Fll^^O^MARS COMMON, | PUBLIC MEETING*. . , ls compliance with the following advertisement, a publio meeting was bald, OD Saturday, at Oowell'i Inn, Bf de: "Field-of-Mara Common.-Tba trastees of the above having declined to oall . meeting as requested, all par ties interested ara requested to assemble st OoweU's Ino, Hyde, thia day, Saturday, 80th instant, at 3 p.m.*- Up- wards of forty persona were present, including many of the most inäaentisl gentlemen of the vicinity. Soon after the advertised time Mr. John Blaxland wes voted to UK« chair. Tho CHAIRMAN having read the advertisement conven- ing the meeting, said Mr. Joobert would read the corres, pondenoe wbioh was the reason for the meeting being called. Mr. JULES JOCBBHT said, a short time back, it was ne oessary to eleot two trastees for tbs Common ; . Mr. Drinkwater, the senior trastee, had been personally ri qaeated to do so ; at tbe time h.- pleaded ill-health for delay, and said be would do so as soon as hs recovered. They waited some time, and the next thing they learnt was that a meeting had been called and Messrs. Shep- herd and Bellamy had been elected. : Of this meeting no notice had been given in the daily papers; the Act certainly did - not render that necessary, but it would have been only so adherence to custom and an act of cour- tesy to have done so. The Commoners were dissatisflad with the way the meeting had been held, and the follow- ing letter was addressed to the trustees : To E. Drinkwater, Esq., and other trustees of Fleld-of-Mars Common. We, the undersigned. Commoners of the Field-of-Mara, beg that yon will call lbj advertisement in the pabilo paper») a meet- ing, at ioma early date next week, at Eyde, to disco»» matters connected with the Common. We also beg that you will be prepired to show us an aooonnt of your trust. April li tb, 1800. To this theia were 16 signatures attached; and the fol owing reply was reeeived : To James Farnell, Esq., and others. Gentlemen,-We beg to acknowledge tho receipt sf your requisition, requeelingus'to eall a meeting of Commonsrs, and in reply bes to ioform yon Ute, tho réquisition not being in com- pliance with rulea and regulation» made by th» truateee, wo moat beg to decline oalling a meeting. Wo ire» gentlemen. Your obedient arrranta, ' ' EDWD. DRINKWATER,) - laaAc SnRPHKRD, f Trustee*. JAME* BELLAHY, I Mr. JAMES S. FARNELL said he bsd been entrusted with a resolution to propose, in condemnation of the eonduot of the trastees for the wey they bsd treated the Commoners in regard to the eleotion, and also to their refusal to oall a meeting. A résolu'ion ol the kind, above all, ha undertook with relaotanoe to condemn the oonduot of any one, but in the present instance it was the only remedy they had. A meeting had been called by the tiUBtee, Mr. Drinkwater, for the eleolion of two trustees. No doubt be bad complied with the Aot io posting notioeB in consi ioaoan parts, and at the nearest Court of Petty Sessions, bat this was not in aaoordance with the spirit of the ase. Tba Aot was passed many years ago, wheo notices posted on gam trees snd at polioe.offloea was the beat mode of making things known -when they had not the great ad.antages of the. publii press. Greater publieily of the meeting should have been given by the trustees. They aatce with their dupes at d held a meeting at the very boase this meeting was in, and so bare ot publicity was tbe notice given that the owner of the house did not know tho meeting was to be beld there until a. few boars previous ta it. The three gentlemen were elected, Messrs. Drinkwater, Shep betd, snd Bellamy. Mr. Shepherd had - formerly been one of the trustees, and bad resigned the trast to be elected a member of Parliament. He was re- eleoted trustee, resigned, and was again eleoted. It would be remembered tbat at a meeting some time sinoe for elec- tion of trustees Mr. Drinkwater end Mr. Bellamy bad aooused eaoh other of appropriating the funds of the trust to their own use, in terms worse than Billings' gate ; yet they found these three gentlemen associated together again, whether for the good of the commoners or not, would be for them to determine. He did not see any notice posted up, altboagb Mr. Drinkwater said notioes were. Notioa was not given through the news- papers, to -wbioh he always looked for information as to meetings, and be was thereby deprived of bis voioe in the election. He did not believe bia interests would be pro- tected by these trustees. He did not think they oouid ? get three men to do what these three . individuals had done. ' This meeting should express publicly their dis- approbation of this underhand eondaot. He presumed they had been eleoted by persons who were desirous of thwarting the intentions of the very large majority who were in favour of erecting a bridge aoross the river, to which step of progress these gentlemen were opposed. He had very great pleasure ia moving tbe following resolution :-" That thia meet- ing, consisting of parties interested in the Flttld-of-Mars' Commop, enters its pretest against the underhand manner in which the meeting of Commoners was called together for tba eleotion of trustees on the Stb of April, and gene- rally condemn and protest against the whole prooeediogs on that ocoaBion." Mr. TUNKS said he had equal pleasure in seconding the motion. Upon looking over the Aot relstiya to tbe Common, he found>they were perfectly powerless. The only thing they could do was to hold up the conduct of the trustees to public ridioule. They-cettalnly acted up to the letter of the Aot, but not to tho spirit of it. The conduct of Mr.'Drinkwater in the ?matter waa very disgraceful. He ihad been personalty requested by a number of gentlemen to call a meeting, and said he woold when be recovered from his illness. The next thing they heard waa tbat these three individuals had ; been eleoted. The only-thing the meeting could dowies to tell th 3 trustees aHiit of their mind. They objected to call a meeting because only 'three persons signing the requisition, they said, were Com- moner'. Thia was-in direct opposition to tbs truth. Before they could do anything further »ben censure'the trustees it was necessary to have some alteration in the Aot to deprive these trustees of the power for life, as the Aot granted them, ff hey had not done amy good to the' Common ; they had injured it instead of improving ir. Ho olaim°d a freehold right to the Common and lookod .upon the assertion'tbat only three persons who signed. the requisition were>Commoners, as an attempt to de- ; .prive thfm bf their legal, and equitable 'rights. The eleolion of these trustees was the result of a conspiracy .inn their part. Mr.'Drinkwater bad told him in con-1 fidence that he would seoure tbe eleolion of Mr.' ?Shepherd as a trustee after the Parliamentary eleolion,' therefore it waa not an aoóident but a willoi and pie. I meditated act. He seconded the resolution with plea- sure. Mr. WILLIAM FORSTBE asid throughout the movement for the erection of bridges, and the surrender of their right« to the Common be had given bis opinion with the gentlemen who had spdhen. There was ene feature which they overlooked, and which he had co hesitation in expressing his opinion was the worst .feature in the whole afT.ir, and that was . the meeting for tho eleotion of trustees'which was held jipon tho day of nomination for Parramatta, when any one'having a few hours to spare, and taking the least interost in their parliamentary representation would naturally , ba at the nomination. Yot beooa d hardly assent ta the resolution without in- quiring more into the matter «ban was in their power at present. fBoth the speakers had admitted the proceed inga were-legal. He did not wish to defend th J trus- tres'condqet, bat be doubted «whether the meeting was competent to pass a vote of censare, as enough hod not been placed'beforo them, He-hoped the meeting would reau't in something, whetber-the resolution was .passed or not, and it was very probable it would be passed, as there seemed-to be a large majority in favour of it. If they were a court of inquiry, or a oourt of juatiee, which they were not, they had -not sufficient evidenoe before them to pass a vote bf this 'kind. While expres- sing Ibis he. did not deviate ia any way from the. opinions fae had «ll along expressed in regard to the,' Common. . Mr. FAIUIELL said they had evidence to the extent: that they bad no power to remove the-trastees. There- fore, as commoners, their only remedy was to hold a meeting and condemn their conduct. They bad an op- portunity of being present : they had boen asked to at- tend ond they would not crme. The advertisement in- vited all persona interested in the Common to be pre», sent, and if tba trustees were not who ought to be. Mr. J. K. Heydon said Mr. Forster had expressed a wish tbat tho meeting~woul'l result in something ; he also boped it would, bat how were they to do so if not by the resolution before thew. They all had the last right of Englishmen- the right to grumble, and he for one felt inclined to do so, because they had bien "done" by tbe trustees. ? To grumble was all tbe resolution pto posed to do, end if they could not do it, whet were they to do ? They ted toe-fret before them that Mr. Shepherd had resigned bia* trust with the avowed intention to .Biipeth the "way for the erection of thar bridge ¡.this vas à mere election movement. ? They luid asked Mr. Drink- water ia courteous tanna to call a meeting! on acoonnt of Iii« he «Uh they excused bim ; hs promised he wonld when he recovered ; they waited'aniiously for it; anf/. afterwards learned that a few perseus bad assembled, .nd lhasa gentleman were elected. .Supposing all flit up tb this period, why did they rrfase to cili a meeting »heil they had teen asked r Hs trusted tho - resold lion would be passed. Mr. FARNELL said lb*y should take it ai a fact thai these gentlemen bad been elected, as jig would read for the meeting, % paragraph whioh appeared in the Herald: FIELD er-Miiia IND HUNTER'S HUI. COUXOX.-A meeting of Sereon« eutiiled to the nae of the aaid common, took place at owaU'a Inn. Ryde (aa per notica poetad at the neareat pelice oXce; and on the Common.aa per Act of Council), at neon, on Monday, the 8th inatant, for the pnrpoae ef electing two trustees to fill the place ef Mesara. Isaac Shepherd and Jamea Bellamy, who had reaigned their trusta. Shortly after twelve o'clock, a goodly number of commoners haring aaaembled. Mr. Drink- water, the only tra ate e. took tba chair, when Mr. Isaao Shepherd and Mr. James Bellamy were re-elected. Ayote of tbankt waa given to the chairman, and the meeting separated, well aatiafied with the re eleotion of their old friends. This was sufficient evidence that a meeting bad been held, and the parentbesis lei him to supposa it waa in. serted by the trastees. They departed Irom the usual praetice of put tag it in the newspapers. If they were unable to do the trustees any harm, he was equally confident that the trastees were powerless to do them any harm. However, that should not prevent them from expressing their dissatisfaction. The CHAIRMAN then pat the resolution, which was carried witbontdissent. Mr. JULES JOUBERT . said be had a resoloion to pro- pose. He had resided twenty-one years in the colony, and wished to be an Englishman ; being so long in the colony he called himself an Australian, bat if it was a right of an Englishman to grumble, he would feel addi- tional pleasure in being one, as he bad very great reason to grumble. He bad formerly been an" apponent of Mr. Shepherd'*, but be was always open tn oonviotion. Two" years ago, when Mr. Shepherd was a . candidate for St. . Leonsrd's, he oalled upon bim (Mr. Joubert),. and converted him to bis aide. The great argument used by Mr. Shepherd on tbat ocoasion was, that he was in favour of the alie lat ion of tbe Common to tbe Government, and the ereotion of a bridge across the river from the compensation tbt y should reeeive for it, and if any Barn shoald remain, ita investment for keeping in repair the bridge and the roads leading to it. He bad seoured for Mr. Shepherd at bis eleotion 87 or 63 votes, on the sure understanding that be would adtooate the erection of a bridge. [He then read a r-solution to the tfleot, that the meeiing consisting of eleotors, bigbly censured the oonduot of Mr. Shepherd, in regard to the proposed bridge, as their representative in the Legislative Assembly, and declaring him unworthy to be their representative.] Mr. Shepherd had never raised bis voice in the Assembly, exoept to present a petition against the alienation of the Common, purporting to be aigned by oommonera. He denied they were commoners. They were shopkeepers of Parramatta, ada number of women who had signed it. He also stood np to seoond a resolution for cane seats in the Assembly ; if hU sest were uncomfortable be would sug- gest they should pat a bunoh of nettles in it and make it more so. Mr- J. E. HEYBON said it was patent to everybody tbat a man who oould aot aa Mr. Shepherd did with Mr. Joubert was unfit to represent them. He seeonded tbe resolution. ? I Mr. WILLIAM FUIUTER said'it was not to be expected, beoause he did not hold his band up against the other motion of oensure, that he would let, this one pass without remark. They should keep within tbs bounds of propriety and good sense. He might ol j jct as a point of order, if points of order were observed at publio meetings, to any reiolution of the kind being pat. There was nothing in the advertisement to lead them to sup- pose that such a motion would be brought forward. If they intended to pass ibis oensure longer notice should have been given. Ho put it to. tb» gentlemen present who complained so muob of hole and oorner meetings if the obargs would not reooil upon themt el vee if they persisted in this resolution.; That they should proceed from the question of the Common to the large one of how Mr. Shepherd bad represented the eleotoral district, , was . ridiculous. ' He believed that was the substance cf the charge. How oould they come to a decision if Mr. Shepherd < waa not there to reply. It would be unjust to pass thia , résolu, tion in this manner. He defended Mr. Shepherd on this ocoasion, and would endeavour to .prevent this vote of oensure being passed. They might as. well'extend their censare to the Government-to the honorable Mr. Robert! on, for not ereo ing the bridge. It was going | too far to pass thia resolution. It waa a question, ought they, or were they competent to paBS it t Hs was of opinion they ought not to pass this oensure on an ab- sent man until at least they bad heard him. (Mr. Hey- don : " He had not the courtesy to ooma here.") : Be- fore he would condemn an absent man, he shoald have sometbing more to aot upon. Nothing bad been put before them that day to warrant snob, a proceeding; they, would be stultifying themselves by it. The matter of his absence might be explained. Then the question of oompetenoy should be considered. It was on their own aocount, and not on a'ocount of. Mr, Shepherd, that he urged their considération of this matter. He boped they would not do an act of injustice, and, in ad- dition, make themselves the laughing ? stock of the country. Mr. FA&SBLX;, recommended the withdrawal of the resolution, and tbat a public meeting shoald be called f Jr the expresi parpase of considering it. ' Mr. Trotara aaid before the resolution ;waa withdrawn, he wished to aay, he agreed with tbe views expressed by Mr. Forster. He was under the impression that it was no nae passing it,'Mr.. Shepherd would laugh at it. (Mr. HEYDON : " Toa proposed bim.") I did, and I am sorry for it. ' They might kick bim and he' would not resign. He would agree with any resolution to get cid of bim. He would sign a petition for that purpose when it came before them properly. Mr. JOTS EUT said be had before remarked that he was open to oonviotion, and from the views put forth by Mr. Forster, he would withdraw tbs' motion. But let Mr. . Shepherd not think it was done with. Lat it stand be- fore bim as a ghost. ? Mr. J. K. HBSDOH then read tho following petition : To the Honorable the Speaker .and Members of Ateemäly tn Parliament aaaembled. The bumble politlón of tho underaigned oommonera of the Field of Mara Common. Itcapactfully aheweth, That the Field of Mars Common ie a strip oflland, extending from Lane Cove to within a ahort'distanoe of the town of Parra- matta, oompriaing nearly seyon thousand acres, and lying length- ways parallel to the river. , That the said Common ia of little or no nae to your petitioners, for whose benefit it w aa originally granted. That nearly all the useful timhorin the aooosaible portions of tho aaid Common haa boen cut down and carried away, and the -greator part of lt unlawfully so, by poraons who have gained * their livelihood by the sale of the aaid timber. That the more inecoeealble parte of the Common are the haunta of vagrants, runaway Bailors, and the |moat abandoned proBtitutoB of Sydney, whose drunken and obscene conduct is at : 'times obtruded on the aurronndiug rotpoctable inhabitants. That tho Common ia uaolesa for-tho purpose of affording pas '. itarage to tba oaltle of your petitioners, inasmuch aa tho io : alances aro very raro of a commoner reclaiming hie cattle when : -once they have boon plaood thoroon.tbo aaid cattle, aa itia gene- rally bolievad, being Blangbtorod hy tho vagrants aforesaid. That yonr petitioners are assured by tho preaant aenior ?truatee of the Common, that at tho present time there are not .twenty head of oattlo running on it, .although ono of our number ehould have, at the loaat.two hundred head Ibero. Ubat tho oxiatonce of BO largo a blook of common land Is a bar: tednteroourae among tho aurrounding Bottlers, and detrimental to tho establishment of the civilising institutions of our time. It proventa the formation of propor roula, from tho absence of a population tbat'might contribute tho monoy for making them, and ao provente the eatabliabment of mumcjialiliea in this, the oldest settled diatriot in the colony ; it makes oburchea and school» few ead far between; entiroly obstructs tho formation of schaote of arte, .and shale out all prospect of tho inhabitants assembling to hear looturea, attend concerts, or make uae of any hamonleiug meses wbioh arereuulolte, now-a-dayn, in all English society. That (for theae and other roaeona your potitionoreoooelder the exlatcnoe of thia enormous block of wasto land haa operated detrimentally upon the aocial walfaro of tho district, and that lt has been tho main cause why this, the oldest aottlod and moat fertilo and plotnreague diatriot in the immediate vloinityof Sydney, ia yot the most unimproved, both socially, morally, and phyaically, that is to ba found within fifty miles of the metropolis. Tbat yonr petitioners believe most firmly, that If the aatd Com- mon were cut up into amall agricultural allotments, and add to boriajtde settlers, it would batho rasons of opening up to preflta bte cultivation a fertile diatriot, which, being close to tho city of ' Sydney and the harbour of Port Jackson, would furnish produce ' enltable both for our metropolitan raarkote, and for roady export to tho neighbouring ooloniea. And, at the ians time, by ooo- ! centratingthe population, and adding to their numbera, would enable yonr Petitionen and the inhabitants generally, to avail themaelvea of the various civilising inatltutiou sand agendas or the age. Tbet your petitioners therefore pray. That your honorable House will take tho"! premlaaa Into your oonBideration, and peas an Act, authorising and enjoining the aale of the said Field of Mars Common, and the appropriation of tito prooeeds to the construction of roads and bridgea in the dls .trict, and for connecting the same by the shortest route with the .metropolis. And your petitioners, as in duty bound, will ever pray. Be «aid for the purpose of ventilating tba question, ard for tbe sake of discussion, be moved tbe following re- solution-.. Tbct the petition now read b-t adoptad, and that the present committee be empowered to amend it if necessary, and obtain signatures thereto." Mr. DIE 'MEAL*, seoondod it. "Mr. EonaXEB said ba waa very happy to find that something;, had . been proposed which he could give^ his «apport to." Ho bsd ' always held the Common to be a naisance . and they would be better without it Yet he would jjot be a party to infringe opon the rights of other partie'. There were' soma who wera not informed on .'the 'matter, and who, if they Would attend tbs meetings and be infotmed, would readily give ap their- rfght: lo tba "Common for greater advantage's.' "He wóulTTnbt be a pirtv to forcing the willnf.o majority upon ri ¡larg» 'minority. To the extent of . urrenaermg bia right to the Commen ho would go,and s'gn the petition. ' - .. Mr. pABjTEtx 'sitd it was nseegBjry they should frxer oise the) greatest scrutiny, to see that the perple signing tba petitions against the eurrender were actually commoners, which he know they wera not. The Cern mon hod been a drawbaok to the progress of tbs neigh- bourhood. The very popula'im that was biro there; ffbetJ Ihey grew np, bsd f.o go elsewhere to rom a Hveli hoad. He (ode over ihe Common (he other day with the surveyor, «bo bed been iastruoted to report apon ii, end waa surprised to think the people should be io de- sirous of retaining it. The fact of throwing open hr land, and tbe increased facility of a bridge to the place, now, by the present route, almost as far from Sidney for a team at Penrith, would be brought within sie miles of Sydney. There were some ia tbe neigh bourbood wbo were aotually uncivilised. Kissing Poiol, by the proposed route would be only six miles from Sydney, tte Church bells of Sydney, and yat had tn pay 3s. to go by the steamer for want of other means of communication, and even the steam faeility was not always convenient. Kissing Point, considering it was one ol the first pisces settled in the colony, considering its distanoe from Sydney, waa not in- tba position it should ocoupy in social progress. Mr. TUNKS said he entirely agreed with the.idea of selling the Common ; it was perfectly useless lo them. He gave it as an unprejudiced opinion that Kissing Point, which bad been settled fifty years aga, was fully half a oentury bebind hand. It showed a great want of energy on their part that they bad not moved sooner in the matter. ? Tbe resolution was then pat and carried, only one being held up against it. A vote of thanks to the chairman, for his impartial cenduot in tbe ohair, terminated the proceedings. 