THB REV. FATHER BLBASDALE. JUt INVOCATION. I. I* thy eloieter grim disseoting Centipede, or bug, or flaa ; Or the bloated toad tormenting— Holy man, (if such thou be), Ceaso around thy cauldron whirling, ' Hell broth' mixing rich and strong. Cluit awhile thy uire enchantments, Hear the rhymer of Geelong. it. By tlie owls and bats unholy That around thy cavern flit, By thy curse on Garibaldi, Div? from thine own native pit i By thy rich desert, the gibbet, By the hangman and his rope, By scarlet hats and ditto stockings. And by tho e of Pius — Pope hi. By the broom w iereon thou flyefct Maiden damsels' hearts to cheer, And by Colac where (how often \\) TUou hast taken bi:ter beer ; By thy bell and book and candle, ' By the pricking of thy thumbs,' By the odour that surrounds thee, Warning men that Satan comes j IV. By thy many kegs of brandy, By thy daily luscious joint, By thy groans for Pat Costello, By thy trip to bchnapper i'omt, By thy many other virtues, Whatsoever they may be, By the ghost of If'riar Bacon, 'Father Blazes,' list to me. v. Blaaes, Blazes, Father Blazes, Name bestowed thee in tho weBt, But o f all names in creation, Sure the one that suits thee best ; Emblem of thy fiery nature, Emblem of 'thy final doom, Peradventure men are thinking That it cannot eomo too soon. VI. Mark, — against thy Church or people Not one word have I to say ; Naught to me thoir form of worship,, How, or when, or whero they pray t Thy religion, learned father, May or may not be the best, i Let sueh strifes be dead and buried, And for ever let them rest, vit. But for thee, O arch deceiver, Thou, O jelly bag of lies, Thou, who s-juirtest toad-iike venom ®n the man till nations prize, Naming thee with Garibaldi Appeals indeed a d.mdly sin ; A man, O sage, whose little finger More potent is than all thy kin. vin. He who fined a gallant people, Who from millions struck the chain, He who cvied aloud from Naples ' Bo cnba' ne ver more shall reign, He, the statesman, prophet, hero, He who nobly fought and bled, He whose name shall live for ever, Thou, O priest, would'st hang till dead. IX. Think of Judas, Father Blazes ; Ho like thee possessed a bag, And for ' pious purpose' gathered For himself unbounded 'swag.' He, O priest, betrayed his master ; He 'collected' Godless pelf ; He, like thee, was fond of hanging ; Imitate him — hang thyself. x. Aye, go hang, or else for oyer Hide thyself from light of day, And in cloisters grim and lonely Do for onco sincerely pray That the world may soon forget thee, As forget thee soon it must, And that thou may soon be mingled . With the meanest, basest, dust. XI. But for thee, great Garibaldi ! Nature's noble king of men ! From thy island home sequestered, Wilt thou e'er come forth again ? Must tho sword of ftaribaldi _ Rusting, hang against the wall ? Lo ! tho foes of freedom rally — , Lift thy finger, and they fall ! XII. Garibaldi, good and holy ! Garibaldi, wiBO and bold ! We are praying God to bless thee, In this distant lar.d of gold. Heed thou not the sneers of Judas, Blessed art thou by honest men, Who will do their beBt to aid thee, With their money, voice, and pen. W. Stitt Jbnkins. Geelong, 28th November, 1801. 