GUICHENBAY. FFrom our own CorresDondentl Pnhp hVhmanr 7. By the Ant last week were received thirteen more rifles for the volunteer company here, and as the busy season will soon be over they, could not havp arrived nt a luster time, us those to whom they are issued will have much more leisure to devote to the necessary drill. Subscription-lists for the National Rifle Asso ciation have also been received, and no doubt many of our volunteers and other residents in the district will become members; but I do not think it likely that many will go from here to Adelaide to contend for the prizes when the matches take place. The general opinion appears to be that as the expense of a trip to town would be great it would be throwing rather a large sprat to catch a mackerel not many sizes bigger, for which same mackerel most probably a hundred or two others would be fishing, or rather shooting. However, as it is intended to open subscription-lists for local matches, an opportunity will be afforded to volun teers and others of trying their skill : and judging from a little practice which has already taken place down here, I think that any prize that may be ottered will be well contested for, and that the shooting will compare favourably with that in most of the matches which have as yet taken place in South Australia. A meeting was held at the Criterion Hotel, on Monday evening, to afford an opportunity to Mr. Shires of testing the efficacy of an antidote which he has prepared for curing snake-bites, and which is also stated to be equally useful as an antidote to various kinds of poison, strychnine included. The room was very full. Mr. O Keefe, the Clerk of the Court, was requested to sit on the platform to see that the experiments were conducted fairly. Mr. Shires commenced by taking out two small snakes (the one a tiger and the other a diamond snake), which he handled as carelessly as if they were two pieces of rope. Having played with them for a short time on tlie table lie then slung them across his nose, finally placing them inside his flannel shirt. It was enough to make any one's Wood run cold to see this man place reptiles (a bite from which has hitherto been considered so dangerous, and which has in many cases resulted in death) in a position where the warmth of his body was cal culated to rouse them into full activity. It is thus plain that whatever opinion the public may have of the antidote Mr. shire's faith in it is unbounded. He next introduced a large tiger snake, which could not have measured less than five feet. After showing it to the company he placed it hi a box, as he did not intend to let it bite that evening, his business lying with the smaller fry. A dog wa3 then introduced, and the small tiger snake allowed +rt lti+n liim nn 4-ltn vtnea anil oo +V»/'kO*» npocont AV. pressed a wish that the antidote should not be applied, his fate was sealed. A cock and hen were next placed on the table, and the same snake allowed to applv his fangs to both, the cock Ijeing bitten first. The company wished the antidote used in the case of the latter— thus affording him a chance of again crowing on his own dunghill. The hen, in 25 minutes' time, not showing any signs of giving up the ghost and Mr. O'Keette stating that he did not consider that the snake had bitten her fairly, a wish was at once expressed that the snake should be again applied, which was done. In seven or eight minutes she began to show evident signs of the poison, and in 15 mi nutes died, the cock at this time looking quite lively. The dog, who had been dozing away at the back of the platform not much noticed, now attracted attention. He showed evident signs of being in pain. Lperiiaps cannot better express his state than by using the words of a song (with a slight alteration) composed by a gentleman in the district : — .. 'His hind legs stiffened out, and he flung himself about, Turning up his eyes as though for to say, 'That snake from off the hummock is a cramping of my stomach — Its a settler for your old dog Tray.' ' It being now about 10 o'clock the meeting sepa rated, the dog and the cock being locked up under the charge of Mr. Jenkins, the landlord of the hotel, and on enquiry next morning I found that the dog died about two hours from the time he was bitten, and that the cook was all alive and kicking. The experiments were, therefore, satis factory. I may state that Mr. Shires showed a place on his nose where he had been bitten on the previous Friday by the same snake with which the experiments were made, and that the application of the antidote saved him from feeling the effects of the bite. Mr. Jenkins also said that he snw the antidote made in his own house; that it was com posed entirely of herbs; and that he immediately put it in a bottle and sealed it. The seal was not broken until the antidote was required to apply to the wounds made that evening; neither had the bottle been out of his possession. It is intended, I believe, to form a Committee, under whose direc tion still more satisfactory trials may be made. 