[COMMUNICATED.] His Excellency the Governor tiTlJ suite arri ved in Gayndah oil Thursday, and left for D-ilby on Monday morning. A very largenum b.-r of residents went out to meet the Governor and a salute of seventeen gnns was fired as he entered the town. Nearly every house in Gayn dah hoisted a: flag, ayd the whole town was de corated in the best possible style, and His Excellency was enthusiastically received. Ou Friday Avening there was a public dinner at Messrs. ifehlpt nnd Gill's Hotel, and a. ball afterwards at the Court-house, which was ex ' tremely well attended, aud passed off admirably. His Excellency was present at both the dinner end ball. The Governor also attended Asliton's Circus oil Saturday night. On Saturday the ho i. B. R.M'Kcnzie gave a political address, and was. well received. The speech, apparently, gave great satisfaction to his constituents, and the -him. gt-ntleinan was perfectly convinced of their fidelity, and his own, notwithstanding the repeated assertions 10 llie contrary of the ' tihost of Ban Ban' and the local'journaL During tlieii stay the Governor arid Mr. Mac kenzie paid li'Visit totheDarambah Creek,' from which it is ezpected'intich good will result. His Excellency aud the Colonial Treasurer were highly gratified with the loyally of the people of Gayndnh, as well as with the unexpec ted and hearty welcome they received. Pilch loyalty and enthusiasm, it is said, Sir G. Bowen 1ms never before witnessed in Queensland. I have just been informed that the Police M agietrate left Gnynd&h; for Manango just before the timeof the Governor's expected arrival, and -lid not return till: Saturday 'night. Various rumours as to the probable cause of this pnex pected journey are in circulation. « * A reader. [We have been greatly disappointed at not re, ceivingrour correspondent'# letter as we bad hoped to hare furnished a full report of the Go vernor's visit in to-day's issue. Our thanks are due to a the ' Ghost ' and a ' Reader' for their attention. — The BmactlAryvs hud Jint appealed ?Mjien thejnailuian left Guypdah.— Jin. M.C.] .... 