NEW BAPflST CHURCH. On Thursday evening, December 19, the tec nition service, in connection with the call to U_. pastorate of the Eev. Silas Mead, M.A., t,t. B t over the Baptist Church nor worshipping in White's Booms, and his acceptance of the aanuL took place at White's Booms. The room was not filled, hut there were about S00 persons present. There were upon the platform the following, ministersThe Keys. Isaac New (Baptist), J-X<yall (United Presbyterian), C. Man- r thorpe, W. Wilson, F. W. Cos.-J. Jefleriaamt . H. Chectham (Independents), Silas Mead, G. Stonehouse, Battfield, Tuck; Evans, and J. Hunn.y (Baptists). The Ber. G. Stonehouse presided. After ranging a hymn the Bev. F.ff. Cox read part of the lst chapter of Fold's 2nd Spittle to Timothy. Prayer was then offered by the Bev. Wv. Wilson, and another hymn was sung. The Ber. C. Manthorpe then addressed the assembly. He expressed his pleasure at seeing that the Church had found a pastor in whose Christian character they could confide; and he trusted-that the union which had been formed ' would' be long continued, and that the Great Shepherd would bless it with the outpouring of His Spirit. The topic on which he had to speak to them was "the special means which the Churches of Christ in this city should adopt in order to secure the salvation of those lowest sunk in ran." He dwelt on the forms of evil which presented themselves wherever men did congregate, and especially in large cities; and asked what was to be done tabling those who refused to attend the means of grace to a knowledge of theGospeL It behoved them to give the spiritual condition of those who were sunk in ran the deepest consideration, and they would not be true to their God wore they not to endeavour to convey the Gospel to sUch individuals. He con fessed he had great diffidence in suggesting any means by which it could he done: but after much consideration he had come to the opinion *hnt. domiciliatory visitation was by far the best and most useful means. If the people would not come to them they must go to them, and they must go out into the highways and compel them to come in. He recommended -pastors and deacons to select a number of their members, both male and female; to visit those who had not received a knowledge of God, and to induce them to come within the sound of the Gospel. And then when any individual was brought to attend the saocs tasty he should be welcomed as a brother, and not* be spumed and reproachfully looked upon by ther members. The right band of fellowship should be held out to him, and heshould be shown that they took an interest in his eternal welfare. Thaw should also sympathize with the trials, griefs, ™ sorrows of such people. They must pray with them, and for them, and though they would have to wait for some time the blessing would ulti mately come. If they were not weary in well doing, in due season they should reap if they fainted not. The 680th Hymn was here sung, after which The Bev. G. Storehouse said the duty devolred upon him of addressing a few words to tbe Church and congregation worshipping under the ministry of his fneno Mr. Mead; and He had selected as the basis of his remarkB the charge delivered by Paul to the Church at Philippi, and which would be found in Pbilippians, 2nd chapter and 14th to 16tli verses. He dwelt with great force on the essentials necessary for the formation and support of a Christian Church. He thought the first essential was that of deep earnest personal piety. The mem bers and congregation must also have considera tion foT then minister—they should hear turn regularly as an instructor, and should have respect for his official position. They should also do what he enjoined so long as his rule was in accordance with tScripture truth. The Church was able to pro vide for the temporal wants of its ministers; for they .were not pensioners, bnt labourers, and a labourer was worthy of his hire. He also referred to the duty of seeing that union should exist be tween the members of Churches—union which would secure harmoiy, strength, and peace. He dwelt on tbe duties of the members of s Church in their consistent conduct—in letting their lights shine In the moral universe as the son and moon shone in the natural heavens. He concluded by earnestly urging them to be a working Church and to consider the thoughts which he had suggested, mid which, he said, they could not he too familiar with. A verse of the 676th Hymn having been sung, The Bev. Mr. Hannay, in a lengthy speech, dwelt on tbe duties of the deacon's office. He said the office of deacon was of Divine appoint ment, and he urged on the deacons of that Church many of the duties connected with their office. The first requisite, he thought, was a profound interest in the preaching of the Gospel, and a deep sympathy with those who preached Christ and Him crucified. He also touched on tie drty of the dea cons to sympathize with, to advise, and to sup port the minister; to visit and converse with en quirers after salvation, and to maintain the purity of the Church by the exclusion or expulsion of those who might dishonour it. Another duly was the one of Church finance—a rock on which-so many Churches had split, and on which so many ministers bad been wrecked. In conclusion, he urged them to seek out men for the office of deacon of good report and of wisdom, and who were filled with the Holy Spirit. A part of tbe fi32nd Hymn was here sung. - l The llev. Isaac Nbw followed with a powerful address, necessarily contracted by the lengthineBW" . of the preceding speeches. He said if he could have his wish, he would dose the meeting at once, as the evening was so far advanced. He, however, had a duty to perform, and he hoped they would listen to him while he made a few remarks. He then proceeded to address the Key. Silas Mead, remarking that.it was in compliance with that gen tlemen's request The demeanour which had lieen exemplified by him sinoe their intercourse had led him glady to comply with the request to ssy a few words to him on that occasion. He referred to the imposing position a minister occupied; its duties were awful, and its responsibilities were solemn. He besceched his friend not to enter upon his duties in his own strength, but to place bis help on the God of Heaven. He commended the character of Barnabas to him—a man who was eminent for everything that was embraced in the word good ness—goodness such as God approved. The fruit of the Spirit was in all goodness, and he besought his friend to be filled with that goodness. To be filled with the Holy Ghost was not an exclusive privilege—bis friend could just as well be filled with it as was Barnabas. It only Showed what the Spirit could do, and what He was willing to do: He conld do for him exceeding abundantly above all that he conld ask or think. Barnabas was also full of faith, and that accounted for his berngfoll of the Holy Ghost, while his beingfnllof the Holy Ghost accounted tor his being full of faith. Faith received the Gospel which led to intercourse with Christ and communion with the Holy Ghost. He impressed upon Mr. Mead's mind that eminent piety was the only effectual guarantee of success in his work. The testimony of his own heart would not comfort him without piety; the scene around him would be cheerless and dark. He might feel perhaps assured that his efforts were being successful, hut without true piety no sub stantial success would follow. He told tils friend he most enter on the arena with his loins girded like unto a man bent on victory. There most be zeal devotedness, prayer—earnest and sincere prayer—but there must also be faith and the simplicity of a little "child. ' That would make, hint meat, and the only form of great ness which would survive after bis death. He explained the mediatorial office of Christ, and said it was by that only that reconciliation happens mid Heaven could be realized by fallen souls. It would, therefore; be his friend's duty to turn the attention of Ms hearers to that Chris t,and fix their gaze upon His saving and redeeming, mercy. In proportion as his piety was eminent to' he would bennaerthe dominion of the HoIySpulL His heart would be brought in delightful affinity: to the Divine nature, andif he were successful'in ~ reclaiming sinners he would experience some'of that joy which imparted raptures to the songs of angels over redeemed spirits. Hemustnot i "^ with hesitation, but with confidence. He be guided instinctively almost to preach u,"— which would be efficacious in saving all that experience which had been efficacious! own case. He would not attempt to distill intellectual abilities; he would rather beteellned to bide his head in tbe dost. He would exhibit the cross,- but be would hide himBelf behind it: he would exhibit' tbe glory of Christ, but would not endeavour to set forth his own excellence. His conversation would be, therefore, that which becometh the Gospel; no evil communication would proceed from his mouth, but only that which was calculated few edification and instruc moo. imminent piety would Impart dignity to Ms character, inasmuch as the outward doings of a man were the expression of his habitual thoughts and emotions. The dignity and glory of Christ arose from-His unblemished fame; His holiness was His tower of strength; He was calumniated, but the arrows shot.at Him fell pointless, and He stood forward insnthemaie$ty of Divinity. It would be the duty of his friend topoint out the excellence of Christ—His holiness—His love: and the glorious scheme of redemption which He bad wrought for mankind. Without the piety he had alluded to, his friend would be exposed to the snares and darts of the Wicked One; bid with it he would be in vested with all the dignity which man could pos sess. . He pointed out the mass of precious thoughts wluchwould be introduced to his friend's mind in preaching the truths of Ihe Gospel and the great doctrines of reconciliation. He implored the Divine guidance "upon Mr. Mead's pulpit efforts, and entreated him to aspire to that eminent piety which he -had pointed onL It would chasten his temper; it would dothe him with dignity, but not makebimproudpit would quicken his sympathies with his friends. If they grieved him he would not be easily provoked, and then he would be following the example or his Great Teacher. Mminent piety would give him support under discouraging circumstances. A tnlnjstsr, if be felt himseu anght, could not isolate himself from the Church. Feuds would occasionally arise. The most irivial canBe of strife might swell into a which would involve the danger of Hie whole Charch. £t would be the minister* duty in such circumstances to endme ecom and coldness; he would .have to bear indifference, slander, and labours, abuse minister might be cruehed down through the want of encouragement. He,^ however, recommended his friend to - put. his trust in that Power which would otuuae' him to bear up his spirit amid the most discouraging trials and circum stances. He impressed upon his friend that the success for which fae should crave was not to dratwalsm® congregation, or anamply-filled ex chequer, nut the cone - - ' - ' success could only flow f power of God.. Wrestle .. His benediction, seek His bsstowthem. God-woald wouldlmt withhold it, < promiseaHovamedl tiotm device*,end canti fuiydsrmish Spirit in hist launched * 