LOCKED IN. It was on a leaden-looking evening in October, 1858, that the fast-sailing packet " Conciliation" steamed out of the harbour of Holy head. Dark clouds were gathering overhead, the short chopping waves slapped the sides of the vessel impatiently, and the thick black smoke shot straight from the funnel to the receding shore, as if anxious to escape from the restless turbulence of the water, and form a sooty canopy over dry land. There were but few passengers on board, and a drizzling rain sent them below. One gentleman alone stood his ground upon the quarter-deck, and, comfortably encased in a suit of oil-skin, puffed his cigar in defiance of the weather He was a tall, fair haired man, with a bright eye, this, high-bridged nose, and light wavy moustaches, through which was seen a good-humoured but sarcastic mouth. He accommodated himself to the motion of the vessel like an experienced traveller, and, with well gloved hands deep in his capacious pockets, looked on the steersman, the funnel, the lights upon the distant pier, and the vibration beneath him and about him, with an easy and comfortable nonchalance of manner that seemed peculiar to him. "Upon an obsequious and curly-headed steward who kept coming on deck, and then diving down into the cabin upon those purposeless errands which would appear to be the continual employment of those functionaries when on duty - passing near the traveller, he said: "Have you come to tell me that I \- mustn't smoke ?" J No, sir," said the steward, with the usual deprecating smile ; " you can smoke if you choose, sir : there is nobody on the deck but you." " Very few passengers to-night," remarked the gentleman. "Yes, Be-, very few, sir," replied the steward; you're the only cabin passenger aboard." '. Am I" said the gentleman. " Then I suppose shall have my choice of berths ?" " Whichever you please, sir, when you come below. We have only one other passenger, and she's a lady." "Ah," said the gentleman, looking down the skylight, as if to see if his fellow-traveller were in the cabin. " I'm afraid we shall have a rough passage." " Yes, sir, answered the acquiescent steward ; " it does look very dirty to windward, sir ;" and he dived down again. The traveller lighted a fresh cigar, tossed away his gold one, looked at the white foam in the vessel's wake, and resumed his march, He was naturally a gregarious, companionable sort of fellow, fond of society, argument, the shock of opinions, and collision of ideas. He had hoped to meet some other well travelled man, with whom he could have smoked and chatted. He felt that he should bore himself alone, and began to think about the lady who was his sole companion in the boat. "I wish I knew her, thought he " we could converse some hours away. Twenty years ago, I should have considered this quite an adventure. "What fools men are in their salad days ! I should have thought it was fate had thrown us together, because we were destined for each other. Perhaps she is married, or old, or disagreeable. I shall be horribly bored till we reach Kingstown." After half an hour's more walking, he looked down the skylight once again, and saw a lady seated in the cabin, taking tea. < " She doesn't suffer, at all events," he thought to himself; I may as well have a look at her ;" and he finished his cigar, and descended the brass-bound steps leading to the "cuddy." The lady about whom he felt so interested was over thirty years of age, and despite a pallid complexion, languid, mournful eyes, possessed great beauty. Her manners were elegant and refined, and a tinge of exhaustion in her face and voice heightened the sense of subdued sentiment that hung around her. Over- wrought sensibility and sensitive nervous organisa- tion were written in the constant play of her short, thin, upper lip and the perfect taste of her dress completed the charm of a very fascinating invalid. ' When the gentleman entered the cabin, she was seated at the table, waited on by a bustling and active stewardess. He took off his cap as it were at her, and disembarrassed himself of his oil-skin covering. He coughed in token of his presence, but she took no notice, but continued playing with her teaspoon, all unconscious of his entrance. With a glance at the mirror, that betrayed a knowledge of the possession of a good appearance, and a smoothing of a well tied cravat, the gentleman advanced towards the table, and coughed again. The vessel gave a slight lurch, and the tea-service clattered at the same time. The lady looked up, saw the new-comer, and bowed slightly. I fear we are going to have a rough passage, began the male traveller, when the lady shrieked and would have fallen, had not the stewardess ran forward to support her. The gentleman turned pale and red, and pale again, and trembled in every limb. " Bring some water," he said, after a moment's pause, " " Don't be alarmed ; its the-the surprise the sudden >-- Let me,"- He wetted his handkerchief, and laid it on her forehead, while the stewardess ran for her smelling bottle. By the aid of their united exertions, in about five minutes the lady recovered, and looked about her as if just aroused from an unpleasant dream. " Bitter leave us ! " said the gentleman. "Do-do you know the lady, sir?" asked the stewardess, hardly knowing what to do. "Know her? Yes." " You've only got to call, mum ; I shall be close to," said the stewardess. " Can I do anything more, mum "Veno, thank you," said the lady ; " I'm quite well now. You-you need not trouble yourself further." The stewardess quitted the cabin, leaving the two passengers staring at each other in mute wonder. " Good God, Maria, is it you ? " said the gentleman. "It seems almost impossible it can be you," answered the lady in low faltering tones. " Are you better now ?" inquired the gentleman. " Can I get anything for you? " " Nothing, thank you if it be really you." " It seems like a dream," continued the gentleman -" to think that, after ten years, we should meet on board this boat ! It is the most unexpected accident." "Accident?" repeated the lady with an inquiring look. "Accident? Yes ; really accident " "Are you sure you did not know that I was coming on board this " "How could I?" interrupted the gentleman. " I only landed at Southampton last week. Not a soul I knew was in London ; so I took a run over to Dublin to visit Vincey Maguire. It's the most impossible adventure, to think of man and wife, ten years apart, meeting in the cabin of-. Are you going, Maria ? " The lady had risen from her seat. " I see no reason for my remaining," she said quietly. " If you cannot bear to breathe the same atmosphere with me, will retire," said the husband. " I will not turn you out of the cabin : I'll go on deck " The lady looked up to the skylight above her, on which the rain was pattering furiously. " impossible to stay on deck in a night like this," said she, with a faint return of the interest of a wife. " Thank you for that Maria." "I did not mean that," she explained hastily ; " You are unkind not to let me think you did," said the husband. " At all events, since we have met in this strange way, do not let us meet as enemies. " Enemies ? No !" smiled the lady. "Yield to a suggestion of mine for once," continued the husband. " You were taking tea don't let me deprive you of that it will refresh you ; or "-his face lighted up as with a bright idea-" suppose we take tea together ?" " Together!" echoed the lady. "Oh! don't be alarmed," said the gentleman; *' you shall pay for your own, and I for mine, and we'll have it on different trays, in the most platonic manner possible." Despite the rapid beating of her heart the" lady could not repress a smile, of which her husband took immediate advantage by ordering tea for himself. The tea was brought, and he placed himself at the table opposite his wife. Mr. and Mrs. Thirlby had been married in the year 1846\. Miss Harbrow was a noted beauty, and Francis Thirlby a somewhat erratic bachelor. After a honeymoon, and three or four moons more of unmixed sweetness, spent abroad amidst grand old ruins, crumbling columns, and colossal statues, like ghosts of greatness passed away, under dreamy skies and over sent volcanoes, they returned to cool and cloudy England-its tempestuous summers, mild though murky winters, and carefully concealed domestic hurricanes. A year passed, and among old friends, old haunts, and old associations, easy- going Mr. Thirlby became the usual careless husband, engaged chiefly with his Greenwich dinner and his clubs than home, unless he gave a party when he would shine with his customary brilliance. When alone with his wife, he appeared absorbed in meditation. She resented his want of assiduity, and he resented her resent- ment. She had been an only child ; he had he. Neither would be first to yield ! Each was largely endowed with the fatal gift of sarcasm, and used it mercilessly. They stabbed their mutual happiness with epigrams, and battered down their home with the artillery of bitter words. Months passed in fierce storms and lowering threatening cairns. The last provocation was given. Mrs. Thirlby was jealous. She left the house, and shortly after a separation was mutually agreed on. Mr. Thirlby, finding his fireside cold, and his home merely furnished apartments, resolved on adopting a career. He had interest at the India House, and obtained an appointment in the Civil Service. Years had passed. He had returned and as he looked at the wife he had once so loved, and had so strangely met, he felt that he could have begun his courtship once again the last fourteen years were annihilated ; she was before him the old charm floated around her, and he felt his heart inquiry as he traced the well remembered features and their play beneath the swinging light in the close, trembling, rocking, cabin. Mrs. Thirlby sat with her eyes fixed on the tumbling [ sea-externally calm, violet eyed, impassive, and grand. Her husband, leaning his elbow on the table, and his head upon his hand, said " Upon my word, Maria, you are looking handsomer than ever !" A flush of pleasure surged up to Mrs. Thirlby's face ; she beat it back again bravely, but could not resist a slight smile, for she felt, with the self consciousness of a handsome woman, that her husband had spoken truly, and as he thought. " This is a remarkable meeting, is it not ?" continued he, hardly knowing what to say, yet disliking silence more than hazarding something commonplace. " By the way, you have a servant with you, haven't you?' " No," replied the lady. "No ! How is that?" " Harriet had never seen the sea in her life, and refused to embark. She said we were sure to be drowned ; so I came away without her," "Howodd!" said the husband: "there's not a single passenger-I mean in this cabin-but ourselves. " We are single ! " said the wife, relaxing to a smile. " Of course we are at present !" said the husband. " And mean to keep so," continued Mrs. Thirlby, observing that her husband's eyes were fixed on her with an expression of deep interest. Finding that his earnest gaze was noticed, that gentleman swallowed nearly a whole cup of tea at a draught. "I haven't enjoyed my tea so much for years," said he, putting down the empty cup-" I may say ten years." It was always Mr. Francis Thirlby's practice to just when he was in earnest, until he felt his way, and his antagonist's power of resistance. " Shall I be indiscreet in asking what motive you have in visiting Ireland ? " he asked, finding that no reply, verbal or facial, was made to his last observa- tion. Mrs. Thirlby poured herself out a second cup of tea, and said "I am going to pass a few months With-Oh ! She shrieked with pain. Thirlby rose with an anxious and perturbed countenance. " What's the matter ?" he asked. "I have scalded my hand," replied his ex-wife, applying her lips to the part affected. " Allow me," said" he, about to take hold of the injured member. " Thank you, no," said the lady, hastily withdraw ting it. " I permit no interference with what is entirely my own property." The face of the husband turned red, and the wife felt the cruel pleasure of victory., " Better put a little dry soap on it-; best thing in the world for a scald," said he "I have some in my bag." " You are very kind," answered the wife, touched with the attention. "Not at all, Maris" said Thirlby, following up his success with the Christian name. I am something of a traveller now, and am always provided with these little comforts I should say necessaries." He opened a black leather bag, scraped some soap on to a clean white handkerchief, and applied it to his wife's hand tenderly and carefully. He saw the wedding ring shine over the white skin, and gave ever so small a sigh as he tied a knot just above it. " Poor little hand !" said he caressingly, as he bent his head down towards it. "Thank you; that will do very well!" remarked his wife, putting it under the table. " Nothing like soft soap I" said he, smiling. "No," answered the lady with placed dignity. " How the boat pitches ! As you are wounded, shall I do the honours ?" said he. " You are very gallant" she replied. " Wasn't I always ?" he asked, as he reseated himself. " Always," replied the wife ; " but not to me." "My dear Mary " " Pardon me ; you're forgetting yourself !" " Not at all," returned the husband stoutly. "I repeat it. Why were you and I be unhappy toge- ther?" The vessel strained and pitched as he spoke, and orders were given upon deck, and the wind howled, and the rain beat down on the skylight above them. " There's a storm coming on," he remarked rather unnecessarily, "I am afraid there is," replied the wife. "But answer my question." "What question?" " Oh, you know,' said he irritably, " I asked you why we were always so unhappy together ? " " I might as well ask you why you were always so unkind? " said Mrs. Thirlby, "I recognise you there," said the husband; you answer one question by asking another. I remember you always aid. It used to irritate me " "Everything I did used to irritate you," inter ruined the wife, calm, and provoking. .' When it was irritating," amended Mr. Thirlby. "You found it 80," said the lady with feminine emphasis. " Of course it was-me," returned the husband ; " I was the villain husbands always are " "No; I was the termagant-wives always are!" repeated the lady. " My love, you were always good, and right, and pious, and virtuous," said Thirlby, his love of sarcasm overcoming his better sense. *' You were always provokingly proper all broken-hearted, submission, meeknesB, mildness, and downcast eyes, as if adver- ting to the world: Look here ! my monster is breaking my heart ; not that I complain ; oh, dear no : I am too good for that. He is killing me, and I am rather glad he is, I am so angelic and resigned " Mrs. Thirlby knit her brows for a moment, she hesitated between quitting the cabin and replying. Temper triumphed, and she spoke. " If so, you pursued the opposite tactics," said she. " You were all smiles, frankness, and jollity and good humour to the world; a sort of proclamation of: See what a fine, generous, open-hearted fellow I am, and yet my wife-my wicked wife-is miserable with me Oh, thank Heaven I am not your wife now ! " The ship lurched again, and Mrs. Thirlby's tea-cup fell to tháfloor, but without breaking. "You needn't get in a passion," said her husband, " nor upset the tea-things ; you're not at home now, you know. "I did not upset it ! " said the lady angrily. "Yes, you did!" "No, I didn't " > " Yes, you did " "I did not, sir " repeated the lady, tapping the table authoritatively with her undamaged hand, and so knocking off the other cups which broke into a dozen pieces. "There," said her husband, picking up the fragments carefully, and arranging them before her, " perhaps you didn't break that either?" It would be impossible to describe the extent to which handsome Mrs, Thirlby was put out by this accident. Her face darkened, and without losing its beauty, looked a thunder-storm the ox eyed Juno wrathful with Jupiter. Thirlby tried to walk the cabin. "Time has not subdued that awful temper, then ? " said he " Nor the recollection of your ill-usage," she replied. "Neither ten years or ten hundred can do that!" " Ten hundred " he remarked ; " you 'll be a fine old lady by then." "And so will you," retorted the wife : you're more than forty now ! " "Well, if I am," answered the husband angrily, '. you're five-and. thirty-no chicken either ! "One of the chief reasons that matrimonial differences are so bitter is, that each party is so well informed of the enemy's weak side. " Why, positively you're bald " enid Mrs. Thirlby, who had not before perceived the shining scalp in the centre of her husband's cranium ; " yes, quite bald at the top " Mr. Thirlby turned white with passionate was a very vain man and walked up to her as if about to make some overwhelming reply. Unfortunately, he saw that her hair was as black, as lustrous, and as rich as ever. His wife guessed his intention, and said aggravate mgly : " Poor old man, was he said, then ? " | "You know you were always a beauty," sneered the husband. Mrs. Thirlby rose from her seat and bowed, as if she said: "I know it;" which irritated her husband more than ever. " As lovely as afflicted," continued he. shall events," replied the lady, that Mrs. ? " Silence, madam ! thundered the husband. " You have too often repeated that lady's name, and I forbid" " You forbid, indeed !" cried his wife. " And pray who are you that command me ? Why should I not mention that woman's-I beg pardon lady's name ? Who is to prevent me ? Not her lover, sir," she continued, lashing herself into a rage, '. when he has ceased to be my husband." " By Jove ! " said Thirlby, " this is as it used to be but, as you say, we are separated ;" and he bent his head over the table, and drowned " For this and other mercies, Heaven make us truly thankful " Mrs. Thirlby tore the handkerchief from the scalded hand, and threw it across the table-the fragments of soap fell into the sugar-basin. " "What a noble vengeance I " continued he in a pompous tone. " What greatness ! what magnanimity of soul ! and what a brilliant repartee ! 'Pon my word, this is refreshing ! What a meeting after ten years' absence ! The breeze without the row within. Any one could swear to us for man and wife " " Not your wife now, sir " " No, not my wife now. As I said a minute ago for this and other mercies " The lady rose to her feet. " Do not insult me, sir," she said. " I have been at peace for ten years. Do not raise feelings that-that-that " "That what ? ' asked the husband. Poor Mrs. Thirlby began to feel the effect of the motion of the vessel. " I-I-I don't feel well," she gasped. "Ah! excitement," said the husband unconcernedly. " No, sir, the BeaT mean the tea. I shall go to my berth. When we get to Kingstown you can see Franky and" Frank, Who's Franky ?" asked the husband. Mrs. Thirlby looked him full in the face as she answered, " Your son, sir !" Another lurch of the vessel threw Mr. Thirlby into a Beat as he repeated, " My son !" he hardly under stood the meaning of the words. " Your son and mine," said the lady ; " my dear, dear, boy Frank !" Something rose to the husband's throat and eyes as he looked first up and then down at his long-lost wife, as the position of the cabin-floor hoisted or lowered her. " He was born three months after your departure," continued Mrs. Thirlby. " Why did I not know of it ?" " I kept it out of the papers purposely," said the wife. " And you called him Francis, said the now thoroughly humbled husband. " Yes after his father." " Thank you, Maria that was kind." " My duty nothing more," said the lady. " How old is he?" " Ten in August-on the fifth." " God bless him ! " said the father, " Is he hand- some r" "Oh ! very-very handsome," said the mother. " A-at all like men" inquired the father, " Like what you were-very," " And in his manner ? " " He is passionate in the extreme : like what you were very. Here is a letter I had from him last Thursday. He is on a visit to my cousin, who was married to Colonel O'Grady three years ago." The father took the letter, and held it under the shaking lamp. The gale had blown itself into a perfect storm, and he could hardly keep upon his feet as he read the large school-boy hand : " My dear, dear Mamma I am so glad that you are so soon coming. I have no news. I am quite well Preddy's pony hurt one of his knees yesterday. We go to Sandy Mount every day. Aunt sends her love so does Freddy. God bless you. Your affectionate Frank 18." " Merrion-square, Dublin, Ireland." The letter was read and re-read till the lines became blurred and indistinct, and a deep sob heaved up from the father's heart as he stretched forth his hand to his wife, and said " Maria, forgive me !" But Mrs. Thirlby remained silent and impassive. " For the sake of our boy," he urged, the child of whose existence I was unaware-till-till-forgive me!" "Do you wish to keep the letter?"-inquired the wife. " " With your permission. Do you ever speak to him of me?" " Often !" " O Maria, let us be friends !" Mrs. Thirlby answered slowly and deliberately, with a pause between every third or fourth word : "After an absence of more than ten years-meeting so unexpectedly you could not control-your violent and sarcastic nature-I will Nor be-its victim. I pardon what is past-but-when I leave this boat we never meet again !" " Maria "-he tried to take her hand, but she withdrew it-." can't you forgive me ?" " The past-yes : the future I will not trust in your hands. As I said, when we leave this boat " The stewardess entered the cabin suddenly by the stairs leading to the deck. The door was heard to lock behind Tier, and there was a noise overhead as of shutting and fastening. She staggered forward, and said in a low, calm, resigned, but trembling voice : " If you would wish to pray, do so at once ; we are expected to go down every minute !" , Thirlby looked at her for an instant, then taking his wife up in his arms, rushed to the cabin door. "We are fastened down !" said the stewardess with terrible calmness. " The crew is in the rigging. I shall go to my cabin, and meet it there. Oh, pray for your soul's sake, for we have not long to live !" She went to her own little cabin at the side, and shut the door. Husband and wife were locked in each other's arms. How poor and paltry seemed their enmities and jealousies, their poisoned arrows of speech and verbal victories ! Eternity was near them, and about them, lashing at the shaking vessel's sides, howling for them in the wind, roaring for thorn in the sea ! The ship palpitated like a timid hare, as though eager to offer human victims to appease the hungry elements, and save itself. Neither spoke; but a long, endearing kiss proclaimed mutual forgiveness then heart beat- ing against heart, hand in hand, their fingers intertwined within each other, they knelt and prayed. In his height of health and pride of sarcasm, "Thirlby sometimes scoffed at religion, and ridiculed his wife's strict observances with considerable humour into, ' he felt sure that she was right, and cheek to cheek and lip to lip uttered fervent prayers for heavenly pardon and her safety. Only once during the night the world came back to him, when he sobbed out I shall never see my boy !" And minute after minute, each longer than the last, passed away ; every succeeding shock and lurch of the frail boat, they expected to feel the floor sink under them, and the water pour down into their cushioned sea-tomb. A violent crash shook the ship from stem to stern ; the cabin lamp fell shivered into atoms, and all was darkness. They clutched tightly hold of each other, and thought their time had come. The night passed. A ribbon of gray light in the horizon separated sea from sky ; the gray grew whiter and more bright-it was morning. Husband and wife looked into each other's haggard faces ; they had thought they should never see them more. The daylight was an inexpressible relief ; they should not perish in the dark. Light was the breath of Heaven ! They were not forgotten ! "Think you there is any hope?" whispered the wife, almost afraid to trust the sound of her own voice. As she spoke, there was a noise upon the deck, and the sounds of sea and wind, and straining bonds and creaking cordage grew more audible. The cabin door flew open, and the steward, wet as from a bath, and his face bleeding, looked in. " All right " he gasped : " were saved saved Where's my missus Jane, dear, open the door were saved, I tell you !" The stewardess opened the door, and both couples repaired to the deck. " We shall weather it, praised be God ! said the white-haired captain. " Who would have thought this six hours ago ? " " Maria ! " " Hush ! we have received a severe and proper punishment for our presumption and our crime." A steam-tug: came out to their rescue, and carried them safely into Kingstown harbour. There was a smiling lady, a moustached gentleman, and a hand some yellow-haired boy awaiting them. "Mamma my dear, dear mamma!" cried the young gentleman with undisguised ecstacy. " Franky, my own. Here's papa !" " Papa !" said the boy, rounding his eyes. " Papa from India ?" , "Yes, dear." Mr Thirlby !" said Mrs O'Grady. T " Had you forgotten me, Elinor ?" said that gentleman. " Mamma, why hasn't papa been with you before, when" " Hush, dear !" said the mother. Mr. The by did not return to India and both his and his wife's name are always set down for a handsome sum in all subscriptions for life-boats, or preser- vations from shipwreck.- Chambers' Journal. 