ANTI-HUMBUG. MALDON TRINITY CHURCH. The ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the Holy Trinity Church was performed on "Wednesday afternoon Ijy the Rev. Archibald -Crawford, Archdeacon of Castlemaine. A procession was formed, and marched from the school room, High-street, to the church building, in the following order:—The scholars of the Church of England Sunday -School; the Architect, Chairman of Church Committee, and the Contractor; Members of the Committee, two and two ;'Members of the Medical and Legal professions; the Clergy, represented by the Archdeacon, and the Rev. li. Stephens. A few ladies occupied a raised platform, provided for the occasion by the contractor. The proceedings -were -commenced by a prayer'from the Archdeacon, and the reading of a portion of scripture suitable for the occasion. The Archdeacon then deposited a bottle in thecavity under die stone. - The bottle contained copies of the local newspapers, and the CftnhA of England Record, anda.scrollon which was recorded the date of tlie stone hung laid, names of the ministry, committe, architect, contractor, etc. . : Mr. .HOENSBY presented a siver trowel, on which was a suitable' inscription,* to the Archdeacon, and tho Jicv. gentleman said he accepted the sauie with feelings of great gratitude. He should keep it as a cherished recollection ofthe good will borne him by the contractor and the committee and as a record of the ceremony he was about to perform. T The AECHDEACON then spread some mortar over the. cavity, and the stone was lowered by the workmen. -The Bev."gentleman declaring the foundation -stone of the Church of the holy aud undivided Trinity laid, in the name of the Father," the Son, and "the Holy Ghost: The stone was adjusted: by the aid of the square JeveL etc., aud pronounced to bedulyand properly laid.... After an earnest and eloquent address by tlie Archdeacou, -and a few remarks from the Bev. B. Stephens, a. collection was .made in aid of the church, and . the proceedings were terminated' bytheArchde^conpronouiuang the Benediction. . "The trowel is a veiy .elegant piece of wprkmanship by Mr. A Honneus, of High-street - "There were two nbticeahle omissionsfrom the procession, vis^ the Municipal Council, and the clergymen of the other religions bodies on. Maldon. i- WJien completed the church will afiiprd accomodation for about 200 -worshippers. The style of vdiitechne^adopted is the'Early English, hut -the amount-ofcost being limited to a comparatively small sum, ornamentation could not be employed.- The principal material will be blue rag stone, with dressings of grey granite. The whole length, inside the buildiug, is 45 ft. ; the width, 25lt. Accommodation ..will, be afforded for about 200' worshippers. The roof* will be composed of trussed rafters of colonial timber, dressed, and chamfered, with dressed deal sarking, combining a simple appearance with great security, durability and economy of material. The estimated cost of the whole (ex- - elusive of fittings) is j£790 "In the evening a tea meeting was held in the Masonic Hall, the attendance at which was so Luge that the.guc.sts wore entertained in relays as' the room proved insufficient to accommodate them all at one time. 4 The ladies, who generously furnished the tables, -also did the honors, .and the faro was most excellent in quality and so ample in quantity, that notwith- -standing-the repeated attacks, many "basketaful" remained to be gathered up. At the conclusion of the tea the tables were removed for the more.convenieht seating of the audience.: The Venerable Archdeacon took the chair—and called on Mr. Martin who read, the report of the Church 'Building Committee,"of which, the following is a summary. The committee had been in communication with ! the hbn.' MT. A'Beckett, the Begistrar, who had'stated that on compliance -with 1 c&rtain; specified require-, mcnts, a sum equal t& that subscribed , at Maidon would 'be "granted by the Government Those conditions ih&d; been complied with, and : the sum (£200) required by the .Government had been more than doubled,' they had consequently receivedan intimation from the hon. flie Iwgistrar, that a snm. of £400.1iad bben set apart for a church at Maldon.' "The tender of Messrs. -Hornsbyasid Briscbe, for the erection of a building' capable of seating 200 persons had been accepted, and the-ceremony of laying the foundation ;'stone wpnld fprove to all -who: witnessedit; that (lie contractors were progressirig rapidly with .theii; work. . The amount of their contract, .£790, was only for the shell of 1 the building: and a further outlay of perhaps 2002 would probably be required to render itfit for .the solemnisation of public worship. The liabilities of the committee were then' about 71i. Thus a total sum of about 27 lZ had yet;to_be obtained io bring the Efforts'of the committee to a successful issue. ' * ; The REV. CHAIRMAN contrasted the prospects and appearance,of -the church in Maldon then, in the presence OF;, that brilliant and numerous assemblage, to the time when he at the solicitation of some few persons came up from an adjoining parish to conduct the service and adminMerthe sacrameVit to some six or seven communicants,, and he blessed God for the change. He liked meetings that brought them together as these tea meetings did, and thought such =meeting3*night'.be made instrumental of much good. ' *There was a feubject— one that he particularly wished to impress the importance of upon them—and that was education The importance of that question could not £>c too highly estimated, the future of the col<jny depended-on the" 1 nature andvalue ofthe training bestowed on the youth ofthe present time. To convince them that his opinion on the subject on which he was about to address them—his audience—was entitled to some -weight' ;•• he Wduld mention that he was for very many years and in various ways connected with" tuition, aud for a long period had the supervision of sixteen parochial schools. He did not wish to enter into the political aspect of the educational .question, but vet it was to a certain extent inseparablc tonilt They would shortly be called uppnto elect, their representative! in the Legislature, and it was their duty to have some settled convictions on the allimportant subject of education. For himself he objected to both thie.systems mow obtaining." As the Denominational sj^tem on the one hand presented efficient education by the multiplication of little schools, whilst the so-called National system on the other hand did not properly provide for the christian instruction of the children. The system he trusted to see adopted was one that would be truly national one that would acknowledge the bible and provido for its daily studybut not to question the pupils on any • creed or catechismn. He was aware that there would be one denomination that would take exception to this and that was the Boman Catholic body; he knew they objected to the reading of the holy scriptures in schools. Then he would say let them have a eum of money proportioned to their number and let them carry bnt their own system. At present the system of education was a contemptible farce. The rev. gentleman illustrated his argument by relating some striking instances of inefficiency on the part of school masters which Bad come under his notice and impressed on the attention of his hearers -the necessity for a system of education which should provide large schools so as to insure a proper subdivision of labor in the teaching; as it was simply impossible under the present system of small schools for the pupils to derive that benefit from their teaching that it was right and necessary they should. Dr. PHBSHAW, at the request of the Chairman, addressed the meeting, and expatiated at seme length on the nature of the components of atmospheric air, and the necessity for having churches and all other public buildings properly ventilated. The Bev. Mr. PLAIDS, late of South Australia, advocated in an argumentative speech, the cause of state aid. The Bev. R. STEVENS, and Messrs. Hornsby and Tomlinson delivered short addresses in support of "Thanks to the ladies " for their indefatigable exertions which were warmly applauded. •Hie CHOIB, who performed some selections of sacred music in the . intervals between the speaker^ were thanked for their services at the instance of Mr. Martin, and the '•' Dismission " closed the proceedings. Yesterday, afternoon the' scholars of the Church of England Sunday School, to the number of 100, were regaled with tea, Ac., by the teachers, they then marched round the town, and on retiring to the school-room were sup^ pljed with cake, nuts, <fec. Snitable addresses were delivered by the Bev. B. -Stephens and Mr. Hornsby, and the children then departed to their homes no doubt highly delighted with the fere provided. J 