HOLMBY HOUSE. A TAIE OF eU> ROBOT AltPTONBHrUE. BT O. J. VT. MKI.TILLK. CHAPTER XL. 'TUB PBOTEST.' As a venturous swimmer striking ont fearlessly from the bank finds himself carried downward by the current far lower tlian be intended, and discovers that all his energies, all his powers, will irá severely taxed to make good his landing on the opposite stare, so doth he who embarks an the Btream of political lifo learn to his cost that the river rans swifter still as it gets deeper, and that if he would keep bis bead above the surface, rather than sink into obli vioD, he most consent to be borne onwards, in defiance of his own better judgment, at the mercy of the flood. George Effingham had long ago cost in his lot with the Parliament ; ot what avail was his single arm to arrest the desperate measures, meosnreswhich hadnow become necessary to the existence of that body, clinging asitdidto the shadow of power whereof the substance was already in the iron grasp of the Dictator. Effingham had won a position such as would have satisfied the ambition of any ordinary man, stich as any ordinary would have made considerable sacrifices of con- science and feelings to retain, bab George was not an ordinary mon, and his character was altered, his heart softened by the ordeal he had undergone. Long ago he hod dreamt of religions freedom; of personal and rtolitical liberty, of a monarchy based on those utopian principles- -which form tho foundations of all theoretical governments, which men will see carried out when tba golden age comos back once more .and for the realiration of these visions he had beeii content Ho give np friends, paj military bonoar, ail the bot.1«« that make Ufa dearest i .weateat, and to wade knee-deep in blood and guilt for 1 establishment of peace and holiness on earth. It was i to find th» conviction growing stronger on him dav by t that he bad been mistaken-that the party be had Jo« was no whit lesa ambitious, less selfish, less intolerant, a leas tyrannical, than that which he bad laft ; to see t leaven of ambition, the rest le JS thirst for self-aggrandi; ment, as strong in the formal Puritan as in the diasoh Cavalier, to be forced to acknowledge that the son of t Lincolnshire grazier could be no less regardless of princip and defiant of conséquences than the scion of the Stuar and to watch with horrified gaze the inevitable approach that tragedy in which it was never hts intention to po ticipate. He had been a stern pitiless msn once, a man who wou have hesitated at nothing in the execution of a parpe which he had determined it wss hts dnty to fulfil, but mai influences had combined to temper the strength and hara! ness of his original character; the habits of high oommai j bad accustomed bim to a broader and consequently a mo tolerant view of men and things j tba practice cf that tri religion of which the very essence is the 'Charity th thinketh no evil,' had brought out, as it never fails to d the kindlier impulses of his nature, and the chastening hat of sorrow had taught even proud George Effingham that I must bow resignedly to a stronger will than bis own. The; was little left of the haughty unbending; soldier, save tl gallant spirit that still could not be brought to acknowledj fear of any man that ever stepped the earth. ' He bsd been present during the King's trial in Wesl minster Hall. He had loudly remonstrated against the dil respect with which his Majesty was treated during th ceremony. He had rebuked Hacker sufficiently sharply fe his intemperate and unofficer-like conduct, anti he hod eve recognised the well- known form of Grace Allanby shrinkin behind the two Cavalier ladies who stood forward so proud! to vindicate their loyalty even in that moment of dangei It was painful to see her again, bnt George was accuslome to pain now-what did it matter T She was married to bi old comrade by this time, of course, his old com ru Je whor he had himself saved to give her, bis old comrade who wa within three paces of him all the time, bat whom he did na detect nnder the disguise of .a Parliamentary mnsketeei From feelings of delicacy he had kept aloof from all oom raunication with the family of her whom he felt he had lest it was enough that ha had done all in his power to mak her happy, and he hoped Bbe toa* happy, and had forgottei him altogether, at least so he told himself ; and yet, perhaps it would not affeot him Inconsolably to hare known that sh was pining and solitary, and that Humphrey Bosville hoi neither seen her nor heard from her sinoe his release. Each day Effingham attended the trial, and when it wa concluded, contrary to his wont, he made no comment o remark upon a topio which engaged all voices, and occupier all thoughts ; but next morning he issned from his lodginj dressed io foll uniform as a Parliamentary Genera), an< wiih a darker brow and more compressed lip than nsua took his way, silent and pre-ocoapied, towards the resident of the most powerful man at that moment in England, Olive Cromwell. - ? It was, perhaps, with one exception, tho saddest dar a his life. Each by each his visions had all departed iron him ; each by each he had given up, first his enjoyments then his hopes, lastly his consolations. When he had re signed bis command, and repudiated all further cooneotioi with those whom he had deserted his colours to Join, who would be left to him on earth ? He could iee before hin the weary useless life, the long leaden day?, wanting evei the distraction of professional occupation, and the stimula of professional exertion. Ile would have no position, nt station in the world-he who was st that very moment om of the most important men in the kingdom ; but he nevei wavered : it waa right, and he wonld do it. God wouk find him some task to fulfil, if it was good that he shoulc have sn appointed task; and, if not, he would accept t humble lot without repining. Ouce only he thought ho« different things might have Deon, thought of a happy, quiel home, with domestic* duties and domestic pleasures, and i smile that could make a sanded floor brighter and foirei than a palace ; but he drove these visions from him with ar effort, and resolved to carry his burden, heavy as it might be, without shrinking from the labonr. Ho had got» through the crucible at last, and had learned, bold, power ful, and successful as ho was, the most difficult task of all, to bear, humbly, resignedly, and without a murmur. .As he strode resolutely along he overtook a female figure that he seemed instinctively to recognise, although, pre- occupied as he was, he had senrcoly noticed its movements or appearance. It stopped as he approached, and putting back its hood, disclosed an extremely comely lace, blushing to the very od ge of its oap at itt recognition in tho open street by so distinguished a personngo as General Effingham. ' No offence. General,' exclaimed Faith; curtseying, for indeed it was no other than Grace Allonby's waiting-maid drown into a sedate and matronly personage. 'No offence, I hope, but when I looked bock and saw it was yon and none other, I couldn't help stopping, just for old times' sake. Ah 1 great changes have taken place, General, since yon've seen me and my young lady; but, dear me, ¡t's a world of on»»«, --a -<-~>¡l. W» thmwht ot ,mv taking up at last with Hugh Oymooke I but no oilunce, lienorai, x nuinuir hope.' Faith droppo I another curtsey, and looked very demure and pretty os she did so. George muttered a few unintelligible words of greeting. The distinguished officer was far more agitated at this chance meeting than theliumblo waiting- moid. He stam- mered out at last a confused inquiry as to tho well-being of « Mistress Give, and-and - MUtreaU Grace,' he could noe trust him-olf to add her maiden surname now, lest she should have ohangod it for another. ? 'Alack ! General,' answered Faith, ' tru'y they are DI at ease. Indeed, the world never seems to have gone rightly with us since poor Sir Giles Allonby went to bis account; and theie's my Lord lying Bick in hts lodging down ho e by Whitehall, and my good-man, that's Dymocke- Hugh Dymnoke-askingyour purd <n, General,you remember him,' quoth Faith» with another blush and another curtsoy ; ' ho s an altered man since they took the |ioor young Major, and Mistress Grace, she takes on sadly to get no notes of kim, for dead or lt*o he might bp, and none .of us one whit the wiser ; anil as for Mistress Cave, it's never a word, good nor bad, seo says to any one, but walks about pale and silent like a ghost ; and I'm scarcely half so merry as 1 used to be, thouuh that'« not to be expected, of course ; and indeed I never thought to see such days as these, though I m suro when I took Hugh Dymockc, 1 humbly boped it was all for tho best.' She stopped to take breath, »nd George, who had hy this time recovered bis composure, observed with considerable Biniplioity, 'I thought your young lady had.by this timo followed your good example, Mistress Dymooke, and was married.' 'Married 1' echoed Faith, with a lnu¿h of dorision ; 'not she-and novar likely to be ; she's a sweet jounpf lady, Mistress Grace, and a winsome, but Bbc's boen looking too long for the straight stick in tho wood, and after rejecting thU one and that one, here and there, she'll come out into the fields again and never find what she seeks. It was but yesterday I said to her as I was doing her bair-for leave her I never will till I see tho colour in her cheeks once more-" ont of such a number," says I, " Mistress Grace, it ought not to be so hard to chooso." " Nerer spejk of ii, Faith," Bays she, taking mo up mighty short, and turning to pale, poor thing. "And why not?" i ava I, for I can bs bold enough when I like, and I was determined once for all I'd know now and about it. " Isn't there gallants here and gallants there, all ready to fling themselves at your feet? Wasn't there Major Öosvillo, and many another of the Cavaliers that wonld have gone barefoot to Palestine and back again only for a touch of your band ; and now that the Parliament's uppermost, and the Und is purged, ni they call it, from vanity, couldn't yon pick and choose among tbe saints, God-fearing men though they be?" With that she fired np os red as scarlet. "How dare you, Faith," says she; "leave me this instant!" bnt she turned quite whito again, and was all of a tremble, and I heard her muttering like "Never a Rebel, for the old father's sake," and though I was forced to do as she bid me, and go out of the room, I made bold to peep through'the keyhole, and Bhe had flung herself down en her kneea by the bedside, and was weeping ss if her heart would break. Ob! she'll nor er marry now, ¡ won't Mistress Grace. And as for the poor young major, i that they moke such a talk about, it's my belief that Mis- tress CQTB loves him a deal better than my young; lady ever did, though I dnraVt ask /ter such a question, not tb save my life t' : Having arrived at her destination, and the end of her disclosures at the same moment, Faith deemed it incumbent on her to point out the house now occupied by Lord Vaux and his relatives, which was indeed on the opposite aide of the street, and to invite the general on her own account to step in and see his old friends once more. George was sorely tempted to break through all his good resolutions ; but ne had a duty to fulfil, and he determined until the task was accomplished he would suffer no human weaknesses, no earthly considerations to turn him aside from the path of truth and honour. The waiting-maid's revelations had indeed made sad havoc of the diul mental equilibrium he had sworn to preserve. It was much to learn that Grace was still free ; muoh to hear that her antipathy to a rebel conld create such a turmoil in her feelings. He was no fool, George Effingham, and who shall Mama him if he drew his own conclusions, and became conscious that hopes which he bad stifled and eradicated with the strong hana only wanted a-favourable opportunity to germinate and blossom once more t Nevertheless, he would not permit him-olf to dwell for more thsn an instant on the dream that had ao affected his outer life ; but taking m court eons leave of Faith, and forcing, on ber at tho same time a munificent wedding present, he pursued his walk with even, a r firmer step and st more resolute brow than before. J ' I rf Jf one»ïortlio«»goh8wmi8trnTigto»(k>fS«<I.ol)«t defiance of danger, lie conM. have faced the desdJiest no« with positife exaltation'and delight. It wa* the 29th of January, and rJentenaiit-Gei Cromwell's leisure was not likely to be at the disjotai o firat comer ; neTertbeless the »entry at his door mude I for Effingham to pass with a military salute, and, all very brief interval fit waiting ¡a an ante-room, a pale agitated secretar jr ushered George into the presence oi Lieutenant-General, with a grave apok>gry that so di: gabbed a terrant of the Parliament should be kepi attendance even for a few minutes. _ Cromwell was standing in the middle of the room, att with hu usual ptain simplicity, but somewhat more caref than his wont: The pale secretary reseated himself after entrance of Effingham, and continued h's occupation writing from tbe Lieutenant-General's dictation, bot hand »as so unsteady that it »hook even tbs mamre ta on which he leaned his arm. His master took a al turn or two ap and down the room, and for tome «ine did not appear to notice the new arrival. George had ti to scan him minutely. He had been familiar with him a long period, had watched him in many an emergency difficulty and danger, yet had he never aeon him truite 1 what he was now. In the turmoil of battle, in the critical momenta on wh his own destiny and that of England depended, it w*i part of the mau to become cooler and cooler ai the p .hiokoned. His cheek would glow and his «yo wot brighten when leading the Ironside» to a successful charj but should their advance be cheeked and the scales victory hang doubtful in the balance, those plain bea features seemed, to settle into lineaments of iron. Nc though the orders he was enunciating were but trifli matters of military detail, a faint sallow flash carne and we over his countenance, and the large Hp« twitched and trei bled, while the broad jaw beneath them closed ever and an with a convulsive clasp. He seemed to apeak mechanical and with his thoughts fixed on some tonio far distant frc tho strategical movements he was directing, and ho start« -positively started- when in one of his short restless tur he encountered George Ellimrham. There were but those three in the room-the pa secretary bowing his head over his writinsr, the Parlismei tory officer loftily confronting his chief, and the Diotat himself, hiding- an air of remorse, irritation, and porplexii nader an assumption of more Ulan military brevity at decision. ' What would you,' demanded Cromwell, bis brow darice ins; as, with tho perspicuity of all great men, he ree Ef&ngham;'s face like a book-' what would you with tu i this press of business? . Be brief, for the time is short, ax lo ! even now the hour is at band.* 'I come to resign my commission into your Excellency babds,' answered Effingham in alow steady tones, tmphat aa they were sorrowful. ' I come to demand my dismissi from your Excellency's service. I come to protest agaim the murder of diaries Stuart ' Cromwell's brow had grown darker and darker as U officer went on j hub when he roached his climax, all tl wrath he had so long repressed, all the accumulated feolinc of self-reproach which hod burdened him for days, brol forth in a burst of uncontrollable fury. His face beean purple, his features swelled, and his eyes glowed like coal aa, with a shout that made the pale secretary start ont i his ohair, be thundered forth ' Out upon you, George Effingham 1 vile traitor an doubly-dyed renegade-will you pat your hand to th plough and dara now to look bock ! . Will you ooma into th Lord's vineyard, and shrink like a coward from your shar of the work ? God do so to me and more also if I lay na your head as low before evensong- a* that of Charles Stuar will lie to-morrow, to spare whom I take Heaven to witnes I would give my right arm-yea, the vary applo of min eyet' George had nerve aa well as courage. He remained per feotly firm and erect during this outbreak, and at its con alusión repeated, in tones if possible moro distinct am accusatory than before, ' I protest against the murder o Charles Stuart 1' Wo have already said that a stern daring akin to his owi novcr failed to touch tho keystone ef Cromwell's character His wrath abated as rapidly as it had arisen. With tlx inevitable self-deception of - all who would fain stretch con- science too far, he was willing to vindioato his actions to hi: subordinate, though ho felt lie could not justify them ti himsolf. Ferbaps something witbin told him thal, had he been in Kflinghani's position, he would hare acted in thc same manner. ' Nay, I do wrong thus to chafe that thou art still In I darkness,' said he, with a strong effort at composure, and a countenance paling rapidly now that his natural violence ol temper had expendotl itself. ' Thou art a tried comrade, Elliughani) and a fellow- labourer in the good work ¡ yet it may be that thine eyes have not been opened, and thou canst not see the hand of the Lord in our dealings' with this man of blood. I would not bö hasty with thee, my trusty friend. Take baok thy resignation, and forget tfist thou hast thus bearded one of the Lord's appointed servants ia tho execution of bis work.1 Cromwell turned to his secretary ns if to continuo the I proviens employment which Effingham'* presence had inter 1 UL#|A«, Onu lUltill M w".« m*.jvv, - M) UV" WUU.tlUtU between them ; but George was not to be thus, nut olf. Eyeing the Lieutonant- Generol gravely and sternly, ho once I more placed hi« writtcn'roslgnntioti in Ids hands. 'I will no longer serve,' said he,' 'with those who sot nt I naught the Divine ordinance, and dip their hands iu blood I for the coourity of tlioir temporal power. How shall I answer at the Great Day when the life of Charles Stuart, j king though he be, is required at my hands, and 1 stand I canviotcd of aiding and abetting in his murder-aye his murder, General Cromwell, of whom the Scripture iUolt hath said, 'Touoh not mino Anointed?'. How wilt thou answer, for it t by sol f there, who canst not give an account of it that shall satisfy mankind even here / _ Cromwell paced tho room with rapid and irregular stride?, his hands folded togethor, and the' lingera entwining each i other os of one in tho extrome of perplexity. His features worked und troubled with tbo conflict of. his emotions, »nd hi» breath carno short and quick as ho mattered out his vin- dication partly to himself and partly to the bravo captain, whoso defiance bo could not but admire. 'It is not for me to answer it - surely not only for mel Do I stand alono ninongst tho pcoplo of England ! Am I nt once accuser, judge, and executioner in my own peraor. ? By tho verdict of sixty Just men ; by tho decree of a nation pronounced throuih its Parliament ; by tho laws of God and man-tho head of tho unrighteous hath lie n doomed to full, and shall I alono bo called to gi vu account for it hero and hereafter? And yot can you divide bloodguilti ness by figures, and meet out the portions of crime as ono mecteth ont corn in a bushel ! Nay, it. is a J mt decree, and by ¡ts justice must wo stand or fall-Council and Com- mons, Peers and Parliament, down to tho meanest trooper of the army-and let nono Bhrink from his share of tho groat work in which all are alike bound to takoa part.' ,'Ton can save him if you will,* said Euiiigham, fixing his oyo oalmy on tho agitated countenance of Iiis poworful superior, the pole secretary looking at tho pleader the while as ono who watches a man placing his head volun- tarily in tho lion's maw. 'Nona can save him now,' answered Cromwell in grave, Íiraphetio tonos, ' but He in whoso hands oro the issues of ifo and death. What am 1 hut a sword in the grasp of the stayer-an instrument forged to do the bidding of tho saints, the despised and jeered saints, that liavo yet _ triumphed in dcspito of tht ir enemies ? Albeit the lowest and the humblest in that goodly commu- nion, I will not flinch from the duty that wuer and holier men than I have set mo to perform.* "It is capedient for ns that one man shanld die for tho people, and that the whole nation perish not." Enough ot this, George Effing- ham-thon in whom I bavo trusted, who wort to mo oven aa a brother, go out from among ns, if it roast be so, lest a worse thing befall theo. He that is not with na ii against ns. Go out from among ns, George Efiinghaiu, falso sad unprofitable servant 1 Begone, and soe my luce no more I* Cromwell turned from him angrily and obrnptly. He had lashed himself into wrath again, and the imploring looks of the secretary warned Effingham to withdraw. He placed his resignation on the tablo, and keeping his oyo on Crom- well, whoso averted face and troubled gestures betrayed the storm within, walked steadily from . the room. As he reached theadoor tho Lieutenant-General was heard to matter, ' It is the Lord's doing ! It is the Atonement of Blood!' - . Tbe Council were already assembled in the _ Painted Chamber, and were waiting hut for him who was indeed as their very right arm and tho breath of their nostrils. 'While Effingham walked home afoot, a ruined, and in tho ores of his own world a dogrnded mau, Liontenant-General Crom- well stepped Crom his coach amidst the clang of arms sad the deferential stare of the populoco, the most powerful individual in England. Whioh of tho two looked back on tba 29th of January with the most tranquil heart? Out the fnture Lord Protactor was by thia time fully nerved for the stem measures ho had undertaken to carry out. If his conscience told bim that the lire of Charles Stuart would ba required at his hands, was not tho ¡ron will powerful enough to stifle tho still small voice ? Could not Ambition and Fanaticism, the ambition that had originated in Patriotism, the Fanaticism that had once boen piety, marah hand-in-hand to their triumph, calling themselves Ditty and Necessity? Was Cromwell tho first who ever farced himself to believe that honour and interest pointed to the saine path, or the only man who has persuaded himself he waa a tool in the hoads of the Almighty whilst he was doing the devil's work? Saint or hypocrite, patriot or tu arpar-perhaps a mixturo of all-con we Judge of his temptations or realise to ourselves the extremity to which bb found himself reduced? Sacrilege or justice, erina or dnty, he went about it with a bold brow and a steady band. . bmall deliberation did they, hold, tho o gloomy men who met in the Painted Chamber Their nerves were strang. . their minds nude np, they had even leisure ia trifle with tncñ awfal task ; and the ink that was to witness the shedding of as king's blood was flirted from one to another in ghastly mockery of sport. The DEATH WABRAHT lay before them, the merciless document that pronounced ' Charles Stuart, King of .England, to stand convicted, attainted,"and ona denned of high treason and other high crimes ;' that sen- tenced1 him 'To be pat to death by the severing of his head from ho» body, of which sentence execution yet remaineth to be done. These are therefore to will and require you to seo the said sentence executed in the open street before White ball upon th« morrow, being the thirtieth day of this instan* month of January, between the hours of ten in the morning; and fire in the afternoon, wita foH effect. And for so doing;, this shall be your warrant. 'And these ar* to require all officers and soldiers and? others the good people of this nation of England, to bs« assisting nato you ia this service. Given under our hand» and seals.' And then they signed their names In foll, thus r-» .Joni« BRADSHAW. ' TnoMA» GsET, Loan Gao BX. ' OLIVIE CBOMWKLL.' (And fifty-six others.) And the third signature-was written in the steadiest EancT amongst them all. (To be continued.) Dst. JOHNSON.-She goes ou to say tbat wbèn s be and her busband oillod on Johnson ona morning- io thia oourt (Johnson's Court, Fleet-ttreet,) he gave way tot gush an uncontrolled burst of despair regarding thc* world to oom?, that Mr. Tbrale tried to atop bi* mouth* by placing one band before it, and before leaving bim desired ber to prevail on him to quit bia close habita- tion for a period, and come with them to Streatham. Her complied, and took up bis abode with them (rom before* Midsummer till after Miobaelmaa in that year. Durinaj the next sixteen years a room in their bouse waa set .«part for bim. The prinoipal difficulty at first was to> induce him to live peaoeably with her mother, who tookr . strong dislike to bim, and constantly led ibe conver- sation to topies whioh be detested, snob as foreign new as and polities. He revenged himself by writing to the) newspapers accounts sf events whioh never bsppene«V tor ibu sole purpose of mystifying ber ; and probably more than one of bia mischievous fiitions have passed current for history. They made up their différence» before her deatb, and . Latin epitaph ol th» most eulogistic order from his pen is inscribed upon her tomb. It had been well for 3frr. Thrale and her guests if there bad exist ad no mote serions objeotion to Johnson as an inmate.. At- ibe oommenoement of the acquaintor.oa he was fifty- six-, an age when babita are ordinarily fixed ; and many of his were of a kind whioh it required no common tamper and taet to tolerate or control, They had been formed at a period wk -n he waa frequently aubjeoted to tb» worst extremities of humiliating poverty and want. He de- scribes Savage without money to pay for a nfgVt'a I orig- , lng in a cellar, walking about the streets till ha waar weary, and sleeping in the summer upon ? bulk, or ina the winter amongst the ashes of a glass-house. Ho wast. Savage's associate on more than one oooasioo of the sort. Whilst at eollege he threw away the shoes whiob werai left at his door to replaoe the worn.»ut pair in whioh bet appeared daily. His olothes wore in so tattered a ateter whilst be was writing for tho Gentleman's Magazine that, instead of taking bis sest at Cave's table, he sate behind a screen, and had bis victuals sent to him. Talking of the symptoms of Christopher Smart's madness, ba saieV " Another charge was that he did not love clean lin erv and I have no passion for it. In general bis wigs waver very shabby, and their foreparts were burned away by ? the near approaob of the oandle, whioh h¡8 short-sighted noss rendered neoessary in reading. At Stra ttham M rv Thralo's valet bad always a better wig ready, will» which bo met Johnson at the parlour door when dinner was announced, and, as ho went np- stairs to bed, tbs same maa followed him with another. One of bis appli- cations to Cave for a trifling ndvaneo of money is signed Im^ransus ; and he told Boswell that bo oould fist twa dav's without fnoonveaieno?, and bad never been hangry but once. What hu meant by hungry is not caty to ex- plain, for his every day manner of eating waa tbat of a* half-famiahed man. When at table he was totally ab- sorbed in the business of the moment; his looks weif» riveted to bis plate till he had satisfied bis appetite* whioh waa indulged with suoh intenseness tbat tba veins of his forehead swolled, and generally a strong: perspiration was visible. Until ho left off drinking; fermented liquors altogether, he noted on the maxim, "ol ar ot for boys, port for men, brandy for heroes." Ho pre- ferred the etrongeat because he said it did ita work (f. av intoxicate) the soonest. He used to pour capillaiie into bis port wine, and melted butter into bia chocolate. *- **" Mr. Tbaokeray lelates in bia " Irish Sketchca " that on bis asking for eurrant jelly for his venison at a publics dinner, the waiter replied, " It's all gone, your honours, but there's some capital lobster eauoelefl." This wcuIdV have sailed Johnson equally well, or better ; be was soi his plum.padding. A olergyman who on oe trev. lied witts bim relatée, " The eoaob baited as usual for dinner, whioh eoemed to be . deeply interesting bueinaas to» Johnson, who vehemently attaohod a dish of 'stewed onrp, using bis fingers only In feeding himself." Witts all this ho kff.oted great nicety of palate, and did not like being asked to a plain dinner. "It was a good dinner enough,"he would remark, "but it was not. it dinner to ask a msn to." He was BO displeased wilk the performances of a nobleman's Frenoh eook, that h av exclaimed with vehemence, "I'd throw Buoh a rascal into the river;" and in reft renee to one of bis Edin- burgh hosts he said, "As for Maolonrin'a imitation of ts. mode aish it was a wretched attempt." Hisvoioo»as> loud, and bis gesticulations, .voluntary or involuntary-., singularly unoouth. Ho had superstitions fancies about' oroBsing thresholds or squares In the osrpot with ihev right or left leg foremost, and, when he did not appear at dinner, might be fe und vainly endeavouring to pass, a particular spot in the anteroom. He loved late bouts, or more properly (says Mr. Tbrale) bated early oneei Nothing was more terrifying to him than tbe ideaoF going to bed, which he would never call going to teat, or suffer ansther to oall it so. '-Ilia down that my ac- quaintance may sleep ; but I lie down to endura oppressive misery, and Boon rise again to pas» tho nfgj.6 in anxiety and pain.". When people could bo induoed to» sit up with bim, tbey were often amply componsatedby hia rich flow of mind ; but the resulting sacrifico of health and oomfort in an establishment whore thia sitting? up became habitual was inevitably great. Instead of being grateful; he always maintained that no ono fcrboret bis own gratincatlon,for tho pnrposo of pleating another, and "if ono did sit up, it was probably to amuse one ault* Boswell excuses bia wife for not coinciding in bi* enthu- siasm by admitting tbat hie illustrions friend's irregular hours end unoouth habits, snob aa turning tbe candles*, with their ends downwards when they did not buna blight enough, and the wax drop upon tho onrpef, oould not but be displeasing to a lady. He was generally last, at breakfast, bat one morning happened to be first, and) waited some time alone; when afterwards twitted by» Mrs. Thrale with irregularity, he replied, " Madam, Ida »ot like to eome down to vacuity." If his early famili- arity with all the miseries of destitution, aggravated by disease, had increased his natural roughness and irritability, on the other it had helped largely to brine out his sterling virtues,-bis discriminating oharity, Wa- gon uina ' benevolence, his well- timed generosity, bia large-hearted sympathy with real suffering or sorrow. He said it was enough to make m plain Edan sick to hear pity lavished on a family reduced by losses to exobange'a palace fer a comfortable cottage; and when condolence WSB demanded for a lady of rank ira. mourning for a baby, he contrasted her with a washer- woman with half-a-dozen ohildran dependent on hast. daily labour for their daily bread. Lord Macaulay thu* portrays the objeots of Johnson's hospitality as soon as» be bod got a bousa to cover them. " It was the home, of the most extraordinary assemblage of inmates that: ever WSB brought together. At the bead of tho establith ment he bad placed an old lady named Williams, whoBO obief recommendations were ber blindness and Ix r poverty. But in spite of her murmurs and reproaobep, ho gave aa asylum to another lady who was aa poor ns bersolf, Mrsv Deamonlins, whose family bo had known many jests before in Staffordshire Itoom was found for tho daughter of Mrs. Desmoulins, and for another dostituts domse', who was generally addreesod BB Mrs. Carmichael. but whom her generous boat called Polly. An old quack doctor eallod Levet, who bled and dosed coalheavers and hackney coachmen, and received for fees eraste of h lead, bits of bacon, glosses of gin, and sometimes a little cop. per, completed thia menagerie."-Anecdotes cf Mr*. Prozzie (Thrale). " THB Pore's OWN " BIUOANDS.-Collalto ÍB . small glace near the Neapolitan frontier, but in tbe part of tho loman States now under Piedmontese rule. It is a mountain village and a position of great natural strength. Thither one day last week about 1300 reacticnoriea _be- took themselves, under the command of the notorious Chiavone, with whom it is said was also De Cristen. On their approach tho inhabitants took refuge in tba church, from which the doctor of the plaoe, one Latinf, again went out, when the armed men drew near to in- quire what he eame for. He was shot down upon tho. steps. His aistsr, hearing the report of firearms, and auguring evil, rn abed out, and waa killed by numeious stabs. «The brigsnds proceeded to pillage. One of the principe! persons of the place, Mari by name, was Briced and held tor a ransom of 4000 scud!-upwards of £800. He bad bat a fifth of this sum, and was compelled to , «rita to Bom 1 for tbe remainder. 