PAPIiliS BY THE ECLECTIC CLUB. 1 V.— D beams - Somnambulism — Ins ANirr. Dukamino, somnambulism, and insanity have this in common, that they are states of the mind in which its operations are no longer controlled by the will. In the case ot dreams, the mind is as active during sleep as it is when we are waking, but we take no coguisance of its operations, unless something suddenly rouses our httention, thereby necessitating an effort of volition. In somnambulism the will is more completely power less ; the unguided and wild dreams of the mind rouse the bodr tn action n-ithnnt. murine, at. the S'lirn1 time the vulitiun, and thus the somnambulist acts his dreams v, hile the ordinary dreamer at most talks in his clumbers. In insanity the will is totally and often permanently powerless ; one single idea sometimes occupies the mind, and the willis too weak to dislodge it ; or the mind is ever hurrying on from one idea to another, and the capability of fixing the attention is almost entirely destroyed. It is an error to suppose that during sleep, however sound, the mind is inactive. On tne contrary, repeated experiments have proved that it is as active as during the state of wakefulness. If wc were suddenly roused from our deepest slumbers and asked what we were thinking about, we could tell what occupied the mind at that instant of time, though, without this question, we should not have taken cognisance of our dream. We are often virtually asleep when we have the appearance of being awake, and then the mind is w onderfully active. Who has not been lulled into a dreaming state by the strains of gentle music, and when roused to wakefulness by the termination ot the performance, has been conscious of having heard only the first bars of the melody and revelled through the rest in a rapid succession of pleasurable ideas, unguided by the will and but faintly imoressed on the memory ? The mind then passes suddenly by will or by accident into a train of inward thought, whatever tne subject, and all the external objects crowded around us utterly disappear, though the physical agents producing, and the organs receiving, sensations remain precisely as before. Every sense sleeps while the mind is thus awake and active within itself. A man so occupied may be alone in a multitude. The terms absenoe of mind, abstraction, and reverie, indicate mental conditions of this kind. During sleep ordinary impressions pass unnoticed ; but impressions of a stronger kind rouse the attention, and in so doing put an end to sleep ; while those of an intermediate kind affect us in anotherway, by giving a peculiar character to our dreams. The sounds of music passing under our -windows, the peals ol distant thunder, the howling of the wind or the pattering of the rain-drops against our window-panes— all impart a peculiar character to the succession of ideas which hurry through the mind, and if any sudden interrup I tion rouse our attention and we are able to trace back the faint impressions left by the dream, we can generally connect many of its incidents with the Sensations received from external causes. Facts of i this kind have led to ttie erroneous opinion that we sever dream except while in the state of transition from being asleep to being awake. ' We]h»ve a proof of the euntrary,' Bays Sir Benjamin Brodie, ' in tne tact that nothing is more common than for persons to moan and even tulk in their sleep without awaking 1 lrom it.'' It is more probable that we never sleep ?riihout some degree of dreaming. That, when we awake, we liavc not generally a distinct roooUocuoii oFour dreams proves nothing. In the , case ofpetjona who talk in their Bleep, we often fiad that thay Vnvc not the smallest recollection afterwards of their Saving drcamf.d. It is only ihrne dreams which Xct us strongly, and which occur immediately before SB8ko from Bleep, that we really remember. If a dream be remembered longer, it is only because we have thnimhtof it after it occurred, and have thus given . . place in our memory which it would noi have obtaimd olheiwise. No lasting knowledge is acquired ?without some exertion of the will on our part ; as dreams ure tbe spontaneous operations of the mind, they leave but evanescent impressions. Some, how ever in certain stateB of the brain, still linger behind after sleep, and co-exiBt for a while with actual wake fulness. Only a few days ago on awaking I perceived what seemed to be a human figure in a white garment standing at the foot of my bed. It was as distinct as the furniture in the room j looking, however, stead fastly at it, I observed, that, although the female form wat as plain as possible, the door behind it was plainly to be seen also, and presently the figure disappeared. 'When reflecting upon this I recollected having had a dream in » liich this figure played a conspicuous part ; and tlius the whole was satisfactorily explained ; the ^ream hud merely continued after I was awake, so that ' tlie perception of the imaginary object had existed simultaneously with that of the real one.' It is probable that this is tfce history of many startling and mysterious tales of ghosts and spirits. In somnambulism the will is more powerless than In ordinary fleep ; the dre&uiB; are then acted ; and, instead 'of the mere groans, the inarticulate sentences, or the changes of attitude observable in sleep, we see the body obeying all the fancies of the mind aud yielding itself a subservient tool to its wildest woikings. I remember, when going to bed late one Slight, encountering one of my pupils on the stairs carefully carrjing his pillow in his arms. A tiny approach he quickly retreated to his room, and the next morning was perfectly unconscious of the incident. On another occasion, hearing some noiee in bis bed-room, I entered and found him dressing ; ?when I ashed him what he was deing he merely mut tered something about saying his lessons and turned into bed again, retaining no recollection of the event any more than if it had been a mere dreatn . Innu merable instances could be given of such acted dreams, al] proving the same theory that they are but the result of the senses being asleep while the mind is awake and active. They show that in such states the consciousness is occupied continuously with one idea or train of ideas and nothing can find a place that external objects and all their influences are shut out, that there is no notice taken of outer agencies save when tlicy abruptly rouse the attention to their influ ence. If somnambulists are generally selected by lecturers on mesmerism for their operations, it is that euch persons have naturally a greater tendency to lose the control which stronger individuals have over the operations of their minds. They have more delicate and excitable natures, and, when in a state of coma, cither from natural or artificial causes, yield more fully to the pressure of the mental phases that are induced 'by the agency of the mesmcriser. Setting as:.de clair voyance as an imposture on tbe credulity of our age, ' ? as the art of seeing through Those who've not got the wit to sec throug-h you, ' we may implicitly believe, not merely the physical effects of mesmerism, but also the mental operations which it induces. There is nothing strange in the fact that the meemeriser should obtain answers to the questions he puts to the somnambulist ; it is no more than can be done by any one ?who should hold a conversation with a person in his aleep, in a state of delirium, or even under the in fluence of alcohol. In all these cases the will is powerless to regulate the operations of the mind, and the sense can no longer rectify the errors of the judgment. The consciousness is only alive to the voice ot one person or the agency of one single cause. Insanity is but a lasting form of that state of which sleep and somnambulism are the transient and tempo rary types. To a certain extent we are all, at every moment of our lives, on the verge of insanity ; and there are more madmen loose among us than all our atylums could contain. Any great excitement, any sudden afHiction, may cause the mind to break down all at once, or it may yield more gradually, where the attention has been long and constantly and anxiously directed to some matter of unusual interest ; or again the mental derangement may be the result ofsome actual physical imperfection. We are liable to have our reason impaired by all these Bources of mental abetration. He, who yields blindly to the im pulse of his passions, in spite of his belter judgment, is labouring under a fit of temporary insanity. The concentration of the whole mental powers on one dominant idea, to the exclusion of all others, is enough to sheke the firmest intellect. It is because sudden calamities, and the excitement arising from the sudden acquisition of wealth, thus lay hold of the mind and lender the will powerless to shake off the domi nant idea, that these events prove so often fatal, for a season at least, to many intellects of no weak mould.. A change of scene, which can divert the attention from the disturbing cause, and turn the thoughts into new channels, is generally effectual in correcting the mental aberration in all cases where the mind is not completely broken down. The old prac tice of shutting up a man and encasing him ia a strait waistcoat as soon as he showed symptoms of mental alienation, was the surest way to settle into permanent insanity what might have been a tempo xary derangement. The days are gone by when mad men were degraded to the level of wild beasts and treated as such. Thev were then shut up in dens littered with straw, exhibited for money, and made to growl and roar for the diversion of the spectators who had paid their fee ; but now the howling madhouse has been converted into a fairy land. 'The visitor to Bedlam beholds tranquil persons walking around him, or watches them feeding the birds which abound in the aviaries. In the library, many a scholar, the silver chord of whose brain jingles for the moment out «f tune, finds a congenial atmosphere and such mate rials for study as he often could not obtain out of ?doors.' The ball that takes place on the first Monday is every month, the concerts the patients occasionally give, the theatrical representations in which they are the actors, all remind us that we have leaped a gulf in the last half century — that the madman is viewed at last in his true light— as one who dreams while awake — only one step weaker in intellect than the somnambulist who acts his dreams in a semi walking state, and only two degrees removed from the restless sleeper who mutters incoherent sentences, without, for all that, awaking to a state of conscious ness. Sydney, 10th August. 