'PRIMITIVE- -METHODIST ANNIVERSARY. A ten meeting in connexion with the anniversary of the Primitive Methodist Church in Newcastle, was held on Monday evening last, and, as stated in our last issue, a public meeting tuok place subsiquently in the large hall at the Co-operative Store The room was completely thronged, a large proportion of the audience being composed of ladies. Mr. James Corlette, J.P., occupied the chuir, and was supported by the Rev. Mr. Deun, minister of the congregation, the Rev. Mr. Hartley, of Sydney ; the Rev. Mr James, of Morpetb; the Rev. Mr. Vanderkiste. of Dungog ; the Rev. Messrs. Coutts, Bain, Gainford, and Bill, of Newcastle; and Messrs. Rogers, Thom- son, M'Phail, &c.; The proceedings were commenced by tho singing of tho 100th hymn, after which the Rev. Mr. James engaged in prayer. The Chairman then addressed the meeting, con grutulating them on the very ? numerous attendance that he saw before him, and on the fact that there were several ministers present from other Christian congregations, a circumstance thut he should like to see occur more frequently, as it would serve to shew most unmistakably, that they were not divided, but had one common object in view, to accomplish which they would work with unanimity. After some general observations, the speakur referred to Methodism in particular, and said that he remembered hearing it once stated at, home, that Methodism should bo an auxiliary to tho church— meaning thereby the estab lished Church of l.ngland— to which it had been replied, that it not only ought to be an auxiliary, but that it was so. Its advocates did not enter whuru the.i saw a flock well cured for, but they only went to look after the struggle™. Before sitting down, be could not'but allude to the pastor of the congregation, in whom they had a gentleman of considerable ability, who, from tho extotwive knowledge he possessed of the^world of which ho had seen a great. deal in dif ferent countries, was eminently qualified to do good as n min inter. Tho report of tho 42nd annual cimieronce oi tne Primitive Methodist connexion, held at Derby, in June last, was then rend by the Kev. Mr. Dean, from which it appeared'that ut that time, tho s ate of the connexion was as follows: — Number of ministers, 729, being an increass of 51 for the year;, local preachers, 11,88/', showing mi increase of .'i0:i; class leaders, 8000 increase 20.1 ; connexional chapcU, 2410,' Increase 143 ; rented ditto, 3343, increase 75; Sabbath schools, 2170, increase 143; Sabbath school teachers, 32,738, increase 1750 ; Sabbath school scholars, 180,004, increase 12,5)1; members in so ciety, iafl,3MU, increase 3278 ; 1861 members have died during tho year ; the number of hearers in Grunt Britain on the census Sabbath of 1861, was 135,392 In ton yenrs ihoio has been an increase of 178 inin s ters, 2811 local preachers, 1510 class loaders, 748 connexional chnpel?, 03 stations, 776 schools. 10,200 teachers, nnd 67,406 Hoholars. This was a great in crease, and it wan to be hoped that tltuy would go on increasing and multiplying. the Rev. Mr. Dean tuon road the following Report of the Primitive McthodUt Church, Newcastle, for the year ending November ftJrd, 1861. In presenting tholr annual report to tho Christian public, the milliner and officials of the Primitivo Methodist Church In this oily detlre to state that the past year lias been tn them and the Church over which they preside, an Important and interesting one, In November Inn, our present minis. tcraiid[ltis',f«niily arrived from England, to tcplucc our former one (Rov. H. Qroen) whoso liouhli having, fulled, noceuitatod hit return to thnt country ; and it is with pleasure ihcy elnto that, ilnoo his nrrfvn), a marked and pleasing Improvement him tnkon plaoo in tho -tata of tho station. Our congregations havo very much improved, ami jewnn^n^ im^ ijuinliero f . ghjwphj nr»oinber« h»*Re|°' number has increased from 40 to 36; 9 persons have re. ni'jved or withdrawn Irom the churcn, thu» making a nett tuUl of 25 persons who have united with tbe church. Dur ing the year there hns been contributed by the twochurchei (Uurwuodand Newcastle) toward3 tbe minister's stipend £tJ4 19». 8d. j of this amount Newcastle iixs contributed £6$ 7a. Id, being an increase in Nok castle of £'2O 2s. 7d., and an increase on the station of £26 5*. Ojd. There baa been raited for the tuppurt of our Sabbath schools, £20 Hi. 7d., vi*., NewcBMle £16, and iiurwood £VX 14s. 7d. Our schools now number about TM children and 30 teachers. The total amount contributed to the funds of the church is — Newcastle £154 Us. Id., Burwood £5'Z Vis. 7d.; total for the station, £207 Zt. 8d. The trustees have spent £35 in painting and improving the church at Newcastle, an ac count of which will be found in the treasurer's report. These improvements and alterations have added very much to the comfort and neatness of the building. They also feel plea, sure in stating that a work of grace is going on in the minds of many of the members of our congregation, which will re. suit, they trust, in the conversion of their souls to God. Our services bave truly been times of refreshing, from the presence of the Lord ; many times has the tear of the mourner been wiped away, the burden has been lifted from tbe depressed soul, the faith and love of Ood's people has been increased, »nd, iu some instances, the arm of God. has been made bar-iu the conversion of the ungodly. Hence the olficials deaire to express their thankfulness to Almighty God for the numerous favours he has bestowed upon them and this part of hit heritage— for they acknowledge the peace and prosperity which they hava enjoyed has been secured to them through' the exercise of his mercy and the communications of his grace. Apart from this their eilbrts would have proved aboitive, and all their labours useless. In copclusion, they wish to state they are anxious to paint the uuuide of the, church, to .prevent the rain from pelie. trating the walls— to reduce the debt (which is j£330)— to erect a schoolroom, and colour the walln inside the church. To enable illiem to do this, they make an appeal to the sympathy aud aid of their friends, believing their appeal will uut be in vain. Above all, theyldesire a morcVxtensive outpouring] of, the Holy Ghost, that the church universal may become bright us' the sun, fair as tbe ruoun, and terrible as an army with banners. The following is the Treasurer's account : — £ s. d. Balance in hand ? 10 12 C Mr. M'Phail, for rent ? 15 12 0 Pew rents ? 15 4 O . Collections for lighting ? C 12 9 Sabbath school towards tea service ? 2 C O Collections at re-opening ? 3 17 O Donations towards expense of painting.. IS 0 O 70 4 3 EXPENDITURE. £ s. d. To insurance ? 10 0 To advertisement ? 3 0 To cleaning church ? 2 IU U To repairs aud alterations ? 3 13 6 To candles and oil ? 7 4 b' To half-year's interest on mortgage. . . . 10 10 0 To four kerosene lamps s^nd fittings. ... 5 W 10 To painting church.... 4..^,.^ ? 25 0 0 To cleaniug clock ? .-....!.'..) ? 10 0 C2 10 10 Balancein band.............. ? 7 13 5 70 4 3 Although there wob a balance recorded, yet the trustees were actually indebted to the mortgagees in some few pounds, which therefore left them slightly in debt. The rev. gentleman then addressed the audience, and observed that they might look upon the present anniversary as a twofold one ; iu the first place as the anniversary of the Primitive Methodist Chuich, and in the next place as the meeting of the Evangelical Alliance iu Newcustle. He made this remark because ull sections of the Christian church were there represented. \xae repre.-entaiive 01 tne Episcopal establishment/was acting as their presi dent, and they had the representatives of the Scotch National Church, thu Presbyterian Free Church, the Congregational Church, two reverend gentlemen of the Wesleyan Methodists, and two brethren of their own denomination. The rev. gentleman referred at ioine length to the advantages of union, and the har mony and good eiFerts likely to result from such meeting! as the present. The Rev. Mr. Bain moved the adoption of the re QOtt, and said that it was with much pleasure that they had all heard of the prosperity of what might be termed the temporalities of the church. The increase in the membership was a most important part of the report, and doubtless it would afford the greatest pleasure to Mr. Green, who had gone home to the land of his nativity. The Rev. Mr. Gainford seconded the motion, ob serving that he had worked for many years iu con nection with tbe Methodisis, and was therefore able to give due praise to the local preuchers and class leader.', as well as the ministers. The Church of Eng land had n-iw, too, its local preachers, and amongst the miners here were many men who were able to como forward and preach the Gospel. The Rev. Mr. Dban having read the names of the contributors to the fund for painting the chapel, the root»n for the adoption of the report was put and enrr^d. The Rer, Mr. Coutts said they were troubled on the present occasion with wh-it the French culled un embarrat de richesses — thero were so many of them present. It wan uot necessary for him to muke a speech upon the occasion but he co.ld not but ex press his cordial sympathy with the objects of the meeting. Notwithstanding 'lie excellent report tliht had been read, ho hoped that the minister would have still moro reason to rejoice at the numbers yearly added to the flock of Christ. He would take the op portunity to state how much he felt thu kindness tnat had been manifested to him (Mr. Coutts) since he had tiuen ui- his residence in Newcastle. He would say, with pleasure, and with pride, too, if such a phrase were compatible with tho feelings of a minister, that, sinco lie had come amongst them, he had re ceived oilers of co-operation from every section of the Christian church — indeed, almost without a solitary exception. Mr. Dean hud suid truly that this was a meeting of the Jwuugelicul Alliance. What he was about to say might perhaps be considered heretical, but he would nevertheless state it, aud that was that he had never cordially sympathized with tea meetings got up for thr purp se of advancing Christianity. He did not think it the right is ethod, and looked upon it very much as putting the cart before thu horse. It they followed the direction of tho Lord, they would have no necessity for such things. There were, how ever, other objects, perhaps, iu tea meetings, su. h as thu collection of the necessary funds for the mainte nance of -he church. Ho had been led to this con clusion from tiio peiusal of a work which ho hail boon lately rending, viz., an account of the iuboi'3 1 f George Muller, of Bristol, who had founded un orphan insti UUion. During thirty years he had collected £150,000, without s. liciting a single penny, all by tho blessing of God, and simply by prayer. Now he hud 1000 orphans ready to go forth into 'ho world from tho institution at Ashley Down, It was altogether 0110 of the most glorious testimonies on record of tho power of prayer. ' Were they to inaugurate an union prayer meeting, he thought they would have the s mputhy and co-operation of every sect on of the Christian church. Ho could point to the wonderful effects of tho revival in Gnat Britain and America. Many members of tho ohurch had deserted them, but when God poured forth his spirit the churches bu caino crowded to overflowing, and funds poured in in abundance., Were they to endeavour to bring about something of the kind, they would see nil sec tions of tho Christian church c -operating. A hymn was then sung by the meeting. The Rev. Mr. Hcaktley said this was tho largest meeting that he had attended in the colony. It must bo most gratifying lo Mr Dean, nnd, indeed, every body, to sec ministers of tho Gospel of difl'erent branches of Christianity unite. Whon they wcro onco together, they saw that thero was not so much differ enco between them as they had been led to believo Tha conversion of people to Christ wna thu chief ob ject that they had all in view, and the diiforouccs wore only minor onea of doctrlno and discipline. Tea meet;nga wero facts that it was impossible to put down, nnd lot them turn them to good account, and make sAlvntinti meetings. of them. Tho vev. gentle mnn, after a lengthened address, concluded by calling upon tha meeting to subscribe liberally. A collection having been made, The Rev. Mr Vandehkistb mado un amusing and instructive address, strongly advocating union, The Rov. Mr. Hill moved a cordial voto of thanks to tho ladies for- their services in connection with tbote^.,' ' ,_Tho,Itpv. Mr Dbau seconded the motion, remark The Rev. Mr. James moved a. vote of thanks to the choir for their singing on the present .occasion. Mr. Rogers seconded, and in doing so paid a tri bute to the pastor, who by his conduct had contn buted so much to tbe hilarity and good feeling that prevailed. The be*t proof of the desire that there was for union was contained in the fact that they had prenent there members of all the denominations of the Protestant Christian church. On tho motion of tbe Rev. Mr. Dean, the Rpr. Mr. Coutts took the chair, it having been vacated by Mr. Corlette. Mr. Dean then moved a vote of thanks to Mr, Corlette for liis conduct in the chair. Thanks were »lno due to the different brethren for their counte nance, and he also thought they were bII much in debted to Mr. Hill for Mr. Vanderkiste's presence thnt evening, who, whether on the platform or in the pulpit, was n great acquisition. Mr. Corlette having briefly replied, The Rev. Mr Dean announced that the Rev. Mr. Heartley would deliver .1 lecture at the temperance hall on the ensuing evening, and on Thursday even ing would lecture at his ciupel. The collections on the previous day amounted to £0 lls. 4d,, and on that evening to £5 9t. 2-l., the whole of which sum— £12 0s. 6d. — was in addition to the proceeds^of the tea meeting. The singing of the doxology terminated the pro ceedings, which were characterised by the greatest utianimitv and harmony. The Temperance Mbetino, &c;— Owing to the great amount of space occupied by Wills's diary, we a eompelled to hold over our report of the lenipcrance Meeting on Tuesday evening, as well as a leader and several other matters, already in type. The Wharf at tub North SnoitB.--A com mencement was made with the formation of the ballast wharf at the North Shore yesterday, the first piles being driven down. Mr. Ross is the contractor. The Seats on the Hill.— Since our last publics tiun no fresh seals have been put up, but we are informed thnt half a dozen more will be erected 0.1 Tuesday. Al though there is-only one thereat present, )t has already been found 'a great conveuieiice^nd we lope the half-dozen more will only prove au instalment of what is to come »i,™,,-rli the liberality of the centlemen of Newcastle. Tiik Volunteer Shakos.— Au alteration has been ellecied in the shakos of our Volunteer Rifles within the lust few days, by the substitution of a plume of dark green cocks'-featiiers in place of the ball hitherto worn in the front of the crown. A bronze plate has also been fastened in front, with a star, and the word ' ^Newcastle' in white metal on it. The change is a pleasing one, and was very much admired by those who observed it 011 'lhursday last. Coroner's Inquf.st.— An inquest was held yesterday _r...- ? u.t tltu .liL.totxt nnmimr fit thf? rpfttdMllnn nf lipii tenant Tomkins, ll.N, Mosquito Inland, upon the body of Robert I'ringle Inches, a child of l'-iur years ot age. irom the evidence, it appeared that, on Tlursday afternoon, a Mrs. Marsland, residing on the inlaid, heard the child scream, and on rushing to the river bnrik. saw the deceased floating in the water on his back, and 'till screaming. She at once got out a boat, recovered theJody, and took it to the house of lieutenant Tomkins, thi grandfather of the child. The child was alive, but not sensible then. From this witness's evidence, as well a« rotn that of a Mrs. Green aud lieutenant Tomkins, it upparcd that everything was done to reco»cr the chijd, and the endeavours fere continued until the arrival of Dr. Mirgan. Although in sensible, the child bieathed loudly mi heavily. Dr. Mor. gan remained with the child for neaiy two hours, but all exertions were finally unsuccessful, i'he child so far re covered as to be able to sit up, and 30k around, and even attempted to speak, but he never completely rallied, and died about half-putt ten o'clock at night. The jury re turned a verdict to the effect, that h died in consequence »f tiin shnrk liis svstem had receivecfrom the accident. Another Accident to one op the Wallsend Company's Cranes.— Another ail more serious acci dent than usual occurred to the midle crane on the wharf, belonging to the Wsllsend Company yesterday afternoon. It appeared that a truc'.c filled with tome five tons of coal was being hoisted from the rails for nipinent on board the barque Pet, of Hobart Town, when le central column of the machinery, which is made of ctt iron, and hollow in the middle, broke with a trvinendoi crash short off below the level of the circular ring on wlch the crane revolves, and the massive beam with the chaitfasteued to it fell over it, crushing in the sides. The whels of the machinery wero also considerably damaged. O inspecting the broken iron, the coarse grain of the metal »s very observable, and it is a wonder how it had so long bone the immense strain to which it has been often put. 'he engine-driver, who waa standing on the iron platfnrmahnve the place where the breakage took place, held firm Md, and was forliuinCcly enabled to get down from his eleva'U position without in. jury. Captain Thompson, the tnastf of the Pet, was stand ing alongside at the tune, and nurnrly escaped being hurt Had the accident taken place a fevseconds later, the crane would have fallen over the side of le vessel and must have done considerable damage. It wa therefore, very fortu nate that it fell instiorc instead Toff the whnrf, and that there was no 0110 within reach at. he time, as there would otherwise have been very little clucc of escape. The crane now lies an apparent wreck on he wharf, and it will be probably sonic short time befc it can be repaired aud again ready for use. Police Intelligence Fo the Month of De cember.— Tuesday, December J-hearing of applications for publicans' license* and transrs. Tuesday, December 10— hearing of applications fopcdlarti' aud hawkers' li. censes, Tuesday, December I— licenses for stamen's lodging-houses, butchers, sawye, and splitters, expire this day. New Watcii.House, D/by-stueet. — The new lock-up in Darhy.strect was o|iied this week, but as yet, we are happy to imy, thut it Is been untciianted, except by acting sergeant Smith, wb has charge of it. The building is a one-storied one' brick, and contains two roomy nnd well. ventilated cell a guurd-roum, and bed. ruitin fur tho person in charge. Cheap Passages from ydney.— Hardly a tnnrn. ing pusKes without somej oncoming up by the steamer, without having money to payee fare. Yesterday, no less than three such persons arrivi by the Patersun. One suc ceeded in getting oil' before tl police could secure him, a second gave an order for the nount on another parly, al. though it is very doubtful wthcr it will be puid, aud the third was brought up at thcjlice court and fined 10s., in addition to being ordered tcony the amount of tho i'aie. In default, the man was stcuced to three days' impri sonment. Coals in the East.-Vo have tc acknowledge the prico current of the coinercial society of Sournbayn, dated 4th September, forwded to us by Messrs. Frascr, Eaton, and Co. Althougllle ciute is not a lute one, we may quote the price of col then prevailing. They were, for English, 2u' fl. 10 27.5(Ho £2 Is. 7,(1. and £2 3s. lid., and for Sydney 22U.=,£-1 3d. Both descriptions of coal were in demand. Bank Holiday.— Toay being St. Andrew's day, and consequently, a bank holiy, the various banking institu tions in Newcastle will bilosed. Tub Rev. Mr. CiiAir.u.— In the legislative assem bly, on Wednesday, Dr.nug gave notice of a motion'-to net aside the sentence paid on this gentleman. Unreoistrued D(3. — It will bo seen from our police report, that a crude has been commencod against the keepers of uurcgisted dugs, and that a number of them have already btenned l()s. and coals. We hope that the crusade Will be proiiuted with vigour. 