OUR LOADOS CORRESPONDENCE. No. 9. ' LoiíDON. Söth February 1861. A MANCHESTER gentleman, lately, at a meeting Vf here Master Ricciotti Garibaldi, aged 14, was introduced to public notice, said, " The priests infest Rome like black slugs ;.in 17 minutes I encountered 230 of these Moated fellows." 1 always imagined tha,t thia choice epithet was reserved specially for "aristocrats" until I read the above remarks. Now, oar own clergy are very differently described. "Weakand miser- able collection of ecclesiastics," say s a spirited daily paper speaking of convocation. The weakness and misery apply, I suppose, to the collection, and not to the individuals composing it. Some ought to be as sturdy and jovial as Friar Tuck himself, if good living could make them so. O cte or two have died lately. Lord Guildford, for instance, who held the living of Old Alresford, New Aires .for<1, Medatead, and St. Mary's, Southampton, ?was master, of St. Gross, and Canon of Win- 's teeter. £600 a-year did bis preferment bring bin ia. Or, the Rev. Oakes, lately deceased at 92, rector of Tostock, rector of Rattlesden, vi jar of Thurston, and incumbent of Gipping ; or, the Rev. King, also lately deceased, rector of Wood Church, £1000 a-year, and rector of Saint Matthew, Bethnal "Green, nominal value, £600. ; Add to these, the Rev. Cheese, son-in law to . the Bishop of Durham, and just ap- pointed by that truly evangelical prelate to a living of £1500 a-year, with a population of one th ttsand. Would these ecclesiastics m H ko a weak and miserable collection? I trow not. No, if you really want to see the terms not misapplied, bring together a body of -underpaid curates ; or look at the state- ment Tmada the other d.y by Archbishop Lroglep at York-"that in his diocese there were 141 benefices, /that is more than one fourth of the whole number), each with an in- come of less . than £100 a-year. A we+k and miserable collection of ecclesi as tes, indeed 1 and one which the Arch- bishop set about reforming. £10,000 were sub- scribed for on the spot, Lord Fi'zwilliams heading the Hat with a princely gift of £3000. In good sooth, the English are not backward about helping in Church matters, when the case is rightly put before them. Witness the history of " Londoners over thé Border." The Rev. 'Hermann Douglas, incumbent of a strag- gling and poverty-stricken/ parish in the neigh- bourhood of the Victoria Docks, wrote a letter -to the Times, detailing the wants of his popula- tion, which letter was responded to by contri- butions amounting to £14,000. Not long since a Mr. Scully publicly impugned the reverend gentleman's administration of these funds, and « commission of inquiry was instituted by the Dishop.of London, whioh resulted in the com- missioners expressing their opinion that Mr. Douglas had done a vast deal of good, and their hope., that he_ might long be spared to minister in that particular sphere of duty. One or two1 other clerical names before the fiuhlic' ' are less satisfactory in their associations. Mr. Poole, of St. Barnabas, is not^yet disposed of, nor is St. Barnabas itself by any means done with super- altars, «re.lenco.-tables, and crucifixes yet await the decision of Courts ecclesiastical ; then there is Mr. BonWell with his periodical reappearances in the .consistory. The reverend Dodd too. has acquired lately considerable notoriety at Cam bridge,i-and (elsewhere. Mr. Dodd, of Em- manuel, had heard that Mr. Brockhurst of Mag d leo^ saying grace in hall, had omitted the Saviour's name, in deference to the feelings of a wealthy fellow-commoner of the Jewish per- suasion ; and, as Mr. Brockhurst declined to <nter upon the question. Mr. Dodd beat him with . a horsewhip outside the hall aforesaid,' .> being exceeding jealous for the honour of his Divine Master. Mr. Dodd may have acted from conviction, but fae entirely overlooked his Divine master's rebuke to the brothers Boanerges ; and the lex mri court "of Cambridge, oonsldering that'be had not only forgotten the duty of a Christian, but also the conduct of a gentleman, suspended his fellowship for four years, and passed a high encomium on the Rev. Mr. Brockhurst's forbear- ance.."n. A".medical gentleman who formerly attended'Mri Dodd professionally, has published a letter, stating that his patient was always a little :mad, which is no doubt the truth of the muter. . -'And, apropos of ecclesiastics, we have been lately gratified with the rare spectacle of episcopal unanimity, the publication oi a document .affecting a' question of doctrine signed by all thc bishops. Oxford and Winchester ; Exeter and Durham ;. Salisbury and Ripon ; very - antipodes in opinion, all unite to condemn the "Essaysand Reviews" as heretical. Certainly, coming from clergymen of the Established Church, the. book contains some .startling theories. : ! Dr. Temple, head master of Rugby, opines that the inspired narra- tive is 'occasionally inaccurate, and that the Sacred boole contains occasional interpolations and forgeries.(P; 47) : Professor Jowett cannot discovertfrom the writings "of ; the Apostles or Evangelists, that they , had any inward gift <p.346) : The Rev. Dr. Williams considers that the. lives of the first patriarchs, belong to the domain of legend . (p. . 66) : the Rev. Baden Powell does not sea how we can possibly have any evidence of a deity working miracles (p.^. 141) : the Rev. H. B. Wilson thinks that ' there are : traits in the Scriptural person of. our Lord, which are better explained by referring them to an ideal than to an historical origin, and that liberty is left to all as to the ex- tent in which they apply the principle, for that there is no authority which can define its limits (p. 201), and the Rev. C./W. Goodwin is con- vinced that difficulties and incoherent doctrines have sprung from the popular assumption that tho Bible, bearing the stamp of Divine author- ity, must be perfect, complete, and unimpeach- able (p. 251.) These quotations, taken at random, may serve to: give you an idea of the teaching of this book, which has set all our bishops together, not by the ears, but by the tongue and pen ; a phenomenon not soften witnessed. The matter was to have been debated in Convocation, but a relation of the Archbishop, knowing his Grace to be a lover of quiet, fell ill jost at the right moment, and the Primate was compelled to postpone that " weak and miserable" meeting. Ab, well ! on what will churchmen agree ? The performance of the Messiah at Sr. Paul's has satisfied nobody, except the performers, whe stipulated what they should receive. The con. tributions from the C000 persons who assem bled to hear it, exhibited an undue proportion ol fourpenny pieces. High Church are angry that a festival held on a Saint's day should not hare been in vee lcd with a religious character j Low Church are shocked that the house ol prayer should be turned into a music hall ; ^connoisseurs wore disgusted that the imtceasa i . xeVérMration Bhould have turned Handel's ¿labórate chora fugues into indistinguishable, noise, ?nd the admirers, of Sims Reeve chafed thai they were not allowed to make a demonstration fdr encores. So the experiment is not likely to be repeated, and, in my humble opinion, a very good thing too. As for the new arrangements in the Church, to inaugurate which (and to help to pay for the new organ, estimated to cost ¿4000) the oratorio was performed; they have made a wondrous alteration. The organ and screen are taken down,: the north Btalls are moved several feet- towards the west, and the organ now faces you ai you enter at the sooth door ; when the stained windows are , put in, the transformation will be complete, or would be, if the hideous monuments were displaced. By a singular coincidence, the Cathedral Church of St. Paul at Rome was opened with a solemn service on the same day, having baeu nearly forty years in re-building. A noble church, 360 feet in length," it seems to be, and splendid . with , lapislázuli, malaohite, alabaster, and- mosaics of great beauty. Under the high altar lies,. ac- cording to tradition, the body of " Paul the Apostle." The organ is the gift, of the Pope, and coat 10,000 scudi ; indeed, the Pontiff has to bear all the current expenses of this church, and of St. Peter's too, which costs him £6000 a-year in repairs; so that Pic- Nono'mast have some'hing more to depend on than .the Peter's pence, amounting last year to £13,000, all which sum is said to be swallowed np in sala- ries; so that the offering, of those good little boys and girls who sent to the Pope the moneys given to them on New Year's Day, and which would, in the common coarse of events, have been expended in sugar-plums, could not have been otherwise than acceptable. - . But what have we to do with the Pope, or his affairs, where he gets his money, or how he spends it? In our views of Italy, the Romanist religion does not go for much, except in so far as it stops the way generally, and is sometimes amusing, as when we read of all the horses, mules, and donkeys in Rome being taken on St. Anthony's day to the church dedicated to that saint, and there blessed by the attendant priest. Why it should be confined to these beasts of burden I know,not. St. Anthony was the patron of all animals. - Salvator . Rosa painted him preaching, to a congre- gation of beasts, birds, and fishes ; and there is an engraving of a fine picture by Rubens of the saint's death, with a large pig under the bed : indeed,' St. Anthony's pig is a proverb, and the affectionate familiarity which prevails in Ireland between the pig and his owner may have had its origin in a religious impression. However, as the spirited proprietor of the hair-dressing establishment in " Nicholas Nickleby " - remarked to the coalheáver , who pleaded his right to be shaved as well as a baker, " we most draw the line somewhere," and BO nothing under a donkey, can be blessed at'Rome. . . .- ¡ ' . Shall I seem invidious, if I go - straight to1 the subject of Volunteers? I trust not: so there are preparations 'making for a demonstration on Baster Monday, which will put .an end to all sniggering, I can tell you, even if anybody should be disposed that way. For Lord Ranelagh is at the bottom of it, and he is an hereditary legislator if ever there was one, and, therefore, anything taken up or set afoot under such auspices is a very ill-chosen subject for merriment. Otherwise malicious persons have insinuated thst the 1st of April is not a fitting day for a national demonstration, and that Brighton is not the place for it, even although eighteenpence be the figure, there and back again. I leave the matter where I find it. What need have I to set up for the soldier's friend, when Lord Herbert and nd end of bigwigs announced themselves in that capacity at Willis's rooms last week ? Hasn't Sir Robert Peel recanted ? and have not even the Manchester alarmists subsided into acquies- cence, upon seeing their own Lancashire volun- teers after their first parade this season, reani- mate their weary warlike spirits, not with brandy and gunpowder, but with peaceful Bohea and oleaginous muffins which slipped down like greased cartridges ? I do say that that volunteer tea fight at Manchester had a most soothing influence on all concerned. And the mention of greased cartridges reminds me that a new candidate for the most efficient weapon is in thé field, or rather teas in the field at Hy the, where was to be held a' trial' of rifles by Meësrs. Whitworth and - Henry, - but -whicíi carnie to nothing be.ca.use Mr. Whitworth'wóúld not shoot without'a rest,, ¿nd they-objected ta shoot .with-.his.' Iñ fact, as.seeing, reasonable enough. Mr. Whitworth does not cure.aboul thèse contentions : why should he V - Govern- ment has accepted his>? weapon as the weapon, thon^ wby bother any more about.it? ¿We Bee in the estimates, that the Volunteers are -eel down at £68,000; not an uoreasonablè^um'as times go, for aafoty from invasion, if> we are ita look' at it in that light, But * perhaps', just at'présent, end in the absence of' any immediate foreign enemy, the greatest dangei incurred by our volunteers is from one' another, as when at Hull last week, Captain Samuels threatened to pull the nose of full private Wil- son, who forthwith snnt-him a cartel of dill .nee Our citizen soldiers have been made to furnish mirth for our light-hearted neighbours. O la, la que c'est bete foutrais the title of the piece non being performed at the Variétés, wherein one long volunteer, and one short one are made to appear inexpressibly foolish. The best criticism on the piece, is its title. At the O aili, anothèi Parisian theatre. Mademoiselle Felix, sister of Rachel, who is said to exhibit a similar talent to that of the great tragedienne, is playing. There is also F. Lemaitre now a very veteran, shaming young actors by his vivacity: I never saw him but twice; in Robert Macaire, and in Don Cesar de Bazaan, but one is not likely to forget him. One or two successful pieces have been brought out here, The house on the bridge [of Notre Dame, at the Lyceum, the great point in which is that Madame Celeste plays two parts alternately-a device not so new as it once was : The'mO Amney Corner, by Mr. Craven, at the Olym'pic, has added new Iaurolsto Mr. Robson's store of ever- greens ; and Le Domino Noir, at Covent Garden, gives us some rather more sparkling music than we have been favoured with of late. Of course, this is a matter of taste ; Nicolai's Merry TP »MS oj Windsor is .sparkling for the matter of that, and the Musical World wonders that it is not produced here. We can do quito well without it. I saw it at Dres- den ir» 18Ö5, arid was disgusted ; not so much with the music, though I saw nothing in that ; but oh! my Shakespeare ! Sucha burlesque! No Master Slender, no Sweet Anno Puge, a«. <ir Hugh Evans, no Dr. Cains, mine lins: o'" the drier, a mere tapster, and my Sweet Sir John, M vulgar buff on, «hose chief humour cungiaitfl , tn emptying a large r ot of beef tj every sizuD one of his boozing companions. The unmiti- gated haste which that libretto made of the Merry Wives waa truly heart-rending. With that reminiscence, I cannot express any great joy at hearing that Floto w is engagea upon another Shakesperian opera The Winters Tale ; in fact I think we have operas enough, for each succeeding new one is-a mer» reffaciamento, i An unfinished work of Mozart, " VOcca del Cairo," has been produced at Berlin: it was written in 1783. The cantata ia becoming a favourite form with our composers, and to say truth is not ill adapted to their powers. T -vo or three pleasing airs with a con- certed pieca or so, put together with tact, are within thc reich of most musicians; but un oratoria or au opera demand powers which fall to the lot of very few. Thus Mr. Leslie's Holy rood is a meritorious and a pleasing work. Thc i Queen ot Scots sighs her griefs, Rizxio breathe: I his passion, the maids of honour express , theil 1 frivolity, and John Knox denunciates in a [ highly Calvinistic ctnticle. These mak< . up the cantata.' Mendelssohn's Lobgesaiu bas been produced at Paris and has not satis ned, as how. should it ? On the other han« Clapisson has gained fresh fame. Mendelssohi is as fax beyond the French musical taste as ii Handel; in tact both are unknown, in Paris The music to Camacho's Wedding, the open which Mendelssohn wrote when be was a boy I am afraid to say how young, was performei at a concert in Frankfort last Christmas. Hoi strange that none of his children should hav evinced any talent for music 1 Herr Stope {surely there was a bass singer of that name ii the first German company that came , ovei when Staudigl appeared ?) has produced musi to Longfellow's Hiawatha,* at Covent Gardez combined with much recitation'; "th success was partial, but the ' experimer a chorus of ghosts appears to have been th most effective portion. Another importation < transatlantic humourists, under the title < Father Kemp's Old Folks, completes our list i musical novelties, for Prince Galitzin's conce was not his first. The object was to introdut to an English audience the compositions ? Glinka, a Russian musician, which were we received., We are now threatened with a Cb nese band, whereat I exclaim, " I have reasonable good ear for music, let us have tl tongs and bones." ? And now, as usual, I am near the end of a letter, and have not said all my say ; wherefo let me reflect and condense.First of all. « have, had accidents. The King o'Denma was nearly blown up, I mean ¡ the hostelry that name which stands in the Old Batley: the did the policé discover and confiscatejlOO lt of gunpowder., "This can hardly!bp called i accident, but at Wimbledon : there i was a ve melancholy one. Dr. Ba'y, assistant physicii to the Royal family, was crashed to death «ind a railway carriage. A colliery explosion ne Rugeley caused the death of six men ; and fo were killed at Sheerness by the falling of a pl form; in the dockyard. The late storm d much damage: 130 vessels we posted at Lloy as "lost ;" the spire of Chichester Cathedi was blown down ; so was the Abbey gateway Reading ; and the North wing of the Crys Palace, causing damage to the extent of sot £6000. Four men were suffocated in a sewer ? Sea Coal-lane, near to Break-neck Stairs, if yt ara acquainted with . that locality ; ai I lastly, a Methodist (primitive or ranters) meetit I house at Bedford, in Yorkshire, has been but to the ground. The cause of the accident vi singular. A fire had been made to burn t evergreens which had been used for t Christmas decorations; and the flue being ov heated, set fire to the building. Do the Bri ford primitives . know that decorating ch ur ct is a Popish custom. The peculiarity about t meeting-bouse was, that built in 1824 with b rowed money, at an expense of £3000, the f mitives bad paid, up to the time of burnti £4000 in interest. A far more disastrous f was, that on the 5th instant, at'Blenhe Palace, whereby eight master-pieces of Titian w destroyed utterly. These works of art were vi little known, and represented each the loves some particular god and goddess ; each picti contained two figures, a sunburnt male am fair female figure, in a state of more than se nudity, that would have shocked Lord Haddc now Lord Aberdeen-to the uttermost. Tl were given to John, Duke of Marlborough, Victor Amadeus, King of Sardinia. - I And rio*, having finished \my brief chaptei accidents, I must contract still more my di£fi ".ness. Here is a pleasing statement : 50 rot sheèp,". 34 putrid quarters of beef, .4 tain pig9,:,together two and a half tons of disea metft,'-were"-seized vin' Smithfield mar !in orj'e, week; _which,< .if -not-' seized, wot i ere j no w, have become---sausages. . Cambr¡< sausages are held in repute, so let us cha: the'subject in that direction. The Prince Wales js at' Cambridge; he' hunts : aisé did lhe>dons'are fond of him ; who would not I The .Prince is of Trinity.; I wonder willful generations know his rooms? They don't kt Milton's, at Christ's; nor Cromwell's, at Side nor/ Pepys, at Magdalen; nor Bul wer's, Trinity Hall ; no, nor Byron's, at Trinity ; rival bedmakers tell different versions of whereabouts. The Prince is feted, a3 a Pri must be, and is thought more of than a sei wrangler. Nonconformity is most just i with that alma mater on the banks of Cf for Dr. Aldis,' senior wrangler for this year. Baptist ; and Dr. Stirling, senior wrangler for year, is a Presbyterian, and by, statute neil of these mathematicians: can bold fellowahi whereat Nonconformity is wrath, and C bridge is aghast, and Domini Aldis et Stir may whistle for about £300 a-year apiece. Now you want to know something al books ? Very ? well. Spurgeon edits Baptist's Magazine i OT, if you prefer thodoxy, Hook's "Archbishops of ( terbury, " is a capital book, so is volume of correspondence, just publiai between Lord Macaulay'and; the(Bishoi Exeter, on the subject of ' Crana so is the " Life of -Dr. Carlyle ;" is " Dri Motley's History of tho 'Net lands;'' so is Trollope's" Paul the P. and Paul the Friar ;" so is Pope's " Corsair his Conqueror" all about Algeria; and, ol haven't, said a word about Mr. Cobden ! £ an upset there has been, all about Mr. Cobd private affairs. Ho has invested all his mc in i.Illinois railways, and has ,loat it; and Times is so angry with him, and says he is a woman and a child, and ought not tc trusted with money ; and that now his fri« will be sending round the hat for him af And then the other papers fire up and abuse Times dreadfully, and call it an assassin, ai murderer, and a stabber, and a liar, and a Htid a nuisance, and a humbug, and I csn'l y nu all .tho names they call >t ; and I ha' -.ime to tell you if I could, for here's post-tit and so, good bye ! 