MEETING OF MEDICAL PRAC- TITIONERS. A meeting of the medical profession was held at the Mechanics' Institute, Collins street, on Monday evening, to consider the propriety of making an addition to the Me- dical Practitioners'Registration Bill now be- fore the Legislative Council. About 30 gentle- men were present, and the Hon. D. Wilkie, M.L.C, took the chair. The proceedings were commenced by Dr Robertson, who moved that every gentleman present sub- scribe his name and professional titles; but, on its being pointed ont that these would appear on the petition, if one were adopted, the motion was withdrawn. Mr Black then moved an adjournment, on the ground that sufficient notice had not been given to the profession; and the motion was seconded by Mr Martin. Mr Thomson, as the convener of the meeting, explained the nature of the movement, which was to get the following clause inserted in the new bill: —"That every legally qualified physician or surgeon shall be eligible for any professional appointment in the hospitals, dispensaries, or other cha- ritable medical institutions throughout this colony." The subject, he said, would have been brought forward at the second reading, but the hon. member who had promised to do so had bad a fit of sickness, and the mat- ter fell through. It had been subsequently determined to call this meeting, which could not well be adjourned, as the bill would go through committee on the follow- ing day. Dr Iffla, amid considerable ap- plause, thanked Mr Thomson for his public spirit, and opposed the adjournment. The motion was eventually negatived. The real business of the evening was then proceeded with, and Mr Thomson proposed that the meeting adopt the above-recited clause. His object, he said, was to initiate the system which has been carried into effect in Great Britain very lately, and he quoted an article headed "One Faculty at last," which appeared in a late number of the Medical Times and Gazette, to show how far the medical and surgical professions were being united there, especially in hospitals. He reviewed the position which had been taken up by the various medical colleges in the United Kingdom, as also the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, which were about to revive their medical schools, and argued that it was time something was done in Melbourne. He then adverted to the comparatively co- equal position held by surgeons and physi- cians in the Melbourne Hospital some years back till a marked line was drawn between the professions at the instance of Sir James F. Palmer. This, he pointed out, was most awkward, for it was difficult to distinguish between the case of a man suffering from a blow on the head and another suffering from a sunstroke, and yet by the regulations there must be a different medical attendant to each. Mr Mackenna seconded the resolution, where- upon Mr Wigg moved, and Mr Robinson seconded, an amendment admitting the Li- centiates of the Apothecaries' Company, Loudon, to the same privileges as surgeons and physicians. Mr Martin thought the apothecaries of Dublin should be included, and a discussion followed relative to the locus standi of the Dublin licentiates, after which Mr Wigg consented to include the word "Dublin" in his amend- ment. A great deal of opposition was brought to bear upon this addition by Mr Macarthy, Mr Hutchinson, Mr Mackenna, Mr Lloyd, Mr Thomson, and Mr Wilson, who in their several speeches expressed no objection to apothecaries as a body, but declined to risk their own object by adopt- ing so questionable an addendum. The amendment was put and negatived. Robertson proposed a fresh amendment, which disapproved of the doing away with the distinctions between physicians and surgeons. Mr Barker seconded this amend- ment, against which Messrs Mackenna and Wilson spoke at great length. The ques- tion was then put, only two persons voting for the amendment. The original resolution was carried by a large majority. The other business transacted was the appoint- ment of Dr lffla and Messrs Wilson, Lloyd, Macarthy, Ridley, and Mackenna as a com- tuittee to wait on the Hon. Messrs Hope and Wilkie, and press upon them the desire of the profession, after which the assemblage broke up, with a vote of thanks to the chair. —Argus. REMAEKABLE Esc APB.-On Tuesday law an incident occurred on the Port Fairy road I «'Inch, as far as our information .extends, is j almost unprecedented. A bullock-drirer, named John Gorry, was driving a team « bullocks with dray towards Ararat. On toe «ray Were two tons of potatoes. The man appears to have been not altogether sober, \ and feeling somewhat fatigued, he took rt » into Iiis head to ride on the pole « tho dray. With this view, he went in tw een CDC of the pole bullocks and the di and after walking along a short distance made an attempt to jump on the pole, stumbled and fell down on to the grot and the wheel of the dray immedial passed over his body. Fortunately, ass ance was at hand, and the man was at o picked up and taken to Lysaghl's pub house, which was close by where the ai J( nt occurred. No bones were broken, t as far as could be ascertained no inter i ii jury had been sustained, and from wi harts the man did receive he is now i recovering:. What makes the escape i more remarkable is, that the road where I accident occurred is particularly hard Mount Ararat Adte User, 17th May. THE POPULATION OF WILLIAMSTOWN, One of the most complete census retui yet published is for the electoral district Williamstown. The most curious featu about it is tho extraordinary variety religious sects into which the inhabitat seem to be divided. No less than thirty s columns are required to denote the religio belief of 4488 souls. The list is as follow -Church of England 1880. Roman Catboli g47, Catholics S3, Free Church of ScoUai 372, Church of Scotland 281, Independen 216, Congregational 3, Baptists 64, Partici far Baptists 8, General Baptists lo, Weslei an Methodists 236, Lutherans ll, Unite Presbyterians 224, Presbyterians 68, Fri Presbyterians 38, Primitive Methodists 1: Protestants 2, Calvinistic Methodists li Christians 5, Unitarians 3, United Churc of Eugland and Ireland 5, Universalist j Voluntaries 6, Nonconformists 3, Presby lerian Church of Victoria 9, Chapel of Den mark 1, Catholic and Apostolic 7, Mormonit 1, Freethinkers 2, no denomination 4, Ma liometan 1, Mussulman I, Jew 1, Deist 1 Persons who objected to give any informa tion 168, Persons against whose name tticre is a blank 101. This is a pretty lon« list for the fishing village. The roll foi Melbourne will he something truly formid- able, and will give the clerk's in the Regis- trar's office an opportunity of earning theii salarits.-Geelong Advertiser. LUDICROUS.-At an inn not loo miles irom Heywood, a man was seized with colic, the other day, when the surgeon ordered him to be put to bed and a very hot poultice applied to the seat of pain. While the poultice was preparing, however, the patient recovered, aud left the house; but a poor swiper, who had more grog than he could well carry, seeing a cosy and untenanted bcd, undressed and turned in. He was just dosing on" to sleep when in rushed mine host with the burning poultice, and in his hurry slapptd it on the seat of honor of his supposed patient. The poor swiper uttering a terribly imprecation, leapt from the bed rushed out, and fled as if he was running for his bare life.-Portland Guardian 17th Sfiv. THE SOOTH AUSTRALIAN CENSUS.- The superintendent informs us that he has totalled the census returns sent in by the collectors, ii om which it appears that the population cf the colony as enumerated on thc 8th of April, and without making any allowance for omissions, or persons travel- ling, was 127,000, viz. 65,000 males, and 62,000 females. This would give an increase of 9,000 souls over the census of the pre- vious year ; but Mr Boothby attributes this increase principally to the fact that much greater care and accuracy has, upon this occasion, been displayed throughout the work, especially in the distant portions of the province, as the natural increase since that date would hardly amount to 4,000 souls. This is satisfactory, thus early to be able to ann Mince the result of the census in round numbers. For the usual elaborate detailed tables wc must patiently wait, as their compilation is a matter of much labor, requiring great accuracy; and as thc enu- meration of the population seems to have been carefully performed, we trust Mr Boothby will be enabled to lay the mass of information thus collected before the public in a shape commensurate with its value, and with the painstaking that has been devoted by him to procuring it-Register, 19th May. THE COLUMBIAN-, S.S.- A sad accident occurred on bo:trd the mail steamer Colom- bian, when going out of this harbor, on Saturday, with dates from this port to 2nd March. " She was off Green Island, when, the catfall breaking, the anchor of course fell, and, the ship having headway upon her, above a hundred fathoms of ehain ran out. The capstan bars were shipped, and the men standing by. What with the flying of the bars and thc running out of the chain, no less than eighteen men were wounded, two, it was feared, fatally. Medi- cal aid. in addition to that of the surgeon of the ship, was instantly procured. The ship was detained three hours in consequence. China Overland Trade Report, I5th Marci). TUE GULF STREAM.- That the Gulf Stream is therefore roof-shaped, causing the waters on its surface to flow off to either side from the middle, we have not only cir- cumstantial evidence to show, but obser- vation to prove. Navigators, while drifting along with the Gulf Stream, have lowered a boat to try the surface current. In such eases the boat would drift either to the east or to the west, as it happened to be on one side or the other of the axis of the stream, while thc vessel herself would drift along wish the stream in the direction of its course; thus showing the existence of a shallow roof current from the middle to- wards either edge, which would carry the boat along, but which, being super- ficial, does not extend deep enough to affect the drift of the vessel. That such is the case is also indicated by the circumstance that the sea-weed and drift wi)i;d which arc found in such large quanti- ties along the outer edge of the Guli Stream, are rarely, even with the prevalence of easterly winds, found »long its inner edge and for the simple reason that to cross the Gulf Stream, and to pass over from that side to this, they would have to driit up an incline.] plain, as it were; that is, they would have to stem this roof-current until they readied the middle of the stream. We rarelv hear of planks, or wrecks, or of any other floating substance which is cast into the sea on the other side of the Gulf Stream being found along the coast of the United States. Drift-wood, trees, and Feeds from the West India Islands, are often ea*t up on the shores of Europe, but rarely on tlie Atlantic shores of this country. We are treating now of the effects of physical causes. The question to which I ask attention is, why (foes the Gulf Stream slough off and east upon its outer edge seaweed, drift- wood, and all other solid bodies that are found floating upon it? One cause has been shown to be in its roof-shaped current; but there is another which tends to produce the same effect; and because it is a physical agent, it should not, in a treatise of thii kind, be overlooked, be its actions never st slight. I allude now to the effects prodncec upon the drift matter of the stream bj the diurnal rotation of the earth. Take for illustration, a railroad that lies north am south in our hemisphere. It is well knowr to engineers that, when thc cars are goini north on such a road, their tendency is b run off on the east side ; but whet fhe train is going south their ten dency is to run off on the west side of tin track, ¿.c., always on the right-hand side Whether the road bc one mile, or one hun dud miles in length, the effect of diurna rotation is the same; and, whether the roa. bu long or short, the tendency to ruu off, a you cross a given parallel at a stated rate t speed, is the same; for the tendency to fl; off the track is in proportion to the speed t the train, and not at all in proportion to th length of the road. Now, ris inertia an velocity being taken into the account, tb tendency to obey the force of this diurni rotation, and to trend to the right, : proportionately as great in the ca« °f a patch of seaweed as it drifi along the Gulf Stream as it is in tl case of the train of cars as they speed to ti north along the iron track of the Hudsc «»er or the Northwestern Ballway, or ai other railway that lies nearly north ai south. The rails restrain the cars and fire- j rent them from flying off; but there are no ] rails to restrain the sea-weed, and. nothing ' to prevent the drift matter of the Gulf Stream from going off in obedience to this force. The slightest impulse ***"ding .to turn aside bodies moving freely ia the water is immediately felt and implicitly obeyed. The Physical Geography of the Sea, and its Meteorology. By M. P. Maury, L L D., V.SJf. AK ENGLISHMAN'S GHOST.-Near Suvise sbapuram (the town of tbe gospel) is a lofty red sand hill, which at thc beginning of this century was chosen as the first station for the trigonoraeters' survey of South India. About a mile or two distant from this sta- tion is an inveterately heathen town called Illamully, abounding with pey-coils or devil houses, the largest of these-at least thc largest of the altars»in these-being dedi- cated to a pey called Pooley-Sahib. He is the favorite, i.e., the most dreaded deity of the place, is hymned in a lengthy poem of some merit, of which the translation of a great part was read to nie, and is attempted to bc appeased by offerings of mutton, arrack, and cheroots. And whom do you imagine this mysterious personage to be? You will be as much astonished as I was to learn that he is nothing more nor less than the spirit of an English officer, of the name of Pole, or Powell, or some other similar name, metamorphosed by the Hin- doos into Pooley, who was killed in 1809 at the taking of thc Arambooly lines, and carried back to thc station on the hill to bc buried. Having met with a violent death,1 bis ghost was supposed to be the cause of all the sicknesses of man and beast in the neighborhood. A man could not get a head- ache in a walk past the grave, but the Englishman's spirit was taxed as the author of it. The senseless BlamuUey-ites at length sent a deputation, inviting the spirit to their town, bribing it with the offer of a larger altar than any that bad been I erected there, promised offerings such as I they shrewdly imagined to be most grateful ; to an English officer's ghost, and provided, I suppose, a native poet to prepare a hymn, to be sung on peculiarly solemn occasions. This hymn speaks of Pooley-Sahib, as one of the greatest of heroes, and the con- queror of Madura, TinneUey, &c;, describes the attempts of his wife (a second Andro- mache) to dissuade him from the fatal figh!, speaks of his power since death to inspire men with madness, and to slay with a blow or a breath whole herds of cattle.-From a Memoir of Vie Eeo. Th mas Gajetan Royland, B.D. By tlie Rev. Thoma eon Peronne, H.D. f CHEISTIANTT T ts INDIA.-From the Friend of India we learn that at the end of the first 60 years after the Ascension the number of I living Christians was one million Contrast j with this fact the success of missions dur- ing the psst sixty years of this century. The Bible has been translated into upwards of 100 languages. There were 106,000 pro- fessing Christians iu New Zealand, 400,000 in Berman and Pegu, 112,000 Protestant I Christians in India, 6,000 or 6,000 in Meso I potainia, 250,000 in the Islands of the Pacific There were Christians in China, Madagas- car, Mauritius, and many other parts of the world. There were 20U.OOO or 300,080 ne- groes under the care of Christian pastors in the West Indies. There are more than a milliou and a quarter of living Christians who, but for the labors of the missionaries, would all have remained idolaters. " IN ENGLAND," s.tys an amusing charac- ter iu a recent Russian comedy, " there are so many inhabitants and so little land, that one man is constantly pushing up against another. The push is returned. This one has recourse to his fists, that one retaliates; and thus the terrible art of boxing has originated."-The Russians at Home. By Sutherland Edwards. A NEW INVENTION, entitled paper cloth, has been adapted by the London Lace Paper Company, to the purposes of collars, cuffs, and other articles of female attire. It is ¡ extremely beautiful, and so very cheap-say 3d per collar-as to threaten to drive crochet work entirely out of fashion. THE REMAINS OF CHARLEMAGNE -An inspection of the bones of Charlemagne took place at Aix la Chapelle the other day. Fears had arisen that these remains might [ suffer from friction in their present wrap- pings; so permission was obtained from the Chapter, and in presence of most of the notabilities of the town, the Government official*, the whole Chapter and several physicians, the mausoleum was opened, and the remains, or as the report says, the Ossa, j Caroli M. were examined. They were found intact and in excellent preserva tioa After due ceremonial gone through, procession round the cathedral, &c;, liturgical prayers were said before these remains of the greatest protector of the Chair of St. Peter, and the cause of the present Pope was prayed fer. We hope the Pope will not repose too much confidence in the power of these Ossa, strong and mighty as they once may have been. Careful photographs were taken cf the wrappers in which the remains of Charlemagne had rested for so many cen- turies; they were of a beautiful silken tissue. The larger wrapper, rich in color and de- sign, was recognised as one of those draps de lit which were frequentiy mentioned by the Provençal troubadours as well as by the contemporary German Minnesangers, as PaWa transmarina P. Saraceniea. It is no doubt a product of industry of thc Sicilian Saracens from the twelfth century. The second smaller wrapper, of a beautifully preserved purple colour, lias been traced to Byzantine industry; the Greek inscriptions » oven into the silk texture make it probable that the stuff was manufactured in the Im- perial gymnaceum at Byzantium, in (he tenth century.-AOtenatim. 