NEW ZEALAND. By the Henry F. Fernie, via Sydney, we have papers from Auckland to the 2nd instant ; from. Nelson to the 14th ultimo ; Hawke's Bay to the 10th ; and Waikato to the 12th. She brings up Colonel T. G. Browne, C.B., Lady Browne, children, and suite. ; AUCKLAND. His Excellency Sir George Grey, li.C.B., the future Governor of New Zealand, arrived at. Auck land early on the morning of Thursday, the 26th ult., and landed in the afternoon. He sailed fiom Cape Town on board II.M.S. Cossack, on the loth of August; having in person prorogued tho Cape Parliament the previous day. His Excellency's arrival and debarkation are thus noticed by the Southern Cress of 27th ultimo : — After many weeks of suspense, Sir George Grey has at last reached our shores. Yesterday morning H M.S. Cossack anchored in the Waite mata, forty-one days out from the Cape of Good Hope, with our new Governor on board. Ever since we received the intimation that our Governor of years gone by was to return to New Zealand, we havo been anxious to see him arrive. Political action was stopped when it was known that a change was about take place, and that Colonel Browne was to leave us; nothing was to be initia ed, everything was to be waited for. But Sir George Grey lias atlast arrived, andar rived at one of the most critical periods in the his tory oi xsew ioeatano. ine tuiure ot tne coinny depends upon him, and depends upon the view which he may take of the exigencies of the co lony. By common consent, however, it is al lowed that Sir George Grey haB the welfare of Native and European at heart, and we trust that time will only prove still strong :r that such is the case. The city of Auckland was deter mined to give Sir George Grey a hearty wel come yesterday ; and, so soon as it was known that he had arrived, everybody seemed bent on making a holiday. Men, women, and chil dren were of tho same opinion ; shops were shut up ; bugles sounded through the town ; rifle m'n assembled, and citizens flocked to the Albert barracks to see them assemble ; it was a perfect gala day. But at eleven o'clock if. was intimated that Sir George Grey would not land till half-past two. The delay, ho ivever, only gave occasion for a larger muster, and when the de barkation vat last took place the whole of Auck land was alive from the Queen street wharf to Albert barracks. A guard of honor, composed of ilie artillery, engineers, the 65th, and the rifle vo lunteers were in attendance when his Excellency landed on the wharf, and accompanied the cortege up Shortland crescent. Everywhere he was received with a hearty welcome. Sir lieorge Grey arrives in New Zealand at a critical period. The future is uncertain and looms darkly. But the same support wnicn nas oeen given to nis preuecessor will be given to her Majesty's present representative, and Sir George Grey will find that Governor Browne has so worked for his successor that he can command a great political power with which to act, a psnver which did not exist in 1853. Sir George Grey arrives amongst us in September 1861, more po .vert'ul than any Governor that ever arrived in New Zealand. He has an army at his back, and colonists who have pledged themselves through their representatives to spare neither blood nor treasure in upholding her Majesty's sovereignty. On himself depends our future. But whatever may lie concealed in tho womb of the future, let us welcome Sir George Grey cordially to our shores. He may bring us war, he may bring us pe-.ce, but we believe he will bring us one or the other, and if he bring the former we trust it may proven decisive r,no ; ifhobringtho latter, wo trust it may be no hollow peace. 'Uncer- tainty has been a dark cloud overhanging us too long;. New Zealand wishes to know its f.ite. We welcome Sir George Grey to Auckland, and believe that he may safely rely on the colonics of New Zealand far and wide doing tho .sanv. Loyal and independent support he may safely expect to receive from all honest men. We recognise the ditfieu! ties of the cir cumstances under which he assumes the reins of Government, but believe that he is equal to the occasion, and that he will do his utmost to sur mount them. But whether lit- succeed or not, we believe that tha people of Now Z -aland will never forget the disinterested readiness with which he has comu amongst us at a time when little fame is to be gained and much to be lost. Aprosecution had been instituted agiinst Isaac Whalen.of I'itirangi. before the rcsid vit. magistrate of Auckland, under the Act 11 and 12 V'i cap. 62: sec. 11, for employing a deserter from htr Majesty's navy, knowing him to bo a ditserttr. The circum stances, as they came out in evidt-nco. were these : — Thomas Singleton, of II.M.S. Pelorus obtained leave of absence from the 5th to the 8th June list, on the evening of which latter day he met the defendant in Auckland, and begiin drinking with him. This was resumed a:;ain on June 10, and on tho 13th of the same month . Singleton was engaged to work by the defendant, ivho was told that he was a deserter from II M.S. Pelorus. Singleton was arrested on Sunday '.s-ut-k. Whalen was fined £-iQ and C03I3, with tho alternative. of six months' imprisonment, and haid labor. In default of payment, he was committed to prison. NELSON*. Concerning the Nelson goldfields, the Examiner of 12th ultimo says : — On Thursday last the coasters Marr, Jane, and Supply returned from the Buller on the West Coast, where they had taken down, lietwuen them, ? nearly sixty diggers a few d.iys previously. The parties at work there were priiif.i ..ully natives, who are said to have a goo 1 deal of gold, but they refuse to part with it except f„r bovereiuns, and at its full value. As there were no iiiiytrs of gold' on the spot on these terms, but little has been brought up by tho vessels in question, only, in fact, 36 ounces. The Grace Darling brought from the Aorere diggings, cn Thursday evening, 600 ounces of gold. iiawicb's jiay. Tho Hawke's Bay Herald of the 10th ult., says i — Intelligence reaclud Napier within the past day or two of the native chief Te Hapuku having driven away 2000 sheep belonging to a Kuropean, nnd placed 'thein upon his own land, there to keep them until certain claims on his part shall be satis fied. The suffeier in this case is Mr M idori. The boundaries of his run, as oii;?inally point 'd out tj him, included a potrtion of flu land with bush, which was subsequently claimed by the quondam native owners, and allowed to them. For the use of this portion of land mid fui timber from the bush, he has made payments fiom time, to time to the native chiefs Karaitiana and others) who claim ownership, we umierstjnd, upph the right of conquest over Te Hapuktiia the last war. This light To liapuku denies, and f claims from Mi- Mason, as arrears due to him, the 'whole of the moneys collccted by the others, amounting to a considerable sum. 'I his claim n t bc-ing ac knowledged — for no man will readily consent to pay money twice over — Il.ipuku drives off two thirds of the sheep on the run, and letains them by way of securing payment of his demand This is rather a serious occurrence, as bringing the rival chiefs into contact, and threatening a renewal of tho internal disturbances of 1857. In another point of view it strikingly illustrates the anomalous state of the law. Mr -Mason's over seer could not dispense with timber, if only for firewood; yet he cannot buy it from the adjoin ing native proprietois without breaking the law. Having done so, he is precluded, we presume, from going into court for protection against the ronscquenees of his illegal act. ; nor could Te * liapuku, had lie been so disposed, obtain re dress at the hands of our legal functionaries — seeing that the law neither pennits him to lease land to Europeans, nor takes cognisance of'native disputes. Tlie Maori, accordingly, takes the law ; into his own hands; and the European must either do the same (with what consequences one ? shudders to contemplate) or adopt the remaining alternative — to 'grin and bear it.' Mr Cooper has been in the neighborhood of the occurrence for some days, endeavoring to avert the conse quences ofHapuku's misguided act. waikato. ] The Southern Cross had received the following impoitant communication from an oceaiiontd cor respondent at Raglan: — ' SVncmu N ro is in receipt of a letter from Ngaruwhaia, stating that the NgapuLs and other tribes have threatened to go and haul down the ' king-flag. They (the Waikatos) have, theretore, invited Wirotnu N. ro to come over and taite it down, he being next kin to the late King Patatau. Nero says he will not go over at present, in order to give them more time to consider the matter. In a short time there i3 to be a largo meeting at ' Waikato ; then he will go over and discuss the matter with them.' ? Mormon Polygamy.— If wo can bring our selves to understand how the first wife consents, or is obliged to consent, there remains the diffi culty of explaining how it is thai young: girls marry old polygamists in preference to young ba chelors. This would seem all the moro intxpli- - ' cable as unmarried men are by no means scarce ' in Utah. A few words will suffice to make us ' | comprehend this remarkable result of fanaticism. The old polygamists are regarded us holy person ages, who save all belonging to them. Possessors I of numerous wives who are accounted as so blessings, these old men have received from the church the assurance of attaining to eternal glory on the one condition of ' not sinning against the Holy Guost; that is to say, on condition of not denying the ? faith, of not disclosing the mysierie-, and of not shedding innocent blood. It being thus but little probable that these venerable saints) will sin. against the Holy Ghost, their salvation is re garded as certain, and theirs involves that of the whole family. Ilense it is that young girls, ex cessively anxious about their eternal welfare, are ' seen to marry elderly sultans; young men run ning much more risk ot falling away from the ' faith, and casting themselves out of the eternal dwelling place, together with their wives and children. Such, among a thousand others, are the prodigies which faith c in operate. But, if fana ticism be powerful, there are other feelings which are still more so. It happens sometimes that women, after having drunk the cup of polygaoiy, - become sensible of its deally effects, and end by opening their eyes to the pitfall into which a blind confidence in their mis sionaries has lured them. They weep bitterly, and would lain fly ; but they are mothers, and how can they abandon their children? Maternal love rises up stronger than the shame which over whelms them. Moreoveer, they feel themselves dishonored and betrayed ; and innocent, as they feel themselves to be by the verdict of their own conscience, yet, in spite of this, they do not feel themselves the less degrade d. The marriages they have contracted are putely religious ; no civil authority has ratified them ; everywhere else they would be considered as concubinage. How, after this, will they be received in their r native countries ? Then, too, they are poor; they could not find the means of crossing the vast desert which separates them from the civilised world. Possibly they might be allowed to join company with compassionate emigrants ; but this would be to expose their protectors to the terri ble vengeance of the Mormons. Then, again, in general, they have friends nowhere but in Utah. They remain, therefore, where they are; and what they see around them atlast hardens their feelings. Divorcc, which is evjty where else had lecourse to as an antidote — a vry problema tical one indeed — against ill- assorted unions, is easily obtained amongst the Mormons, and does not turn out to he more effectual there than elsewhere. Th« ca: e of a woman is cited who has be -n mar ried six times, and who has four husbands still living in Utah. The fees to the Church for a divorce, in 1854, were from ten dollars when it was a question of marriage for time, and fif y dol lors if it were for eternity. If it be iemeinbeied that at this period coin was extremely s'caroo. it will be easily understood that this tax was enor mous, and that Brigham Young, when imposing it upon discontented couples, hop d through it to render their lentil separation difficult. — A Journey to Great Sal! Lake City. By Jules Remy , - and Julius Jirenchly, if A. ' It is generally re ort d n student circles that ' the Earl of Elgin is uOout to resign his office as Lord Rector of Glasgow University, before pro ceeding to undertake his responsible duties in India. 