IiAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE. The foundation stone of a new chapel, for the use of the Baptist denomination in Adelaide, was laid on Wednesday, by David Randall, Esq., of Mount Craw ford. The following description of the building has been handed to us by the architects: — ' The building, of which the foundation-stone has just been laid, will stand at the corner of Flinders-street and Diveit-place, South Adelaide; the principal or north front being to Flinders-street, and the east front to Divett-place. The entire length of the building now erecting will amount to 140 feet, and the width 60 feet ; of which the churcii itself will occupy a length in the interior oi no ieer,, witn a wiatn or -io ieet, wnicn area is intended to accommodate 730 worshippers on the ground floor ; space and height provided for additional galleries to be erected at a future period, by which the total accommodation can be extended to 1,300 persons. The principal entrance from Flinders-street is through a loggia, fronted by a triple arcade of stone ; from the loggia, leading right and left, are lobbies communicating with the interior of the Church ; above the triple arcading is a handsome rose window, deeply set in a circumscribing moulded ogee arch, carried by columns having carved capitals — this central portion of the north front is flanked by buttresses of considerable projection, of which the first stage is gabled and has carved finials. The gable to the central portion of the front has a deep coping, and is terminated with a cross of wrought iron. The side aisles to the central portion of this front . will contain the staircases to the intended galleries, and are lighted by windows of two lights of varied design. The east front to Divett-place, and the west front, are lighted by a series of lofty two-light windows, having deep transoms with intervening buttresses of two stages, terminating under a corbelled' and moulded cornice. The tracery of the windows will be varied, and the mulhons have attached columns with carved capitals. There will be a separate entrance and porch from Divett-place. The back of the church will be occupied by a large vestry or schoolroom, and a minister's vestry. The walling throughout will be built of Glen Osmond stone, and the quoins, mouldings, dressings of doors and windows, &c;, will be of worked Dry Creek stone from the contractors' own quarries, no cement or plaster beincr used in the ex terior. The interior of the church will be ceiled to the collar beam, the roof being open with moulded purlins. tie-beams, and d uble circular braces, finishing below the tie-beam on carved brackets ; the roof timber will be stained and varnished. The seats for the congregation will be of cedar, and polished ; the whole of the windows will be glazed with thick plate-glass, set in the stone without frames. There will be no pulpit, but a large platform will be provided for the minister, and underneath the platform will be situated the baptistry, which will be lined with marble, and supplied with water from the Reservoir. From the platform access will be gained to the vestries, &e.; Ample means of ventilation are provided by case ments in the windows, ventilators of various descrip tions, aud also by a somewhat novel arrangement of a continuous series of openings on a level with the ceiling of the church, and forming a sort of clerestory exter nally. The roof will be boarded and covered with enl vauized iron plates, with ro'ls and ornaments on the ridges, and stooe copings te the various gables. The style of the new building is early Gothic, with details some what Italian in character.' The designs for the church have been made by Mr. E. G. Thomas, architect, of Gresham-place ; and Messrs. English & Brown have the contracts for the whole of the works, under the superin tendence of the architect. The entire cost, including proposed schools, the purchase of the site, and various incidental expenses, will be probably about £6,000. The ceremony commenced at 3. o'clock, and was per formed in the presence ot about 300 persons. Around the stone we perceived the Rev. Isaac New, the Rev. Silas Mead, and other ministers of various denominations. The proceedings were commenced by the Rev. Mr. Cheesemau, who gave out the 730th Hymn, which was sung by the ass -mblage. The Rev. Mr. Roberts then read a psalm, and the Rev. Mr. Lyalf offered prayer. Mr. Randall then approached the stone, which was lowered into its place, two bottles containing a docu ment descriptive of the purpose for which the chapel was to be erected, the current coins, and newspapers of the day, &c;, being deposited in a cavity beneath. Having plumbed the stone, and given it three smart taps, with a cedar mallet provided for that purpose, Mr* Randall declared the corner-atone of the building weft and truly laid. He then mounted the platform and read the following transcript of the docu ment which had been deposited under the stone : — 'This document, being a record of the object for which this chapel is to be erected, is deposited under the north-east corner- stone. The chapel is built for the use of the Church of God holding Baptist principles, now worshipping in White's Room, King William-street, in this city, and is devoted to the worship of God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost, One Triune Jehovah. The Cluinsh. was formed at Lefevre terrace Baptist Chapel on the 5th of August, in this present year. The stone is laid by David Randall, Esq., of Mount Crawford, on this eighteenth day of December, iu the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, the Jiev. Silas Mead, M-A., LL.B., being Pastor of the Church ; Mr. Christopher Giles, Mr. George Shaw, Mr. David Fowler, and Mr. William Kyffin Thomas, b;ing Deacons. The Committee for superintending the new building consists of Messrs. George S. Fowler, James Whiting, John Beeby, and James Alexander Holdpn, and the Church officers above-named. Architect, Mr. Robert George Thomas ; builders, Messrs. English & Brown.' He then spoke at considerable length, remarking thai the objeGt for which they were assembled was one of a most important character, namely, to lay the founda tion- of a house which waB about to be built for the wor ship of God, and for the maintenance and spread of the religion of Christ. This was a work f r which the Saviour had come down from heaven to dwell among men, and for which he had also died a death of ignominy and shame as an attonement for their sins, ascending again into ue&ven;, wnere ne remained interceding for them ; aud he had ajso sent his Holy Spirit to dwell among theai. He hoped thaj; in the. chapel which was now commenced, the Word of God woujid come home to the minds of many men, enabling them to' rejoipe with a joy unspeakable and full of glory. It was strange that earthly creatures should be permitted to co-operate with the Most High God, but they did it in this way— -tc greeting a building to his worship and glory. He hoped they ffjjght look forward to a time when many would be' converted— wquld be born qgain in that place. There was, however, §. dark side to every scene in life, and it might be, however sad the thought, that the building which was now being erected would prove to some a savour of death unto death. This building was about to be erected for those who worshipped uriier the Bapti t denomina tion, aid he hoped it would be blessed abundantly. While they might differ in points of principle from those of other denominations, they yet desired to hold th°^ tru.% in love, and he hoped that Christians of all deno jminations would unite in prayer that the blessing of God might attend their work- The speaker then alluded to the numerous notices of new chapels which appeared in the newsoapewfr cm day to day, and remarked that it was a pleasing proof that the Work of God was prospe' rous in the land. He trusted that they would never be found unmindful of their privileges. He hoped the de nomination to which they belonged were thankful for the great encouragement which they had received. They put their tiust in the Most High, and in this was their strength, lie felt deeply the honor which had been done him in anking him to lay the foundation-stone of the chapel. He had hoped that the Hon. G. F. Angas would have performed that ceremony ; he was, however, afraid of his voice in the open ah*. He was glad to inform them, however, that the hon. gentleman would take the chair at the meeting at White's Boom that evening. (Hear.) The_ Rev. Mr. Hannay- then addressed the assem blage in an eloquent manner; likening the stone which had just bee* laid to the chief corner stone of the pillar of their salvation, Jesus Christ. He expressed his pleasure at being present, and also a hope that the bless ing of God would rest upon the work. The Rev. Silas Mead then addressed afewwords, and called upon those who desired to do so, to lay their con tributions on the stone. ' He afterwards offered prayer, and the ceremony was at an end. TEA MEETING AND LECTURE. In the evening about 800 persons' partook of tea. After tea the public meeting was held in White's Room, and we never saw the place more thoroughly filled. The Hon. G. F. Angas was voted to the chair, and was surrounded by ministers and gentlemen of all denominations. The Rev. C. W. Evan gave out Mont gomery's hymn, commencing, ' When on Sinai's top I see,' which having been sung, the Rev. W. Butters im plored the Divine blessing. The Rev. Silas Mead, M.A., L.L.B., then read the following financial statement : — ' Treasurer's Statement. Donation of a friend to the cause ... £500 0 0 Subscriptions ? 1,643 7 0 Collections, Sunday, ... £42 11 3 ' Monday ... 14 16 8 ? £57 7 11 Tickets, &c;, for Lecture ? 100 0 0 £2,390 14 11 ' This sum the same kind friend has very generously promised to supplement by £1,000. in addition to his former donation of £500. This makes the sum total now raised £3,300 Us; lid. ESTIMATED COST. Land ? '. ? ? ... £400 Contract ? - ... 4,810 Pewing, fencing, Architect's Commission ... 605 £5,815 ' I may be permitted to state that the ladies of the church and congregation have worked very earnestly in order to diminish our expenditure ;. and I may also say that no member of our Church has been officially asked for subscriptions, but the amounts given by individual members show they have done what they could. The appeals made to other friends for aid have, on the whole, been very liberally responded to. With some few excep tions evident sympathy has been shown towards this undertaking. We are grateful for the aid thus rendered. We are much gratified, moreover, that this aid hss been rendered without our having had recourse to metho&s; of raising money which it is difficult to harmonise with the principles of Christian voluntaryism. That glorious principle is the basis of our action. We hold it firmly, hold it in its integrity. We believe in it ; believe in its power, believe in its adequacy to supply our require ments, believe in its purity, believe in its righteousness ; above all, we believe this is the principle appointed, approved of, and blessed by the great Head of the Church. It is, therefore, our determination to carry it out fully and purely.' The Chairman then briefly introduced the Rev. Isaac New to the meeting. Mr. New before commencing his lecture, congratulated the meeting on the gratifying report which had just been read, saying they had done almost as well as they did in Melbourne, and he hoped they might do better. He then quoted an eloquent passage from the writings of Dr. Johnson, written on the occasion of -his visiting fona, and said he had intro duced that quotation because of the principle it involved respecting the associations connected with particular places, and if the historian or the philan thropist felt peculiar emotions on visiting such locali ties, the Christian might reasonably entertain similar sentiments respecting places mentioned in the Holv feenptures. It was wit h no superstitious feelings that he invited them to accompany him in imagination to Sinai, Zion, Tabor, and Calvary, although the supersti tious exercise of similar feelings had iu the dark ages resulted in the undertaking of crusades and pilgrimages to the Holy Land. The lecturer then rapidly drew a graphic picture of the circumstances attending the delivery of the Israelites from Egypt, and of their journeyings until they arrived at Sinai. Mr. New then, in concise and powerful language, gave an account of the delivery of the Law from Mount Sinai, and rapidly glanced at the nature of the Ten Commandments. Mount Ziou next came under review — ' Beautiful for situation, the joy of the whole earth is Mount Zion.' It was also a fortress of the first order, and was deemed almost impregnable. The Israelites loved Zion. There was the temple whither the Tribes went up every year. Wherever the Israelites were, their hearts seemed to turn to Zion, especially when in captivity. The service of the Taber nacle, the Ark, the Shekinah, the office of the Priests' and Leviten, were briefly described ; also the great annual day of atonement, and the reference which these things had to the Gospel Dispensation was alluded to. Reference was made to a common mistake of confound ing Zion with Mount Moriah, on which the temple was built, and it was explained as probably arising from the fact that Jerusalem was built on Mount Zion ; while Mount Moriah, on which the temple stood, was a lesser and adjoining elevation. The prophets even spoke of Zion as the site of the temple, and hence the mistake was perpetuated. Mount Tabor, ' the Mount of Trans figuration,' was next considered, and tbe scene de scribed. The Transfiguration was one of those transac tions by which Christ was inducted into His great office. The glory which the disciples saw on the Saviour's countenance proceeded from himself, while the glory which was seen on Moses' face was derived — reflected. Awful as- was Mount Sinai, beautiful as was Mount Zion, glorious as was Mount Tabor, 'Thou art heaven on earth to me, lovely, mournful Cal vary.' The circumstances attending the death of Christ were described, and his sacrifice was spoken of as an act of uncompelled devotion, it was both anticipative and retrospective. By it the rites and ceremonies of the Jewish dispensation were explained, and the dark allusions of the prophets were made clear, aud a bright effulgence was shed over the entire canon of the Old Testament. On Mount Calvary the Mighty One travailed in the greatness of His strength and effectuated the redemption of the human race. Sinai and Calvary were related ; on the one they had the law, on the other the Gospel. Sinai and Tabor were also related ; on the one was the lawgiver, and on the other the introducer of the Gosp9l Dispensation. They were also related as being where the heads of the two great dispensations received their credentials. Sinai and Zion belonged to the past, to the legal dispensation ; Tabor and Calvary to the Gospel which remaineth for ever. The two former related to symbols— the two latter to established permanent facts. Sinai called for justice — nothing but stern justice ; but on Calvary no thunders rolled ; there God revealed himself in the serene, loving aspect ot a Father— a God of love and mercy. Moses appeared on Tabor to resign his office in favor of the Messiah, and, having done so, he retired, aud Christ remained. The canon of Scripture was now closed and no new-light was to be looked for from all courts of law or courts ecclesiastical; theyw-;reto turn away and to be guided only by the teachings of Christ. If they turned from Christ to the teachings of man they would be led by the ignis faiuus of human fallibility into the swamps and marshes of perdition. If they turned away from the teachings of Christ to those of man they would listen to the cabalistic mutterings of witches and wizards instead of to the Divine voice of Him of whom the voice from heaven said, ' This is My beloved Son, hear ye Him.' But, said the lecturer, he would not leave them on Sinai, on Zion, or on Tabor, but on Calvary, where all the wants of their souls would be satisfied— where' all that the prophets had foretold was fulfilled ? where the Sun of Righteousness shone with healing in his wings. He envied not the cold sneering infidel dogmas of a rationalism which would reduce the glorious sacrifice of the Son of God to the death of a mere man, and so deprived themselves of some of the most comforting doctrines of the Bible. Let them by their sophistries explain it away as they might, there was no salvation but in the cross, and in that alone would he glory. Let them not forget tbe solemnities of Sinai, the beauties of Zion, the glories of Tabor, nor all the love and mercv of Calvary. J The lecture occupied an hour and a quarter in its deli-very and was ocaasionally applauded, a proceeding which was thought] rather inappropriate by a portion of the audience, as the lecture partook very much of the nature of a sermon. In the above report we have given rather a descripiion of the lecture, than attempted to take down the exact phraseology. In justice, therefore, to the lecturer, as well as to ourselves we mention this, and may add that the lecture was amost eloquent one, and we hardly wonder at occasional pas sagos calling forth involuntary bursts of applause, espe cially considering that it was delivered on a week day and to a mixed audience, in White's Assembly Rooms 