ST. ANDREW'S DAY. I PICNIC OF No. 2 COMPANY VOLUNTEER RIFLES. ON saturday last, a picnic, on a very extensive scale, arranged by the members of No. 2 Company of Volunteer Rifles, took place at Matu j Beach. Including fifty four members of the company, there were about 250 in all. Of this number there were about one hundred Indies. The company assembled at Hyde Park, at eight o'clock, and, accompanied by many of their friends, proceeded to Manly Beach. Upon arrival the party proceeded to the rifle butts, and commenced shooting for prizes. This occupied the time up to two o'clock. The Ministry had been invited, and shortly before one o'clock Mr. Cowper, Mr. Arnold, and Mr. Robertson arrived. Immediately on the conclusion of the firing, the party proceeded to the dinner, which was laid out in a large building adjoining the Steyne Hotel, about 230 sat down, the chair being occupied by Captain Windeyer-the Ministry on his right and left. After full justice had been done to the viands : the company fell in, and while at shouldered arms a photograph of the group was taken by Mr. Glaister, a copy of which it is intended to send to the Illustrated London News. The CHAIRMAN gave the usual loyal toasts, " The Queen," and "Prince Albert and the rest of the Royal Family," both of which were received with much enthusiasm. The CHAIRMAN, in rising to propose " His Excellency the Governor," said the toast was one which would meet with a hearty response not only from the Volunteers, but from the colonists at large. (Cheers.) From the numerous occasions they had had of observing that gentleman's feelings towards the Volunteers, they must know that no man rejoiced more I heartily in their success as a corps than his Excel- I lency did. (Cheers.) The toast having been duly honoured, The CHAIRMAN proposed a toast which, he said, must never be forgotten when citizen soldiers met together on such an occasion as the present, it was, "The Army and Navy" (Loud cheers ). If there was one thing which a movement such as ours enabled us better to understand than another, it was the importance of the duties which those performed whose healths we were about to drink-the difficulties they had to encounter and the study they had to go through to enable them to become masters of their profession, and from a feeling of sympathy which we must all have towards those who took up the military profession, we knew that they must ever be animated by those feelings which had always animated Englishmen when called on to do service on behalf of their country (Cheers ). He need scarcely state that the Volunteer movement could never have succeeded amongst us if it had not been for the valuable assistance we had had from the military already in this country (Hear, hear ) And the Volunteer movement could never have attained such eminent success in the mother country if it had not been for the glorious British Army, which, though small in numbers compared with the vast armies which continental countries could send forth, had been enabled to maintain the supremacy of England when called upon in any quarter of the world. (Cheers ) He would therefore propose The Army and Navy " The toast having been enthusiastically received, Lieutenant Adjutant BAINES responded on behalf of the Army The CHAIRMAN next proposed "The Ministers of the Crown " (Cheers) He believed that this was the first time that that toast had been given upon the occasion of a Volunteer meeting ("No") He had lately seen in an English newspaper an account of how upon various occasions the Ministers of England had met the people for whom they governed the country, and if there was an occasion for a movement in which we should wish to see the Ministry of the country going heart and hand, it was the Volunteer movement (Cheers ) He therefore felt considerable pleasure in embracing the opportunity of recognising in some degree the services that the Ministry had rendered to the Volunteer movement (Cheers ) Although he did not always agree with his hon friend on his right, he did congratulate him upon this movement having originated during the time he held office-a movement that he believed would be a permanent one in this country, and one that would materially tend to the consolida- tion of the people (Cheers ) But for the read) sympathy and support which the movement had met with at their hands, it could never have been consoli- dated in the manner that it had been (Cheers ) It was only a few days ago that we were regretting that the Sydney Companies had not the means of acquiring proficiency in the use of the rifle those splendid weapons which the Ministry had ordered from England without any authority from Parliament He congratulated his hon friend upon having had the courage to face that responsibility, and he thought that the success of the Volunteer movement had fully justified him in having faced it (Cheers ) He was about to say that only a few days ago the Sydney Volunteers were regretting that they had not a proper place to practise rifle shooting and he was happy to say that their application to the Ministry for such a place had been immediately responded to, and that steps had been promised to be taken which he was sure would result in that most desirable ingredient in perfecting ourselves in the use of arms He had, therefore, much pleasure in proposing the healths of the Ministers of the Crown The toast was drunk amidst loud demonstrations of applause Sir Cow TER was received on rising with prolonged cheering He could assure the company that, on behalf of his colleagues and himself, he most cordially reciprocated the kind expressions with which they had been received There was nothing which he could regard with greater pride and satisfaction than the success that had attended the Volunteer movement in New South Wales. It had been said, with as much truth as there had been in many other things alleged against the present Government, that they were: ' at first unfavourable to the formation of Volunteer Corps. ("No, no.") He could assure them that that charge had not the slightest foundation in fact and he was glad that his Inn, friend in the chair had appreciated the difficulties under which this movement was originally commenced, and that he did not share the sentiments that had been expressed in other quarters, He would take this opportunity of addressing a few words to the Volunteers, and he would endeavour as briefly as he could to disabuse their minds with regard to the misapprehensions existing as to the conduct of the Government towards the Volunteer movement. His honorable friend in the chair had congratulated him (Mr. Cowper) on the success that had attended the Volunteer movement. He was glad to think that it was felt to be a success ; but he believed that such were the difficulties attending the formation of the corps that had the slightest mistake been made at starting, the movement would only have been subjected to the same amount of ridicule as attended the formation of the first Volunteer companies in this colony. It was because he desired to steer clear of the shoals which wrecked the first Volunteer corps that he had acted somewhat cautiously when his hon. friend and others were attempting to revive the Volunteer movement. And he was glad to find that his hon. friend recognised to-day the services rendered to the volunteer movement by Colonel Kernot and the rpmilar military officers, without, whose assistance it could not have been so successful as it had been. (Cheers.) He hoped the Volunteers now understood, at all events, whatever might have been their impression in the first instance, that without having had military training, and acquaintance with military discipline, they could never have succeeded in establishing themselves as they had done. The first difficulty which the Government experienced was that of obtaining military officers to take the lead S and, aware as he was of the prejudice (he did not use the word in any offensive sense) against handing the volunteer movement over to a regular military officer in the barracks, it was with considerable hesitation that he took any decided step towards appointing an inspecting field-officer. He had looked all round the colony from one end to the other, and he had found no individual possessing the necessary qualifications to justify the offer of the appointment to him. After considerable hesitation, and after waiting for several weeks, and consulting with those whose experience in the matter had been, greater than his own, he did feel that Colonel Kempt was a gentleman who was both extremely well qualified for the office and who would also enter readily into the Volunteer movement, and accordingly the offer was made to him. There was at the time some prejudice against the appointment, but the good sense of those who took the lead in the movement led them to accept of Colonel Kempt'« services, and the Volunteers were bound to express their gratitude to Colonel Kempt for having come forward and lent his services for the formation of the Volunteer corps. (Cheers.) He (Mr. Cowper) looked upon the formation of Volunteer companies as the greatest social movement of the age. (Hear, hear.) It had been felt to be so in other countries besides New South Wales. But there was one thing that ought to be thoroughly understood that it was not merely the formation of Volunteer companies and wearing of uniform that would make good soldiers ; they must attend drill, subject themselves to discipline, and undergo training. And he was not quite sure that in other respects besides making good soldiers, that discipline would not be beneficial to them. (Hear, hear.) Those of them who had read Lord Palmerston's late speech at Dover, on his being appointed Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports, had seen that sentiment much better expressed than he could express it and he hoped that the Volunteers in this country would endeavour to imitate rather the courage and boldness of their military brethren in the mother country than the cole tity of movement displayed by the Americans at Bull's Run. (Laughter and cheers). Or if the Sydney Volunteers should ever be called out to display celerity of movement, he hoped it would be in an entirely opposite direction. (Cheers). He was glad of having this his first opportunity of addressing the Volunteers, He could again assure them, on the part of his colleagues and himself, that they entertained the most cordial sympathy towards the Volunteer movement, that nothing which lay in their power would be withheld from them, and that they would on every occasion render them their hearty co-opera- tion and warmest support. (Loud cheering). Loud calls were then made for Mr. ARNOLD, who expressed his gratification at an opportunity being afforded for an explanation to the Volunteers of the feeling which the Ministry had ever entertained towards them, and of the position they had always taken with regard to the movement. It seemed to him utterly incompatible and inconsistent with the desire that had uniformly been felt for the country to be governed by the people's Ministry that they should show any unwillingness to the country ' being defended by the people's soldiers. (Cheers.) It was with this feeling that he had always opposed the maintenance, out of the funds of this country, of an army imported from the mother-country it being his belief that, with the assistance of a small detach- ment, for the purpose of aiding in the original organisation of Volunteer corps, we had the raw material in the country for the establishment of a sufficient force to maintain the inviolability of our soil. And it appeared to him that the result of the Volunteer movement had fully justified all his predictions and feelings in this respect. Although he had always been one of those who had voted to reduce the expenses that the country was put to for the maintenance of English soldiery, it was only from the feelings he had expressed. And nothing had given him greater pleasure than to co-operate with his hon. friends in undertaking his share of the responsibility in incur- ring the necessary expenses attending the organisation of the Volunteer force even before the money had been voted by Parliament. He had been so thoroughly convinced of the desirability of entrusting the defence of the country to its own citizens, as to entertain no doubt that the country would, through, the Parliament, when called upon, sustain the action of the Ministry. He believed there was very little doubt that ever the time should are we whenthepeople were called upon to defend this country against a foreign invasion, they would be fully able, relying on the present Volunteer force as the nucleus of the larger forces which circumstances would then call into existence, to defend it against any force that might stuck it. (Cheers.) He was aware of the enormous forces which some foreign countries might bring to bear against us as compared with those we possessed. But what inducement was offered to any foreign nation to invade a country, the value of which was entirely dependent upon the people within it know- ing as they must that, supposing they succeeded in landing upon these shares, they would conquer not the inhabitants, but only the barren country ? And if even such a misfortune should happen (for it would be a misfortune, that the soil of this country should be benched with the blood of its invaders and its defenders, the invaders would have reason to acknowledge that, however few men there were to defend the country, few as they were, they were, at all events, ready to fight and die in its defence. (Cheers.) Mr. ROBERTSON then rose in answer to repeated calls, and addressed the company. He could merely endorse what had been said by his hon. colleagues as to the part the Government had taken with regard to the Volunteer movement. There was not one dissentient voice in the Government when it was proposed to send for the rifles. (Cheers.) And with regard to the other matter mentioned by his hon. and gallant friend -(laughter) the chairman-he alluded to the ground for rifle practice-why when the deputation came to see him on the matter they had their answer in two moments-that the Government would be glad to comply with their request. (Cheers.) As he would have another opportunity of addressing them, he would only now assure them that the Government would at all times do anything in their power to advance the Volunteer movement. (Cheers.) The CHAIRMAN then gave as the next toast, " The Rifle Association of New South Wales," remarking that that body of gentlemen were well entitled to the thanks and consideration of the Volunteers of New South Wales. Those gentlemen, recognising the importance of the Volunteer movement, had come forward in the most handsome manner, and had provided prizes to stimulate the emulation of the volunteers in acquiring proficiency in the use of the rifle. (Cheers.) The toast having been drunk, Mr. S. A. JOSEPH, as a member of the committee of the Rifle Association, briefly returned thanks. The CHAIRMAN next proposed " The Press," acknowledging the support which the Volunteer movement had received in the newspapers. The toast was drunk enthusiastically, and was appropriately responded to. Mr. ROBERTSON then rose to propose " Captain Windeyer and the Officers of No. 2 Company." (Prolonged cheering.) Captain Windeyer was the son of one of the greatest men who had ever appeared in this country, and who was one of his (Mr. Robert- son's) earliest and warmest friends. He could remember his hon. and gallant friend the chairman when he was not so high as the table, and he had watched his career until he had become one of the. leading representatives of the people in the House of Legislature-a barrister- at-law, and last, but not least, the captain of No. 2 Company. (Cheers.) Mr. Windeyer was a gentleman who had distinguished himself in every walk of life that he had entered upon; he had been the most enthusiastic, the most indefatigable, in obtaining the establishment of the present Volunteer movement, and had, as the result of his labours in that capacity, been elected captain by two companies. But he (Mr. Robertson) was at a loss to understand why this company was called the No. 2 Company ; it ought rather to be called the No. 1 Company. (Laughter.) When he looked around him and saw brave and gallant men, who had distinguished themselves as Volunteers, and saw also bright eyes and lovely women, it seemed to him that, not only with regard to the citizen soldiers, but also to their fair visitors, we were in first-rate company. (Laughter.) There was one observation of his gallant friend's that he did not concur in the stated that he conceived that the services of the regular military were more advantageous in the establishment of a volunteer force than anything else. Now, if he were to judge of the appearance of the lovely women he saw around him, it would appear to him that these would have a much greater influence than any co-operation on the part of the regular military. It would be admitted on every hand, ample proof having been given, that the captain and officers of this company were able, in- trepid, and efficient officers ; this might be judged from the manner in which their company went through their evolutions in the Domain and elsewhere, and from their having carried off the prizes for rifle shooting. (Cheers.) The toast having been drunk with acclamation, The Chairman rose to return thanks for the hand- some manner in which his own health, and that of his brother officers had been received. His hon, friend, in proposing the toast, had alluded to the circumstances under which he had become the captain of the, No. 2 Volunteer Company. He (the chairman) looked upon that as, though the last, yet not the least of the important parts which he had played, and which he hoped to be able to play out in the tree of his public character. If there was anything of credit due to him, it was that he had felt himself in that position where he was constantly driven on to be of service to the public. He had the honour- and he might say, the dreadful responsibility to a young man to feel what it was to be the son of men whose career had been spoken of in such high terms by his hon. friend on his left. If there were any credit due to him, it was the credit of understand, ing the responsibilities of his position, that he had been, like Themistocles of old, who was robbed of sleep by dreaming of the trophies of Miltiades anxious to serve the public as his father had been before him. (Cheers.) He did feel the greatest pride in having taken any port in the organisation of the Volunteer movement, and he would ever remember with satisfaction the day when he first drew out a requisition to the Mayor to call a public meeting to inaugurate the Volunteer movement. He would look upon it as crowning his satisfaction at the i part he took in that movement, that he was i afterwards elected by two companies to the post of captain. He would also esteem it a matter of satin I faction that he had become the captain of a company which he believed to be in itself the embodiment of one of the greatest goods that had resulted from the I Volunteer movement-the better understanding and I bringing together of all classes of the community. I Cheers. He believed that he had the honour to I command a company in which there were men filling i all ranks and positions in life meeting shoulder to shoulder, united by one common feeling of duty-the defence of their country. (Cheers.) He looked upon this us one of the greatest goods of the Volunteer movement, that it resulted in the production of the feeling that after all, though the citizen soldiers might be divided by party misunderstandings and party strife, they were still citizens of one and the same , country, all bound to defend it. (Cheers.) Before he sat down he would propose another toast it was that of " Our Visitors." The gentlemen who had honoured us with their presence, though not Volunteers themselves, felt and manifested a warm interest in the advancement of the movement. The toast having been drunk with all the honours, The Rev. D. WOOLLEY rose, amidst loud cheering, to return thanks. He said that if it had not been for his rapidly advancing years, and his peaceful profession, he should be ashamed to occupy a place amongst them as a visitor. He had thought not lately for the first time, but ever since the Volunteer movement had been revived, that every man in whom there remained any pith or manly vigour was bound to join the half-sacred band which had under the blessing of God united the youth of this glorious empire to defend our hearths and homes. (Cheers.) He was glad to find that the feeling in favour of the Volunteer movement had become so general, and End.ed universal. There was at the beginning of the Renewed Volunteer movement something like opposition on the high peace principles. He hoped and believed that even that ghost had been laid. However orthodox we must be, we must all be convinced that there were some things which peace was not a fair price for. He believed that even those who were the greatest sticklers for the most careful interpretation of the Holy looks, who professed to believe that they ought to offer no resistance when their cheeks were smitten or tell coats taken away, had no idea that it would be a Christian, act when a French or an Austrian invader took away one's daughter or sister to offer his wife to, (Laughter.) He believed that that ghost also had been fairly laid. He was quite sure though he hoped the days would never come when the Volun- tons of New South Wales would meet on a less pleasant occasion than the present- that if the time their interference should arrive there were those amongst us who would take (as Judge Wise lately re lacked in reference to another matter a much truer him than they had taken to-day. (Laughter.) But it was not so much in a military point of view in this Volunteer movement was so ex early valuable ; it was rather in the ear it afforded of consolidating a national plug amongst us. It was often said that a colonists were very cheeky, but in his opinion it was not our fault ; it was rather that we were a cut deal too modest. (Laughter.) We had been i accustomed to be talked to as very naughty children is as being immensely inferior to our brethren in a old country that we had at length come to believe the accusation and the consequence was, that he did not trust in ourselves. He hoped that this volunteer movement would have the effect of show gUS that we were not so very inferior as was alleged four good elder brothers in the old country. He had been in this country ten years, and he could only by that the young men he had had to do with here are quite as dear to him as the best fellows he had to death, before he came here ; and it did not need the Be of beauty and grace he saw around him, to can see him that the wives and daughters of Australia not yield in personal attractiveness to those born the two homes of beauty-the sister islands of the it. The speaker concluded by bearing his testimony the splendid discipline maintained in the No. 2 pany, the best proof of which was that the men, landing from the steamer, had marched on wearing internees countenances, and without taking the Jt notice of the lovely creatures about them, tighter and cheers.) ML WILSHIRE then proposed "The Ladies," and t.NisiiiTT briefly [responded to the toast. The 11th of Mr. Chalk, the host of the Steyne Hotel, u proposed by Lieutenant WILSON, and duly lowed, after which the company retired. The company having been formed into open square, prizes were presented, and a testimonial to ser- are Strong, subscribed for by members of his conduct as a mark of their appreciation of his general schooling. He was also the winner of the cup Wanted by Captain Windeyer. A portrait of the test was won by Mr. Nesbitt. After this there were athletic sports and dancing, tich terminated the proceedings, and the party re- tied to Sydney. I 