To the Editor of the LauiuesCon Examiner. WHAT IS TRUTH P MR. FAWNS'S LuCTDRE. Uob&rt; Town, 26th Sept. It is wilh much painful reluctance I have to request, of jod to give admission to this letter. Having lately printed in tbo Examiner a lecture on Rome delivered by Mr Fawns, |un. containinig, ai I believe, many erroneous Btatemenrs, statements not only calculated to lead parsons astray regarding impoitant matters, but also to create a spirit ol leiigiousdiscord, heartburnings and animo titles; 1 irnst you will in justice give me an opportunity to lay such (jc s before your roa. ders as will I hope prove thjt Mr Fawn has nol fiiven correct ncaounls in this lecture Before proceed bg to do so I beg you will bo so good ae to reprint your introduction, to the lectnre «s found in your p«per 12th Sept.— llr. FawnB1 Lecture on Borne. — Mr . Fawns' friends feel indignant at tho intuit tint bss been offered to him, and nsk In justice to him that bis lecture ea far as possible, may be pub lished from the notu he has left behind. Ae a nttireof Jho colony and a desoendant of the followers of John Knox, he does oat und;r stand why be should bo deuied tho liberty of Bpeeoh hero ho oojoyod in Great Brltaiii ; and although compelled to depait for Europe and therefore unable to defend himsa'.f, he left (his message— that he was no professional leclurer and had only delivered five or six in Iim lifa ; (hat it was by eptolil rt quest bo con aeutfd to address audience! Sn this island ;that 18 hnd no intention to oftend any one ; (hat he pledges his honor to (he troth of «vcry(hing he staled ; that he never heard of jrasworku or »»w gaslights in Borne, and that his descrip tions were confined to whst he saw and ex perlenoed and not to what he knew nothing ?boat; io ehort that he communioated no- tfelog EBW.tint wliM lud ^itrtwlibr TSBntortiJi and was already weil known, Here we bsve yonf authority that Mr Fawns has ftited nothing but ' what he a&w; and experienced.' That oirenmstance will, 1 hope be duly noted by those who may read this letter. With regard to your assertion thit this geir tleinan ' had no intention to offend any one,' I may be permitted to remark that the tone and tenor of tbe lecture convince me Mr Fawns did not trouble himself regarding (he feelings of hla Catholie fellow townsmen, and (hat foot I think t uh≪ he able to demonstrate to the satisfaction of all men of candid minds before I conclude this communication. I have no desire to enter open the various errors in the lecture— such as the want of water In Rome, the closing of the Ghetto at tea at night, the ten thousand priests, only ten thousand ! the law compelling all men to go to confession twice each year, the worn out and nauseous calumny that the Council of Trent had decreed that ' the Pope and the Lord form the fame tribunal, so that sin excepted the Pope can do all that God can do !' These and many other matters I shall pass over, and only call epecial attention to the following statements made by Mr Fawns as positive ex isting facts. ' 1. Mr Fawut assetis — ' The rtreets at night are only lighted by a small oil lamp suspended between ths houses on each side by a ttiing, with very little oil and very Hide wick, you got no real benefit, only io fact, be come cognizant of the darkness.' tjnbtequeotly he eays ' be has no recollection ofgi».' My last visit to Borne was in 1851, where I spent between four and five months. When* ever in the streets in tbe evening there I found es brilliant gas lamps as ever I met with in England, France, or Australia— lampe, not ?appended ia the middle of the streets, but on posts »t the tides of the houses, and on potts *8 elegant « those in London or Uobatt Town How Mr Pawns could mistake these brilliant gas Sights for shabby oil ones, of course I can not devise ; but (hat he did so is actually proved, it we are to believe bis words; and this oi'cumatance alone must convince any Mtiiinsl being that either this gentleman's vision was eo imperfect, as not to allow him to distiogniah tho differenae between the twiuu liog of a miserable oil lamp and a brilliant gas light, or that he has stated in his lecture what he knew waa not correct. In either case tho testimony of such a witness can be of little worth. And whilst speaking on the aubj at of gas, I might ask, how could it occur that when Mr Fawns was ia thai part of Bobio where stood the paiaoe of the Ceiara, he oould avoid eec a huge building, huge in length end breadth, with its lofty chimney, and shaped like no other building in that city; or if indeed he did bbb such erection, and knew not to what use it was appropriated, he bad not tbe curi osity to enquire ? Had he done so, be would have been in formed it was the place where the gas was made to light the public streets and private bous:e ; and by that means, at nil events, be weal j have ascertained that gas was use! even in Borne. He tells us in bis lecture that Borne contains a population of 190,000; you may tnerefore easily imagine the gm works are not on ft very 'limited scale. But still Ibis building wo most suppose, escaped Mr Fawns's observation ! Well, ba it eo I 2\. Mr Fawns states—' A Roman prison fa an awful place, where yon are almost tute to be devoured with vermin, and only once a day a handful of corn is given (o be mixed with water as food.' This Mr Fawns bis seen, or can pledge hiratelf as to its truth. I too, have vMted Rottmn prisons, aud per haps us many times as Chat gentlemen, atm, not. being entirely a novice in prison mailers, was anxious to examine minutely those iu Rntne. Sotno of th-m required considerable alterations in (heir arrangement, &3, and Mr Uiguire, in his bock on Bonie, (ells us, lhat great improvements were iu progress. But, Bir, to the point in question. I can state that 1 have been present when the ra tions were served out — u&va; carefully cu min- ed and tasted them— and can affirm that it has never be' n my lot tr- seo food fo good aad so plentiful in any gaol in England (and I have «pen many ?- or in France, New Sooth Wales. Victoria, or Tasmania. I mean tbe felons' gaol in Borne. A grosser calumny was nerer fabiicatcd than lhat about 'the handful of corn once a any.' I most presume .Mr Fawns has allowed some impudent knave to impose upon him with the vile story. Charity for htm, dictates this anppotition. S. Mr Fawns observes— ' There is one more peculiar ceremony, &c.;' There is one more peculiar ceremony per formed by one of the Cardinals during Holy Week. He curses all Jews, Turks, and Here tics, wbioh last include several thousands of ProtemntB, English, Amerioan, and German, spending the winter in Rome. These sit earned by ' Bell, Boo!:, and Candle.' The little belt i) rung, the cures is snog from the book, and the lighted (apetfi arc thrown down amongst the peoplo. When ail tho monks and priests ere as. sembled ia tlie cathedral, the Cardinal pro nounces tho following curse : — ' By (be authority of (jod the Father Al mighty, of th« B!eM-d Virgin Mary, tf St. Peter and St Paul, and of (ho Holy SaiDts— first au excommunication, and thoa the Car dinal with a deep voice proceeds thus — We ourceand ban (oron;Uw) commit and deliver to tho Devil of He)! him or her, whatever he or she may beeicommutiicated, and acoarsed may they be and given !-odr and Haul to tha Devil; curaed be thBV iD citios, in towns, In fields, in way?, in pa'lbs, in houses, cut of hauECs, and all oilier rlewE standing, lying, or lining, walking, lunning, sleeping, 'oaling, drinking, aud whatsoever Ihiega they do bo sides. Wo 6epnrat» them from tho threshold and from all p'ayersof the Cuurch, from the holy mass, fr.-m all tho SRCMments, from holy braid and water, Uom all the merits of God'e priests, and religious men, lrom all pardons, privilege?, grants, immunities whieh all the boiy Fathers and Popes of Rome have granted, and we give them over to the power of the fiend and let us quench theii soul if they he doad thie night ia (hu pains of hel! Gro as (hid candle is quenched and put out (one is pat out) ;an4 lei at pray io God that if they be alive their eyes may be pot out as this candle U put out second candle put out) and lot us pray to G)d, and to our'Lsdy, and to St Peter and St Paol, and all (ho Holy Saints, that all (he senses or their body may fail them, and (hat they may have no feeling es nowHhis candle is gone (thrown down), e-,cept they come openly and now oonfiits tlit ir blai-phoruy, and hy le penttnoe as in Ihem shall lir, make eonlession and satisfaction to Uod, our Lady, S^ Peter, and the worthipful company cf (his our Cathe dral Church.' As (his '? peculiar ceremony' Ukes pl«ce publicly in the Oadiedrai, that is, in St Peter's Mr Fawn's no doubt, was present, as we are told ' (hat he pledges hiini-ulf an his honor, that he states nothing but vhat ho saw.' New, Sir, it has been tuy good foituce to be in Romo three different times duiing Holy Week aud each time 1 have had tha htppiuew to attend tho sublime torvloes of Iho Church In that Cathedral. Nol, hjwevor, until I read the cunw in yonr newspaper, did I ever hear ono word about this curtlng conice. 1 have oartainly » toleiablo acquaintance with (he Roman Liturgy, having had it pretty oon. Blantlv In my Hands for nearly hnlf a century; ind, would you believe me, 1 have nover met with ibis '?peouliarteivloo' in any of its parts. Of course if this awful oeremony and fearful tnrwTBBHytBtfcTlseD, 'Wher In -ftome-or lit any portion of the Latin Church, it jmut b( found Ib some part ot the Liturgy. The Li turgy of the Church doss sot change with ' every wind of doctrine.' Bnt, etlU It 1i quite true tbit J have keen present when ? Cardinal officiated in St Peter's Cathedral, la Holy week, when priests and monks were there and when he has mentioned tsbitmatlos and heretics (J presume lhat Mr Fatal will allow (hero is tuch a fin as heresy, at least rBt Pan! did), lint I beard no cures uttsrsd. The following prayer was poured forth, hut forsooth, it savors very little of a curse, as yon will perceive : — , ,. ?? O Almighty and Eternal Qoi, who savesl all, and would** have none to perish ; look down on those souls that are seduced by the deceits of the deril; that the hearts of all those that ?rr, laying atido oil heretical insJioe, may as pent and return (o the unity of the truth. Through Jettia OJsrltt onr Lord, who livest one God world without end.— Amen.' There are «to other aervloei in 8tP«taw, in Holy Week, when with ? Cardinal, or Oar. dioajs, PclestJi,-aod Monks attend, aad wh« tapers ire Jlgbted, and from tine to Ume,-a- unguisbed; and I am strongly ioojined to suppose the wonderful story Mr Fawns related to ihe good people of Launoeeton abontibe cursing and lighted tapers, has iu origin in this function. JLetus examine A iitfle. ,W«4 netdajr, Thursday, and Friday evenings \a Holy Week, the divine office for the clergy fa termed '! Tenchne,' beoauae It Ukes pUce towards d-tk hour, And many, even etrangers, wlshtb attani. '1'hwfiret part of this d^tine service consists of nine of (he Psalms oT David, relerring, chiefly, to cur bless; d Lord and bU safferiogi, and at the end of each P«lm,* Uper is extinguished, to remind na : of. |tha approaching death of the World's Redeemer —that is, of what took place. Then portions from the Lamentations ot tbe Prophe' Jeremiah are sung in plaintive tones. Thfe section of tbe office is followed by other Psalms, the taper being extinguished, until the Oanticlg of Zaobariah is chanted (St Luke 1) and then when all tbe lights are put out, the Miserere Ptalm is sung or recited (which I hope Mr Fawns heard in tbe Blxtine ObapeL -oon- concluding with this sublime and BotuJtirriag prayer:— 11 ' Christ Ucame obedient for us onto death eves tbe death of tbe cross.' 'Look down, 0 Lord we beseech. TJiee, on this Thy family, for which our Lord Jesus Cnrist, did not hesitate to be delivered into the hands of wicked men. and to suffer the torment of the cioss; who lives and reigns with the Father and the Holy Ghost, forever and evsr. Amen.' And thus you ' ave a plain and simple statement o! what actually takes place In St. Peter's, and, In fact, in every portion of the Latin Chnrch, st that sacred time. And, Sir, is it not lamentable ttat a gentle man in Mr Fawus' p titioa can stand forth before a company of his fellow townsman, and tell them that ? e ha« beon present sod heard in Rome the vile cures u'.tered which you have published to the woi Id I Oan the reportof this portion of his lecture be (rat? If so, I would again fain believe that he has allowed himself to become the dupe of some impudent knave, or that he has copied this wicked story from some of those vile publications made to catch the unwary, and to pander to the ignorance or morbid appetite of the weak minded, tho bigoted, or the modern Pharisee. Having made this statement in the humble hope that charity which has been wantonly wounded by Mr Fawns may, in some measure, be healed, and that the footprints of religious strife he has left behind him on soil hitherto peculiarly free from animosity and bitter wranglings, may be speedily eradicates.' t beg leave to add that I shall not enter Into controversy with anyone, normj.u ..j »otw any anonymous communications that may ap- pair iu the public prints, nor even enoh ashave respectable names attached, nnless reference is made eobly to the three topics 1 have com mented upon, viz— Gas prison fare, and the alleged frightful curse. I have contradicted these three assertions made by Mr Kawns and have laid before yon and the public tbe grounds for doing so, DoUr to my flock, whose fooling* h&ve; been wounded, and (o the public at large, seemed to demand this nicatore of me, and I hope I have clearly demonstrated that Mr Fawns is not witness worthy of credit ; that prejudice, blind zeal, and fanaticism have caused him not to see things in Rome that really exist; to see things that did not exist, and to hear things that were never uttered. Zeal, when based on truth, justice, and charity, is no doubt most commendable; but when these sacred virtues are disregarded it becomes pernicious and bane ful. . The warning so emphatically given us by the wisest of men should serve to check us in our zeal when justice, truth, and the happiness of others are at stake—' These six things doth the Lord hate: Yea, seven are an abom ination unto him. A false witness that speaketh lies, and he that soweth discord among brethren'— Prov. vi, ]6, 19. I am, Sir. Year obedient servant, t B W. Wi&mok;, Catholic Bishop of Hobart Town. 