THE OXFORD "ESSAYS AND REVIEWS." (From the London Review, July, 1860.) We should hardly be faithful to our trust if we suffered this remarkable volume to run its course without a single word of comment. But anything like a review of it is out of the ques titra. The wide variety, and supreme import ance of the subjects with which it deals forbid the attempt to examine it as a whole or in; de taîl; "moreover, each of its individual topics," we may hope, has had or will have' its separate consideration in these pages. As a represents live book, however, giving us an elaborate specimen of the latest theology of the Neologian section of tho English Church, and a well- 'digested statement of the principles on which modern Oxford is prepared to join in the effort to loose the Christian faith from its fetters, it fairly demands from us a passing notice. The Table of Contents has a most imposing air ; indeed, few books in our time have come before the world with more pretensions than this. Seven Professors and Clergymen of the English communion, most of them already highly distinguished and occupying places of eminent trust, promise us the discussion of some of the gravest questions of the day,— questions on which all earnest hearts are deeply musing in these times, and most of which have an immeasurable importance for a times. These writers deprecate the reader's assumption of any combination or concert o their part. But there is a marvellous harmony more than fortuitous, reigning throughout the joint production. With the exception of the first—though that is scarcely an exception they breathe the same spirit ; there is one key- note,—that of the last Essay,—and the desolate strain, of an emancipated, creedless, semi- mystical Christianity is without any perceptible discord. Without attempting a formal analysis of the individual Essays, we shall strive to give honestly and succinctly,'the sum of several, at least, of these separate contributions to the whole. The first is by Dr. Temple, Head Master Rugby, on the ' Education of the World,-and contains, as might be expected, very much valuable matter. The Essay has all the fresh ness, breadth, and vagueness which, have mucn charmed and so extensively influenced large portion of the English public since the first publication of Arnold's writings. It begins with a fine realistic view of the human race as one colossal man, tho continuous organic variety of whose life reaches from the creation to the day of judgment. The successive generations men are days in this man's life. The inve- tions of different epochs are his works': thc creeds and opinions are his thoughts ; the sta of society at different times is his manners; he grows in knowledge, in self-control, in visible size, just as we do ; and his education is in the same way, and for tho same reason, precisely similar to ours. Each generation receives the benefit of the cultivation of that which preceded it. Not only in knowledge, but in dévelopment of powers, the child of twelve now stands at the level where once stood the child of fourteen -where' ages ago stood the full-grown man There io then a childhood, a youth, and a man hood of the world. Its training has three stages in its childhood, by positive rules ; in its youth by examples ; in its maturity by principles:— answering to the Law, the Son of Man, the gift of the Spirit. The race during the ancient economy was under the discipline of law. The Hebrew people, being selected, as the depository religious truth, received, after a short prepara- tion the Mosaic system. The law was a the prophets, comments which merge the me ordinances in the higher precepts, which are more argumentative than peremptory,- and which, while insisting on obedience still, yet treat the child as old enough to understand. The results of the whole , discipline of the Jewish nation may be summed up in two points,—a settled national belief in the unity and spirituality of God, and an acknowledging of the paramount importance of chastity as primary element of morals. This was the con- science of the young race trained in the Hebrew people. But other nations were being trained simi taneously, though their training was conducted without direct revelation. Bome, Greece, and Asia, contributed to make up the aggregate of the infant race. Rome contributed to the future youth, or the Christian Church, her discipline of order and government : Greece contributed her lesson of science, and art, and refinement Asia, her mystical element. 'Thus the He- brews may be said to have disciplined the human conscience, Rome the human will, Greece the reason and taste, Asia the spiritual imagination The childhood of the world was over when our Lord appeared.' The tutors and governors had done their work. The second teacher was example, the ' influence of which attains its maximum at the meeting-point of the child and the man, in' the brief interval which separates restraint from liberty. Our Lord, the Example of mankind, came 'in the fulness of time,' just when tho world was fitted to feel the power of His presence. Had He come earlier, the world would not have been ready, and the Gospel would have been the religion of the Hebrew only. Had He come later, He would have come to mankind already beginning' to stiffen into the fixedness of maturity. But, besides this supreme, and only Example, there were three other companions who exerted something of the same kind of influence upon the disciplined youth of the' race, as thus being trained by Divine education,—Greece, Rome, and the early Church ; the-first, à brilliant social com panion; thè second, a bold and successful leader ; and the ' third, an earnest, heavenly minded friend, whose sanctity and manners are still the cherished remembrance of the world. '. Lastly came the age of reflection, in which the man begins tp draw from the storehouse ol youthful experience the principles of life. - The spirit of conscience assumes the throne. There he frames his code of laws—the third great teacher, and the last. - In the individual man, however, there is still a process of learning and discipline going on. He .learns by the growth of his înner powers,and the accumulation of experience-; his freedom is the restraint of law; and thé inner law of mature life, and the outer law of childhood are still more or less com bînèd. So was it with the Christian Church, as the representative of mankind. The Church was left to work out, by her own na- tural faculties, the principle of her own action. She began by determin- ing her leading doctrines and the principles of her conduct. Reflection, and formula, and contest with heresy, evolved the hasty, dog matic creeds of the early ages.' These general- isations of early manhood were right on the whole ; that is, they always embodied, if they did not always rightly define the truth. But the Church was not capable of exhausting at once all the truth and wisdom contained in the teaching of the earlier periods. It exaggerated its proper function ; it claimed what tho apostles did not claim,—not only to teach the truth, but to clothe it in logical statements, not merely as opposed to prevailing heresies, (which was jus- tifiable.) but for all succeeding time. It belongs to a later epoch to see the ' law within the law,' which absorbs such statements into somethit higher than themselves. But then came the flood of undisciplined races, which carried the Church back to the dominion of outer law. The instinct of the Church received Judaism in the Papacy—her instinct, not her intention. The came the removal of the mediaeval yoke, when the time arrived that the conscience might again be the supreme guide. But with it returned, not the old dogmatism, but an entirely new lesson,—the lesson of toleration,— modifying the early dogmatism, by substituting the spirit for the letter, and practi- cal religion for precise definitions of truth. This lesson we are slowly but steadily learning Science, research, and free thought, have shown that ' there are more things in heaven and earth than were dreamt of in the Patristic the- ology.' We can use their forms, but go beyond them ; just as they went beyond the legacy left them by the Apostles. The Bible is suited to our self-education ; being without any despotic power, which its very form denies to it, and given to conscience as its supreme interpreter The mature age of the Church must be gov- erned by knowledge, knowledge alone, and the principles which it establishes. The thorough study of the Bible, therefore—the investigation of what it teaches and what it does not teach, the determination of the limits of what we mean by its inspiration, and the degree of, authority of its various books,—must take the lead of the other studies. Toleration must guide that study ; and then it will not be the study of those who go back to that view of the Bible which corresponds with the childhood and youth the world,—which is only a perverted use of it, —but of those who fear not the result of any investigation, whether philosophical, or scie- tific, or historical. Its power over the minds and hearts of believers will never be weaken by our clearing away the blunders which have been fastened on it by human interpretation, This is a fair summary of the Essay, which while it elaborates its great idea with masterly power, seems to us to be grievously unfaithful to one of its leading principles. The gift of the Spirit is stated at the outset to be the distinguishing mark of the mature age of the colossal man. Why then is He—not it—no further mentioned ? Has not the mature man of humanity—the living Church of Christ—re ceived the promise of the Holy Ghost to abide with him for ever ? And ought not that great element in the self-education of the mature world to he interwoven, and receive its fair esti mation? Such a mature man as is here des- cribed, without the supreme ascendancy and direction, of the Holy Spirit, is as à body with out a head. This ruinous defect vitiates the whole of this first Essay, with all its masterly generalisation ; and therefore it foreshadows, though faintly, all tho errors which ' are more glaringly, exhibited in the six which follow. In the second paper Bunsen's Biblical Re searches are described and extolled by a con genial spirit,—Dr. Rowland Williams, Vice Principal of St. David's College, Lampet and the well-known vindicator of * Christi Freedom.' In his eyes Baron Bunsen seems to be, in many respects, the foremost man in Christendom,' who, in our darkest perplexity has reared again the banner of truth, and ??which give ?? to the ablest, if not the ablest, of those champions of light and right to whom we are to look for the salvation of Protestant Europe from those shadows of the twelfth century which, with ominous recurrence, are closing around us. Let us sum up the Teuton's claims to this championship, as they are here dilated upon by his reverent and affectionate admirer or pupil. The war-cry of Bunsen's assault upon the powers of modern darkness is the question, 'How long shall we hear this fiction of an external revelation ?—language which his co- adjutor in the Anglican Church admits may be thought ' too vehement for good taste,' but which he classes with other very bold sayings of the prophet, as 'burning words needed by the disease of our time.' The 'Bible for the Church' is intended to be the final and effectual panacea for all those particular symptoms of a disease which may be classed under the head of Bibliolatry. In this ' Bible- work,' we shall have the latest—we fear, not the last—German reconstruction of the Word of God. There was a Bible before our present Bible ; and that some of our present books, as certainly Genesis and Joshua, and perhaps Job Jonah, Daniel, are expanded from simpler elements, is indicated in this book rather than proved, as Dr Williams thinks it might be. The great merit of Bunsen is, that he has gathered into himself all the light of the Illuminist criticism of the Scriptures, from Eichhorn to Ewald, which has been the glory of tho past century ; that he has entered into the heritage of past scholarship ; that is to say, that he has given up all the symbolism of the types, all the prediction of prophecy, amd the distinctive inspiration of the whole Bible and yet does not despair of Hebrew prophecy as a witness to the kingdom of God. Hebrew prophecy, however,' as it is here criti cised down to its legitimate dimensions, is worth very little, whether as a witness to its own age, or as a witness for ages to come Woful is the havoc made of the Prophets, the greater and the less. The 'older Isaiah' is left with some fragments of the earlier part of his book the rest he must be content to share with the interpolators. As to the latter part of his roll, he must surrender it with all its glory to pseudo Isaiah. With all its glory we have said ; but in truth its glory is departed ; for there is no one, greater in the very sanctuary of the book, where the Man of Sorrows is, than Jeremiah, or one of the Prophets, or the idealised afflicted people of God. This may suffice instead of a multitude of ex- amples; when once Scripture, in the person of its greatest mortal Prophet, is thus broken, it matters not that Daniel with his visions is lost, that Jonah is a 'late legend, founded on misconception,' that Jeremiah gives place to. Baruch, that Zechariah must yield the best part of his prophecies to Uriah or some one else, and that a, multitude of mutilations, disloca- tions, and violences, are done to all the rest; for, indeed, which of the Prophets has not this criticism persecuted and dishonoured? Far as Bunsen, the inheritor of the illumination of a century of criticism, goes,' Dr. Williams some times betrays a little impatience with his mas- er's comparative tardiness and restraint. The German faintly endeavours to make a compro- mise with his conscience, by appealing to a cer- tain mysterious principle of insight in human nature, which in Hebrew prophecy may have been exalted beyond its range in other men, The Englishman is hardly fair in his transla- tion of the words ; but he cannot concede, even to Bunsen, anything more than presentiment or sagacity. For himself, he reduces the Christology of prophecy to this: As John the Baptist answers the question, Art thou Elias ? by his express, I am not, while yet Jesus testifies that in Spirit and power this was Elias ; so by the help of a little reflection, we may come to perceive that the grief and triumph of Isaiah Iiii. have their highest fulfilment;—but we forbear to go any further with the quotation ' We must not distort the Prophets to prove the Divine WORD incarnate, and then from the in carnation reason back to the sense of pro- phecy. Loudly do justice and humanity ei claim against such traditional distortion o prophecy, as makes their own sacred writing a ground of cruel prejudice against the Hebrew people, and the fidelity of this remarkable race to the oracles of their fathers, a handle for social obloquy. The cause of Christianity itself would be the greatest gainer if we laid aside weapons, the use of which brings shame.' This simple sentence of our Hebrew Professor pursued to its fair conclusions, annihilate Christianity, and shuts the Bible at once. He, however, thinks very differently. To him the great result of all "is to vindicate the work of the Eternal Spirit; that abiding influ- ence which underlies all others, and which is the common source of inspiration to all good men, good thoughts, and books. . The sacred writers acknowledge themselves men of like passions with ourselves, and we are promised illumination from the Spirit which [not who?] dwells in them.' The doctrines which, under this illumina- tion of the sacred influence, Bunsen and his English panegyrist derive from the Scripture are in harmony with this lax view of inspira- tion. Doctrines they are not at all, strictly speaking; for this kind of theology 'admits of no definitions and formal statements of truth As the Holy Spirit is an influence, ' and -the Scriptures of truth (so- called) are simply the voice of the Church of all ages, there can be no dogmatic truth apart from its influence upon every individual mind ; the objective is merged in one everlasting and ever-varying subjective reproduction' of the ideas of truth ; and what men call ' doctrine' must needs change from generation to generation' ' Almighty God has been pleased to educate men and nations, em- ploying imagination ' no less than conscience, and suffering. his lessons; to play freely within the limits of humanity and its shortcomings.' The elements of good were to be found in all the more ancient or more modern religions of India and of Arabia, and even im those of Hellas and Latium. Thus revelation widens its range, to comprehend the truth of every system; and at the same time relaxes its rigour, in accommodation to the errors of every system. All the religious books of the worlds are one great Bible, of which the Hebrew and-Greek Scriptures contain certain sublime but loosely- preserved books. Some of them, exhibit, more adulteration of error, some less, but none are altogether without error. There is no pósitnve revelation bf truth' adapted to .every1* age All that is fixed and stable in Divine truth, be longs rather to natural than to what we call revealed religion. And for the one as for the other we have in ourselves a supreme verifying faculty; a secret, individual, absolute test; the witness in ourselves. It is in the Hippolytus (or the work which came out first under that name) that Bunsen dogmatic views. That work is commended to us as ' a congeries of subjects, but yet a whole, pregnant and suggestive beyond any book of our time. To lay deep the foundation of faith in the necessities of the human mind, and to establishes confirmation by history, distin- guishing the local from the universal, and translating the idioms of priesthoods or races into the broad speech of humanity, are among parts of the great argument.' With this sen- tence, so far as we understand it, we agree ; it is a fair character of the most astonishing work which has amazed the present generation. But it is very sad and very suggestive to mark in what way the learned renovator of Christianity pro- ceeds in his task of translating the idioms of Apostles into the broad speech of humanity. Jesus the Christ of God is in this translation the perfect embodiment of that religious idea which is the thought of the Eternal, and without conformity to which our world cannot be saved. The incarnation is purely spiritual ; the son of David by birth is the Son of God by the Spirit of holiness. The kingdom of God is the realisation of the Divine will in our thoughts and lives ; this expression of spirit in deed and form, is generically akin to creation and illustrates the dogma and fact of 'the in carnation. For, though the true substance of Deity took body in the Son of Man, it is a mistake to interpret his in any other sense than that in which we understand thé declara tion that he who abides in love abides in God and God in him. Hence; the doctrine -of the Trinity is a philosophical rendering of the first chapter of St John's Gospel. ' The pro foundest analysis of our world leaves the law of thought as its ultimate, basis and bond of co: herence. This thought is consubstantial with the Being of the Eternal I AM.' The Trinity, or rather Triad, is will, wisdom, and love ; the Divine Consciousness or Wisdom, consub stantial with' the Eternal Will, becoming personal in the Son bf man, is the, express image of the Father ; and Jesus actually, but also mankind ideally; is the Son of God If all this has a Sabellian or almost Brahmanical sound, these divines are not careful to 'defend themselves from an imputation which as they think must equally fall on some of the' earliest and best of the Fathers of the Church. Wïth the dissolution of the Holy Trinity, and the idealising of tho incarnation, it follows of necessity that the blessed doctrines which revolve around our redemption must suffer loss, irreparable loss. It is utterly im possible to put into language the ideas which are represented to this class of theologians by the words 'atonement,' ' propitiation,' 'justifi- cation,' ' heaven,' and ' hell.' In fact they are quite consistent with themselves and their príñ- ciples in entirely rejecting all positive defini- tions; to them St. Paul's 'form of sound words' has no meaning whatever. It will al- most invariably be found, that their statements of doctrine— or what should be such—are no more than negations, generally sarcastic and most unfair, and sometimes irreverent nega- tions, of the doctrines which have represented for ages the faith once delivered to the saints. This volume contains a multitude of illustra- tions of what we mean; but the Essay before us will furnish as many as we have space to re- fer to. Christ is ' the moral Saviour of man- kind ;' and in this adjective ' moral' lies a world of vague protest against the truth; but no ad- jective in either the German or the English language has a less definable meaning than this one, and therefore is it chosen. Salvation is ' deliverance, not from, the life-giving God but from evil and darkness, which are His finite opposites.' Now, ' redemption' should be the word here; but ' re- demption-' is by no means a favourite expres- sion, and might be very conveniently spared altogether by this divinity. But is it true, that our ' irrational interpretation' represents the Saviour's work in delivering us from the ' life giving God?' How can it be so, when the most rigid doctrine of satisfaction declares, that the Redeemer is God Himself, and that He came to manifest God's eternal love by the very sacrifice of Himself, which manifested His own eternal wrath against sin ? And is it wor- thy of one of our greatest masters of Greek for it is Dr. Williams, and not Bunsen, who is speaking here—to suggest, even in the most passing manner, such a reference to that mas- culine adjective of St. Paul as applicable to 'evil and darkness?' Propitiation is ' the re covery of that peace, which cannot be while sin divides us from the Searcher of hearts.' Now this equivocal phrase is either a designed and de liberate perversion of the plainest teaching of the whole Scripture, or it is a most unworthy evasion of the matter by the use of plausible words which mean nothing, or it is a wilful substitution of the effect for the cause, because that cause is hateful to the new theology. Jus tification by faith is ' that peace of mind, or sense of Divine approval, which comes of trust in a righteous God, rather than a fiction of moral transfer.' It is, 'neither an arbitrary ground of confidence, nor a reward upon cor dition of our disclaiming merit, but rather a verdict of forgiveness upon the offering of our hearts.' Regeneration is a correspondert giving of insight, or an awakening cf forces of the soul.' Original sin declines the exaggerated definition which 'makes the desig of God to be altered by the first agents in His creation, or destroys the notion of moral choice and the foundation of ethics.' This is sug gestively negative ; but the Fall of man has it positive definition: ' It represents with him ideally the ' circumscription of our spirits in limits of flesh and time, and practically tl selfish nature with which we fall from the lik ness of God, which should be fulfilled in man.' These and other such rhetorical flourishes of definition involve miserable parodies of the doctrines which they supplant, and in them selves betray—as everyone must perceive,who weighs them for a moment—most hopeless con fusion of thought and expression. Did the exact Apostle, for instance, mean by justification at once, a sense of approval, and a verdict forgiveness ? Is his language, wont to waver thus? But it is to Dr. Williams of very little moment what St. Paul intended ; for the instincts of natural religion are the final appeal with him, and the antagonism between nature and revelation vanishes in a wider grasp and deeper perception of tho one, or in a better balanced statement of the other.' But it was not our purpose to enter at present upon an extended examination of the phase of modern Anglican theology which Dr Williams represents. Our only aim has been to gtve' some 'account of the several Essays with the running comment of a few such gen rai defensive remarks as may be introductory a future and more thorough sketch of the dog- matics of this new theology. ' But, before dismiss this elaborate and glowing eulogy lies the strength of his genius ;' 'that' is to say the results of his almost fabulous research are more entirely to Dr. Williams' mind than the definitions of his layman theology, which, strange to say, to his panegyrist's ears, as wel as to ours, vibrates ' sometimes in a very sus- picious manner; between orthodoxy and illu- minism. Now, in our Conviction, the doctrine of the whole Bible, and the history of the whole Bible, are bound indissolubly together. To Bunsen and Williams, and a very large and increasing number of men in this age bearing the name of Christians, it is not so. The rev lation of God is not connected with the Old and New Testament by a bond different in kind, or different in degree, from that which connects and unites a multitude of other books, which express the moral convictions of earnest' -men in all ages. They are emán- cipated from the bondage of the des- pairing school, who forbid us trust in God or in conscience, unless we kill our souls with literalism ; and they find salvation for men and states only in becoming acquainted with the Author of our life, by whose reason th world stands fast, 'whose stamp we bear on our forethought, and whose, voice our conscience echoes. The Bible is to them' 'an expression of devout reason, and therefore to be read with reason in freedom; it contains, in the midst o a large mass of human tradition , and legend, record of a living succession of spiritual giants whose experience generated the religious atmos- phere we breathe. The ancient fathers of this race transmitted' these views' of religion', and the rational service of God, to their posterity; as far as we have a 'kindred apprehension,' their life quickens in us ; and we must 'give back what we have received, or perish, by un- faithfulness to our trust.' The only Bible therefore, which they accept, is the great mass of all the principles of reason and right scattered in the writings of the world,to which ' our heart perpetually responds, and-our-response to which is a truer sign of faith, than such de- ference to a supposed external authority as would quench these principles themselves. Though they might protest against the conclu- sions which we' draw from their premises, and devise all manner of subtle expedients ' for their own defence, yet these conclusions will be sanctioned and affirmed by the honest logic of, all less sophisticated minds : to wit, that it has been, a superstitious mistake to make the Bible the pre-eminent Book of the world ; that the Old and New Testaments have no more than a fortuitous connexion ; that in fact the so-called Revelation of God, which has so mysteriously swayed the destinies of tho modern civilised world, is no more than the 'expression of Jewish notions of reason and right;' that all the books should be unbound and dispersed again into the common mass of human literature, to receive the verdict of men's instinct without the conventional sanctions and irrational as sumptions that have so long shielded them; that the personal Jesus Christ of the Christian Church should cease to be the King supreme in all the domain of religious knowledge ; and thàt men should learn to pay more respect to the ideal Christ, who is speaking in every age, and in all honest and true hearts, the things that pertain to His kingdom. We know that a cer- tain reference, or the instinct of a certain un forgotten tradition within them, will cause the writers to revolt against such sentences, esp cially the last of them, —for they abound in certain unreal and indefinable loyalty to the Word in whom was incarnate the thought God which is working in the ages,—but these are, nevertheless, the legitimate results of all their theorising. This is the way of the Gentiles in which their theology is moving ; and their miserable inconsistency between their profound subjection to the authority of Jesus, and their daring rejection of the testimony which He bears to the earlier Scriptures which converged to Him, and to those later Scriptures which He would afterwards develop through the Apostles, from the remembrance of His own words,-is not an inconsistency which our acrimony,or fear invents, but one which mcst obviously pervades their whole theory, if a theory they have, of the inspiration of Holy Scripture. The profess to listen reverently the Incarnate Word; but there are utterances of His lips, inseparable from all- His teaching, which overthrow 'the very foundation of the hypothesis concerning the Old-Testament Scriptures. His testimony to the integrity the Bible is bound up with all His testimony; and' no man can 'read Moses and the Pro- phêts' as these men read them, until he has virtually renounced his allegiance to the great Witness of truth. ' Baron Bunsen's historical researches into text and sequence bf the books of Scripture now proceeding with all the vigour of his green old age ; and the time is not come for a full examination bf his claims to be- ' the creator a new epoch in the science of Biblical criticism.' Like Humboldt, he is at present' summing up the colossal labours of à long life, in what is to be his greatest memorial to posterity. Part after part of that work reaches us England, and shows that he is by' no' means receding from the latitudinarian, or rather sceptical, principles which regulated his earlier researches. The latest documents which has given to the world seem indeed to refresh Dr. Williams's spirit,—if we may judge by t note at the end of the volume,—by the evidence which they give of a ' firmer freedom' in hand- ling the technical definition of miracles, and the analysis of the Levitical laws by which Mosaic germs are distinguished from subse- quent accretions. But we firmly believe that the merciful Providence of the Holy Spirit raising up in that land of indefatigable scholars as well as in our own land, men who will able to counterwork in the most effectual man ner the ' Bible- work' which is now labouring to its completion. Leaving, however, what is to come, let us turn for a moment to what we have. The work entitled Egypt's Place in Universal History contains the learned author's mature decisions on the Pentateuch and the later his- torical books of Scripture. There we find him revelling, with all the cumbrous many-sidedness of a finished German scholar, in all the most abstruse and complicated questions which philology, ethnology, and the oriental cosmogo- nies give birth to. And as is the profundity of his investigation's, so is the fertility of his theo- ries. But the results of all this extraordinary research it is very painful to contemplate. The reader will forecast them in the , ' qaint strength'—as Dr.Williams calls it—of the dictum, that ' there is no chronological element in Revelation.' Hence, all the dates of the Hebrew Bible even when rectified by the Septuagint, are simply wrong. Egyptian records, confirmed by arguments derived from the laws of the de velopment of government, and commerce, and still more of languages; and physical charac sitics of race, demànd a vast extension of time thousand years. The civilised kingdom of Egypt extends—if we are to receive the dynastic record of the Ptolemaic priest, Manetho—to antiquity of nearly, four thousand years before Christ.' The notices of the beginning bf our race are half-ideal, half-traditional compilations. The earliest genealogies yield all manner fanciful revelations of their legendary character The long lives of the first patriarchs are rele- gated to the domain of fiction, or of symbolical cycle. History proper begins with Abraham where the lives become natural ; the journey of Abraham into Egypt is fixed by Bunsen at B.C. 2876 ; tho stay of the Israelites in that land is extended to fourteen centuries; tho Exodus —which it is only fair to say is vindicated by Bunsen against all simply infidel attacks—is placed as late as B C. 1820. All the dislocations in the later Bible chronology which these hy potheses and dates require are of no account to these historical regenerators of Scripture and scholiasts of Moses. In fact, the question never occurs whether the Hebrew record m possibly be correct. The 'Hebrew Bible' is great, but truth is greater. All must be made to bend to the more important object of estab lishing some sort of reconciliation between the scriptural record and the profane. And tl tone which is assumed by Dr. Williarns is th of one who thinks, that we should be thankful to have that confirmation at any cost. It seems tb him almost more than could have' been ex pected, that the Pentateuch, and the Hebrew history generally, which gcew like a tree rooted in the varying thoughts of successive gener- ations, should coincide with the exacter archivi of profane history. And, indeed, if the Penti tench is Mosaic, only as embodying' the system of the' great lawgiver,—if it was a composition out of older materials, numerous fragments of genealogy, of chronology, and of spiritual song, going up to a high antiquity, but imbedded in a crust of later narrative, the allusions of which betray at least a time when' Kings were estab lished in Israel, then we must admit that 'the coincidence and agreement with the world's other record, which even Bunsen dimly traces and which sounder inquirers than hé dis tinctly establish, would be a wonderful phe nomenon. We almost, tremble—not for ourselves, but for him—to follow Bunsen into the Bible's holiest bf all, the New Testament history ; espe pially when we are reminded by his eujogist that ' his acceptance of Christ's redemption from evil does not bhind him to repeat tradi tional fictions abóüt our canon, or to read its pages with that dullness which turns symbol and poetry into materialistm. But we find nothing very novel or very' formidable in 'his exhibition of the sources and prbper limitations of the New-Testament Scriptures. In fact, Bunsen's- criticism is here exceedingly mode- rate, much more so than his reviewer would be likèIy to approve. The three Gospels are divergent forms of the tradition, once oral, and perhaps catechetical, in the congregations of the Apostles. The final Gospel is the latest of all the genuine books, and rightly placed near the end bf the first century. But the Apocalypse is a series of poetical visions, which represent the outpouring of the vials of wrath upon the city where the Lord was slain. 'Its horizon answers to that of Jerusalem already threatened by the legions of Vespasian, and its language is partly adapted from the older Prophets, partly a repetition of our Lord's warnings, as des- cribed by the Evangelists, or as deepened into wilder threatenings in the mouth of the later Jesus, the son of Ananus.' The ' second Petrine Epistle is neces- sarily abandoned.' The Epistle to the Hebrews Bunsen is disposed to ascribe to some companion of the Apostle; its different con ception of faith, Alexandrine rhythm, and other minute reasons, pointing to Apollos. Dr. Williams, however, discerns in it traces of à - post-apostolic origin. Generally speaking, it is evident enough that if Bunsen's New Testa- ment would be considerably smaller than our own. Dr. Williams's would be smaller still. But we must leave this Essay, which we have taken some pains to epitomise. That task we " have endeavoured to perform in such a manner as to render any final comment upon it super- fluous. Suffice to say that the style of biblical criticism which this English Professor and clergyman recommends to the young divines of his Church and country—which, indeed, he heralds as a glorious dawn' of a happy revolu- tion in science—is wanting in nothing that the most advanced sections of rational Illuminists could desire. The fifth essay, by Mr. Goodwin, approaches the awful mystery of the Mosaic Cosmogony. A few quotations and a few comments are all that we can permit ourselves on this sore subject. After an unsparing account pf the great contra- diction between revelation and science, tbe writer gives us the spirit of his own contribri tion to the settlement of the question. ' Believing, as we do, that if the value of the Bible as a book of religious instruction is to be maintained, it must not be by striving to prove it scientifically exact, at the expense of every sound principle of interpretation, and in defiance of common sense, but by the frank re- cognition of the erroneous views of nature which it contains, we have put pen to paper to analyse some of the popular conciliation theories. Physical science goes on unconcernedly pürsúv ing its own paths. Theology, the science whose object is the dealing of God with man as a moral. being, maintains but a' shivering existence, shouldered and jostled by the sturdy growth of modern thought, and bemoaning itself for the hostility which it encounters. Why should this. be, unless because theologians persist in cling- ing to theories of God's procedure towards man which have long been seen to be untenable ?' The several theories which have been im promptu devised by a surprised theology during the last half century, are dealt with honestly though unsparingly. Some of them have had themselves open to hostile criticism, and deserve the contempt which they receive. The Mosaic defences which have set out with a bold though, unintelligent defiance of all the discoveries, generalisations, and inductions of geological science, have done nought but mischief to the cause which they aimed to serve. Of these, however, no mention is made by the essayist.' He contents himself with a very fair statement of the present proved facts of geology, and of the most popular among the systems of reconci liation which scientific geologists, being also firm believers in Inspired Revelation, have set up. There is much to admire in the treatment of the subject ; and some will think that the theories of Buckland, and others who have me dified his views, have a plausibility and, indeed; a strength, as here exhibited, which they have not remarked before. At any rate, the utter hopelessness of any such solution as shall save the Divine origin of the Mosaic Cosmogony is by no means established by anything, which we find in this Essay. ' Rut we are simply on the defensive, and havfr onlt to ask, whether the solution propounded at the close of this Essay is consistent with itself, honourable to the Moral Governor of the race, or satisfactory to any unbiassed mind. The writer admits the great historical fact, that Pro vidence used the Hebrew race, its works, and books, to lay the foundation"of religion upon the earth. In some sense or other, therefore, he allows the Pentateuch to have been the earliest manual by; which the God of truth in structed mankind. But, at the same time, he assumes that ' misrepresentations' may find place in revelation, and that God made use of imperfectly-informed men to lay the foundation of that higher knowledge for which the human race was destined. There äs no difficulty in recognising therein the hand of a direoting Providence, which simply used the guesses and errors of man for the education of mankind. If we regard the Mosaic narrative as the ' speculation of some Hebrew Descartes or Newton, promulgated in all good faith as the' best and most probable account that could then, be given of God's universe, it then resumes the dignity and value of which theological : geologists have done their utmost to deprive it. And if the reverence, of a mind that honours the God of truth, revolts against the thought that God's servant, should ' solemnly and un- hesitatingly assert that for which, he must have known that he had 'no authority," the cold answer is that our modern habits of thought are different from the ancient, that the spirit of true science has taught us modesty of asser- tion, and that mankind- has learned caution through (repeated slips in the process of tracing out the truth. All this is very dismal ; but we leave it with the reader, as we wish in this brief paper to avoid dealing harshly and superficially with subjects ; which should be handled ' thoroughly or not at -' all. The last, the longest, and the most important of these Essays is that of Pro- fessor Jowett, On the interpretation of Scripture containing just such a proclamation of exegetic cal principles as his recent volumes would teach us to expect. The Pauline Comméntáry, to which we refer, has found more favour than any work of the same kind- and; we -doubt nót -that this elaborate appendage, or Epilogus galeatus, will be very extensively studied, and produce its effect. It is barely necessary to say that it is a very ingenious and beautiful composition. .It may be' termed, indeed, a model of graceful,' medita tive, suggestive writing. But 'it is 'a treatise which most of our readers will peruse with pain, and close with a sense of relief. It is simply and essentially negative and destructive. It professes indeed, to destroy in order to re- construct ; but the destruction is real and sure, the reconstruction of exegetical principles vague and unreal. " He should not read it who is not prepared, by intellectual discipline and the establishing grace of God, to witness unharmed a deadly attack upon the foundations of sound exposition. He who is so prepared, however, will find much that he will wish never to for- get. The starting-point of the whole is this, that while Soripture remains the same from age to age, all the interpretation of it that has grown up in all ages has done nothing but reflect the «J«11 - 1 1 _-,-. --fc-. . changing atmosphère of the world and the . f,Church. The whole mass of extant exposition, . ¿.-tvbether condensed in creeds, or more fully \- expressed in systems of theology, or accumu .:tated in commentaries,-merely encumbers . the meaning of the text. A history of the in -»terpretations of Scripture would prove and .^illustrate thia at once;'it would show by what! j fat al processes the dogmas, systems, and con-i jtroversies of ages have been encrusted on the: r.wor'da and phrases bf'Scripture ; it would show .'hówi[< the'word "inspiration," which may be -jetl\èà, the' prophétie spirit of Scripture,, has ¿passed, within... the last tw« centuries, into a .?ort of technical term ;' it would convince: the «iáterpreter th it his office /must' be limited to *ths/.' sjrñple 'recove'ry 'of ¡toe ' meaning .of the ("wor'ds, ea tbéy first fell upon tbe.eàrs of (hose .«rho heard, them ; that, forgetting all the after- thoughts pf' theo{ogy, -and all "the history; of 'Christendom.; and .renouncing" all * theories of \ 'interpretation,- bis object must be to read ".Scrip ure like any other book, with a real and triot'merely a' Conventional interest in its.'con"-. Hé'aú:"''.u: ."'/;: . .-/.?? The history of interpretation, however, would farther show - that some deeper, reasons than merely 'the spirit of party in theology have hindered the natural meaning of the text, from immediately and universally prevailing. And the most important of these is the misapprehen sion- and 'misuse of the term inspiration. All definitions of inspiration from that', 'which makes the inspired person a passive' utterer of a .Divine Word,; down to that which makes it the ordinary guidance of the > Spirit in a higher 'degree —err .in: attempting to explain what, though real, is incapably.of being defined in an exact manner; Tho writers of thé New Testa- ment never lay claim to any special inward gift, or to any exemption front error';-, consequently, we'find discrepancies which; derive a cumulative weight from their number. . So also, he who should have the courage to examine how far the details of prophecy in the Old Testament' have been minutely fulfilled, would find that he-/ had taken the letter for the spirit in expecting any such minute fulfilment. ' - t " There is .then, negatively, no such thing as a definition of inspiration. But the thing itself cannot Be set aside as easily as its definition; and the essayist Consents to its use on the con- dition that we accommodate it ^o fixed principles. First, it must not be itself an a priori notion or power ; ,it must-not affect, the principle, that . Scripture 1 is : simply what it is worth in itself; i Thére is a-f progression in revelation/which : tdmits of ' mixed good and evil .'in the charac; i irs pf Scripture,' :which nevertheless, ? ïdoés not i «xclude them from the favour of God, -< with the attribution ; to the Divine Being bf " actions i Jit'(/yarianob .^with ' that! higher revelation i which He ha's ,,given" pf .Himself j.in, the i jGbspel ;' which admits of imperfect or opposite i aspects' of the truth as in Jobi with variations J ójffábt' ih the Gospels,' and inaccuracies bf lan- E 'guage in St. Paul., And, secondly,' the truè < jdootrine of inspiration must be ready to con- \ form to all well-ascertained facts : of history or t of science ; as the idea bf nature enlarges,' the t ïdea'also of revelation also enlarges. We must t be ready , to correct bur views bf inspired truth t by the discoveries ? of geology and comparative G philosophy, which .are likely soöb,'indirectly, s to establish the fact that the history of nations t -extends back some thousand years before the t .Mosaic chronology, and < that mankind spread t not from one but from, many bentres'ovoi the i glbbe,' and ; possibly introduce ¡ some en tirely v sew conclusions ¡respecting .the. origin of man. a «It is bad policy to set up any theory of inspira- p lion which may" ; peril religion'by the mere pto- t bability "of the - untruth of these acientifin r -theories. '.:', '] ".' " - .' 1 .' - Hence, in fact, there ' is no value whatever in a .the.word inspiration. 1 If it were to fall into dis- 1 .ase, no fact'of nature, or history, or language, e .no event in . the life bf ma», or dealings of God e ?with,him, 'would be in any degree altered. The c «word itself is Of yesterday, not found in the r . earlier'Confessions of the reformed faith; its s ."difficulties are only two or three centuries old. f The. interpreter,. therefore, had better not en- c .tangle himself with any theory of inspiration. x ?>: Having in this vague and ultra-latitud inarian way dismissed the doctrine of inspiration,-- i -though without spending ii single sentence upon t the express declarations of tho Bible, and the i highest Speaker in the Bible, "on this subject,- i Mr. Jowett proceeds to show, with great, care t and dramatic skill, the withering effects of this e {popular theory. His first and general / charge 1 is, that it has led to a tone of apology which is,the i reverse of, ' Ye shall know the truth, and the. ¿ -truth shall make you free ;* that it forgets the i great design of our Saviour's ' appearance : ' . To 1 ihis end waa I born, and for this cause ' carne T i onto, the world, that I should bear witness unto < the truth ;' while elaborately striving to recon- t ?cile discrepancies in His recorded history. But i tcTthis general charge we may generally reply, : .that since it has pleased God to give us a reve- 1 lation so thoroughly incorporated with various i history, and requiring research to be understood, i it is obviously His will that all who study it t should search out tho materials for the defence i bf its truth; and moreover, that they are most i likely to prove faithful and loyal subjects of the i .Great Witness to the truth who set out, in spite I bf all seeming difficulty, with the predetermi- ] ¡nation to find all His words true : who are < resolute in believing that all Scripture will < verify His words who said, that ' the Scripture < cannot be broken.' I The evil influence, however, of "higher or I supernatural views of inspiration' is more par- I tinlarly exhibited and illustrated by the temper ' bf accommodation which adapts the truths of Scripture to the doctrines of the creeds, and i the maxims of Scripture to the practice of our i own age. That is to say, it has been an error i from the beginning to find the later doctrines - of the Church in Scripture ; and there has also i been great error in the application of the ideal i of Christian practice to the actual state of the < .world. i " The creeds are acknowledged to be a part of ] Christianity ; it is admitted that they stand in : a close relation to the words of Christ and His i apostles ; and it ia further conceded that no . heterodox formula makes a nearer approach to a simple and scriptural rule of faith. But they must not be pressed into the service of the interpreter- The doctrinal language of tho Church is tho result of three or four centuries of reflection and controversy ; the human understanding had boen at work, and the 'Christian consciousness which received the creeds was no longer tho Christian conscious- ness which received tho whole of Christianity in the words, ' Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou mayest be saved.' To attribute to St. .Paul tha abstract notions of the Niceno Creed, is the same sort of anachronism as to attribute to him a. system of philosophy. He would not have spoken of his Master as . equal «J the Father,' or « Pf one substance with the father.' And, similarly, the Gospels would be filled with difficulties by the attempt to ide them with the creeds. To render this asset more plausible. Mr. Jowett is impartial enc to show that the preeise definitions of 1 (arianism would be equally inconsistent < certain express ssyings of the New Téstame If the mist is cleared away from this par the Essay, its simple meaning will be fount he that there is no doctrine-truth there is, no doctrine--in the Scriptures of God ; that fohn, and St. Paul had not themselves, lid not therefore express, any definite ap] tensions of the One Person and Twofold Nat if the Redeemer; that their sublime ddctri if revealed religion were never intended to educed to clearer formulary ; that the * nc irogreas bf these ideas" was np*, under the ealing care of the Holy. Spirit, dwelling in Church and making it the pillar and grounc he truth ; that all the truths of Scripture m emain for eyer undefined, and that all d oatie theology, Í3 a presumptive mistake.. . his we steadfastly deny; but these are qu ions which will come np again further on, .t another time. ..'. " .," i Great pains are next expended, in showi bat a mistaken view of inspiration has . led i perilous'neglect of the necessary con tr etween the ideal and the actual in the int rétátion of Scripture; The words and ideas Icrjpturo have been unfairly dealt with: soi axta,. though, merely, isolated- and v< oban rords,' have been dragged by force into the s ice pf received opinions and beliefs ;', wh tber texts and expressions, not seemingly.' armony with existing practices, and opiuior ave been neglected or explained away. Arno lany instances of the former ' error-tbat is iy, the top literal and real rendering of ide cpressions-ls the use made of 2 Tim. iii. 16, lpport the doctrine of inspiration ; of Jul iv! 26, xvi. 15i (words ' which seem to come oi f tbe depths of a Divine consciousness,') to su ort the doctrine of the personality of the Ho! (host and of 1 Oor. xv. 23, Rom. v. 12, (« tw gurative 'expressions; bf St. Paul,' to whic lereis no parallel in any other part bf Seri j ire,) to support. the\ doctrine-of original sit fr. Jowett admits that some of the instance mt none of the three we have quoted !) refer t octrines which .have sufficient grounds, bi tat the weakness is the attempt to derive thei om Scripture. We have no more to say Upo tis question than that we cannot accept Ml Dwett's selection of the ideal' and chance saj gs bf Scripture. To us, thank God, they ar tal utterances,. corresponding to real tr uti id rightly applied to the statement of spurn tinions and doctrines. Perhaps the weakest part pf this* Essay, hon 'er, is the illustration of the other aspect o is error, toy wir, the supposed neglect or mis terpretátioñ [ ot[' words which are no [nally in harmony 'with the spirit pf the age s an exposure of many instances in which tb« irit of the meaning of Scripture has not beer .ught, or in which the letter has been undulj eased, or in which an unreasonable applica in of the so-called ' counsels of perfection' hat len made, nothing can be more beautiful thar, is section of the treatise. But to insinúate at this perversion of the meaning and use oj riptural language ts chargeable upon the 'pro pposition as to its origin' which is brought tc e interpretation of it, is simply trifling with e. subject. ¡ To say that this relation between e ideal precept and the actual world jn which is to be applied is one, the uncertainty of bich must necessarily be a bar to any fixed id settled exposition, is an assertion whinb -» otest against as utterly tenacious. . It. is true at many of our Saviour's precepts present to i »rv ideal which very few attain, and which the axims and cuaterna of the world will never low. the Christian public, as such, to exhibit, ut what has that to do with the inspiration id Divine authority of those views ? Does the sayist mean to say that the Lord's precepts incoming the blessedness of poverty, tho. re inncing all for His cause, the swearing not at I, the summoning the poor and maimed to our »sta, are such precepts as cannot be fairly .alt with and interpreted but by those who re junee all theories as to inspiration ? Passing in a very subtle manner from this definite line of argument, the essayist returns > his favourite theme-the endless variety of leanings which have been fixed upon the ords and statements of Scripture. Here Imost every sentence contains some careful lb tie ty of insinuation which requires only to e twice read in order to its detection. It is ot strictly true that ' when maintaining the thanasian doctrine of the Trinity, we do not sadily recall that verse, " Of that hour noweth no man, no not the angels of God, eitTier the Son, but the Father." ' The doctrine f the Holy Trinity has nothing to fear from oy passage of the Bible. But, granting that i all the various controversies which have aged around the Millennarian, Calvinistic, Lomanist, and other questions, a partisan feel lg has made the ' favourite verses shine like tars, while the rest of the page is thrown into io shade,' what has that to do with the uthority of Scripture, and the possibility of a niform abd consistent interpretation based pon a 'higher supernatural theory' of inspira ion ! It is undoubtedly true that in many oints it is hopeless to expect unanimity of pinion. But the diversity is grievously xaggerated, and the inference which is secretly rawn from it is a false one. Even granted hat no two minds ever understood the Scrip are alike, it would not be the less true that the Icripture might contain the infallible word of Jod. Other- questions besides that of inspiration re introduced by the essayist,' as absolutely lecessary to be settled before there can be any greement on the interpretation of Scripture. Ind the upshot of the whole is, that as there lever has been, so there never will be, a rational nterpretation of the Bible until certain ibstinate prejudices, common to all the 3hurches of Christendom, are given up. These irejudices and prepossessions are manifold ; pringing from an erroneous notion of tho aspired origin of the Word of God, ¡they ¡ramp or mislead tho interpreter at every point. They lead him to imagine that doctrines may bo ?»roved from Scripture; whereas its Eastern nodes of thought and expression can never îerve the purpose of demonstrating any com- plex system of doctrine or practice with philo- sophical precision. They lead him to regard ha later uses of theological ^ terms is applicable to their interpretation in ;ho original; whereas all later sugges- tions of theology aro valueless a3 helps io interpretation. They lead him to regard the Old Testament as containing types and symbols ind predictions which have been accomplished in the Now ; whereas the Old and New Testa- ments are perfectly distinct, and when the New Testament quotes the Old, it only accommodates its words to the thoughts of another age. They lead him to regard the Word of God as per vaded by a unity which was never tho design Providence ; and to vex the words, and figai and uncertain grammatical terms' of'a dec and ill-understood dialect, iDto conformity, w f >regone conclusions. Not till all these de siona are swept away will tbe Bible be und Btood. But when it shall corne to pass that t Bible is interpreted like any other book, by t same rulés ef evidence and the same 'canons criticism, 'its beauty'will be freshly seen;as a picturé which is restored after many ages its original stare;: it wi'l create a new in'en and make for itself a new kind of authority the life which is in itf ; "' ' This . return'tó nature* in' the study7of f sacred writings'will issue "iii the estabiishroe of certain fixed principles in'the place oftho which must be,"renounced.'*'*These principh 'nakedly stated;'aré unexceptionable; but'whi the' essayist' expounds -'them,1 they j arefoui to be as impracticable in themselves as they a derogatory, to theT'glory'of the. Word of Go Finu'Seripttire has'óner meaning tlxnt which it hi to the mind' that first received it:; This/in seose.'is trite ; buïlët us mark wh nt follows. It ha indeed,'-an' -"-mexhaustibló or infinite character but nothing beyond what'is seen on the surfai must be'attributed - to 'the', writer by ' bis sift iriterpreier. There;is no ground for ass um-q design of any other kind in Scripture than thi 'which is found in.-Tlätb br''Hifmer. Second 1 scripture must be interpreted-'from itself, like an "?other-'bookaVout Which we know Almost rióthin except what is derived from'its pages; But, 1« it be observed,'ea'ch1 boók for itself ;' there mui be no; violent harmonising ; the differehces>< author»' and. of ages must not be ' lost in tfa idea of a Spirit from' whom they, pro'ceed. or b which they were overruled.' There is, indeec a" ' sort of-continuity:' ' But the author sha] explain what that is in a striking passegé which contains the pith of thia whole déstroetiv Essay: ' "Such* a general conception of grow tl or development in Soriptufe, beginning with th truth bf the unity of God in the earliest books and - ending* with 'the perfection of 'Christ naturally springs up in our minda on the perusa of the sacred writings. It is a notion of valut to the interpreter; for it enables hlm at thi same time to grasp thé whole and distinguish th< parts. It saves him from the necessity of main faining that'the Old Testament is one and thc sainé everywhere ; ' that the ?'. books bf Mdse* contain truth's or precepts, such as the duty ó: prayer, "or .the .faithr. in immortality,'or the spiritual ' interpretation of sacrifice, which nc one has evor seen there. It leaves him room enough to' admit all the facts of the case. Nc longer is he required to defend or explain away David's imprecation against his enemies, or his injunctions to Solomon, any more than his sin in tho matter of Uriah. Nor is be hampered with a theory of' accommodation. Still the sense of " the increasing purpose which through the ages ran' is present to him, nowhere else continuously discernible or - ending in a divine perfection. ? No where else, is ' there found the same inter- penetration' of the - political and religious element--a whole nation,- though never good for ] much at -any time»" possessed with the conviction that it. was living in the ?{race of God,-in1 whom ' the -.Sun- of Righteousness shone upon the corruption bf an Eastern nature,-the "fewest of all people," pet bearing the greatest part in the education if the world. Nowhere else among the teachers and benefactors of mankind is there my form like His, in whom the desire of the nation is fulfilled,' and-"not-of that nation io His Falber âncfthêlr^Path^í^rfLí Ôôtfâna their God.*,'.' . '.'.,.''.' ....'. .;: Our analysis up to this point has, been hasty, but as correct as may . be.. .Our object,, we frankly confess, has not been tb do justice to the beauty and grace of the Essay : it must be read) and carefully read, to be. understood and appreciated. We have served bur own purpose in the summary which .has been, given,-that of making the. Essay expose , it own vague, hollow, and unsatisfactory principles. It is not an unfair-exhibition of-the general result, to say that, according to ; the principles of Mr. Jowett, Scripture must.be dealt with like other books, without any reference to the Holy Spirit's part in its production, and His overruling care of its interpretation in the Church. ; without any respect to the doctrines which -have.been dis- covered in it,. or grounded , upon., if, - or proved by it, in tho Church . universal ; without, any recognition of the influence of the Divine Spirit, : promised to the disciples ot Christ, in ages that are past, and without any expectation , of the - supernatural guidance of our own minds, and suggestion to our own hearts. Our present purpose ia served by simply stating this, and keeping silence.. The remainder of the Essay is occupied by two very suggestive, and, on : the whole, very admirable, disquisitions upon the language of the New Testament, and the relation between strict interpretation and general. adaptation of the language of tho Bible. They, are admirable, that is, as the careful composition of one who is a through scholar, and a careful and reverent reader of the Bible. . But they converge to the same destructive point. The first leads to the conclusion that' ' Christian truth is not de- pendent on the fixedness of modes of thought, and that 'language, especially the language of Scripture, does not admit of any sharp dis- tinction.' The second starts with the as- sumption that Scripture quotes itself in a manner not altogether in agreement with modern criticism ; and leads to the twofold con- clusion, first, that the applications which the New Testament makes of passages in'the Old, are not to bs insisted upon as their original meaning ; and, secondly, that it gives authority and precedent for the use of similar applications in our own day. No amount of ingenuity and felicity of illustration-and both aro exhibited here in perfection-can avail to neutralise the deadly influence of such a principle as this. And than comes the conclusion-the appli- cation of the subject to theology and life. First, we have the stern and gloomy prophecy, that an altogether new principle of interpretation is demanded by the results of science and criticism ; and secondly, the question is asked, whether the signs of the times do not show that that prophecy is already being fulfilled. A veil was on the human understanding in the great contro- versies which absorbed the Church in earlier ages ; the cloud which tho combatants them- selves raised, intercepted the view. They did not see-they could not have imagined-that thore was a world which lay beyond tho rango of the controversy.' But wo have other lights ; and ' in tho present state of tho human mind, any consideration of these subjects, whether from the highest, or lowest, or most moderate, point of view, is unfavourable to the stability of dogmatical systems, because it rouses inquiry into the meaning of words.' The writer spends his last sighs on the hope that the different sections 'of Christendom may meet on the' common ground of the New Test ment ;-that the indtviduaf may be urged b the vacancy^ and unprofitableness of old trad tions to make; the Gospel his own,'--a life < Christ in the son),'instead of a theory of Cbrit which is in a book or written dovrri^-that i "Missions to ' the Heathen,1 Scripture may b< come the'expression .of universal truths/ rathe "than" Sf the tenets of, pariicular men c 'Churches;-that the 'study of Scripture ma have a more important place in a liberal educt tion than hitherto ;-that the.'rational service of interpreting Scripture may dry up the crude and dreamy vapours of religion's excitement ; that in 'preaching,. new ' sources of spiritual health may, 'ffirW from ' a more^'nátural ns I bf. Scripture ;~and that the lessons of Scrip ture may have ' a nearer way to ,^he hearts o the' ,poor,' when disengaged from theological formulas.' ': It is .evidently with' much, 'distrust 'and con scióusness of its unreality that this Professor o -tHbEbgiisVChuroh's^^ bit .hopes.' He/ cannot, indeed; ^bút.'kn'ow that th« foundation bf ; his whole system has in ifni Clement bf'n^edness oir stability.' Many as are the difficuities whïch 'beset our old theories, thèj cah'aTter a\l^'glv^'som and bn:the wbblè tía'vé' dbne^ 'and 'are doing their.work wèll'îu thé'world, . But" the diOcul ties .of the ideal théory,"which striiggles io vain for ex pression' rîn jthis'Essay; "are¡ibfinit'eánd insuperable ;' and it ban never become' ni power to move 'men,'' and 'carry 'on'tho work of the Gospel.' The Etile pf Faith which it propounds can never be reduced to language ; it will not bear tobe transferred,from the subjective mind that holds it, or thinks it holds it, to the world of actual thought, and' life and work.. We can in bur charity suppose that a devout spirit, such its' that of Mr. Jowett, and many others 'like minded with,him,, educated on Christian' prin- ciples, nourished by an earlier and truer faith and continuing to apprehend Him,' who is our Life, more; simply and honestly with the .heart than with the head, may go on its way of knowledge and holiness under the guidance of, a revelation, dishonoured more in theory ' than' practice. Such minds may unconsciously be .'guided in their pursuit of truth, and in their yearnings after holiness, by an implicit deference to in- spired revelation, which secretly belies and vanquishes, in their own souls all their vague and unsound hypotheses. ' But, granting this great and almost perilous concession, we must concede no more. Such a Bible and such a theory of its authority and interpretation, as this theology presents, will not suffice to begin religion with, will not suffice for the setting out ^ upon tho way of life. The entire theory gives up too much to be consistent with the retention of our common Christianity, and the Church which represents Christianity in the world ; and it retains too little to resist the steady on ward and down ward ' sourse of latitudinarianism, scepticism,'in- fidelity, and the darkness without. These two points we had intended to debate upon, but our limits are ; reached ; r they must' be left to the, reader's own', reflection, and to bur own better ' jpportumty, '. ,\ ' : "_l 1 . ; 1 .' .' '_; ' ' . THE^WAlèATOi ÄIANIPESTO.. . , ' '? (from the Southern ffróss, jape 18,)< '! '' ; ' THE answer to hi» Excellency's Address to'Waikato was ?eceived on 'Saturday evening. It proves to' be a nost voluminous, dooumont "fall of WÍBB 'laws and nodern ineidents," bat decidedly rebellious; »nd «uh.. tairgtflBe;*~irBïôïirirri(5«>,~ V^ertcer"STia-cierhenây nave! teen tried, and in vain. Tbey have only served to itrengtben the natives in their determination to set the 3ritish Government st deflanoe, and the men, who from heir Christian teaohiog end the opporlanitiea «hieb lave been pUeed at their disposal of leorniog what is really for tba good of their race. Bra the ürst to offer a >y s tornado opposition to tba progress of civilisation, and lo lead their moro ignorant countrymen on to aertain lestrnotion. William Thomism, one of the ''represen, iativo members" of the new era -which vie fondly hoped vis oommenoing in New Zealand, un era of Jaw and progresp, bas shown himself a traitor to the ;ood pause of whioh be might have become : a noble champion; and instead of bia name going áown to posterity os that of o. benefactor of bis raes, it »ill, we fear, be merely recorded ia the lists of those who seem by some strange fatality to have been insen- sibly impelled to sacrifice themselves and their country, men in order to moke way for the advance of the Euro- pean. The latter baa only wished to see them prosper; bat they have refased, and »re now refacing, all' the means of prosperity. A. raoe half worn out, whose1 only obanoe of not beooming perfectly exlinot .lies in their submission to British rule, and- their sooeptanoa no\ merely bf Christian teaching, but of Clirlsiion oustoms, appears determined to rovert tb all those' old customs destructive' to themselves, and disgraceful'to humanity, wbiob we once hoped woa:d soon beoome mero .matters of tradition. Trae, the leaders in tba opposition to the Queen's Government do not'peroette this, and Wm. Thompson may poasibly imagine that he . is ? aotuated by love of oountry "and 'true'patriousm io' the cause whioh he "is adopting ; that he ie the obampion of Maori, ; nationality . and ' of national law. Ile thinks possibly that he may ba able to control thoRe whom be is now indnoiogto throw off what has hitherto been the symbol of law snd order in New Zealand, namely, the Queen's antbority ; bat be will find himself strangely mistaken. Ho is teaching his countrymen a losson whioh will scon be made use of against himself. Ho owes tho position which be at present bolds to a rooegnition of tbosa very priooipleB whioh he now wishes to subvert, and with their subver- sion be will forfeit it. In the deadly struggle to whioh hs is inviting men who havo lifted himself end bis race oat of a slough of sooial degradation, relapse must take place, and the loss of tbe fruits of nearly a century's labours in this country will lie at the door of the very man who was rather destined to have taken tho work out of our bandB, and to become the ednootor and saviour of his awn people. Thompson is setting an engine in motion which be will find himself nnablo to regulate and to direct. Ho will discover too late that it ls easier to ezolte the passions of men only too easily aroused, than to' "direct them when onoe excited. He may desire to see peace and good order-wc will not say hs professes to desire to Bee them, for we believe that there is much truth and honesty io him, end that be says what be thinks;-bo may desire to see a Christian Maorinotion governing themed vee io New Zealand, bat tho course whioh be bas adopted will merely serve, in evoking the demon of war, to evoke every bad passion in the native mind Iatont, bat not jet extinguished. The idea of a Maori nationality will find its warmest nativo sup- porters amongst thole anxious to see their old Maori customs revived, and in declaring bis determination to wage war against Europeon supremacy, tba Maori dc clares war against tba better half of his own nature, that whioh he owes to the introduction of Christianity and civilisation into bis country. Ho can only be victorious aa a Maori by reverting to his cid Maori existence. This i» not a struggle between two countries equally civilised, and able to exist separately from each other ; it is the attempt of a half reclaimed race to assert its own right not tobe reclaimed against its will ; its privilege ot degradation, should such be the national will. It is an attempt on the part of tho semi aavago to make use of the experience derived from con- tact with a superior rsce, to entrench himself in his own inferiority, and to endeavour to arrest the onward progress of a civilisation which he can only appreciate in sn far as it furnishes him with the means of gratifying bis own savage propensities. The reply from Waikato ls a plausible one-BS might ba expected. Tbero have been many national prods maliens of late yeal s in Europe muab in the same style; indeed, BO much eb, that we shonld not ba surprised to fled that ons of. thom hnd served for a model. The people of England ara one, and the people of New Zealand are another,' it says, thu «fora let 'them be separate. There is room enough for a King and Queen, therefore let us have both. ither oountries have asserted their independence, and why should not we do so likewisa. We mean no harm, but we won't recognise the right of the Queen to olaim our obedience. As for the treaty of Waitangi, it ls no business of oars ; , when you did business with. Mesaré. Ngajrahl aod Co., you ought to hive known tbat wa bad no connection with that flrn». * JVo repudíate all claimt) op account ot that Utile agreemen'.- As for your dftnana for coronen' j ssUan, we-aiiali.be. very «lad ti compensate you for all j tue Josias which voaJiave suffered. at oar. bands :when yea tattle Mr. Wm. Kins'* bill for certaio pigs and hort«« sod cattle tak-ri from him by your soldiers at j Waitara, and likewise for . car tain missing «aaa of ta»-' I lament« betoogiog to that gen'leman, wbiob cannot be aoooanted for. In the meanwhile we intend to remain j in itatu yob; not wishing to molest you ander pie* ..©ai oiroamstaneei, and anxious not to ba molested oat« aalvea. ? ... .;,. . i " , Now. glosa it over as we mar, this style of Hiing will never do. Importance ia a Ter; valuable Qualification io a pabilo man. Ij is powerful for many things. Ii j make» Emperors and ring-lendeis. Superintendents and ; scribbler*, Spurgeons «nd yelverton«, lt it. very aselal i .to tba gutted propret-or-¡f soecessful-bat it dependa 'upon the publia whether it succeed or not. The Wai. " kano manifesto may be; the making or the marring of . aVilHam Thompson, _ and it depends apon ourselves whether the world abai} regard it as tba production of a great man or cf »Char la tua. We may ohoose to take the author at his own valuation, aDd to act accordingly ¡ or wo may tréfer to take a common sense view of the question rather than to alfrw ourselves to be influenced by one who bas only learnt enough to render bim a well | menning-bau dangerous obaraoter. By the tenor of toi morrow's debate, wa shall be enabled ' ts Judge ie1 to the manner in which the represen. Ulives- of New Zealand are likely to regard tho present critical state of thooountry, and what poliey they would be inclined to support witb referenoe to | Waikato, did it depend upon themselves, wbiob was to j be adopted. Thompson's reply will, we understand, be laid upon the table of the Home to-day ; io twenty-four hourB afterward» it will probably bri matter for disons, sion in connection with the prospects of the colony. We really trust that we shall net sos a cowardly, nn- finglUb, suicidal poliay supported by arguments drawn from a document preaching rebellion and communism, whilst it professes to be advocating the cans» of' law and order. The Magriaa have no., abatraot right to independence, beoaase they oould only mis-use it ; end-any analogy drawn from other- civilised-countries ra-abeard. Euro- peans ewe it to the natives not only to teach them what law is, bat also to make them obey it, when they bave learnt itsmeaniog. We should be «a wrong.jn acoeding to Thompson's demands for independence as would be " "Peter.familiaa" ware ha to yield to young hopeful's urgent requests that tbelatoh key should be banded over to him. and bis in.goings and oat.going* relieved irora all paternal; superintendency No doakf exists as to tba intentions of Government ia: reference to the friendly natives in the north.. Th» overtures of assistance preferred by the Ngapahi tribe .gainst Waikato, should aa appeal ta arms become ne-, exxsary, have been accepted, and bar old allies of years.. b proving their loyalty.. The Government is, wa think,, wise,: in ebos proving to the world that in their belief ] the quarrel about lo be fought out is not. one of'race' against raoe, bat ol loyal subject's against rebels. We' bavé repudiated over and over again the idea fostered both in England and in tba oolony, that pakeha and, I J1 Moori ara in a position of antagonism to eaoh other.' | V rheNgapub.ii), the flawer of the New Zealand people, | ' sill, we have no doubt, when occasion offers, unmis. takably prove howoorreot we have been in the opinions irhiob we have expressed on thia subject. Toe New Zea. ander to the south ' has been coaxed and fla'» lered, and managed into rebellion; the Now Zaalander o the Nerta has had to do with honest men, though sith dishonest Governments-bat he has learned to liatingaish between the two. He respects tho race to »hieb bis friend-*, missionary and lay, belong; and for heir sake bo forgets many an sot of injustice done to lim in the name of her Majesty's Government, for he mows that the Queen was no party to them. When we remembor tho charges brought against lOitbern missionaries, high in position and oharaoter, 'ears ago, it mast be gratifying to those gentlemen to ind that now, in the hoar of neod, the only loyal sub. eats amongst the nativa race, apon whom we are able o depend, ara those who owe civilisation and Christi, inity to their teaching. The natives of tho old his orioal settlement of New Zealand, the plaae where the iritish flag was first hoisted, and wuero devoted men ong before that had "woikad in the good nan BO, is the ne to throw in ita lot with as when the straggle" onoe ligias. , . ? ' 1 SCOTTISH MUSIO. " * TO nt* Burran or IBI HHKBI, : leanii^ uatei jane'avin; relative td Soot lah muslo, I eg tn stat«, the characteristics of Caledonian muslo aré ' o well dr fined, that it ia impossible to mistake the par-' | ioular intonation. Aa in all mountain lands, the, Swiss, the Welsh, be Irish, and the Soottish melodie's have their peculiar nd distinguishing excellences. .Tba muslo of old England, like tho language,is a compound, compounded? rom valions sources and countries. England possesses, Ittle, if any, mnsio of a natienal name. Bat, like money, ls denizens make very free with tbe cash and crotchets; it' other nations. i The absurdity < f David Blzzio giving a polish to loottish music, is a mistake to be ranked with " vulgar; rrora " James the first, of Scotland, waa not only n skilful , aasioian, bat a oolleotor and composer of bia oounliy's j nusio. . " Will you go to the ewe heights, Merion," i¡ rsa long antecedent,lo his time. The deciphering of the Skene MSS., by Mr. Danney, ound.by.bim in tbs Advocates'Library. Edinburgh, iletrly proved that "Bannis Dandee,"." John,aomo kiss ' ne now," "John Anden on, my jo," and' many other avonrite airs, were common before Queen Mary of Soot and was horn, or her father anteeedenl. The pastoral Hie, always fertile in muslo and song, sith the all-inspiring ioflaenaos of " Live-love wnloli b mles witfi sole dominion,'' wera the natara! means of f< producing poetry as a sat'ety-valvo to the surcharged ' fe lings'of enamoured swains, otbeiwlso explosive oon- d äitiona. Music, of oom se, followed always in those in. b Btanees as a consequent. In modern days the inverse is the mle. How many songs have been written to t o I t muslo of " Nae luck about the house," " Jeanie's | t Baabes" (by Coswell). Anglicised into " Folly pnt the kettle on," and a hundred others. We are all imitators, not originators, now. Ten years ago, the Howard band of negro melodists ¡ appeared in Sydney. Ono- of their favourite and ap- plauded performanoea was the " Ballway Gallopade 1" As a Scotsman, and auditor, I oonld make good use oi my lug». Dang it, thought I, that pieoe of muaio waa composed before Watt waa in existenee, or steam, as a locomotive, dreamod of in Sootland. I knew it forty I I years ago, and in Nathaniel Oow's col- | lections it is to be seen as : tho reel of [ "Monymusk." The publia ara often egregiously galled. Bat the most impudent imposition praotised of late, became obvions to me some weeks ago. When visiting, ia . friend's house, a lovely yoong lady-" Ob, she almost stole my heart away"-very eour. teoasly, and very correctly, played oh her -' piano- forte) the last new gallop, No. 77. Innocent soul I J Methought it was an old acquaintance; and, on reool- I lection, so indeed the music proved. Io. Caledonia, I ] "stern and wild," tho firBt two measures havo been | j long known as a Scottish melody. Ab, Mr. Editor, tbore is little new (in mnsio) ander the san, moon, or comets;-a kind of visitors which, of j late, like Borne of oar ' actors, take periodic times to visit UB, frequently begging, borrowing, stealing, poach- ing, plundering. Plagiarisms ocanr perpetually. Ans. ' . tralia is not a musical oolony, notwithstanding all the J j teaching and piano-thumping in it. Oar birdB aro not | 1 songsters,-magpie and frog oonoorts excepted, with a few jackass-birds, so- called, very improperly, whoa they meet on a withered hranoh of a gum-tree to wish one another good morning, are the only creatures in New Sooth Wales, except man, wbiob attempt tho oharas 11 Gemniani spoiled a qalro of musio paper, in vain attempts to composo for " The broom of tho Cowden Knowos " o second mo« a a re, corresponding onto the j first ; and the Sooioty of Ancient Muaio, oflVred a pi izo of £30 to the person who could accomplish tbis nico per. formance. The money was never won ; nor will it be claimed. The last laird of Skene of that ilk, who was a stanch Stnartite, and believed that the bagpipe was not only a Jewish and a Roman instrument, for producing Bweet sounds, but tht iirefi jg5 to tho man or woman who would add a second measure to a favourite aria, little known, never pub. lisbed, called, " Up an' waur them a' Jemmie." A pipar in lAberdsen won tho prize, and tba writer can whistle these two parts, yea, note thom down, altho' he never j heard the tune, except onco, about twenty years sines, or thereabouts. Let na take the fashionable sang of " My Johnnie was a shoemaker." The muaio belongs to tba Scottish liles, and is chiefly remarkable for its quaintness. I could give Lody Dca a dozen folly as edd. Few of these ter. minate on tho key- note, ara all irregular, and, like many of oar Welsh and far highland Soottish airs, sonnd wild to modern ears, being moro suitable to the words of a j widely different language than English or Scotch namely, the Gaelic. The strathspey style of maria is, ruf gtnerí; truly j Scottish. On» great art ia executing a strathspey pro. 1 P»rij' U hana ta tb« bow-lag: for tba violin mad b« eon'aidrrrd theirHjnatat beyond i'll ol her« effective ia guion »ne u-ac meanie g and apirit to a good iff»th»p>y, although we sad some genuine pipa tunea amongst Ultra. .Street Bobin Buiña would «Ho» Satan play "naeootil. lona new'com-' "ae Fr.ti00." to bis witabea' dance ia» AUowaj'a Auld Haunted Kirk Bat bornptps», jigs, .Uath>3«)s,(na rtelt. Fat life an' o«lUo in Uulzhaelr« " t; Well Ame Bobio lad. Wancb ; it makaa ma almost danea to .think of the scene. Wallahs, a-allopsdes. polkas,'and al aoeh whirligigs were not then known, even to tnerde'il himself: 1 .' : - The - vieHin; beeatne - a rather common instrament in Briliio, »boot th« time of Charles the t-eoono". It wari 'however; known. in some .great families of SsotfaaoV previous to thai period, Tradition relates that an Italian adveotorer ohallengeo all the students of Stög"« College, Aberdeen',-, to a trial of musical skill oa that instrument. A (.entuman belonging to the family of Grants, seized the vtoliDr«nd - truck up a mode of musio so new, so étrange to the aha benger, (bat be left the city and yielded Ibo laurslar to young Grant. That tun» tío played is atill remembered au Tullochgorum, so r.-1! known, so difficult t? perform ; jot few rank higher in* tba! style of nrnsio. A» King's College wa» built in tfier year 1494, (be competition could nut have ooonrrer* earlier than about the aixtsenth cenlory. It ia not unknown tl,ut a few of our Scottish arila* once, pertained to the Cabello rim»), »nd many at the Reformation-a reformation indeed-»ere appropriated, »nd very loose words adapte*, to tt.e ctnxio, in derision of tbe aneient religion, I haver in possession a very «harming ettaunt, picked up dating; the performance of a peculiar dance in the north cf Scotland, now in dJasas. rode,-called the Ba' dance. It was evidently the reovains of a aemi.reHgiouB ceremony, perhaps, «her* the Abbot of Unreason presided, aa friars ate especially mentioned in the introductory dialogue, before the ba", or ball, is introduced into the band of the ûiat danoer. ? Both music,, words,, and danoo are all remarkable-in their ajayv Your correspondent proposes to himself1 the-agrjeable :ask of noting down all the airs, revis; and fctamobappys ret uopnblished, wbioh he remembers, and they ave not 'ev, if any . encouragement is oflVrau by his-sonaUry nen, and tba admirara of Caledonia's barp or scs-g»-her kma or Hogg, her Taonabill or Soo«,-nor Benasa« or HoNeil, ber DOITS or Gows, her Marshall or Hftoifld »rant, her Petrio or Fraser, of ICnoobla I'ob, lairdl. X hall be out of breatb, as the man aaid'when bis- wtfe ranted bim to go up- unto the gallows and 'be ». ie may. endeavour "to recover these reaaioisoenoes. of ays now long pon» by from the luthean stream« off bllvion. Proud of) th» sterne. Wallabadah. I an, yonm SCOTUS¿ 