Till''. GHOST II K DIDN'T SKE. ( Frmn Mac Millan'x Magazine.} 1 was rather disappointed, if the truth must be told — so indeed we all were at home — at this scanty flow of words, when he returned to us from tha,t grim Crimean campaign. As for the general story of the war, we did not want that from him, as they might have done whose kinsman should have returned to them from so distant a scene of warfare in the old days ivheu electric telegraph, express trains aud steamers were lint, and when the Times had not invented its ' Own Correspondent.' Wc- used to send him that general story, iu comprehensive chapters on that journal's broad sheet, and with the pictorial panoramas of the Illustrated London News. He and his comrade re id it thus, so I have heard him say, with curious, eager, and intense delight. 1 think his heart must have beat quick one day upon reading, in one of its very noblest chapters, his own liauw, scored under by my pen as I had read it proudly, before sending him that, paper. But what we wanted were particulars of what had personally befallen him; for we knew that, though it was hard, imteed, to be pre-eminent in discharge of duty or daring of danger amidst that flower of the world's soldierhood, he had been noted as noteworthy, even among such, hy those who had the best, means of appreciating his courage aud his industry. In explanation of the latter word; I may remark that his arm of the service was one of those which our then allies designate as ' Armies savantes,' or ' Scientific Arms.' ; I hare found this modest manly silence, touch ing personal exposure and achievement, an almost invariable characteristic of our noble fighting men. My reader will, therefore, kindly bear it in mind that the detailed and continuous narra tive I put under his eyes here, is of my writing rather than of his telling, short as it is. But I have interwoven in it, so far ao I know, nothing but authentic threads of recollection. I picked the matter for the spinning of them bit by bit out of his conversation, as an old woman might pick out of a long hedgerow, at great intervals, wool enough to furnish worsted for knitting needles to work into a stocking or a pair of mits. Pie had been under fire continuously, for seven hours and more, on one of the most hard-fought days of all that hard-fought struggle, and, as he rode away at evening towards the camp, rode bare-headed, iu reverent acknowledgement to Heaven for the marvel that he was riding out of tho hail of iron himself unhurt. ? As for the unobserved incidents of that day's danger, from which so merciful a preservation had been vouchsafed, they would be hard to reckon ; several occasions during those seven exposed hours, it really seemed that the messen gers of death avoided him, as in some legend they turn aside from the man who bears a charmed life. There was a six-pound shot, which he saw distinctly coming, as a cricketer eyes the projectile which threatens his middle wicket. It pitched right iu front of him, and rose as a cricket ball when the turf is parched and baked, bounding clean up into the air, and so passing over his untouched head. It fell behind him, and he looked at it more than once that day, and, but for its inconvenient bulk, thought of carrying it away for a memento. There was a four-and-twenty pound shot next, a sort of twin-brother to that which, some three weeks before, had actually torn his forage-cap from off his head ; but it came too quick for sight. He was at that moment backing towards the shafts of an ammunition cart a horse, whose reins he held close to its jaw, as he spurred on his own to make it give way in the right direc tion. Smash ! come the great globe of iron, and as the bones, blood and brains bespattered him, he almost himself fell forward ; for the poor brute was restive no longer ; headless horses don't strain against the bit, although 'tis just as hard as ever to back them into the shafts. Then there was a moment — one of those of j direst confusion, of what other than such soldiers as fought that fight would have reckoned a moment of dismay, — a moment wherein regi mental order itself was in part broken and con fused ; guardsmen mingled with linesmen, linesmen with blue-coated artillery. : There had been fearful havoc among those noble servants of the deep-voiced cannon, and men were wanted to hand out the shells from a cart he had himself brought up, replenished, to a breastwork. He called in sonie of the linesmen. One of them stood by him foot to foot, almost or actually in contact. They were handing ammu nition from one to the other, as men do fire buckets when fires are blazing in a street. He leant in one direction to pass on the load he had jmt taken from the soldier's hand ; the soldier was bending towards the next man in the chain ; a Russian shell came bounding with a whirl, then burst and scattered its deadly fragments with terrible force. One of its great iron shreds passed — there was just room for it — between his legs and the soldier's that, stood next liiin. They looked each other in the face. ' A near shave that, sir 1' said the man. ' Nearer than you think for, perhaps,' .he answered ; for he had felt the rounder surface of the fragment actually bruise him as it passed, whereas its ragged edge had shaven, with a marvellous neatness, from his trouser, part of the broad red stripe upon the outer seam. I venture to give these minute details because th*y may help other civilians, as they helped me, to ' realise,' as they call it now-a-days, more vividly the risks of a day of battle, and the large drafts they draw upon a man's fund of nerve and composure, just as he stands, without coining into any close encounter. But at last the firing was done ; and, bare headed, as I have said, he turned and rode back towards the camp. It was before the famine period there, and though there waB no superfluity of food, there was food to be had, and that long day's fighting- men wero in sore need of it. It was dusk, aud lie was lighting a candle to sit down to his meal, when the voice of a French soldier called something like his name from the outside. He was himself a perfect master of that language, as the ' Soldat-du-train' who stood out side found to his great relief upon his first utter \ arice;.o'f inquiry. ?'?fiTlic. Frenchman held a mule by the bridle, and 'ficWtlie creature's back lay something which iookiAl like, a heavilly filled parti-colored sack. It was' a far otherwise ghastly burden^ The body ol an olliccr,, stripped baro-yill h(lt-tlio trousers; the ?dark' dothed legs hang^'i'g, ono way, tha fair skin ned naked ?shouldei'fiiand' arms the. other, the face towards tho ground:' r was -lire(ied, 'inon ofliceiy/o6 bring this poor gent leinau'8.-i;ovj)sc to you. Jl 1 hey say you were » friend of-liri^his'iiiimo '// Captain X ? . I Even at that early 'sj;.vge .oi' tho campaign such I shocks h'id: lost ;t!i-Wi;fiirtlin^ effect, of novelty ; ; L» -? r/-v.Lh el o -.3 , 1 \ e vn ;.ve're few_ names among those | nml grieve him more to hour pronounced under I t'Ucli ciicuni-itanci's. The light w.e- fetched. He raided the poor hotly ; then, with a high, let it once more gently down. Then: was a small round hole in the very centre of the forehead, whereat the i:lle ball had darted into the brain of his hapless friend. lie called an orderly, and directed him to ac company the Frenchman to the dead man's tent. He would himself soon follow and see to hia re ceiving a soldier's obsequies. His weariness aud exhaustion were such as to render it imperatively necessary that he should first take his food, to which he returned, with what increased weight at heart, who shall rightly tell? It needs not that the tension of a man's nerves should have been strung tight by the hand of battle, for him to know, from his own experience, what is the strange, anil awful, ami weird feeling of the first relaxa tion of them in the early afterhours of responsi bility, danger, or important crisis of decision. If apparitions and visions of things unearthly be in deed mere fictions of men's brain, such afterhours are just those wherein the mind is readiest to yield to the power of illusion. Illusion or reality more startling, more unaccountable by far than it ? Whether of tho two was this? There entered at the curtain of his tent tho dead man, towards whom, in a few minutes more, he should have been showing the last sad kindnesses. The light fell full aud clear upon his face. He took oif his forage-cap as he came in. The broad white forehead showed no longer any trace of the murderous incrash of the ball which had slain him. Into the poor dull glazed eyes the gleam had re turned — could it indeed be the gleam of returned life ? Or, do the eyes of ghosts gleam like life so ? ' What made you send 'that French man with my corpse to me ? At least he would insist that it was mine.' 'X ? Gracious 1 Can it be you, in deed ?' 'Who should it be? Wlmt ails you mar. ? Why do you stare at me so ?'' ' I cannot say what ails me ; but I am surely under some strange delusion. It is not half an hour surely, since I saw you stretched lifeless across a mule's back, with a rifle bullet between your eyes. What can this mean ? You are not even wounded.' 'No, thank God! Nothing has touched 'me for this ouce ; but that French soldier — did you then send htm up, indeed?' *' Indeed I did.' Hideous comic-tragic episode in the awful drama of war i They discovered by- and-by that their slain brother soldier was no comrade of their own corns, but a brave officer of another arm. Neither of them had known him personally, nor had they heard before that between him and X ? ex- isted, in his lifetime, the most remarkable and close resemblance — such an identity of feature as is rarely seen save in twin-brothers. Now, it has struck me sometimes as I have turned over in my mind this strange but true story, that there may hare been among that wearied host that night, men to whom indeed what happened appeared the demonstration of the truth concerning ghostly visitants ; men who may have known only the gallant man that fell, as my kinsman only knew the man for whom he was mistaken; they may have seen him fall, or have known bis fatal mis adventure ; and then they, too, may have seen his perfect image, his very self — as they needs must have reckoned it — pass by them, in the gleam of their tent's lantern, through that November mist; — pass by them though they may have been dear friends aud comrades, without a word, a nod, a sign of recognition ; pass by them upon some un earthly erraud, on his way back, perhaps, to answer, in the ghost-world to the roll-call of the dead. 