AtJaTKALASIAN AVESLEl'AS' AIETilO JJlST COAFlCliE^CE. We hare already published from Sydney journals I an account of the reception of Dr. Jobson in that j city. We now continue from the Christian Advocate the report of the proceedings of the Conference. The address having been read to the Con ference, The Rev. Dr. Jobsos spoke at considerable length to the ministers assembled, in terms which frequently elicited outbursts of response from his joyful hearers. He expressed his thanks for the vety kind and true fraternal welcome given to him by the Conference, and his fear that with the i tumult of strong emotions raging within he would not be able to reply suitably to the greetings and salutations he had received. If it were asked why the Methodists of England rejoiced so greatly in 1 their brethren and children so far away, he would answer because of their Christian and Methodist steadfastness. They had been careful to rest on the old and tried foundations. They had had respect to "spiritual living godliness within the soul, to family religion, and family worship, as their pastoral addresses, issued from year to year, showed. They had inculcated growth in grace, perfection in love, earnest effort for the con version of the ungodly, and liberal endeavours for the salvation or the heathen in the outlying islands around them. These were essentials in Methodism. Without them it would be but a name without a reality, a shadow without a substance, a dead skeleton of bones and sinews without a heart and,vital motion. These essentials must be held fast in all hemisphere if Methodists would be faithful to Cod, and faithful to one another; and! for their unyielding hold upon them British Methodists rejoiced. Another reason for rejoicing before the Lord was found in the adherence on this side of the globe by Wesleyan ministers to the old evangelical form of Methodist preaching. In England, as they would-know, there had been attempts, under newly-coined terms and phrases, to disguise the truth, and to present as more original and attractive than the garb of St. Paul's, Martin Luther's, George Whitfields, and John Wesley's preaching the Gospel of Christ. Othere, under "professions of broad and catholic—but, in reality, loose—views of Christian doctrines, had sought to embowel Christianity of her living truths. Thank Cod! in England there had been no depar ture from old Methodist preaching by their brethren in the ministry, and he (the Doctor) was giad to know there had been equal stedfastness m the truth here. There would be diversity of gifts y, phili in a living ministry. Poetry, philosophy, and narration would be found according to the mental characters of the ministers ; but that nosegay style of dressing up the Gospel as for a public entertainment was a tinsel and a gaud offensive to God, and whicli^jnan will soon nauseate, while a Christless Gospel was a mockery and a fraud. The Conference at home rejoiced that the brethren of Australasia adhered, not only to the truth, but to old forms of truth, to common sense, and to their own Saxon language. Another reason of thankful gratificatiou was thoir care for the best interests of the voung growing up in these colonies. In England the Wesleyans had been moved by events and cir cumstances to do so. They bad found tliat they must do so, if they would not be elbowed out of their places and station in the land. And he was glad to have to report that in Great Britain both day and Sabbath schools had been multiplied in their number, and elevated in their character. The Doctor then referred to subjects named in the address of the British Conference,. and in the memorial sent to it from the Conference of Aus tralasia last year. He said the British Conference fully sympathized in the anxiety expressed for the supply of a duly qualified ministry. He observed —it is God's prerogative to call and send forth efficient ministers. But as Dr. Bunting observed— (here the Doctor was interrupted by a spontaneous burst of reverential feeling for the departed minis ter named, when he exclaimed fervently—Thank you for that expression of filial reverence for one who, if anywhere near earth, is not far from this part of the work of God, on which his large mis sionary heart was set.) As Dr. Bunting observed. A genuine revival will yield ministerial candi dates." It was so; for where churches were found quick and alive with spiritual feeling; and zealous for the Lord of Hosts, candidates for the ministry would he among their fruits. At home it had been found so; hence the last year being that of the greatest numerical increase, with one year's exception, had yielded the largest number of minis terial candidates. This legitimate fruit of churches baptized with the Holy Ghost and power British Methodists prayed might be found more abun dantly in Australasia, so that the crying wants of the colonies and of the islands of the Pacific might lie more adequately supplied. The Conference of England was also in full sympathy with the Con ference in' Australasia on an educated and efficient ministry. This object had been much considered and discussed by the British Conference lately. In thinking and speaking of it they did not mean that every efficient minister of the Gospel must be, in the fashionable sense of the phrase, "a learned man." Such a requirement would reflect upon the memoir of some of the fathers and founders of Methodism, who though not in the school sense learned, yet possessed the best of knowledge, and knew how to employ it to the best advantage. But in these days ministers were required able to teach and lead forth their people in scriptural, experi mental, and practical knowledge, and that with such propriety and order of speech as should com mand tlieir respect and attention. They must still cleave to the principle that now, as of old, God would call to preach and minister for Him from all ranks and classes of society. But in these days of facility for self-improvement, if a young man be lieving that he is called by the Holy Ghost to preach the Gospel does not avail himself of aids presented to him for self-improvement, he, in the Doctor's opinion, by that neglect disqualified himself. For while valuing elementary knowledge and mental discipline, yet what minister of power had not worked hard at self-improvement? All must do so if they would not be drones in the hire of Metho dism. The British Conference had acted upon this ground, and last year rejected from the 133 candidates for the ministry 20 of them; and he would say earnestly, and with a voice that would reach all affiliated Conferences, if practicable. Do not take our leavings! Do not take incompetent and lazy men; they will not benefit or serve you. The brethren at home will help you to ministers as far as they can, if you desire it. But, as declared in the answer to your memorial, it shall henceforth only be with such as have passed through all the usual forms of recommendation and examination for English circuits. They will also do what is practicable and proper in the supply of mission ...... ' of< " aries. Of this, however, and of other matters named in your memorial, be must speak as the several subjects should arise in the order of pro ceeding. But he would observe, in conclusion, that Methodism at home was not only prosperous numerically, and in its funds, but it was now more united, compact, and spiritually fruitful than it had ever been before. " Its ministry, too, was encouraging. Some of the venerated forms remem bered by brethren there had departed from the Conference. Watson, Anderson, Lassey, Marsden, Recce, Dr. Newton, and Dr. Bunting were gone. And in some instances he could not say their places were filled up by single individuals. But God could put two or half a dozen men in the room of one, and thus cany on his work. On the average, and in the whole, there is more talent and power in the Methodist ministry at home than at any former period. Some veteran fathers still remain to direct tlieir counsels. Such ministers as Xhos. Jackson, Dr. Hannah, Dr. Dixon, John Scott, Isaac Heeling, Dr. Hoolc, John Lomas, John Farrar, and Francis West were still with them, as were the men of middle life, such asWaddy, Stamp, Battenbury, Dr. Osborn, Prcst, Barrett, James, and Arthur. There were also promising younger men rising up, whose names were honoured in all churches, and whose eloquence and writing were known in all parts of Great Britain. The dis cussions of last Conference, somewhat lengthy perhaps on some matters, brought out great powers of debate, and gave promise of Methodist advoc of debate, and gave promise of Methodist advocacy grateful to every lover of the brotherhood. For himself be hardly knew where he stood. He was brought up among; and methodistically educated, by the older men, and yet he was (he companion of the middle-aged and the younger. The fathers, on the one hand, were passing away one after another; hut, thank God! others are rising up in their stead. For fatheis, brethren, and all the Methodists of the fatherland, he tendered to (he Australasian Conference and to Australasian Me thodists loving and prayerfulgreetings, wishingthat they ought soon be made a thousand times as many more as they are, " The Bev. Doctor sat down amidst great applause, with which he had been often greeted during his address. It was found that twelve young men had com pleted their term of probation, and were recom mended by their respective District Meetings to be received into full connection with the Conference. The Conference record goes on to state that ten young brethren have completed the third year of their probation. Fifteen have travelled two years, and eight have travelled one year. Seven young men having been recommended by tlieir respective District Meetings were received on trial by the Conference. The Bev. Mr. Waterhodse, from South Ans tralia, save notice that he would, at the conveni ence of the Conference, move the following reso lution:— "That all candidates for our ministry, -who are recommended to be received on trial, shall preach in the presence of at least three of the ministers of the District Committee (at or about the rime of its annual meeting), to be selected by the Chair man, exclusive of the Sunerintendents by whom the candidates are respectively proposed. A special report of the sermons shall be made in the District Meeting: and they shall be further required to furnish the District Committee with a manuscript copy of one of their sermons." The Rev. T. B. Harris gave notice that it was his purpose to submit the following resolution for the consideration of the Conference "That some measures be devised for establish ing a Connections! fund for the education and training of candidates for our minisby." The subjoined extracts from the proceedings of the Conference relate to matters of general interest, I which were discussed on various days between the | 20th and 30th of January:— The President of Conference requested the Ber. Dr. Jobson to conduct the theological exami nation of the two candidates for the Ordination re sident in this district. The Brethren Woolnough and Orton were then examined at considerable length by the Doctor. Thy examination was most i satisfactory, andthe candidates were unanimously received into full connection with the Conference. The candidates of the other districts were then re ceived by the formal vote of the Conference, and the respective Chairmen were directed to proceed with their ordination as soon as convenient . A lengthened conversation arose on the state of the Friendly Islands Mission, and the Conference finally concluded that it was necessary that some senior missionary should be sent to take charge of that important mission. After serious andpatient consideration the Conference resolved—" That in its judgment the experience and circumstances of the Rev. W. J. Davis render him the most eligible, and (hat he be appointed to the Friendly Islands District." The conversation on the management of -the foreign missions was resumed, and the opinions of many members of the Conference were freely ex pressed. The discussion terminated in the unani the British Conference to the memorial of the last Australasian Conference be respectfully received and entered on our minutes; but the Conference desires that the Rev. Dr. Jobson, having heard full explanations by this Conference, should represent to the English Con ference the practical difficulties in the working * our missions referred to in our memorial, lnt_. hope that Bome arrangement may be mutually agreed upon for meeting the exigencies of the case." - _ '1 ■ ■ A discussion arose Ob the importance of training native ministers and tearhetyandii nsMohn: that 30M. be placed on the estimates for the new car for the training of native young men, und r he direction of the Chairman of the Auckland District. _ Estimated Revenue for 18GI— • New South Wales District £3,000 0 0 Victoria ... ... ... 3,000 0 0 South Australia ... ... 1,000 .0 0 Tasmania .. ... 800 0 0 Auckland ... ... 250 0 0 Wellington ... ... 230 0 0 Friendly Islands — • 200 0 0 Fejec Islands "" SO 0 0 Proceeds of oil. Friendly Islands and Fejee District 3,000 0 0 The estimated Expenditure— -£11.530 0 0 Auckland District £2,708 8 0 Wellington do. 1,389 16 0 Friendly Islands do 2,382 13 0 Fejee Islands do. 5,706 3 0 Expenses of "John Wesley" 1,800 0 0 General expenses 900 ft 0 Returned missionaries and children ... 898 7 6 Chinese Mission. Victoria 200 0 0 Oil-tanks 150 0 0 £16,385 7 6 The Conference proceeded to consider the nume rical returns of the members of the Church. Tho following were given in and approved:— Districts. New South Wales Victoria South Australia... Western Australia Tasmania Auckland Wellington Friendly Islands... Fejee Islands Totals... 33,964 2,248 7,657 464 Net increase 1,784 The Fund for the Education of Ministers'' Chil dren was then brought before the Committee. The Rev. W. Butters, the Treasurer, read the balance sheet for the past year, which was unanimously approved by the Committee. The of the Committee werefunanimously accorded to the Trea surers, the Rev. w. Butters and J. Cotton, Esq., forptheir services, and they were reappointed to their office. The sittings of the Conference were expected to . last several days longer. It is the present intention of Dr. Jobson, we learn to spend Sundays, the 17th and 24th March, in Adelaide. Rifle Match.—A correspondent says: —"A match for 10?. came off at Gawler on Wed nesday between six of the 1st Gawler Rifles and six of the Gawler Volunteers. The latter won by the large majority of 29 points—the First Gawiers only scoring 64. Distances 200, 300, 500, and GOO yards; five rounds each distance. J. Turner acted as umpire; Private Eindo, of the Gawler Volun teers, and Corporal Kinnear, of the 1st Gawler Rifles, acting as markers. s V "3 cf I 3 £ - •e Eh g % c 0 <5 3,820 215 449 — 5,424 722 672 — 2,841 262 526 — 111 16 1 ? 931 68 51 ? 1,009 — 137 200 674 — 74 204 8,230 356 539 ? 10,324 609 5,308 — 