EPITOME OF NEWS. COPPER AND COPPER MINES.-South Australian copper, in England, is quoted at £96 to £100 per ton ; Burra Burra shares, at £135 ; and those of the Great Northern, the Kapunda, and others, at premium. SURVEY OF THE COAST.-Two gentle- men, Commander Hutchinson and Mr. Howard, R N., have arrived in the Wonga Wonga, from Sydney, with a view to a thorough survey of the coast from Cape Northumberland to Cape Nuyt. They are familiar with a portion of ths coast line, having served on board H.M.S. Herald. STUART'S PARTY.-Mr. Stuart's party under command of Mr. Thring, arrived at Moolooloo on November 20. Further information to to the 22nd states that Mr. Stuart's party was to start for Chambers's Creek on Monday, November 25. The party were well and in good spirits. CATTLE DISEASE-Thursday's Gazette contains a proclamation intimating that the authorities of the province of Canterbury, New Zealand, will cause to be seized and destroyed all cattle imported until further notice, either from this province or the adjacent colonies. DEPARTURES-Mr. Younghusband, for- merly Chief Secretary of the province, and Mr. Taylor, of the firm of Messrs. Elder, Stirling and Co., of Adelaide, and one of the proprietors of the great Wallaroo Mines, have taken their departure in the steamship Benares for England. 7,000 persons visited the gardens in Adelaide on the occasion of the opening of the fountain, and of the Horticultural and Florticultural Society's exhibition. In the Assembly, Mr. A. Blyth asked if it was true that the moorings at Macdonnell Bay bad been damaged. The Treasurer replied that something of the kind had, he believed, happened ; but he was not in pos- session of the particulars. THE LATE MURDER AT GAWLER.- A farmer named Peter Star, aged 70, was committed for trial, at the Globe Inn, Gawler, on Thursday, by a Coroner's Jury, on the charge of having murdered his ser- vant, George Lawless, aged 23, by stabbing with a bayonet. The evidence of the ser- vant girl showed that Lawless and Star were drunk together on a bed, the latter on the top of the deceased, who had a bayonet through the body, passing between the ribs to the heart. The Jury of fifteen deliber- ated for three hours, and brought in a verdict of murder by a majority of 12, the other three contending for manslaughter.- Bells Life in Adelaide. MODESTY.-An amusing act of modesty on the part of a daughter of the "Gim of the Say" occurred at the Port Police Court, last week. She was the plaintiff, and had sued another lady for washing and ironing. The counsel for defendant requested an enumeration of the articles claimed for, upon which the plaintiff exclaimed, "An' shure I shall do no such thing unless all the men are ordered out of Court." This not being complied with, she reluctantly enumerated sundry articles of wearng apparel, and left the remainder "unknown, unregistered, untold."-Ibid. AMERICAS VERDICT....An exquisite in Philadelphia wore his clothes so tight the other evening at a party that they terminated in an apoplexy. The following verdict was returned by a coroner's jury. "Choked to death by a white satin cravat... Albany Dutchman. Why is light wine but the ghost of wine! Because it has no body to it. "We learn," says the Ballarat Star, "that the crops, such as wheat and oats, have been injured to even a greater extent than was supposed by the late frost. The farmers are not only cutting down both crops; but actually, in some instances, have turned their cattle into fields of wheat and oats. Holders of wheat look forward to a rise in this article of produce before long. OTAGO.-- The prevailing burden of the advices which have arrived from Otago in Victoria is, that the cost of provisions and cartage, the extreme scarcity of timber and even common firewood, and the doubt about there being any but a limited gold field in the southern island of New Zealand, are such and so great that the writers cannot conscientiously recommend their relations and acquaintances to leave their present occupations. Upon carefully analysing the numerous statements which appear in the New Zealand intelligence we publish to- day, we come to the conclusion that nearly the whole of the gold that has been exported from Dunedin has been the produce of Gabriel's Gully and a few small neighbor- ing gullies. Waitahuna may or may not be a rich gold-field, but at any rate no remark- able finds from there have been as yet re- corded. There can be no doubt whatever about the richness of Gabriel's Gully, nor yet that it has paid well for being worked a second time. This second working, or, perhaps, we should rather say resumption of work, as warmer weather sets in, has thus largely swelled the escort' and export returns. Those who are bent on going to New Zealand or the Lachlan will, of course, "make tracks,'' spite of all reason or remon- strance. But there are always waverers, and to them we would say, wait for definite news of a permanent gold field in Otago or in New South Wales, before expending your savings in buying what may be but another better experience.--Bendigo Advertiser. 