OUR HOLY FATHER THE POPE. The following flying-sheet has been circulated largely in Paris : — 1. Always the same tune ! In the street arid at home, in the newspapers and in conversation, at church and at the pothouse, we hear nothing else but discussions on our holy father the Pope. All this noise becomes tiresome. The poor dear old man may have made some mistakes ; that is his misfortune ; but it is his own look-out. If, as is said, he has broken faith with Iub neonle by making promises to them which he has nev;er kept, I think that, after having exhausted their stock of patience, they have a right to say to him, ' Holy Father, we beg you a thousand pardons for leaving ' you, but. we prefer to have for a temporal leader a j bra re and gallant King who keeps his word.' If, as is said, he curses modern civilization, and believes that liberty is meant for him alone, what is to be done? Is not a shrug of the shoulders the best reply. If he mistakes obstinacy for dignity, the von pos sumus for magnanimity, Castelfidardo for a glorious battle-field, the abductions of Mortaro and Bluth for acts of heroic virtue —truly the infallibility of the .Holy Father appears to me to be somewhat at fault. If, as is said, the Holy Father is doomed to^fell headlong from the summit of his temporal power; it will only be by his own overbalance, and because he did not think it worth while to give a substructure to his edifice by deserving the love of his subjects ; and that is his own look-out. ir. If the Holy Father followed in the steps of Christ, proving to us by his conduct that he is the first disciple of a kind and loving master. If, instead of reminding us of Peter's pence and the patrimony of the Chnrch, he. spoke to us of a celestial kingdom and of the treasures of frith and morality. If he busied himself a little, less with rifled cannon, and a little more with the spiritual weapons with which he would teach us to overcome injustice, idle ness, and debauchery.' If, following in the steps of the Lord, he would drive the vendors out of the Temple, that the whole : edifice should contain only works of puritv, charifcv, and piety. Ifj in a word, he only gave us as a command, the holy Gospels, — Oh, then we should vie with one another to give him a welcome ! A thousand voices would shont, ' Hail to the Pontiff we want '. Lone live the Holy Father! B in. But ii he shuts himself up in his «-j» possumus— if he refuses to take one step to place himself on a level with the age and to agree with Him who is the master of all ages, we have but one choice— to do without, him. Let this alarm no one. His ikll cannot hurt us, because it is not he who saves us. His name is not to be found on the lips of Jesus Christ or of the Apostles; The first Christians did without him, and were none the worse for it. In fact, he has entered the Church with his tiara resplendent with jewels, with his cortege of ^^ proud prelates, holding out his foot to be kissed by those who approach his throne ! ? He/ has come dictating laws to the kings and em perors of tlie earth, claiming for himself alone uni versal supremacy ! 'v ... He has come with his mouth full of invectives for his enemies, and for those who .do not submit to his arbitrary decrees' ! He has come to abduct children from their mothers, to prohibit the clergy from marriage, to throw dis order broadcast into the ChurclTof God ! -He has coaie shouting, 'To arms, -'to arms !' and but reoently we have all heard the echo pf his belli cose shouts, ' Stand'by me, Zouaves ! Lamoriciere to the rescue ! Charge Europe in my name !' _ And how can he, then,call-himself the representa tive of the meek and. humble Jesos, whose kingdom is not of this world, and who declined every crown, except a crown of thorns ? How dare he claim the. name of Him who.came not to be waited upon, but to serve ; who had no place wherewithal to lay his head ; wlaose followers were the poor, and indigent, and sick ; who came only to bless us and to save us ? How dare he compare himself to Him who blessed ntue cniidren, and restored thein to then- mothers — who declares marriage honorable for all. men — who lias said, ' Put back your swork into the scabbard, for all those who draw the sword shall perish, by the sword ?' ' And Jesus Christ said to his disciples. You know that those who rule onr nations treat them with authority, and that their Princes exercise authority over them. With you this sball not be so but other wise. Let you not be called masters, for ye have but one Master, who is Christ, and ye are all brothers.' = Let us, then, not trouble ourselves about the fate of the Holy Father. Let us acknowledge Jesus Christ as our only master. Yes. Jesus Christ, who mvea'hn O-nri nnlv t.Vio fitle of Holy Father, and who-has said to His disciples, ' Call no one on earth your father, for you have only one Father, who is in Heaven. Yes ; Jesus Christ, who offers himself to us as master, pontiff, interceder, and Saviour. Jesus Christ, in a word, who died, but who lives from century to century, and who promises to ns an only substitute, only vicar, till He returns in person — the Holy Ghost, which He gives as a guide and a consoler to all those who put their trust in Him. Let me resume : — Leave to those whom it concerns the right of settling the affairs of Borne. Let us not trouble ourselves about the Pope. Let us take as a guide the Holy Gospels, and as master Jesus Christ alone. 