THE HEW CRISIS. All the humiliation which the Heales Ad ministration has undergone has not pre served it from an ignominious defeat. Pre cisely the 6ame majority as that which nlaced it in office has signed its death war- rant. The retributive justice of the act is significant ; and it must have aggravated the pangs of defeat to witness Mr. Ebden and Mr. O'Shanassy assisting in the final coup de qrace. When the two step-nurses of the Cabinet forsook their youthful charge, the ricketty bantling might well give up the ghost. How those nurses were ever brought to consent to undertake so unthankful an office passes comprehension. Some affect to see in the act the effect of an astute design to prove to the country the incapacity of the Corner party to govern our affairs, to expose their weakness and their vanity, and thus cause them to be sent to a political Coventry. Whether the two experienced gentlemen we have named had any such intention can only be a matter of inference and conjecture ; but certain it is, that if so wary a project was designed, its execution has been successful and complete. Mr. Heales and his colleagues have failed lament- ably, and their chances of regaining power are very remote indeed. It was a great mistake to put a man of Mr. Heales calibre at the head of the Govern ment of the colony of Victoria. He had neither the intellect, the -political standing, nor social status, which would qualify him for the office of Chief Secretary. In private life, he enjoys the reputation of being a re spectable maii ; at temperance gatherings he acquits himself of the duties of chairman very creditably ; and in the house he is noted for a, certain fluency of speech, com bined with a confused notion of the utility and the employment of- aspirates ; but no one ever suspected him of being a statesman, any more than the citizenB of Melbourne >vuuiu buppusc ills lamer, tut? wuri/iry jjhlisu clerk and sexton of St Paul's, Melbourne, to be an eminent divine. To place Mr Heales, /Senior, in the pulpit, and to demand from him an eloquent and impressive sermon, would he just- as improper and as unreasonable' as to elevate Mr Heales, junior, to the Chief Secretarysliip, and to expect him to turn out an impromptu statesman. " You' cannot," gays the old proverb, " make a silk purse out of a sow'b ear." Nor can you rough hew statesmen out of any miscellaneous material -that, may come . to' hand. Had Mr Heales quietly served an apprenticehip of seven years tsL the .trade of legislation, he might by this time, perhaps, have been; qualified' to. occupy -a subordinate position in a ministry : .but to hoist him into the chief place in a cabinet, after so brief . an acquaintance withpolitics, was a prodigious blunder, and the authors of it' are now evidently ashamed of their mis- take. ' , ' . . - , -.' . .. Judging from the tenor of the debate on Tuesday, evening,' the 'Ministry were all at sea on' the subject of their own financial po licy ; for when Mr O'Shanassy asked for an explicit answer to his question, ' " Was it the intention of the Government, to expend more than the three millions- of - the- revenue ?" — what follojved ?: Was it'met by a frank and prompt reply, denoting" that the Adminis tration had made up their minds to a certain course, ' and- would steadfastly pursue it ? Quite-the reverse. The Treasurer was obliged to confer with the' Chief Secretary, and so undecided were both upon the subject, that they eagerly acquiesced in Mr O'Shanassy's suggestion that the House should "adjourn for an hour, to enable' Ministers to ascertain their own sentiments on the subject. "At the' expiration of that time the House re-assem bled, and Mr Verdon announced that he and his colleagues had ascertained what they meant, ahd that .the Government did not mean tp; limit the expenditure to three mil- lions.- And upon this rock they subsequently split ; for if th'e Assembly had by its debates gnd vptes affirmed any 'one principle stronger than another, it was that- no fresh taxation .should be.itnposed, and, inasmuch as the or. dinary revenue of the colony was -'hot likely to exceed three millions in the course of the : current year, that therefore our expenditure should he kept within our income ; the mode in which"- retrenchment was to be applied, being left, of course, to the responsible. Ministers of the - Crown. As Mr Haines very well remarked, "the Government were .-dealing hardly with the House when they attempted -to impose on it the business and duties which really belonged to itself."-. . No Ministry animated by a spirit of self-respect ought thus to abdicate its functions' and evade its responsibilities. Such a course. would no doubt, suit-the pur poses of a feeble' and irresolute administra tion, caring little for the shadow of power, so -long- as it could grasp the substance of patronage and pay -; but those who eDjoy the latter,- m'iist accept the' accompanying duties, and prove' their competency to discharge them. If the members of the Government wisn to db consiaereQ as mere aarnmistraiive "automata, the strings of which are to be worked by a majority of the Legislative Assembly, they must be paid for at a cheap rate accordingly. Fourteen thousand a year is far too much for the use of eight mecha- nical dummies. " Some theatrical super- .numriiu.ries jpigbt be had'at half-a-crown a night; and these useful people would get themselves -up carefully for llio occasion, and in point . of dress, deportment, and delivery, would be preferable to the present " lot." ' Mr Humffray, wo observe, complained of the convenient lorgetfqluess of certain honorable members \vith respect t q former debates ; kit ft really appeara'to ,us that the forgetiu1ue3S V7;lfc a:l the side of liimself and colleagues. ThcT b ad been flistinctly ap- prised of- the. feeling o.uv have misunderstood the plain purpose of' the House, implies eithef ® - stupidity or wilful deafness on the part 01 , the Ministry; while they appear to be alternately pliable and obstinate in the ex treme. I'hey agree to take back one set of estimates ipr the purpose ,of revision, and are stubbornly averse to returning another They submit to ho kicked one day, and are' surprised that an attempt is made to spurn i 7 ?.m lioxt. They invite contumely on one occasion, and resent its repetition oh. another. However, we have seen and heard the last of them, ami wo hope that those who have assisted to displace them, will not shrink from the responsibility which that step involves. The country is sick of vacillating governments and ministerial crises. It de mands a 6trong, an able, and an honest ad ministration; and cares very little from which side of the House the materials are collected. One month of the year 1861 is already gone, only a small sum has been voted for the public service. The product of that month's legislation is absolutely nil. How long is this state of things to be suffered to con tinue ? How long are the great inter ests of the country to be trifled with, while some of its small politicians are squabbling with each other ? How long ore we to exhibit the spectacle of a community entrusted it with unexampled powers of self- government, and yet unable or unwilling to exercise them in a manner conducive to the progress and prosperity of the people ? The excitement of political conflict may pe sport to those that engage in it, but it is death to the credit and welfare , of the country. 