THE OXFORD "ESSAYS AND REVIEWS," No. I. TO THE READER.-It will readily be understood that the authors of the ensuing Essays are responsible for their respective articles only. They have written in en tire independence of each other, and without concert or caparison. The Volume, it is hoped, will be received as an attempt to illustrate the advantage derivable to the cause of religious and moral truth, from a free hand ling in a becoming spirit, of subjects peculiarly liable to suffer by the repetition of conventional language, and' from traditional methods of treatment. The Education of the World.-By FREDERICK TEMPLE, D.D., Chaplain in Ordinary to the Queen ; Head Master of Rugby School ; Chaplain to tho Earl of Denbigh. In a world of mere phenomena, where all events are bound to one another by a rigid law of canse and effect, it is possible to imagine tho cursa of a long period bringing all things at ths end of it into exactly the same relations as they occupied at the beginning. We should, then, obviously have a succession of cycles rigidly similar to one another, both in events aod in the sequence of them. The universo would eternally repeat the same changes in a fixed order of recurrence, though each cycle might be many millions' of years in length. Moreover, the precise simi- larity of these cycles would render the very ex isteoce of each one of them entirely unneces- sary. We can suppose, without any logical inconsequence, any one of them struck out, and the two which had been destined to pre- cedo and follow it brought into immediate con tigaity. This supposition transforms the universe înto a dead machine. The lives and tle souls of men become so indif- ferent, that the annihilation of a whole bonan race, or of many such races, is abso lately nothing. Every event passes away as it happens, filling its place in the sequence, but purposeless for the future. The order of all things becomes, not merely an iron rmle, from which nothing can ever swerve, but an iron rule which guides to nothing and ends in nothing. - Such a supposition is possible to tho logical understanding; it is not possible to the'spirit. The'human heart refuses to . believe in a uni Verso without a purpose. To the spirit, all things (that exist must have a purpose, and nothing can pass away till that purpose be ful- filled. Tho lapse of timo is no exception to this demand. Each moment of time, as it passes, is taken up in "the shape of permanent results into the time that follows, and only perishes by being converted into something more substan- tial than itself. A series of recurring cycles, however conceivable to the logical understand-' iag' is inconceivable to the spirit; for every later cycle must be made different from every sBorlier by the mere fact of coming after it and embodying its results. The material world may possibly be subject to such a rule, and may, in successive epochs, be the cradle of successive races of spiritual beings. But the world. of spirits cannot bo a mere machine. In accordance with this difference be- tween the material and the spiritual worlds, we ought to be prepared to find progress in the Utter, however much fixity there mny be in the former. The earth ntay still be describing , precisely the same orbit sa that which was assigned to her at the crea -tfon. The seasons may be precisely the same. The planets, the moon, and the Btars, may be unchanged both in appearance and in reality. But man is a spiritual as well as a material creature, must be subject to the laws of the spiritual as ' well as to those of the material world, and cannot stand still because things around him do. Now, that, the individual man is capable of perpetual, br almost perpetual, development (rom the day of his birth to that of his death, is obvious of course. But we may well expect to find some- thing moro than this in a spiritual croature mho does not stand alone, but forms a part of a whole world of creatures like himself.' Man cannot be considered as an individual. He is, in reality, only man by virtue of his being a member of the human race. Any other animal that we know would probably not be' very different in its nature if brought up from its very birth apart from all its kind. A child so brought up becomes, as instances could be adduced to prove, not a . man in the full sense at all, but rather a beast in human shape, with human faculties, no doubt, hidden underneath, but with no hope in this life of ever developing those faculties into true humanity. If, then, the whole in this case, as in so many others, is prior to tho parts, we may con- clude, that we are to look for that progress which is essential to a spiritual being subject ts the lapse of timo, not only in the individual, bot also quite as much in the race taken as a' -whole. We may expect to find, in the history of man,- each successive' age incorporating into itself the substance of the prèceding. . , This power, whereby the present ever gathers -into itself the results of the past, transforms ise human - race into a collossal man', whose life reaches from the creation to the day of judgment. The successive generations of men are days in this man's lUfé. The discoveries and inventions which charac- terise the different epochs of the world's his- tory are his works.' The creeds and doctrines, tbe opinions and principles of the successive ages, are his thoughts. The stato of society at different times aro his manners. He grows in knowledge, in self-control, in visible size, just 1 as we do. And his education is in the samo way and for the same reason precisely similar to ours. All this is no figure but only a compendious statement of a very comprehensive fact. The child thát is born to-day may possibly have the same faculties as if he had been born in tho days of Noah ; if it be otherwise, we possess no means of determining the difference. Dut the quality of the natural faculties at starting will not prevent a vast difference in their ultimate development. That development is entirely under the control of the influences exerted by the society in which the child may chance to live. If such society be altogether denied, tho faculties, perish, and the child (as remarked above) grows up a beast and not a man ; if the society be uneducated and coarse; the growth of the faculties is early so stunted as never afterwards to be capable of recovery; if the society be highly cultivated, tho child will bo cultivated also, and will show, more or less, through life, the fruits of that cul- tivation. Hence each generation receives the be- nefit of the cultivation of that which proceded it. Not in knowledge only but in develop- ment of powers, the child of twelve now stands at the level where once stood the child of four- teen, where ages ago stood the full-grown man. The discipline' of manners, of temper, of thought, of feeling, is transmitted from gene- cation to generation, and at each transmission there îa art imperceptible bat unfailing int crease. The perpetual accumulation of the stores of knowledge is so much more visible than the change in the other in- gredients bf. human progress, that .we are apt to fancy that knowledge grows and knowledge only. I shall not stop to examine whether it be true (as is sometimes maintained) that all progress in human society is but the effect of the progress of knowledge. For the present it is enough to point out that know- ledge is not the only possession of the human spirit in which progress can be traced. We may, then, rightly speak of a childhood, a youth, and a manhood of the world. The men of the earliest ages were, in' many respects, still children as compared with our- selves, with all the blessings and with all the disadvantages that belong to childhood. We reap the fruits of their toil, and bear in our characters the impress of their cultivation. Our characters have grown out of their history, as the character of the man grows out of the history of the child. There are matters in which the simplicity of childhood is wiser than the maturity of manhood, and in these they were wiser than we. There are matters in which the child is nothing, and the man everything, and in these we are the gainers. And the process by which we have either lost or gained corresponds, stage by stage, with the process by which the infant is trained for youth, and the youth for man- hood. This training has three stages. In childhood we are subject to positive rules which we cannot understand, but are bound implicitly to obey. In youth we are subject to the influence of example, and soon break loose from all rules unless illustrated and enforced by the higher teaching which example imparts. In manhood we are com- paratively free from external restraints, and if we are to learn, must be our own instructors. First come Rules, then Examples, then Princi- ples. First comes the Law, then the Son of Man, then the Gift' of the Spirit. The world was once a child under tutors and governors until the time appointed by the Father. Then, when the fit season had arrived, the Example to which all ages should turn was sent to teach men what they ought to be. Then the human race was left to itself to be guided by the teaching of the spirit within. The education of the world, like that of the child, begins with Law. It is impossible to explain the reasons of all the commands that you give to a child, and you do not endeavour to do so. When he is to go to bed, when he is to get up, how ho is to sit, stand, eat, drink, what answers he is to make when spoken to, what he may touch and what be may not, what prayers he shall say and when; what les- sons he is to learn, every detail of manners and of conduct the careful mother teaches her child and requires implicit obedience. Mingled to- gether in her teaching are commands of the most trivial character and commands of the gravest importance; their relative value marked by a difference of manner rather than by anything else, since to explain it is impos- sible. Meanwhile to tho child obedience is the highest duty, affection the highest stimulus, the mother's word the highest sanction. Tho conscience is alive, but it is, like tho other faculties of that age, ir- regular, undeveloped, easily deceived. The mother does not leave it uncultivated, nor refuse sometimes to explain her motives for commanding or forbidding; but she never thinks of putting the judgment of the child against her own, nor of considering the child's conscience as having a right to free action. As thé child grows older ' the education changes its character, not ao muoh in regard to the sanction of its precepts as in regard to their tenor. More stress is laid upon matters of real duty, less upon matters of mere manner. Falsehood, quarrelling, bad-temper, greediness, indolence, are more attended to than times of going to bed, or fashions of eating, or postures in sitting. The boy is allowed to feel, and to show that he feels, tho differ- ence between different commands. But he is still not left to himself : and though points of manner are not put on a level with points of conduct, they are by no means neglected. Moreover, while much stress is laid upon his deods, little is laid upon his opinions ; he is rightly supposed not to have any, and will not be allowed to plead them as a reason for dis- obedience, ' After a time, however, tho intellect begins to assert a right to enter into all ques- tions of duty, and the intellect accordingly is cultivated. The reason is appealed to in all questions of conduct: the conse- quences of folly or sin are pointed out, and the punishment which, without any miracle, God invariably brings upon those who disobey His natural laws—how, for instance, falsehood des- troys, confidence and incurs contempt ; how in- dulgence in appetite tends to brutal and degrad- ing habits ; how ill-temper may end in crime, and must end in mischief. Thus the conscience is reached through the understanding. Now, precisely analogous to all this is the history of the education of the early world. The earliest commands almost entirely refer to bodily appetites and animal passions. Tho earliest wide-spread sin was brutal violence. That wilfulness of temper,—those germs of wanton cruelty, which the mother corrects so easily in her infant, were developed in tho earliest form of human society into a prevail- ing plague of wickedness. The few notices which are given of that state of mankind do not present a picture of mere lawlessness, such as we find among the medieval nations of Europe, but of blind, gross ignorance of themselves and all around them. Atheism is possible now, but Lamech's presumptuous comparison of himself with God is impossible, and the thought of building a tower high enough to escape God's wrath could enter no man's dreams. We sometimes see in very little children a violence of temper which seems hardly human: add to such a temper the strength of a full-grown man, and we shall perhaps, understand what is meant by the ex- pression, that tho earth was filled with violence. \- - Violence was followed by sensuality. Such was the sin of Noah, Ham, Sodom, Lot's daugh- ters, and the guilty Canaanites. Animal appe- tites—the appetites which must be subdued in childhood if they are to be subdued at all were still the temptation of mankind. Such sins are, it is true, prevalent in the world even now. But the peculiarity of these early forms of licentiousness is their utter disregard of every kind of restraint, and this constitutes their childish character. The education of this early race may strictly be said to begin when it was formed' into tho various masses out of which tho nations of the earth have sprung. The world, as it were, went to school, and was broken up into classes. Before that time it can hardly be said that any great precepts had been given. The only commands which claim ar earlier date are tho prohibitions of murder and of eating blood. And these may be considered as given to all alike. But the whole lesson of humanity was' too much to be-learned by all at once. Different parts of it fell to the task of different parts of the human race, and for a long time, though the education of the world flowed in parallel channels, it did not form a single stream. The Jewish nation, selected among all as tho depository of what may be termed, in a pre-eminent sense, religious troth, received after a short preparation, the Mosaic system. This system, is a mixture of moral and positive commands : the latter, precise and particular, ruling the customs, the festivals, the worship, the daily food, the dress, the very touch ; the former large, clear, simple, peremptory. There is very little directly spiritual. No freedom of conduct or of opinion is allowed. The difference between different precepts is not forgotten; nor is all natural judgment in morals excluded. But the reason for all the minute commands is never given. Why they, may eat the sheep and not the pig they are not told. The commands are not confined to general principles, but ran into such details as to forbid tatooing or disfiguring the person, to command the wearing of a blue fringe, and the like. That such commands should be sanctioned by divine authority is utterly irreconcileable with our present feelings. But in the Mosaic sys- tem tho same peremptory legislation deals with all these matters, whether important or trivial. The fact is, that however trivial they might be in relation to the authority which they invoked they were not trivial in relation to the people who were to be governed and taught. The teaching of the law was followed by the comments of the Prophets. It is impossible to mistake the complete change of tone and spirit. The ordinances indeed remain, and the obliga- tion to observe them is always assumed. But they have sunk to the second place. The national attention is distinctly fixed on tho higher precepts. Disregard of the ordinances is, in fact, rarely noticed, in com- parison with broaches of the great human laws of love and brotherly kindness, of truth and jus- tice. There are but two sins against the ceremonial law which receive .marked' attention —idolatry and sabbath-breaking ; and these do not occupy a third of the space devoted to the denunciation of cruelty and oppression, of mal-administration of justice, of .impurity and intem perance Nor is the change confined to the precepts enforced ; it extends to the sanction which enforces them. Throughout the Pro- phets there is an evident reference to the deci- sion of individual conscience, which can rarely be found in the Books of Moses. .; Sometimes, as in Ezekiel's comment on the Second Com- mandment, a distinct appeal is made from the letter of tho law to the voice of natural equity. Sometimes, as in tho opening of Isaiah, the ceremonial sacrifices aro condemned for the sins of those who offered them. Or, again, fasting is spiritualised into self-denial. ~ And the tone taken , in this teaching is such as to imply a previous breach/ not so much of positive commands,' as of natural morality. It is assumed that the hearer will find within himself a. 'sufficient sanction for the precepts. ; It is no longer, as in the law,." I am the Lord ;" but, " Hath not he showed thee, O man, what is good?" And hence the style becomes argumen- tative, instead of , peremptory, and- the teacher pleads instead of dogmatising.1 In tho meanwhile,' however, no hint is ever given of a permission to dispense with the ordinances, even in the least degree. The child is old enough to understand, but not old enough to bo left to himself. He is not yet a man. He must still conform to the rules of his father's, house, whether or not those rules suit bis temper or approve themselves to his judg- ment. * * . r ^ Tho comments of the Prophets were followed in their tum by the great lesson, of the Captivity. . Then for, the first time the Jews learned, what that Law and the Prophets had been for centuries vainly endeavouring .to. teach them, namely, to abandon for ever polytheism and idolatry. But though this change in their national habits and character is unmistakable, it might seem at first sight as if it-were no more than an external and superficial amendment, and that their growth in moral and spiritual clearness, though trace- able with certainty up to this date, at any rate received a check afterwards. For it is undeni- able that,in the time of our Lord, the ' Saddu cees had lost all depth of spiritual feeling, while tho Pharisees had succeeded in converting the Mosaic system into so mischievous an idolatry of forms, that St. Paul does not hesitate to call the law the strength of sin. But in spite of this it is nevertheless clear that even the Phari- saic teaching contained elements of a more spir- itual religion than the original Mosaic system. Thus, for instance, the importance attached by the Pharisees to prayer is not to be found in the law. The worship under the law consisted almost entirely of sacrifices. With the sacrifices we may presume that prayer was always offered, but it was not positively-commanded; and, as a regular and necessary part of ' worship, it first appears in tho later-books of the Old Testament, and is never even there so earnestly insisted upon as afterwards by the Pharisees. It was in fact in the captivity, far from the temple and the sacrifices of the temple, that the Jewish people first learned that the spiritual part of worship could be separated from the ceremonial, and that of the two the spiritual was far the higher. The first intro- duction of preaching and the reading of the Bible in the synagogues belong to the same date. The careful study of the law, though it degenerated into formality, was yet in itself a more intellectual service than - the earlier records exhibit. And this study also, though commencing earlier, attains its maximum . after .the cap- tivity ; tho Psalmists who delight in the study of the law aro all,' or nearly all, much later than David ; and the enthusiasm with, which the study is praised increases as we come down. In short, the Jewish nation had lost very much when John the Baptist came to prepare the way for his Master ; but time had not stood still, nor had that course of education whereby the Jew was to be fitted to give the last revela- tion to the world. The results of this discipline of the Jewish nation may be summed up in two points-a settled national belief in the unity and spiritu- ality of God, and an acknowledgment .of the paramount importance of chastity as. a point of morals, The conviction of the unity and spirituality of God was peculiar to the Jews among the pioneers of civilisation. Greek philosophers had, no doubt, come to the same conclusion by dint of reason. Noble minds may often have been enabled to raise them- selves to the same height in moments of gener- ous emotion- But every one knows the differ- ence between an opinion and à practical con- viction--between a scientific deduction or a momentary insight and that habit which has become second nature. Every one, also, knows the difference between a tenet maintained by a few intellectual men far, in advance of their age, end a belief pervading a whole people, penetrating all their daily life, leaven- ing all their occupations, incorporated into their very language. To the great mass of the Gentiles at the time of our Lord, poly- theism was the natural posture of the thoughts into which their minds unconsciously settled when undisturbed by doubt or difficulties. To every Jew, without exception, monotheism was equally natural. To the Gentile, even when converted, it was, for some time, still an effort to abstain from idols; to the Jew it was no more an effort than it is to us. The bent of the Jewish mind was, in fact, so fixed by their previous training that it would have required a perpetual and difficult strain to enable a Jew to join in such folly. We do not readily realise how hard this was to acquire, because we have never bad to acquire it ; and in reading the Old Testa- ment we look on the repeated idolatries of the chosen people as wilful backslidings from an elementary truth within the reach of children, rather than as stumblings in learn- ing a very difficult lesson- difficult even for cultivated men. In reality, elementary truths are the hardest of all to learn, unless we pass our childhood in an atmosphere thoroughly impregnated with them ; and then .we imbibe them, unconsciously, and find it difficult to perceive their difficulty. It was the fact that this belief was not tho tenet of the fow, but the habit of the nation, which made the Jews tho proper instruments for - communicating the doctrine to - the world. They supported it, not by arguments, which always provoke replies, and rarely, at the best, penetrate deeper than the intellect ; but by the unconscious evidence of their lives. They supplied that spiritual atmos- phere in which alone tho faith of new converts could attain to vigorous life. They supplied forms of language and expressions fit for im- mediate and ' constant- use. They supplied devotions to- fill' the void . which departed idolatry' left behind. The rapid spread of the Primitive Church, and the depth to which it stuck : its roots into thc decaying society of the Roman Empire, are unquestionably due, to a great extent, to the body of Jewish proselytes already established in every important city; and to the existence of the Old Testament as a ready-made text-book of devotion and instruction. - Side by side with this freedom from idolatry there had grown up in the Jewish mind a chaster morality than was to be found elsewhere in the world. There were many points, un- doubtedly, in which the early morality of the Greeks and Romans would well bear a comparison with that of the Hebrews. In simplicity of life, in gentleness of character, in warmth of sympathy, in kindness to the poor, in justice to all men, the Hebrews could not have rivalled the best days of Greece. In, reverence for law, in reality of obedience, in calmness under trouble, in dignity of self-respect, they .could, not have rivalled the best days .of Rome. But the sins of the flesh corrupted both these races, and the flower of their finest virtues had withered before the time ' of our Lord. In chastity the Hebrews stood alone ; and this virtue, which had grown up with them from, their earliest days, was still in the vigour of fresh life when they were commissioned to give the Gospel to tho - nations. The Hebrew morality bas passed into the Ohristian Church, and sins of impurity (which war against the soul) have ever since been looked on as the type of all evil ; and our Litany selects them na. the example of deadly sin. What sort of morality the Gentiles would have handed down to us, had they been left to themselves, is clear from the Epistles. The excesses of tho Gentile party at Corinth (I Cor. v. 2(, the first warning given to the Thessalonians (I Thcs. iv. S), the first warning given to the Galatians (Gal v. 10), the description of the Gentile world in the Epistle to the Romans, are sufficient indications of the prevailing Gentile sin. But St. James, writing to . the Hebrew Christians, says not a word upon tho subject, and St. Peter barely alludes to it. The idea of monotheism and the principle of purity might seem hardly enough to be the chief results of so systematic a discipline as that of the Hebrews. But, in reality, they are the cardinal points in education. The idea of monotheism outtops all other ideas in dignity and worth. - The spirituality of God involves in it the supremacy of conscience, the immor- tality of the soul, the final judgment of the human race. For we know the other world, and can only know it, by analogy, drawn from our own experience. With what, then, shall we compare God? With the spiritual or the fleshly part of our nature? On the answer depends the whole bent of our religion and of our morality. For that in ourselves which we choose as the near- est analogy of God, will, of course, be looked on as the ruling and lasting part of our being. If he he one and spiritual, then the spiritual power within us, which proclaims its own unity and independence of matter by the universality of its decrees, must be the rightful monarch of our lives; but if there be Gods many and Lords many, with bodily appetites and animal passions, then, the voice of conscience is but one of those wide-spread delusions which, some for a longer, some for a shorter period, have, before now, misled our race. Again, the. same importance which, we assign to monotheism as a creed, we must assign to chastity as a virtue. Among all the vices which it is necessary to subdue in order to build up the human character, there Is none to bo compared in' strength, or in viru- lence, with that of impurity. It can outlive and kill a thousand virtues; it can corrupt the most generous heart; it can madden the soberest intellect ; it can debase the loftiest imagination. But, besides being so poisonous in character, it is above all others most difficult to conquer. And the people whose extraordinary toughness of nature has enabled it to outlive Egyptian Pharaohs, and. Assyrian kings, and Ro- man Cæsars, and Mussulman caliphs, was well matched against a power of evil which has battled, with the human spirit ever since the creation, and has inflicted, and may yet inflict, more deadly blows than any other power we know of. Such was the training of the Hebrews. Other nations meanwhile had a training paral- lel to and contemporaneous with theirs. The natural religions, shadows projected by the spiritual light within shining on the dark problems without, were all, in reality, systems of Law, given also by God, though not given by Revelation, but by the working of nature, and consequently so distorted and adulterated that in lapse of time the divine element in them had almost perished. The poetical gods of Greece, the legendary gods of Rome, the animal worship of Egypt, the sun worship of the East, all accompanied by systems of law and civil government, springing from the same sources as themselves, namely, the character and temper of the several nations, were the means of educating these people to similar purposes in the economy of Providence to that for which the Hebrews were destined. . When the seed of the Gospel was first sown, the field which had been prepared to receive it may be divided into four chief divisions, Rome, Greece, Asia, and Judea. Each of- these contributed something to the growth of tho future Church. And the growth of the Church is, in this case, the development of the human race. It cannot, indeed, yet be said tbat: all humanity has united into oho stream ; but the Christian nations have so un- questionably taken the lead amongst their fel- lows, that although it is likely enough the un- converted peoples may have a real part to play, that part must be plainly quite subordinate ; subordinate in a sense in which neither Rome, nor Greece, nor perhaps even Asia, was subor- dinate to Judea. It is not difficult to trace the chief elements of civilisation which we owe to each of the four. Rome contributed her admirable spirit of order and organisation. To her had been given the genius of government. She had been trained to it by centuries of difficult and tumultuous history. Storms which would have rent asunder tho framework of any other polity only practised her in the art of controlling popular passions ; and when she began to aim consciously at the Empire of the World, she had already learned her lesson. She had learned it as the Hebrews had learned theirs, by an enforced obedience to her own system. In no nation of antiquity had civil officers the samo un- questioned authority during their term of office, or laws and judicial rules the same reverence. That which religion was to tho Jew, including even tho formalism which encrusted and fettered it, law was to the Roman. And law was the lesson which Romo was intended to teach the world. Hence the Bishop of Rome soon became the Head of the Church. Rome was, in fact, the centre of the traditions which had once governed the world ; and their spirit still remained ; and the Roman Church developed into tho papacy simply be- cause a head was wanted, and no better ono could be found. Hence, again, in all the doctrinal disputes of the fourth and fifth centuries tho decisivo voice came from Rome. Every controversy was finally settled by her opinion, because she alone possessed' the art of framing formulas which could hold together in uny reasonable measure tho endless variety of sentiments and feelings which tho Church by that time comprised. It was this power of administering law which enabled the Western Church, in the timo of Charlemagne, to undertake, by means of her bishops, the task of training and civilising the new population of Europe. To Rome we owe tho forms of local government which in England have saved liberty and elsewhere have mitigated despotism. Justinian's laws have penetrated into all modern legislation, and almost all improvements bring us only nearer to his code. Much of the spirit of modern politics came from Greece ; much from the woods of Germany. But the skeleton and framework is almost entirely Roman.' And it is not this framework only that comes from Rome. Tho moral sentiments and the moral force which lie at the back of all political life and are absolutely indispensable to its vigour are, in great measure, Roman too. It is true that the lifo and power of all morality whatever will always be drawn from the New Testament ; yet it is in the history of Rome rather than in the Bible that we find our models and precopts of political duty, and especially of the duty of patriotism. St. Paul bids us follow whatsoever things are lovely, whatsoever things are of good report. But except through such general appeals to natural feeling it would be difficult to prove from the New Testament that coward- ice was not only disgraceful but sinful, and that love of our country was "an exalted duty of humanity.' That lesson our consciences have learnt from the teaching of Ancient Rome. To Greece was entrusted the cultivation of the reason and the taste. Her gift to man- kind has been science and art. There was little in her temper of the spirit of reverence. Her morality and her religion did not spring from the- conscience. Her gods were the creatures of imagination, not of spiritual need. Her highest idea was, not holiness, as with the Hebrews, nor law, as with the Romans, hut beauty. Even Aristotle, who assuredly gave way to mere sentiment' as little as any Greek that ever lived, placed the Beautiful (ro galÓV) at the head of his moral system, not the Right, nor the Holy. Greece, in fact, was not look- ing at another world, nor oven striving to organise the present, but rather aiming at the development of free nature. The highest possible cultivation of the individual, the most finished , perfection of tho natural faculties, was her dream.'. It is true that her philosophers are ever talking of subordinating the individual to the state. But in reality there never has been a period in his- tory nor a country in the world,- in which the peculiarities of individual temper and character bad freer play. This is not the best atmosphere for political action; but it is better than any other for giving vigour and life to the impulses of genius, andTor cultivating those faculties,. the reason and taste, in which the highest genius can be shown. Such cultivation needs discipline less than any. And of all the -nations Greece had tho least of systematic discipline, least of in- stinctive deference to any one leading idea. But for tho same reason the cultivation required less time than any other ; and the national life of Greece is the shortest of all. Greek history hardly begins before Solon, and it hardly continues after Alexander,, barely cover- ing 200 years. But its fruits are eternal To tho Greeks we owe the logic which has ruled the minds of all thinkers since. All our natural and physical science really begins, with the. Greeks,' and indeed would have been, impossible had bot Greece taught men how to reason. To tho Greeks we owe the corrective, which conscience - eds to borrow from nature. Conscience, startled at tbe awful truths which she has to reveal, too often threatens to withdraw the soul into gloomy and perverse asceticism : then is needed the beauty which Greece taught us to admire, to show. us. another aspect of the Divine Attributes. To the Greeks we owe all modern literature. -For though there is other literature even older-than the Greek, the Asiatic for instance, and the Hebrew, yet we did not learn this lesson from them: they had not the genial life which was needed to kindle other nations with the communication of their own fire. The discipline of Asia was the never-ending succession of .conquering dynasties, fol lowing in each other's track like waves, an ever moving yet never advancing ocean. Cycles of change were successively passing over her, and yet at the end of every cycle she stood where she had stood before, and nearly where she stands now. The growth of Europe has dwarfed her in comparison, and she is paralysed in presence of a gigantic strength younger but mightier than her own. But tn herself she is no weaker than she ever was. The monarchs who once led Assyrian, or Babylonian, or Persian armies across half the world, impose on us. by the vast extent and rapidity of their conquests ; but these conquests had in reality no substance, no inherent strength. This perpetual baffling of all earthly progress taught Asia to seek her inspiration in rest. She learned to fix her thoughts upon another world, and was discip- lined to check, by her silent protest, the over earthly, over- practical tendency of the Western nations. She was ever the one to re- fuse to measure Heaven by the standard of earth. Her teeming imagination filled the Church with thoughts "undreamt of in our phi- losophy." She had been the instrument se- lected to teach the Hebrews the doctrine of the Immortality of the Soul ; for whatever may be said of the early notions on this subject, it is unquestionable that in Babylon the Jews first attained the clearness and certainty in regard to it which we find in the teaching of the Phari- sees. So again, Athanasius, a thorough Asiatic in sentiment and in mode of arguing, was the bulwark of the doctrine of the Trinity. The Western nations are always tempted to make reason not only supreme, but despotic, and dislike to acknowledge mysteries even in religion. They are inclined to confine all doc- trines within the limits of spiritual utility, and to refuse to listen to dim voices and' whispers from within, those instincts of doubt, and re- verence, and awe, which yet are, in their place and degree, messages from the depths of our. being. Asia supplies the corrective by perpet- ually loaning to the mysterious. When left to herself, she settles down to baseless dreams, and sometimes to monstrous and re- volting fictions. But her influence has never ceased to be felt, and could not bo lost without serious damage. Thus the Hebrews may be said to have disciplined the human conscience, Rome the human will, Greece the reason and taste, Asia the spiritual imagination. Other races that have been since admitted into Christendom also did their parts. And others may yet have something to contribute : for though the time for discipline is childhood, yet there is no precise line beyond which all discipline ceases. . Even the grey-haired man has yet some small capacity for learning like a child ; and even in the maturity of the world the early modes of teaching may yet find a place. But the childhood of tbe world was over whon our Lord appeared on earth. The tutors and governors had done their work. It was time that the second teacher of the human race should begin his. labour. The second teacher is Example. The child is not insensible to the influence of example. Even in the earliest years the man- ners, tho language, the principles of the elder begin to mould the character of the younger. There are not a few of our acquirements which we learn by example without any, or with very little, direct instruction--as, for instance, to speak and to walk. But still example, at that age is secondary. The child is quite conscious that he is not on such an equality with grown« up friends as to enable him to do as they do. He imitates, but he knows that it is merely play, and he is quite willing to be told that he must not do this or that till he is older. As time goes on, and the faculties expand, the power of discipline to guide the actions and to mould the character decreases, and in the same proportion the power of example grows. The moral atmosphere must be brutish indeed which can do deep harm to a child of four years. Bat what is harmless at four is pernicious at six, and almost fatal at twelve. The religious tone of a household will hardly make much impres- sion on an infant; but it will deeply engrave its lessons on the heart of a boy grow- ing towards manhood. Different faculties within us begin to feel the power of this netr guide at different times. The moral sentiments are perhaps the first to expand to the influence; but gradually the example of those among whom the life is cast lays hold of all the soul, of the tastes, of the opinions, of the aims, of the temper. As each restraint of discipline is successively cast off, the soul does not gain at first a real, but only an apparent freedom. The youth, when too old for discipline, is not yet strong enough to guide his life by fixed principles. ' He is led by his emotions and impulses. - He admires and loves, he con- demns and dislikes, with enthusiasm. /And his love and admiration, his disapproval and dislike, aro not bis own, but borrowed from his society. He can appreciate a character, though he cannot yet appreciate a principle. _ Ho cannot walk by reason and conscience alone; ho still needs those «*supplies to the imperfection of our nature" which are given by the higher passions. He cannot follow what his heart does not love as well AS his reason approve ; and he cannot love what is presented to him as an abstract rule ot life, but requires a living person. He needs to see virtue in the concrete, before he can recognise her aspect as a divine idea. He instinctively copies those whom he admires, and in doing so imbibes whatever gives the colour to their charac- ter. He repeats opinions without really under- standing them, and in that way admits their infection into his judgment. He acquires habits which seem of no consequence, ont which are the channels of a thousand new impulses to his soul. If he reads, bo treats the characters that he meets with in his book as friends or enemies, and so unconsciously allows them to mould his soul. When he seems most independent, most defiant of external guidance, he is in reality only BO much the less master ot himself, only iso much the more guidéd and formed, notjndeed by the will, but by the example and:sympathy of others." . . The power of example probably never, ceases during life, ' Even old age is no..wholly un*: uenced by society ; and" a change of « panions acts «pon the character long after : character would appear incapable of fort development. The influence, in fact, dies just as it grew ; and as it is impossible toi m its beginning, so is it to mark its end. 1 child is governed hythe will of its parents ; man by principles and habits of his own. 1 neither is insensible to the influence of ai fciateB, though neither finds in that influei the predominant power ol his life. This, then, which is born with onr' bi and dies with our death, attains its maximi at some point in the passage from one to I other. And this point is just the roeeti point of the child and the man, the brief int val which separates restraint from übet Young men at this period are learning peculiar lesson.. They seem to those who ti to them to be imbibing from their associa and their studies principles both of fa and ^conduct. But the rapid fluctuations theirminds show that their opinions have i really the nature of principles. They are rea learning, not principles, but the materials c of which principles are made. They drink the lessons of generous impulse, warm uns fishness, courage, self-devotion, romantic il regard of worldly calculations, without knowi what are the grounds jf their own approbatic or caring to analyse the laws and ascertain t limits of such guides of conduct. Th believe, without exact attention to t evidence of their belief ; and tin opinions have accordingly the richness ai warmth that belong to sentiment, but not t clearness or firmness that con be given reason. These affections, which are nt kindled in their hearts by the contaot of tin fellows, will afterwards be tho reservoir of 1 and light, with which their faith and th« highest conceptions will be animated ai coloured. The opinions now picked u apparently not really, at random, must hereaft give reality to the clearer and more settled co victions of mature manhood. If it were n fdr these, the ideas and laws afterwar supplied by reason would be empty forms thought, without body or substance; the fai would run a risk of being the form of godline without the power thereof. And hence t] lessons of this time have such an at trac liven e in their warmth and life, that they are vo roluotantly exohanged for the truer and pr founder, but at first sight culder wisdom whit is destined to follow them. 1 almost all men this period is a brig! spot to which the memory ever afte wards loves to recur ; and'even those who ca remember nothing but folly-folly, too, whic they have repented and relinquished-yet fin a nameless charm in recalling such folly t that. For, indeed, even folly itself at this ag is sometimes tho* cup out of which men qua the richest blessings of our nature-simplicity generosity, affection. This is the seed time < the soul's harvest, and contains the promiso < tho year. It is the time for love and marking the timo for forming life-long friendship! The after life may be more contentee hut can rarely be so glad and joyous. Tw things we need to crown its blessings-one ii that the friends whom we then learn to lpv< and the opinions which we then learn t cherish, may stund the test of time, and desérv the esteem and approval of calmer thoughts an wider experience ; tho other, that our henri may have depth enough to drink largely c that which God is holding to our Hps, uni never again to lose the fire and spirit of th draught. There is nothing more beautiful tha; a manhood surrounded by the friends, uplioldini the principles, and filled with the energy -of th ,spring-time of life. But even if these highes blessings be denied; if we have been compollei to change opinions, and to give up friends, an« the' cold experience of the world has cs tinguisbed the heat of youth, still the heart wil instinctively recur to that happy time, ti explain to itself what is meant, by love anc What by happiness. Of coursé, this is only ono side of the picture This keon susceptibility to pleasure and joj implies a keen susceptibility to pain. Thor« is, probably, n time of life at which pains are r ..e intensely felt; nc time at whit'. the whole man more "groaneth and travaileth in pain to- gether." Young "nen are prone to extreme melancholy, even to disgust with life. A young preacher will preach upon afflictions much more often than an old one. A young poel will write more sadly. A young philosopher will moralise moro gloomily. And this seems unreal sentiment, and is smiled at in after years. But it is real at the time; and, perhaps, is nearer the truth at all times than the contentedness of those who ridi- cule it. Youth, in fact, feels everything more keenly ; and as far BB the keenness of feeling contributes to its truth, tb« feeling, whether it is pain Or pleasure, is so much the truer. But in after life it is the happiness, not the suffer- ing of youth, that most often returns to the memory, and seems to gild all the past. The period of youth in the history of the world, when the human race was, as it were, put under tho teaching of example, corresponds, of course, to the meeting-point of the Law and the Gospel. The second stage, therefore, in tho education of man was the presence of our Lord upon earth. . Those few years of his divine presence seem, ns it were, to balance all the systems and creeds and worships which preceded, all the Church's life which has iollowed_ since. Saints had gone before, and saints hare been given .since; great men and .good men had lived among the heathen ; títere were never, at nny time, examples wanting- to teach either tho chosen people or any other.' . But the one example of all examples came in thefulness of time," just when the world was fitted to feel the power of His presence. Had His revelation been delayed till now, assuredly it would have been «ard for ns to recognise His Divinity ; for tho faculty of faith has turned inwards,'and cannot now accept any . outer manifestations of the truth of God. Our vision ? of the Son of God is now aided by the eyes of the Apostles, and by that aid we can recog- nise the Express Image of the Father. But in «»is we are like men who are led through un- known woods by Indian guides. We recognise the indications by which the path was known, os soon as those indications aro pointed out; out we feel that it would have been qu:to vain for us to look for them unaided. We, of course, have, in onr turn, counterbalancing advantages. I« wo have lost that freshness . of faith which would be the first to say to a poor carpenter Thou art the Christ, the Son of the Living God -yet we possess, in the greater cnltivation of our religious understanding, that which, per- haps, we ought not to be willing to give in.ex- change. The early Christians could recognise, ..more rapidly .than we, the greatness and beauty of the Example, set before them ; [ brit it -' is not* too : ináctí'.; td* 'say/ 'that' "we know better than they the precise outlinei of tho truth. To every age is given by ;Go2 its own prober gift. - They'bad not the same clearness of understanding as we; the.same recognition that it is God and not the devil whc rules the world ; ? the same power of discrimina tion between different kinds of troth ; they had not the same calmness or fixedness of conduct ; their faith was not so quiet, so little tempted tc I restless vehemence. But they had a keenness of perception which we have not, and could set tbe immeasurable difference between our Lort and all other men as we could never have seen it, Had our Lord come later, He would have come ! to mankind already beginning to stiffen into th< fixedness of maturity. The power of His life I would not have sunk so deeply into the world't heart ; the truth of Bis Divine Nature would not have been recognised. Seeing the Lord, would not have been the title to Apostleship On the other hand, had our Lord come earlier, the world would hot have been ready to receive Him, and tho Gospel, instead of being thc religion of the human race, would have been the religion of tho He- brews only. The other Bystems would have been too strong to be overthrown by the power of preaching. The need of a higher and purer teaching would not have been felt.' Christ would have 6cemed to the Gentiles the Jewish Messiah, not the Son of Man. But He came in the " fulness of time," for which all history bad been preparing, to which all history sinco has been looking back, Heneo the first and largest place in the New Testament is assigned to His Life font times told. This life we emphatically call tho Gospel. If thero is little herein to be technically called doctrine, yet here is the fountain of all inspiration. There is nc Christian who would not rather part with all the rest of the Bible than with these foui Books. There is no part of God's Word which the religious man more instinctively remembers. The Sermon on the Mount, the Parables and tho Miracles, the Last Supper, thc Mount of Olives, the Garden of'Getbsemane, the Cross on Calvary-these are the com- panions alike of infuncy and of old age, simple enough to be read with awe and wonder by the one, profound enough to open new dop tbs ol wisdom to the fullest experionce of the other. Our Lord was tho Example of mankind, and thero can bo no other example in the same sense Due tho whole period from the closing of the Old Testament to the close of the New was the period of the world's youth-the age of examples; and our Lord's presence was not the only in- fluence of that kind which has acted upon the human riico. Titree companions were appointed by Providence to give their society to this creature whom God was educating ; Greece, Rome, and the Early Church. To thesa three mankind has ever since looked back, and will ever hereafter look back with the same affec- tion, the same lingering regret, with which age looks back to early manhood. In these three, mankind remembers the brilliant social com- panion whose wit and fancy sharpened the intellect and refined the imagination; the bold and clever leader with whom to dare was to do, and whoso vory name was a signal of success ; and the earnest, heavenly-minded friend, whose saintly -aspect was a revelation in itself. Greece and Rome have not only given to us tho fruits of their discipline, but the companion- ship of their bloom. The fruits of their discipline would have passed into our possession, even if their memory had utterly perished ; and just as we know not the man who first discovered arithmetic, nor the man who first invented writing--benefactors with whom no other captains of science can ever be compared-so, too, it is probable that wo inherit (rom many a race, whose name we shall never hear again,- fruits of long training now forgotten. But Greece and Rome have given us more than any results bf disci- pline in the never-dying memory bf their frosh and youthful lifo. " It is this, and not only the greatness or the genius of the classical writers, which makes their litera- ture pre-eminent above all others. There have been great poets, great historians, great philo- sophers in modern days. Greece can show few poets equal, none superior to Shakespeare. Gibbon, in many respects, stands above all uncient historians. Bacon was as great a master of philosophy as Aristotle. Nor, again, are there wanting great writers ot times older, CB well of times later, than the Greek, as, for instance, the Hebrew pro- phets. But the classics possess a charm quite independent of genius. It is not thoir genius only which makes them 1 attractive. It is the classic life, tho life of the people of that day. It is the image, there only to be seen, of our highest natural powers in their freshest vigour. It is the unattainable grace of the prime of manhood. It is the pervading senso of youthful beauty. Hence, while we have elsewhere great poems and great histories, we never find again that universal radiance | of -" fresh life which ' makes even tho most commonplaco relics of classic days models for our highest art. The common workman of those times breathed the atmos- phere of tho gods. What are now the orna- ments of bur museums were then the every-day furniture of sitting and sleeping rooms. In the great monuments of their literature we can taste this pure inspiration most largely ; but even the most commonplace fragments of a clas- sic writer are steeped in the waters of the same fountain. Those who compare tho moderns with the ancients^ genius for genius, have no difficulty in claiming for the former equality, if not victory. But the issue is mistaken. To combine the highest powers of intellect with the. freshness of youth was possible only once, and that is the glory of the classic, nations. The inspiration which is drawn by the man from the memory of those whom be loved and admired in the spring-timo of bis life, is drawn by the world now from the study of Greece and Rome. The world goes back to its - youth in hopes to become young again, and delights to dwell on the featB achieved by the companions of those days. Beneath whatever was wrong and foolish it recognises that beauty of a fresh nature which never ceases to delight. And the sins and vices of that joyous time are passed over with the levity with which men think of their young companions' follies. The Early Church stands as the ex- ample which has most influenced our religious life, as Greece and Rome have moBt influenced our political' and intel- lectual life. We read the New Testament, not to find there forms of devotion, for there ore few to be found; nor laws of church govern- ment, for there are hardly any ; nor creeds, for there are none ; nor doctrines logically stated, for there is no attempt at logical precision The New Testament is almost entirely occu pied with two lives--the life of our Lord, sod the life of. the. Early Church. ; Among tl Epistles there are bat two which seeaj^even i first: sight, to ~ be treatises-' for tl: future instead of letters for the time-:b Epistle to' the Bomana and the Epistle I -the Hebrews. But even these, when- close! examined, appear, like the rest, to be no moi than the-fruit of the current history. Thi early Church does not givo U3 precepts, but a example. . She says, Be ye followers < me, as. I also am of Christ. This ha never been said by Moses, nor by any of lb prophets. But the ' world was no grown old enough to' ba taught by seein the lives of saints, better than by hearing th words of prophets. When afterwards Chris tians needed creeds, and liturgies, and forms < church government, and systems of theology they could not find them in the New Testi ment. They found there only the materials or of which such needs could be supplied. But th combination and selection of those material théy had to provide for themselves. In fact, th work which the early Church had to do wa peculiar. Her circumstances were still - mot peculiar. Had she legislated peremptorily fe posterity, ber legislation must have beon st aside, as, indeed, the prohibition to eat thin;; I strangled and ta eat blood bas been already st aside. But her example will live and teach fe ever. In her we learn what is meant by zea what, by love of God, what by joy in the Hoi Ghost, what by endurance for the sake of Chris For the very purpose of " giving us pattern, tho chief features in her charactc are, as it were, magniñod into colossi proportions. Our saints mast chiefly b the saints of domestic life, the brightness < whose light is visible to very few. But" tbei saintliness was forced into publicity, and it radiance illumines the earth. So on ever page of the New Testament is written, Go an do thou likewise. Transplant . into yoti modern life the sumo heavenly-mindedness, tb same fervour of love, the same ui shaken faith, the same devotion t your fellow-men. And to these pages scsorc ingly the Church of our day turns ft renewal of inspiration. We even busy ou selves in tracing the details of the earl Christian life, and we love to find that an practice of ours comes down from apostoli times. This is an exaggeration. It is nc really following tho early Church, to be servil copyists of her practices. We are not con mended to bave ' all things in com m or. because the church 'of Jerusalem once had nor are we to muke every supper a sacramen brause the early Christians did so. T copy the early Church is' to do as she did, nc what she did. Yet the very exaggeration is testimony of tho power which that Church ha over us. We would fain imitate even her out ward actions as a step towards imitating he inner life. Mer outward actions were not mean for our model. She, too, had her faults: disei dors, violent quarrels, licentious recklessness o opinion in regard both to faith and practice. Bu these spots altogether disappear in the blaze o light which streams upon us when we lobl back towards her. Nay, wo are impatient o being reminded that she bad faults at all. Si much does her youthful holiness surpass al that we can show, that ho who can see hei faults seems necessarily insensible to the brightness of her glory. There have beer great saints since the days of the Apostles Holiness is as possible now as it was then But tho saintliness of ' that time had < peculiar beauty which we canno copy; a beauty not' confined to th< apostles or great leaders, but pervading the wholo Church. It is not what the] endured, nor the'vii tues which they practised which so dazzle us. It is the perfect simplicity of the religious life, the singleness of heart the openness, the child-like earnestness. Al elso has beon repeated .since, but this never. And this makes the religious'man's heart turi) back with longing to that blessed time when the Lord's ' ' service was the highcsl of all delights, and every act of wor ship came fresh from tho soul. 'Il we compare degrees of devotion, it may be reckoned something intrinsically * nobler to serve God and love Him now when religio« is colder than it was, and when we have not th« aid of those thrilling, heart-stirring sympathies which blessed tho early Church. But even it I our devotion be sometimes nobler in itself, jot ' theirs still remains the more beautiful, the more attractive. ' Ours may have its own place in the. sight of God, but theirs remain the I irresistible . example which kindles all other hearts by its fire. ' It is nothing against tho drift'of this argu- ment, that the three friends' whoBe companion- ship'is most deeply engraven on the memory of the world were no friends ono. to another. This was the lot of mankind, as it is the lot of not a few men. . Greece, the child of nature, had como to full maturity so early as to . pass away before the other two appeared; and Borne and the Early Church1 disliked each other. Yet that dislike' 'makes little impres- sion on us now.' We (':never 'identify, the Rome of our admiration with' the Rome which persecuted the Christian partly, indeed, because the Rome that we admire was almost gone before the church was founded ; but partly, too,' because we forget each bf these while wo are studying tho other. We almost m'ake ' two persons of Trajan, ' accordingly as we meet with him in sacred or profane history. So natural is it to fotget in after life the faulty side of young friends'characters. The Busceptibilty of youth ' to the impression of society wears off at last. The age of reflection begins. From the storehouse of his youthful expérience: the man begins to draw the principles of his life.' The spirit or conscience comes to full strength and assumes the throne intended for him in the soul. As an accredited judge, invested with full powers, he sits in the tribunal of our inner kingdom, decides upon the past, and legislates upon tho future without appeal except to him- self. He decides not by what is beautiful, or no- ble, or soul-inspiring, but ' by what' is right. Gradually he frames his code of laws, revising, adding, abrogating, as a wider and deeper ex- perience gives him clearer light. He is the third great teacher and the last. Now, the education by no means ceases when. the spirit thus begins to lead the soul; the office of the spirit is in fact to guide us into truth, not to give truth. The youth who hos settled down to his life's work makes a great mistake if be fancies that be- cause he is no more under teachers and gover- nors his education is therefore at an end. It is only changed in form. He has much, very much, to learn, more perhaps.than all which ho has yet learned; and his new teacher will not give it to him all at once. The lesson of life is in this respect like the lessons whereby we learn any ordinary business. The barrister who bas filled his memory with legal forms and Imbued bis mind ' with ' their spirit knows , , that the most valuable part of his education is yet to bo obtained in attending the courts of law. The physician is not content with the theories of the lecture-room, nor with the experiments of the laboratory, nor even with tho attendance at the hospitals; he knows that independent practice, when he will be thrown upon his own resources, will open his eyes to much which at present he sees through a glasB darkly. In every profes- sion, after the principles are apparently mastered, there yet remains mach to be learnt .from the application of those principles to practice, the only means by which we ever understand principles to the bottom. So, too, with the lesson which includes all others, the lesson of life In this last stage of his progress a man learns in various ways. First he learns unconsciously by the growth of his inner powers and the : sect et but steady accumulation of experience, j The fire of youth is toned down and j sobered. The realities of lifo dissipate many dreams, clear up many préjudices, soften down many roughnesses. The difference be- tween intention and action, between anticipa- ting temptation and bearing it, between draw- ing pictures of holiness or nobleness and real- ising them, between hopes of success and reality of achievement, is taught by many a painful : and many an unexpected experience. In short, as the youth puls away childish things, so does the man put away youthful things. Secondly, the full grown man learns by reflection. He looks inwards and not outwards only. He re-arranges the ' results of past experience, re- examines by the ! test of " reality the principles supplied to him i by books or conversation, reduces to intelli I gible and practical formulas what ho has 1 hitherto known as vague general rules. He not only generalises-youth will generalise with great rapidity and often with groat acute- ness- but he learn8 to correct one generalisa- tion by another. Ho gradually learns to disentangle his: own thoughts, so as not to be led into foolish inconsistency by want I of clearness of purpose. - He learns to distin { guish between momentary impulses and perma- nent determinations of character. He learns to know the limits of his own powers, moral and intellectual ; and hy slow degroes, and with much reluctance, ho learns to suspend hiB judgment and to. be content with ignorance where knowledge is beyond bis renell. He learns to know himself and other men, and to distinguish in somo measure his own peculiarities from the lending features of humanity which he shares with all men. He learns to know both the worth and the worthlessness of tho world's judgment and of his own. Thirdly, be learns much by mis- takes, both by his own and by those of others: He often persists in a wrong cause till it is too late to mond what ho has done, and he learns how to use it and how to bear it. His princi- ples, or what he thought his priuciplcs, break down under, him, and he is forced to analyse them ' in ' order to di sao ver what' amount of truth they really contain. Ho; coin e3 upon'new and quite'unexpected issues of what he has dono or said, and he has to profit by such warnings as he receives. His errors often force him, as it wero, to go back to school ; not now willi the happy docility of a child, hut with the chastened submission of a penitent. Or, more often still, his mistakes inflict a sharp chastisement which teaches him a new leBaon without much effort on, his own part to learn. Lastly, he learns much by contradiction. Ths collision of society compels him to'state his opinions clearly ; to defend them; to modify them when indefensible; perhaps to surrender them altogether, con- sciously or unconsciously ; still more often to absorb them into larger and faller thoughts, less forcible but, more comprehensive. The precision which is thus . often force! upon him always seems to diminish something of the heartiness and power which belonged to more youthful instincts. But he gains in directness of aim, and. therefore in firmness of resolution. But the greatest'of his gains is what seems to be a loss: for he lea; - not to attempt the eolation of insoluble p;- ' -ms, and to have no opinion at all on many p > t of the deepest interest. Usually this takes t^e form of an abandonment of speculation; b-> it may rise to the level of a philosophical humility which stops where it can advance no further, and confesses its own weakness in tho presence of tho mysteries of life. But throughout all this it must not be sup posed'that" he has no'more to do either with that law-which guided his childhood or with any other law of any kind.. Sinco ho is still a I learner, he must learn on the one condition of all learning-obedience to rules ; not, indeed, blind obedience to rules not understood, but obedience to tho rules of hts own mind-an obédience which he cannot throw off without descending below the childish level. He is free. -But freedom is not the opposite 'of I obedience, but of restraint. The free man must obey, and obey as precisely as the bond- man : and if he has not acquired tho habit of obedience he is not fit to be free. The law in fact which God makes the standard of our con- duct may have one of two forms. It may be an external law, a law which is in the hands of others, in ibo making, ia the applying, in the enforcing of which wo have no share ; a law which : governs from the outside, com- pelling our will to bow. even though our understanding be unconvinced and unenlightened ; saying you must, and making no effort to make you feel that you ought; appealing not to your conscience, but to force or fear, and earing little whether you willingly agree or reluctantly submit. Or, again, tho law may be an internal law ; a voice which speaks within thc conscience, and carries tho understanding along with it ; a law which treats us not as slaves, but as friends, allowing us to know what our Lord doeth; a law which bids us yield not to blind fear or awe, but to the majesty of truth and justice; a law which is not imposed on us by another power, but by our own enlightened will. Now tho first of these is the law which governs and educates the child ; the second the law which governs and educates tho man. The second is in reality the spirit of the firer. It commands in a different way, but with a tone not one whit less peremptory; and he only who can control all appetites and passions in obedience to it can reap the full harvest of the last and highest education. This nsed ot law in the full maturity of life is so imperative that if the requisite self-con- trol be lost or impaired, er have never been sufficiently acquired, the man instinctively has recourse to a self-imposed discipline "if he desire to. keep himself from falling. The Christian who has fallen into sinful habits often finds that he has no resource but to ab&tain;'^from .much j hat is'.harmless in itself ».ecanso ríe has associated it with . evil,- Her' takes monastic, vows because .tho .world has proved too much for him. Ile takes temperance pledges because he cannot resist the tempta- tions of appetite. There are devils which can be cast oat with a word ; there are others which go not out but by (not prayer only, but) fasting. This is often the case with the late converted. They are compelled ito abstain from, and some- times they are induced to denounce, many plea- sures and many enjoyments which they find un- suited to their spiritual health. The world and its enjoyments have been to them a source of perpetual temptation, and they cannot con- ceive any religious life within such a circle of evil. Sometimes these men are truly spiritual enough and bumble enough to recognise that this discipline ia not essential in itself, but only for them, and for such as tb ey. The discipline is then truly subordinate. It is an instrument in the hands of their conscience. They know what they aro doing and why they do it. . But sometimes, if they are weak, this discipline' assumes the shape of a regular external law. They look upon many harmless things, from which they have suffered mischief as absolutely, not relatively, hurtful. _ They denounce what they cannot share without danger, as dangerous, not only for them, but for all mankind, and as evil in itself. ' Thoy set up a conventional code of duty founded on their own experience which they extend to all men. Even if they aro educated enough to see that no conven- tional code is intellectually tonable, yet they fitill maintain their system, and defend it, as not necessary in itself, but necessary for sinful mon. ' Tho fact is, that a morcifal Providence, in order to help such mon, puts them back under tho dominion of the law. They aro not awure of it themselves-men who aro under the dominion of the law rarely ore aware of it. But even if they could appeal to a revelation from beaven, they would still be under the law ; for a revelation speaking from without, and not from within, is an external law and not a spirit. ( To be continued.) 