The Courier THURSDAY, JULY 25, 1861. THE debate on the Report of the Native Police Committee bids fair to be a lengthy one, and the result will probably be as un satisfactory as every one who doubted the impartiality of the Committee expected. A ****er production was never brought to light, and it is in, every way worthy of the constructive capacity of the Colonial Treasurer, who was the chairman of the committee. Had the hon. gentleman been a retained barrister of doubtful attainments, he could not have done the work better than he did, and he would have deserved a douceur at the hands of his employers for his skill in propounding "leading questions." The strictures we passed upon the com position of the committee at the time of its appointment have been fully borne out, and although each member of the house who was connected with it would doubtless vehe- mentally insert his innocence of partiality, and protest that he was perfectly unbiassed in his judgment, we are only bound to take the asseverations of each hon. member for what they may be worth. A more piquant farce was never enacted. It is excruciat- ingly funny to witness the apparent solicitude of the chairman for the souls of the aborigines, and to see how cleverly each member of the committee ex- tracted as much as he wanted from the doubtful witnesses, and no more. And the investigation partook of the inquisitorial, too. The chairman, who, as member for the Burnett, is constantly haunted by the "Ghost of Ban Ban," and other "pestilent fellows" who occasionally contribute to the Northern press, seemed especially desirous of finding out who some of these cor- respondents were, and cross-questioned Mr. SHERIDAN pretty closely as to whether he did not know something of the "Sword of Damocles," and whether he was not the writer who had chosen that significant nom de plume. We almost doubted at the time the allegations contained in a letter signed "Spes," published in our columns a short time ago ; but what is to be said of the charges of that correspondent now ? They were evidently true, and a member of the ministry was the Grand Inquisitor of the tribunal. A gentleman who was examined as a witness before the committee, and who, from his position, was perfectly unbiassed, has written a private communication to us expressing his views upon the course of examination pursued. That gentleman de clares his entire concurrence in all that we have said condemnatory of the com- mittee, because our remarks were so fully borne out by the expe- rience—brief though it was—of their partiality, which he unexpectedly obtained. We will just make a few extracts from his letter, merely prefacing them with the assurance that his word is worth quite as much as that of any member who formed part of the inquest. "It was soon evident to me," says he, "that the members had been made acquainted with the principal part of what I would have to say, and had anticipated the remainder, as they seemed prepared with questions to meet every state- ment. The nature of those questions, and the manner in which they were put to me, impressed me with the idea that the mem- bers were less anxious to hear my evidence, as I would give it, than to twist it into a par- ticular shape." * * * "All scorned anxious, by their peculiar questions, some scarcely relevant,—others almost asking me to doubt the evidence of my own senses,— and by their neglect to ask other questions naturally arising,—that my evidence should appear as trifling as possible." * * * "It did seem to me singular that so large a number of gentlemen should be formed into a committee for investigating grave charges, and all of them, in sympathy and interest, leaning towards a particular side, without a single counteracting element." * * * "My chief object in writing is to strengthen your convictions that the committee is rather for exoneration than investigation." Had such statements as these been quoted in the Assembly, the hon. member would inevitably have been assailed with immediate cries of "Name," and he would perhaps have com plied. It will be quite sufficient for us, however, to state that the thoroughly disin terested character, coupled with the respec tability, of the writer, is a sufficient guaran- tee of his truthfulness ; and moreover, that a perusal of his evidence, as printed, fully endorses all that he says in his communi- cation. With evidence so procured, it was an easy task to compile such a report, and al though we must confess that we have great misgivings as to whether the report will be rejected or not—seeing the material of which the Assembly is composed—we do not hesi- tate to affirm that the whole proceeding will he regarded by the public as a perfect farce. One solitary reply of Lieutenant WHEELER'S explains the whole matter, and affords a clue to the intentions of those who wish to main tain the Native Police Force in existence. In answer to a question as to whether a gentleman named was with him on a par- ticular occasion, that officer replied "No ; I never take any white people with me." Who can hear of such a state- ment as this without following it to its issue ? If Lieutenant WHEELER never acts otherwise than he is entitled to act by virtue of his office, why object to the presence of whites? Simply because of this. Lieut. WHEELER knows well enough that the work of the force is a work of extermination ; and that, to carry out this object efficiently, it is necessary to avoid operations in the presence of those whose evidence would be admissable in cases of awkward exposure, when a hempen necklace might be the reward of the arch-perpetrator. And this is the force that the committee seek to perpetuate, while professing a hypocritical anxiety for the evangelization of the poor wretches whose gradual extirpation they are actually conniving at. 