SANITARY SCIENCE. (FROM ALL THE YEAR ROUND", oat, 29.) Many of the Levitical laws are sanitary Uw In the 14th chapter of Leviticus, and beginning at the 33rd verse, we have the signs of leprosy and plague in houses described, and means of removing or destroying such leprosy and plague Seaforth The description is not more curious than. it is true of houses in the present day There are at this time in London, and in Great Britain generally, as also over tho whole of the knoX' world, sites and houses with subsoils so tainted and the walls of the houses so leprous n]__upî stricken, and foul that entire removal of such, houses, and of the material, is the only safe AT medy. Some of our hospital as goods would have defined streets, and even houses, of i ora which patients suffering under certain forms of my heart diseases were regularly brought, army had been brought, for years. With a destruction of such houses there has been a cessation of that form of virulence in the particular class of disease. "And he shall break down the house, the stones of it, and the timber thereof 'and all the mortar of the house; and he shall carry them forth out of the city, into an unclean place." Examine the cities in the East, and we shall find pre-eminent ignorance of sanitary law and consequent filth, squalor, and human misery disease, and premature death. The entire BUU soil is a vast mass of putrid and putrefying human and animal refuse and orders, Recently in Calcutta, the workmen employed to excavate the trenches for laying gas- pipes died from the effects of the noxious gases liberated by breaking through the upper oxidized crust of fouldonosit the accumulation of years. Sunshine, min and wind are most powerful disinfectants. It it were not so, the sites of cities and houses would long since have become more deadly than the emana- tions from the Grasstree of fable. Owners of estates and builders of houses are alike ignorant of sanitary laws, even now in this our day, or alike careless as to consequences Architects design and execute cloud-capped Rivers. solemn temples, and gorgeous palaces but only that these buildings, with richly-carved outsides, may become vast poison-goncrotore health destroyers, and life-shortenors. In this huge metropolis no real remedy is applied to the unitary evils existing, nor does a remedy form any portion of the gigantic plans of the Metropolitan Board of Works. Outlet sewers will not purify the miles of sewers now ruinous and choked with foul deposit. Disinfecting may be a slight palliative, but it is not an effectual it medy. The Queen, Lords, and Commons fare no better in their new and gorgeous palace at Westminster than the poorest subject in the. realm. The architect has elaborated the outside > of the building with carvings in endless repeti- tions, whilst within there is rottenness generating the seeds of disease and premature death. This " gorgeous building" has been placed on a I site below the level of river floods and daily 1 tides. All the sewers and drains are within the " richly-carved walls ;" all the traps and sinks I connect every apartment with such drains and sewers and the foul contents are retained by river flood and tidal waters, to ferment and 1 give- off the injurious gases of decomposition, The Government of the day had the wisdom to consider the question of ventilation, and some hundred thousands of pounds sterling have been laid out, and many thousands are annually expended, to work the ventilating apparatus provided. The architect did not, however, believe in the ventilating doctor is and, consequently, little besides cost, blundering, qual rolling, and law expenses, have come of the money expended on A ventilation. The corridors and the committee rooms are totally unventilated. , , London is said to be " the best sewered large city in the world," and this, no doubt, is true ; but London sewers require many improvements. The flat inverts and ruinous sides retain all the fe til solids, and the subsoil soaks in the tainted fluids, so that the earth beneath and the air above are alike poisoned. The greater portion of the Powers in Westminster, around and within Buckingham Palace, and about Belgravia, have been constructed of bad sectional forms, with defective, spongy, porous bricks and inferior mortar, and are, consequently, inefficient. Ft v cr has prevailed in the neighbourhood. The foul sowers of London taint the atmosphere in the streets, and, through drains, contaminate the air within the houses, Many of the inhabitants of London judge as to changes of weather by the effluvium from their drains. During the so-called disinfecting operations of - last summer, the peculiar taint of certain dis- infecting material, passed down the main sewers, wits perceived within the houses on each side of 1 who streets; proving that sewer gases constantly have access to the interior of such houses. , _ The fashionable novelist describes vast nine lions, surrounded by park and gardens, where servants in gorgeous liveries attend the noble and wealthy of the land. In this England of ours, many such houses bear names renowned in history, and are celebrated in song. The. fashionable novelist would write something as follows :-" Before us stood the embattled walls of this famous castle, out of whose gates lords, knights, and ladies rode forth to par- take of the excitements of the chase, in the wide-spreading meadows and extensive woods around." Or, " The traveller arrived before the entrance to the park. An elaborately polished stone archway, gates of cunning; workmanship, richly edged with gold, lodge and gateway bearing the arms of the mob!, family, stood partially shrouded amidst full grown trees. A neatly-kept carriage-drive Tel on through forest trees centuries old, amidst which entered deer bounded in native freedom. , At each turn of the road some new beauty was opened to view, until at length glimpses were seen of grass and water, and then was fully revealed a breadth of lake and lawn j above which, terrace on terrace, rose the palace like resident of his grace," There are many seats in Enriaa. more picturesque than the words even of the novelist can paint. Nature and art combine to rr nee a perfect whole. Within, we tread polished floors and velvet pile to examine the evidences of luxury and taste. Every square yard of wall and ceiling has been an artistic study. Win- dows of coloured glass light up hall and corridor with rainbow-tinted Blind on. Great artists are _ it presented in cabinet pictures bearing fabulous prices. Wealth, judgement, and refined taste have accomplished all that money could do to make a luxurious and comfortable abode for in effect and worth. Sanitary knowledge has alone been absent. The castle may be [surrounded with remains , of a most, the whole basement subsoil may be damp and rotten, so that leprous blotches of mildew and decay are spread over floors and walls. The mansion, in its beautiful grounds, may stand upon a wet subsoil, over damp and cold. The architect was skilled in all the learn from the Greeks and Romans, in grouping useless columns to bear incongruous pediments, filled with unmeaning sculpture. There may be no room for even an architectural pendant to find result as there is " precedent" for every line, and for every break, and for every form in. The eleva- tion in central mass and wings, from ground to thy line, is presumed to be " perfect." let, who has thought of sanitary arrangement i ! , Not the architect. The family physican, generation after generation, visits and prescribes in crampy-writtcn Latin. The grand house warms with quadruped vermin ; the natives in the adjoining village know when the family is at home or from home by the migrating movement , of the rats. Servants suffer from rheumatism and fever, Indies may have died of consumption, and several heirs to the illustrious house may have been gathered to their fathers in babyhood. There has been fresh decorating, renewed paint- ing and gilding, additional pictures and statuary. But, year by year, four subsoil, foul drains, and foul sewers became still fouled. J Here is no over-statement. There are ten houses in which, or about which, there, are not some causes of discomfort which are easily removable. The sewers may be too large and not sufficiently ventilated, the drains rear, of a boycott the basement and not "remove' we refuse passed into' them, the water may hard, the tanks and cisterns may be in im I proper places, and may 'also!' beans and foul with deposited sediment. Basements, balls, staircases, corridors, and rooms was unventilated, a considerable number cribe word may be permanently without sunshine/'an-Joo» even without any direct sunlight.. ,A/pn_coly income will not secure health to any person voluntarily, or otherwise, passing the greater part of his time in such character of house. Aust tainted subsoil, a tborougMv-^onul-ted^JMe ment, large and lofty rooms, exposed to direct sunshine, pure water, preserved pure for use, afford a chance of health and comfort. ACTS tilding, rich carpets, costly works of an, a close and dark rooms, may only contribute a splendid misery. _ as'.,. _,i._.i, There are many houses in Great Britain Trition have inherited evil reputations there is "ghost's room," or "ghost's corridor, of a ghost's tower' or a ghost's terrace, is true ghosts walk is, however, in the basement. amongst and through foetid drains and lew sewers, the ghost's reception-chambers, areas at cesspools, and the ghost's nectar says" from tainted wells and neglected, watewjistCBM. _ Here are British ghosts : but there are a so coat mental ghosts, if possible, more terrible, tw a billing places of Italy, the giWed splendours of Paris, are alike ghost haunted. Your only exercise. is the sanitary engineer. GARROTTING WELL- PuNiSir-D.-The«rin1.0.^ garrotting has been a little in vogue in li"" I' met lately, and his Honour the Chief Justice sentenced two prisoners to seven years Men of the roads for that offence. VaUarat 119, Feb, 14, 