SECOND ABTICLE. The debate in the Assembly was closed on Wednesday, after three hours' ad ditional discussion, and the expected finale was reached. It was, upon the whole, the tamest debate we have ever heard' at the opening of a session—the most totally devoid of any pretensions to oratory, the least amusing, the least instructive, and the least suggestive. The fact is that honourable members are getting tired of the farce of a discussion, embracing topics too multitudinous to be satisfactorily handled, and not intended to be pushed to aDy practical issue. Most of them have now become habituated to the real business of Parliamentary life, and : it is not to be expected that they can enter with any heartiness into a performance which has not even the interest of a discussion in an amateur Debating Club. Perhaps the most interesting part of the debate was Mr. Stow's introduction to Parliamentary life. The " new member" made his maiden speech on the motion for the adoption of the Address, aud was listened to with an attention due at least as much to the honourable and learned gentleman's abilities as to the courtesy which, combined with curiosity, always secures a fair hearing to a Parliamentary debutant. Clear and sensible in his matter, gentlemanly and persuasive in his manner, with a dash of humour and a spice of satire that will make him pleasing to his friends and formidable to his opponents, Mr.1 Stow bids fair to be a decided accession to the Legislature of this colony. In so saying we do not forget his immediate predecessor, with whom it is, of course, impossible to avoid com paring him. Mr. Morphett, in his maiden Bpeech, took the House by storm, which Mr. Stow cer tainly did not,- and throughout the session Mr. Morphett gained ground in the respect and confidence of bis fellow-legislators. The ma jority of the members of the Assembly had a better knowledge of Mr. Stow than of Mr. Morphett, and were better prepared to expect a telling speech. Surprise was, consequently, out of the question, and it would not hare been matter of wonder had some feeling of disappointment been experienced instead. It is no slight_praise, then, to say that the House was not disappointed, and that Mr. Stow's debut justifies the expectation that he will well supply Mr. Morphett's place. If less versatile he will be less volatile; if less amusing he will probably be equally instructive. More regular ! in attendance he cannot be, but it-may be hoped that he will be no less industrious. Two matters were brought forward promi nently during Wednesday's debate on topics which certain honourable members would have liked to hare seen referred to in the Governor's Speech. They are, the condition of the abori gines, and the necessity for some legislation to shorten the tiuie within which owners of land can reclaim property which they have totally neglected. Both of these subjects had been previously referred to, in one or both Houses; but they were rather more fully discussed on Wednesday. Mr. Dutton suggested a whole sale deportation of the aboriginal natives to Kangaroo Island—a proposal which was not received with much favour. Mr. Stow reintro duced the other question ; and as his remarks "were applauded by Mr. Hanson, we may pre sume that the evil complained of is one which has often presented itself to professional gentle men. The subject is one which will have to be considered very carefully before anything is done; for legislation which will absolutely deprive a man of real property after ten years' non-use of it, even though he may have been all the while absent from the colony; or that will make an infant suffer for the neglect of trustees or guardians, is not to he lightly adopted. Mr. Dutton made some rather startling statements, besides the sug gestion with reference to the aborigines which we have just repeated. He affirmed that the efficiency of some departments of the Govern ment service was impaired through a want of sufficient officers; for which he was afterwards taken to task by the Commissioner of Public Works. He also professed such entire and absolute confidence in the &eal; Property Com missioners recently appointed as .to induce him to believe'that if they conld not perfect the Beal Property Act it was irredeemably defective, and must be got rid of altogether; for which extravagance the House took him to task at the moment. He also made an attack in very questionable taste on some recent proceedings in, connection with one cf the new Mining! Companies. There was not mncli in the subsequent course of the debate that calls for special notice. The immigration question was perhaps the principal topic discussed: hut it is need less to add that nothing new was said in reference to it, jmless we except Mr. McEllis ter's mysterious announcement of some un mentionable agency at work which is soon to pour large accessions of people upon our shares. .The Commissioner of Crown Lands gave some information as to the intentions of the Government on two subjects. Their Land Bill is to introduce some system decidedly superior to that which the hon. and learned gentlemen admits to have failed in "Victoria ; and yet the measure is not to effect any great chango in the existing South Australian system. For the benefit of the aborigines the Government intend to appoint an itinerating Protector, whose duties will be fully defiued by-and-by. Other Ministerial revelations were made .by the Commissioner of Public Works. The City Waterworks, it has now been ascer tained by careful calculation, will cost £225,090 —a sum which Mr. Hay very naively said was far beyond anything the House should bare been asked to rote (or each a purpose. The honourable gentleman threw a new light .on the revenue and taxation question by mcn :tiooing that numerous stills- were being re quired in various and - remote parts of the colony, to distil fresh water from salt. The fact is suggestive, even to persons who have no idea of the qualities of saltwater spirit. We are not surprised at the emphasis with which various members of the Government have announced that the question e.f taxation must be taken up by the Ministry at no very distant day. Latek Englisu News.—In anothercolumn our readers will Cud one day's later news from 1 England, brought to Melbourne by the la refit | .Britain. Further iniclhgeuce of a very threatening charaeter appears to hare been received from "America alter the aepari ure of the mail on the 26' •, aud there is some Conti nental news of interest. The items, however, concerning the signing of the Austrian. Consti tution and the presentation of General Gujon'a officers to Fraucis II. were contaiued in our papers of the 26th. * *■ Legislative Council.—An error lias ap parent iy arisen in our report of the proceedings m this House, whereby Mr. Ayers is made to give notice of au intention to present a peiiticn against the validity of the return to llie writ for the recent, election, while the official record of the notice is for the appointment of members to form a Court of Disputed Beiurns. Xlie mistake is entirely attributable to the low tune in which die lion, gentleman expressed himself; indeed there is reason to apprehend that more serious dnstakes may be made during the session unless lion, gentlemen elerate their voices so as to be heard with reasonable dis tinctness in th: gallery. TTpon Friday last it was all but impossible to be certain as to what the Chief Secretary or Mr. Ayers aid say. Feectiov foe Buji ha and Czabe.—We learn by telegram that the nomination for the district of Burra and Clare took place oa Thursday morning at Kooringa. Mr. Kingston "as proposed by Mr. Thomas Bath and seconded by Mr. W. II. Bruce. Mr. Keales was proposed by Dr. Charles IXoulton Webb and seconded by Mr. Heury March. The poll will be taken on Monday next, the Gtli inst. Amended Electobae Act.—From our re port of the Parliamentary proceedings, of yesterday, it will be seen that a Special Com mi tce, consisting of the Atlorney-lxem. ra! and Messrs. A. Blyih, Stow, Milne, Santo. Dutton, and Duffield, has been appointed to prepare and introduce into the Bouse of Assembly a revised Electoral Act. We shall take an early opportunity of calling attention to the subject. The Nomination foe Bubea and Claoe. —A rumour prevailed yesterday to the effect that Sir. Kingston's nominal iou was invalid, the name of - his seconder, Mr. W. L. II. Bruse, not appearing on the rolL There is no copy of this document in Adelaide, but we found Mr. Brusc's name correctly entered on the roll of electors for the Legislative Council, bis qualification being " leasehold." We made enquiry by telegram of our Koorioga correspondent-, whose reply, together with two private telegrams upon the subject, will be lound in their proper column. In addt-ion to this we are informed, on the authority of Mr. Kingston's private correspondence, that there is no foundation whatever for the report in question. Issue of Laud Gkants.—The Commis sioner of Crown Lands yesterday stated, in : reply to Mr. Lindsay, that the delay com plained of in the issue of land grrnts could not be lessened " during the sitting of Parliament, without the employment of an additional cleriv He did not say whether the Government would venture upon employing this additional clerk, but we hope they will, if the Parlia mentary work of the department is really so great as to produce the inconvenience of which the public complain. Beplies to His Excellency's Addeess.— Tbereplies to the official Address on the opening of Parliament, adopted by both Houses, were presented to His Excellency, on Thursday, at Government House. The deputations of mem bers were headed respectively by the President of the Legislative Council and the Speaker of the House of Assembly, and were very gra ciously received by His Excellency, wlio was attended by liis Private Secretary, Captain Brinkley. Ministebial Feankness.—The advantage to a Government of being strong enough to set opponents at defiance is strikiugly shown by the reply of the Attorney- General to Mr. Glyde's question respecting the opinion that had been given' by the Law Officers cf the Crown on the necessity of calling Parliament together to take the proper steps lor supplying the vacancies recently caused in the Legislative Council by effluxion of time. The reply was such as no Minister would have given who was not tolerably certain of a strong majority of supporters iu the House; and we must con gratulate the Ministry on their conscious stability. The evasiveness of the reply, and the palpable disinclination of the Attorney General to give any information on the subject, are, however, veiy significant. They confirm the rumours which have been abroad on the subject, to the effect that the Ministiy, acting on the legal advice of the Attorney-General, ; advised His Excellency to call Parliament together for the purpose indicated, and that it was only the determination and superior con stitutional knowledge of His Excellency him self that prevented the adoption of the unne cessary course recommended. Kotxces of Motion.—The Parliamentary session has commenced with a formidable array of notices of motion, some of which, we per ceive, are aimed at the position of the Ministry. Mr. Glyde has given notice that he will ask for correspondence with regard to the dis missal of the late Manager of Waterworks, Mr. J. D. Woods; and Dr. Wark, amongst other things, proposes to more resolutions disap proving of the dismissal of 60me of the public servants and the appointment of others in their place; of the appointment of a Special Com mission with reference to the Beal Property Act, and the conduct of the Government in refusing to convoke the Legislature to remedy a defect found to exist in that Act. It ia too early in the session yet to speculate upon the fate of the Ministry. It is not probable, how ever, that anything at present on the surface will terminate their tenure of office. Decussation of Hundreds But.—The doubts which were raised during the lost ses sion of Parliament as to under what authority the Governor of the colony declared Counties and Hundreds are now proposed to be set at rest by legislative enactment. The Bill for this — which lias the honour of being the first Bill of tlic session—was on Tuesday read a first time in the House of Assembly. The preamble of the measure expresses the desirability of setting at rest such doubts as have been raised with regard to the validity of tbe previous proclamations concerning llie constitution of Counties and Hundreds, and then follow the enacting clauses, which as they are only two in number, we subjoin:— " 1. Every proclamation heretofore issued by the Governor, and published in tlic South Australian Government Gazette* for the constitution of any County or Hundred, shall be deemed and taken to have been legallv and validly issued. "2. ItsballlK! lawful for the Governor, by and with the advice and consent of the Executive Council, by proclamation in the South Australian Government Gazette, from time to time to declare that the lands in sucli proclamation mentioned shall constitute a County or Hundred, as in such proclamation shall be declared, and in any sudi proclamations to define the boundaries of any such County or Hun dred, and such boundaries from time to time to alter and vary, and in sucli proclamation shall be mentioned the day from which such proclamation hall take ell'ect," ^ PjlItr.TATXENTARY PRINTING.—A good sag' gestion was made and acted upon on Thursday with respect to the printing of Parliamentary Papers. The Commissioner of Public Works laid on (lie table of the Assembly tbe papers relating, or supposed to relate^ to the dis missal of the late Manager of Waterworks, and in moving that they be printed intimated that one of the papers was very long and contained nothing of importance or of public interest. It was, after some conversation, suggested that Mr. Glyde should examine the documents, and indicate tbe portions which he wished to have printed, before the motion for printing was made. Mr. Glyde acquiesced in the sugges tion ; and the motion was accordingly with drawn. The coarse adopted in this case would often spare the country much unnecessary rxpensennd prevent the business of Parliament from being impeded by the over-crush of work, in tbe Govemmeut Printing-Office. There is, however, one danger against which watch must be kept in all such cases. An honourable member will naturally select only those por tions of the documents which serve tbe imme diate purpose he has in view in calling for the papers; and it is possible that a one-sided view of. a question may be laid before the House, when evidence on both rides is necessary to enable it to arrive at a just decision. The V atskwokks.—We understand-* that on Monday last (lie water from theTorrens Gorge, which Ifad been stmt off since the end of October; was-atari a ii mil ted into tiw Heser* voir at thowton Park. For tlie last three months the City his been freely supplied with water, but tlie united effect of litis constant draught, and'the u-iiural evaporation of't'c entire summer,-has o dy been to sink the level of the Reservoir-b-tw-en eight and nine feet. The Kngiueer, we b-heve, has expressed his opinion that no practical objection exists to the suggested extension of the supply- pijics to Pdrt Adelaide and so i-e other euburhxn localities. In rt-frre-ice to this point it will be seen that. Mr. N. Blytli has given notice of a question in tho House of Assembly. Selling Dhive: to A*aitves.—It will be seen by our report <M the &or-.uau;*Hle Local Court proeee<!i"gs that a publican at Finuiss Vale has been fined £10 for breaking the law in two cases, by serving intoxicating drink to aborigines. VTe !io,-c hi= will be a caution to all persons who may oc oil her careless or for getful of the law on the subj ct. The Review ox the Queer's Bibthjiay. —"We have ' ecu f.iv.airc.i by Colonel B ytb with the detail ot movements for the Volun teer Review on the 24.-IU of M»y. The pro gress whieh has been made, wo understand, since the last review is sneh as to warrant the expectation that the whole of the evolutions will be gone through wiih precision, and will show that the volunteers will in case of need be able to do their part in the defence of their adopted country. The following is the list:— 1\. Open column, right in front. 2\. Left wheel into line. - 3\. Take open order. 4\. Present arms; shoulder. 5\. Fire a feu dejuic. ti. Take close order. 7\. Break into open column, right in front. K. Match past in quick time. 9\. Close on leading company; march past in close column. 10\. Halt after passing third wheeling point. 11\. Open to wheeliug distance from No. 1 Company. i 12\. Column will advance. 13\. Halt. 14\. lly successiveilivisionsrearwing to thefront. 15\. Halt. Right wheel into line. 10\. Line will advance. 17\. Cease firing. Form line on leading sing. 10\. Line will retire covered by cavalry. 19\. Halt. Front. 20\. Advance in direct cchellon of companies from the right, covered by No. 1. 21\. Change i>osition to the left. Left wheel. Halt. Left company advance and skirmish. No. 1 re-form. 22\. Form line on leading company. 23\. From the right of companies pass byfoure to the rear. 24\. Front turn. 25\. Form line on the leading company. 20\. Line will advance. 27\. Halt. 2S. Fonn quarter-distance column in rear of No. 1. Stand at case. 29\. Battalion will skirmish. Nos. 1 and 2 skirmish; 3and4support. 30\. Column win retire. Commence firing, re tiring. 31\. Column will advance. 32\. Skirmishers will form on supports. 33\. Supports close on reserve. 34\. Form square. 35\. Prepare for cavalry; fire from front face only; guns on Hanks. 36\. Cease firing; deploy into line on No. L Cavalry advance and charge twice across front white forming line, and re-form against right flank. 37\. Open ranks. 3S. Present arms. 39\. Take close order. Stand at case. The Opera.—Oh Saturday evening tlie entertainments consisted of the first act of "L'EIisire D'Amore," the farce of "The Two Polts," and the pantomime entitled "Harlequin Bluebeard.'" Perhaps no opera could be selected that requires less aid from "scenery, machinery, decorations, and dresses," than this most comic of Donnezitti's numerous conceptions; still the words and music must be supplemented to a certain ex tent, or the stage cannot be said to hold a mirror up to nature. It is, indeed, true that Signor and Signora Bianchi are "Hot like thin ghosts or dis embodied creatures;" but, with the soul of song which their substantial presence embodies, they treat the audience to little more than the shadow - of a grand opera. The stage business also is too frequently neglected or executed hi bad taste. A song in an English drama is generally introduced parenthetically; and the dialogue would be quite as, and perhaps more, intelligible without the in terruptions: therefore, for the sake of the song, the vocalist may be tolerated in ignoring for the moment his assumed character and in exhibiting himself simply as a singer. In the opera it is quite different, the whole story is set to music, and at no time should the singer forget that he has to sus tain a character necessary to the development of the composition. It was, therefore, bad taste of Signor Bianchi who, as Ncmorina, had to " give expression" to feelings of fondness for and admiration of Adina as she sat read ing, to turn his back upon her attractions that he might the more ett'ectiually from the footlights sing at the audience. The little Miss Julia Har land had to do as Adina was well done; but Mr. J. Gregg was l»y no means happy as Bclcore. Signor Grossi is always "at home" in Dulcamara, and although on Saturday evening he appeared divested of the pride, pomp, and circumstance of the pony cart, which heretofore did duty for the doctor's gilded coacli, yet the reverse of fortune did not damp his spirits. He proclaimed the infallibility of his skill as boastingly, the unfailing virtues of his nostrums as boldly, and ridiculed his dupes as heartilj- as ever. The farce of the "Two Bolts" has no pretension to originality of either plot or . character, and can claim no merit of a literary pro-1 duction. There is in it that well-worn stage had; the positive old military father, which Hum the Sir Anthony Absolute of Sheridan seems an indis- ] pcnsablc ingredient in every hash dished up by the plain cooks of histrionic composition. The "Two | Bolts" are poor imitations of Itobert Macairc and J Jacques Strop thrown into farcical instead of incio- : dramatic situations. The womankind consist of a forward young lady, who somewhat satirically in- j traduces the Mocking Bird song, and a lady's maid, who intrigues to entrap a gentleman into marriage. It is but justice to Messrs. X. and G. Leopold to say that while their acting, as might be expected from performers who have usually to exercise their heels more than their heads, was very extravagant, it was very amusing. The contrast between a clever ready rogue and a clumsy cowardly scoundrel was made laughably prominent, and was, if not the moral, the stapleof the piece. T'hcn came the pantomime; which, had there not been in it an unredeemed promise, would be worthy of all reasonable com mendation. The title is one calculated to raise while it reproves curiosity in the juvenile mind; but to those who went expecting to see the great monster of the nursery tale burlesqued, thepan tomirae was a delusion and a snare. Upon its first production the lateness of the hour in some degree justified the omission of the introduction; but that excuse cannot he al lowed on a second representation, when arrange ments could and should hare been made to give, as promised, a pantomime in its entirety. Unfor tunately also the fragmentary scenes did not im prove on repetition, some of the verbal and pictorial jokes went oil' flatly, and the practical fun was more than once sadly blundered. There was a crowded attendance in the pit and gallery; but very few, among whom were His Excellency the Governor and liis Private Secretary, in the boxes. There was a large and fashionable audience at the Victoria Theatre oil Monday evening. His Excellency the Governor ana • suite were present. Tlie performances com menced with Verdi's opera of "La Traviata." In I the first act the absence of anything like an ctfi- , cient chorus was felt, and the second was consider ably curtailed. _ Signora Bianchi, however, mode ( ample amends in the third act, both by her exqui site vocalization and her artistic acting of the part of the degraded and heartbroken Violetta. Her rendering of the " Addio, del possato," and one or two other of the beautiful airs in this part of the j opera, was extremely touching; and elicited the i most rapturous applause from all parts of the ! house. The comedietta of " The Two Polts" fol- I lowed, and the evening's entertainment wa wound up with a repetition of the pantomime en titled (we know not why) " Harlequin Bluebeard." The performances on Tuesday evening were { for the benefit of the stock company, ; and a capital entertainment was prepared ! for their friends, who, however, did not ] muster very strong in their support. Miss Julia Harland and Mr, John Gregg exerted themselves most successfully in selections horn Balfe's charm- { ing opera "The Bohemian Girl," and Messrs. T. and G. Leopold played admirably in a lively I comedietta entitled " My Wife's Out," new to our boards in that form, but containing nothing new in plot or incident. It was, however, a decided hit through the clever acting of those gentlemen, who were well supported by Miss Harland. The comedietta will bear repetition. A musi cal melange followed, in which Signor Grossi's "Marseillaise Hymn" was honoured with an encore. The entertainment concluded with the pantomime. The first act of Donizetti's' opera, "La Firiia del Beggimento," was produced on Wednesday evening at the Theatre in a very creditable manner. The martial character of the performance was pleasingly heightened by the presence on the stage of a de tachment of the 40th Begiment. Judging from the hearty and frequent expressions of delight given by the audience the performers must have realized every expectation of their treatment of the gay and brilliant music and spirited acting of the opera. ' bliss Harland, as Maria, threw considerable dramatic action into her part; Signor Bianchi was particularly happy, and Signor Grossi appeared to advantage as Jupplizio. The Ba taplan chorus was rendered with great effect, and was received with much applause. The operatic part was followed by the somewhat-coarsely humorous. comedy of "My Wife's Out." This was followed by a fantasia on the pianoforte by Mr. Linly Norman, which was executed with that gentleman s: accustomed brilliancy and sweetness or touch. An encore was rapturously demanded, but was refused —unconrtcously. as was supposed by the audience. This, however, was not the case. In justice to Mr. Norman we state that the reason of liis refusal to comply with the wish of the audience was that the chair which had'heen procured for liis scat before the piano was inconveniently low, and that a suit able scat was not . immediately obtainable. The entertainment of the evening concluded with the laughable pantomime of "Harlequin Bluebeard." The performances on Thursday erening included "The Traviata," "The Two Polls," and selec tions from the most picturesque. of the re cently-produced ballets, The Spanish Dancers." The house was by no means crowded—a fact which the wet weather in sdmc degree explained. In the opera Signor and Signora Bianchi exerted themselves with even more titan their usual suc cess, and theTighter portion of the entertainment was received with shouts of laughter and rounds of applause, . 'V Volunteer Uniforms.—A correspon dent says:—"Op Monday last the .contractor's tailor attendcd at the Fbrriers AmiVSturt, to measure the men of tfae Sturt and Brighton Bifle Company for their new uniforms, wliich arc sadly wanted, many of thc-old suits being almost unser viceable, while others are quite beyond repair." 