PLEURO-PNEUMONIA. Mr. James M. Main, of Geelong, has addressed the following communication to the Argus, regarding this most mysterious disease in cattle. He says : Having been in charge of a herd of cattle in New South Wales when the black leg, black quarter, or joint murrain, as it is variously termed, was raging ; and having at the same time a very intelli- gent breeder as my employer, his opinions of the cause of that disease made a strong impression upon , my mind, and led me, in all my subsequent manage- ment of stock, to adopt his theories of breeding, and to take note of how far different diseases might be attributable to what he professed to believe the foundation of nearly all epidemic or epizootic com- plaints, namely, the partial destruction of a vigorous constitution by an injudicious system of breeding. Since then, I have had charge of many large squatting establishments-both cattle and sheep and horses also-and my own experience and obser- vation have confirmed me in adopting the views of the gentlemen who first led me to study the matter. Nor nave I been limited in my observations to the study of stock in a healthy state ; for in 1838 and 1839,1 was overseer on two very large sheep estab- lishments-one on the Fish River, the other nearer. Lake George-on both of which the catarrh raged with great fury, affording me an excellent opportunity to test the principle of how far injudicious breeding among sheep might render these animals more or less susceptible to the influences of the epidemic. When, in 1648, the Sydney Government offered a prize of 200 guineas for the best essay on the catarrh, I became a competitor ; and, although I was not the successful one, the judges stated that they had great difficulty in selecting one of the three best essays to which to make the award, and spoke of all three —selected from among nearly thirty candidates —as possessing con- siderable merit ; and as mine was mentioned next to that which gained the prize, I was flattered with the idea that my opinions were by no means erroneous. ' I simply mention this circumstance, ..because ia the course of my remarks here I shall extract some por- tions of that essay to allow that my views relative to the injurious system of injudicious and indisctiminate breeding have undergone no change since 1838 ; but, on the contrary, that my opinions, based on my own observation, are more firmly established than ever. I make my start; then, on'these'premises, that a reckless system of breeding in-and-in, and an ignorant or inattentive method'of mating animals —not ex- cepting man himself —produces in the progeny a constitution so delicate and debilitated as to render these animals an easy prey to disease. The predis- position they acquire from one or both of these causes to take on disease —if I may use the term —and the great susceptibility they manifest, render them ready victims to every passing atmospheric change. Their constitutions have become prepared to afford the most luxuriant growth to the seeds of any endemic disease, that bad feeding, tainted housing, or exposure to sudden changes may sow. Let it not be understood that I mean to say breed- ing in-and-in, or, more properly speaking, close breeding, is impossible, without entailing this sus- ceptibility of disease. Richard Booth's famous herd of cattle is a proof to the contrary. They have been bred in-and-in nqw for nearly 100 years, and there are many other herds where similar proofs might be had if they were required. Breeding in-and-in, in the hands of a competent judge, need entail no such risks at all, for while he selects from the same herd the animals that exhibit the finest developments, he takes cate to study the relative ages, their natural constitu tions, and their blood affinities. It is in the hands of the incompetent and ignorant breeder that the damage is done-in the hands of him who, because certain females show fine points, places them with males that may be their closest blood relations, or that may in other particulars be very objectionable sires. It cannot be denied that the system of breeding pre- vailing in the eolonies, particularly among cattle, is of a kind likely to be productive of the most danger- ous consequences. Except in the stations of the principal breeders, what is the system? Why, that the males of all ages and conditions mix indiscrimi nntely with the young, the old, and. the feeble of the other sex. We find heifers calving at sixteen months old, and old cows breeding that have as many rings round their horns nearly as they have hairs on their tails. Look among the small farms in every agricul- tural district; observe the town herds, with the patriarchal parish bulls, and the host of lean, mis- shapen, sickly-looking cows and heifers, the progeny of these patriarchs, that have in turn become his con cubines, and wonder if you can that such animals, or their offspring, can be free from disease, or able to resist its attacks. Not having been'much in the country for the last few years, I cannot say how far reform in the matter of sheep-breeding has been carried, except on hearsay testimony, and through that source I learn that, generally speaking, a very marked improvement has taken place, and that a regular change of rams forms now a principal element in the breeding of sheep ; but in my squatting career, I know that something nearlv as bad as the above was conmon on the majority of sheep stations. Sheep vere allowed to breed year after year trom the closest affinities. and ewes were frequently literally bred to death. Instead of being culled out and fattened off after rearing their fourth or fifth lamb, they were allowed to breed away until they had neither teeth in their mouths nor flesh on their bones —the merest ghosts of animals ; and to this, there was no doubt, the malignity, if not the origin, of the catarrh was attributable. In those days the majority of the shepherds and hutkeepers in the New South Wales district were assigned servants, sometimes a very unruly class of men to deal with ; and, unless they were well watched, the hurdles would be placed in the most convenient place for themselves —not for the sheep —and occasionally not shifted for days to- gether. The consequence of this waa, that the poor animals, already reduced by a bad system ot breed- ing, were often to be seen standing after sunrise up to their knees in hot liquid manure, inhaling its exhala- tions ; and, from being unable to lie down all night, they had to rob themselves of a portion of their feed- ing time by day to make up for the rest they could not procure by night. This was the hotbed where the catarrh was nurtured, and from which its seeds spread far and wide. ' ' . Pleuro-pneumonia, like the catarrh, is an infec- tious epizootic, and, like the catarrh, I believe it to be non-contagious. I can speak with the greatest con- fidence on this point, so far as catarrh is con- cerned, because; when in charge of Captain Savage's sheep, near Gundaroo, a great many in- stances occurred of ewes dying from the catarrh, while their lambs, that had been observed to suck them, when the dams were actually dying —and which lambs were purposely caught and ruddled—never exhibited any symptoms of the dis- ease. These lambs being the offspring of a fresh change of rams placed with the ewes any eight or nine months previous, added a fresh testimony to my proofs of the value of crossing ; and I may, perhaps, be allowed to introduce here what I wrote to the Sydney Government in 1848-" The cause of the catarrh, in my opinion, is the exposure of unhealthy, delicate animals to a state of the atmosphere which, at certain seasons, acts with fatal influence on con- stitutions rendered more than ordinarily weak by a reckless system of breeding-in-and-in." Although the symptoms of catarrh and pleuro-pneumonia differ, I am of opinion that they both proceed from the same cause. The great difference, however, in the characters and constitution of the cattle and sheep may reasonably account for this difference of the effects produced on their relative systems, even if arising from the self-same cause. As there is no positive proof that the disease has been introduced here by imported cattle-although that is alleged-let me see how, arid under what cir- cumstances, the same has made its appearance ; how its progress has been marked, and what other evidence there is to assimilate it to the epizootic known as catarrh among sheep. If it be a twin-sister to catarrh, it is more than probable that the same course of action may check its ravages. If it be not, there will be no harm in my expressing my belief that it is ; because the arguments of abler and more experienced men, if backed by reasonable proofs, will easily pre- vail over mine. As I freely, admit that the two diseases which have made such havoc in this country —one among the sheep and the other in the herds of the cattle breeders —are quite different in the manner of their attack on cattle and sheep respectively, I need not in any way refer to the symptoms by which either is characterised. . On Mr. Boadle's farm, where the scourge first manifested itself in this colony, it appeared that his homestead is situated on a very exposed hill, although, if they chose, the cattle can find shelter under its lee ; and I read that "the south-west and south, winds (and I presume the rain too), especially must often be felt by both man and beast." (Mr. Boadle thinks it probable that the disease was introduced by an im- ported cow, and so I should from what he says. Still, we want the direct testimony.) On Mr. Hooper's farm, where the disease has also appeared, I take the following from the Farmer's Journal and Gardener's Chronicle :- " So far as the pasturage is concerned, there is nothing woithy of particular notice, as it does not differ from that of much land near Melbourne, and it is far more sheltered than that of two-thirds of the colony. The most careful observer can see nothing whatever in the position or character of the locality to account for the outbreak of the disease. When we came, however, to examine the miserable cow-house and the filthy yard in which it was situated ; the numerous pools of stagnant water ; the low, swampy character of the place, the treatment the cattle undergo, and the common but objectionable system of breeding pursued, we may almost say that amply sufficient data are furnished to enable us to account, if not for the origin, at any rate for the malignity, of the disease now speading amongst Mr. Hooper's cattle. " Upon approaching the homestead, it is soon observed that the cow-yard has been erected, and the long, narrow shed meant for a cow-house has been built, in a swampy place, or on the lowest spot that could possibly be selected, and that, man and beast are in one respect there on a level, for the dwelling- house is situated on the low ground also. The shed in which the dairy cattle are kept by night extends along the north side of the muddy yard, and thus, from its southern aspect, the cows, throughout the night, are exposed to the coldest winds and storms .experienced in this portion of the colony, whenever they occur. But not only is the aspect "bad ; the whole character of the structure is the worst that can be conceived. In width, the shed is just sufficient for a cow of ordinary. length ; then, instead of the roof sloping down towards the tails of the cattle, and thus acting in some degree as a shelter, to counteract the mistake in the aspect, it slopes altogether the other way, or from a height of ten or twelve feet over the hind-quarters of the cattle, down to a height of five or six feet at their heads. Here we observe the principle of the windsail on an extensive scale. The roof stands high, facing the very direction , whence our, coldest winds blow in stormy weather, and night winds in fine weather ;our coldest winds coming generally from the south-west, and our night winds almost always from, the south-east; and then a cold and doubly strong, and therefore doubly severe, wind descends upon the chained cattle." 'And further on, in the same article; the writer says :-" We may further mention that the principal occupation on the farm, which embraces an area of nine hundred acres, consists in dairying and in rear- ing young stock.. We have already referred to the' objectionable system of breeding pursued. It is nothing new, for it seems in universal practice every- where around the city, and consists in making calves produce calves. Almost as soon as calves are weaned, they become themselves mothers, and their offspring become mothers, in their turn. Thus proceeds a race of puny, degenerate animals, that, possessing scarcely the shadow of a body, are equally defective in con- stitution. Some of the dairy cattle of this stamp on Mr. Hooper's farm are so small that, without much exaggeration, they may be, compared to good-sized Newfoundland dogs. We notices amongst the sick-list four small animals of this stamp —one, in particular, seemingly heavy in calf ; and, on closer examination, we discovered that the same puny creature was not a two-year-old heifer, as we had at first supposed, but a two-year-old milch cow, having had a calf before." In the case of Mr. Chenery, of Belmont, Massa- chusetts, on-whose farm the disease first appeared in America, that gentleman writes :— -" From the fore- going remarks it will be perceived that some months ago, when the disease was raging, I believed it to be infectious or contagious, but I confess that more recently the conviction has forced itself upon me, that it was of an entirely local character ; that the lungs of the cattle had become diseased by breathing car- bornic acid gas, generated in the cow-house, in con- sequence of insufficient ventilation. The recent developments with regard to the spread of the disease in North Brookfield and vicinity —in tracing its origin to the calves that went from my farm in June last, together with the information that I have just received in a letter from Holland upon the sub- ject, will, I fear, force me back again to the belief that it is the veritable European scourge." So that now, if he be right in the last conclusion he arrived at it is not improbable that the "insufficient ventilation'" was the agent to inoculate the susceptible animal, or to force the latent disease into vigorous action. Professor Simonds, from whom you quoted lately, writes thus :-" Although highly contagious, all animals are not liable to take it, even when mixing freely with those that are infected, as a sound, strong constitution may often throw off the morbific influ- ence without injury to the system. There must be susceptibility, and this is induced by anything calcu- lated to lower the healthy tone of each animal —such as over-crowding, bad feeding, or confinement to wet, badly-drained, and cold houses and yards, or pas- tures." The professor and I differ in our opinion as to the contagions natue of the disease, but we are agreed on all else. Professor Dick, in a paper read before the Highland and Agricultural Society, said "he considered its origin and propagation to be atmospherical, and attributable to influences to which man and the lower animals were equally exposed ;" and also ," did not consider that it was contagious, nor that it aflected the ground, or sheds, or cow-byres. The general apprehension of contagion did great injury, by divert- ing the attention of cattleowners from the real causes of the disease, leading them to place embargoes, on their farms, and to overlook the particular exposures, and the want of cleanliness and ventllation in their stables and cow-houses. A particular wind acting on a steadlng, with a particular exposure, combined with want of proper attention to cleanliness and ventdation, would produce the disease, when, no other case of it could be found within ten miles." On the question of contagion, Professor Dick and I agree, 'and he seems to think it possible that the disease, in its early stages; may be cured ; but even if it could, I doubt the propriety of attempting it, as the supposed cured animal might break out again, and sow the seeds of the disease in other quarters. Refer- ring to this matter, the professor is reported as fol- lows ;_ " To illustrate the treatment required, the professor referred to a case in Lanarkshire, where he had been called on for advice. His instructions to the smith or farrier on the property were, that he should bleed whenever he observed any cough, or alteration of the milk or feeding; clean out the bowels by laxative medicine, say 1 lb. of epsom salts, nitre, tartrate of antimony in large and repeated doses, repe- tition of the bleeding, blistering the sides, and even firing, if necessary. After tne inflammatory action has oeen subdued, tonics should be administered. By following this cure, the smith acquired a local celebrity. It was sufficiently simple if adopted at an early stage of the disease ; but if it has made a cer- tain progress, no reasonable hope of success can be entertained." I may here state the conclusion I arrived at as to medical treatment for catarrh, as detailed in my essay. " With regard to any medical treatment of the disease being successful, I must say, that except in the case of selecting a few sheep for the sake of experimenting upon them, I believe it to be a waste of time and money. I have seen sheep bled in the eye and jugular vein ; I have seen salt administered ; I have known sulphur, salts, and oil given as purgatives, besides numerous other drugs, but without ever seeing any positive good result. It is possible, however, that the catarrh may attack sheep long before we notice it, and cause such derangement of the system before we perceive the outward symptoms, as to defy the power of the strongest medicines ... I am satisfied that the safest cure for catarrh, under any circum- stancea, is to convert the sheep into tallow," &c.; , To this testimony, and to what I have before quoted, I shall add that of Mr. Chenery, who says :-" My own private opinion, based upon costly experience, is, that whenever an animal becomes really sick with this distemper, the best treatment is to slaughter and bury forth with." As the disease is of a very infec- tious nature, I would substitute in the above the word " burn" for .* bury." . The editor of the Veterinarian, too, when examined before the House of Commons, in 1857, said that " it was absolutely necessary to prevent its spread, that all cattle, in whatever stage of the disease, should be, immediately on its discovery, destroyed." As cures, then, seem to be out of the question, I shall next consider what are the best preventive measures to be adopted. The chief ones, in my opinion, are to improve immediately our present dangerous, destructive, and careless system of breed- ing ; and also to introduce a better system of manage- ment, by compelling owners of cattle to place their milking yards and cow-houses in dry, elevated spots ; and to keep them clean and well ventilated, and their cattle well fed. There appear to be serious obstacles — although not perhaps insurmountable—to bringing the power of the Legislature to bear on the matter of breeding. If it should be deemed objectionable, no effort should be spared at all events to " induce " people to adopt a safer and better system. Any attempt to save cattle that are suspected should only be tole- rated until it is positively known that they are in- fected with this terrible malady —then destruction should follow immediately. Commissioners or inspectors, of known ability and integrity, should be appointed for certain stated dis- tricts, to carry out the provisions of any legislative enactment that may be framed ; and I think it would be advantageous to incorporate a catarrh bill with that for pleuro-pneumoma, because, although our flocks have now been free from that scourge for a number of year», there is no telling when it may break out again. It cannot be denied that we must fre- quently expect attempts will be made to conceal the attack of disease by the owners of cattle ; therefore, some such officers should be appointed, and every person possessing cattle or sheep who shall not, upon any unusual sickness or mortality manifesting itself among his stock, immediately give public notice, or notice to the inspector, of the same should be rendered liable to a, very heavy penalty. All cattle or sheep destroyed on account of these diseases should either be boiled down or burnt, anda fair compensation allowed to the owner from the public revenue, say to the extent of one third of their market value. Besides these precau- tions, every station, farm, or paddock in which the disease has appeared should be tabooed for twelve months ; no cattle of any kind should be allowed on it at all, if possible. As this communication has now far exceeded what should be the limits of a newspaper letter, I must draw it to a close. I have endeavoured to show that, though differing materially in their manner'of attack, pleuro-pneumonia and catarrh are two epizootic diseases having the same, origin, similar ,in their pro- gress and destructive course, and yielding to the same preventive measures. In catarrh I have proved what I advance; in pleuro-pneumonia I am satisfied the same result would attend a similar treatment. To conclude, I will now extract from my original essay the advice I tendered the New South Wales Government, over twelve years ago ;-" In conclusion, I would recommend that the Government be empow- ered to seize and destroy all sheep attacked with catarrh-allowing the owners the privilege of saving the tallow and skins if they please ; but should the general opinion be in favour of the catarrh being a contagious, disease, the skins should be destroyed as well as the carcases, and the tallow ought not to be removed except in a rendered state. I think the Go- vernmemt ought also to proclaim every diseased station for at least twelve months, neither, allowing sheep to feed on nor to travel over it; it might never- theless be safely used for cattle or horses. With respect to the right of the parties whose flocks are so seized to any compensation, I will not now remark, further than by saying that I think the sheepholders generally would submit to any reasonable demand required to enforce a system that would free them from the chance of ruin which attends this dreadful visitation." _____________________________________________ CAPTAIN DENHAM.-The,captain's good service pension, rendered vacant by the promotion of Captain' Thomas Matthew C. Symond», C,B.,'to flag rank, has been given to Captain' Henry Mangles Denham, who has been employed in the Herald, surveying Teasel, since February, 1852. Captain. Denham; was born in 1800, and entered the Navy in 1809 a» a volunteer on board the Daphne, twenty guns ; and, previous to his appointment to the Herald, assisted b the survey of the Channel Islands and the English and St. George's» Channels, and also many of the harbours along the English and Irish coasts. He conducted the survey' of the Btistol Channel throughout; was commander of the Avon, and conducted the "survey "of the West Cosst of Africa from Cape St. Paul to the Niger. Army and Navy G «rette, November 10. ?JTHSFT PF A THOUSAND SOVEREIGNS.-On Saturday last, whilst the clerks at the Colonial Bank were em- ployed in counting out the money and depositing it in the safe, a canvas bag containing* £1000, in Sydney sovereign», waa found missing. An immediate search took »lace, and all the clerk» were closely interrogated, but all of them denied all knowledge of the missing treasure ; and suspicion then rested on 'one of the messengers, named William Dewan1, and he was forthwith arrested by the detectives, > and the majpr part of the misBÍag money found concealed in a "plant."-Melbourne Herald. SEVBIIE THUNDERSTORM. - On Thursday night, about eleven o'clock, a terrific storm of thunder, lightning, and rain buist upon the town of. Bathurst, and continued for about two hours j and on Friday afternoon the town was again visited with a similar one. Tne rain on the latter occasion descended in torrent«, forming rapid and overflowing currents through every street, and deluging the flat lands on the Kelso side to a very wide extent. The lightning struck the signboard of Mr. Alexander, in Morisett street, and shattered one of the posts to which it waa affixed. Several of the carved projecting letters on the signboard were knocked off by the electric fluid. This i» the only danger we can hear of as having resulted from the storm. The growing maia« and the late potato crops, were much needing rain. These abundant »howers are, therefore, very acceptable. \V e saw a large, fire in the neighbourhood of Saltram ' last evening, immediately after the »torra, and we very much fear from the appearance that some »tacks of grain in that neighbourhood have been destroyed. J -Bathuwl; Free Press. 