METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. ; v ' 1 (From the Liverpool Albion, December 31st. ) ' I IF the world sometimes knows nothing of its greatest men, it occasionally knows as little of its greatest events. On Friday, for example, while skaters were cutting slippery curves almost as tortuous as diplomacy, on the Serpentine, the Park and Tower guns began to pop off at noon like one o'clock; TTW had the least notion why, and when everybody had a motion they didn't know what to do with it, being at a loss to understand how the man who had «»!"»*£ the head of the British government in respect to-the decapitating Yeh in '57, should now, as foreign Minister, order any danger or the extinguishment of the Celestial lantern in the flames of the Pekin Palace. A few perhaps bestowed a thought on the metaphysical excruciating of Gladstone. a whose tympanum, in Carlton-terrace, every shot must have told like the crack of doom as he reflected on the Miscellaneous Estimates, wherein the cost of these fascinating hangings would appear next Easter, are by that longitudinal arithmetician, Frederick Peel, against whose grant such powder must very much go, according to report. Not "possibly. too, some of the sliders, especially tiTbttlk ones, may have recalled the Latter Day denunciations the Bishop of Oxford, who, rising to the altitude of a Wilberforce of other days, proclaimed The retributive avengement of Bowxingism, saying that Providence, in its own time, and perhaps in the noon of Belah azar like exultation, would write upon the wall words that should herald the dissolution of empire and the engulphincnt of the revellers. Where did the Right Reverend saponaceous Samuel eat his Christmas dinner ? Did he have mince pie î Did his snapdragon suggest worms of conscience and reptiles of remorse, as he cogitated on his early words of warning and subsequent condonation of what he condemned? So with Milner Gibson, whose friend Bright will assuredly resist the grant of £500 to Loch for bringing home particulars of the Elgin incendiarism which cooled the combustible mandarins, and reduced that first person singular, a singular first person, the Prince of I to an impersonal pronoun, passive participle, and most indefinite article. Among the oddities of the situation it is noteworthy that the only journal which throws cold water on the overflowing pleasure of the occasion is the weekly one which has never allowed Bright merit of any kind for anything, but now goes to limits the Quaker would tremble to think of in tracing cause and effect, thus : -" Parliamentary majorities, elected by the expedient of bringing the Emperor of China on the hustings, are of all others those which fall soonest into general contempt ; but if it were known by what artifices a Chinese crisis is nursed into maturity, the Chinese cry would be exchanged into a clamour of indigna . tion. It is perhaps useless to hope that readers of English newspapers will soon be brought to understand that the outrages on national honour, which we are so often called upon to punish in China, have generally been ostentatiously courted are as the blows of Crown by Pantaloon." Very true, but not the whole truth, though indicat- ing a cognizance of what the whole truth is I just as was the case with Disraeli, when he used the all- embracing phrase " connivance and credulity," the practical application of which no one insisted upon, and therefore had both the knavish and the credulous at his feet. Why does not the admoni- tory informant in this instance speak out, and tell us what are the articles and who the artificers whereby a Chinese crisis is nursed into a difficulty ? " and, above all, why and in whose interest, " outrages on the national honour, which we are so often called upon to punish, have generally been as ostentatiously courted as are the blows of Crown by Pantaloon?" If " ostentatiously and frequently," what must not be the stupefaction of the race that cannot perceive them and if perceiving, what must not be the double besottedness that shrinks from punishing ? Scarcely less cogent is the query touching the reason for this concealment of such a secret as to the culprits on the part of those gibbeting the crime ? Does this wise man of the east, for he has certainly not got his intelligence in the west, deem that his countrymen, [assuming them to be English, and perhaps that is an extravagant assumption,] have gone beyond the stage of being awakened to a sense of their hocussed and diddled predicament ? Truths, says Coleridge, of all others the most awful and interesting, are too often considered so true that they lose all the power of truth, and lie bedridden in the dormitory of the soul side by side with the most despised and exploded errors. By frequent use, as by repeated attrition, the brightness and beauty of a word is worn bare, and it requires a distinct effort of attention to restore the full significance . to-the forms of expression with which we are most familiar. Hence it is, BayB Mill, that the traditional ..,_*___ of old- experience, though seldom questioned, have often so little effect on the conduct of life, because their meaning is never by most persons, really felt until personal experience has brought it home. And thus also it is that so many doctrines of \- religion, ethics, and even politics, so full of meaning and reality to first converts, have manifested a tendency to degenerate rapidly into lifeless dogmas, , which tendency all the efforts of an education expressly and skilfully directed to keep the meaning aliVe are barely found sufficient to counteract. Rather lantern entertainment this perhaps for plum-pudding-and-turkey.tide ; so let us uplift our voice like the Vicar of Bray, and thank the powers that be for everything that may be, forgetting what has been, for that is the main qualification for leadership in these times. To-day in anniversary of the capture of Canton and death of the Pretender. Whether Lord John would call it an auspicious anniversary" on that account is as puzzling as which of the two dis- patches to Hudson he ought to held in his hand when being painted for the Historic Portrait Gallery. In the one Finality pronounces an ultimatum, threaten- ing Cavour with extermination if he winks at Venice, , because England means to stick to the Adriatic. In the other Spring-heeled Jack tells the same progressive individual to go ahead from the to heel of the Italian boot, Papal calf and Austrian upper included, without waiting for spring, but in mid-winter if he \- likes and certainly the present is dry and cold, nearly as frigid as the poetry of Don Carlos, which would conceal a salamander.. However, as far as the -! British lion - is concerned, is leap year has jumped into the gulph of eternity in a blaze of triumph, as a poor Bunn used' to say, the once radiant Alfred having himself gone out, and it is to be hoped gone up, in an illumination of wax candles, Roman candles, of course for the author of the " Light of Other Days" died in that faith whereof commercial splendour forms a potential element. With what gusto Bunn used to tell the tale of the pyrotechnist on whose tomb a sorrowing and admiring friend inscribed the igneously alarming epitaph :-" He is gone where only his own fireworks can be excelled !" Let us trust that the same professional aspiration is applicable to Buna's case now, but with a difference in the degrees of latitude and temperature. There has been no such secession from Thomas to Tiber since the time of his operatic friend, Ambrogetti, the once magnificent baritone and lady-killing Apollo of the King's Theatre, and who, retiring in the prime of life and the heyday of fortune from the boards, became a brother of La Trappe, preferring that order perhaps in memory of his great character Giovanni, in which he used to make his subterranean exit down the stage in a cataract of brimstone brilliancy and a whirlwind of unearthly music, including the catch cry of that sad dog Leporello, and the horse laugh of the equestrian marble statue. Unlike the Italian, however, King Alfred became no anchorite in his retirement, and was probably as little of an ascetic as the abdicated Charles V., who used to fast in the monastery of Yuste on sixteen courses of fish, and carp at every one of them if the services were not more piquant than of the one preceding. Bunn had troops of friends, but wasn't without crowds of enemies, beginning perhaps with another Giovanni, though not an harmonious one, for he was notorious for the creation of family jars and domestic discords among flats and sharps, namely-the late " dark and imperious Earl," Fitzhardinge, who, when Colonel Berkeley, raised a fatal Cresswell Cresswellized game in the heart of Alfred's rib, the once beautiful Margaret Agnes Somerville, whose Belvidere and Bianca divided the town with Miss O'Neil's, while her portraiture of the petrified Perdita would put Pyzmalian ardour in a bosom of flint-rctat21, when gentlemen arrive at years of indiscretion, and may make fools of themselves according to Act of Parliament, provided they can pay for their papers. why should a man ever be more than one and twenty ?" .s Farren used to say, with such poignant drollery, JBjunn's own masterly play of the Minister and the Mercer, with Dowton for the shopkeeper, and the other incomparable comedian as the diplomatist. Alack, why indeed. Echo answers why ; but the wherefore sticks in Echo's throat, like the Amen in Macbeth; and for the same reason because the arrangers garotted by thoughts associated with the lachrymatory ducts and sentimental pocket- handkerchiefs, which perhaps it is a crying shame to introduce at this hilarious season, with Twelfth Night or What You Will, scarcely half a dozen days off, and when every gill-filling Jack will say with Sir Toby, " Dost thou think, because thou art virtuous, there shall be no more cakes and ale ? Yes, by St. Anne, and ginger was, he not in the mouth, too !" Bunn should not have died hereafter. Any delay in his final farewell of the scene of life Would not have been for his benefit; and it is creditable to his management that he shuffled off the mortal coil in stead of dragging it, like wounded snake, any longer. The sight of this year's pantomimes, all over London, would have put him to tortures more terrible than the throat-rattle agony of his old foe, Macready, in what Duero w used to call the part of using (poison) business in King John. Ghost of Mother Goose, skeleton of Grimaldi, only to behold the appalling death's head and crossbones contortions and grimaces of wooden brain lumbering body and dumpling visage that now pass for pleasantry, and are accepted as such by our poppy-headed public ! Preadamite jokes, antediluvian meka, fossilized fun that must have been antiquated when Methusaleh was in petticoats, spasmodic humour that would give an ostrich a strych nified stomach ache to swallow a grain of, are thrust before our many- headed monster, Mr. Bull, who Absorbs it all, in the manner of the Lord Wodehouse's ancestor, the Dragon of Wantley, who thought nothing of a cowhouse, a sheepfold, and a couple of church steeples for breakfast. The extravaganzas are burlesques on amusement, calculated only tflBntertain a misanthrope who finds pleasure in that most terrible of mundane spectacles more shocking than a rouged corpse-imbecility masquerading in what it believes to be wit. But we are in an age of progress : whither? That's the point; and stinging and barbed that point is. Penny newspapers multiply, and penny wisdom sumes the sagacity of our wiseacres. * Take another sample. Behold that an the tical establishment, the Crystal Palace, which was to have crystallised the whole cockney community into " one entire and perfect chrysolite," purging it of all coarseness, and rendering us at any rate like the flies in amber, a deuce of a wonder how we got into such a medium of pellucid purity. It was to be the grand educational institution of the epoch and of the earth ; addressing the mind's eye through the corporeal sense a manufactory of omniscience for the million at a shilling a head, and twopenny buns for three- halfpence ; refining, elevating, exalting the crowd into a condition of transcendental ecstacy with mental nutri- ment and unexceptionable ham sandwiches ; begetting an ardour for the fine arts which would be unappeasable anywhere but in this astonishing glass house, which covered plaster of paris cast of all Greek sculpture, and gamhouged copies of all Italian painting, and fac-similes of every representable phenomena in all creation, except the directors, who were too precious to be reproduced in any other substance than brass and lead, the first for the physiognomy, the second for that part of the anatomy which surmounts the human face divine. Well, contrast present performances with past promise. At this moment the daily journals groan, in more senses than one, with enormous announcements about the Palace, such as Wombwell, the peripatetic menagerie man, has too much respect for his kangaroos to put outside his caravan, and the late Mr. Richardson would have hesitated to placard them on his booth the last days of the saturnalia of Bartholomew Fair. These advertisements minutely narrate, in the most classic English, that certain downs will tell the drollest stories and sing the funniest songs." and that all sorts of jack-pudding gymnastics will be gone through such as a small mayor in a small town would deem it derogatory to the intellect of his Little Pedlingtoniana to be asked to tolerate on a market day. Our old friends, the Pig Faced Lady, and the Learned Pig, and Miss Biffin, and Fire King Chabert, and the Singing Mouse and the Whistling Oyster, and the Talking Fish, were clearly bore before their time, like other precocious characters. They should have waited till the latter moiety of the highly cultivated nineteenth century was ten years old, and then they would have been appreciated as they deserved by the eminently competent judges who preside at the great conservatory of popular instruction at Norwood. Moreover, they would have justice done to their merits by encompassed and analytic journalists in columns' length ; so that the Industrious Pleas, for instance, would have been treated as though they were a herd of hybrids between megatherium and mastodons. So too Messrs. Chang and Eng, the Siamese Twins, saying nothing of Mesdames Chang and line, and all the little joint stock C's and P's that have since turned up, would have been descanted upon as if the hosts of Xerxes had been resuscitated, and had crossed the straits of Dover in a squadron of balloons piloted, of course, by Sir John Pakington, who believes himself to be the original discoverer of every sort of navigation, aerial and queens, as well as of the mariner's com- pass and what is more of a marvel, other people encourage the idea. Witness the launch of the iron sided Warrior to-day, whereat, (oh, shade of Britannia !] officiated, not a lady, but the late inland First Lord, who didn't know a jibboom, from a poly- anthus three or four years ago. yet now talks of cut- waters, marling spikes, figureheads, and what not as though he were residuary legatee of Long Tom Coffin and the Flying Dutchman, and expected to be ditto to T. P. Cook. Surely these are considerations that worthily crown this wonderful summerleas year we are now taking leave of in a hailstorm, of such Buoer Arctic and Antarctic asperity as must persuade the weather beaten tempest-tossed, but securely-harboured, member for Tiverton, that what he lately regarded as an impossibility will soon come to past, namely, the Exe running up hill. At least it won't long run down, I for we shall have fancy fairs and of roasting and bonfires on the Thames and other streams a week hence, if this front doesn't depart. At present it has apparently got as secure a grip of us as Gladstone's in come-tax, the nipping effect being felt with increasing severity every day ; peeling the skin off, and causing the flayed human, animal to regret the want of that philosophy which enables seeds to think nothing of the like loss when they are used to it. How the Comic Old Gentleman manages to smile at the cold amongst the Romsey Volunteers, without his teeth involuntarily chattering, is incomprehensible, unless on the supposition that having turned his coat so often, and laughed so long in so many sleeves, he has learned the secret of acclimatisation to all atmospheres by judicious clothing, just as he deals with all parties by judicious bottle-holding. It is said that Wellington never changed his dress or his colour because of heat or cold in this country an assertion one would more readily believe if the ferruginous old battle-axe could have been seen at the launch of the metalliferous Warrior to-day, when the eagle beak would have been as rubicund as the bill of I a flamingo, even if he should only have one of Moses' upper Benjamin's on his outer man. And, now that we have got his figure in the foreground, k will be well to see how it is clothed by a most accomplished costumiere, who, however, having had to cut his cloth according to the shortest measure, has been compelled to turn out a scanty suits' The magnum opus of the British bibliophile world, the 8th edition of the Encyclopaedia Britannica, has at last been brought to a close, in its 21st volume, still leaving an index which is to be on so elaborate a scale as to form a marked feature of itself. The chief articles in the final volume are War and Wellington, the first by Major-General Portlock, the second by Mr. W. H. Russell, of Crimean celebrity. Neither is as good as it might be and it is worth notice that the article which originally impaired the prestige of the work was also a military one, being that on Army. At the time it appeared, as has often been observed here since, we had just " drifted " into the muddle commencing in the Valley of the Devon and ending in the Peace at Paris and everybody being anxious to glean something concerning the composition of our forces and the nature of our red-coated machinery called soldiers, turned to the publication newest, most pretentious, and presumptively most authoritative and trustworthy in every way. But great was the disappointment consequent on the discovery that the article was but a literal reprint from the stereotype plates of former editions of long years preceding! So little pains were taken to disguise the fact that, in the conspicuous foot-note references to Napier's " Peninsular War, the author was uniformly designated Colonel, though he had long been Lieutenant-General. By general consent the special exception to the general incompetency was the Special Correspondent; and to the fame Mr. Russell then won he owes the present honour, than which none can be higher of being selected to contribute a biography of the foremost British subject of any age to the standard reference work of this age. But the Pen of the War is far too circumscribed by space to do justice to itself or to the man of war. Restricted to the last volume, in which immense compression has been used to get in a multitude of topics, the life has to be packed into limits insufficient for the adequate treatment of a single episode; so that even Waterloo itself, which General Portlock, in the adjoining article on War, shows to be still open to dis- putes regard to the numbers engaged, It, is despatched in two dozen lines. The story of the Duke's life is told in very plain and homely terms. There is no attempt at the word painting in which the author was supposed to excel ; no new facts of any kind introduced; while some very equivocal old ones are retained such as the legend about the Duchess, before marriage, when Lady Kate Pakenham, and after having been refused by her father. Lord Longford, to the then penniless soldier of fortune, being disfigured by the smallpox, and the chivalrous Arthur nevertheless redeeming his truth, and wedding his original inamorata, between whom and himself the? course of true love had ran with its proverbial zig zag gery. It is also stated that Apsley House was built by the nation for his Grace. This is not so, Apsley House was an old structure, enlarged by the Wyatts under the direction of the Duke, who had bought the Crown's right of the site for some £10,000, which he saved out of the sums allowed for the purchase of the estate of Strathfieldsaye, on which there is only a very, insignificant mansion. It was his intention to have built a sort of Blenheim- like pile, and he paid Wyatt [relative of the monster-horse man] £2000 for the plans; but when the estimate came to be examined, the required gold scored the Iron Duke, and the F M. beat a retreat from the devastating architect, who, many years afterwards, sold a duplicate of the plans to the Duke of Sutherland, and upon them Stafford House was built, as Wellington used jocosely tore mind the noble owner whenever he visited the famous' "hall in the Green Park, claiming it as his own property, The point of the Duke's joke was not fully understood till his death, when the original plans were found in the cellars of Apsley House, with immense masses of papers, some of which the present Duke has given to the world in the six bulky octaves of Supplemental Dispatches recently issued. Cabined, cribbed, confined, Mr. Russell has been obliged to treat his theme as though in fetters and we have none of the roll and thunder of the fiery phrases of Napier, who, never bombastic but ever brilliant, invariably kept abreast of his great argument, yet ever out of sight himself, like Homer and the tale of Troy divine ;" as witness the passage leading up to the cold shade, and the thin red line, and that superb summary of the Peninsular host, namely : " What Alexander's Macedonians were at Arbela, Hannibal's Africans at Cairnie, Caesar's Romans at Pharsalia, Napoleon's Guards at Austerlitz-such were Wellington's British soldiers in Spain." Speaking of the Napiers, the last of the fighting race, Black Charley has set light tongues wagging because of his voice from the grave to-day, through that wonderful will in the papers, even though the papers don't publish half the particulars of that testamentary curiosity. A visit to Doctor's Commons admits of a few addenda here. That he should have had £30,000 in ready money shows that the prudential Caledonian element was strong within him, despite the old salt's seeming indifference to such considerations, and that he left it all to his only daughter, Mrs. Jodrell, and to her eldest son on condition that the youth should take the name and maintain the arms pertaining to the heroic patronymic, is evidence of that feudal esque family pride which so strongly marked the whole combative clan. But then comes the other item. At the bottom of the last page of the will there are two notes, in the handwriting of Sir Charles, the first stating that " there are three codicils to this will;" the second, written afterwards, that he had added another codicil in 1854. The will is dated 1848. The affidavit of the executors states that they had made diligent search in all the places where Sir Charles was known to keep his papers, but had found only one codicil, which, with the will, was in a drawer at Merchiston House, his seat in Hants. This merely directs that the children of Mrs. Jodrell, daughter of the deceased, should assume the name and arms of Napier. there is a second codicil, which was in the possession of Mrs. Wilkins, and which bequeaths to that lady Mary Anne Bettes worth Wilkins, widow of Charles Wilkins-an annuity of £100, and the furniture of the house in Albermarle street. This is in Sir Charles's own writing, and very bad writing it is the will and first codicil have been drawn by a lawyer. The notes at the end of the will are separated by a line, and marked in pencil felt in Sir Charles' writing), " not to be registered." Whose writing there is no saying ; nor is there any saying who is Mrs. Williams, relict of Charles Wilkins. Can she be the Widow Green? If so the Love Chase must have been the most curious cruise the antique Pair- fires ever was engaged in, and he certainly had some odd runs after strange craft, by land and water, in his time, though assuredly none of such circumferential dimensions as this. 