THE MALDONIAD. A TRAGIC YABN BY MB. a W. LONGBELLOW, (not the author of Evangeline), in a good many cautos. CANTO THE FIRST : This is the High-street of Maldon. The grumbling tradesmen and suckers All unkempt, and bearded with moss, stand laughing in front of the shop doors Stand, as of eld sat Caius Marino, musing upon desolation Stand, like ghosts in a lit but with beards that sadly want shaving. Loud from the innermost caverns of their stomachs is heard a deep grumble Which speaks, and in accents disconsolate bewails the dulness of trade. CANTO THE SECOND: This is High- street of Maldon. But where are the diggers and reefers Who once, thorough the length and breadth of it, Perambulated each Saturday with visages jolly as sandboys, "Men whose lives glided on like rivers that water the woodlands ?" Plentiful then were the spons, and lavishly were they distributed After each crushing of stuff and sale of the golden residuum, I Abandoned now are the reefs, and the auriferous treasure That once so richly rewarded the arduous toil of the reefers Is discovered now only in pennyweights, instead of onnces as formerly ! Scattered like leaves are the reefers; the all powerful blasts of new rushes Have seized them and .whirled them away to Laclilan and to New Zealand, Whilst grim desolation now reigns in the once famous towudiip of Maldon. CANTO THE THIRD: Ye who believe in a yarn, in a yarn of sad touching interest, Ye who believe in the adage that "truth is Ear stranger than fiction," List to the mournful tradition now told by an unfortunate sucker Who desolate lingers behind in Maldon,—once home of the reefer. CANTO THE FOURTH : In a quiet and picturesque spot, not far from the shores of the Loddon, Surrounded by ranges auriferous, and valleys all covered with green, Secluded and still lay a gully. Stretched to the westward vast pastures Where brows'd somef thousands of sheep belonging to the station called Bryant's. Here in tins gully there hung out, quite free from the cares wluch corrode A party of miners—good fellows—pioneers of Maldonian reefers; Happy and prosperous were they, as sinking and washing, and driving, They fossicked out plenty of gold, and lived like cocks given to fighting. Never dreamed they in those days of companies —sources of orofit to lawyers, 2for felt any needt of the Acts of Haines, and • Pyke, and of/Ireland: Aud Iiu ouri of^Arwitc utU lint tnr nips and carrots and cabbages. £At this stage the " unfortunate sucker " and author was heard muttering something about sherry and bitters, and immediately afterwards rushfed frantically up the street in the direction of the Lounge. . Doubtless his feelings overcame him | but. probably he will" resume the snbject" on another occasion,] WHEATS-EIGHTY BITSHECS TO THE ACRE.— S. P. Mason, of Walnut Creek, N. Y., tells the New York Tribune how he grew wheat at the rate of-eighty bushels per acre, " He enclosed with boards an exact rod of dry, gravelly soil, and spaded it eighteen inches deep, mixing in well rotted clayey turf, rafted, to the amount of a cartload, and a peck of salt, half a busheLof ashes, and one pound of guano; then marked the bed into squares of three inches/and planted on - 10th September, one grain in % bole two inches ideep, in the centre of each square, using nine grains to each loot, which he thinfcs too thick. It came up in eight days, and by- first December it was a" perfect mat, so that the ground was hidden. On this he, sifted'three pecks of charcoal dust, and when the'snow melted off in March the wheat-was very green. It was watered a little in a dry time, and harvested 10th July, after the toirds had taken a , s!jare, and dried, and the grain weighed pounds. JHe. says if it had befep. undisturbed by the birds the yield would have been fttfl SO' pounds—that is lialf a bushel per rod square, or at the rate of 80 bushels per acre. The seed was called ^"California wheat/' but whether raid or bearded, white or. rpd, he does . not «ay.v Nor does liesay.whetlier.it wonld pay.to cultivate it on a larger scale for 80 bushels per acre."— American Cultivator* 