A- MADMAN. (FnOM TUE TBAOEDY OF LIFE. BI JOHK H. BRENTEN.) ALL was still, save the distant splash of thc waves. Aa I was on the point )f seeking m; bed I heard a low growling like that of an an gry dog ; this was followed by a prolonge< snarl. I went to the door, and, opening ii softly, walked in the dark to the head of th< stairs. Thero was a flickering light below. 1 noiselessly descended a few steps, when a strang« sight presented itself. A candle, the flame o which was dying out tn the socket, stood on thc ground, close to an old iron stove or chimney grate, ornamented with uncouthly shaped facet on either side. Opposite to this stove, crouched, or rather squatted on the floor, like s huge ape when frightened or enraged, was Lawrence Tremlett. A black coat wac drawn round his shoulders. There was a white garment beneath it, which I concluded to be his shirt, for I could see his bare knees, on which his white, unearthly looking face was resting. The wretched man was gabbling, and moaning, and spitting at the unsightly object before him ia what seemed a paroxysm of angry terror. I was hardly able to realise the scene ; but even while I stood the precious moment had passed ; with a low howl he sprang, up, unfastened the door close by which led into the lane, and fled. There was no time to awaken the household even ii I had wished to do so, and, unfortunately, I had neglected to ascertain where Jenner slept. I did not wait to get my hat, but fol- lowed as quickly as possible, taking the same path to the shore which they had chosen in the morning ; but when I reached the sands no one was visible to the left. I rounded a point, and, straining my eyes in the opposite direction, in- stantly caught Bight of the fugitive. The tide was very low, and the sands, unbroken by rock, .were bared, but BO wet, that they looked in the moonlight like a plain of quicksilver. The right cliff was at first high and precipitous, and at the extreme point stood the castle, calmly towering «ver the bay ; beyond the ruin it sloped away into a number of low hillocks covered with very long, coarse, reedy rushes, and intersected with deep fosses, half filled with extremely white, dry sand. Tremlett was walking along rapidly, sometimes breaking into a run, but keeping well to the centre of the sands. I saw plainly that they weio exceedingly heavy ; he sank up nearly to his ankles at every step, and his pro- gress was evidently most laborious and toil- some. I avoided this difficulty by holding up to the right, keeping well under the shadow of the cliff, and thus I diminished a portion of the distance between us. In passing beneath the castle I glanced upwards. It overhung s» much that, in tho hazy light, it seemed to sway to and fro as if about to fall on me ; but no sound was heard, save the hooting of a startled owl. About three hundred yards beyond the castle, Tremlett turned sharply np to the hillocks I* mentioned, I stopped in- stantly while under cover. He scrambled up a steep bank, composed chiefly of dry sand and the debris of broken shells of an extremely deli- cate and beautiful sort ; and following the course of one ot the channels among the reeds, his head was visible for a few moments, and than suddenly disappeared. I listened atten- tively ; tho rustling sound of his movement had ceased. I marked tho exact spot where be had dropped, rapidly followed his track, «nd lay down within a few yards of the place, determined to wait until he emerged. There was not a sound except the almost in- audible rustle of the reeds as they swept towards ?each other, or the wail of the plover as it winged its way over the inland moor. The minutes seemed to me hours, and I could al- most hear the beats of my own pulse, as I lay there motionless. The moon was holding her tranquil course above ; the dark sea, the silver mist, all was unnaturally still. The old castle looked down steadily and coldly over the wide expanse of night ; I could discern on the turrets in the moonlight the outline of the stone images of past ages-saints canonised for their holiness-men and women martyred for their faith-heroes crowned fer their pitiless valour-tyrants remembered only for their wickedness, gone now to that place where their deeds for good or evil shall follow them, their bodies long since gathered to the dust, their earthly reward a niche in the sea beaten walls of an old ruin, their requiem sung by the ever-moaning waves. I remember these thoughts passing vaguely and rapidly through my mind, and the singularity of my situation struck me so, that I began to ask myself if it were not all a dream and myself the sport of an illusion. Presently I beard a move ment in the suspected direction. I raised myself cautiously. As my head emerged, -another and a ghastly countenance appeared like an accusing spirit about six or eight paces distant from me. Tremlett saw me as dis- tinctly as I saw him ; and an expression of ma- lignant terror stole over his features. If eyer I saw murder, it was in his eye at that moment. We seemed like two wild beasts hunting each ?other down. I took it, however, very quietly, 'knowing that he was unarmed-at least, I thought so-when I heard a click, and he raised his arm and levelled a large horse-pistol full at nie. I saw the steel glisten, and for an instant fait that all was over for me. Instinctively I kept my eye fastened on his ; ho did not move ; I then slowly dropped to the " - ground - and, lying as close as possible, I dragged myself into the deeper part of the channel, trying to get under cover if I could. I had certainly barely accomplished moving the length of my own body, when I beard the sharp ping of a bullet discharging at the place which I had occupied a few seconds before. The perspiration streamed at every j pore, as with my face close to .the sand, and my hands buried in the roots of the grass, I effected another length in a circular direction, so that I was, in effect, nearly at his side. But the pistol was a doule-barreled one,, fand I waited - Another ping 1 and without pausing until the smoke had cleared away I sprang up and confronted him. He recoiled a few paces, and dashed down his pistol with a tre- mendous imprecation. "Devil I fiend!" he shouted. " I might have known that bullets have no power against such as you1 who are sent to buffet me.* " Come, come, Tremlett," I said; "don't fancy that your old friend.is a ghost, and don't ' shoot your doctor for an enemy." " Good devil,'* he began. "I'm not a devil, Tremlett," I said ; " feel me."- Taking this opportunity of slipping my arm within his, an odd, furtive glimmer played over his features, and afterwards the old down, cunning I look settled there. ' " Ha, ha," he exclaimed, io a hollow, forced laugh, ." Capital joke, , isn't it? The fact is, by moonlight, you I know, you looked extremely odd, and I wanted -I wanted to frighten you." (And you suc- ceeded pretty well, too, was my private reflec- tion.) " I dare say you think I look odd," he continued. "Yes; come, let's get home. You must be cold," I answered. " I certainly ara" He returned to the same idea. "You think I look odd ? Well, I rather prefer it. It's my fancy. A man may have his fancy, eh ?' "Your attirais singular, I confess, Tremlett," aa I eyed lum more narrowly. A pair of half boots thrust on his bare legs, a nightshirt, a short full cloak, and a double-barreled horse-pistol, were his equipment for a midnight stroll on the shore. It was not without difficulty that I persuaded him to accompany me back; that he did so unwillingly, suspiciously, and struggling with a desire to explain away the circumstances under which I had surprised him, was evident enough. As we passed the iron stove where I had first per- ceived him, he mode a détour round it; and before ascending the stairs hurled the pistol at it with all his force, making some remark to rae to tho effect that he found the pistol too heavy to carry up stairs ; but I had seen what accounted to me for his doing so ; and if I had not, the spiteful expression of his countenance would have betrayed his real thought. What- ever his oiher faculties might be, his capacity for remembering supposed injuries was wonderful. 