CLUNES POLICE COURT. Thursday, 29th August. (Before H. A. Thompson, Esq, and P. Mark, Esq., J.P.'s.) ASSAULT.-Elizabeth Rose was charged by Mrs Robert Havery with comndtting an assault upon her on the 16th inst., whilst returning from chapel. The circumstances of the case were proved by the testimony of Mrs Roberts, whoNieposed that whilst in company with Mrs Havery on the day in question that the defendant came right up against her. The rude behavior of the de fendant so excited her that she scarcely knew what she did. Witness was frightened at the woman. Presently MrsHavery, who had kept very quiet, said, "Mrs Rose, what have I done to you that you act in such a manner." Mrs Rose ¿hen charged her with cutting down some clothes, which she was sure Mrs Havery had never done. Mrs Rose called the plaintiff a liar several times, and rushing at her tore off her bead dress and hair. Cross-examined by the prisoner-Did j you not say you thought I was a ghost. 1 Mrs Havery-Yes, I was so frightened at ; you that I did say so. I never said that . you were drunk, but asked you if it was not ' so. Defendant-was sworn and stated that on the evening in question she met the com plainant. She went up to speak to Mrs Havery, and. did not get time to say any more titi Mrs , Roberts said she «as a bad woman. She wanted to know if it was trae that 6he had been taking down Mr Havery's clothes. The clothes had been discolored by bang left in the tab, and she had thought them of ne farther use to Mr Havery. She pot her liand on the top of her head, and did tear the crown of her hat off, nothing more. Order for £2 and 22s 6d costs. Mr Havery did not wish for penalties, but that the defendant should be bound over to keep the peace Order confirmed, at which the prisoner commenced a tirade, which the bench promptly stopped by remarking-" Attend to what we say to you. You must behave yourself here or you will be sent to the lock-up at once. If any further disturbances ot this kind take place yon will be bound over to keep the peace. ILL-USING a Doo.-Joseph Bennett sum moned Henry Smith for cruelly beating a dog, but withdrew the charge, as he believed the defendant was excited at the time. De fendant essayed an explanation, but was stopped by the bench. Defendant put some half crowns into the poor's box, and left the court. CAUSE LIST. C. Dauber v R. Havery, for £6 13s, goods sold and delivered ; settled. Town Rate Collector v G. Dabeney, municipal rates, £2 8s; setttled. Same v R. Tresise, 1 ls. Same F. Griffiths; both settled. George Seals v James Wilmot, claiming 10s. Defendant did not appear. Plaintiff sworn-Lives at Glendaruel. Trusted defendant with a quan- tity of bags to take to Mrs Pickford's store, for which defendant owed a balance of 10s. but instead of his giving him the money he took it out in goods. Order for the amount claimed and 22s 6d costs; in default, warrant of distress to issue, or three days' imprison- ment. Rebecca Woolfe v Josh Whiteside, claiming £2 15s for use and occupation of a portion of her premises; defendant did not appear; plaintiff proved the service of the summons, and that she had applied for pay ment of rent; order for the amount and 12s 6d costs, or six days' imprisonment. THREATENING LANGUAGE.-Josh Woolie, of Glendaruel, was charged by Constable O'Regan, in charge of that district, with iiaving used threatening language, whereby a breach of the peace was caused, on the night of Saturday last. He had been called to the prisoner's place on the night in ques tion to quell a riot, and be there found the defendant and lüs wife both drunk; their place was turned upside down, and it was evident thc pair had been fighting, for the windows and furniture were smashed. The prisoner was taken into custody, and had been locked up since Saturday last. The Bench, considering these circumstances, fined thc prisoner in the mitigated penalty of 5s, or twenty- four hours' imprisonment with a caution that if he appeared before the Bench again on a similar charge that be would be punished to the fullest extent thc law would allow. Mrs Rose made an appeal to have hci case tried in a higher court, and was offeree the privilege of a higher penalty to warrani such a course, but declined it, leaving in li ¡gi dudgeon. The Court then adjourned. 