-0 (From our City Correspondent.) Sydney, April 1, 1861. THE - brief existence which remains for the Parliament, will be full of eventful interest; its deeds and misdeeds will be pregnant with weal or woe, and the future historian of the country will hereafter attribute to the legis a tion of the ensuing six weeks the cause of many political and social phases in colonial events. On the 13th May the present Parlia ment expires, and its requiem will be sung by grateful thousands, if it but pass in its integ rity Robertson's Land Bills, and a Council Bill which shall command the respect of the people. To ensure the success of the first measure, the minister for Lands has resigned his seat in the Assembly, preparatory to join ing the nominees. The fortiter in re style will make the old sleepy heads look around them, and great will be the disgust of Sir William Burton and the polished Thompson when the ejaculation of « bosh " from the hon. member shall assail their cars during one of Isaac's windy orations There will be a strong incli nation to snub the new member, but 1 doubt whether it will be attempted, much as some of the reverend, grave, and potent seigneurs would like to try it on. The fact is Bedouin Jack is not the sort of man one cares to offend needlessly; his retorts are smore forcible than Ciceronian, and his inattention to the injunc tion, not to speak evil of dignities, makes one feel doubtful as to whether he ever heard it. Moreover, though the ruling spirit, which so wisely suggested that the senators should bend their heads to the popular ptorm, which carried before it the Electoral Bill, is noiv no more " one of us," yet we may fairly con sider that his precepts of wisdom are not en tirely forgotten. Mr. Deas Thompson cannot but recognise in Mr. Robertson the and the only people's representative in that 11ouse, and he dares not, while Mr. Robertson ap pears in that character, countenance an insult to him by any of his followers. Not that Mr. Thompson (personally .;would ever think of insulting any one, despite the little hauteur he occasionally displays, but some of those who sit on the same benches with him, while aspir ing to be the ton of colonial society, possess feelings which would disgrace a sweep. Railway Extension seems to be in nubibus, certainly it is not in the minds of the New South Wales Government.. Mr. Walker be came their catechiser the other day, and elici ted, not only that the introduction of tram roads was abandoned, but that the present contracts would not be carried out in the stipulated period. The late Governor's influ ence alone induced his ministers to bring for ward the Tram-road scheme, and- his depar ture allows engineers, who ever delight; in expensive undertakings, to resume their in fluence. One of the reasons alleged for delaying further works is the 'discovery of some process in England by which railway making is for the future to be carried on at a considerable saving on past experience. Now can any argument be stronger for aban doning at once the expensive lines we have been hitherto constructing, and for carrying out with all dispatch, lines suited to the ye quirements of the age, and extending to the three boundaries of the colony. The benefit of railways to a mercantile community, con sist, not so much in the speed as in the punc tuality obtained. The Assembly are getting through the esti mates very fast, and although there is a debate now and then upon small items, the large ones go by unchallenged. For instance, the other night there was a long debate touch ing the propriety of paying the clergymen who attend Darlingburst jail £25 a-year each. This gave Buchanan an opportunity of having a fling at the clergy, whom as a body, lie soundly rebuked, for not attending without reward upon our criminals. He-seemed oddly enough to ignore all reference to the fact, that the clergy must live, and pay their bakers and butchers like other men, and forget too, that the "1 labourer is worthy of his hire." It is to be lamented that the clergy, as a body, are very badly remunerated-worse indeed than many mechanics; and yet they are al ways expected to maintain the appearance of gentlemen. I am glad to say that the Assem bly was not mean enough to refuse the paltry sum proposed. Amongst some large items, was one of £10,000 for the Volunteers, and £10,000 to be raised by loan for the enlargement of our Museum. The present building is a most un sightly edifice-a rat-trap, filled and stuffed with all sorts of specimens, and looks. more like a prison with its dead walls and blocked up windows, than a gallery, of arts and sciences. The ministers have promised in. expending the money to pay some attention to architectural principles, and to endeavour to make the museum an ornament to Hyde Park, though its situation, deep in a hollow, mili tates against such a hope. The sum for clothing and instructing the volunteers was cheerfully passed without a word of opposition. I am very sorry, however, to say, that I am inclined to look at the vol un teer movement as a failure, more especially when I contrast our force ivith ~that raised in Victoria. The fact is, the whole thing: has been bungled from first to last. The rules drawn up by the Inspecting Field Officer have been violated by himself, esisecially with re gard to the election of officers; and a' power has been allowed to mere boys, quite incom patible with that efficiency in the force which is so much to be desired. I do not hesitate to say, that the most of. the sergesants .and cor porals have been elected by the boys, whose votes have been influenced by various consi derations, from lollypops:td nobbles's. On the part of the non-commissioned efficers, canvas sing for office hashbeen most unblushing, and the consequence is, that, not the most deserv ing, but the most-pertinaitoous in solicitation, and the most lavish in treating, have been elected to rule over their fellows. There ought to have been a test for offce-thorough piroflclency in theo manual and platoon exer cise, for instance, ought to have been insisted on for the officers of all classes, for if they do not know these things, how cats they expect to coredt faults in othcrs, or even to judge of mes'it when presented to them ? Then, thsere has been a great looseness in the drill, and I think I am correct, when I say, that only one company out of 'the fourteen that compose the two Sydnecy battalions, has been properly in structed.' This might have been remedied, by compelling the instructors themselves to go through a strict examination. During the past week there hsaVe been several resignations. 1Vhy ? because, by one of the rules, .if a membesr, having received his uniform, shall resign before the end of the year, he shall forfeit its value, £8, 10s. A salusta'y r'ule, methinks, for if a man' after strutting a space in Isis fine clothes, should suddenly resign, who will wear his uniform after him? ?Nobody, and then the loss would fall on the govern ment, another word for the pubiho. The rule will check this sort of thing. Are these men the stuff out of which patriot soldiers are made ? these, who shrink from any liability, shirk their drill, see ghosts in the path of duty, and then " draw back their hands from the plough ?" I trow not. A stringent militia bill would bring these gentlemen to their duty. Since the Synod Bill- has been sent down to the Assembly, a number of meetings have been held in the different parishes to consider the measure. The Hon. Robert Johnson, M.L.C., has delivered a lecture in support of the Bill, and the Rev. George King, one in opposition to it. There would seem to be some little change in public opinion as to the advisability of allowing the Church of Eng land to hold Synods, judging from the fact that sev eral petitions have been presented to the Assembly in favour of the bill. The ma jority of the members are pledged to oppose the measure ab initio. The Bishop is said to have 'been endeavourihg to convert some hon. members to his views of the subject, and I hear has not been unsuccessful. I cannot believe the bill will pass,-should it do so, then there is no faith in man, and promises are valueless. The rogue Antolysus who sang Sigh no more, ladies,-sigh no more; Men were inconstant ever: One foot on sea, and one on shore is one thing, constant neverI was a shrewd fellow, and knew human nature. A tea-party was helrl l as. week to bid fare well to the Rev. W. Hesse', one of the most talented ministers of the Weeleyan Church. He is going home on accuunt of ill health, overworked and ovcrb:u'enued. He edited for three years or antre the Wesleyan Record, and was a mian faithful to his convictions, out spoken, and honest. He will be a loss to his church. A purse of £200 was presented to him. There was a rifle shooting match on Satur day at Manly Beach, the prize, given by the owners of the Phantom, being a silver cup, value twelve guineas. There were twenty nine competitors, confined to firing 9 shots each, at 200, 300, 400 yards. The cup was won by Mr. TVm. Bishop, a builder, who a fortnight ago, was a stranger to the rifle. The shooting was of the poorest kind, the average all round, not exceeding four points, whilst the winner made but ninc. The affair was satisfactory no doubt to the steamer people, but it has not tended to the advancement of rifle shooting. In fact none of the volunteers have yet been instructed in the true princi ples of shooting and cannot be expected to fire well. The town is gone out holiday making to day, and the public offices and shops are shut. 