CHAPTER XXIII. . : I ' FOHKWABNHD. \- It waa a pleasant life that we led In the.fina old castle al Edoldorf. Victor, wss. always an enthusiast In field sports, and since his return from the war he'dovoted himself to thc pursuit of wild animals more assiduously tiun- ofer.^Tbis was no less o moasuro of prudonce than of incllnstio'riprf. thc part of my friend. - An inveterate Nimrod seld6in (hilslos nimtèlf much -with polities and' ns tho nntwedoñts ot ,th'e De Rohans had somewhat compromised that patriotio fVrdlly in thc' eyes of the Government, its ' presont representative wat Ibokéd on less unfavourably in tho character of » young thoughtless sportsman, than he would have been as a diialloqtodO man brooding in solitude, and reserving his enorgtcajfor more donnerons occupations. Moreover, to ono who loved the fresh breath of morning and the crack of the rllle, Edeldorf was a perfect pundlso. Within a ride of two hours Its hills furnlshou many a pair of antlers for the castlohall, and tho wild boar whetted his tusks apon tho stem of many a fine old forest trev in its deop woodlands. An occiuiocal wolf and a porsihle bear or two enhanced the interoat of the cbaso ; and' when the (Jaunt quitted his homo at early morning,', belted and equipped for bis work, he could promlso himself a dny of ns varlet! enjoyment as the keenest sportsman could desire. I was getting rapidly belter, hub still nnablo to accom- pany my friend on these active expeditions. I nm not suro that I longed vory «?an.orly.to participate 'in their delight*. AB I got stronger, I think 1 felt less inclined to break my habits of convalescence and helplessness-a helplessness that i made me very depondent on Valerie do Itohnn. . . j I was awaking from a pleasant dream of evening skloi, ' and perfumad orange- groves, and'aoft. music, witt! a dim vision of floating hair and muslin dresses, when Viotor, with; a lighted candió in his hand, entered my npartmrnt-a habit he had acquired in boyhood, and which ho continued; through life to bid mo < Good morning,' and favour mo with ? his anticipations of bis day's amusement, ? ? ; ' I wish you were well enough to como with me, Vere,*' .aid he, as he peered out into the dark morning, not yet, streaked with tho faintest vestige of dawn. 'Thoro is: nothing Uko shooting, after nil ; war is a mistake, Vere, and an uncomfortable process into tho bargain j but shooting, 1: (Ind, gives one quito as much oxcltemont, and has tito ad-! vantage of being compatible with a comfortable dwelling and plenty to eat every day. I havo ohanged my note,1 Vero, and 1 asy Viv« Io chatte / noir.* * Did you wake me to toll me that?' I yawned ont, as l warded the light of tho candió from my sleepy eyes,' '.or do you with molo get out of my warm bed this cold morning' nnd hold a discussion with you. on tl o comparativo attrac- tion of shooting men and ueasts t Tho former is perhaps' tho moro exciting, but tho latter the mora innooent.' Viotor laughed. ' You lazy, cold Englander 1' ho raplled j ' I woke you as I always do when I anticípate a pleasant day, that I may tell you all I expect to do. Ju the drat pince, I shall have a delightful rtdo opto tho hilts; I with you could accompany me. A olgnr boforo dawn, after a ctip of codie, is worth all tho smoking of the rest of the twenty four hours put together. I shall gallop the wholo way, and a gallop counts for something in a duy's happiness. Con- fess that, at least, you cold, unimpassioned mortal. ' 1 pointed to my wounded log, and smiled. V' . Oh 1 you will soon bo able to got on borsebaok, and then, wo two must soampcr about across tho country once moro, na wo used to do when wo were boys,' resumed-Viotor i ' In tho moan time, Valerie will tnko caro of you. and yon must get well os quick as you can. What a charming ride lt is up to tho hills i I shall get thora in two hours at tho outside, fur Gaspar socs Uko tho wind ; then to-day wo moan o beak tho woods at tho farthost extremity of tho Woldotiborg, where my poor father shot the famous straight-horned stag years and rears ago. There sro several wild-boar in tho ravine at tho bottom, and it was only tho season before last that Vocqsal shot a Lear within twenty yards of tho waterfall.' ?liy tba bye,' x interrupted mm, ? aro oears anu noars mm rod-door the only gamo joa bave in view t or are there not othor attractions as fascinating as shootlug,' In tho direction of Hie WaldenborgT' . ; It was a random shaft, but it hit tito mark | Viator post» tl rely blushed, and I could not help thinking aa I watched bim, what a handsome Tetlow bo was. A Oner specimen of manly boattty you would hardly wish to seo than the young Count de Itohan, as ho stood thors in his green shooting« dross, with bis itowder-horn slung across his shoulder, and his hunting-ladle at hi« waist. Victor WM now In tho full glow of youthful manhood, tall, active, and muscular, with d «ymmotry of fratuo that, »hilo lt was eminently graceful, qualilled him admirably fur nil athlotlo exerolses, and a hearing that can liest bo described hy tba emphalln term ' high-bred.' Thom was a woman's beauty In his soft blue oyo« and silky hair of tho richest brown, but his marked Centura*, straight, determined eyebrow», and dark, heavy moustaohes, redeemed tho countenance, notwithstanding Its bright winning oipresaion, hom tho clinrgo of effeminacy. I'orhaps, after all, the grcatont charm about him was hts air ol complete enjoyment and utter forgetfulness of self. Kvery thought of his mind soeuiod to pass across his hand .omo faoo; und to Judge by appearances, tho-thoughts wore vf tho pleasantest description, and now he absolutely blushed I ?( be berried on witbost Uktng any notice of my remark - ; . If I can bring Va'erie ba* a bear-akin für her «ledge, »hall be quite satined ; and I will tell you all about nv chute and my day"« adventures over a cigar when I return Meantime, ray dear fellow, take care of yourself, order al my oarria'çes and horsea. if they are nf the slightest .use ti yon. and farewell, or rather «I« revoir.' I I heard him humming his favonrite waltz a« he strodi al'ing tho gallery (by the way, tho Very Ghost's Gallery o our childish adventure), and in another tfdnnte hia horse'i lionfe were clattering away "at a gallop into the darkness Whilst I turned round in bed with a weary yawn, and aftei patting Hold's head a compliment wbieb that faitlifu animal returnad by a low growl, for the old dog, thou. 1 staunch and true os ever, was getting very savage now composed myself to cheat a. few moro hours of convalescent in sleep. What a contrait to my friend 1 Weary, wounded and disappointed, I seemed to bave lived my life out, and tc have nothing mere now to hope or to fear. I hod failed ii amhition, 1 hod mode shipwreck In love. ' I was grtjy »nc old in heart, - though as yet young in years ; whilst .Victor, at the aime aire as mvself. nod. all h's future before him glowing; with the sunshine of good health, good spirits, ant prosperity. Let us follow the child of fortune as ho gsllopi over the plain, the cool breath of morning fanning his brow [ and lifting bis clustering bair. ' To a man who is fond of riding - and what Hungarian ii not ?- there is no country ao fascinating as bis own na ti vt Elaina, where he can gallop on milo after milo, hour aftei , oar, over a flat surface, unbroken even bv a molehill, and ar a light sandy soil, just no soft us to afford his horse a pleasanl easy footing, but not deep enough to distress him. Althougl I could never myself .'apprfciate tho ccstatio pleasures of i gallop, or comprehend why there should be a charm about t ' norse that is not possessed by the cow, the giraffe, the hip. I popo tam ns, ? or any other animal of tho larcer order o mammalia, I am not so prejudiced os to bo nnawan that in this respect I am an exception to tho general ran ol I my countrymen. Now, I cannot shut my eyes to the fad that there aro men whose whole thoughts and wishes oenln themselves in .this distinguished quadruped ; who grudge hot to ruin their wives and families for bis sootetv j and who, like the Roman Emperor, make , the Horso the very high- priest of their domestic hearth. Td such I would re- commend a gallop on a hard-puller over the plains ol Hungary. Let'him go ! There is nothing to stop him fur forty miles ; and if you cannot bring him to reason in about a minute and a halt', you must for ever forfeit your claim tc be enrolled amongst the worshipful company nf Uippnilaini to which it seems tho noblest ambition ot aspiring youth to belong. A deacon of the craft was myi'rlend Victor j'niid I really believe he enjoyed a pleasure totally unknowir to the walking biped, as he urged Caspar along'at speed, his tine figure swaying and yielding to every motion of tho bars1.), with a pliancy that, we are informed by those who plquo .themselves on snob ra nt tors, oau only be acquired by If np; years of proa ioe superinduced ou a natural, or us they would .term it, ' beavan-born,' aptitude to excel in tho godlike art. Ko Victor galloped on like Mazeppa, till the dawn ' hud dappled into day ;' and save to light a fresh cigar, gavo Caspar no breathing-timo till tho san was nlovo tho horizon, and the dew-drops en the acaoias glittered like diamonds in the morning lijht. As he quilted tho plains at last, and droppod his rain on his hor-e's neck, while ho walked him slowly up the stony rood that led to tho Walden ? berg, he caught sight of a female figure almost in tho shadow of tho wood, the flutter, of. whoso dress seemed to communicate a corresponding tremor to Victor's hoart The healthy glow paled on bil cheek, arid his pul SOB beat fitfully as ho urged poor Caspar once more into a gallop against the bill, nono the loss energetically that for nearly a milo o turn in tho road bid tho ohjeot of interest from bis sight. What a crowd of thoughts, hopes, doubts, and fears passed through bis mind during , that long milo of uncertainty, which had they resolved themselves Into words, would havo tnkou the following form : ' Can sho have really como hero to meot me, niter all ? Who else would be on the Waldenberg at. tbis.'carly hour? '. What eon l.avo happened?-is it pos- sible that she bas walked all this way on purpose to iee mo alono, if only for flvo minutes, b fore.our chaise begins? Then she loves me, after alli--and yeti she told me herself she was so volatile, so capricious. No, it is impossible 1 - she won't risk so much for me. . And yet it is-it munt be 1 It is just her figure, her walk-bow well I know them. I. havd mUtrustod, I have'misjudged her! sho is, after all, true, loving, and devoted. Obi I will make ber such amends.'' Alas] poor Victor; the lady to whom you aro vowing so deep a fidelity to whom you are so hanny to think you owe so much for ber presence on the wild Walden- berg-is at this moment drinking chocolate in a comfort- able droning-room by a warm stove at loaat ten milos off ; and though y où might, and doubtless would, think her.ex tremely lovoly in that snowy robe de chambre, with its oherryrcoloured ribbons, I question whetlior yon would ap. provo of. the.utter indifference which ber couatennnco dis- plays to alt sublunary things, yourself inoludcd, with tho ex- ception of that very dubious French novel on her knee, which she is perusing, or rather devouring, with moro than mascu- lino avidity. . Better; draw rein .at once, and ride back to Edoldorf, for ono hundred yards more will andccelvo you at the turn round that old oak-troo; and it is no wonder that you pull up in utter dlsbomllturo, and axe'aim aloud in your own Hungarian, and in tones of bitterdisgutt-'.rahal it's only.a Zingynie, after all.'. . ' Only ;0 Zlngyiiie, Count de -Rohan I' replied a dark, msjestio ¿ld woman,, with a frown on ber fine countenance, and a flash in her.'uftrk eye as she placed herself- across the road and confrórftetl tho nslonishod hortcman'; 'only yow father's friend . and^yonr own j only an interpreter of futurity, .who . bas .como; to warn you croit be too late. Turn back, Victor do Rohan, to your own halls nt Edaldorf. I havo read your horóscopo, and it it not good fer you to go on.' . Victor bad by this timo recovorod his good humour j ho forced a few florins into the woman's unwilling hand. . Pro- mise me a good day's Boort, mother 1' ho said, laughingly, 'and lut me go I ought to bo tbcro already.' 'Turn back, roy child, turn ' back," said tho. gipsy; 'I will Bavo you if. lean. Do you know, that .ibero is - danger for yon on tho Waldenborg? Do you know that I -I, who havo hold you in my arms when you were a baby, have walked a-foot all the way. from the Ilanat on pnrpoio to warn you ? Do yon think 1 know not why yon rido hore day nfter day, that you may shoot God's wild animals with that bid old mau ? Ts it purely fof luve of sport, Victor do Roban? Answer me that.' ' . ' : Ho waxed impatient, and drew hit rein tudely from tho woman's grasp. ' ' ' Givoyonr aJvico'when it is asked, mother,' said he,1 and do not delay roo any longer. ' If you want food and shelter, go down to Etteldorf 4. can. wanto no moro time with a chattering old woman hère.' " She was furious ; she'flung tho monoy ho had given her down beneath his horslM feet. Tears rose to her oyes, and her band shook with passion ns she pointed with oirtstrcched arm In the direction of the Waldenburg. 'Ay, go on,''sahl sho, 'go on, and nogket the gipsy's waining till it is too late: Oil I you aro a nobleman and a soldier, nhd you know best; a mun of honour, too, and you, will DO there. Listen to me, once for all, Victor de Itohan, fur 1 loved yon as a baby, and I would save YOU even now, il I could. I slept by tho waters of tho Dannie, and I saw in A vision the ol, I ld I had fondled in my arms fii.'l-gioivn nod hmdrtomo, and arrived at mail's entnto.' ? Ho was drcsio:! ns you «re now, with powder-horn and hunting-knife slung over bl« broad shoulder*, and the rifle that ho set snob storo by, was in bis hand.. Ho spoko kindly and smilingly ns wis hts wool, not angrily ns you did now. Hs was monntod rm a good horse, and I was proud to watch him ride gallantly away with St. Hubert's blessing and my own. Again I saw. him, but this time not alono. Tharo was a. fair and lovoly woman by his side, drcsied In white, and he hung his hoad, and waiko J Hstlossly mid slowly, as though his limbs were fettorod and ho was sore and sick at heart. I could not bear to think the boy I had lovod was no longer freo i and when' he turned his lac« towards mo, it waa palo and sorrowful, and thora was suffering on lila brow. Tuon my .dream changed, and I saw tho Wuldenberg, with Us rugged peaks and ¡ts waving woods,'and tho roar of tho waterfall sounded strange and ominous in tay ears t and thoro wero clouds gathering In the sky, and tho oaglo aoroamod as ho swept by on tho blast, and the rain plashed down lu largo heavy drops, nnd overy,drop scorned to fall ohlll upon my heart. Then I sat mb down, weary and sorrow lui, und I hoard tho measured tread of men, and four noble-looking foresters passed by mr, bearing a body covered with a cloak upon' their shoulder», and ono sittd to tho othor, " Alas, for our master! is It not St. Hubeit's day?" lint a corner of tho cloak fell from the fane of him they carrlod. and 1 knew the palo features, damp with deuth, and tho rlcii brown hali' falling limn across the brow-it waa tho corpso of him whom' I bad i ovednaabtby, and watnhed over qs a man, and \\\ Í;rooned in. my mlsory and awoke.. Oh, my boy, my young landscmo'De Itohan, lum, then, back from the Waldonberg, for the old Zlngtnle's sake. * Nonsense, mother,' repllod Viotor, Impatiently | 'St, Hubert's day ia psst) I crniuot hol|> your bad dreams, or stay hero to prate about them all day. Farawell I mid lot mo go.' He turned bia horao'a hoad from her us ho spoke, and went od'at a gallop, The old gipsy woman looked after him long and wistfully, ai the clatter of his homo's hoofs died away on the atony causoway j, site sat down by tho roadside, hurled her faoe In her cloak, and wept bitterly and passionately i thon abe roso, ploked up the money that lay neglected on tho ground, and took her way dawn the lilli, walking slow omi dejectod, Uko ono who ls ho]>elessly and grlovausfy disappointed, and over mid anon muttorlug'to horsolf, in worda Hint seemed to form oouiothlug batween a curso and a prayer. 