THE RIFLE MATCHES. The matches of the South Australian Rifle Asso ciation will commence to- morrow, and continue from day to day till Monday, November 4, after which the Government prizes will be shot for. It is feared, as we stated on Saturday, that the Governor will be prevented by indisposition from inaugurating the meeting, though it may be hoped that His Excellency will be able to attend before its conclusion. Workmen have been busily engaged for the last few weeks in preparing the butts, the whole of which are now in use, though the long-range mounds of No. 3 are not quite finished. . The range is to be fenced in. Gates are to be placed at various convenient points of approach, and fees will be charged for admission. Mr. W. J. Peterswald will act as umpire, Cap tain Brinkley and Major Douglas being. referees. The markers will be Messrs. Osborne, Beer, and Jackson. The richochet butts will be taken charge of by three soldiers, of the 40th Regiment. The erection of two refreshment booths has been authorized by the Committee. That upon the western side of the butts will be kept by Mr. G. James, of the Norfolk Arms, Rundle-street, and that on the eastern side by Mr. Boothman, of the Rose Inn, Sturt-street. The first match (to-morrow) is for all-comers— prizes £20, £15; and £10. Any rifle may be used, but additional first and second prizes of £10 and £5 will be awarded to competitors using Enfield rifles should the prizes be won by persons using rifles of any other description. There are 336 competitors. The second match (on Wednesday) is for mem bers of the Rifle Association only— prizes £30, £2o, and £10. Any rifle may be used, but additional prizes of £10 and £5 will be awarded on the con ditions mentioned in the first match. The number of entries is 336. The third match (on Thursday next) is for South Australian volunteers only, and no rifle may be used except the Enfield. Prizes, £20 with Mr. Davis's silver cup, £20, £15, and Mr. S. Wrurht's field-glass. 341 volunteers have entered for this match. The fourth match (on Friday next) is open to all volunteers and members of the Association, and there is no restriction with regard to the rifle. The first prize is the Ladies' Silver Cup, valued at a hundred guineas, which has for some time been exhibited in tne shop of Mr. Wendt in Rundle street; second prize, twenty guineas; third prize, the Hon. A. Scott's Terry rifle. Additional prizes of £10 and £5 will be awarded on the conditions named in the first match. The number of entries is 324. The above are all the matches for which entries could be taken, and the number of persons who have given in their names as competitors is 367, most of whom have entered for all the matches, though many, of course, were unable to do so. The following companies are represented :— Glen Osmond and Mitcham Rifles, First Adelaide Rifles, Adelaide lliflcs, Free Rifles, Glenelg Rifles, Brighton Rifles, 40th Regiment, Cadet Rifles, Eastern Suburban Rifles, Finniss Vale Rifles, Gumeracha Rifles, Robe Town Rifles, Angaston Rifles, Kapunda Rifles, West Adelaide Rifles, First Gawler Rifles, Willunga Rifles, Munno Para East Rifles, Second Gawler Rifles, Strathalbyn Rifles, Reedbeds Cavalry, Adelaide Artillery, Noarlunga Rifles, Port Rifles, Sturt and Brighton Rifles, Nuriootpa and Greenock Rifles, Virginia Rifles, Macclesfield Rifles, Finniss Vale Rifles, Lyndoch Valley Rifles. Milang Rifles, Langhorne's Creek Rifles, Port Artillery, Nairne Rifles, Maclaren Vale Rifles. Mount Barker Rifles, Woodside Rifles, Teatree Gully Rifles, Balhannah Rifles, Kapunda Mine Rifles, Port Elliot Rifles, Salisbury Rifles, Gawler Rifles— 43 corps in all. We subjoin the list of competitors, arranged in squads for firing.. The numbers following the names indicate the matches for which the person has entered. When no number is given, it will be understood that he has entered for all the matches:— No. 1 Squad. Butt No. l.— (Nos. 1 to 20.) Sir R. G. MacDonnell ; A. L. Fullarton, Glen Osmond and Mitcham ; T. W. Mitchell, First Adelaide; G. A. Matthews, ditto; C. Mann, Adelaide; J. Mann, ditto; J. H. Barrow, Free Rifles ; J. Morphett, Captain, Glenelg ; F. Rymill. Adelaide; F. R. Ayers. Free Rifles; C. W. Draper. Adelaide; J. Niall, Captain, Brighton; W. Hill, First Adelaide: J. A. North more, ditto; W. Younghusband, Captain, Ade laide; S. Tomkinson, ditto; J. T. Shawyer, Lieut tenant, First Adelaide; F. Blyth, Captain and Colonel V. M. F., 40th Regiment; W. Milne, Captain, Glen Osmond and Mitcham; — Blunt, First Adelaide. Butt No. 2.— (JNos. 21 to 40.) J. lieeby, First Adelaide ; T. C. Just, Captain, Cadet ; G. C. Hawker, Adelaide: J. Smythe, First Adelaide; E. Balk, ditto; W. Wincey, ditto; J. , Osborne, Eastern Suburban; J. B. Bull, Finniss Vale; —Feather stone, Lieutenant, Brighton; G. W. Chinner, ditto (2, 3, 4); Thos. Richards, ditto; W. Jameson, ditto A. Brown, ditto; S. Allnutt, Captain, Gumeracha; R. Johnson, ditto;. J. Monfries, ditto; Alfred Samson, ditto; M. Brinkley, Captain, First Ade laide; J. Linde, ditto; Johnson, ditto. Butt No. 3.— (Nos. 41 to 60.) J. Boothby, Ade laide; W. J. Fullarton, ditto; —Walker, Captain. Robe Town; J. Ekers., ditto: J. Evans, ditto; D. A. Campbell, ditto; P. Warburton, Captain, An gaston; Thomas Radford, ditto; J. Ridgeway, ditto; Thos. R. Jones, Adelaide; M. H. Blood, Kapunda; J. Mullen, Lieut., ditto; James Crase, ditto; W. Anderson, ditto (1); W. Hawke, ditto; W. Nicholson, ditto ; — Egerton, Captain, ditto; W. Lewis, ditto (1, 3); R. Day, ditto; W. H. Benham ditto. No. 2 Squad. Butt No. 1.— (61 to 80.) J. Pollard, Kapunda; — Tucklield, Lieutenant, ditto; W.C. Oldham, ditto; S. Keen, ditto (1, 2, 3): J. Small, ditto; R. E. Fry, ditto; T. V. Moyle, ditto; J. Blood, ditto; B. T. Finniss, Lieutenant-Colonel, V.M.F.; G. Morris, Gumeracha; J. W. Lewis, Lieutenant, Adelaide; R. Blackham. ditto; E. S. Davys, ditto: W. A. Cawthorne, Lieutenant, West Adelaide; W. Blinman, ditto; J. Bagshaw, ditto; — Tunbridge, ditto; John Mellor, ditto; A. Addison, ditto; Henry Broadbent, ditto. Butt No. 2.-(Nos. 81 to 100.) G. Mayo, Captain, West Adelaide; F. Turner, Captain, First Gawler; — Douglas, Lieutenant, ditto; Loutit, Lieutenant, ditto ; — Nott, ditto; C. Fenn, Free Rifles (1, 2, 4); W. Bickford, Adelaide ; T. W. Bee, ditto; N. Blyth, ditto (1, 2, 3); Thos. Atkinson, Captain, Willunga; H. Malpas, ditto ; J. Galpin, ditto; J. Allen, ditto;, F. Giddens, ditto; E. Rowlands, ditto; J. Atkinson, ditto; J. Rowlands, ditto; A. Heath, Free Rifles; E. Heath, ditto; J. Colton, ditto. Butt No. 3.-(Nos. 101 to 120.) W. H. Trimmer, Captain, Free Rifles (1, 2); W. M. Dickinson, Angaston; F. Hasluck, First Adelaide; E. T. Smith, Free Rifles; H. T. Morris, ditto; W. F. Cully, First Adelaide; J. R. Cully, West Adelaide ; C. C. Gooden, Eastern Suburban; T. Shoobridge, Lieutenant, Cadet; J. H. Clarke, Lieutenant, Ade laide ; W. Paterson, Munno Para East ; — Gregory Lieutenant, Second Gawler; W. Baker, Eastern Suburban; W. Gosling, Strathalbyn; — Cozen, ditto; R. Trenouth, ditto; W. Colman, sen., ditto (2,3, 4) , Christ0pher Coleman, ditto ; E. Starke, ditto; J. Starke, Lieuteuant, ditto. No. 3 Squad. Butt No. l.-(Nos. 121 to 140.) —Ferguson, Captain, Reedbeds Cavalry; S. White, ditto; W. Bundey, ditto; Chas. White, ditto; — Hambidge, First Adelaide; — Heames, ditto; J. H. Biggs. Captain and Staff Adjutant, V. M. F. : C. Hill, Adelaide Artillery; St. Jagoe Mudge, Noarlunga; B. Rush, Gumeracha; D. Mahnke (1, 2, 4); R. Searle, Eastern Suburban; W. Goode. ditto; R Burgess, ditto (3); W. E. Roberts, ditto: W. Barnes, , ditto (2, 3, 4); A. Day, ditto (1, 3); Henry Cohen, ditto (1); J. Wells, Eastern Suburban; Babbage, Lieutenant, ditto (2, 3). Butt No. 2, (Nos. 141 to 160). Samuel Toms, Eastern Suburban: E. Jones, Free Rifles; P. H. Burden, ditto; W. R. Wigley. Lieutenant, Glenelg; E. A. Wright, ditto ; T. P. Jones, Reedbeds Cavalry D. Davie, Glenelg; F. Ragless, Reedbeds Cavalry : — Lucas, Lieutenant 40th Regiment; R. Paterson, Lieutenant, Munno Para East; Hugh McLean, ditto; E. Harvey, ditto; J. S. Harvey, ditto (1, 3); W. K. Thomas, Lieutenant, First Adelaide ; J. A . Cayley ditto; A. H. Beyer, ditto; D. Bebee, ditto; H. Norman, Beedbeds Cavalry; A. Silver, First Ade laide (3); J. Kentish, ditto. Butt No. 3- (Nos. 161 to 180.) E. W. Dewhirst, First Adelaide; J.F. Roberts, ditto; J. Nimmo West Adelaide; E.F. Titt (1,3,4); Singleton, ditto (1, 2,4): A. S. Clarke. Adelaide (3); W. Row- land, ditto; W. P. Auld, Free Rifles (1, 3, 4); J. A. Cramond, Adelaide; W.Longbottom, Free Rifles (1, 2, 4); G. Donaldson, Adelaide: J. W. Bull, Lieutenant, Glen Osmond and Mitcham; — Wee (denbach, ditto.; P. A. Murray, ditto; A. Murray ditto; Heritage, dltto; -Lechford; ditto- - Calf (1); -Everett, ditto; W. White, Free Rifles. No. 4 Squad. Butt No. 1 -(Nos. 181 to 200.) H. Strother, Free rifles; W. Wadham, ditt0; R. Kay, Adelaide (2, 3, 4); R.R. Benham, ditto; - Holthouse, ditto? - Prince, Glen Osmond and Mitcham; S. Lower, First Adelaide; Josiah Williams, Reedbeds Cavalry ; J.D. Sutherland, Lieutenant, Free Rifles; Otto von Einem, Eastern Suburban (1, 2, 3); J Grey, ditto; J. Martin, First Adelaide; J. Whiting, (1,2,3);W. H. Nalder, Melbourne (1, 2, 4); R. G. Haining, Adelaide (1. 2,3); T. E. Acraman, Eastern Suburban; J. G. Anderson, ditto; J. Moody, ditto; W. Ey, ditto; J. McCoul, ditto. Butt No. 2.-(Nos. 201 to 220.) W. R. Lambell, First Adelaide;- Sells, Sergeant, 40th Regiment (1, 2, 4); — Cooksly, ditto (1, 2, 4); — Elvin, ditto (2, 4); - Hearne, ditto (2, 4); - Limkin?, ditto (2, 4); — Sheridan, ditto (1, 2, 4); - Thompson, ditto (1, 2, 4); — Usher, ditto (2, 4); ??? ditto; (1, 2, 4); R. B. Hale, Port Rifles; F. Reynolds, ditto; T. Page, ditto (1, 3); W. Reynolds, ditto; R. S. Scott, ditto; A Buttfleld, Munno Para East; J. Hogarth, ditto; W. Hogarth, ditto; G. Scholar, ditto; Thomas Harston, ditto. Butt No. 3.— (Nos. 221 to 240.) — Whitby?, First Adelaide; E. Knowling, Eastern Suburban (2,3); R. B. Smith, Sturt and Brighton ; J. M. Anderson Adelaide; A. Forster, ditto; E. Meyer, ditto; H. F A. Kruger, Captain, Nuriootpa and Greenock ; H Frauenfield, ditto; M. Rosenfeldt, ditto; James Cumming, Adelaide (4); T. D. Smeaton (1,2); C. J. Penny (1);— Sellar, Captain, Eastern Suburban ; G. R., Mudge, Noarlunga; R. McCord, Captain Virginia ; James McCord, ditto ; Gustavus McCord, ditto; R. Sutton, ditto; Johnson Carson, ditto;_ John Carson, ditto. No. 5 Squad. Butt No. l.-(Nos. 241 to 260.) E. Austin, Cap tain, Macclesfield; J. H. Coleman, Lieutenant, ditto; L. Kepert, ditto; M. Linn, ditto; H. Ed wards, Brighton; J. A. Wilson, Adelaide; C. S. Poole, ditto ;T. Flett, ditto ; J. C. Leonard, Finniss Vale (1,2,3); John Watson, ditto; J. Morcom, West Adelaide; Thomas Winton, Captain, Lyndoch Valley; W. Seims, ditto; W. Johns; ditto; Henry Lawes, ditto; M. Rankine, Captain, Milang; P. Pavy, ditto; A. Pavy, ditto; James Rankine, ditto; Thomas Graham, ditto. Butt No. 2.-(Nos. 261 to 280.) H. Balls?, Milang ; A. Kemp, ditto; B. Pavy, ditto; John Rankine, ditto; A. H. Landseer, ditto; W. R. Dunk, ditto; — Beck, Reeebeds Cavalry; W. Dryer, ditto; E. Hector, Langhorne's Creek; W. Leaver, First Ade laide; Lloyd Herbert, Captain, Strathalbyn; W. Kirkham, ditto: W. O. M. Finniss, Eastern Suburban; — Wedemeyer, First Adelaide; F. Platta, Adelaide (3); Dr. Walker (1, 2, 4); W. F. Loutit, First Gawler: David Wald, Port Artillery; G. Willis, Finniss Vale; Henry Tidy, Nairne. Butt No. 3.- (281 to 300.) B. J. McCarthy, West Adelaide (1); — Snoswell, Lieutenant, Willunga; — Malcolm, ditto; W. McMinn, Adelaide; W. Rankine (1, 2, 4); A. Rankine. Milang (2, 3, 4); W. J. Francis (1); J. H. E. Ghee (1); W. Hosken, Sturt and Brighton; T. W. Chalk, ditto; E. Hum phris, Lieutenant, Maclaren Vale; — Bonnar, Captain, Mount Barker; Thomas Paltridge, Lieu tenant, ditto; John Waddell, ditto; James Wad dell, ditto; G. Gray, ditto; G. Searle, Reedbeds Cavalry; J. Peering, ditto; B, Marchant, ditto, No. 6 Squad. Butt No, 1.— (Nos. 301 to 320.) — Haldane, Second Gawler; — Popham, Capuin, ditto; G. S. Kingston, Lieutenant, First Adelaide (1); D. Burton, Captain, Sturt and Brighton : C. Sergeant, ditto; F. R Burton, ditto; R. F. Burton, ditto; J. Sergeant, ditto ; A. R. Preston, ditto ; W. Christie, ditto; W. Fabian, ditto (3); John Kelly, ditto (3); G. A. Fesenmeyer, Adelaide (1) ; C. Dutton, ditto , (3); Thomas T'hurston, West Adelaide (2, 3,); J. M. Bailey, Sturt and Brighton; Royston Robers, Angaston (2, 3); Thomas Roberts (2, 3); Mr. Low, (1); W. H. Bundey, Captain, Woodside. Butt No. 2.-(Nos. 321 to 340.) H. Esau, Wood side; R. Ray, ditto; R. Shillabeer, Munno Para East: J. C. Hawker (1, 2, 4); W. Vincent, Sturt and Brighton (3); T. V. Chambers, First Adelaide; A. James, ditto; W. Waldy, ditto (3); J. Caskey, ditto; J. Clarke, Noarlunga; H. F. Leader, First Adelaide (1, 3); J. Bansgrove, ditto, (1, 3); H. B. T. Strangways (1,2,4): P. White, Virginia (1); E. Barnett, Teatree Gully (1) ; M O'Connell, West Adelaide (1, 3) ; C. Merritt, ditto (1, 3) ; E. McGee, ditto; J. Ferry, Balhannah; A. G. Johnston, ditto. ' Butt No. 3-(Nos. 341 to 367.) J. Bolitho, Cap tain, Maclaren Vale; F. Manning, Lieutenant, Noarlunga: J. Fletcher, ditto; E. Hardy, Port Artillery: W. Oldham, Captain, Kapunda Mine; F. F. Oldham, Lieutenant, ditto (1, 2, 3); Henry Stork, ditto (2); W.Jeffs, ditto; A. L. Jackson, ditto; H. Corne, ditto (2); J. Bennetts, ditto (1, 3); W. Blackwell, ditto (1, 3) ; Charles Holloway, Mac desfield; W. Dent, Port Elliot (2, 3, 4); S. Trigg, ditto (2, 3, 4); T. Mayfield, ditto (2, 3, 4); James Trigg, ditto (2, 3, 4); B. M Perryman, Eastern Suburban (2); M. Burt, Salisbury (1); Thos. Reid, ditto; Thomas Matthews, ditto; H. J. C. Harri son, Gawler; I. Swart, Teatree Gully (1); W. Haines, jun., ditto (1); G. F. Wyatt, First Ade laide; J. M. Mitchell, Glenelg (1, 3); F. B. Carlin, First Adelaide (2). The Association has announced two more matches, to follow those for which the entries hare been taken, viz. :— Fifth Match.— For the British Rifle Association's Silver Medal, to be shot for by those who have won prizes in the four preceding matches, and the five competitors in each match who have gained the highest score next to those who have gained prizes, being also members of the Rifle Association. Any rifle may be used : but extra prizes will be awarded if needful, as in the first match. Sixth Match.— Consolation Stakes (on Monday, November 4-— For Capt Younghusband's Westley Richards's breech-loader, with 1,000 rounds of am munition, and the Hon. H. Ayers's silver telescope drinking cup, with five guineas. To be shot for by the five competitors in matches Nos. 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5 who have made the highest scores in each match next to those who gained prizes. Any rifle to be used. . This concludes the Rifle Association's pro \- gramme, full particulars of which have been advertised. The competitors will five in squads of twenty at the Butts in the order in which their entries have been made and numbered on their receipts. The firing will be from the east in the morning, and from the west in the afternoon, at all distances up to 600 yards inclusive. The firing parties should be on the ground at least 20 minutes before the hour fixed for firing. The roll will be called over at the hour named for each squad, and competitors not then present and answering when their number on the roll is called over will be precluded from taking part in the match. In all matches to be fired under the sanction of the South Australian Rifle Association the fol lowing rules shall be adhered to : — Description of Rifle.— No rifle to exceed 10 lbs. weight. The minimum pull of trigger to be 3 lbs. No hair-trigger, shades, or magnifying sights will be allowed ; but no objection will be raised to gold lines or any other similar modification of the fore and back sights. The successful competitor must hand over his rifle immediately at the close of the match to the umpire appointed by the Committee to examine the same. Sizes of Targets.— For the second match, to be 6 feet by 4 feet; in all other matches the targets to be of the same size as used at the Hythe School of Musketry. Shooting Position.— At and up to 300 yards, standing; above 300 yards, kneeling, sitting, or any other position, provided no artificial support be used. (N.B.— The use of the sling not consi dered an artificial support.) Ties. — When the total scores of two or more competitors are equal, the man who has made the greatest number of hits will be declared the winner. When the number of hits and amount of scores are equal, the ties must be shot off at the longest range. In all cases not otherwise provided for, the rules and regulations of the British National Rille As sociation, at the yearly meeting for the distri bution of prizes at Wimbledon, will be adhered to. Competitors using Enfieid rifles can either use their own ammunition or may purchase it on the ground. The same rifle must be used throughout each match. Volunteers competing in the third match must appear in uniform. On the termination of the Rifle Association's matches a number of Government prizes will be shot for by volunteers who have become 1st and 2nd class shots at the rifle classification for the year 1860-61. The prizes for marksmen and first class shots are, first, a gold medal and £60; second, £50: third, £40; fourth. £30; fifth to eighth, an Enfield rifle each. The prizes for second class shots are, first, a silver medal and £25; second, £20; third, £10; fifth and sixth, an Enfield rifle each. The rules require the Government weapon to be used, and without shades or magnifying sights. Each trigger must have a minimum pull of 3 lbs. Any position in firing will be allowed. All com petitors must be in uniform. The remaining details connected with the Go vernment matches have been advertised. We subjoin the entries in the order of firing: — Eastern Suburlian Rifles.— First Class— Captain Bellar, Corporal Weir, Privates Starnes, Baker, Wells, Anderson, and Goode. Second Class Lieutenant Babbage, Privates Gray, Toms, Searle, Burgess, Roberts, Osborne, Knowling, and Furniss. First Adelaide Rifles.— Lieutenants Thomas and Lower, Sergeants Wedemeyer and Beeby, Cor porals Hill and Moody, Privates Dewhirst, Blunt, Hasluck, Hambidge, Heanes, Wincey, Whiting, S. Lower, and Linde. Second Class— Lieutenants Shawyer and Kingston, Corporals Johnston and Leaver, Privates Martin, D. Bebee, Chambers, F. Roberts, Northmore, Whitby, Matthews, F. Culley, Lambell. Caskey, Waldie. Scott, Kentish, and Benda, and Corporal Carlin. West Adelaide Rifles.— First Class-Captain Mayo, Lieutenant Mellor, Sergeant Broadbent Privates Thurston and Ralph. Second Class— Lieutenant Gawthorne, Corporals Bagshaw and Blinman, Privates Haverland, Daniels, Bennett and J. R. Culley, and Sergeant Titt. Reedbeds Cavalry. — First Class— Trooper C. White, Trumpeter S. White, Trooper Merchant Captain Ferguson, Sergeant Beck, Corporal Jones, Troopers H. Matthews, C. M. Pearson, Thomas Blinman, Josiah Williams, Win. Bundey, George Searle and Wm. Dreyer. Second Class— Troopers H. Norman, J. F. Ragless, Bolt, Hemmingway, aud Prettyjohn. No. 1. Brighton Rifles.— First Class— Captain Niall, Lieutenant Featherstone, Privates Alfred Brown, Thomas Filmer, Henry Edwards, William Jemson, Thomas Richards, and John Dorman. Sturt and Brighton Rifles.— First Class— Captain Burton, Lieutenant Bailey, Sergeant Attersoll, Corporal C. Sargeant, Privates F. R, Burton, W. Fabian, T. Sargeant T. Kelly, W. Edwards, T. Turner, R. Richards, W. Vincent J. Palmer, T. W. Chalk, J. Lucas, A. R. Preston, W. Christie, and Hoskin. Second Class— Privates T. Cocking, H. Edwards, Schmidt McGowan, R. F. Burton, Schultz, and Reynolds. Angaston Rifles.— First Class— Captain Warbur ton, Sergeant Radford, Privates Dickenson, R. Roberts, Thos. Roberts, and T. Ridgeway?. Smithfield Rifles.— First Class— Captain Garlick, Privates P. Roland, Roberts, and J. M. Smith. Gumeracha Rifles. First Class— Captain Allnutt, Lieutenant Johnson, Sergeant Monfries, Privates A. Lawson, Morris, and Burford. Second Class Private A. Rush. Goolwa Rifles.— First Class— Lieutenant Ray, Private F. Price. Virginia Rifles.— First Class— Captain McCord, Privates J. Carson, Robert Carson, R. Sutton, C. Donaldson, E. Donaldson, and J. Saint. Second Class— Privates J. Carson, F. Saint, G. McCord, Jonathan Carson, C. Burden, H. White, W. McCord, and D. J. Strongman, Corporal J. McCord, Lieutenant J. Bradshaw. Gawler Rifles.— First Class— Captain Popham, Sergeant Haldane, Lieutenant Gregory. Second Class— Private H. J. C. Harrison, Lieut Ogilvie, Sergeant Walker, Privates Dorman, Wesemeyer, Lindow, and Austen. Robe Town Rifles.-Second Class-Private John Ekers. Salisbury Rifles.— First Class— Privates Burt and Loades. Second Class- Corporal Reid, Privates T. Reid, J. Wauchope, Mattnews, sen., and Mat thews, jun. Munno Para East Rifles.— First Class— Corporal S. Shillabeer, Privates H. McLean, E. Harvey, and W. Patterson. Second Class— Captain A. Buttfield, Lieutenant Patterson, Privates G. Scanlan, A. Adams, J. Buttfield, G. Bald, and G. Hogarth. Woodside Rifles.— Privates R. Hay and H. Esau. Glen Osmond and Mitcham Rifles.— First Class —Captain Milne, Sergeant-Major Letchford, Pri vate P. A. Murray. Second Class— Privates A. Murray and Everett. Lieutenant Heritage and Private Prince. Finniss Vale Rifles.— First Class— Privates G. Willis and J. Watson. Second Class— Captain Randall and Private J. C. Leonard. Port Elliot Rifles.— First Class— Privates Samuel Trigg and William Dent. Second Class— Privates John Mayfield and John Trigg. Willunga Rifles.— First Class —Lieutenant J. Snoswell, Sergeant Alexander Malcolm, Private J. Atkinson. Second Class— Captain Atkinson, Privates H. Malpas, E. Rowland, J. Galpin, B. Butterworth. F. Giddens, J. Allen, and S.Bastian. \- Kapunda Rifles.— First Class-Captain Egerton, Lieutenants Tuckfield .and Alulfen, Oorporal Sollard, Private SnialL ' Second Class-Sergeant awke. Corporals Blood and Tnverton, Sergeant Day, Privates R. E. Fry, Nicholson, and Orabert. Kapunda Aline Rifles.— Fust ClassSergeant Major Jetis. Second Class— Lieutenants. W. U Oldham, H. Stock, and J. F. Oldham. Cadet Rifles.— Second Class— Lieutenant Shoo bridge. Glenelg Rifles.— Captain Alorphett*. Sergeant Major Hodges', Sergeants Davie* and Soale*, Pri vates E. A. Wright*. Russell sen.*, andCresswell . Alilang Rifles.— First Class— Captain Ranlone, Lieutenant Pavy, Privates Kemp, Landseer, AL Sankine, J. Bankine, A. Pavy, B. Pavy, Graham, Dunk. Second Class— Sergeant Pomeroy, Private Balls. ? Alaclaren Vale Rifles.— First Class— Private Henry Elliott. Second Class— Captain Bolitho, Lieutenant Humphris. Balhannah Rifles.— First Class— Captain John Eton, Corporal J. Ferry. Strathalbyn Rifles.— First Class^Captain Her bert, Privates Bosisto, Stark, Trenoutb, and Sunter, Corporal Cosens. Second Class— Lieutenant Stark, Privates C. Coleiuan, McFarlane, Kirkham, Joyce. Flemming, Thomas, and Rankine. Alacclesfield Rifles.— Captain Austin*. Sergeant Harris*, Privates L. Kepert*, J. H. Colemau*. C. Holloway*, and AI. Linn'*. First Gawler Rifles.— First Class— Lieutenant Douglas. Second Class— Captain Turner, Sergeant T, O. Jones, Corporal Nott, Privates H. C. Bright and W, Lewis. , , n Port Adelaide Rifles.— Second Olass-Captain Addison, Lieutenant Page', Privates Hiles\ E. Hardy, and W. Porter. First Class— Privates Hale, James Scott Macnamara, and Reynolds. ? ? Adelaide Rifles— First Class— Lieutenant- Colonel Pinniss, Captain Younghuiband. Lieutenant Clark, Sergeant Branttiwaite, Privates Roland, Hawker, Kay, Anderson, Bee, Poole, Holthouse, and Jones. Second Class— Privates dimming, Caldicott, PUtts, J. S. O'Halloran, RymiU, J. G. Boothby, Pwper, Donaldson, gtodart, TonUausQu, Wilson, 3avys, C. Alann, Cramond, ' Flett, Benhara,1 G. button, and G. W. O'Halloran. Nairne Rifles.— Private H. Tidy*. Lyndoch Valley Rifles.— Lieutenant Siems*, and Private Lawes*. Alount Barker Rifles.— First Class— Lieutenant Paltridge, Privates John Waddell, W. Hamlyn, ind Archibald Little. Second Class— G. Gray, T. Waddle, J. Bonnar, and J. Little. Noarlunga Rifles. — First Class — Lieutenant Manning, Sergeant J. Fletcher. Second Class — Krivates Jas. Clarke and J. St John Mudge. An asterisk (*) placed against any candidate's name indicates that we have not been able to ascertain the class for which he lias entered. We understand that in the course of last week the entrance-money was tendered to one of the Staff-Oflicers for some of the first and second class marksmen of the Free Rifle Corps, and re fused. It was in consequence of this, we presume, that, on Thursday last m the House of Assembly, Mr. Sutherland asked the Treasurer ' whether it was true that the Government had refused to allow the members of the Free Rifle Corps to com pete at the forthcoming rifle matches.' The Question was not answered at the time, and Mr. Sutherland gave notice that on the following diy lie would 'call the attention of the Hon. the Treasurer (Air. Reynolds) to the action taken. by the Stan' Oflice in refusing to allow the Free Rifles to compete for the public prizes at the forth coming rifle matches; and move— 'That the Free Rifle Corps are fully entitled to compete for such prizes.' ' It happened that the House was counted out without Air. Sutherland having had an opportunity of putting his question, which, as the Assembly stands adjourned till November 5, can hardly now be answered in time to effect the hon. member's purpose. The rule of the Government matches has the effect of excluding Lieutenant Sutherland, who, as a South Australian volunteer, won the champion cup at Melbourne; and it would, also, were he here, exclude Air. AlacFarlane, the only Australian volunteer who competed at the late rifle matches in England. It must be understood, however, that the exclusion extends alone to the Government matches, in which the use of the Enfieid rifle is insisted upon, and which are open only to those who have classified with that weapon. The Free Rifles use the Terry breech-loader, and cannot, therefore, classify among the other companies, but they are eligible to compete at the South Austra lian Rifle Association's meeting, as Lieutenant Sutherland and Air. AlacFarlane did at similar meetings in Victoria and England. Rifle Match. — A match between six members of the Adelaide Rifles and an equal nunil-er of the First Adelaide Rifles came off at the No. 1 Butt on Saturday morning, the2*jth inst. The weather was tine, but the state of the atmosphere very deceiving. At the two first distances the First Adelaides were much deceived by the rico chet-marker hoisting his flag for the misses— whether high or low. Owing to this cause they scored very few hits at the ('00 yards range. This raised the hopes of the Adelaide Rifles to obtain the victory, but they were doomed to disappoint ment as their opponents gained on them at the SOO yards range— winning by two points. Sub joined is the score : — First Adelaide Rifles. 400 600 800 Tnfol yds. yds. yds.lotal Lieutenant Shawyer ? «i 0 3 9 Sergeant Beeby ? 0 2 1 9 Corporal Johnson ? 8 3 2 13 Hill ? 7 4 3 14 Private Whitby. ? 4 2 5 11 Blunt ... ' ? 8 4 3 15 Total ? 71 Adelaide Rifles. 400 GOO 600 T . ., yds. yds. yds.lotal Captain Younghusband ? 5 7 3 15 Lieutenant Clark ? 5 4 0 9 Private Bickford ? (- 4 2 12 Draper ? (j 2 3 11 Hawker ? 6 3 2 11 Ryinill ? ... 7 4 0 11 Total ? 09 The Kapu-t)a Institute. — The follow ing is the Committee's report of the Kapunda Institute:— 'The Committee of the Kapunda In stitute take this opportunity of presenting a brief outline of its affaire, and in so doin' they believe they are only performing a part of that duty de volving upon them at the present time as the Com mittee of a public Institution. They assert that the Institution is open to all, without restriction, ujwn the usual payment viz., 5s. per quarter, pay able in advance, upon which they are entitled to the use of library, access to the lectures, a voice in its government and are eligible as candidates to the Directorship at the half-yearly meeting, held in June and December of each year. At the last general meeting many important matters were brought under their consideration, viz., changing the number of the Working Committee (which, suffice it to say, has been found to work more bene ficially); obtaining of lectures upon various sul-- jects of an amusing and yet instructive a character as possible; selecting and purchasing of such new books of a popular kind, yet useful in matter, and withdrawing those deeined worthless; changing the site of the Institute to one more central ; the formation of an essay class; and they are glad to report that in each some degree of success has attended their efforts. In the department of lectures they have hitherto had considerable difficulty to obtain any. Now, through the aid of the central Institute, and the coopera tion of others, they believe that the necessary influence will be maintained in that department, as they are able to announce lectures for some nine to twelve months to come. From the list, as furnished by the central Institute, they have chosen gentlemen to lecture upon very amusing and instructive subjects, to be delivered in the hrst month in each quarter. They are— G. F. Angas, Esq., on 'Sea Shells,' and the Rev. R. Russell, pn 'Ghosts;' Captain Needham, on 'Knights of Old;' and the Rev. W. Harcus, on ' Genius under Difficulties,' as exemplified in the character of the late Air. George Stenhenson; the intervening months by local or other aid, as the case may be. The first of these lectures has been delivered, though not to so numerous an audience as the Committee could wish, for each lecture is attended with considerable expense. Essays— The Com mittee, having in view the modesty or diffidence which characterizes many of the members, which prevents them from delivering lectures, have thought it desirable to form an essay class, and several members have commenced their operations by giving in their names, with a subject; and, should no great success attend their eftorts, they believe good will arise from the confidence they will gain in sinking, and correctness in their writings, which will crown each eflort. Books— The Committee are glad to say they have been able, within the last few weeks, to add 50 additional volumes of new books of a very superior jet popular kind, at a cost of about £17. -these volumes, with those of the central Institute, form an addition of 100 volumes for circulation over last quarter. Library, now comprising 5-!0 volumes, consists as follows:— Poetry, IS; sciences, 25; fiction, 214; biography and history, ICO; narrative and essay, t54; religion, 49; and books of reference, 30\. The weekly circulation is 40. The Committee purpose sending to England for £20 to £30 worth more if the funds permit; further, they take this opportunity of saying they would not reject but gladly accept any donation that might be offered. Removing the Institute has been long under their consideration, and they believe its removal to the main street or as nearly thereto as possible, to be most desirable; consequently the Sub-Committee, as appomt&d;, have obtained a knowledge of the various allotments with their prices, which will be brought before the next general meeting of the memi-crs. Owing to the difficulty of establishing the Institute, a mortgage was obliged to lie obtained upon the present building, which lias entailed a liability of £21 per annum; bu now that tlie Institute is virtually out o debt and the general opinion being, against its present site, the Committee feel desirous of re moving it as early as possible to the most suitable spot and in which thoy would gladly accept the offer or services of any presont Members— ine number now on the books is 87, of winch 53 have paid for the present quarter, being 16 over the past quarter; ami, in order that the Committee may be enabled to discharge the various incidental am periodical accounts (which consist of about £-0 per annum, and consists as follows :— Alanagement £20; Building Society, £20 16s.; magazines and daily papers, £10; sundries £10 to £15), and to carry out this object they splicit fresh members, and punctual pavment by members now enrolled on the books. The last annual soiree was neldoii Alonday, the 19th August last in this room. The number then present far exceeded the most san guine expectationslof its promoters. The lecture, delivered by J. H. Clark, Esq., was, befitting the occasion, of a laughable and amusing description. The local amateur musiciacs, whose gratuitous ser vices were most cheerfully rendered, added ma terially to render the evening a pleasing one, as also the beautiful manner in wnich the room was decorated bv the members of the Institute, and gracefully adorned by the presence and nobly sup ported by the ladies, and strengthened by the gi: of an excellent tea, which promises to stimulate all to creater exertions for the next.' Terrific Thunderstorm and Destruction of Crops.— A correspondent says:— 'Wed- nesday, October 23, 1861, will be a day long re membered by the inhabitants of the Lower Light. About 5 o'clock on the afternoon of that day a thunderstorm of the most terrific kind broke upon us, accompanied with a tremendous hurricane, and hailstones of an enormous size. Half an hour was sufficient in those localities where the fury of the storm was greatest to entirely destroy the twelve months' labours of the farmer, together with the hopes and anticipations which the present favour able season had engendered. If the wheat had been merely prostrated there would have been some hopes of a partial harvest; but the hail having entirely severed almost every stalk, the crop, of course, is totally valueless. By this calamitous event it is to be feared that some of those settlers whose crops were in the line of march of the storm, and who will feel it more from the fact of having just passed through the trying ordeal of several successive dry seasons, will be ruined, as there is not sufficient left on the fields for seed. In fact, one farmer told me that if he were to run the machine over a section which he had cropped with wheat he believed he should not realize a bushel off the whole; but that from a paddock of ten acres, situated a short distance away, it was possible he might get a bag. Fortu nately the devastating influences of this tornado, so far as I have heard, were restricted, being con fined to about five miles of country, and that for the most part kept for grazing purposes. Among the greatest sufferers I have heard I may mention Cooper Brothers (120 acres), Smith (40 acres), Wilson (70 acres), Ritchie (45 acres), all of which is competely destroyed. There are also many others whose crops have suffered considerable in jury but who will be able to realize sufficient for seed and home consumption. I have not heard that any cattle were destroyed, although they must have sustained some severe bruises. The poultry were not so fortunate, the hail having created sad havoc with those who were unable to seek a place of shelter soon enough. The kangaroo-rats, which swarm in numbers on the plain, were driven out of their holes, the water having completely covered the face of the country in a few minutes, and they were to be seen running about without home or habitation. I believe more rain fell in that half hour than has fallen all the winter. Gum Creek, which has not run before for three years, was bank high. The windows facing the storm were all broken, and the trees will long retain the scars in flicted by the hailstones. On the 23rd October. 1861, the crashing peals of thunder, the incessant and vivid flashes of lightning, the severity of the hail and rain, and the fury of the gale, conspired to produce a solemn grandeur which made man feel his insignifiancy; and there were not wanting those who believed that the final consummation of all things was at hand. 