A VERITABLE " GHOST STORY.» "Is tho moni h of September, 1857, Cnptahi, 0--?-. \y--t of tho Gth (fiiniskilUn) Dragoons,wont ont to India to join his regiment. :.: .*- ?" "His wife reimiined in England, residing' ot Cam bridge. On tho night between the l-l th mid'loth of Ko vember, 1854, towards morning, she dreamed Hint »ho saw lier husband, looking anxious. and ill-upon wiiioh sho immediately awoko, much agitated. It wns bright" moonlight ;' and looking up, sho perceived tho saino figuro standing, by her bedside.. Ito appeared in his uniform, thu limul pressed against his breast, tho hair disliovclled, tho fuco.vcry palo. Iiis largo dark eyes were fixed full upon her ¡ their expression wns that of great excitement, and thorp was a peculiar contraction of tho mouth, habitual to,him wlum. agitated. Sho saw-him, oven to each minuto partioulnr of his dress, ns distinctly as sho lind ever donó in lier lifo ! and she remembers to havo noticed between his hands tho whito of tho shirt bosom, 'unstained,'- howovcr, with -;blood.- '-Thó figuro scorned to bond forward, as if in pain, and- to moko ail ofTort to speak ; but there was no sound. ? It remained visible, tho wife thinks, as long' as a minuto, and thou disappeared. : . -?. .? - ? ? ? , " Her first iden was to ascertain if sho was actually nwako.-' Sho rubbed her eyes- with- tho sheet, aiíd-felt that tho touch was real, lier little nophow.wns iii bed .with her j she bent over tho Blooping child nnd listened to its breathing j tho sound wns distinct; and she became convinced that what sho had aeon.was .no dream. It need hardly bc added, that sho did not again go to Bloop that night. . . '. . .. . , j i -, : . - ; , "Noxt'mornbig Bho rolatod all this to hor motlier, ex- pressing lier conviction, though she lind noticod ne murks of blood on his dross, that Captain WV-- was either killed or grievously, wounded. ,; So fully impressed wis sho with tho reality of tliat apparition that íslio thence- forth refused all invitations. - A young friend urged her, soou afterwards, to go with her to a fashionable concert, reminding her that sho had received from Malta, sent by. her husband, a handsome dress cloak, which sho had never yet worn. But slip positively declined,'dcclnriug that, uncertain us she was whether alie- was not already a widow, she would never visit a place of niuusoniottt until she had letters from her husbnnd (if, indeed, ho still lived) of later dato than tho 14th of Uovoinber. i , "It was qu'a Tuesday, in tho; month of December,' 1857, that tho telegram regarding tlip,uotunt futo of Cap- tain \V-was publishedJii.^Loridbn. It/,was,to. tho effect that ho-was: killed" bct'^rp Lucknow on tho Jifteeni'ft ©/.KövCuuSeri*.4 ' - . ' ''-"/Jills nowa, given in tho morning pnpcrs, attracted tho attention öf "Mr- Wilkinson, a London solicitor, who lind ijr^chnrgo Captain. W--'s almira, s When nt n later j'pbriod this gcntlcman^iict tho widow, BIIO inforincd him 'that sho hud boon quito propnred. for:tho melancholy news, but that sho felt sure her husband could not have been killed on tho 15th ol' November, inasmuch ns it was during tho night between tho 14th and 15th that lie Op- penrod to herself. - i : "Tho certificate from tho Wnr pfllco, however, ivluoh it becamo Mr Wilkinson's duty to obtain, colillrnied tho dato given in tho telogr'am j its tenor being us follows : ' . . "'War Oíllce, ¡ "«30111,1111111817,1858. Thcso aro to certify thnt it appears, by tho records in this office, that Captain O ' \V--, of tho .Oth Dragoon Guards; was kiHcd-in action on " tho .15th of November, 1857. '' ? f (Signed). ?.'"'B. HAWES.'* " While Mr Wilkinson's mind remninod in uncertainty hs to:tho ox.net date, a remarkable-incident occurred, which seemed to cast furthor suspicion on tho accuracy .bf thc telegram and of tho certificate.' That gentleman was visiting a friend, whoso lady hns'all her lifo had ïier ception of a]iparitions, ¿whilo her husband is ? what is usually called on impressible medium ; facts which oro known; however, only fo their intimate friends. Though personally acquainted with thom, I nm not at liberty to givo their ninnes; . Lot ns call them Mr and Mrs N;-. " Mr Wilkinson, related to them, as a wonderful cir- cumstance, the vision of tho enptain's widow in connec- tion willi his death, and described tho figaro as it had' appoared to hor. Mrs N--, turning to her husband, instantly said, ' That must bo, tho very person I saw, tho evening wo woro talking ot India, and you drew nn elephant, with n howdah on his back. Mr Wilkinson lins described. his "exact position and appearance j thc uniform of a British officer, lils hands pressed across lu's breast, his form bout forward as if in pain. Tho figuro,* she added to Mr W---, * appeared just behind my hus- band, mid seemed looking over his left shouldor.' i " ' Did you attempt to obtain any communication from him?' Mr/Wilkinson asked. . I " * Yes ¡ wo procured ono through tho medium of my husband.' . ». k ] - " ' J)o you remember ila purport ?' ? "'It was to the effect tliut ho lind been killed in Tndiu that ufteruoon, by n wound in tho breast; mid adding, as I distinctly remouiber, "U'lmL thing I used togo about in is not buried yet.". I particularly remarked tho ex- pression.' "' When did this hoppon ?' "'About niuo o'clock in tho evening, several week's ago ; but I do not recollect tho exact dato.'* '" Cnn you'not call to mind something that might enable you to fix tho preciso day ?' \\. i " Mrs -If--roflcctod. ' I roinember nothing, she said at last, 'except that "while iny husband was draw- ing, and I was talking to a lady frjond who had called to soe us, wo ivoro interrupted by a servant bringing in ii bill for some Gorman vinegar, and that, ns. I,recom- mended it as' superior to JCnglish, wo hud ft bottlo brought in for inspection.' . ! '?.'". " ; " * Did you pay tho bili ot tho timo ?' .: . " ' Yes t'-I'sont ont tho money by tho servant.' t '" . ." ' Was tho bill'receipted?"? : '',..;".': > ¡ '" I think so;.but I have it upstairs, and can soon ascertain.' , S " Mrs.' N-. produced' the bill. Its .receipt boro dote tho fourtcentfi of Novoinbor !?.. , ¡ ?' " This confirmation of tho widow's conviction ns to thc day of her husband's death, prodncod so much impression on Mr Wilkinson, thnt ho called at tho oHleo of Messrs. Cox and Greenwood,"tho army ngonts, to ascertain if thora was no mistako in tho certificate. ' Hut nothing thoro' appeared tb confirm any surmise of inaccuracy. Captain W-;-'s death was mentioned in two scpa ' rate despatches of Sir Colin ' Campboll ; niid in both tho dato corresponded with that given in tho telegram. ! \- - "So mutters rested, until, iii tho month of Mareil,' 1858,. tho family; of Captain ' W-1-^-" received from Captain G-- O-'?--, thon of tho militnvy train, a letter dated near Lucknow, on tho 19th of December, 1857\. This letter informed thom thnt Captain W-^ had boon killed boforo Lucknow,' while gallantly loading on tho squadron, not on tho' 15th of Nbvomber, ns re ported in Sir Colin 'Campbell's', despatches, but oit tho fourteenth, in : the afternoon. ?"' Captain C--:- was riding oloso by his side nt tho timo ho saw him fall. Uo wns struck by a fragment of shell in tho breast^ nnd 'nover Bpoko after ho was hit. Ile was buried nt tho Dilkooshn ; and on a woodon cross,' erected by his friend,' Xioutcnant lt--, of tho 9fch Lancers,' nt tho head óf 'his grave, are cut tho initials G. W. and tho dato of his death, Mill of- îîoveinbor. 1857. ; . .-. "The War Ofllco finally inado tho correction ns to (ho dato oí death, but «ot until moro than - ri year after tho oront ooctirred. rMr Wilkinson', haring occasion to apply fortín additional cony of tho. certificate in April, 1857, found it in oxnetly tho BBIUO words ns that whiolvT luive given, only that tho 14th of 'Novoinbor Iwd 'bean substituted for tho 15th.' ; ''. ' '. , ¡ j "This extraordinary narrative was' obtained by' nio directly . from. tho parties themselves. Tito widow of j Captain W-kindly consented to examino arid correct the manuscript, and allowed- mo. to inspect, a copy of Captain- C--r's,lotter, giving tho particulars of lnjr husband's death. To Mr Wilkiuson,) also, tho manu-: script was submitted, arid ho assented to its aceunioy. so far aslio,iSjConcorncd. -That portion'which relates, to Mrs N-I had from that louy -herself. T have no gloctod no: precaution, thoroforo, to obtain for j it tho wnrrant of authenticity.- '" ' - ?;-?-'? ? '! J,","- '.: , \- "It is, perhaps,tho only oxnmplo on roeord whóro'.tlío appearance of-what is usually termed a ghost pro'vecTtlie "menus of correcting nu erroneous dato in tho despatilles of a oommandor-in-cluof, mid ol'deteoting^an'.inncouraoy hi tho certillcnto of a War Ofllco. " ? ';'- ; i ' .. | "It is especially-valuable, :too, as furnishing "aii ex amplo of a double'apparition.- ' Nor ean it "bo alleged (ovon if tho allegation had weight) that the. recital of olio ?lady i caused , tho apparition of the sanio figuro" to . the other. Mrs W-was at the timo in Cambridge, anil Mrs N-in London¡ and itwns not till three'weeks' after tho ¡occurrence that either know' what tho ' other hud soon.-;. - ,:-;i;.-i . ?>:-?...;.. . .v. ? ''Tiloso who would explain tho wholo on tho principle' of ohanco coincidence havo a troblo ovont to tnkö 'intp account; \tho apparition to-Mrs*M-?--, that lo Mrs \V--, and tho actual time of Captain W--'s denth;; oaoh ' toUyinp; - oxaotly with'tho other."-Owon's " JFopt Jalls on tito Boundary< afAnother World" . ;" ':f ;A i 