CRICKET. UJflXEU KIiF.VEX v. EIGHTEEN OF HAI-ff.AAMAT. FIRST DAY— Tuesday, 16th January. (From tho Star.) Tho match between tho United Victorian Eleven nnd Eighteen of the Ballaarat olub was commenced ou Tues day on tho ground of the B.O.C The wonther was splendid, and tho ground in as pood condition as ground could bo that had been subjected to occasional (loadings nnd sludgings. Preparations lor tho accommodation of visitors were nude to more than sufficient extent by the liropri'.tor of the Rcservo hotel nnd tho lessees of tho booths, tho attendance of spectators not being numerous onough to tux the arrangements to their utmost. During the afternoon, however, tha ground presented n rathor gay appearance, as some U00 or 400 persons assembled, including n considerable- number of ladies. A bai.d, under tho direction of M. FJeury, was stationed in the hotel verandah, nnd, comfortably shaded by evergreens , the corps musicale iept tho air alive ot tolerably fre quent intervals with very respectable, mutic. Wickets wero pitched about noon, and the play began about ono o'clock ; tho Viotoriun Eleven hnving won tlio tosB, and docidoi to go in first. Tho umpires wore V. Marshall ^Viotoria) and H. Biers ( Halloar.it) ; Mows. E. J. Lowis and Dlggins acting as scorers. Cnntaln Swecnoy having disposed his forces in tho field, S. Hop kinson and J. Mnco took their places at tho wiokotg, to the bowling of J. Smith nnd Saunilcis. Smith delivered the opening ball, and with it Mnce's ntumpf to the bad. First ball one man out; I'o run; Ballaarnt elated. J. Huddleston then took tho willow, and the first over was mnidon, ITopldnson nearly putting the ball into War ner's hands at flip. Two mnro maidens nnd Huddlexton got one from Saundera, and then one from tho next over, very woll fielded by Miller. Huddleston soon mado another run iff Saunders's ball, and then a threo from a hard back-banded hit from Smith's ball, a pretty hit by Ho;)kin»on nt Blip boing in prettily stopped, while in tho iioxt over Huddleston would havo been out at slip, but for somo slippery fingers in that quarter just then. Hopkiuson followed by n ukjflycr. caught hy S. Cox, with nothing to his fcore, two men bclnir nut for 0 ruiiH. Bryant succooiled to tho vacant wicknt, Hud tlleston scoring 1 at mld-wickot. In tho next over he got 2 from Saunders, but Figgis fielded tho bull well, and HuddleBton was stumped after ecoring 0. Makin son took the bat, and eleven overs were got thiough with only 5 runs, the batting being cautious, and tbo bowling of Saunders being ovidently a littlo hnrd to deal with. Bryant then mado a 2, and Maklnson yielded up the ghost, beinp stumped by Sweeney from a ball well thrown in by Clissold. Marshall then took tho bnt, withBrynnt for his vis-a-vis, a rather telling duct boing played by this couple, alboit tho number of maiden overs played showed nietty clearly tho onutious gnuioou both fides. After tlirco mnidens Bryant got 1, and Maishnll followed in the next over with a splendid long hit, but fruitless of runs. Two tnoro overs, nil, when Bryant and Marshall scored another 1 each. Ait Ad journment then took place for lunch, and play being resumed, eight overs wcro bowled for 5 runs, Bryant scoring 1 and Marshall 4. Bryant got a 3 nt long Blip in the next nver, nnd tho next three overs recorded nnothor ono to Marshall's orcdlt, followed in the next over by a 4 fr.Mn a fino drive by Mnishall, who gut a 2 to log in tho next over, and ngaln another 2, and Brvant 1. An othorovcrgavo Marshall another 2, whon Figgis relieved Smith with tho ball, nnd Saunders toon tempted Brynnt to a skyflyor, beautifully caught with ono hand by J. Oox. Brynnt Beared 10 runs, and 5 wickets woto now down for 58 runs. Bryant was nucccoilcd by Hammers ley, nud five other.' passed with 1 run to each bat, Mar shall scoring 4 in the next over from two pretty hlta nt leg and nqunro leg. I'ive othois followed without a run, Saunders having already bowled 17 maidens. Four raoro ovors wcro played for 0 runs, somo good hits pio duoing but little result on tho book, ns tho ball foil dead on the sandy ground, though n good fow byes and wides wero being Bcorod to tho credit of the oloven. t Saunders was now relieved by Cllssold, wlioso owift balls wero also a littlo difficult to deal with evidently, though Marshall got a 1 from Clissold, well stonpocl by Bignell, In tho next over Hnmmoraloy scored 1 at slip, and Marshall followed with a long b1I)j cleverly caught by Figgis, Marfhnll Riving up his bat for 25 runs, Iho longest ecora modelu the Innings. Itw»a now flvo o'clock, and s-x mon out for 81 runs. Elliott took oharffo ot tho bnt, and Boon scored n3 from n squaro leg hit that shou.d hnvo paid better but for the dond ground. Fivo ovcrj, including thrco maidens, wero next dl«poscd of with only 1 run, nnd that by Hainraorslcy, who scored two nioio in the next two overs, nnd Elliott 1. H. Smun now relieved Figgis, and nt his third ball (of n m»i;1«n ovor too, by-the-by) Ilnnimorslcy'fl wicketa wcro laid low f.ir8 runo, seven mon being out for DO run?. Cnss lickthen wont in, nnd tho next scoro was made by lil liott. win got n 2 from n fino drive lilt very well fielded by S. Cox. Elliott's wickotn, though, went to grief in the next over by ono of Smith's arroivy halls, nftor a eooro of 7, eight mon buing out for 94 tuns ; Smith's two oveis, both mniJen ones, hnving prostrated two wickits. T. Huddloston now figured us tho vis-a-vis of Cosstick, and eight overs followod for 0 runs, all to Cnsslink'n credit. Jn tho next, over Cosstick also mado n 3 from a hnrd drivo hit, followed by 1 to HuddWston. The now lers wern now changed again, Clissold nnd II. Smith being roliovcd by Sounders and J. Smith, when the first ball from Sanndcra Boduced Huddleston into n htnl hit that lodged tho bnll in the hands of H. Smith, Huddle ston coiiiR out with 1 to bin credit with tho scror. It wiib now just upon six o'clock, and B. Buttorworth (who hnc\ accepted Ross's place) took tho last hat, held it through a maiden ovor, nnd thon saw bis wickets buc cumb to an inexoralilo ball by J. Smith, ISnttorworth .going out with ft round 0, nnd CosBtick with hi* bat. It was now pnat six o'clock, but as it was tho wish of tho Molbourno players that tho game nhould proceed, tho Ballnarat team Bont in Sweeney and II. Smith, who did their best to givo n good account of tho bowline: of Elliott nnd lirynnt. A dozen overs, including six rnni dons, were played for 17 runs, whon tho atumps wero drnwu. SECOND DAY— Wednesday, 16th Janoary. Lati: in commencing, nnd hindered as much by hnd weather ns by unpunctuality, tho issuo of the day did nob advance the businesi bo much ns was desirable under the circumstances. Ham came tumbling down aliout tha niiildlo of tho Bnllaarat inning?, nnd made tho ground in a pretty hubs, in spito of which, howevor, both sides fouchb nway and slipped nbout liko regular cricketing Biitons. The match was resumed nbout half-past twolvo o'clock by Sweeney and H. Smith taking their buts, to tliebowl ing of Cosstick and Brynnt, Mr. Uiggins actiog tBmpn rarily us umpiro in tho absenco of Mr. Uicm. Messrs. Bngshaw nnd Lowis noted as scorers. Tbo Victorians Bhonod their good prnctioo now by thoir capital fielding, nmongst which Butterworlh's at long stop was specially noteworthy. Tho bowling ol Cosstiok told awfully upon the Ballanratinn', no fower than seven wickets acknow ledging ita flkilfuliioss, wliilo tho number of inniuVji overs in the bowling generally betokened tlio awkward character of the balls dolivered. After three mnidon overs, aid somo pretty play by II. Smith in pirryinir Cosatick'B balls, ho waB caught very cleverly by J. Hud dleston at covor point, and resigned his tint for 7 runs. (First man out for 17 runs.) Miller then took the hat, nnd Sweeney having scored n 1, lour more ovors wore got through without a scoro. Miller's balls, however, soon went flying by ono of Cosstick's balla and two mon wcro out for 18 runs, Braithwaito succeeded to Miller at tho wicket, and nt onco got a 2 from a sqnnro leg hit, but after another over or two was given out for leg before wicket, though tlio Ballnnrntcnptain appeared to bo of a contrary opinion. (Three men out for 20 runs.) Nonp now took to tho surrendered willow, and (rot seve ral singles in rapid succession by some vory good hit?, Sweeney also pushing up his Bcore by n single at long point, nnd soon after noaily losing his long-kopt wicket liy n too close run. Mnco now took the hall from Bryant, and two or throe overs followod witli some singles eeored liy Neop, whe, however, got nwfully peppered now and then by Cosstick'a leu-stump bnlls, nnd tho running was rather too much of a touch-and-go sort to be altogether pleasant for tho innors. Swoenoy nnd Keep both kept on with smartly-hit singlos for two or threo more ovors, when Cosstick was relieved hy G. Elliott, who afforded Sweeney n capital two nt mid wicket off, whilo Bryant nearly stole a stumper from the captain. Marshall's woll praetisod wicket-keeping showed to gcod purpono too, and the splendid play of Bnttcrworth nt loag-stop kopt tho 'byes' down to mi nimum. Sweonoy now lost his luck, putting a bnll into Makmson's hands, anil surrendered his uat lor 15 runs, the longest scoro in tho inning-i. S. Goujon went next in, nnd after ono moro run each, Gonjon was oaupht out by Marshall. {Fivo mou out for 42 ruuB.) Snnderaon took the hut and scored 1, and Neop narrowly escaped two catches nt mid-wicket and cover-point. Bryant now rolieved Mnce, nnd his first ball lowered Sander son 'b stumps, who went out for 1 . (Six men out for 45 run?.) H. Davios took t'lo hat now, nnd nftor nnotlnr over Bryant scoured nno'hor victim in Keep, who went out for 11 runs. (Sevon men out for 45 runs.) Clissold took Ncep's place, nnd threo more fruitless overo wero pn=8C(l, when Clissold scored two singles, nnd then knocked off his own bails in an unlucky nttompt to dispose of an ugly oustotner from Elliott. (Eight men cut for 48 runs.) ~ J'. Cox wont in now, nnd nfier nn over or two scored a 3 from a splendid drive. Ho scored another 2 nu-i was thon caught out hy Maklnson. Nino men out for 53 runs. After a long spell off for lunch nnd waiting for Ihc rnin, which had como down rnthor plentifully, Figgis took Cox's bnt, and play wns resumed at 4.8 p ra., but was a continuous strugglo against diffi culties all dny afterwards, though the ground was doc tored with enwdust, fiDd humourod as much as possible, l'iggis appeared to have hit his wicket, and was lsavincr tho ground, when a dispute arose and the umpiro gavo him in, although both umpire3 iiad at first said they did not bco what wns douo, and tho batter admitted tbo faux pas. After n few more unproductive ove rs, however, I'iggii'fl stumps wero unequivocally settled by CoFstick. Ton mon had now been disposed of for .=)G mas. S. Cox took charge of the vnoant wicket, but after sevon or eight nil bnt maiden oveie, ho wont out, like Figgis, with a round 0, Elliott having 'shivered his timbers' for him. (Eloven mon out for 58 runs.) Warnor now took tho bat, and Davio', who hnd held his wicket for a long time, but to very little effect upon tho Ecorc, was bowled hy Cos.itick, and succeeded by Morris. The ground was now in a vory sloppy condition, nnd tho men had great difficulty in standing— to say nothing nbout run ning. Warner mndo soino pretty play once or twico, and ECoiing a 2 from a one-handed hit nt long slip, that might easily bnvo been a 3 if it were powible to run on the ground. Ho got a single next, by another onc hander to cover point, and thon Morris's wiokot went down to ono of Cosatiok's, balls. (Thirteen men out for 02 runs.) J. Smith followed nt tho w ickot, and Warner soon soorod another single. Ho should have been caught soon nfter at point, but only escaped that Scylla to got literally stuck upi n the Chnrybdis of a runninir cut fclo do sc. Ho essayed n run, gut fast in tho mud, and lost his wicket. (.Fourteen men out for 03 runs.) Sann dors toi-k Wnrnor'o bat, nnd after Smith Bcored 1 nt flip, got a 2 from a drivo hit, followod by n singlo and 2 from a capital hit nt fqunrc leg, which might easily havo told another on the scoro in ordinnry weather. Smith »ftor another over or two wns given out for leg brforo wick-t, hnving only Bcored a Binglo. (Yiftoon men out for 09 runs.) Bignell thon went iu, und after a ball or two Saundojs was run out. Harvoy then went in, and was soon disposed of by ono of Elliott's balls, lilguoll carrying out his bit. UNITED ELEVEN. First Tuning'. Second Innings. Mace, b J. Smith ? 0 b Saundera ? 51 Hopklnsdn, o Cox, b Smith. 0 o Davles, b if. Smith.. 2 J.IluddlcBton.atandb Saun ders, th Figgis ? 9 b II. Smith ? 3 Hrynnt, o Fox, b Saundcrs . . 10 not out ? 10 Makiiifon, run out, st Swee ney, th Ullssold ? i o Cox, b Saunders .... 3 Har.hall, o Kigpla, b Cllasold 25 runout ? 3 Hummcri-ley,li H. Smith ? 8 o Cox, b II. Smith .... 6 Elliott, b II. Smith ? 1 b Saunders..., ? « T. lluildleston, o II. Smith.. 1 ruu out ? 1 Coaatlck, not out ? 0 b Figgis ? 10 Butterworth, b J. Smith.... 0 b Saunders., 0 Byes it), lbl, Wl5, nb2.. 34 Byes2,lb2,wl2,nbl 1» Total ? no Total ? 03 nALLAARAT. Sweeney, o Maklnson, bJlnco 16 notout ? 52 H.Snilth, o J. Uuddlestou, b Cosstick ? 1 b Elliott ? 1 Miller, b Cosstick ? 0 ti MnklnBou ....,.,, 1 Brail hwaite, Ibw ? 2 c Mace, b Elliott ? 2 Neon, I) Elliott ? ii Goujon, c Marshall, b Mnco. . 1 Sanderson, b Brynnt ? 1 b Makinson ? '. . 1 Uuvls, b Ccastlck ? 1 ? Cllneold, lilt wicket ? 2 ? .T.Cox,c5Iaklnson,b;Co»at!olc G not out ./..'.V..' .;.... 8 Figgis, b CosBtlck ? 0 8\. Cox, b Elliott ? 0 ... Wnrner, run out ? \ ? MorrK b Coasllck ? 0 J. Smith, leg before wicket .. 1 ' . ? ' Snundcrs, run out ? C lUgncll, not out ? 0 Unrvey, b Elliott ? 0 ' Byes 4, 1 b 1, wldcs a ? 14 Byes 1, leg bye l,w 4 1 Total ? 63 Total ? 30 Wo give abovo tho scoro of the match to the closo of. tho third day, and regret that want of space provonts us from giving further particulars. We last night received a telegram to tho oflect that tho United Eloven had won tho match by 44 runs, and that they would proceed to town by tho night mail. 