LITERATURE. ? \j ? I From the Tablet.) Nature and Qrace. By W. G Ward, Pb. D. Rum* And f.nmhprt. How the great Oxford movement, as it is named, was called into existence, about thirty years ago, is not important for us here to inquire. The Holy Ghost, disponens omnia Forliter et siiaviter was working upon those who were with out the Church, gradually illumining the intellect and purifying the heart, in order to show them the one true (old, and to gather them into it. Whether its secondary cause may be sought for in the study of Aristotle, which St. Edmund in troduced at Oxford, or in the influence of the French Emigres Priests, many of whom found a home there in the end of last century, or in the law of reaction from which the religious apathy into which the Universities had sunk, or to the genius and creative authority of some master mind, is little matter, to our present question. The fact is, that men of shrewd and cultivated intellect and affectionate heart arose in Oxford, who saw the inconsistency of Protestantism and the difficulties of their state; they became men of mark, they became great pioneers, and led the way out of Egypt and across the sea, though every follower down to the present had his peculiar trial and his own burden to bear. To meet this movement, Almighty God gave to the Church a man equal to the occasion, and Cardinal, then Dr. Wiseman came over from Rome, and by his writings and influence fostered what be saw to be true, and refuted wha't .was false, till like a skilful fisher who had set his_n?.t to the stream, he had gathered in plenteously of its treasure. Such men in Oxford were the well- known names of Newman, Ward, MacMullen, coffin, and Dalgairns. ': We bave watched the working out of this great movement, and seen its chief humbly submit and enter the Church, and it is natural to expect to see those men, who did so useful and striking a work while living in error, again distinguishing tbemielves, and bearing a far more precious bur den of fruit when transplanted into the fertile garden of the Church of Christ. It has always been so. When God draws the strong plant out of the eartb, it He replants it and prunss over it so closely, it is not in order to destroy, but to increase, its virtues and productive power. And if the wild olive-branch be grafted into the good olive- tree, it is not in order that it should bring forth no more fruit forever, but that it ' be made partaker of the root and fatness of the olive' and yield a sweeter oil and more abundant riches. When God's grace has taken captive the learned and the great, after which they have been humbled, He has usually taken them up, and used them as His instruments. Thus Paul was knmbled, and, after bis time of trial, became a vessel of election ; so tbe seven deacons had been Greek converts and men of note before their ex altation to office ; so Augustine, having become as a little child, became a. Doctor of the Church; and Ambrose, from being tbe infidel Prefect of: an infidel city, became a teacher and doctor in Israel ; so Cyprian, from a Pagan, was raised to to be tbe great defender of the unity of the Church ; and so through all ages, verifying that of the Apostle, ' that thefe is neither Jew nor Greek, nor bond nor free ;' ' giving unto them the Holy Ghost as well as to us, and putting na difference between us and them, purifying their hearts of faith.' Thus, on the Continent, we have the illustrious names of S to] berg, Ratis honne, Pecherine, Schlegel, Gfrorer, Haringer, Herman, Theiner, Hurter, and a host of others, whose works, since they became Catholics, have far exceeded in importance anything which they did before their conversion. Let not our meaning be misunderstood. We are making no comparison between converts and old Catholics, which, in this case, we should hold to be odious and unchristian ; we are speaking only to tbe theory that God, upon the conversion of a soul, adopts and uses for bis glory those very JM-wer»e^jnbirj-_.Iim»OL_hf-rtn, ? 3t-unx?t*jp*w.u'Tr-n)pTp#- heatben temples, and taken the incense of the pagan for her own altars. As instances of this law here in our own country, we may take such illustrious and public names at that ot Mgr. Manning; in practical work —his wide-spread influence, his doctrinal sermons so full of delicate pathos and knowledge of tbe human heart, are daily enlareins the Church's borders, and bave already accomplished a work which is the product only of a Catholic toil. In speculative work, as a scholar, a philosopher, a writer upon education, what name stands higher than that of Dr. Newman ? In ascetic Theology, who is there among Hying auttbrs in the Church whose writings are so voluminoiijf, so original, so full of piety, so wide-spread, translated into so many languages, as those of F. Faber ? Each tree seems to be bearing its own fruit only more abundantly in Catholic soil. And now we come to tbe author of the book which lies before us, Mr. Ward. His name was intimately bound up with the Tractarian movement ; he was among its foremost leaders; bis logical and fearless mind bore it on and precipatated its crisis. Perhaps no- one at Oxford save Dr. Newman, whom he regards as bis master, was so forward in it. He was known for his defence of the celebrated ' Tract 90,' for which he was deprived of bis fellowshiD: as a large contributor to the ' British Critic ;' and the author of tbe ' Ideal of a Christian Church.' And sa unpalatable were bis opinions to the University, and so unsparing his criticisms upon the. follies and inconsistencies of Protestantism, that he was singled out for the unprecedented honour of being publicly tried before the whole University and degraded. Now. many a distant inquirer, who bad once heard much of Mr. Ward, and of bis conversion in 1845, may reasonably ask, 'What has Mr. Ward done since bis conversion? Has he buried bis talents? Can he find no scope for them ? Has he who was a Cincinatus in war now quietly retired' — ' ' Pandere agros pingues et pascua reddrere ura?' The public press has given forth no works from his band scarcely, has bis. name been casually mentioned in it.' We have a work before us which is itself tbe answer to those queries, and which accounts for his long silence of fifteen years. 'Nature and Grace:' this is the title of the first treatise which he intends to publish. It is in five volumes, and is to come out volume by volume. The first is that which has just appeared, and is called a ' Philosophical Introduction.' Our readers, with true Catholic sensitiveness in everything which touches tbe purity of Catholic doctrine, will at once ask, before they purchase the book, ' What guarantee have we that we are safe in reading it? — that we are going to a refreshing fountain, and not to a poisonous stream ? We bave great respect for Mr. Ward's intellectual power, and his well known uprightness of purpose ; but these very qualities may make his work all tbe more dangerous food for us. And, secondly : What is this volume of philosophical introduction about ? Is it intelligible to an ordinary reader ? Is it in teresting?' We purpose briefly to answer these two questions. ! We feel most strongly that, in. order to teach, and, much more, in order to publish Theology with fruit, there are conditions absolutely essen tial, which are to be found, not in tbe natural qrder alone, but also and chiefly in the superna tural order. We mean that intellectual brilliancy or genius, or even the being conversant yrith many theological works is not enough to make a Theologian. An amateur may dabble in books on law or medicine, and burry to the press witbi a treatise thus made out ; but he will carry no weight^-you will neither buy nor read his book*. To treat upon the science of Theology, a man must n^--^\4n£|f^s and anx'ous study; but this7!. vJ^. iS 7u.?n in a Theo logian, even when nddel-wj3iji of intellect or brilliancy, of 'genius. TheiCJ'trjust be the spirit of humility, showing itself in a readiness to in quire and to learn of others, and to be guided in everything by the spirit and traditions of the Church ; a sensitive fear lest in dealing with so sacred a deposit as the bread of truth any false doctrine, which would corrupt the whole mass, should unawares glide in through the blindness or. the perverseness of our fallen intellect and will ; and therefore a proportionate anxiety to anticipate such an evil, which in Catholic coun tries shows itself by submission to the ecclesias tical censors of hooks; and in countries lilte our own, where such tribunals are not yet cannni cally erected, by using those precautions whioh circumstances may allow, such as the opinions of friends and the judgment of Theologians. Now what kind of preparation has Dr. Ward, who is a layman, brought to tbe task of writing a treatise on the most important part of Theo logy ? We feel but little difficulty in allluding to such a question, inasmuch as its answer rests in what we know — and what any one who has watcbed events or taken tbe pains to inquire might know— of Mr. Ward's public and quasi public antecedents. 1\. For seven or eight years he was mathe matical Professor in the University of Osford, and therefore he was in tbe constant study of a science which of all others makes the mind exact; clear, and vigorous. Of this office he was deprived for his defence and development of 'Tract 99,' and of tbe doctrines therein con tained. 2\. He had then begun the study of such men as Bellarmin, Vasquez, and other scholastics, and, by thjir guidance, his mind, n-Uunlly impartial and independent, grew rapidly in Catholic doc trine, and in the year 18 15 he was gathered by the grace of God into the true Church. 3\. Then, having given . up all ecclesiastical preferment, and being thus reduced to cump.ira tive poverty, instead of engaging in some literary or public avocation, with the permission and en couragement of Bishop Griffiths, he quietly settled down under the shadow of St. E'l.nundY College, in order that he might partake, as far as possible, of the advantage of ecclesiastical society, and of the religious offices of the Church. Circumstances rendered it impossible for Mr. Ward to go through a coarse of Theology in stain pupiUari—a.% it has been of course impossible for other distinguished writers, who are even Priests. But if it be possible, as it is abundantly possible to learn what is the living sen?e,spirit, and tradition of the Church from continual intercourse with those who bave been so trained, from the constant society and conversation of Priests, from the free interchange of theological thought upon all points, whether personally or by correspon dence with some of the chief living theologians of the Church — then Mr. Ward has certainly bad the fullest opportunity, and we need entertain no fear of his leadinz us astray from a want of knowledge ofSvftmt is the present mind of the Church. 4.. About the year 1851 Mr. Ward was asked to teach Philosophy, and so great was the satis faction which he gave in this capacity that he was invited by the Cardinal Archbishop to lecture in tbe future on Theology and, as a mark of the approval of the Holy See, his L'irdship the Bishop of Southwark' obtained for him the de gree of Doctor in Philosophy, and he was inves ted with its insignia by the Cardinal Archbishop, in St. Edmund's Chapel. 5\. During seven or eight years Mr. Ward lec tured to the students of Westminister and Southwark with unflagging interest and the most anxious care. He took them twice through tbe Theological course; and while he kept before their minds how elementary such a course must be, he opened out to them tbe deeoer mines of Theological ore in the tomes of the Fathers and Schoolmen, and taught and encouraged them to work therein. / iraSicTStn.irtae'fcsuit* dt'nisTdtjours-f-'tijt a'or-trts ? be had been delivering, with such additions and developments as appeared desirable. This trea tise, therefore, is the child of no impetuous Uaste rushing headlong into print, no unwelcome pro duction of undigested theologioal propositions carved and cut out of Fathers or Schoolmen ; but it is tbe result of fifteen years of anxious' and laborious study within the Church — of the study of Fathers and Scholastics, and the decrees and documents of the Church— of the study of living Theologians, and of correspondence with those engaged in tbe same theological career as himself ; and we should add, as this first volume is philosophical, of Philosophers of various schools. 7 And lastly, it is well worthy of note, inas much as it must greatly increase our confidence in tbe author, that from a most admirable sensi tiveness to truth and sound doctrine, this volume was privately circulated among friends and The ologians far and near, in order to obtain their criticisms, and that they might point out any la tent error, should there be any, before venturing on publication, indeed, we are much indebted to the criticisms thus obtained for considerable additions made to questions which required a fur ther development and elucidation. We may mention, too, that one Bishop, whose life has been spent chiefly in theological studies, and whose name need only be mentioned to command atten tion and respect, has said that not only could he find nothing censurable in this volume, but that he did not know whether there was a single pro position in it with which he did not himself fully agree. And as we very much distrust our own theological acumen, we bave been at pains to in quire tbe opinions of distinguished Theologians, both in England and Ireland, in France, and even in Rome, as to tbe soundness of the views put forth in this volume, and in all instances we have been completely assured of their tenableness, and in some cases of their extreme power and im portance as a complete victory' over the false teaching of the day, and as an overthrow of mo dern infidelity in some of its most dangerous phases. ? -..- ?????-?-' We have now perhaps said enough to show how seriously Mr. Ward has set about his anxious tisk, and how circumstances have pre pared and almost summoned him to its per formance. Whether we agree or not with all his opinions, they are deserving at all events of of serious consideration, as not having been lightly taken up, and as perfectly tenable and consistent with sound doctrine. Having spoken, then, of the author, pass we on to bis book. The first general remark, after a glance through the book, which occurs to us to make is — Here is a Philosophical Introduction to an important scientific treatise ; and we hear a hundred voices at once raised and exclaiming, ' It may be deep and learned, but it must be dry.' We scarcely know of any scientific work so far removed from the popular censure of dry. If we except tbe first chapter, which, treats of moralities in the abstract, and meets some of the deeper errors of the day, we might say that the whole book' is as interesting and engrossing as the analysis of that which concerns us most intimately and most dearly, our awn soul, its motives, operations,' and passions, can make it. There cannot be a greater fallacy than the statement that Theology or such^ a Philosophical Introduction to Theology as that before us, is dry meat. It can only pro ceed from one who either docs not know what it is, or has never . learnt bow to study and assimilate it. A man may take up his Summa, qr Scotus, o( Vasquez, &c;, and find a number of theological propositions stated in as few words as possible. These scientific statements may be called dry, if looked at as superficially as they appear on the outside. But press them, rumi nate on ' them, examine tbejr practical con ' \\. --' 7 ? i^=- ? ,?? sequences, .how they throw a light into^meli Ution, bear on the spiritual life, on your own difficulties, your own chnracter, or your spiritual trials ; nnii then you will find that there is nothing so refreshing, so real, so personal to yourself. St. Thomas and St. Bonaventure, &c;, put Uie doctrine they wrote into as few words as possible : all was technical, precise, and, if you like, dry in statement. But then they expected that others should study their propositions, as they themselves had done; that each one should assimilate and digest them, and work them out for himself practically and spiritually. Some persons, from want of time, or of inclination, or of ability, or of instruction, do not do this ; and then they say that Theology is dry, and then wonder how men can be enamoured of it. What at once strikes us in this book is, that Mr. Ward has rendered an important service to a great number of persons whose appetite revolts at the !-igbt of the dry crust on the bread. Mr. Ward shows us practically how to break it up, to have it in daily use, to assimilate it. We hardly know of any modern writer who has to such an extent brought the whole of his Philosophy and Theology to bear so close a relation to our daily life and habits. He looks upon the bread of truth as bread indeed, and as given to us for our spiritual food. Not that other Theologians, such as St.. Thomas, &s;, have not looked at Philoso phy and Theology in the same way ; but when they wrote scientifically, they condensed, and left to tbe meditation of each one the spiritual and practical bearing of the truths they taught. Secondly. Though Mr. Ward has written in the vernacular, he has not discarded the use of Latin philosophical and theological terms ; and in this it strikes, us that he has ~an~ advantage over several who have written Theology in the verna cular, and over certain translators of St. Thomas. Thereby a very important service is done, by en tering into a. clear explanation of technical terms and expositions, which some writers use as though they were perfectly familiar to their readers, or were self- evidently clear: such terms, for in stance, as ' species intelligibilis, species sensibilis, phantasia motus primo-Drimi, secundo primi,' &c; , (vide the Table of Contents.) Fourthly. One great reason why Catholics make such great mistakes in dealing with Pro testants, is that they have never learnt what is tbe real state of mind of a Protestant — His dif ficulties are an untrodden, unknown ground to them. Mr. Ward continually, in the course of his book, opens to us the state of Protestant pre judice and Protestant reasoning upon many of those points and doctrines on which be treats. He not only lets us into their state of mind, but furnishes us with the answers to meet them with ; and he lays bare their errors in their real colour and all their natural deformities. Fifthly. Though there are passages, perhaps pages, which would require the voice, inflection, and manner of tbe lecturer himself to light them up, there are scattered up and down tbe volume passages of real eloquence. The whole work is written in language which shows how intensely tbe author feels the truth and tbe importance of tbe matters which be treats. Sixthly. This work will not only be most useful to Ecclesiastical students generally, and to all Catholics who wish to obtain a deeper know ledge of Catholic truth ; but to non -Catholics it is likely to prove a work of the greatest benefit. Heretics do not write and read Litin now-a-days, as Luther and Calvin did ; and deep inquiry into religious truth is not confined to a few, as for merly; but every man reads and forms his own judgment. The world has entered upon alto gether a new act — the scenes are shifted, and new dresses appear upon the stage — the old state of society is broken up — all men are nearer equals — power is falling more and more into the ban is of the masses — education is the frenzy of the day — intellectual activity and thrift excite almost every rank and grade of society — books, periodi cals, and papers, upon every imaginable subject, they must have, good or bad — the appetite is sharpened, and it must be fed ; and it was a choice between earbaze. filth, and emir-. ami mih counteraot the evil, and to meet the wants. Tbe lower and middle classes we are providing for daily by a thousand contrivances of ' Instructive Libraries,' ' Amusing Libraries,' ' St. Anselm's Society for Good Books,' &c.; But what have rwe got, with the exception of such works as those of Cardinal Wiseman and Dr. Newman, to offer to the readers of such writers as Mansell, Ham ilton ; or still worse, Mill, Buckle, and Comte? We hail the appearance of Mr. Ward's work as a valuable contribution to that store in which we are poorest — to that store which it is a duty to those to seek to enrich who hive the opportunity and brains to do so. Such men as those we have just alluded to must be met and refuted. As we cannot destroy all uncitliulic books, nor close the pres3 to infidel writers, all that remains for us to do is, to answer, and, if possible, silence them by guns of as great or greater callibre. Air. Ward in his own way, is beginning to do this work. 