THE -NEW ZEALAND GOLD FIELDS. DESCRIPTION OF DUNEDIN. (From the Argus Special Correspondent.) BEFORE I lay down my pen, I will endeavour to fill in a few of the rough outlines I gave you in my last of the character of Dunedin and of Otago, of which Dunedin is the metropolis. The town was founded some fifteen years since, its inhabitants being then, and for some years subsequently, wholly composed of the inhabitants of certain counties in Scotland. Local customs, habits, rules of faith, and modes of religious observance, were rigidly adhered to throughout the settlement, much local jealousy being indulged in till within quite a late period. At one time, I am told, the members of the Church of England had to appeal to the Supreme Court to obtain church accommodation, but now there are places of worship for people of all denominations, not excepting Roman' Catholics. Hotels are not numerous, owing to a restrictive law, but sly grog-selling exists everywhere, and government is either afraid or unable to interfere, for the few attempts to institute prosecutions have been generally unsuccessful. There has been a good deal of procrastination in the matter of legislation affecting social life. As every one knows, there is in New Zealand a General Assembly of Representatives of the whole of the provinces, held at Auckland, but the local affairs of each province are administered by a Provincial Council, elected in the usual, way by a suffrage which is almost universal. Each province is governed by an superintendent, who is elected by the popular voice, and the effect has been that, at present, vast numbers of those acts of parliament which are usually judged to be absolutely necessary to a community, are not yet in force. There is not even an Insolvent Act here, and the want of it detains the late superintendent of the province, Mr. M Andrew, in gaol for debt, and a letter to the editor of the Otago Witness, published in last week's issue, draws attention to this fact. There is no Passenger Act existing here, nor many others of equal importance. Some excuse for this is afforded by the fact that hitherto the wants of the community have been few, and easy to supply. Town improvements are equally behindhand, and it takes three days to bring down goods per lighter from Port Chalmers to Dunedin, which lighters can only approach the pier at high tide. Most of the old residents can tell capital stories respecting the had management of the Dunedin Gaol and only a few weeks since a man named Allen, in custody on a charge of manslaughter, escaped twice, before and after trial. A plan of reclaiming a portion of the bay, by cutting down Bell Hill-one of the hills on which the town is built-and extending the line of beach with the earth thus obtained, has been a favorite plan for years, and once an enterprising American offered to do the work for a grant of a portion of the reclaimed land. The offer, however, fell through, Bell Hill remaining to this day. Since the gold-fields have broken out, the face of things has greatly changed, and a new spirit has been awakened, which may lead to great things when the Provincial Assembly meets again next month. There is a very respectable-looking court- house here, which is also used for the meetings of the Assembly. It is almost the only substantial building in the place, excepting one or two brick buildings and two bluestone stores, whose fronts are composed of a blue freestone, which is quite soft, and has to be painted to preserve its face. This stone is procured from a quarry a mile or two out of town. The original plan of the town is very fine, but it sadly re- sembles that famous one exhibited by the astute Mr. Scadden, as representing the city of Eden in which Mr. Martin Chuzzlewit set up business as an architect and surveyor, descents and circuses, squares, parades, and what not, look well on paper, but the fact is " that the course of the streets is directed so much up and down among the hills that the lower portions alone are built upon. Tints, High street runs a few hundred yards, and then subsides into nearly wild bush, overrun with scrub and wild flax and other streets are in a similar plight. Oddly enough, the hilly portion is the favorite part of the town, and though in the north eastern quarter, or North East Valley, as it is called, there is a fine level piece of country, the houses there may he counted off upon the fingers, so few are they. I must in fairness add that, though most of the wooden houses are small and mean-looking, there are some splendid buildings constructed of that material. Such are the new Unioni'Èa'nk.'tho new Provincial Hotel, and others, which are now to be all outdone by Mr. Farley, late of Ballarat, who has been running up the price of land to a tremendously high figure by purchasing allotments, and obtaining leases in every direction. Only within the last few days, a piece of land near the Union Bank was lot at £4 per foot per annum. Well, Mr. Farley has bought a piece of land with a double frontage, stretching from High-street to Maclnggan-street, and on this he is about to erect an immense arcade, after the Queen's Arcade model. The situation of the town itself is beautiful, almost beyond comparison. I took a walk yesterday to the upper part of one of the streets, which was quite in the bush. Below lay the thickest part of the town, and even that was so irregular that scrubby higher ground, covered with a bright green leaved thick-growing bramble, called "wait a bit," entirely removed that sameness of colour, which makes a collection of modern houses so poorly ornament a landscape. Over and beyond the Boil Hill appeared the North East Valley, dotted with houses and large beds of the wild New Zealand flax, which is, in nppeaiu>-,co, a sort of exaggerated bed of sugar. The bright green of The larger descriptions of scrub, the irregular pathways intersecting the country, the tall mountains, and the smooth waters of the bay, presented a rare tout ensemble, while a light breeze st in rod the sweet breath of the sunny New Zealand spring morning, and afforded a sensation most agreeably new to one who had lived many years in a sultrier Australian climate. Those familiar with such scenes say that Dunedin is like a town among the lakes of Westmoreland or the Highlands, and if so, it needs no ghost to show how easily they have stirred poets to descriptions such as those in the " Lady of the Lake " or " The Excursion." A boy was asked one day what made him so dirty, and his reply was, " They tell me I am made of dust, (Had. I s'pose it's just working QUC THE PRESS AND THE PUBLIC -Even in England ove, even in London itself-there have been times when Judges have sought to restrain the publication of impending trials-when they have assumed a censor- ship of the Press, and by fines and imprisonment endeavored to compel journalists to obey capricious and despotic ordinances. Presidents of courts-martial sought to act in the same dictatorial spirit towards the Press ; but they have abandoned the attempt ever since the year 1840, when, in the trial of Cardigan v. Reynolds, at Brighton, the London journals treated the prohibition of the President against publication as a nullity. The appearance of reporters in courts of justice was long discountenanced, although their reporting was not prohibited. A curious history could be told of the efforts made by those in office to render reporting a difficulty, and in some cases an impossibility. The brave men who, in their several localities fought at their own risk, for the rights of the public, remain unknown, because no one has taken the trouble to ascertain how very few years have passed away since "accommodation" was, by order of the Judges and High Sheriffs, " made for the newspaper reporters." The rights of the Press are now universally acknowledged ; but the memory of the members of the Press, by whom they were vindicated in England, Scotland, and Ireland, seems destined to be consigned to a speedy and ever-enduring oblivion London Review. ARCHOISHOI' CULLEN ON PArit DIARIES IN LIVERPOOL AND IRELAND. The Rev. Dr. Dillon, the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Dublin, who was examined as to the condition of the poor in the Irish workhouses by the select committee whose Inquiries into the system of relief in that country were presided over by Mr. Cardwell, took occasion to direct attention to the advantages enjoyed by Irish paupers in England over those of Ireland. It appears that the Irish Poor-law Commissioners drew up their dietary regulation in 1849, when the country was in the very greatest distress, and founded it upon the condition of the people at that time. His Grace contended that encouragement was given to crime by the superiority of the pri- son diet over that of the workhouse, and gave instances of the preference often shown by the poor of Dublin for the former establishment. He then contrasted this state of things with the dietary of the Liverpool workhouse at Brownlow-hill, which he had visited on his way to London to attend the committee. He says :-" I found everything most comfortable; the poor had their tobacco, they had their snuff, and they had excellent bread. The old women had their own tea service, and got an allowance of tea and sugar every day. They had good clothes; they had all straw bonnets; whereas in Dublin they have caps without any border, like nightcaps, made to disfigure the young females and many of them are sent to prison on account of those nightcaps, which they are forced to wear all day. His Grace handed in the dietary of the Liverpool Workhouse, and also the diet tables of the Rathdown and Kells Unions. In the former roast beef is given twice' a week, and the rations are varied and abundant, when ess in the latter there is no war ation throughout the year, and no meat is given, beyond that small portion which is represented in the Rathdown dietary, by one pint of soup, which is made by boiling a bullock's head in five gallons of water. At Kells and many other workhouses in Ireland, not even this poor apology for soup is given, the dinner consisting, throughout the year, of brown bread or potatoes and butter- milk. "You may have seen," Dr, Cullen observed, " a letter from the Commissioners, stating that they did not wish to give the paupers meat on Easter Sunday. I believe it is generally given on Easter Sunday and Christmas Day at present, but it is such a curiosity that vast numbers of ladies and gentlemen go to workhouses on those days to enjoy the sight, just as they might go to see wild beasts feeding." In Ireland no support is given in the workhouses, though in the prisons broad and milk is given ; but in Liverpool the inmates of the workhouse receive a good supper of milk porridge and bread. Irish paupers, as Dr Cullen observed, have as good appetites as Irish convicts, or as paupers in England, and should have as good a dietary. "I ain't going to be called sprinter's devil any longer no more, I ain't I" exclaimed our imp, the other day, in a goatsucker. " Well, what shall we call you ?" " Call me a typo- graphic spirit of evil, if you please that's all." " I am sure I cannot live long," said a very dirty-looking patient to his physician." " Is that any reason, sir, why you should carry dirt enough to bury you ?" Some minds are like almond trees; they have no foliage, and their thought, like the white blossoms, spring from the 'bare and leafless branches. ' It may sound like a paradox, yet the break- ing of both of an army's wings is a very sure way to make it fly. J Slyness or cunning is a characteristic of a pretty large proportion of the better of the sexes. Many a woman, like the Spartan boy, can as a fox in her bosom. Travellers are entitled to courtesy and politeness. The man who undertakes to conduct a railroad train should have learned to conduct himself. The happiest thing in life is to get rid of fools and villains. Wo loathe the hypocrisy that sweeps. We have beheld the falling of many a tear, that we always expected to see crawl away-a live crocodile. "Who made you?" said a lady to a little boy. Placing his hand a few inches from the floor, be answered-" God made so much, and I grew the rest alone." An attorney before a bench of magistrates, a short time ago, told the bench with great gravity, " That he had two witnesses in court in behalf of his client, and they would be sure to speak the truth, for he had no opportunity to communicate with them I" It is a beautiful custom in some Oriental lands to leave untouched the dates that are shaken from the trees by the wind, these being regarded as sacred to the poor and the stranger "I live by my pen," said a vulgar author to a lady, " You look, sir, as if you ought to live in a pen." 