DIOCESAN SYNOD. Monday. May 6. This hem' the day appointed for the first meet ing of the Diocesan Synod in session for the pre sent year, divine service was held at Trinity Church in the afternoon, at 3 o'clock. Evening pravers were reaii oy me very itev. me i-kan, assisted uy the Venerable the Archdeacon and Canon Coombs. The Lord Birho? of the Diocese then read his annual charge from the coimnuninn-tahle; after which His Lordship administered the Holy Com munion to about 50 of the Synodsmen who were present. , ? The following is His Lordship's charge :— 'Rev. and Dear Brethren— There are times when the restless activity of social life subsides into a momentary calm, and the body politic, like the human frame, derives fresh vigour from repose. Church life also, the religious consciousness of associateil bodies, is subject to the like changes ; at one time, perhaps, struggling with difficulty or imperilled by divisions ; at another, relieved from outward pressure and inward dissension, it enjoys the blessing of peace, and feels ' how good and pleasant it is for brethren to dwell together in unity.' Like the dew of Hermon descending upon the mountains of Sion, that grace brings with it a blessing from the Lord. 'Such a season of refreshment, much needed and much longed for, was through the mercy of God brought to us by the visitation of our much estcemed Metropolitan, the Lord Bishop of Sydney, who, accompanied by a 'faithful brother in the Gospel,' Chief Pastor of the Diocese of Melbourne, gave us the comfort of his presence and the benefit of his exhortations during many days of the past year. Many hearts were then softened, many con sciences then touched, many sympathies then drawn out, many aspirations after a higher divine life then felt— a winning grace thrown over the obligations of evangelical religion deeplv, and, we trust, permanently, influenced many souls. ' While, however, on the one hand, we derived much benefit from the meekness of wisdom which characterized the demeanour and ministrations of both those chosen brethren, so, on the other hand, they drew no little encouragement from beholding our order, and the progress made under adverse circumstances in supplying the means of Grace and the ministry of the Word. Would that the zeal then evinced to hear that Word from their lips could he taken as the measure of men's love for the godliness which it inculcates! 'An open door' was then, at least, 'set before us;' and if we knew that 'our strength was little,' still, having ' kept Christ's Word and not denied His jName, we ien, encouraged to nom last tliat which we had, that no man might take our crown.' Among the other ecclesiastical matters which won the approval of those prelates was the general constitution and working of our Synod. 'True, it was the offspring of a voluntary 'com pact,' liable to be spoken against and infringed even by the very individuals who had helped to frame it, consented to its provisions, acted again and again under them, solemnly pledged them selves to observe, and, as far as in- them lay, to enforce, as a contract knowingly and willingly entered into by themselves and others who had subscribed it. Unarmed with coercive power by legislative enactment over its constituents, it is unfortunately exposed to such opposition. Yet, notwithstanding such opposition, it has, to a consi derable extent, accomplished the purpose for which it was designed. 'The clergy and laity of the several congrega tions of the diocese have been drawn to one com mon centre, and have received the benefit of mu tual counsel and encouragement. It would be strange, indeed, if the lay brethren, when invited to co-operate with the Bishop and clergy in the ad ministration of ecclesiastical business, should de clins to take part in deliberations for the common good, or in dispensing the common funds of the Church, or in proposing what might be advan tageous, or in negativing what might be mis chievous or unsafe. 'So satisfied was the Synod last year of the be neficial working of those Synodal provisions under which we have now met for the seventh time, that a memorial was prepared to Her Gracious Majesty, petitioning her, as Supreme Governor over the Church, to give permanence to the compact volun tarily adopted by binding my successors to obser vance of its provisions. The answer to that memo rial which Her Majesty was pleased 'very gra ciously' to receive, conveyed in a despatch from the Secretary of State for the Colonies, will l« laid be fore Synod, and demands the earliest as well as most careful consideration. ' It is indeed to be regretted that we should still be forced after so many years to discuss the best mode of giving legal effect to the rules of our Church affecting its ministers and members; but in the absence of imperial or local legislation, the usual inconveniences attendant on voluntary associations must needs be felt. I believe I only express the fervent aspiration of every intelUgen ^ ? III ? tCt J^^__ member of our Church, that the time may quickl arrive when the by-laws and rules of the dioces being agreed^m, tWBiahop-and clergy 'roar giyg themselves without such distraction to the miniitry of the Word and of prayer. Would that the day were at hand when the churches had rest and were edified; and walking m- the fear of the Lord am in the comfort of the Holy Ghost, were multiplied. ' I cannot, therefore, but regret that the spiritof har mony diffused by the presence of our Metropolitan and the sanction given by him to our Diocesan Synod (in whose memflual to Her Majesty he took part), should have beljglisturbed by any attempt to nullify its proccedinprand to lower the position of our reformed branch of the Catholic Church in this diocese from that of a 'Church' into a part nership, to be dissolved atr any momentrat the caprice of one alone of the parties. At all events, 1 have to congratulate 'Synod that we have received the express sanction of Her Majesty to the consti tution of our Synod, its provisions an-l regulations conveyed to us in the despatch to be laid before you. 'In harmony with the desire for deeper spiritual life, manifested during the visit of the Bishops, a proposal for 'special sen-ices' and a week set apart for prayer was received by me and responded to by the parochial clergy. The seasons observed in our Church commemorative of the great events of bur Lord's life adapt themselves with peculiar propriety to . such occasional religious exercises. The F.piphany, or Christ's manifestation to the Gentiles, was, therefore, happily selected for such continued and simultaneous devotional services. 'It was an inspiring thought how many thou sands of Christian hearts were lifted up before the throne of grace, supplicating for a fuller effusion of the Holy Spirit upon His people. A unity of spirit was thus manifested and exercised which must needs precede any hope of closer ecclesiastical com bination ; but while evangelical Communions which so approximate as to unite in public prayer, in preaching the Word, and in breaking sacramental bread, still deem it necessary to keep up their names of division and separate ecclesias tical organizations, it cannot reasonably be expected that our Reformed Church, with which ministers of those communions have expressed themselves unable to unite, in consequence of the presumed, though not admitted teaching of its offices, should nevertheless, on their invitation, by uniting with them in all and everv act of wor ship, virtually abandon its own principles. ' Another occasion, however, for special obser vance is presented to us in the melancholy visita tion which, in the Providence of God. has lately fallen upon the northern provinces of India. It is a sad fact that famino is desolating a wide-spread district, anil affecting some millions of our fellow suhjects. The failure of our own harvests has re cently spread gloom and straitness among the tillers or our soil. The usual missionary ser mons for the heathen were suspended in con sequence. Should not the return of abundance call for thanksgiving offerings? and what more suitable ohiuct can be found than starving hoathen fellow-subjects, who will thus receive a convincing proof that the religion of Christ retsrns good for evil, and visits the fatherless and widow in their affliction! I trust that the clergy will accede to my wish, and deem it practicable to preach on Whit Sunday next, or Trinity Sunday, .sermons on behalf of the miserable population of the north-west provinces of India, and make col lections for their relief. 'It was remarked in some of the social schoolroom meetings for prayer during the Epiphany week that some of the lay brethren joined effectively in givinu a word of exhortation and prayer. A sacerdotal system, more rigid than Judaism, may condemn such ministrations as intrusive; but certain it is that our Church has sanctioned, in default of a separated ministry, lay preaching and lay readers, acting under licence from the Bishop, and conforming to certain regulations. It is difficult, indeed, to believe that such an exercise of appropriate gifts, decently and in order to the use of edifying, is at variance with the principles of our religion, and a worship, not of forms and ordi nances—not confined to time or place, hut of spirit and of truth. 'Indeed, the whole question of lay agency in divine worship forces itself at thistime more particularly on the attention of ourChurch. Inoldersocieties, where provision f, made for rearing and maintaining a well-qualified clergy, such a question might he out of place. There a regular ministry can wait at the ltar and in pastoral watchfulness go in and out day by day among the people. But in a young colony where only 120,000 souls are spread over an area considerably larger than England, divided in religious sentiment as in blood or country of their birth, it is scarcely to he expected that a sufficient number of competent mjnUters can he maintained by the voluntary contributions of the peoiile without extraneous aid. TheChurch neces sarily becomes missionary. The parochial system is inapplicable to a great degree. 'But even in missionary districts of large extent^ embracing different township and con-' pregations, it luis been found exceedingly difficult o raise even the minimum of stipend required for unmarried clergy. Meanwhile it is im possible for the clergyman personally to niini-»er every Sabbath in several churches many miles apart. The orderof Sa'-thathworshipis eoineiiucntly interrupted; the worshippers feel unsatisfied; they see the Church which they have contributed to build close its doors upon thorn; thev feel a re ligious want which is not met. Here, then, at once arises the need of lay .issistance; for if one minister can scarcely be maintained, it is useless to think of a second. If, however, in the absence of the missionary, some layman recommended by him, anil duly licensed by the Bishop, could conduct the service, reading the liturgy and such sermons as were lirst apiioved l-y the missionary, the con Kre^atiori would he held together, the £unday schoiil kept open, and the Sabbath Day sanctified to a holy rest. 'One thing, however, is needful— consistent Christian gravity in the person who undertakes this office. Then dwelling on the spot, respected by his neighbours, lmvingpruhahly a family or house hold to bring up in thu nurture of the Lord, he will feel it a privilege to aid his minister in carrying on the service of the sanctuary and inilueiicing the neighbours to keep holy the Sabbath Day. ' Furthermore, the acknowledged lawfulness of using separately the morning prayer, litany, and communion ollice, each complete in itself, though combined in the usual morning service of the Lord's Day, seems to provide for different congre gations a varied service, neither jading to the mi nister nor formal to the worshipper. The liturgy, indeed, of our Church will never want po\ycr to elevate as well as sober devotion, when read in the spirit of prayer, and used in its integrity, except in case of actual necessity. Its force, indeed, consists in this— that it is scriptural both in the letter and in the spirit; as such it is an invaluable guide and standard of spiritual truth and feeling, more espe cially when in the absence of an ordained ministry the worship is conducted by a lay reader. 'I have thus suggested what appears to me under present circumstances an available means whereby the ministrations of our Church may in some way reach the scattered members of our Church. To multiply ministers without adequate means of support is only to discredit religion by lowering the standard of the ministry, for a poorly paid ministry becomes in the long run a poorly qualified ministry. It is in vain to hope that ac complished ministers will select to serve in this colony when by crossing the border of Victoria they may ameliorate, their condition and avoid what is most harassing to a sensitive mind— the constant uncertainty of at hast a scanty income. Looking, as 1 must needs do, to the future supply of clergy, I trust this may he amended, if our clergy are to maintain a hiph position in reference to the mineral bodv of Protestant ministers: or to receive trcsn accessions to its number trom tiie Church and Universities at home. ' One other topic, which during the past year has been the subject of much discussion, remains to he noticed ; it is that of scriptural education in our national schools. As the authoritative stan lard of moral and spiritual truth no moral discipline can he properly carried on by any single teacher in any single school without refe rence to the commandments of God and the example of the Great Teacher himself. How otherwise children are to he restrained from wickedness, blasphemy, malice, haired, and all uncharitahleness the opponents of Bible reading in our schools have not condescended to point out. Will children mind their master when he bids them not to lie, steal, cheat, hurt, or corrupt each other, if that master does not appear to mind God, being forbidden to use. read, or refer to God's word ! A generation so brought up in our schools, without the light of God's truth, may well become ' a generation of vipers.' The spectacle of a nation of professing Christians deliberately establishing an infidel system of national education is one which I trust we shall be spared in this hitherto evangelical community. 'The times themselves, indeed, are redolent of strange audacity both of thought and action. Re vealed religion has, in my opinion, nothing to fear from the progress of careful research into the kingdom of nature or the historical records of man. It has been said, truly I think, that ' no truth in any department of knowledge can ever be in cont.a diction to anv other truth,' and that in the long run unlimited discussion is the fatal enemy of error— the most certain supporter of truth; but then the stand-point at least of those lovers of truth, who follow herat all hazards, must be free from suspicion. Hostile attack, or insidious un dermining, becomes doubly dangerou* when di rected by unfilial treachery. It shakes faith in man ; it outrages all moral confidence, when with the ink of subscription to articles of belief scarcely dry. with ordination vows still undulating on the eternal waves of sound, men hint their doubts of the inspired authority of canonical Scripture, question b:-th prophecy and miracle, and receive at the same time what may l-e called the wages of ini quity to teach that as God's truth which they themselves have already in their own minds suspected if not convicted of falsehood. The lying chronology of Egyptian priests lias alreadv ujen retuted by tlic royal records on inscribed stones at Karnack— the letter and the doctrine of the Christian Scriptures vindicated by newly dis covered manuscripts of the remotest antiquity. 'The coincidence of these Hterarv treasures, beyond all question undesigned, because hidden for centuries in various quarters of the world, suffices to assure us of the genuineness and authen ticity of the sacred writing-!, nor have we reason to fear that the facts of the Mosaic writings in their religious rather than scientific aspect will he found ' cunningly devised fables.' ' DESPATCH FKOM THE SECRETARY OF STATE. The following despatch from the Secretary of State, transmitted through His Excellency the Governor, was laid on the table :— ..r.. T , 'Do«rn»ig- strect, Jan. 15, IS'Jl. ' Sir-I enclose the copy of a letter which I have received from the Bishop of Adelaide, trans mitting a memorial ad-lressed to the Queen by the Synod of that dioce3e. 'The memorialists desire, first, that the letters patent of the present Bishop may be revoked and such others issued as may recognise the funda mental provisions, regulations, and forms of the Trust Deed adopted by the Synod as valid and binding, and provide that in future all Bishop3 shall govern the Church in accordance therewith. ' They also appear to desire that .steps may be taken to give effect to the appellate jurisdiction of the Bishop of Sydney in respect to olfence3 against Church discipline committed in the Diocese of Adelaide. ' You will inform the Bishop that this memo rial has been laid before Her Majesty, who was pleased to receive it very graciously; and, in answer to the Bishop's letter, you will communi cate to him a copy oi this despatch. 'The appellate jurisdiction of the Bishop of Sydney is a matter of unquestionable importance to the consolidation of the Australian Churches in communion with the Church of England and I shall gladly consider any practical scheme for ren dering it effectual; but it appears to me that any such scheme ought to be brought before Her Majesty's Government in the shape of a proposal adopted after due consideration, by the body o Bishops concerned. Till such consultation is hat it would* in my opinion, be premature to take any steps in this country. 'On the proposed alterations in the letters patent, I have first to observe that the validity — ^ — i_ i ? and binding cliaracter of the voluntary agreement _which_pmyides- au organization and means of- dis cipline for the Diocese of Adelaide is a.lepal ques tion to be determined by the Courts of Justice of South Australia, and not to be prejudged bv Her Majesty. The Queen, therefore, cannot be advised to pronounce a decision which she has not the means of enforcing or rendering authoritative.' w&fl; ^l i''25*?1 advised I should see rio.ob JwnrS ? i ot,he.lnsertion in the letters patent of a .3 *$h.niW ,He.r Majesty's pleasure that all power and jurisdiction conferred by those letters Si0' *he Bi*?P «hould be exerciSis fS MS™! l 9hu.rch. and with such .other pro i ?i^aii(1 filiations as might from time to time comjS m VirtUre Of thc cons«n''»l efiecfehfeo? «S^E^ *i should wish the BMiop'with propeSfad^ce to frame such a clause as will fet ans'vSr the i ur' pose which he has in view, vrithouS $£ Majesty to express any judgment capable of Iwhw' Justice. This clause! will cause to he submitted for the opinion of the law advisers of the Crown in such matters, with' every desire tliat I may be ablelo recommend it for Her Majesty's adoption But I am anxious on many grounds that a dif ferent course may prove practicable. . 'It would be, I think, better in point of prin ciple that the relations between the AngloAus tralian Church and the colonies, in which it is to exercise its functions, should be defined not by an act of the prerogative representing the central government, but i-y the free act of the colonists themselves represented by their respective legisla tures. Such an act would give a popular character . to the Church which appears to me not unim portant. ' But, moreover, it would have certain tangible advantages. Letters patent may be altered at least nn occasion of any fresh vacancy in the office of Hishop, and probably would be so altered from time to time. Nor is it easy to anticipate what exact authority may be allowed by Colonial Courts to articular provisions of such letters patent. But a Colonial Act for the quad incorporation of the Church may also be viewed as unalterable, uxcept at the request of the Church itself, and must iiecessanly be admitted as of conclusive authority liy any colonial tribunal, before which the acts o'f -he Bishop or other Church officers may be called in question. 'I think, therefore, that the njost appropriate uethod of satisfying the wishes of the Svnod is bv m Act of the Legislature, giving to the South iVustrahan Church (in effect) the character of a 5-nrporation, with the power of making By-laws. :he objection to this course I collect from the iishop's letter to be, that 'the Anti-State and Jiurdi principle on which the colony was founded ircvents the Church from obtaining a local Statute ;iving effect to the acts oi u Synod and the sen ences of the Bishop.' '1 cannot hut hope tliat the Bishop has misap mshended, perhaps not the principle on which the :olony was founded, hut at least the actual temper md views of the colonists. In South Australia, as n other British colonies, bodies of persons engaged n commercial enterprises, with a view to their own irqfit, can obtain Avithout difficulty the advantages if incorporation, so far as these advantages are re [iiireil for the regular conduct of their business, or he effectual prosecution of their operations. It npears a matter of simple justice and prudence hat the Church of England and other religious ommunities united together for purposes, certainly lot less beneficial to society at large, should he en ouraged in their useful work by receiving every ncility which the Legislature can give them for caf ying it on in their own way. The Anti-Church and itate principle appears to me not to prevent but to lecassitato the application of this principle. For he more exclusively any Church is required to L'ly on the voluntary support of her own members, lie more necessary is it that those members should e enabled to muke binding niles to ensure the roper administration of their own funds, and the erformance of their corporate duties to each ther; or, in other words, for the enforcement of uch ecclesiastical discipline us the nature of the articular Church requires. 'These considerations, which are to my mind onclusive, lead me to anticipate that the South Liistralian Legislature maybe more ready than the lishop supposes to pass a law similar in principle i those which have been passed in Canada and Ictoria for the purpose of investing the Church of Ingland (or any other religious communion) with lie powers necessary for her effectual organization ml action. No aid Iteing sought by that Church ?oin the public revenue, nor any exceptional ignity, nor any coercive power (except that which \- inherent in the administration of her own funds lid her own religious rites), it appears to me iinpro ahle that the community will view with any jea nisy her present demand— the demand of powers ?Inch are accessible to any religious denomination ?Inch may ask for them, ami arc only available gainst those who voluntarily come within their inge. '1 should he very glad, therefore, if you would onsider, in conjunction with the Bishop and our responsible advisers, whether there would he ny dimculty in passing an Act giving to the Hiurch of England in South Australia powers nalagous to those which she possesses under the It'torian or Canadian Acts of Parliament ; and of nuraic, giving or enabling the Church to give va idity to the provisions and regulations already uactcd. lf no such ditliculty should exist, and if ny member of the Church of Englaud should in ruducc :i Bill for eilueting this object, 1 should tope that your Ministry would be able to give it heir support. 'If from any circumstance of which I am igno nnt this course should be imprauticuhlc, 1 shall lope to receive from the Bishop the draft of such a lause as he would wish to he introduced into his etter.s patent, with such observations from your elf as you may consider requisite. 'I have, \c, 'Newcastle.' itepokts am) documents. ' His Lordship then read the following report on ha state of the diocese :— ' Diocesan Statistics.— These afford no great natter for remark or congratulation. As might he ixpccted, the effect of axettUid ministry is seen in he increasing returns of several parishes : while, in the other hand, two of the older City churches lave suffered loss, either by the migration of in lahitauts or removal of pewholders to new or more idjaccnt churches. An increased aggregate num ier both of communicants and school-children is eported, owing chiefly to the opening of new nissionary districts ami churches. A small falling iff jn marriages and baptisms may, perhans, he utiiciently accounted for by the continued depres i'.m of trade and agriculture to the close of IStill. 'Changes in the l/'iiKUGY.— Two of the clergy lave quitted the diocese since we- last assemhleii, md two have been added to the number officiating. L'he incumbency of St. J tide's, 1'ort Elliot, remains ?acant, no attempt on the part of the congregation o supply an income having been reported. Kiver on has been liiled up, aud the full administration )f the sacraments secured, which, either from the iiiwillingness of the late officiating deacon, or his ncompctence to undergo the usual examination lecessary for admission to the Presbytery, was ini ?roperly and inconveniently interrupted. Cunsi lerations of health, and the hope of making better irovision for their families, led to these departures. Four other incumbencies— Glenclg, St. Bartholo new's, St. Mary's, Sturt, and Jvooringa— have mdergone a change of ministers. Kobe Town, I'alunga, and Yankalilla Missionary Districts have jeen occupied. ' Numerous as have been these changes, they lave, on the whole, tended to the efficiency of the ninistrations of our Church. I cannot, however, ,-iew, without some degree of pain and apprehen sion, the fact of worthy men and painstaking ninisters, brought out at considerable expense Tom England, feeling themselves compelled, or, at my rate, thinking it expedient to abandon this liocese for Victoria, Tasmania, or Sydney, or even ;o return to England. When church stipends are 'arger, or at least /c.w uncertain, while the cmuue is more favourable to physical energy, we must he prepared to expect such removals; hut the cha racter of thc diocese meanwhile suffers in estima ination, congregations are scattered, and the diffi :ulty of supplying cures is continuully recurring. I i;n thankful that so many able and devoted men ire willing to put up with * rui'nm of income rather than forsake their work. But this is not a just or satisfactory state of things, and it is for our Christian laity to recognise and remedy the evil, which may he met by a more liberal contribu tion to and distribution of Church fund.; according as every man has need. 'Long experience shows that no married clergy man who is doing pastoral duty as he ought can possibly be maintained even in humble but decent competence, upnn an income of less than .£-200 per annum, in uadiu-M to a parsonage and forage, when he is obliged to keep a horse. This I con ceive to he a minimum; in many instances, I regret to say, it has proved more than the maximum. Moreover it is a state of things which is said not to exist in other Protestant communions. If so, it is much to he regretted that it should he a constantly recurring complaint in our own. A system of en dowment and official stipend has been devised and carried on by the attorneys of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel, Avhich is slowly and to some extent remedying the evil ; but after all, con sidering the above aid as well as that derived from the Allen bequest or other funds supplied from Eng land, I am compelled to own that the working of the voluntary principle has not yet been satis factory in its results. The spirit of Christian giving is not as diffused among us or as powerfu as it ought to be. Nor do I believe it ever will he until the great rule of St. Paul is adopted and acted upon by every congregation, namely, that on every Lord's Day the worshippers in our Churches should be invited to -contribute ' as God has pros pered them' for the purposes contemplated by the Offertory, namely, the support of the ministry and the relief of the poor. In some cases an annual sum from the Offertory has been set apart f-jr en dowment; an excellent plan, in my judgment, which might Iwconie still more quickly operative if the ancient custom of Easter offerings for the benefit of the minister were generally revived. I earnestly desire that the Synod would take these matters into consideration, and that these my re commendations with regard to the Offertory may go forth with the united approval of this represen tative assembly ef the Church. 'Memorial or Synod to theQueex.— It is with much satisfaction that I am enabled to place l-efore you the reply of the SecreUiry of State for the colonies to our petition, which Her Majesty was i pleased to receive very graciously. The Synod will, I think, after careful perusal of this dispatch, fully recognise the spirit of wisdom -and kindness in which it was dictated as well as the accuracy of view concerning the position of the diocese, and the relation of the Imperial and Local Govern ments to it ami to each other which it manifest?. Of the two points tq which our petition referred one, the appellate jurisdiction of the Metropolitan, is referred hack for the initiation of a satisfactory proposal to the Australian Bishops. This is znh s'antially a recognition of tho need of a 'pro vincial' Synod, as well as tantamount to an informal permission for those Bishops so to meet —a step which in 1850, under thu wise guidance of the late Bishop of Sydney, the prelates then as sembled thought it expedient not to take 'The other point, more immediately important to ourselves, is the constitution of the Synod A frank and full recognition through His Grace of the legality and propriety of our consensual comnact. and of the fundamental provisions of the diocese together with such other provisions and regulations as may lawfully be made in virtue of it, lias b-en made by the expressed willingness of the Crown to embody them, in new letters patent. He fu'ther sees no objection to the insertion in them of the clause 'declaring Her Majesty's pleasure that all power and mrwlictvon conferred by those letters patent on the Bishop should be exercised in con^ %W *em-'. Gratifying as this Kecauw ratifying by the highest authority the course of proceeding which in this diocese alone for local reasons has been adopted ; still there are incon vcniences ^which we cannot disguise from ourselvef . resulting from the uncertain action of Courts of Law and, Junes, as to the obligations resulting from that ChSShHi.1' '..larofal. -n toe first place, for advert f«1?y of ? 'J8 ^orderly members. This is ffl5J.2»i 'It -is, nevertheless, a union with tioa ^Zv^&'V*^',8'* or denomina Sever&rn;^n '* PnnciPl?. mutt recognise, m trust for Lhin1^ fr&ctI0n; of P»I»rty » Placed dSnS^F -nte iabs0lute !»»1 complete uepen (lence ,ot a Church on casual almsgiving Even here too, a man might be a thier, am! wrong he other members of the body, j i «' Grace there fore, with very orgent reasoning; suawsta the ex pediency of another course, naniui.v, u. seek from the Legislature of the colony an Act. either fwer;i' o,1;,8***'111' for ^^-incorporation.. So that the Church as a Church having corporate existence might, like the Universities of Oxford ^unbridge, Dublin, and London, or our own Colle .'late school, hold property and make by-laws Jindtng on the voluntary members of such Society, urn that only so long as they continue members 'This would give legal permanency arid validity ?o the system winch we have deliberately adopted ml which from a growing conviction of its useful nl? «V- ^:ui!ly cvte»ding to the rural districts. \r.;w.ldl lm nov l'*n sanctioned by. Her Le'^iit!!/1'0^ tratl\ His GnJcc arS'es thnt the wnw« rf ,?' a -c?lony »f»-fclU'ii«!sto that the nembersof .iie .'imiSt.ry- sl!?H »* thrown on the K W lo'n i f J'hureh ' self Is m°™Uy bound to ►his nrinriS* latlveIenact»nent the development of ion JEM1*? enabhn* W and every denomina iwnrfi ana8e lts fumls and enforce its 'Weseeknoaidfromthepublicrerenuf ve Nairn w exceptional dignity,™ a*t ^coerdvevo^ accpt that which fs infierent in the SmstraUc^i rf our own funds and our own re 1 pious rites T We ire quite. willing to share with other reficious immunities the advantages derivable from incor loration. 'From connection with the State, so far as .ourts of Law ure concerned, none can he ixeinpt. To diminish litigation, by defining the egal lowers of each Church, is a simple act of venhamled justice, seeing that such powers are ranted to Trading and Charitable Companies. It s, moreover, in accordance with the spirit of our nstitutions by developing more fully the Aiiluntary irmciple of clerical support. Htning said thus nuch, I unite your early and serious attention to his most important and valuable despatch, 'Missionary Districts.— 1 turn now with con Kicrable pleasure to the progress of missionary nuour and the opening up of new spheres of mim tenal usefulness during the past year. In this work nave been assisted by the counsel of clergy and ynodsmen associated with myself, anil my official oadjutors, the Archdeacon and Rural Deans, as consultation Committee for missionary opera ions, with the view of enabling the Bishop better 0 provide for the spiritual cure of the members if our Church not included ^m the parochial dis ncts. . ? . 'Besides Kobe Town, where the KewR. Reid s exercising his ministry with deserved and in reasing influence, both in the town itself and ad iccnw stations, the district extending from Yarika lla to Cape Jeryis has been placed under the Rev. l. Cooper. Assisted by four lay readers, who have 1 ven themselves heartily to the work, he is enabled i maintain Divine service at five places, and has -?cently laid the foundation of a third church in lie district. 'The Tajunga Mission, comprising the town lip and neighbourhoods of Mount Pleasant and lount Torrens, was confided to the care of the lev. C.'J. Martin; hut my hope of his permanent cttlement in that cure has been disappointed,, nee he has expressed his intention to resign it at le close of six months from his appointment. 'The opportune return of the Uev. JohnFulfont uihled me to fill up an important appoinMncut jconnnended by the Mission Committee; for Inch, on that recommendation, the attorneys of le Society for the Propagation of the Gospel had rovided a sufficient stipend. It was intended that e should pay a visit to Kangaroo Island, ami rrangeiuents Mere initiated for nis going Uiither, ut the steamer failing to make the trip tins object as not accomplished. Meanwhile ample employ- ' lent was found for his services in the district ex Miding from lichunga to Port Elliot. Accordingly appointed him to hold services, as recommended y the Missions Committee, at Maccleslield mid trathalbyn, the Goolwa, Milamr, Port Elliot, ull's Creek, the Bremer, and Wellington. On is accepting the incumbency of Kooringa, so.valu t)le were considered the result* of the missionary uiplain appointment that the attorneys of the Dciety for the Propagation of the Gospel did not esitate to continue the stipend for two years next lsuing, and I was consequently enabled to write \- the Board at home to send out a duly-qualified id suitable clergyman for this Important duty. is quite certain, that upnii the piety and diji ?nce, the discretion and demeanour of the mis onary will depend the prospect of opening self ipporting missions ami eventual incumbencies. Appendices A and B.) 'The discovery of valuable mines in Yorke's, eninsula has drawn together at Wallaroo a popu-: ition already estimated at from 1,001) to 1,500,, insisting principally of .miners from Cornwall heir spiritual wants are provided for by thc Primii ve Methodists and the Wesjcyan connection. 1 tive not, however, been unmindful of tho possible ?ants of the members of our Church, and have ccordingly licensed as lay reader Mr. llerschel labhagc, to hold the Church of England service as ccasion offers. A supply of Pniyer-lmoks has also men forwarded for Kale or distribution; and Mf. Hiarips liahhage, on his own application, has been itpjilied with Church of England tracts for distri UtlOIl. 'Steps have been taken by tho Itcy. J. Sheldon ;-wards the erection of a church at Mount Gam-, ier, in furtherance of which I have received pliers, f assistance from two of the principal settlers in lie immediate neighbourhood. In my rccont isitation of that district I found a rapid change^ iking place, from a purely pastoral to a husy griciiltur.il condition. The opening of Port Muc-t (oniiell has given a great impulse to farming puo nits ; and the very extensive r;m of Mount Scliaiick, limit to be sold, will largely add to the po*p.u1utton. Jnder these circumstances, it appears desirable to nake Gambierton tbe station of a resident minister if our Church. There are ample means, could hey be drawn forth by a resident minister, to. ender tins a self-supjiorting incumbency. Thisv lowcver, is a work of timcand organization, during rhich period the missionary must be maintaiucuj iartially at least from extraneous funds. ' .v 'I found the district at present occupied by Mr. ihelilon far too extensive to he efficiently served.' 5y reducing the number of stations for holding crvice more fraiuent visits have been ensured, nil more time allowed for the demand of pulpit ninistnitions. Mount Gambier has now monthly crvicc, and Penola on alternate Sundays. The iiriner place, however, is making rapid strides Jn rcalth, population and importance, owing to thu ertility of the soil in its immediate vicinity. I lso remarked a great change going on in the occu lancy of stations; the properties either changing lands, or being left to the care of subordinate uanagcrs. The evils of nn altxcn tec proprietary .re already beginning to be felt. This circumstance ilone \yill probably necessitate a rearrangement of his missionary district at the cliisc of the present, njarantce to Mr. Sheldon. 'A recent missionary visit to Melrosc by the. iicv. J. S. Jackson, in pursuance of an arrangement vith Mr. Grant, of Coonatto, has proved very icceptable to the inhabitants of the township ami he numerous persons employed on. the station.' L'he expense of this quarterly missionary- service s entirely defrayed by Mr. Grant; and .it will . ifleetualiy further his intended planting of a resU lent clergyman at Melrosc,. for which he proposes o devote no less a sum than Xl^JK). (Appendix ).) The notes of this missionary tour, as well is Mr. Fulford's to tho south, are appended t o this report, together with a ? brief1 sum--' nary of the operations carried on by thc advice of he Missions Committee. (Appendix C.) Bjit to yhat good purpose will it bu to have opened 'resh districts and built a few rural churches^ f from insufficiency of stipend* worthy dergy nen who labour in the .Word and doctrine are jompellcd one by one to quit thc diocese ? -A ?emedy for this it is important speedily to devise,' .'rippled as we are for want of funds, far mom :rippled are the effective operations of our Chuich rom paucity of men, who neither shrink from ,!ie labour nor dislike the aggressive character of. nissinnary service. It requires, indeed, a rare' ,'oinbination of physical, mental, and spiritual lUiilities to constitute the effective missionary ;!ergyman, and all our rural incumbencies' are. nore or less missionary. Let us pray, then, the Lord of the harvest that He will raise up and send into His vineyard laltourcrs in all respects fitted tot Jo the work of the harvest. Without such agericy ntal religion must languish ; and He lone who knows the heart can thrust forth by the longings of an earnest faith those ministers who shall turn, many to righteousness. Plant and water &s.t;?6 ' will, He alone who gave the seed can also make it spring up and grow up and bring forth fruit abun dantly.' ?Masonic Ball. — This splendid fetQ took place on Tuesday, 7th inst., and was attended by a brilliant gathering of beauty and fashion. '1 he room was tlacorated in. a' style that reflected tHe highest credit upon the Stewards, to whom that duty was confided. In addition to the usual clothing of the walls with 'flags of all nations,'' the grand and mystic symbols of Masonry were artistically arranged in picturesque positions to catch hut not distract the attention or tho Craft; while statuary, fountains, evergreens, and a joyous company completed a scene of fairylike splendour. The dancing commenced shortly after !» o'clock, and was kept up, to Kohler's exquisite music, with a spirit of enjoyment only known 'to tearless eyes and hearts at ease.' His Excclleiwy the Governor-in-Chiuf honoured .and Lady MacDonnell graced the assemblage with their presence. The brilliancy of costume was not, confined to the ladies dresses; the regalia of the , officers and brothers gave a most animated and, ' diversified effect to the numerous groups that whirled through the mazes of the clance, pro menaded the magnificent room, or conversed quietly apartrfrom their more musical coinpanioas.' All the oificers of the Grand Lodge, I.C., were present, and their regalia of light blue contrasted pleasingly with the deeper tint proper to the! Grand Lodge, E.G. At 12 o'clock the'eompany 'descended to the Shades,' where a,n elegant supper waited on their whetted appetites. When the viands had been amply discussed, at which pleasing task the brethren, who were not remark ably active at 'taking the ladies out,' were cerV tainly not the least potent, dancing was resumed and continued with renewed vigour until ' bright chanticleer proclaimed the dawn.' ' Fossil Remains.— Mr. William Burtt, a gentleman who will be remembered by our readers as having accompanied Mr. Babbage on hi 5 northern exploring expedition, has lately found a number of fossil and partly fossilized remains of some extinct animal upon his run at Hergqtt's. 5\. -(rings, near Mount Attraction, about 500 miles, from Adelaide, in a direction somewhat to. thft west of north. They were taken from a bed of s^n J and quartz conglomerate, at a depth of a,«0.irt fivo feet, and* were discovered as tke earth, was being removed for the purpose of cleannsroiit the spnnp at which the cattle were watered. They consist o£ a lower jaw-bone, nearly perfect, several teeth,' portions of tusks, and a number of bones -raprfc orv r 1 ess broken, including portions of the ribs and, thai bones of the legs and feet. They evidently be-; longed to some graminivorous animal o^ pig-hke, form, the bones of the head and jaws bemglarge. in comparison with 'those of the rest of. the body!/ It is probable that the creature 'resembled in soma decree the hippopotamus, but did not e/jual that animal in size; and it may possibly have inhabited tlw muddy bed. which, at a distant period, ex tended from Lakes Torrens and ? Gairdner for some distance inland. Near these bones and teeth Mr . Burtt found several fossil mussels. He intends sending the whole to London for examination by Professor Owen. ' ?. . . ? ? . 