ROGATION DAYS. Tax following letter DM ibeen addressed by thc Blabop of tba Diocese to the Dean of Sydney, and in conformity with tba suggestions contained in it, arrangements hore bean made for Divine Service in the following Churches:- Monday evening, May Otb, Christchurch; Tuesday evening. May Tib, St. James';' Wednesday evening, May Otb, St. Philip'» ; the service to com-, menee at 7.30 eacb omening. On Thnreday morning chere will be Divina Servios . and a Sermon at St. J, m s'. Tbe Holy Communion will be administered. Servida to oommence at ll o'clock-. " _ _ Bishopscourt, April Min, W61. Mt Dor Derra,- * . : ^ I am nawilUng that tba ajrangement which was made last year Xor holding Divine Service in ooma of .tbs Churoheo on the Ro- gation "-ye ebonld be lost sight of at the present lime. 1 rantin a again to suggost that Servieesiight be held in »oms central Chareh, and two or three oongregationa in the east» \- neighbourhood be invited to attend on tho evenings of Mond»*, Tuesday, and Wednesday, the 0th, 7th, and- Bth of May; Sermon» might be preaohed .having reference to the person and work of the Holy Ghost tho Comforter, whom tho Father sends In the aunts or Hi» Beloved Son. Oj'ho morning of Aaoeueion Day the Clergy and aa many of rue Laity aa can attend might bo invited to a Service at St. Junee Church. On thia ocoasion the Holy Communion would De administered. _ ia tb» Evening the usual Service for Ascension Day might be . ? iboldlnalllho Churches. _....»* The design of tho Church in the appointment of the Bogation Alejija to remind na that overy good and perfnet gift cometh from aoove, that wo owe all tho bonutiee of Divine Providonco and the mhos of His graco to the goodneoe and power of oar Heavenly lather; and that as we are bound to acknowledge onr dependence upon the love and wisdom of Almighty Dod.so should wo ospeolslly *ro» Him that loving knowledge of His Son which is His gmthrongh the gracious Influence of th* Holy Spirit (Seeird part nf uMa¥ /or Rngation Week .) -, writo now to oak you to make each arrangoraente with tho Ti *V.2 s,dney aa maybe best calculated to carry oat the idten. uca ortho Church In the eppointment of those d«yo, and also to communicate to the Clergy generally my wish that each of them mt am make it convenient to do so would be present at the Ser »? on,tb« Morning of Ascension Day. May it please Almighty God to accept »nd ble»» thia endeav- our to stir np in our minda a thankful remembrance of Hie nany mercies, and to promote amongst na an increase of holt B»as, peace, and love. I remain, my Saar Bean, Very faithioJIy yours, F. STONEY, . The Very BeverendTho Dsix OW STDSBT. THE WEATHER.-We are gratified to learn frtaoairirions correspondents sad tbs country press that th« werther ls steaming; a w«ry settled upset OTsr tbe colony gsne Z* u>d tlut most fortunately the flood« which threatened to ba .odUutrona to the residents om the Banter, the Hswfcosbnry. «nd in outer places, hare not t>(J»q :ot that«OTtJrs> ohsracter th>t ra# f o TJiinfallj- anticipated. 