CTATVENCí BIVEB HEADS. I (From tlie Clarence Examiner. May 38.) 1 A puoiio meeting was OHIU ai me oonooi OJ AUB, OD Thuredoy last, to petition the Government with referenoe to the works contemplated at the Clarence Heads. The Moyor ooonpied the chair, and opened the pro oeedisgs by reading the adverifrement convening the meeting. He regretted to ron so small an attendance at a meeting of so rnuoh importance, affeoting, a» it did, every resident in the district. He would now oall npon Mr. Fisher to move the first résolution. Mr. Fisher said ho frit some diffidence in moving the resoluticn entrusted to him, owing to the thinness of the mt e'ing. It wonld be in the recollection of most of those present that when agitating for money to be expended in the Clarence district, we succeeded in eliciting from the Go. verninent the sum o' £'¿0,000 for the improvement of the Clarenco and Biobmond Bivers. It bad been admitted that no improvements could possibly be made at t*-e Biobmond bar; therefore that amount was available for improving the entrance at the Clarence Heads. The report of Messrs. Boron and Moriarty, on the Clarence bar, recommended the Government to erect a break, water ; tbere was, however, a great diversity of opinion upon (jtbiB subjeot. Those better acquainted with the Heads were of opinion that such a stop would probably block up tbs channel altogether. If the rooks in the south channel were blown up, he felt certain that a natural channel would be found so. cessible at all times. There wes not a person in tbe whole district that did not antler by tbe detention of the boats. He had no doubt that the Government woald listen and pay some attention to the pr a j er of the peti tionists, seeing we were now desirons of snapping tbe chain asunder. It had been stated that we were to have the prisoners from Cockstoo to earry rut this work; bow ever it was not bis intention to discuss that subj-ot, bot was of opinion that we should nrgo upon the Govern, mont the necessity of proceeding with this undertaking at onoe. He begged to move the resolution, as follows: -" That this meeting having heard that the sum ot £*0,OC4). as been placed upon the parlimnentcry estimates of 1801, for the purpose of removing the exist, iog obstruction*, at the mouth of the river Clarence, desires thankfully to acknowledge tbe esme. Believing, however, that these obstructions are not only frequently the eource of much inconvenience and loss, but are calculated to binder tbe progress and wplfare of the whole district, it would respectfully urge upon the Government the neoessity of commending this pnblio work at the earliest possible period." Alderman Pay ie said that only men of metal Boah as a Foster, a Robinson, a Parkes, or a Dalley, were com;, petent to give an opinion upon marine aurveying, but bow could he (Mr. Payne) bs supposed to know anything of tbe matter T He could tell them, however, that he bsd Berved io survey ship«, and had assisted in the surveying of 8berness, Milford Haven, and tbe English Channel. In 1845 be was .one of the party under Captain Yoill, who surveyed this coast; end NO far baok as that it would be found that Captain Yoill recommended that the rocks in the south cbannol should be blown np, by wbiob a good passage I would at once be effected. It was the opinion of that officer tbat tbe same might be accomplished at a very small outlay. By forming a breakwater at the North Heads, he (Mr. Payne) believed tb»t it would be more injurious than beneficial. He had rnuoh pleasure in seconding the resolution. Mr. HitobinB said it was unnecessary for him to say anything. We were all well aware of the importance of quick and regular communication, and as tho resolution he was about to move waa merely a formal one, he would content himself by reading tbe same to tho meeting, viz., " That a petition embodying the above resolution be prepared, and when signed, forwarded to bis Excellency tb« Governor and tbe Executive Council, end tbat the following gentlemen form a committee for that purpose, viz., Messrs. Hitohirs, Fisher, Laman, A, Lardner, Moyes, Laman, Cuthbert, Alderman Payne, and M'Faddrn." Mr. E. C. Laman seoonded the motion. We had all been inconvenienced through the detention of our boats a the Heads, aud should endeavour to bring about.a better stkte of things. Alderman Payne. proposed a vote of thanks to tbe ohairman. . . . . ? The Majo-, in acknowledging the compliment, raid be believed tbat a breakwater would be deairable, and as thiro was a good bottom for the lime, he thought it would answer tbe end in view ; at all events, it would be impossible to make the bar worse than at present. Di'd TE nv CF H uar AN REMAINS.-During the past week, (sers the Braidwood Observer), as Mr. Dickson, ol Saw-pit Gully was prospecting about tho neighbourhood, be cerne opon some ground which be thought waa likely ta answer, and commencing operations, dog a few feet, when ' he oame upon some board?. Following np tbe discovery, he found that it was a coffin containing human remains, wben Dr. Beer was sent for, when it was found to he the skeldon of a Chinaman, tho flesh npon the bonoB being ranon decomposed, and apparently having been buried for abont tbe to J m of three months. It »ill be recollected (that abont tbat period, a large number of Chinese then residing in tbe locality decamped, their endden departure being accounted for by their labouring under tbe delusion that the neighbourhood was haunted by a ghost. It is now supposed that the exodus took place io consequence of the interment of this body, as it is believed tbat the deceased met with foal play, and bis countrymen left before the outrage could be discovered. We presume tbat some official investigation will be instituted on view of the remains. TUB ACCIDENT FROM FIUKAEMS ON QVEEK'S Biara NiORr.-As usual In Braidwood (says tbe Observer.), the ?¡enius of misrepresentation has been inspired to give sn ncorrect colouring of an accident wbich happened in the Market Green, on tho evening of the Queen's blrf-da*, from the incautious use of firearms, and if was la ly io anticipation that such would be the case, that we mide no comment on the matter in our last issue. As, how «Ter, the fsots have been inoorrectly stated, with a view toprrjudioa one of the parlies concerned, we may as well place on record a correct version of the facts. On tbs night in question, a man named George Bearab, bsd a gun upon the ground, which he kept ditctorging in the nroxiroily of tbs bonfire, and sbot one individnal in the face with tho wadding. Mr. David Biobardeoc, of tba , Digger's Home, arrived in a few minutos after- wards, when Bearch said he would Jilts to have o shot at him. Mr. Richardson replied tbat it was hardly worlb while, or words to tbat effect, io the brief eolloqay had apparently ended, bnt in a few minutes afterwards tbe man again came np and said he would aboot Mr. Richardson, at ten yards distanet, and stepped' back for the purpose of lovelling the gun. Mr. Riobard, son took tbe gun from the man whilo he waa stepping backwards, but subsequently gave it bim back sgain, ciutiooing the man and telling bim not - to ; attempt: to do the thing again;. Ian or' fif teen, minutes afterwards, Bearab said be would aboot Air, Richardson, observing that if bs bed J, had Mm anywhere elie than «hera ha waa, it would hara been a different casa with him, ar words ol tbe «ame tenor. When Beeron was using these threats Mr. Richardson told him he did not care for him nor his threats, bat tbs sooner he dropped them tbe better. Beercb thea jamped baok, and was in t .e act of levelling tba gap, when Mr. Richardson arizfd it by the muzzle, and giving it a sadden wrench. Beeren slicking to his bald, till the parties got close to tbe bon- fire, got it away ind it flew in tbe fire, the hammer striking against a log and causing it to explode. The wadding, which appeared to ba made of rounded leather, straoh Mr. Richardson on the shin, and afterwards hit Mr. Wealand, who stood jost beh'nd bim, in the fleshy part of tbe leg, Mr. Wealand was conveyed to the Don- caster, wbero be was attended by Dr. Beer, and Bearcb was taken into custody, sud will appear to answer the consequences of his sot (to-morrow) Thursday. r7e understand that the affair took plaee under view of several members of the police force, and that their evi- dence will prove the state offsets now published. THE TOUÜT.-The Wynyard Times says:-A mass of amalgamated gold, weighing some 200 oz. 10 dwts. wis last week tamed oat of a retort attaebed to tba Beefer Machine, Adelong Tbis gold wai the prodaoa of qnax'z reduced at tbat mill, and extrieted from tba claim cf Messrs. Jamil on (late Jenkins'}, on the Old or Main Beef. It is also worthy of notice that tba quartz in question wat secured after hiving penetrated through the strata of white unproductive Biliös, that a Mr. Dalton once prophesied would terminate tbs necessity of further resesrob. A miner of the name of Richardson, who nearly twelve months ago met with an aeoidentof a most serious ohanoter in a claim upon tte Old Beef, was equally unfortunate whilst working in a shaft on tba Victoria Beef, having missed bis footing, and fallen a distance of some 70 feet. Ba was severely broiled, but sustained no fracture of any limb. 