NOMINATION' FOR WEST MEL BOURNE. RETURN OF MR LOADER. Die nomination of a member to serve in the Legislative Assembly as ono of the representatives for the electoral district of West Melbourne, in the room of Mr Loader, 'who had vacated his seat by the acceptance of an office of profit under the Crown, took place yesterday at twelve o'clock, at the Western Market. About 200 persons were present. Mr W. II. Tucicett, the Returning Officer, haying read the writ authorising him to procecd to the election of a member for the said district, called on the electors to nominate suitable can didates to represent them. Mr Cr. PiuLLirs had the pleasant duty to per form of again proposing for their acceptance their old and tried representative, Mr Thomas Loader. (Cheers.) lie was glad thnt the opposition party had shown tho wisdom not to bring forward an other candidate, who must inevitably have been defeated. Mr Shields had great pleasure in seconding the nomination of Mr Loader, and submitted that Mr Loader's services for the past two years, which wore well known to the public, were the best 'uaranteo that could bo offered for his good con duct and faithful service in the future. The Returning Officer having invited any person desirous of doing so to nominate other candidates, and mooting with no response, de clared Mr Loader duly elected to serve as a memberof the Legislative Assembly for the district of West Melbourne. Mr Loader came forward and said : Mr Re' urninc Officer, and electors of West Mel bourne,— I feel exceedingly obliged to you for tho confidence which you have again placed m me, though not at all surprised at it, for liaving done my duty to the best of mv ability in Parliament, I fully expected to continue in your confidence. But it is not on that account at all the less welcome to mo. Your present position as elec- 1 tors of West Melbourne is this : that your dis trict is not at all represented in Parliament. One of your members being away in Queensland, lias i lost his seat for the present by being thrown from his horse (ironical cheers ana laugnier; ; the other has lost his seat by what may bo called a ' constitutional fluke.' (Renewed laughter.) You know that on the last occasion you returned me under the Heales Administration, as Postmas ter-General. The peculiar circumstances attend ing the resignation of the late Commissioner of Trade and Customs may require some explanation from me. Usunlly when a member of the Admin istration resigns, he hold office until his successor is appointed. But in the case of the late Minister of Trado and Customs, he resigned without the usual condition ; and in consequence, there 'was no Commissioner of Trade and Customs to per form the duties of the department. Now the , Customs Act requires that the officer at the head of tlie department should sign all i documents for the receipt and payment of money, , I and as this function can bo exeiosed by no other | ! officer, in the absence of an acting Commissioner , the whole of the large cash business of this de partment might be arrested. This was reported to the Chief Secretary, and the Chief Secretary re quested me to accept oftice for a few days until a successor could bs appointed. I immediately I made inquiry '\vliether it would be legal for me to | do so, and I was told that it would not be illegal, j I accepted it accordingly, without the slightest ? hesitation ; and certainly when I met the House I was a3 little prepared to hear tho honorable and learned member for the Ovens, Mr Wood, move a ? i-.i* ? T harl lost mv rusuxuwuu tu - ? ---- — j seat, as I was prepared to undertake a journey to the moon. ('Hear, and laughter.) But having seen that a majority of the House was likely to come to a resolution affirming the ille gality of the appointment, notcn grpunda of per- | sonal opposition, but from conscientious constitu tional motives, I immediately resigned, lo meeting my constituents, I had not tho slightest objection. (Hear.) On the contrary, I was very happy to have the opportunity and pleasure of doing so, — fully conscious that my constituents had approved of what I had been doing in the House. (Hear, hear.) And the result to-day proves that I was fully justified in my estimate of the confidence which they reposed in me, and which I have never lost, or done anything to lose. (Hear, hear.) But it ever a change should come* and my constituents should think me no longer worthy of their confidence, I shall bo most happy to get rid of the responsibi lity which it entails. Of course, it is unnecessary i that I should refer at length to the general politics I of the day, of which the daily prints have lately informed the public so largely. (Cheers and laughter.) But I simply desire to say this, as Commissioner of Trade and Customs, and as Post master- General, I have resigned both these ofhees, the one without salary, and the other with. salary ; and I have . accepted the Commissionership of Trade and Customs with salary. (Cheers and laughter.) And secondly, in the office which I have accepted, the Immigration Depart ment comes under my control, and it will be satisfactory to you to know that I am as strongly in favor of immigration as before. (Cheers and groans.) One of my friends here has been tailing about the excessive population. But I say there must be an increase of population if we would increase the supply and demand for labor, produce, and wealth. lie says there are thousands Etarvinz here. But until we have po pulation we never can have advancement and prosperity. (Hear, and dissent; 'We are too many already;' 'Open th© lands;' ' Don t humbug us,' &c.;) In connection with this mat ter, I shall be happy to offer some encouragement to the growth of cotton in this colony. I think that recent disturbances in another country wili afford an opening for it in this. But nothing can be done without population. There are many ways of improving the country open to a progres sive Ministry, and I shall have great pleasure in doing everything in my power to introduce such mat'ers. I am exceedingly obliged to you for the confidence you have displayed in me, I may say for the warm reception you have given me — not tlie kind of warmth, however, that would have been excited by a contested election. (Hear.) I was not at the present time prepared to enter into an exciting contest, although I could have no doubt a3 to the result ; and I am there fore glad that my opponents have had the good sense to avoid entering into a contest, and exciting personal feelings, the result of which could only have been adverse to thorn. (Cheers. ' They knew they hadn't the ghost of a chance.' &c.;) Mr Loader concluded by moving a vote of thanks to tho Returning Officer. Mr PniLLirs seconded the motion, and The Returning Officer having thanked the aasemblage for their orderly conduct, and expres sed his satisfaction that no opposition had been offered to Mr Loader's return, Tho meeting dispersed at twenty minutes past 12 o'clock. 