ST. BARNABAS* SCHOOL. THE ceremony of hying tbe foundation stone o school-house, in connection with St. Barnabas Cbni Parramatta'-atreet, took ptaoe yesterday afternoon, tbe premises adjoining the ohnrob. Tbs ceremony performed by bia Eioellenoy Sir John Young, L Young, and Lord John Tey lour, were also present. I o'clock in the afternoon was the hour appointed for eeremony, and notwithstanding the showery state of weather, soon after that hour the carriage of his ] oelleocy appeared in view. Toe children of the distr who attended the servoas and Sunday inattuolioni tbe aburoh, lined both tides of the Uno through wb his Eioellenoy was to paas from Parramatta-streel the place where the site chosen for tbe building, wh is at the rear of the church, and fronts Athlone-pli His Excellency and Lady Yoong werertoeived at entrance to the lane by the Very Ber. Dean Cowper, I .Rev. Thomas Smith, '(incumbent of the obn'roh.) a tho Honorable Charles Kemp, M. L. C., and condun1 to the scene of the oerimony. There were several bi dred persona present, chiefly members of Mr. Smit congregation, and residents of the immediate nei| bonrbood. All belog ready for proceeding with l eeremony, the Rev. Thomas Smith commenced tba p ceedin&s; by reading a portion of toripture fri Deuteronomy, 'Otb obapter, 4tb tn 24 b verse. T oolleot-" Prevent us, &o; ," St. Simon, St. Jade, si St. Barnabas, wero also read. Tba Very Rev. DEA» then offered up a special pray after which he addressed his Exoellency the Govern io.Chief, requesting him to do them the favour lo i the eton J. Four years ago, be said, the Rev. A Smith was licensed sa a preaober and a oateohist; was subsequently ordained as a minister, and the fri of h s Bsaious labours in the distriot was tho obur they »aw, and the Babool they were commencing. 1 had also a Sunday.sohool, attended by 800 ohildren ai a goodly number of teaobers. The demand for a soco] eduoation to the ohildren of the distriot WOB ve evident j and it was tboaght advisably for tho parpo of importing an eduoation of that obaraoer, to ralsi sohool.houüo. The eouool-house might also be used a plooo for the delivery of popular leotures. The was abundance of demand for tbe sohool. It would in connexion with St. Barnabas' Churob, and conduot in accordance with the prinoiples of the Church of En land. By it, Christianity would,_frora early boyhood, infused into the rising oommunity-thar obaraot wbioh ie the stability of nations. Ho was sure would bo grateful to his Excellency's feelings to li the foundation stone. . - Tbe stone was then lowered into its place. In oavity beneath it wns plaoed a bottle containing tl Empire and Herald of yesterday, and Borne silv coins ; OIEO, a parobment bearing the following insori lion : - . . Tho foundation stono of thia achoo], in connection with I Burilado»' Church, Parramatta-alrcst, Sydney, was *4a by his Excollenoy Slr John Young, K.O.I Governor In-Chiof, ? on Tuesday, November IStb, 181 Hight Itevorand Frodoilok Barker, DD., Lo Billion of Sydney i Hov William liacqoario Cowper. M.A., Dei of SyJaoyi Hov. Thomas Smith, Incumbent ut St. Barnabi Church. Chiuohwardons-A. Earnshatv, Hov. Thomas Mille Ooorgo Griffiths Contracter for tbs building, A. Earnaha« arhitccct, Edward Thomas iilaalcott, Eiq. Tue stone having oeen lowered, his Eioellenoy etruc it thrice with a'mallet and Bald, I deolare this'stone I be Iru'y laid. I have boen requested to use the folio» ing form : -" I lay this stone aa the foundation eton of a sohool- houBB in'connection with the Churob of S Birnabas in thia place, for the eduoation'nf'tho youl of this distriot, in aeoordanoe with the dootrine and dil oipline of the Church of England, in.the name of tb Futber, the Son, and the Holy ' Ghost, Amen, His Eioellenoy then addressed tbe assemblage. -H had great pleasure in laying the foundation stone c this lobool; he hoped it would answer all the expeota lions of its founders, and would prove a benefit an blessing to tho inhabitants of the diitriot. The parent! he was eu rp, would set a high value on the advantage c a lound instruction for their ohildren. No greate benefit eould be conferred on a community than a soan education. Whether as an individual.. or a oom m un I ty, they eould have nj greater enemy than ignc ranee. AB individuals, by lt they were debarred froi many employments, from tbe benefits of which the wonld.be thereby shutout; BB a oommunity, they woul be exposed to every variity of deoeption, to every variit ¡ of error. In a free count *y it was of the ottnott in portBnoe tb.it tie ohildren ahoutd be brougl t up with Cbriitlan knowledge-in t*t»t kind of knowledge whio j would 11tody them through Hie. He was glad t) u'ndei | ttiod th.t tho business of the aobool would bs t regulttad as to perm.t ol evening leotures being giver Due ittintion would thereby bo given to tbe improve ment nf the mind. Not merely should the children b tiugbt to learn the lessons given them, bot they sbooli understand what they learn, and apply whtt they leon to t ie development of their ni t ire and to tb ?» support c tboir dignity. Thry would ensure résped, become up right and viitiouB, and worthy of a btt'.er recompenai hereafter. The Rev. THOMAS SMITH then addressed the nsscm blage very briefly. He expressed his thanks to Si John Young fir laying the fo iodation i tone, end to Ljd; Young for ber presence. He regretted the weather wai so unpropitious, but boped it would be favourable wber tboy .would have, fit ir flrrt lecture in the nea school. There were three hundred and silt/children nf all denomina ions attending the Sunday sohool, o number nf them were Roman Catholics. There were amongst them all the denominations in Sydnoy,- not omitting evon th J Unitarians. He was truly thankful to bis people ; they had built a Ohnroh for their God) they had built a house for himself; and now they would build a schoolhouse for their obi dren. The building would cost about £710 ; of this sum £0D0 bad been voluntarily subscribed. About £100 waa required; thia sum he was confident they would eoon git. Again ex- pression hil thank«, he retired. Tbe Very Rev. DEAN OB SVONEY then pronounced the benediotion. Three che« r« were given for bis Fxsellenoy and Lady Young, and a collection in aid of the building, having been made, the assemblage distorsed Just as a very heavy shower of rain oo'mmenaod to fall. Before concluding thia report, it mus*, be remarked that there was an entire abaenoo of accommodation for tho repreaentalives of tbe Treas, a circumstance and want of oonrtosy very unusual at ceremonies of tho kind. Tho reporters were oompelled to take their notts tbe best way they eould, being rudely joBtled by a number of ralbi r unruly children . by>hom they wore surrounded, and no table or seats being provided. One halt of tho building will be 00 feet by 80 feet, and the otbor half 00 feet by CO feet. Itselovatlon will bo 14 Icet from the baie. It 1B to bo built ol briok and stone, and when completed willfit is osculated, ba oana ld ol holdiog DOO children. Tbe arohiteot is E. TV Blacket, Esq., and contractor, Hr. A. Earnsbow. 