COOEE !! A TALE OF YANDOIT Twenty years ago the still sun-flood of the wilder ness fell, lighting with its warmth and beauty the then green vallies and smooth, grassy hills of Yan- doit, with the same brightness, and an equal radi- ance, that now dwells on its upturned earth and white, gleaming tents,— that mirrors itself on its yellow pools and broken stream, and glints from barked trunks and tall, massive trees. The dear brook ran past, reflecting back the overhanging sun in myriad spkaklings, cradling in its bed the deep azure of the summer sky, and reproducing there the white convoluli of its banks, that clam- bered to the light on green, overhanging shrubs, to lift their creamy petals to sun and beauty, and patch the stirring air, that knew no other sounds save the notes of the wild bird, the shrill whoop of some savage tribe, or the whisperings of the forrest's voice. On one of these eveninga when the sun had set with a wondrous beauty when the trees were losing their yellow glow, growing grey and sombre in the oninnig gloom, wheu the. stream grew' sullen "«p i dark beneath foe Borroanding -ehadowa, foe heavy : solitude was startled by the sharp, rifle-like crack rfA wMp,"merinng«traogely foe hitherto unbroken etainera.J,&on.; the ajow mnfjed Bounding of ap- proadnog wfaeela was heard, then foe hoarse, -d?ep Vtnce of tbe driver broke, fur the first (ime to r ages, foe stirred edtoes wito foe language and kxearafoma of the white man. .1 . ,.,'u -, There was saqiefoing oppreativ? in foe calm that btrfe Ks voice'&r; into -foe thli-lr ark forest aome foihg jfeariolim foe rnhnberlras itaatinns thfo fo rew bade mockjngly ijis paasifiqate exclamations, and gloomy inthe ueaaelesa, mnnBTqhons wail of .the watercourse, that came tumbling down from pred- piceto .preoipice itmojigst .- tlie yairui ng fissures of jtebed. The ipllodc dray had only one .oconpaufc Who was foatfti on the top of w'rale of assratiecs -require - in -the dirltattedi, ahd,)foBp pfjfoen Arnrinoafo and enuneutlyfrtted to bearBinStindyitedfou . whaMted-in foe dray/ca-'fo Kityt, tt# driver, mm who.ihtM'.ldiiiraFtete mfoeirt?rratrtlu AdzUid., notrrithstandtag his rpaghDess and calling, proved htmaelf on more than one occasion to lie bofo faithfid and attached. ' I think; said theman, brinpng his tJ»m to a halt fo he addressed ber, "» We may camp here tp-nigfat. The master said he'd overtake us by sundown, aud if we get &r; into the ranges he won t tesMato find as, and be as like as not to lose him 1 1 think -so, . too, Anight ; but . before -unyoking foe bollocks, make a large fire that lie may-foe more easily guide his course by iu' ' That's easy done ; plenty timber here but will you oome down first f \- Knight helped foe lady to. foe ground, and pro ceeded to kindle a fire; foe rnddy glare of which shone far -through foe long white trees, shedding aronnd -a warm, cheerful light, dd air undefined shadowing farther out on' frowning rocks and coat: tered patches of thick, glistening shraba The tired bullocks were soon released from their yokes, spreading themselves in the falling darkness over the luxurious herbage, the sounds of their bells ringing clear and musical above the moaning of the stream, or the mysterious whisperings of the trees. I'll go for some water farther down ma'm; I'm afraid to trust myself amongst these rocks in the dark.' said the servant, who approached with a large wooden bucket on (pa arm, that he had taken from the dray. Don't be long away, Knight, she responded fear fully. You remember we saw the remains of some native camps as we came aloqg to-day, and it's pos sible there may be some tribe near foe place still ' ' lit not be long,' he replied ; blacks don't wan der of a night ; but if anything happens, he conti nued, tyghing, that he might reassure her, « (Tl cooee !' " The lady, who now -felt anxious concerning the return of her husband and party, which consisted of four horsemen, and his own servants, was busying herself in taking from the dray such articles as might be required for their evening meal, and get- ing as far as possible everyting ready for their ar- rival, looked timorontiy affer the retreating figure of her servant, and delt a creeping thrill of fear as his sturdy figure became lfot to view heyoqd fo? glimmerings of the fire. Her preparations being ended, the young wife turned to a book she had been reading, and seating herself partially beneath the shadow of the waggon, tried to pass away the time until the return of her husband. It was a book of all others the most suited to her situation, one that contained within its pages promises of rest and protection for the wanderer, and a home where all dangers would be past, and trials and sorrow find no abode. At night and morning since her childhood she dad studied its precepts, and found it now, as ever a source of con solation and solace. She read long and earnestly, trying to crash down the gathering fears that were crowding to her heart, by applying its texts of com fort and assurance to herself, and casting her cares on Him who had premised. Gradually the firelight dimmed, and she reclined back against the dray wheel, under a strong feeling of drowsiness that began to steal over her. She tried to rouse herself, to watch the calm beauty of the night, lit up by the silvery glory of the full November moon, lying pure and still on the slum bering trees, and chequering with heavy shadow the soft, smooth earth. Her sleep was broken and disturbed, if sleep it could be called ; it was more a torpid feeling of sur rounding danger, an anxious longing, stirring the mind to wakwfulness, against the inactivity of the body, with an undefined sense of dread hovering over alL Twice in this dreamy state she seemed to hear a plaintive ' cooee' come trembling on the stream, coupled with the rounds of harrying feet; merging again into the footfalls of her husband's horses, that seemed ever coming nearer and then dying away. Thro she seemed Us see foewhole'party rash by her, signing as they passed, but making no noise, so riot? that rite could feel the air stirred about her by foeswifrnestiof their speed, " She tried to call on them, to make some noise that they might hear ber and return. She struggled and writhed beneath the heavy, thralling torpor, and awoke—awoke with a heart sinking with terror; with every nerve strong tq its utmost tension. James Knight had not returned. "Knight!" Her voice sounded feeble and tremulous, as though it feared to go forth on the horrible silence, tore ro$d rot caff again. Rising hurriedly to her feet, with limbs trembling beneath her, but mastering her weakness by a strong effort of foe will, she -walked beyond foe glare cast by the fire, in the direction where he had disap peared- " Mrs Henly had no idea of the length of time she bad been in this half-torpid state, but she conld see the moon wqs high, almost in the zenith, and she most have remained so a long time. "Why does not Knight come back?" She repeated to herself the question, time after time, .until the remembrance of foe ' cooee she seemed to have heard, when reclining betide foe dray, came upon ker like an ice-breath, slowly, start- lingly — till her blood felt cold and chilly, .although the drops of perspiration were standing on her face and bands. She tried to listen, there were no other sounds on the night to prevent the slightest noise being heard distinctly, all was calm and beautiful ; foe broad moonlight Uy with its ghastly silver every where falling around foe white branchless trees, breaking into white tracery on the foliage, dancing silently to the murmuring of the stream, castingsliadows around the high overhanging rocks ; and the far clear stars looked down with soft trem bling eyes, still and changeless. The moon it seemed to follow her everywhere with its' thin ghost-like smile; she longed fo ahriekont, feeling U would re lieve her. wishful to break the heavy solitude that was weighing down her heart and brain ; she would go to the oray, get under its shadow — any place where ehe might escape the elfin light/and try to oh, I cannot ! Why is Kuigbt not come back ? — my husband, why are you, sat here ? Hearken ! I hear a round of something — there it is, tramp, tramp; tbqy are coming at last, thank God! perhaps they conld -not find me sooner - there it is igmo, plainly, palpably.' Yet the eonnd -came no nearer ; though foe dis tant .regular noise continued plainly as ever it did not approach; alas 1 young wife;' it was but foe beatingof your own heart. Mrs Henley was returning to the camp with every sense in that rushing whirl that always fallows au acute nervous trial, when there (use, faintly, trem blingly, it is tree, hut stirring strangely foe silence, disturbing by Its sound foe very night— foe cooee of her dream. It was too much— there was danger now.- Cthf baw treachfWpB "was the solitude, how fearful the calm, that shrouded the dark vengeful stroke, that hid the deed of blood 1 What danger might .not " ber husband be in 7 She walked totter- ingly from very.fear, and ere gaining foe fire sank .overcome near a huge qharred log, witit aQ. sense and feeling merged into one great wish to hear. Cooee !— clear, fuU, tauntingly, in unnatural exnlto- tiop, fram theyciy tree-above her bead; foe sound came, beating back with a crnel buffet the high pul- satious of ber heartl and smiting the swimming brain, riie feinted, a? the rustling of the foliage and whirr of- wings -wuhnuneed.- foe .fright mLfoenuihti When Knight left his mistreeshe proceeded, a considerable distance down the: stream; lhat he1 might find a sppt from, whence be could more easily draw the water ; not inspecting danger. ie walked lasutriy on, mrveyirig from time to time-foe traces heptosba with his. team, noting as fares potable the cbatactentLcs of the connhry whiao bis roaster had tignified liis-intenlioh of takty an his neir abode ; be saw not the dark form of a blackfellow that waiffy frdlaweS his footsteps gliding after him from tree to:tre «fepimig over dead branches, rad moving along the grassy tnrf with foe silence and speed bf a epirit-- Apart from its -tiuQling interest, ittoalringw fissg to aiitr with what cetiaintv and quickness bo fdtewed the white man, never be- : trayjng, iiy-foe rustity bf a'eaf,br foeriigbtest aquao-reridenlri -to a imistakrn step, his close preri- mityi Pafhape borne frriing rioq to wandng,3ti5 is never distant from the epirif id-tnomrots bf dangri " jioiiit-foreritadowing of ourhigher nature, ' madeiKnigbt panto; he'Iooked -hurriedlywwtd— not that be Jieardianjdlnng, bat -wifo-anfindefined feeling that ttere riiiit be danger intking neato- fo»ifoe place, -etraugefo'hlni, inightliefoe abode of tribes as lawless wad savage as aeariv all others were -In .foe .warty dqya Of e'fefltyf'bepSa intofoegk>eui,'4>utril :wjts hnthed and quiet, not a sound-met jiis-eat wave ifie jcontinuongvnqnnnf bf ttetoet Seoojuiami tlte bank;-be washbont )to ing senses wotdd allow him the place, but saw Mopoke nothing, heard no noise, although rpmjtipfaig uotioQ less a long time — the Kri: seemed aa adest and sorted as before. ' Ee&rfol; of )fyapy altogether ibe senses that were dessrting hSm, hs alloved himself to aok (UBelestiy on tbe stones, that he might rest himself, end, haply, -bathe his head with the waters j for he felt the , hot blood cosing from the wound, end saturating his clothes. Having fhe spot with as little noise as possible, bf was in the apt of trying to regain the camp, whep he saw a sight that quenched the dim light of hope with a sickening prospect of death. From beneath the shadow of a gum gem tree. the naked form of a savage seemed to glide with; a poised epear cautions step j bis Ngore looming «>h sombre against the dear bine slcy, studded aitii its thousand, stars,- ready to finish the work be begun. KaiAt felt" he was doomed ; he lenew his enemy sawhizn, and was certain he could expect no mercy — experience hadtaoght him thk. Bpnrciog up with a desperate eflbrt, be cooeed long and long, startling for a moment hH murderer. It was hut for a uRDeflt; the cast spe&r; dew towards Ihe victim, burying itself deep into his side. With a whoop the savage sprang after him, as he stag coed tip the slightly precipitous bank, in a taint hope of eroding his pursuer : but he scarcely gained tlie ferel ground when be fell, from' weak ness, heavily, among the brush woodth&t; lined the stream. A long time passed away, long even to the dying man, who conld hear the wandering footsteps of his enemy in circles round the place. The cold, hopeless, suspense at last ended, and James Knight died be neath the tomahawk ofhis foe ; still tai&fal;, it tras there tiie servant aent forth the warning sound that crept like a -diiver -iip tiie rocky dream, among the listening tree through the hnwhed night, anddo wn dp the heart of his mistress. When His Henly awoke to consciousness, the sound of strange voices fell aronnd her— tiie wild, riie-riosed-ber eyesagtqn, fearful of 'seeing some thing that would speak too strongly of her bqsband's qodrorvanlb fete. Trying to. remember "foe subse quent occurrences of the evening, her feelings of fear aqd terror returned with renewed strength, rendering her fer foe moment powerless, beneath the dread of finding her worst anticipations realised, When she could gather strength to look towards the fire, she was prepared for for worst, and although "ber heart stood still, she gazed recklessly amongst the group, witbfql to. end qt once foe acute qgony of suspeqse that was to. ber worse than deafo. Five natives were seated around! foe fire; foeir forms indistinctly seen by foe dying embers ; one was. addressing foe others with fierce gestures, ex plaining bis recent exploit with the white span, and pointing froqt time to time to a spear aqd toma hawk that lay beside him, foeir figures seeming to start into gigantic proportions, as foe smiting .flames lit np their -dark- glistening bodies! Scattered on the ground were the various contents of the dray, which foe -savages at intervals turned to examine; expressing foe while foeir different emotions of Bur- prise and pleasure." While pursuing their discoveries, there fell from out a bundle they were trying to unloose, one of those small circular mirrors that have since become so common. Its bright sparkling, when jcflecfcmg back foe rays of the fire, caught at foe same time the eyes of two of foe natives ; both sprang forward, eager to possess the prize; both grasped it at fbsnt the same instant, with mutual Sate in their countenances — with defiance lowering from their glittering eyes; a moment and foeir black nude-forms were twisting and coiling around each other; in a deadly struggle— both unarmed, yet both men of powerful build, they strained with all foe power of their savage natures to gain the gleaming toy. Breathless, striving, they warped and staggered from from companions to some distance from the place, and locked in each outer's arms, from wtuclr the strong muscles sprang like cordage ; mingling together their hot breaths, breast to "breast, they fell across the half-reclining form of foe white spectator. - Clear, thrilling, piercing, was the shriek that rang from the young wife : away, away, tar down amongst the lone Yandoit hills it flew, catching back the echoes as it sped, until it rolled wide over the quiet plains, with a volume of startling sound. 'Cooee !' This time it was no illusion—this time it came from a full, manly voice, taken up by num- bers more, until the wooded dells reverberated with the cry, bringing terror to the blacks, and safety and her husband to her. It is almost needless to state that Henly did not settle there, or that his wife ever forgot the night , spent by her at Yandoit, and called for many a year after Knight's Fall. BREACH OF PROMISE — GIRDLEW v. ALLSOP— This was an action brought to recover damages for a breach of promise of marriage. The plaintiff is a young woman of 27 years of age, and had formerly lived in the service of the defendant, a wheelwright at Sutton. The defendant was said to be consider- ably over 70, but from his appearance, which was remarkably vigorous aud brisk, he might have been far younger. It appeared that the plaintiff had left the service of the defendant about 2½ years ago in the family way. The child which was born died shortly afterwards, though it was not suggested that the defendant was the father. He shortly afterwards, in company with the plaintiff, paid a visit to its grave, taking with him flowers, a trowel, and a watering-pot. The visit, however, did not lead to any ulterior results, and some time (about a year and a half) after, the young lady kept company for a short period with a musician. In the meantime; however, it got noised abroad that the plaintiff had had a windfall ; that a certain Mr Nichols; also an " old flame"of the plaintiff's, had died, leaving her a "beautiful" brig, as she called it, and L3,600. This led fo a revival of the defendants attachment, and he immediately took the place of the musician in the young lady's affections. In the month of May last, the defendant purchased a license, and next day went in company with the plaintiff to the office of an attorney to draw up marriage settlements. Both were most liberal in their propositions, the intended husband dealing to have the fortune settled on her ; she, on the other hand, wishing to give it to him. But the practical attorney in question, doubting that so much generocity could have a solid foundation, put some questions to the young lady about the na- ture aud locality of her fortune, she described her investments in the Three per Cents, with very great minuteness, and likewise so expatiated on the beauty of her brig, which she said she had just had " copperbottomed all over." But the defendant was, probably, not satisfied, for thongh, on the faith of the promise of marriage and the purchase of the license, he commenced and for some time continued to enjoy the privileges of a husband, he did not seem inclined to sanctify the relation according to the rites of the Church. After waiting six months, the plaintiff put the matter into the hands of her attor ney. The defence was somewhat extraordinary. After the incedent of the grave, somethung slightly romantic might have been expected from a wheel- wright of 70,bnt he now stated in prosaic language of pleaders, " for an equitable plea," that he made the promise of marriage "solely on the faith of a certain representation that the plaintiff was in posession of a certain shim&c.;, whereas, in truth and in fact, she was not posessed &c.; Unfortunately for the plainitiff, notwithstanding the pathetic appeal of Mr Power, and the fact that the plaintiff was now eight month's gone with child, the jury were of the same opinion as the defcndant-that the brig and the Three - per-Cents. were part of the bargain— and gave him a.verdict accordingly. English Paper. 