Local and District News. WEST MORETON ELECTION.—As will be seen from an advertisement, Mr. G. Thorn has resigned his seat for West Moreton. Two candidates have already been brought forward for the seat which he has vacated—Mr. J. P. Bell and Mr. B. Crbb. Each ofthese gentlemen can command the support of a large body of the constitu- ency, and if no other competitors are brought forward, we may expect a closer contest for the representation of this district than we have yet witnessed. THE CHAMPION RACE.-The boisterous weather at the time the Yarra Yarra started, prevented the shipment of the horses which were expected, to arrive by that steamer. By the Telegraph, however, there have arrived Mr. Tait's mare Zoe, and another horse belonging to that gentleman, which is intended to run for the Maiden Plate. Mr. Single's Ben Bolt and Lord Raglan also arrived by the same vessel. Fisherman came down on Saturday, and looks well considering the weather and the road he had to undergo. IMPORTED RAMS.—By the Phoenician, which arrived on Wednesday last, twenty-one very fine rams have been imported. They were landed yesterday in good condi- tion. Two of the number shipped unfortunately died on the passage .Of the above number, eleven were im- ported for the North British Australasian Company commonly called the Aberdeen;Company), having been selected by Mr. Bigge, from picked stud flocks in Ger- many. They are at present at Mr. Burt's, in Pitt- street, and will shortly be sent to the Rosenthal Station, on the Darling Downs. The other ten rams belong severally to the Peel River Company, to Captain Hamilton, and to Mr. Bigge, and have been taken to Mr. Martyn's Horse Bazaar.—S. M. Herald. THE SNOWY RIVER.—The Kiandra gold field, of which so much has been said and written, appears to have gone the way of all gold-fields. The organ of the district, which at one time had every prospect of turning out to be a very profitable commercial speculation, has gradually fallen off, in advertisements, and after lingering longer than could have been expected in a moribund con- dition, the Alpine Pioneer has at last given up the ghost. The late journal, however, has undergone a meteam- psychosis, and has enternd into a new form of existence as the Monaro Mercury, and will be published in Cooma. We trust that our contemporary under his new title will receive all the support that his pluck deserves. CRICKET.—From all that we can hear it is not likely that the match between the North .and South Brisbane cricketers will come off;just yet—the prevailing idea being that the match should be played on the next two Saturdays (weather permitting), and that the return match should be played on St. George's Day, the 23rd instant. So far as we can hear this view of the question is likely to be carried out, pending of course the present unsettled state of the weather,. and in the event of a signal.victory on our part it is very probable that a challenge may be forwarded :to our Ipswich.friends for the Queen's Birthday.— Courier. FATAL ACCIDENT AT ENOGGERA CREEK. —On Thursday last, information reached town to the effect that on the previous evening a man, woman, and bullock team in attempting to cross Ennogera Creek has been carried away by the flood. A constable was at once despatched to the scene of the accident. The body of the man was recovered on Thursday; but that of the female was not found till the following day. That of the woman was discovered about a quarter of a mile from the spot where the accident was supposed to have taken place, and that of the man about half a mile down the creek. An inquest was held yesterday at Ennoggera Creek upon the two bodies, which proved to be those of John Dunford and his wife. Dr. Cannan, coroner of the district, presided, and five jurymen were present. The following is the evidence elicited at the examination. Joseph Gridley sworn - " I am settler living at Ennoggera Creek; have known the deceased three years. During that time they travelled with their dray up and down the road. They always returned drunk as they passed my house. They passed my house last, on Wed- nesday about four or five o'clock in the afternoon. Dunford came into my house and lit his pipe; he was not sober, but not so drunk as I have seen him. The woman remained on the dray, and drove on the bullocks whilst he stayed to light his pipe. I told him the creek was rising, but he took no notice of it. He said he 'did not care which end go forward.' On Thursday morning Moses Adsatt came and asked me if I had seen anything of him. I told him I had seen them both last night on their way homeward. Adsett told me the bullocks were drowned. We made a search, and found the body, of John Dunford yesterday afternoon, half a mile from where the bullocks were found, and the body of Catherine. Dunford about half that distance down the creek. No man in his senses would have attempted to cross the creek at the time. There were eight or nine feet of strong running water." —The jury found a verdict of "Accidental death by drowning, whilst the deceased were in a state of intoxication."—Ibid. PORT DENISON.—In the Sydney Morrning Herald appears the first intimation of a vessel being laid on direct from Sydney to Port Denison. The clipper brigantine Buonaparte was advertised to sail on Friday last. Adverting to this fact our contemporary says. "'Many berths, as well as a considerable amount of freightage, have been already engaged. The reports that have reached us concerning this new.and extensive district have been the.means already of inducing a large number of' Victorian and New South Wales squatters.to wend their way to the Northward for the purpose of pastoral pursuits. Northern Queensland seems undouby- edly destined to occupy a prominent place in the cluster of Australian settlements. The olimate of this new district is reported as being remarkably fine, the winter months resembling the climate of.Madeira, and the heat of the sun during the middle of summer obscured by the clouds of the rainy season. During the inland expedition, last year, Mr. Dalrymple describes the highest reading of the thermometer during the summer at 98, and the average temperature 83½. The solution of this rather remarkable problem accounted for from the constant flow of the south-east trade winds, thus preventing the advent of hot or equatorial winds, as well as tending to 'temper the climate in a wonderful degree, so that within this district the heat felt is not in any degree more severe than is experienced in many portions of extropical Australia, nor even equal to the heat felt on the plains of the Barwan, Bogan, or Darling. The grass is always green, and the soil extremely rich, and as the production of good marketable wool depends more upon wholesome pastures and soil than upon temperature, this new district may well be called the.land of Promise. The lamented Leichhardt describes in his work the valleys of the Burdekin as open and richly.grassed, and in many places a perfect pattern for sheep and cattle stations" ERRATUM.—In the second line of the last paragraph of the letter signed "Cannibals," in our last issue, the words "so far" which appear in the manuscript were accidentally left out. The line should read—"he says he will repent, and is willing so far to conform to the;' &c.; 