A PLEA. FOE GHOSTS. A lecture entitled " A Flea for Ghosts" was delivered on Tuesday evening, at the Mechanics Institute, by Mr David Blair of Melbourne. There was a large attendance, and the chair being taken by Mr vice President Lewis, the lecturer was at once introduced to the audience. Mr Blair began by saying that his lecture bad been delivered in Melbourne, and was suggested by way of reply to Mr Michie's lecture on " Ghosts." The question-" Do you believe in Ghosts?" was common, and Mr Michie would say that though he be lieved in quackery, rascality, dyspepsia, and other things, he knew little or nothing of the spirit land, and therefore could not say much about a belief in ghosts. Were he, the lecturer, asked if he be lieved in ghosts, he should say he believed in all well-authenticated facts, whether in physics or psychology, but not in cant. In a spirit dispoied to accept whatever was proveablc, he came to the question of belief in ghosts. But he did not feel disposed to believe in all sorts of ghosts. The ghosts of the nurseries and the white sheeted turnip-headed ones of the grave yard, he was not inclined to accept. ~ Like a certain old Scotch parson, Peebles, who, while he did not very much believe in ghosts, though he did in midnight potations, was met by a made-up graveyard ghost, and asked the ghost if it was part of a gene ral resurrection, or it was only taking a walk on its own private account, he did not fear such apparitions. Nor did he fear Mrs Radcliffe's creations. He would deal with real ghosts-those that chilled the blood, such as Eliphaz the Temanite spake abou t-such as Coleridge expressed in the lines beginning " Like one who on a lonesome road." It was perfectly useless for any mau to pre tend to be unmoved, or say he could be, by suddenly discovering that to be real which he previously supposed to be unreal. He would treat the subject under three hearts-its philosophy, its facts, and thc light thrown on it by revelation. He would not ask for anything but a fair stage and no favor for truth, but he would accept for trath what ever was truth. Mr Michie called his lecture " The Philosophy of Ghosts &e;," but there was not an atom of philosophy in the lecture any more than there was in the Pickwick Papers. Besides, nearly the whole of the lecture was borrowed, like the new minister whom the old Scotchman so effectively criticised. All Mr Michie's phil osophy and facts were borrowed, but some wire drawn jokes and very bad logic were his own. Much was borrowed from Scott's " Witchcraft and Demonology," a book that had to be answered yet by any man who took the affirmative side of the subject. Scott was the most brilliant novelist ever Britain produced, but he was not able as a reasoner and a philosopher to make a proper use of his splendid string of facts. Professor Wil son cut the book to pieces, and exploded it. The whole sum and substance of Mr Michie's lecture was that ghosts had flou rished in all times, even as rascality and dyspepsia did, and adapted themselves to the times in which they existed ; but that in fact doctors were the universal exorcisers and the only real layers of ghosts. Now the answer to that was, that granting all that about humbug and illusion, still no expla nation or disproof was given of the spirit world. Still there may be angels and angel visits-nay, there were, if revelation were true; and one bright flash Irom the spirit sphere might put to flight all the flimsy logic and bare materialism of the doubters. If dyspepsia was the cause of ghosts, and the doctor was the only exorciser, what said the doctors? Dr-- replied that the spirit world was the nearest to us, for our consciousness was ever about us. So said Drs Brodie, Elliotson, and mother eminent physiologists, who averred that without a study of the laws of man's spiritual being it was impossible tor explain and understand man's physical nature. , How then contd we say that we would deny all possibility of the existence of a spirit land? If Mr Michie would not believe in it—if he thought it all rascality, dyspepsia, and priestcraft—the best thing he could' no would be to take a black draught and blue pill. Mr Michie also said ignorance was a fruitful cause of ghostcrafti Well, if wc were intellectually advanced in the pre sent day, could we say that we knew more than all the old world^ wisdom com bined. Could we say Ve Tinew more than Homer, Socrates, Euclid, Pericles and others, and that all the world was submerged in ignorance until thc 19th century? Were Paul, John, Chrysostom, Luther, Bacon, Milton, Newton, Baxter, Wesley, Johnson, kings and demigods of fame as they were, and yet they all lived and died in the belief of ghosts. Did we in fact, though we had progressed in science and art, know more of the spirits that governed us all. Had we rounded as Tennyson said " The abyssmal deeps of personality." He did not think we had. Then was it rascality? No. He gave to the winds all arguments of the Michie-stamp, the cant phrases about rascality, incredulity, priest craft and all that. They vere only words that meant nothing. He believed with Tennyson in those beautiful lines in the In Memoriam " Thy voice is ou the rolling air ; il hear thee where the waters run ; Thou standest in the rising sun, And in the setting thou art fair. What art thou then ? I cannot guess ; But tho' I seem in star and flower To feel thee some diffusive power, I do not therefore love thee less : My love involves the love before ; My love is vaster passion now ; Tho* mixed with God and Nature thou, I seem to love thee more and more. Far off thou art, but ever nigh: I have thee still, and I rejoice ; I prosper, circled with thy voice ; I shall not lose thee tho' I die." He disowned the materialistic creed of Mr Michie's philosophy, for nothing could vest him of those feelings and thoughts which lay, in his spiritual consciousness, too deep for words, and assured him that there would be a time when he would again mingle with those he had loved here. The dis coverer of the odyllic force, Reichenback, as told of those who had seen thc luminous lights called "corpse candles"-so much believed in by the peasantry of Britain -and he found that his mesmeric impressibles said they saw such lights over all the new made graves in Sienna, Reichenbach examined one of the spots thus pointed out, where a body should not be found, and found the skeleton of a body; and he proved thc scientific truth, now accepted, that a luminous or odyllic emanation was common after the death of mesmerically impressionable persons. Thus a piece of inveution," or ** delusion," as Mr Michie ould say, proved to be an undiscovered . uysiological fact. Then the impressions r appearances made by dying persons on riends at a distance were commonly known icts, and this action was called " moral lectricity." A new world of undiscovered acts lay before us in this sense, and it was iest for us to admit that He who had made is knew best how to do it, and was best cquainted with our mysterious constitu ions. Beliefs and narrations of the super latural were as old as thc hills, and were ound in all the histories of the world nixed up with the evidence of Tacitus ,nd other writers as to the events of human i!e, and were we to throw aside all but the larrations of natural facts. Mr Michie ¡aid Julius Caesar's vision at the Rubicon ras due either to the headache br the ¡toniach-ache, but those who were with Asesar attested that the horse ridden by tbe tero, as well as his guides au J others, were terrified by the sight and sound. Was the listory lo bc rejected. Ii so, how could wc told by any or part of the history come io » a to us. For bis part-, be challenged denial of them, and demanded diaproval of thc evidence. But if we accepted the evi dence that we were believers in ghosts, Charles thc Ninth of Sweden, a zealous Lutheran, after his wife's death stood one night gazing on her portrait, and then walked to thc window and called three of his attendants, who with him saw that the opposite « ing of thc palace was illuminated as if parliament was in session. They crossed thc quadrangle, burst open the door, found not only an illumination, but ail the members in their scats, and a "judi cial trial" going on, but without words. The prisoner was beheaded before them, and the blood slain was there for years, and the head, muttering something, rolled to thc king's feet, after which darkness supervened. That narrative was a part of the State archives of Sweden, and who could disprove it. Then there was Joan of Arc, and if we believed ia her deeds how could we reject her story of the angels who met ber. We must either accept all her history, or none. In Berlin was a belief that a white lady always appeared in the palace wben any tliing was going to happen to the royal family. Well, a paragraph appeared in the Telegraph newspaper there, on thc 15th March, 1840, to the effect that the white lady had again again appeared, and on the 7th June the i King died. Many similar records were extant relative to thc appearance of the I white lady of Berlin. If we disbelieved these, what was there that we could credit? I and if we did not discredit them, then I most unquestionably we must believe in I spiritual apparitions. The apparition of I Captain Kidd's brother, as narrated in I Moore's Life of Byron, and the Winyard ghost, being apparitions at the moment of j death of distant persons, were inexplicable, j and must be credited unless we supposed the j narrations were pure concoctions ; and j equally so was thc narrative by Sir James j Barrington of the monition of the death of II Lord Rossmore. The murder of a settler ! named Fisher in New South Wales, was discovered by the apparition of the mur dered man. The apparition ot the man sitting on a stile near Penrith was seen, the witness at once went to the police, search was ' made, and the body found in a well; and on that evidence the murderer was dis covered and executed. Since the delivery of the lecture in Geelong, persons had come to him (the lecturer) and told him things that had happened in their own conscious ness, or within the knowledge of their own relations and friends; many of which stories could he repeat without violating confidence, would be found equally startling with any of the others he had cited that night, and any of these facts, if true, established the truth of the appearance of ghosts. Mr Michie made fun of the costume of ghosts, but the fact was the appearances generally were as the person himself appeared in life, as if the apparition was that of a friend. Thus Shakspere described the ghost of Hamlet's father. It was for us, therefore, not to deny all the legends of spirit-appear anees, but to wait for revelations of the future-for that grand day which was at some time to burst upon us. If we did not believe that behind the apparent there ex isted an invisible reality of which the visible was but the symbol, then Christianity was ' but an exploded fiction. The bible spoke of a land populous with angels, and it we be lieved those pages, it was perfectly impossible not to believe in a spirit-land, and if so how could we say that spiritual appearances might not take place here. For his part he fully believed in Christianity and the records thereof, as also in the possibility of such spiritual appearances here; but not in ignor ance or flippant scepticism, or stupid ma terialistic philosophy. The lecturer concluded with a quotation from a German poet amid loud cheers. Mr Lang in moving a vole of, thanks * characterised the lecture as a double one, in asmuch as Mr Michie's lecture was blended ' i with that of the lecturer that night. The lecturer, however, might hit Mr Michie as hard as he pleased, for he had no friends here; since after having once promised to lecture here, he not only did not do so, but neglected to reply to the letter sent to lum on thc subject. (Hear, hear.) Mr Cathie seconded the motion, and pro fessed disbelief in ghosts, other than certain delirious visions he and Jona Gough had at times seen of nights, and which the speaker had laid by blue pill and black draught. (Hisses and laughter.) Mr Blair briefly replied, aud the proceed ings closed. 