LOED EOBEET MONTAGU AND THE TIMES ON GARIBALDI AND MAZZIMI. [The following letter from Lord Robert Montagu, and leading article from the Times, were published in that journal of November 27. We doubt not they will be read with very general interest. The Times certainly executes justice upon Lord Robert, but is itself most uniust toward Mazzini.l GARIBALDI AND MAZZINI. To the Editor of the Times. Sir — A letter from ' X.' in your impression of this day has caused me some little surprise. He seems horrified at the intelligence that some of the funds intended for Garibaldi's assistance have fallen into the hands of Mazzini. He seems to deem it a shocking thing to help Mazzini, but a virtuous action to supply Garibaldi. To me the public morality of the one seems to differ little from that of the other. Of their private characters I know nothing. Their public acts have this difference, — the one has been unfortunate, the other successful. But the public morality evinced by each of them is much on a par. It is5 no doubt, a matter for rejoicing that the people of the Two Sicilies should have been freed from a galling tyranny (if such they really suffered), but yst Garibaldi's conduct in freeing them does not seem the less immoral. Grant that he is a brave, aud honest, and generous man. He then is worthy of admiration for these virtues, and, perhaps, for other good qualities also. But yet his public acts, I think, are not the less reprehensible. If a subject were to raise a rebellion against his lawful Sovereign, would you, Sir, defend his conduct, or argue that the doom of death were not his due? He might be rising against his King's oppressive rule; but still you would not applaud the rebel's acts. And if a man killed the despot who tyrannized over his country, would you not brand the regicide as a murderer, even while you congratulated the nation on being freed from tyranny ? But is it not a hundredfold worse for a man of another nation (be he Savoyard or Frenchman) to raise a rebellion in a friendly State and shoot down the soldiers who observe their oath and defend their lawful Sovereign ? If Napoleon were to publish a pamphlet to com misserate the Irish on the score that they are op pressed, and that their religion is not respected, and were then to invade and conquer that country (which he would call ?'freeing; an oppressed nationality') without having made any previous declaration of war, would you not condemn him in the most powerful of philippics ? But would it not be far worse for a private individual — McMahon, for instance — to raise a rebellion in Ireland while France remained at peace with us ? And if France suppKed him with money and arms and ammunition, would you not lavish the most opprobrious epitiiets both, upon tne marauder and on the perfidious country which gave him coun tenance aud assistance ? Let us not excuse ourselves on the ground that Naples was oppressed while Ireland is free. This is merely a veil to blind our moral sense. We have read in the newspapers that Naples was oppressed. That is all we know about it. McMahon might have read in a certain pamphlet that Ireland is oppressed, and that the exercise of the religion of the Irish is restricted, and he may entertain an opinion that such is really the case. How would the objection then apply? But even if we were to grant the substance of thia objection ; yet if a man who did not suffer from the oppression which we allow to have existed — who was not connected -with the country which he invaded, and whose Sovereign and people were at peace with the State which he overturned— I say that the act of such a man is no better than the aot of a Filibuster murderer, and cut- throat adventurer. By these terms he would have been designated, and people would have welcomed for him the fate wliich was adjudged to Walker for the same offence, had not success palliated his trespass and gilded his crime. I remain, Sir, your obedient servant, ROBERT MONTAGU, M.P. 72, Inverness- terrace, November 21. The name of Garibaldi has been heard far and wide through these islands. With small resources in men and money he has accomplished a great enterprise, and, although motives of policy have forbidden our Government to assist him, private liberality could not be prevented from supplying the deficiency. But just in proportion as the name of Garibaldi is popu lar in these islands the name of Mazzini is odious. The cause and the man are alike hateful to English men. There is no country in the world which has less taste for the Red Republic than England, and there is no character in the world less calculated to win our approbation than that of a conspirator who is for ever plotting in public, and sending forth braver men than himself to destruction, in order to keeD before Europe the memory of a worthless cause. Money, however, has been collected ostensibly for the use of Garibaldi and the unity of Italy, which has been applied for the purposes of Mazzini and the Red Republic. It is a very common -place case of misap propriation, and that is all that we should have thought it necessary to say about it. Far different, however, is the impression which this transaction makes upon the mind of Lord Robert Montagu. In a letter which will be found in another column Lord Robert Montagu endeavours to shew that this misap propriation is entirely innocent. Weighed in the scale of public morality, our correspondent can find nothing to reprehend in the application of money to onepurpose which was subscribed for another. There is no harm in applying money subscribed for Garibaldi to the pur poses of Mazzini, because Garibaldi is, in Lord Montagu's opinion, aot a whit better than. Mazzini. In other words, I am at liberty to deprive A of his property and give it to B, if I cau persuade myself that B would not be likely to make a worse use of it than A. This is Lord Robert Montagu's idea of public morality. Fraud is not fraudulent and deceit is not deceitful unless you happen to think the person defrauded and deceived, better than the person who profits by the fraud and deceit. Lord Robert 1 Montagu doubts whether the people of Naples have ? really suffered under a galling tyranny ; but Garibaldi's conduct in freeing them from that tyranny is, he thinks, nevertheless, immoral. It is a good thing, but it ought never to have been done. If he had been a subject who had rebelled against his lawful sovereign, Lord Robert assumes, as too evident for contradiction, that his conduct could not be defended, and that death was his proper punishment, however oppressive his Sovereign miglit be. This being assumed, Lord Robert infers that it must be a hundred times worse for a man of another nation to levy war against a lawful Sovereign. If the Emperor NapoleonweretoinvadelrelandjtheEnglishpress would condemn him. If Marshal M'Mahon were to attack Ireland, with the countenance and assistance of France, it would be still more wicked. From which things it follows that Garibaldi is a Filibuster, a mur derer, and a cutthroat adventurer, and if we had not been, misled by his success we should have hailed liis punishment with the same satisfaction that has attended the punishment of of Filibuster Walker. We have stated the substance of this letter because it is the last of the kind which we probably shall ever have to print, and involves, indeed, a most striking anachronism. Here is a young nobleman, and a member of Parliament to boot, announcing with all the emphasis of a new discovery the doctrine that was known two hundred years ago under the com pendious name of ' the divine right of Kings.' Just after Russia has disowned a peremptory and pedantic adherence to the principle of legitimacy, and a hun dred and seventy years after that principle has been practically discarded in this country, we are called upon to admit it as self- evident, and assume it as the basis of our reasonings. Whence does Lord Robert Montagu derive the assumption that it is immoral in a subject to rebel against a tyranny, however oppressive, provided it is clothed with that degree of prescription and stability of possession which constitutes what is ordinarily called a lawful Government ? We had thought that Locke, Blackstone, and Bentham had effectually established that a King differs from other magistrates in degree, but not in kind — in the large ness of his power and. the comprehensiveness of his jurisdiction, but not in any peculiar sanctity and inviolability attaching to his office. To maintain the contrary would be to stimulate the ambition of every tyrant by holding out to him beforehand the promise of impunity. In what cases, then, is rebellion justi fied? To justify rebellion two things ought to com bine — a good cause and a reasonable probability of success; The evil of leaving things as they are should be greater than the evil of altering them by violent means. This -will not be the case unless the Government be oppressive to a very high degree ; and let the Government be ever so oppressive, rebellion cannot be justified unless there be such a prospect of success as renders it likely that the result will not be to strengthen the tyrant by an unsuccessful move ment. Let us apply this rule to Lord Robert Mon tagu's three cases. We approve the rebellion of the Neapolitans because we believ; the Govern ment of the King to have been in the highest degree oppressive, and because the event has shown that there was a reasonable prospect of success. We disapprove the enterprises of Mazzini because, though there was the same oppression to justify them, there | was not the same probability of success. The sup posed enterprise of Marshal M'Mahon on Ireland having no oppression to justify it, and we should say as little probability of success, would therefore appear to U3 not only imprudent but criminal. As for the punishment of death, he who heads a rebellion sets his life on the cast, but whether he deserves death or not must depend on the degree in which that rebel lion was justified. Had Garibaldi failed sigjnally, in stead of succeeding gloriously, we feel convinced that in his misfortune as in his prosperity he would have received '??he sympathy of every true-hearted English man. It is not our habit in this country to be pros trate worshippers of success, and we disclaim, as a libel on the press and people of this country, the im putation that the favor of fortune makes all the dif ference between a murderer and a hero. We have read with regret such a letter from an English mem ber of Parliament, but we have inflicted on its author the most severe punishment in our power by giving publicity in our columns to his name and to his opinions. A Flooeee. — As a woman was walking, a man looked at and followed her. ' Why,' said she, ' do you follew me ?' ' Because I have fallen in love with vou.' ' Why so ? My sister, who is coming after, is much handsomer than I am ; go and make love to her.' The man turned back, and saw a woman with an ugly face, and being greatly dis pleased, returned and said, ' Why did you tell me a story ?' The woman answered, ' Neither did you tell me the truth ; if you are in love with me, why did you look for another woman ?' A Wlii. — The will of the Earl of Pembroke, who lived in the days of the Commonwealth, after a good many profane jests, proceeds thus — ' Item — I give all my deer to the Earl of Salisbury, who I know will preserve them, because he denied the King a buck out of one of his own parks. Item — I give nothing to Lord Say ; which legacy I give him, because I know he will bestow it on the poor. Item — To Tom May I give 5s. ; I intended him more, but whoever has* seen his ' History of the Parliament ' thinks 5s. too much. Item — I give Lieutenant-General Crom well one word of mine, because hitherto he never kept his own. Item — I give up the ghost.' — Will* and Will-making, Ancient and Modern, in the Quarterly Review. Stoppage of Government Emtgbation to Aus tralia. — At then- last meeting the Colonial Land and Emigration Commissioners accepted the tender of two London ships to carry Government emigrants to Melbourne and Sydney about the middle of the ensuing month, viz : the Ascendant, of 517 tons, to proceed from Southampton to Melbourne, at the rate of £15 17s. 5d. per statute adult a head ; and the Queen Bee, to proceed from Plymouth to Sydney, at the rate of £15 17s. 6d. per head. These are the last ships which will be chartered during the present, year, and it is stated that Government emigration to the Australian colonies will entirely cease, the Govern ments of Victoria and New South Wales having declined to place any further funds in the hands of the Commissioners for the purpose of emigration, being, it is stated, dissatisfied with the manner in which the money was appropriated by that Board. It is also stated that the service of private shipping firms will be engaged instead ot tne uommissioners. MrsTKBior/s Music on the Gulp Shore. — The mystic music sometimes heard at the mouth of the Passagunla River, on a still night, is one of the wonders of that coast. It is not confined, however, to the Passagoula River, but has often been heard at other places. At the mouth of the Bayou Coq del Inde, and other inlets opening into the Gulf along the coast of that country, the curious listener, lying idly in his boat, with lifted oara, when every other sound is hushed, may sometimes hear its strains coming apparently from beneath the waters, like the soft notes of distant iEolian harps. We had always supposed that this phenomenon, whatever itB origin might be — natural or supernatural — was peculiar to the Gulf coast. It appears, however, from Sir Emerson Tennant's recent workon Ceylon, something very like it is known at Battialloa, in that island, and it is attributed to a rather less poetical and mysterious origin — that it is a peculiar species of shell-fish. They are said to be heard at night, and most distinctly when the moon is nearest the full. Sir Emerson also gayS : — « gounag somewhat similar are heard under the water at some places on the western coast of India, especially in the harbour of Bombay. At Caldera, in Chill, musical cadences are said to issue from the sea near the landing-place. They are described as rising and falling fully four notes, re sembling the tones of harp strings, aud miugling like those at Battialloa, they produce a musical concord of great sweetness and delicacy. The animals from whence they proceed have not been identified at either place, and the mystery remains unsolved, whether those at Battialloa are given forth by fishes or mollusca.' Origin of Oddfellows. — The origin of the Order of Oddfellows is of an ancient date ; it was estab lished by the Roman, soldiers in camp after the Order of the Israelites, during the reign of Nero, the Roman Emperor, who commenced his reign A.D. 55, at which time they were called Fellow-Citizens. The name of Oddfellows was given to this order of men (A.D. 79) by Titus Caesar, Emperor of Rome, from their singu larity of notions, and from then* knowing each other by night as well as by day, and for their fidelity to him and their country. He not only gave them the name of Oddfellows, but at the same time, as a pledge of friendship, presented them with a Dispensation, engraved on the Arch of Titus Caesar, the Ark of the Covenant, the Golden Candlesticks, the Golden Table (weighing one great talent), the Sun for N.G., the Moon and Stars for Y.G., a Lamp for Secretary, the Lion for Guardian, the Dove for Warden, and the Emblems of Mortality for the G.M. It is very probable that the first Oddfellows made their appear ance in North Wales about that time, as an invasion was made by one of Titus Csesar's generals (Agricola) on North Wales, and shortly afterwards on the island of Mona, now called Anglesea. The first account we have of the Order spreading into other countries is in the fifth century, when it was established in the Spanish dominions, under the Romish dispensation ; and in the sixth oeutury, by King Henry in Portugal ; and in the twelfth century it was established in France and afterwards in England by John D'Neville, attended by five knights from France, who formed a Loyal Grand Lodge of Honor in London, which Order remained until the reign of George III., when a part of them began to form themselves into a Union, and a portion of them remain until this day ; on this account the lodges which remain, and are very nume rous throughout the world, call themselves Loyal Ancient Independent Oddfellows, being a portion of the original body. 