MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS. ACCIDENT AT THE LAUNCHING OF A SARDINIAN MAN OF WAR. GENOA, NOVEMBER 4. -The launch of the steam frigate Duca Di Genova came off yesterday at 1 o'clock in the afternoon. The ceremony was performed with great eclat and favored by bright genial weather. Count Cavour and the Royal Princes and Princess had travelled from Turin to Genoa on the previous evening. The festive solemnity, however, was saddened at the end by an unforeseen catastrophe. The royal party had taken their places on a high scaffold, or stand, erected for the occasion, and decked out in all the well-blending hues of the national rainbow. The noble vessel glided down the inclined plane into what is to become her element, when a crash and a shriek turned every eye to the left-hand wall bordering upon the breach made in the enclosure of the dock for an outlet to the frigate. That part was for one moment enveloped in a cloud of dust ; when this cleared off it disclosed part of the fencing wall levelled with the ground, and under its fragments were seen here and there the scattered limbs of the spectators who have fallen with it and were crushed under it. The horror and dismay of the assembled multitude are more easily conceived than expressed. The Princess, who was seated with her brothers in the front of the royal stand just opposite to the crumbling wall, was seized with fainting, and was removed in a swoon. The people, after rushing in crowds to the place of the disaster, which was soon invaded by an impenetrable throng, broke off in silence, with hardly a cheer for the royal family, who were being rowed to the frigate in a boat. Three dead bodies were seen carried away on stretchers as soon as the ruins could be partly cleared. Ten persons, more or less seriously wounded, were conveyed to the town hospital. Among them were several of the young pupil of the College dr Harina, or naval school, one of whom, young Farina, the son the senator of the realm, Paolo Farina, is at this moment in a dying state-. His mother, who was present, but away from him, and witnessed his fall, thrilled the crowd with her screams as she rushed to the spot where the mangled body was being exhumed. Correspondent of the Times. THE ASSOCIATION FOR THE PREVENTION OF STEAM BOILER EXPLOSIONS At the- monthly meeting of the Executive Committee, held on Tuesday, the 30th October, at the offices of the Association, li, Corporation-street, Mr. H. W. Harman, C.E., chief inspector, presented his report, from which the following are extracts : --.. We have made 339 visits, examined 812 boilers and 649 engines. Of these 3 visits have been special, 4 boilers specially, 9 internally, and 31 thoroughly examined; 9 cylinders have been indicated at ordinary visits. The general defects are as follow Fracture, 5 (3 dangerous) ; corrosion, 14 (5 dangerous) ; safety valves out of order, 43 ; water gauges ditto, 24 ; pressure gauges ditto 9 ; feed apparatus ditto, 6 ; blow-off cocks ditto, 23 ; fusible plugs ditto, 5 ; furnaces out of shape, 12- blistered plates, 2 ; salters inoperative or screwed fast, 6; total, 119 (8 dan- gerous) ; boilers without glass water gauges, 24 ; ditto pressure gauges, 8 ; ditto blow-off cocks, 34 ; ditto back pressure valves, 73. Among the remain- ing defects are one or two that demand special notice for instance, I often find back pressure valves fitted between the feed pump and the regulating valve on the boiler. This is wrong, seeing that the object in view in applying such valves is (hereby frustrated. All back pressure valves should be fixed to the boilers, and be the last thing through which the water should pass ; when, if they are properly fitted, they will, by closing through any return action, act effectually in preventing any escape of the water should any accident happen to the feed pipes. Another circumstance I desire to allude to is the manner often adopted of securing the standard or fulcrum of safety valve levels. These are often screwed into a cast-iron flange or projection, of not more than 6in. to in. in depth, and as the whole strain of the resistance to the valve pressure has to ho we stained by these standards, it follows that very great danger attaches to this plan of securing them. Cast-iron threads can never be relied upon, and every time the levers are raised to test the valve"s action a sudden strain £3 thrown upon this fragile fixing. Deep ings should always be cast upon the valve boxes, and the standard should pass through them and be well secured with a nut underneath. I cannot omit mentioning a case we have met with this month, where two safety-valve levers were found fixed fast in the guide standards, by means of iron wedges having been driven in to keep down the valves on their seating.--, as they were subject to blowing.' Any- thing more imprudent cannot well be conceived : the valves were rendered totally inoperative, and with a pressure in the boiler of 50 lb. per square inch, the danger became imminent.''-Manchester Guardian, November 1. SOCIAL MEETING OF RECLAIMED DRUNKARDS. An interesting gathering, under the auspices of the Manchester and Salford Temperance League, was held on Friday evening last, in the Roby School- room, Altona-street, Manchester. About 500 guests, 315 of whom were reclaimed drunkards, sat down to tea, the requisite funds for which had been collected by Mr. John "VYblfeudaie. Nearly every trade was represented. Some of the men, had abstained for more than a quarter of a century ; 2, 27 years ; 6, 26 years : 9, 25 years ; 4, 24 years : 3, 23 years ; 4, 22 years ; G, 21 years 7 22 years ; 5, 19 years ; 9, 18 years : 11,17 years ; 10, 16 years 5 15 years : 6, 14 year a 13 years ; 12, 12 years ; 17,11 yarns ; 11, 10 . years ; 6,9 years ; 5,8 years ; 4,7 years ; 11,6 years 11 5 years ; 21,4 years. 38,3 years ; 52, 2 years and 76,1 year, Shorter periods were not ascertained. Amongst the guests wore Thomas Bazley, Esq., M.P. . Messrs. Aldermen. Harvey and Heywood - the Revs. P. Thomson, T. G. Lee. E. H. Weeks, and D. F. Sunderland ; Messrs. W. Morris, William Armitage, John [ Hanson, George Darling, and others. Letters of apology for absence were forwarded by the Rev. Hugh * Stowell, M.A., Dr. McKerrow, and other ministers five gentlemen. The speakers were reclaimed drunkards, and were restricted to five minutes each, which the Chairman (himself a reformed drunkard) precisely enforced by the stroke of a bell Mr. John Wolfen'dale explained that the object of the meeting was to afford those who had taken the pledge? an opportunity of meeting together and encouraging each other, as well as of proving that the pledge could be kept for many years. After a number of addresses, Thomas Bazley, Esq., M.P., who was warmly applauded, expressed the in I crest he had felt 'in the testimony given by the various speakers as to the change in their clu-ri-'-íerá and lives, it was not possible for, them to accomplish greater achieve- ments; they had done for themselves what no power on earth could have done for them. They were living witness of their principles, and he begged to assure them of his best wishes for the success of their cane, and to thank them for their kind reception of himself. Alderman Harvey hoped those who had benefitted by the principles of total abstinence would seek to extend these to their neighbours Mr. Alderman Heywood said a Permis j eive Bill was desirable, but he could not advise them to wait for the assistance of Parliament, or they might lose their own ground. He was delighted to learn that the Duke of Argyll, as well as the Duchess, were teetotallers, and it would have been a glorious thing to have secured their presence at that meeting. In the Manchester Council lately it was said that public executions degraded the people, but he felt assured that the trade of the publican was more mischievous than that of the hangman. (Loud applause.) Votes of thanks to Mr. John Wolfendule for his services in getting up the meeting, and to the Chairman, closed the proceedings. THE FORTIFICATIONS OF BOULOGNE. When I arrived in Boulogne a few days since I fell in also with a number of British travellers, who were talking about the new fortifications at Boulogne, flat-bottomed boats, and of course the invasion of England. I believe the Emperor's up to something," said No. 1 Traveller. " So do I," echoed No. 2. " Of course," exclaimed No. 3 "I read it in the newspapers fortifications-oh!" No. 4 Traveller declared he knew it all months ago ; whereupon they all agreed Napoleon III. was erecting fortifications at Boulogne and deepening the docks, half completed in the days of Napoleon I. with the view of carrying out his uncle's plan of occupying London and the sooner they knew the worst the better, was the chorus. Here were four British subjects come over to Boulogne in stormy, rainy weather, for pleasure, or, as one of them expressed it, for a blow" making themselves miserable, desponding, irritable about certain fortifications which they had never seen and could not find out, according to their own confession, but which they insisted did exist or should be built. Whereas France had no right to protect her ports with guns ; it was a shame and what was His Excellency Earl Cowley about, her Britannic Majesty's Minister at Paris ? We all became more and more patriotic after dinner, Traveller No. 2 having put it to the company that it was necessary to temper and warm the light wines (he called the St. Julien which accompanied our dinner "red ink rot") with a familiar white liquor which comes from Chateau Booth, Brentford. Having, after much discussion, come to the conviction that it was our duty towards the nation which never, never will be slaves, to inform ourselves about the new fortifica- tions, we all took a solemn oath (why such a severe measure was resorted to I know not that the next morning our own eyes should look upon the warlike and anti-English designs of the Bonaparte who now sits on the throne of France. Accordingly, in a heavy rain, the next morning, accompanied by a guide whom we bound down to secrecy, we started off to the old battery on the sand bank, whence have frowned for many a long day some half dozen old guns. In fact, those guns were planted here expressly to salute Her Majesty Queen Victoria, when she visited Boulogne by order of the Emperor. Sure enough, near at hand, a number of workmen are engaged in deepening the docks originally designed by Napoleon I. to accommodate the flat-bottomed boats which were the awful marine ghosts of our infancy, so alarmingly memorable, when invasion was not the child of groundless panic. The increasing trade of Boulogne is said to demand this additional accommodation for mercantile shipping, and which, when completed, I am sorry to inform alarmists, will be unfit for vessels of war. Traveller No. 2 measured the old guns, made a note of them, and said the papers were quite right-and it meant invasion ! We next proceeded to the battery northwards. There, too, undoubtedly earthworks were constructing to receive the eight guns formerly planted in the old tower building near at hand. When completed now as of old, the actual port of Boulogne will be immediately defended by 14 guns, and a large commercial dock will be added to the maritime accommodation of the town. I learn, also, from looking over Government reports, that the Boulogne coast, for a distance three leagues and a half, will count 53 guns when the present plans are completed ; a number somewhat under the amount of artillery which existed in Louis Phillippe days on the similar sites. My travelling companions, who have passed by these guns more than once on visiting France-when in fact port guns and port batteries were nothing more than the ordinary furniture of an important harbor in the eyes of Englishmen insist still on saying and believing, or pretending to believe, that " there is something queer in it after all." The improvements in the port of Boulogne are really signs of peace rather than war, being obviously dictated by the necessity of adding to the existing accommodation for shipping ; whilst the defensive material is just what it ever has been, but newly mounted.-Correspondent of the Post. ENGLISH AND FRENCH RAILWAY TRAVELLING. No two things can be more unlike than the details of railway management in England and France. The difference is an index to the character of the two nations. In England every man looks after himself. In France every man must be looked after. In England a traveller is in time if he arrive at the station one minute before the train departs. He books himself, shows his luggage away either under his seat, or in the van, takes his place, the engine whistles, and he is off. At the end of his journey he collects his luggage, and in two minutes he is away to his home or his hotel. There is nothing like this in France. There a traveller with luggage, and a traveller without must be at the station, the former a quarter of an hour, and the latter five minutes before the time fixed for the departure of the train. When the traveller with luggage has obtained the ticket for his person he has to deliver it and his luggage to the registrar of baggage, who is as particular in entering it as the old parliaments of Paris were in registering the king's decrees. When the entry is made the traveller receives a billet, specifying the number of articles, and their place of destination. He is then conducted to the waiting-room of his class, where he remains locked up until his train £3 announced, when a door, which opens on the platform, is thrown back, and he is invited to take his seat. At the end of his journey, however late the hour, he passes into another waiting room, and there waits until the luggage of all the passengers who have alighted with him at the same station is brought in and arranged upon a long counter, and there, after the train has gone on, and not till then-very generally ten minutes or more-he is invited to claim his own. At the end of a quarter of an hour or so, he is generally in a situation to set off in search, of his hotel. These continually recur- ring delays at the beginning and end of every journey were an annoyance to ii', and more than once lost us the opportunity of seeing objects we should otherwise have seen. At every principal station there is a buffet, or refreshment room, and a Suzette, or drinking counter, purposely so arranged that no access can be had to them but from the platform ; and as the platform is not accessible till you have procured your ticket, and not then until the moment the train is leaving, visitors, like ourselves, who stop frequently for the purpose of seeing objects of interest, find themselves debarred from using these places of refreshment as often as they would well. Thanks to French politeness, and in consideration I hat we were foreigners, we more than once obtained a relaxation of this rule, and arriving at the station before the time for booking, were admitted to the refreshment room as a favor. At Dijon, where we had again occasion to request this favour, we sent one of our party to procure tile tickets, while we besought admission to the I buffet. Where are your tickets ? the keeper asked, | to which we were obliged to reply that we had none. Then, where are you going ? he again asked, and to this we were obliged to reply that we did not know ! Upon which he burst into a hearty laugh, and good naturedly bade us pass through" the wicket. This word buffet, which they use for a refreshment-room, is an instance of the change of meaning in words. Henry V. in his speech to Katherine, uses a buffet for a blow, and we call a buffet a footstool, on the ground, I suppose, that it has some connection with rough usage. A buffet, in Henry, VIII's time, meant a cupboard for plate and valuables, and it is thought that the French buffet has the same origin, and that beefeater is a corruption from buffeted, the person who had charge of the buffetings. Wm. Beaumont's Tour in France. 