ESSAYS AND BEVIEW8. (From tkt Edinburgh Mme».) I 1\. Èisays and Eeiietcs. 9th edition. 2\. Sermons on 'the Beatitudes.' By the Rev. Dr. Mobcily : with Preface in Answer to 'Essaye and Reviews.' 1860. 3\. Certain ^Characteristics of Boly Scripture, loitJt special reference to ' Essays and JReoku>s.' By the Rev. J. -. Cozcnove. 18G1. 4' A Brief Defence of ' Essays and Reviews,' By the Rev. Dr. AVdd. 18J1. 6\. Sptcific Evidences of Umoundness in ' Essays and Jiiriacs.' By the Rev. Dr. Jelf. 1861. . (. Statements of Christian Doctrine and Praatice. From thc'PubliBhcd Writings of Professor Jowett. 1861. TUB history of religious panics would form a curious chapter in the annals of mankind,-a chapter con- vening many lesBons, both of humilation and of con- solation. Tue memory of the scholar IcapB back to the earliest on record, the agitation which seized the Athenian people on the morning after the mutilation of the Hcrnuc. ' AVhen we review the whole course ol' these proceedings,' says the Bishop of St. David's *. ' at a distance which secures UB from the passions that agitate the actors, we may be apt to exclaim : " In all history it will be difficult to find such another instance of popular frenzy." ' The Bishop, however, immediately corrects himself by the recollection that ' these 8Te ihe very words in which Hume spoke of our own Popish Plot.' Hemight comet himself still fuifher by recalling the various panics through which the religious public of England has passed during his own lifetime. He must remember the wild alarm . which pervaded the academical and ecclesiastical world in 1834, at the prospect of the admission of Dis- senters to the Universities, and which deprived the greatest College in Cambridge of the services of her most illustrious scholar and teacher. He must re- member the consternation occasioned by the schemes for Church Reform, which agitated the public mind from 1833 to 1836, and almost drove from his position the most eminent schoolmaster of our time. He must remember the religious terror which in 1839 drew forth the House of Peers in a stately procession to Buckingham Palace, to protest against the scheme of education now universally recognised by Church and State. He must remember the two Hampden con- troversies of 1836 and 1847, which but for the firmness of the Prime Minister of the day, would have succeeded in excluding first from the Chair of Divinity at Oxford and then from the episcopal throne of Ilere foid, one of the most Conservative bishops of the resent bench. He must remember the Gorham controversy, which thieatened to expel first one section and then the other of the two main sections of the clergy from thefpale of the Establishment in 1650. He must remember the panic of the Papal Aggression in 1851, when grave and courtly dignitaries lost their heads on public platforms, when bishops and chapters were deluged with addresses, and responded with unanimous protests, against the Pastoral of the Flaminian Gate. He will remember, and every one of our readers, on looking back to the journals, periodicals, and placards of the time, will see, how in each of these cases the Church of England, if not Christianity itself, was declared to be shaken to its foundations. He may thankfully reflect that from each successive conflict both the Church and the Christian religion have emerged, certainly not de- stroyed, in most cases purified and strengthened. , Through one of these hurricane latitudes, he and we have just been passing, during the last two months. It will be our object calmly to review the rise of the storm, from ' the little cloud not bigger than a man's hand' to the black and portentous tempest which has , swept across the whole heaven. And if, as may be , inferred from our recital of the like meteorological phenomena in the annals of past time, it may be in- ferred that we take a less excited view of the present emergency than some of our contemporaries, it must not be interred that we regard it with indifference or with levity. In most of the panics at which we have glanced, there was a serious as well as a trivial side of the agitation. The mutilation of the Hermae might be an accident. But it was connected with the same train of events which led on the one hand to the Thirty Tyrants, and on the other to the death of Socrates. Titus Oates was an imposter; but the designs of James II. were real. The Bampton Lectures of Dr. Hampden were not what they were represented , to be. But they indicated a change in the relations . of dogmatic theology to religion, which has since that time become a recognised and accomplished fact. The Papal Aggression was a mere flourish of Italian , rhetoric. But the general reaction of a large part of the religious sentiment of England and of Europe to- wards Rome was undoubted. It will be our duty on the present occasion first to distinguish the historical elements of the actual state , of the case from the mythical accretions which have grown np around it ; and then to offer such general considerations as the whole transaction suggests to an impartial spectator. I.'In 1864 an enterprising publisher in London,, with that unfortunate passion (as we cannot but think) which exists at present for the multiplication of perio- dical literature, started a series of ' Oxford' and ' Cam bridge Essays,' to be contributed, with their names, by members of the two Universities. The speculation answered for a time. But after the appearance of four volumes, the demand or the supply failed, and the series carne to an end. In this conjunctureit occurred, I we believe, to one of the contributors that the publica-. tion might be continued, but in a more contracted form. For many years past there had floated before the minde of the more liberal-minded English Church- men the vision of a journal which should treat of theological subjects in a manner resembling the free and scientific tone in which they are handled in France and Germany. Such a scheme was discussc J in 1835+ between Dr, Arnold and Archdeacon Hare. Whately, Hampden, and Pusey were proposed as pos sible contributors. One of its main objects was ' to make some beginnings of Biblical criticism, which, as far as relates to the Old Testament, was in England almost non-existent.' The scheme of a liberal Theo- logical Review, thus long delayed, fructified in the ninds of three or four of those who had already fur- nished essays to the extinct series, and the result was a volume which appeared in the early spring of 1860, under the title of ' Essays and Reviews.' Many scholars and divines were invited to contribute ; but the number was, through various causes, reduced to seven-who were mostly unacquainted with each other. The first essay having been preached, in sub- stance, as an Oxford University sermon in the pre- vious year, was naturally ready before its companions and hence its peculiar place. The last in the volume owed its position, no doubt, to the delays arising from the scantiness of leisure at the command of its able but over- tasked author. The order of the rest was equally accidental. The volume, as we shall afterwards have occasion to remark, was as varied in character and as unequal' in execution as might have been anticipated from a series published under these auspices. It was read at once by those students who took interest either in the subjects or the writers of the respective essays ; and a few notices of it, containing the usual mild admixture ' of praise and blame, appeared in some of the weekly journals. So passed the spring and summer. No sound of alarm broke the peace either of the Univer- sities or of the Church. It was not till the close of the autumn that there was heard from an unexpected quarter the first muttering of a coming whirlwind. It is not our practice to allude directly to our contemporaries. But on the present occasion the justice of history requires that wè should, in more than one instance, break' through this rule. In a well-known Review advocating the extremest opinions, both theological and political, an article appeared, on which we do not hesitate to fasten the main responsibility of the whole subsequent agitation. It evidently proceeded from the hand of a writer who, whilst retaining a certain amount of religious sentiment, repudiated all belief in Christian Revelation, and who combined with a profound ig- norance of nearly all that had been written on the questions at issue an almost fanatical desire to inveigle those who stood on more secure positions to the narrow ledge ef the precipice on the midway of which lie himself was standing. In an argument, not des- titute of pathos or ability, but poisoned by a sinister intention too transparent to have escaped the notice of sny but those who were willingly deceived, the Re- viewer first parodied the book by exaggeration, by amplification, by suppression, by making every writer responsible for what every other writer had said or mt said, either on the subjects discussed or not discussed, and then raised a cry of mingled exultation and re- monstrance to the phantasm which he had conjured up,-of exultation at the supposed novelty of what he was pleased to call a system of Neo-Christianity ; of plaintive remonstrance at the reluctance of the writers to abandon all the truths which they most cherished m order to adopt the mixture of Paganism and Catholicism in which the followers of M. Comte have found a reluge. We know not what results the writer expected from this measure. Not by auch arts he may be well assured, not by such presumptuous ignorance, not by such unscrupulous misrepresen- tation, not by such malignant insinuations, will the . wise or the noble-minded of any communion be tempted to surrender their belief in the justice and * T-rwaU's Hut, of Qrcwe, vol, iii. p, 387. i t ATDOW'B Life »ml Coneiyomkncc, »til ed. vol. i, p'. 331, , ' mercy of the Hebrew Prophets, the love and iaith ot the Christian Apostles. But, although the Westminster manifesto fell, as was to be expected, powerless on the ears of those to whom it was addressed, it found ready listeners else- where. Partly in genuine alarm, partly in greedy de- light at finding such an unlooked-for confirmation of their own uneasy suspicious and dislikes, the partisans of the two chief theological schools in the country caught up and eagerly echoed the note of the infidel journal. They extolled 'the eloquence and ability of the article ; they made its conclusions their own ; they discerned, through its inquisitorial gaze, tendencies which up to that moment had essaped even their own keen scent for the track of heresy. Grn dually the heterogeneous series began to assume that mystified form which it has worn ever since in the public eye. The Essayists were discovered to be seven in number. They were the ' seven stars in a new constellation,'-or ' the seven extinguishers of the seven lamps of the Apocalypse,'-or ' the seven champions not of Christendom,'-or by the title which unhappily its blasphemous levity and its wicked uncharitableness has not excluded from jour- nals professing to write in the name of religion, ' the Septem contra Christum.' Every part of the volume was now seen to have a close interdependence. In spite of the solemn disclaimer of joint responsibility and concert with which the volume was prefaced, every writer was assumed to have been acquainted with the production of every other. The first essay was supposed to contain in its successive pages the key-notes of the successive dissertations which fol- lowed, closing in the last, the climax and conclusion of the whole. It is believed that these scattered polemics gathered head at the meeting of a large number of clergy and laity which took place at Oxford for the election to the Sanskrit Chair. On that occasion, when the Uni- versity lost the services of the most eminent scholar within her walls, there was arrayed against him a vast mass of the Conservative elements of the Country,both theological and political. The well-known anathema issued on that occasion against ' the intellectuals,' a fit precursor of the swarm of curses which have fol- lowed in its wake, admirably expressed the feeling of many who recorded their votes on the 7th of Decem- ber against the illustrious German philologer. In the fermentation naturally engendered by the vic torious combination of bodies of men for any common purpose arose, it is said, the first distinct conception |of an organised attack on the volume with which Pro- fessor Muller's friends or country had been connected in the public mind. A meeting was held before the final dispersion of the electors, in one of the Oxford hotels ; and there was breathed the earliest whisper of a demonstration against the book, which still re- mained in the modest obscurity of a small second edition. The first decisive signal that the rising hostility had penetrated into a higher sphere was given by the principal organ of the Tory party,in an article which, passing beyond the region of indistinct in- I uendoes, or fantastic allusions or profane jests, proceeded to challenge the several authors of , the book to abandon their positions in the Church of England. From this moment it became apparent that a powerful ecclesiastical influence was at work, eager to seize the opportunity of crushing not merely the book, but the writers themselves, and all who, in any degree, shared their views. Like the article in the ' Westminster', the article in the 'Quarterly' displayed or affected the most astonishing ignorance (as we shall afterwards show) of all that hod passed in theological literature, in this and other countries, since the beginning of this century. It added to this a carelessness not equally surprising, but exceedingly curious, of the general facts of history and science. The doubtful if not exploded theory of absorption, as the doctrine of the Buddhists, was assumed as unquestionable ; the Copernican system was described as having ' wholly passed away,' Everywhere its charges of inaccurate statement, of confusion in thought and expression, of want of faith , in the Bible, return into its own bosom. But these and like imperfections were of little moment in an invective of which the object was the destruction of high reputations, stimulated by the unreasoning dread lest inquiry into any single part of theological truth should overturn the whole of religion. From this time the artillery of controversial warfare was brought fully into play. Meetings ef clergy were held to condemn the book which most of them had ' never read. Preachers rising from a Saturday's perusal of the ' Quarterly', denounced the writers the i next morning ' from the pulpits as Atheists. Every qualification of harsh expressions, every sentiment of orthodoxy or piety, which the book contained, was carefully kept out of view : ' apparent earnestness, ' was denounced as 'insidious,' 'combining hellebore ' with honey ;' ' caution' {was stigmatised as astute ;' I ' the more dangerous because the more guarded,' ' Extracts were circulated so framed or so prefaced as entirely to conceal the real purpose of the writers;_ often exactly inverting their meaning, often quoting passages of undoubted truth, precisely as the Devil quoted Scripture, for the sake of giving them some wicked or heretical signification. Our readers, may ' remember the black stain left on the character of one ' of the great theological leaders of twenty years ago by his 'Elucidations' of the writings of the present Bishop of Hereford. But we do not hesitate to say I that the misrepresentations, whatever they were,' contained in those elucidations were innocent, compared with the calumnies on which the present agitation has been founded. Not, we firmly' believe, horn wilful suppression or deception, but! from that blindness or obliquity of vision which, com-' ing to a volume with a foregone conclusion, sees only what it wishes or expects to find, and reads backwards what if read naturally and straightforwardly would contradict the fixed predetermination with which the eye glances over pages foredoomed to perdition. ' No doubt there must have been many who were No doubt mere must have been many who were sufficiently familiar with the subjects discussed, and I with the book itself, to have judged more calmly and more charitably. But the panic had now reached that( point so well indicated in Hooker's celebrated descrip- tion of the persecution of Athonasius by the Arians the enforced silence of friends, the strong temptation to ambitious or timid minde of clearing a dubious orthodoxy by a blow at their own likeness dressed in a somewhat different garb. On these occasions we are mournfully reminded of the name of ' Presence of mind' bestowed on a late dignitary of the Church in consequence of a story told of him by himself. ' A friend, he used to relate, ' invited me to go out with him on the water. The sky was threatening, and I declined. At length he succeeded in persuading me, and we embarked. A squall came on, the boat lurched, and my friend fell overboard. Twice he sank, and twice he rose to the surface. He placed his hands on the prow and endeavoured to climb in. There was great apprehension lest he should upset the boat. Providentially I had brought my umbrella with me. I had the presence of mind to strike him two or three hard blows over the knuckles. He let go his hold and sank. The boat righted itself, and we were saved.' Such ' presence of mind' is, happily, by no means universal. We have heard a story of another Dean, who has left behind him a race of sons chival- rous as himself, who on a raw and gusty day in De- cember, and at the advanced age of seventy, leaped' into a canal to save a drowning person. And the like courageous efforts have not been wanting in the moral storms of which we are now speaking. But these must always be the exceptions. The influence of those who share more or less the opinions under condemna- tion, and shrink from avowing them, is fatally conta- gious in a crisis of this kind. Many are the umbrellas' brought out to ward off the dangerous neighbour ;' many are the blows dealt at the struggling swimmers ; many are the self-gratulations on the prudence which has saved the boat and its fleight from total destruc- tion. There is another class of which we must speak more at length hereafter,-those, namely, of the laity who cannot endure that any one should speak the truth but themselves, and who hate it above all when spoken by a clergyman. To such, an invective like that of the ' Quarterly' is doubly sweet. It enables' them to indulge their hostility to the sacred profession at both ends. They rejoice almost equally in the discredit done to the assailer, and the injury done to the assailed. ' It is unfair, retrograde, unjust, but it is what the book deserves, and what a bishop or a priest is bound to say.' With a third class we have far more sympathy than with either of the two preceding. The burst of in- dignation and terror from the ignorant and un- thinking, who must always compose the great bulk both of the clergy and laity, was not more than might have been expected from the extracts laid before them, and from the general representation made to them that here was a conspiracy of clergymen banded to- gether to undermine the Christian faith. AVe must confess that (groundless as was this representation, and mischievous, in proportion, as was the alarm which it awakened) we have had a positive satislaction in witnessing the amount of sturdy belief, and of honest reverence for the Bible, which the recent panic has disclosed. The Essayists themselves must allow that, had the description of their intentions been as true as in fact it was false, the alarm excited was well nigh justified. Seven infidels, in the disguise of clergymen, asserting that the Bible was a fable, denying the truth of Christianity and the existence of God,-this was the portent which was supposed to have appeared. As in the case of the delusions which pervaded the popular mind in 1854 respecting the treason of the Prince Consort, our wonder is not that (believing what they were led to believe) the half educated or uneducated classes received this terrible announcement so passionately, but rather that they received it so patiently. We are inclined, as wegaze at the innocent frenzy of a large part of 'the religious world,'to join in the charitable exclamation of John Huss, when he saw a pious old woman bringing a faggot to his stake, ' O sancta simplicitas !' Up to this time, however, there were still circles proof against the panic. The Universities maintained a dignified reserve, worthy of their present high position in public estimation. Cambridge lay in her usual attitude of magnificent repose. Oxford, though taking a livelier interest in these questions, was not likely, under the artificial stimulus of an external pressure, to break the silence which she had kept, when her more studious sons had read the book on its fitst appearance. The Bishops also, as a body, had hitherto been faithful to the duty so incumbent on high minded Christian men in great stations of protecting the cause of free and fair discussion from the in- discriminate violence of popular agitation, and the presence of six or seven names of real weight and learning in their number gave every guarantee for the 'continuance of such a wise forbearance. Only here and there Episcopal anathemas were heard. Warnings rose from Winchester and from Durham, which, if carried out, would have had the effect of shutting out every young man of intelligence from preferment or even from ordination in those two great dioceses. But the calm of the Episcopal mind, when the public was sober, had unfortunately been no earnest of its pro- ceedings when the public was drunk. It was about a month after the appearance of the Quarterly article that the world was startled by a document without precedent, as we trust it may be without imitation, in the history of the English Church. We allude to the Episcopal Letter of un- known authorship, sent by the Archbishop of Canter- bury to Mr. Fremantle. That in such an emergency as that occasioned by a general and exaggerated ex- citement, the Primate, or his brethren on the Bench, should have given expression to some opinion, calcu- lated to allay the alarm, would have been natural and fitting. Such a manifesto was issued by Archbishop Howley in the height of the anti-Tractarian agitation. But Archbishop Howley was far too prudent a man to have lent himself to a document such as that of which we now speak. It w as the counterpart of the Papal excommunication levelled against Italian free- dom, filled with menaces borrowed from the ancient days of persecution, yet abstaining from all those dis- tinct specifications of offence which alone could justify language so vehement. It demanded the removal from their position in the Church of five distinguished clergymen (and by implication of hundreds), yet brought no precise charges against any of them, and intimated that none such could be brought. It was an unqualified censure of a book, of which the varied sentiments and unequalled merits required the most discriminating judgment. It professed to be the solemn opinion of the united Bench of Bishops, and yet found its way into print through the unauthorized hands of a private clergyman. The names of the Bishops were appended so careleealy, that one of them, that of ' H. Exeter,' is now known to have been added without his knowledge and against his wish : two at least of the most distinguished of the body had published opinions exactly coinciding with those which they condemned ; and two others, on the first public occasion after the manifesto had been issued, had the good sense and feeling to avow that they excepted frsm their censure three at least, and those the most important, of the five persons whose position and character ' the vague anathema' had been in- tended to blast. It is with sincere regret that we notice this singular collapse of the Episcopal order. We cannot afford that the heads of the clergy should lose any part of their prestige. A bishop of the Church of England has still a noble port to play. , Even within our own memory we have known more than once how one courageous prelate has broken through the bonds of professional prejudice, and rallied round him the juster and more generous feeling of the clergy and the Church. 'I would tear the lawn frem my shoulders, and sink my seal deeper than ever ' plummet sounded, before I would consent .to hold rank and wealth on the disgraceful tenure of " always < swimming with the stream," and never contradicting "public opinion."' So on a late occasion an Irish bishop spoke out his mind in language worthy of himself and of his order.* To such a high sense of duty let us hope that Episcopacy may again rise, and resume its proper functions of being a defence to the weak and a light to the blind. If, indeed, according to a charitable explanation offered of this disaster, i the Bishops sacrifice themselves and their private opinions for the sake of appeasing .the popular clamour, we admire the spirit which dictated so noble a holocaust. But we could have -wished that the victims had 'been less costly, the occasion more worthy, and the attempt more successful. After this extraordinary expression on the part of the Bench, the proceedings of Convocation, which met in the ensuing fortnight, were of comparatively slight importance. It was curious to observe how carefully the Lower House avoided all allusion to the censure of, Burnet's Exposition of the Articles, which had' signalised their latest proccedingsi in this direction. > Still, on the whole, we must do them the justice of saying that they showed to advantage by the side of their ecclesiastical superiors. Many of the leading divines of the Lower House expressed disapprobation i or indifference by absence. Most of the great names ' amongst the English dignitaries were wanting-ii Canterbury, St. Paul's, Westminster, Christchurch, Chichester. Others,' such as the Dean of Ely, and I (with the exception of the Archdeacon of Taunton,! whose zeal for persecuting, others seemed to be only ' whetted by his recent and narrow escape ftom his own ' long persecution) the- leading Archdeacons, were all on the side of toleration, and the only Academical j diemtary who addressed the House, protested, with j a " chivalry worthy of the best days of the ' Church, against the iniquity and inexpediency! of the whole proceeding. The more' turbulent spirits, however, as was natural,! were the majority, and carried a vote of thanks to the' Upper House for an irregular and indiscriminate cen- j sure directed against a book whose contents they' claimed the privilege of never having read, and which,1 having thus condemned, they subsequently proceeded' to examine through a committee the chairmun of which has barely saved his own clerical position I through the happy ambiguities of ecclesiastical law.' A Memorial condemning, as inconsistent with the> teaching of the Church of England, extracts from the! book-some of which contained the first axioms of theology-was shortly afterwards presented at Lam- beth. This Address is valuable as containing the measure of the agitation. After the most active can- vass of the country, it was signed only by half of the 20,000 clergy, by only five, ' we believe, out of the' thirty deans, by three out of the forty heads of col-' leges, by three out of the twelve theological professera in Oxford, Cambridge, and Durham, by hardly any of the head-masters ol' our great schools, or of the1 educational staff of our universities. The names of the absent, in a case like this, form the real protest of the wise and thoughtful part of the community against a rash and violent excitement. The air has been filled with the shrill chirpings of the grasshopper and cicada. But the stately oxen, the strength and glory of the Church, have remained silently ruminat- ing in their own rich pastures, under their own ma- jestic shades. At this point we leave the history. The only serious consequences which have hitherto followed from all this agitation and anathemising is-that a book which naturally would have been read only by a few scholars, has been thrown broadcast by thousands over the world, each edition increasing in magnitude, in exact proportion to the vehemence of the outcry. II. This then is the point for us to consider what is the real nature of the volume, and what the questions which it raises, irrespectively of the temporary ex. citement which has given it such disproponioned celebrity. We have expressed ourselves freely on the recep- tion which the book has encountered. We shall not be misunderstood if we proceed to express ourselves as frankly on the book itself. The project of such a composite work was, as we have thought from the very Hist, a decided blunder. _ It was a combination almost sure to pi educe an illusion of a kind most fatal to a just and calm consideration of the subjects discussed. The joint appearance of the ' Essays' was certain to excite the suspicion of an identity of sentiment, where no such identity really existed. Combined action is useful only in cases where each name in the combina ation gives strength to every other. But in this case, wiih perhaps one exception, every name out of the teven, in the eyes of thofie who most needed to be concilated, added not strength but weakness to the rest. It may be argued, that a combined effort was more likely to produce an effect, than a hundred isolated efforts : and the result has gone far to prove that there is a certain amount of truth in the remark, But it is not so much the combination, as the double and treble misrepresentation of the combination, which has given the book its celebrity. The public mind has been excited because it believes in a con- spiracy, which the writers themselves justly disclaim, and have always, and on the first page of their volume, ? letter ot the -isbop of Cork to his Clergy, Peo. 7,16C0. most emphatically disclaimed. The whole panic is based on a falsehood ; and, though even by false- hood truth sometimes gains admission, where by her own unaided efforts she would knock in vain, yet this is not a consequence which the Essayists ought seriously to have contemplated. Their protest against joint liabilities has been shamefully disregarded ; and ihev cannot, as it seems to us, in good faith or con- sistency, add to itB force by any further disclaimer, such SB the animosity of insidious ioes, or the timidity of anxious friends, has so eagerly pressed upon them. Difficult as it would have been under any circum- stances to hove ported company at any moment after the publication of the volume, it became absolutely impossible to do so after the rise of the clamour. No men of spirit or honour could do that, under the influence of calumny or compulsion, which they had not done on calm reflection. Still, we repeat, the very fact of the necessity of the original protest was a testimony against the expediency of the volume. Exactly in proportion as it severed their joint action, it rendered that joint action superfluous sr misleading. Another defect, not inherent in the original concep- tion of the work, but perhaps naturally flowing from a general consciousness of antagonism to existing views-is its negative character. No book which treats of religious questions, hardly any book which treats of any important questions, con hope to make its way to the heart of the English nation, unless it gives at the same time that it takes away, builds up at ihe same time that it destroys. We are far from denying that there are many passages of a construc- tive character in the volume. Almost the whole of the first, and a large portion of the seventh Essay, axe eminently conservative. Still there is a disparaging tone throughout the work as a whole, which provokes opposition, and excites distrust, even where it does not actually shake some received opinion ; and we cannot but lament that out of treatises written with so much ability, so little can be extracted of solid accession to our theological knowledge or biblical literature. The sixth Essay, on English Religious Thought in the last Century, has, in this respect, the chief claims on our gratitude, though, evenherc,_we desire more of a history and less of a dissertation. Any illustration of an obscure period of Church his- tory or theology, any scholarlike exposition or de- scription of any one of the books either of the Old or New Testament, would, we are convinced, have con- ciliated the popular mind far more than even the noble expressions of religious sentiment that breathe through the general, and therefore superficial, sketches of the present volume. For real information, for sub- stantial instruction, it is amazing what a heavy price the uninstructed masses are content to pay even out ot the most cherished of their preconceived opinions. Akin to this is another mistake, which it is per- haps hard to charge upon the writers, because it is in fact rather the fault or the misfortune of the readers. It was a great advantage in the last century that almost all books on the vexed questions of theology were written in Latin. Even in this century, the same reserve is to a certain degree maintained by the use of German, which in all countries, except its own, is practically the language of the learned. Ger- man books incomparably more startling than the pre- sent volume have been and are constantly read by English students, though to the public at large her- metically sealed. But the ' Essays and Reviews,' by their language, by their title, by their form, were addressed to the public promiscuously. ' For whom,' asks Dr. Moberly," in a tone of indignation, exagge- rated, no doubt, yet we think not without foundation,-'for wnom is this book intended? Is it written for the mass of general readers ? Is it designed for students at the universities?' Is it addressed to men or to women ? to the young or the old ? to the poor and ignorant, or to learned scholars ? We do not doubt that the authors would say chiefly to the class just named.' And it is certainly true that for its vast extension beyond that circle, it is not they, but their assailants, who are responsible. It was not till the Reviewers had opened fire upon them that the book reached its third edition. It was not till the Bishops had condemned it that it leaped, week by week, into the fifth, sixth, seventh, and eight gigantic editions which have crowded Pater- noster Row. Nay, even more, the public impression is formed, not so much from the book itself as from the hostile Reviews which, though at unequal paces, are springing after it in successive editions, and from the quotations contained in circulars and protests, sometimes true, sometimes false, but always torn away from their qualifying and moderating context. By these extracts, and not by the ' Essays,' it is that the country has been deluged with the" ' unproved, unargued assertions, the random 'suggestions,' ot which Dr. Moberly cemplains, and which have been caught up, like the Arian and Athanasian disputes of the fourth century, by tradesmen and peasants, by unprincipled infidel lecturers, by Puritan preachers as unprincipled and as ignorant, till the air is poisoned with doubts that have 'been instilled by the very persons who are denouncing all doubt as sin, and all inquiry as impiety. Still, though far less blameable in this respect than their reviewers and slanderers, we must charge the essayists, if not with having in- tended, yet at least with having overlooked, this natural consequence of such a publication. Particu larly we think that this applies to the second and fourth of the essays. Conclusions arrived at by the life-long labours of a great German theologian are pitchforked into the face of the English public, who never heard of them befoio, with hardly a shred of argument to clothe their repulsive, f forms., Asser- tions which even the learned % and sceptical would hesitate to receive after long discussion, are assumed as certain without a word of proof, and without any connexion1 with the context in which they occur. We do not defend the madness of the bull, but we must bestow some indignation on the man who shakes the red flag in its face. We reprobate with all our might tne brutal mob of ruffians and fanatics who last year took possession of St. George's-in-the East, but we cannot acquit the ceremonialists who quickened the mob into action. We will not do the , essayists the injustice of comparing them to Mr. Bryan King and his youthful associates ; nor has the fear of Germany as yet led to excesses so deplorable as those produced by the fear of Rome. But there is a limit of common sense and charity, which has been transgressed in both cases, and which cannot be trans- gressed with impunity. One of the essayists at least will acknowledge the force of the following impressive words which closed a series of discourses heard ten years ago with profound attention by a vast academical audience. * No member of a communion or society is bound, either by public or private duty, to unsettle received opinions, where they may seem to be erroneous, un- less be have a reasonable hope, as it appears to him, that he shall be able to supply something better in' their place. We should not rob weak wayfarers in this worldly scene, of the reeds on which they lean, unless we can strengthen their feeble knees, or supply into their right hands stronger staves to lean on.' {Wilson's Bampton Lectures,p. 281.) Whatever other faults appear in the book must be considered with reference to the individual writers. To view any one of them in the light of any other is simply a delusion. Not only were they written, as their preface declares, without concert or comparison, but it is evident on their very face that there is as little connexion between their writers, in style or character, as between the several contributors to this journal, or to any other of the numerous joint works -which the division of labour is constantly throwing forth upon the world. Of two of the Essayists we think it needless to speak at length. Professor Powell's essay is so similar in substance to an earlier treatise which was criticised in our pages § long before the present agita- tion, that -ne may be excused for not resuming the subject. What may have been the exact purport of Ids paradoxical argument we confess ourselves unable to determine. If he means to say that miracles must be relegated from the sphere of historical evidence into the region of faith, this is not an uncommon opinion even in the so.called religious world. If he means to say that no such extraordinary events as j any of those recorded in the Sacred Writings could have taken place, he appears to us to have transcended the limits ot scientific and historical knowledge, no less than of devout belief. But he has passed be« yond the Teach not only of literary criticism but of ecclesiastical censure. His Essay Btands in no direct relation to the others. We shaíl therefore treat it as belonging altogether to the past. Mr. Goodwin's contribution may also be considered as practically defunct. Now that he is discovered not to be the Dean of Ely, the applause which has been heaped upon him by the assailants of the rest of the volume is quite sufficient to indemnify him for any dispraise which he received when he was thought to be a clergyman. Except that the style of | his Essay is needlessly offensive and irritating, there is nothing in it which needs further notice than any | ot the other attempts which have been made to adjust « Pi cf. p. xxu. t Stich arc many of Dr. Wilhauis's abrupt statements of Baron Bunsen's conclusions,-the explanation ot the Exodus, the -1 poi tance of Bomen, the date of Daniel, Sec, ' t Such is Ml. Wilson's statement respecting the date of the! fourth Gospel (p. 116), and that 'tho taking of Jerusalem by i Bbishak is for the Hebrew history that which the sacking o'fl Home bj the Cauls is foi the Homans (p. 170). This last aseer-' tion, is holly unsupported by argument, is, not only according to our humble belief, out according to the whole tenor of the great work of Kwala, equally untenable in its negativ« and its positiv« «peet. i Ed, lit v., ïs'o. ccxix. pp, 75-8. ' the relations of Genesis and theology, ' No one now contends (says Mr. Goodwin, p. 253) that the Mosaic cosmogony can be used as a basis of astronomical or geological teaching.' ' It is not the object of Scrip- ture (says Dr. Puscy in 1828 ") to teach men astron- omical and geological, but religious and moral truth.' With this position, which has been incontrovertibly fixed, ever since the reception of the Copernican system destroyed the literal interpretation of the Sa- cred Text, the controversy falls to the ground. The five remaining Essayists stand on a different ground. Net only have they attracted more atten- tion from their positions in the Church, but their antecedents are all such as deserve, in different de- grees, a respectful consideration from aU who take-an interest in the future welfare of the English Church. Dr. Temple, after years spent in self-denying labour, and in situations which brought him into contact with various classes of our countrymen rarely known to the scholastic or clerical profession, has been for three yeats head-master ef Rugby School. He sits in the chair of Arnold, and his successful career, even in this short space, has gone far to realise the joyful anticipations with which all who revered the memory of his great predecessor hailed his election to that important post. The position of Professor Jowett has a significance of its own. Since the termination of the great move- ment of the ' Tracts for the Times,' he is the only mun in the University of Oxford who has exercised a moral and spiritual influence at all corresponding to tnat which was once wielded by John Henry New- man. It is not merely his genius and learning which have won for him this high place among the teachers of Oxford ; it is the daily and hourly devotion of his time and thoughts to the improvement of those with whom, whether as professor or tutor, he has been brought into contact. With the scanty stipend of £40_a year, which is the whole sum granted to his chair by the Crown or the University, he bestows more labour on his pupils than any other member of the professorial body, however ample their income, however meritorious their efforts. His work on the Epistles of St. Paul is probably the only English exegetical treatise of our day that has acquired a continental reputation. He stands confessedly master of the situation in the eyes of the rising generation of English studentB and theologians. The three others are less known, but still are amongst those few who have a claim to be heard, even before they speak. No student can have read the volumes of our chief contemporary during the last ten years, without pauBing on the learned sketches t f the great scholars of the seventeenth century Casaubon, Scaliger, and Huet, The recent election of the author of these essays to the vacant Rectorship of Lincoln College has been (or would, but for the present agitation, have been) a delight to all who re- joice in the connexion of academic dignities with energy and ability. Dr. Rowland Williams has come before the world in more questionable colours. We know not whether the Welsh blood is peculiarlysuscep tibie, but the recent controversy between the Vice Piincipal of Lampeter College and the Bishop of St. David's indicates a pugnacity andan irritability which would render us extremely unwilling to accept him as an ally, however welcome (as was evident from the zest with which Bishop Thirlwall sprang upon the easy prey) he may be as a foe. Still it is no slight honour to Dr. Williams to have .produced a work which is acknowledged by competent and even by un- willing witnesses to be the best defence of the excel- lences, claimsf, and authority of Christianity in the great controversy with Hinduism. Mr. Wilson is known chiefly as the author of a volume of Bampton Lectures, on ' the Communion of Saints.' It is dis- figured, like his present Essay, by harsh technical phraseology. But those who have turned over the dreary series of volumes amongst which it stands, w ill lind oases in it of such originality and beauty as to recompense them for many a weary stage in their theological pilgrimage. No other Bampton Lectures of our time (if, for a different reason, we except Mr. Mensel's celebrated attack on the first principles of theology) made so deep an impression on the religious mind ot Oxford as those of Mr. Wilson. From the Essayists we descend to the Essays. We agree in the general judgment that most of them fail in reaching quite to the level of the reputation of their respective authors, and that the. first and the last stand far above the others. Dr. Temple's Essay was, in fact, a sermon on the Fulness of Time, and must be so viewed. When preached before the authorities and the students of * Oxford, it was heard with approbation, it might be said, with enthusiasm, by most of his hearers, with acquiescence by all. "We do not undertake to justify the somewhat too elaborate analogy between the individual and the race, but the general theological position of the writer can only be shaken by impugning the sacred text on which the sermon waB founded. -'The Advent took place in the form and at the time most fitted for the production of the I effect intended.' This is the substance of the whole 1 argument. The only fault which can be found with , it, OB Dr. Moberly J well observes, is that it is * as old as St. Paul.' It can he disputed only by maintaining that the great event which it vindicates occurred in a I wrong shape and on a wrong occasion-not in the ful- ness but in the immaturity of time. " "? Professor Jowett has furnished what may be termed i a valuable supplement to his work on St. Paul. It is intended to clear away some of the misconceptions which have prevented Biblical students from deriving the full advantages to be reaped from the sacre records, and to point out what those advantages are. It shares the usual excellences, and, though in a less degree, the usual faults, of his writings- their ten- dency to negation rather than construction, their meditative, and therefore somewhat indirect, style. But we do not envy the man who can read through the Essay, and particularly ÜB closing pages, unimpressed by the lofty tone which breathes through its exposi "3 _... ._.j «uuv "mu. uiraiu« liiiuugll lia C.Ï.JJUB1 tions of the power of our Lord's words, and its in- culcation of the love of truth as the first of religious i duties. - I Mr, Pattison'« Essay, in point of style and thought, is a natural sequel to those which appeared, as we have just observed, in the ' Quarterly Review.' No lens less pewciful than the microscope for detecting heresies, could have discovered any dangerous tenden- cies in it, had it appeared under a brown instead of a purple coyer: We wißh that the learned author had brought out more prominently the individual divines of this period. Butler, especially, deserved a far more elaborate and comprehensive treatment. Dr. Williams's contribution is not an Essay, but a Review of the writings of Baron Bunsen. " It waB published before their distinguished author had set bis last seal upon them by the remarkable death, which has been made known to us through the pen of M. Pressense. To diBcuss the contents of this re- view, therefore, would be in fact to discusB the multi- farious researches of one of the most voluminous of German authors. But we cannot'avoid observing that the flippant and contemptuous tone of the re- view er often amounts to a direct breach of the com- pact with which the volume opens, that the subjects therein touched should be handled ' in a becoming spirit.' Anything more 'unbecoming' than some of Dr. Williams's remarks we never have read, in writings professing to be written seriously. Mr. Wilson comes forward with a powerful though often rash defence of the principle of a national church (called by him in the absurd nomenclature which he has adopted from the French write» whom he reviews, Mitltitttdinism,) as opposed to that of secta- rianism (or as he calls it, 'individualism'). It is in laying down this position that he has been led, ap- parently with the view of trying the principle to the uttermost, to make those extreme statements of which we have already complained. III. We pass on to the consideration of the general questions involved in the whole phenomenon, both of the volume and of the alarm that it has excited. Long alter it and they have passed away, these questions w ill continue. It is of the highest interest to ascer- tain what they are, and how they affect the prospect of religion in this country. They relate mainly to two subjects,-the proper mode ot studying and in- terpreting the Bible, and, closely allied with it, the relative value of the internal and external evidences of Religion. To which may perhaps be added a third, of less general interest, the relation of dog- matical theology to the Bible and to history. 1\. On all these points but specially on the first, it has been a prodigious mistake to suppose that this volume contains anything new. By friends and foes alike this illus'on has been propagated,-' a new Reformation,' ' a neo- Christianity, ' a new Religion, of Christianity without Christ, without the Holy Ghost, without a Bible, and without a Church.'§ We will venture to say that, with the possible exception of Professor Powell's Essay, and a few words of Dr. Williams and Mr. Wilson, there is no statement of doctrine or fact in this volume which has not been repeatedly set forth by divines whose deep and sin- cere faith in the Christian religion cannot be denied without the very worst uneharitableness, and some of whom are actually regarded as luminaries of the * Inquiry into German Theology, p. 01. \+ ' Christianity and ninduism, 1850.* See avery favourable re- view of it in the ' Christian Remembrancer,' No. xxxv. pp. 81 ,129. ' AVc have never seen in any of the writing of the Latitudi narinn party, 60 much to demand our admiration and our »ympathy, as in this volume.' (P. 128.) 1 Preface to Sermons on 'Beatitudes,' p. *. The remaining part of Dr. Mobcrly's objection is founded on an entire miceon teption of the argument. 1 Quart. JUT., Ko. ccxYii. p. 287, Church. Even if the volume could be regarded as an epoch in the Church of England, it cannot possibly be regarded as an epoch in Christendom. If the West- minster or the Quarterly Reviewer had looked ever so cursorily through the works of Herder, Schleier- macher, Lücke, Neander, De Wette, Ewald, or even Tholuck, Olshausen, and Hengstenberg, they would see that the greater part of the passages which haye given so much cause for exultation or for offence in this volume, have their counterpart in those distin- guished theologians whom we have just cited, and therefore, if they weie destined to overthrow Christi- anity, ought to have done so long ago. But neither, is it an epoch in England. The style, the manner, the composition of thiB book may be oflenBive or pecu- liar. But facts and creeds are not revolutionised by manner and style. The principles, even the words, of the E°sayists have been known for the laBt fifty 3 cirs, through writings popular amongst all English students of the higher branches of theology. If there be a conspiracy, it is one far more formidable than that of the seven Essajists. For it is a con- spiracy in which half the rising generation, one quarter of the Bench of Bishops, the most leading spirits of our clergy, have been, and are, and will be' engaged, whatever te the rcBults of the present con- ti oversy. Coleridge led the way. A w hole genera rntion arose under his Germanising influence. Even Dr. Pusey swelled the ranks for a time, and still retains in his teaching traces of his former associates. The translation of Niebuhr's 'History of Rome,' with its spéculât ions on the origin of mankind, by Hare and Thirhvall, calling clown the thunders ol' the ' Quarterly Review ' of that day, which were an- swered with burning indignation and withering scorn by the two divines who had undertaken that labour oi love.* The Critical Essay of Schleiermacher on St. Luke's Gospel was ushere"d into the world by a Preface of the translator, which beats on every page the unmistakable stamp of the masterly hand ot the Bishop ef St. David's ; Essay and Preface alike con- taining almost all the principles and manyof the state- ments, which now- whilst he declares that no amount of orthodox statement can, without express dis- avowal, relieve a writer from the responsibility of his connivance at previous heterodoxy-that prelate de- nounces as incompatible with the profession of an English clergyman. Arnold's ' Life and Letters ' has been allowed to pass through as many editions as the ' Essays and Reviews,' and yet contains not only all the fundamental principles of the present volume, which have been so much attacked, but particular passages almost verbally coincident with the language of Professor Jowett or Dr. Williams on the 'Book of Daniel,' or even of Mr. AVilson on the early Jewish history. Dean Alford's edition|of the Greek Testament abounds with passages on inspiration and on the biblical discrepancies, exactly similar to those to which allusion is made "in the second, fourth, and seventh 'Esaays.'f DeanfMilman's successive works, with all their weight of eloquence and learning, point in the same direction ; and he, we are sure, will not think that his present high station exempts him from the duty and the privilege of sympathising withthose w ho are now struggling with the obloquy which he has triumphantly surmounted. Mr. Westcott's cautious and valuable treatise on the 'Canon* con- tains, it has been truly said, more startling (and, if we chooBe so to regard them, more dangerous) facts about the origin of the New Testament, than are to be found in the whole of the doomed volume. Lord Arthur Hervey's work on the ' Genealogies of ChriBt' con- tains speculations on the books of Joshua and Judges, more inconsistent with their literally historical character, and, we must add, more contrary to all sound criticism, than any theory started by Baron Bunsen or his Welsh admirer. Nay, there is a composite work still more exactly corresponding in character to the seven Essavs. A huge volume, to which a successor is expected, has lately issued from the press, formed, like that of which we speak, by contributions from various authors, most of them, we are sorry to say, clergymen in high positions ; far moie responsible than the Essayists lor the joint character of the parts (inasmuch as this work con- tains no such emphatic disclaimer as that prefixed to the 'Essays and Reviews'),-'handling freely all those' Biblical 'subjects which are peculiarly liable to suffer by the repetition of conventional language, and from a traditional method of treatment. Al- ready the Record newspaper has scented out the taint of neology ; already the signs of a semi-infidel con- spiracy have been detected in the astute adjustment of the different, parts, and the adhesion of more orthodox names to give a semblance of respectability to the whole. W_l Mr. Murray forgive us-nay, -will he not rather applaud us, for thus recommending to a sale as wide as that of its unfortunate precursor not the sevenfold but the fiftyfold foe of all religion, the formidable ' Dictionary of the Bible/ edited by Dr. William Smith ? Seriously, it is by excellent and indispensable works of this kind that the facts, if not the conclusions, of the Essayists are circulated for the edification of theological students. And Christianity still remains unshaken, and the Church of England is proud-and justly proud-of sending forth her choicest labourers to this noble field. Nor is it the more latitudinarian divines who must be ignored in order to represent the Essayists as revo- lutionists | and atheists. The Fathers of ,the Church of England, the FatheiB of the Church Catholic, nay, even some of the modern champions of a rigid ortho- doxy, have committed themselves irretrievably to thç doctrines which in the recent agitation have been, so recklessly condemned. Let us take one or two obvions instances; . The Epistle to the Hebrews is not written by the same author that wrote the other epistles bearing the name of Paul, but is of later date.' Such is one of the specimens of the book given by the ' National Re. former,' the infidel j organ, the oracle of the Quat» terly reviewer, as a proof of the approaching over, throw of Christianity. We are almoBt aBhamedto repeat for the thousandth time the well-known fact that the authorship of this epistlo was a question kept open for 400 years ; that its non-Pauline origin is the accepted doctrine of all the orthodox divines of Germany, and of most educated^ divines of Eng. land ; and that Archbishop Howley, not the most revolutionary of modern prelates, admitted to ordina- tion a distinguished clergyman who expressed to bim doubts, not only of the npostolicity but of the canonicity of this great epistle. 'The Book of Zachariah is of three dates.' So Dr. Moberly H in a paroxysm of terror transcribes the sentence from Dr. Williams's essay. Can the learned Head-master of Winchester be ignorant that the divided authorship of Zachariah was an acknowledged fact in the view of Mede, Hammond, Kidder, Seeker, Newcome, Pye Smith, and perhaps even of the Evangelist St. Matthew ? » 'A indication of Niebuhr from the chai ges of the "Quarteilv RcAiew."* bee Cbpeciallj pp. 02, 63, 61. \+ See a collection of the»o and other like passages from living divines in the seasonable 'Defence of Lbsajs and Renews,'by Dr. Wild. X National Reformo, \ ol. l. No. xxu. Dec. 22,18G0. { See Dean Alfoid's Gicek l'C6t. \ol, i\\. ' Piolegomena,' H Arnold's Life, 8th edition, -NO1, U. p. 118. "I Dr. Moberlj's Pieface, p \\. FLOATING REFUGE ON THE GOODWIN SANDS.-The recent disastrous gales have recalled attention to the plan of a shipwreck asylum, proposed many years since by AdmiraKT. L. Tayler. The principle is to' have a refuge supported by perpendicularly floating piles, moored beneath and braced together, but with such motion that each pile presents little opposing suiface to the waveB. Admiral Tayler's plan has been approved by many naval and civil engineers, and he offers to complete in four months one of his floating breakwaters, capable of giving refuge to 300 men, at a cost to Government of £5000, Any one who has observed the resistance to waves, by a pha- lanx of stout reeds growing at the side of a river may see the principle of Admiral Tayler's invention as a breakwater. DR. SCORESBY IN PARIS IN 1823.-At the Insti- tute I had the honour to be introduced to several distinguished members ; such were MM. Ampère Cuvier, Admiral Count Rosily, Baron Humboldt', Lacepede, Gay-Lussac, &c;, "c. In the evening I attended a conversazione at the house of M. Arago where it was my privilege to be introduced to Al! Cailliot, who travelled with the Pasha of Egypt towards the source of the Nile ; to M. Simonoff, who has visited the Antartic circle beyond the ne plus ultra of Cook ; General Beaoy, M. Poisson, &c;, &c.; It was remarkable that the person who had been nearest to the South Pole ; myself the nearest to the North Pole ; Humboldt, who had been higher than any man upon a mountain and deeper than any man in the earth ; and M. Cailliot, who had approached nearest to the source of the Nile-should all meet together in one party.-Life of Dr. Scoresby. POBT OFFICE RODHERIES.-There are not less than one hundred servants of the Post-oflice at this time * under penal servitude, and the public have it wholly in their own hands to put a stop to such crimes at once, by ceasing to inclose in letters such articles as jewelleiy and money. But the Post-office must bear some share of the blame. The men are ill paid ; the public have few conveniences for obtaining post office orders ; the fees are unreasonably high, and the transmission of small sums is in no way encouraged. The granting of orders for suras between five and ten shillings, at a fee of one penny for the order, would piove a great convenience, and would materially check this tide ol postmen hastening to their ruin, - 