THE SYDNEY MONTHLY OVERLAND MAIL. By the Gazette. SUMMARY OF MONTHLY NEWS. FROM THE 21ST JANUARY TO 19TH FEBRUARY, 1861. 21st to 25th January. SIR WILLIAM DENISON left by the mail steamer on Tuesday, and his departure was the signal for further demonstrations. The Volunteers again turned out in splendid style. The cavalry escorted his Ex- cellency from Government House to the Circular Quay; the artillery fired the salute, and the rifles lined the way on either side. There was a large at- tendance of officials and civilians, and a crowd of lookers on, by whom Sir William was cheered. A second artillery salute was fired after his Excellency got afloat. Soon after he arrived on board the Behar she was got under way, but she was accompanied outside the Heads by several steamers well crowded with passengers, all anxious for a last look at the ex Viceroy of the Australias, and Governor-elect of Madras. Some two hours afterwards, Lieutenant-Colonel Kempt was sworn in, with the usual ceremonies, as Administrator of the Government-an office devolving upon him as senior military officer, by the Queen's warrant, until the arrival of Sir John Young. At the eleventh hour, two other addresses were presented to Sir William Denison, one from the mayor and aldermen of Sydney, and the other by a deputa- tion from a public meeting held the previous evening. The latter address, and a dinner at Manly Beach, on Tuesday, which followed its presentation, may be considered as a demonstration in favour of democratic principles. There is some reason to doubt, however, whether all these demonstrations of respect and admiration would not have been materially qualified, if some facts which came out on Wednesday had been generally known on the morning of the previous day. The warmest compli- ments paid to Sir William have been on ac- count of his strict adherence to constitutional prin- ciples in carrying out " responsible government." His last official act was to violate those principles by setting at defiance his constitutional advisers-the Ministry, and doing a thing which they had declared he had no power to do. For several years past a correspondence has been going on between the Imperial and Colonial Govern- ments, respecting a proposed re-grant of escheated land to the representatives of one Tawell, who was executed in England for murder. The law advisers of each succeeding Ministry have held that the Governor had no power to make this grant, and each Cabinet has declined, therefore, to advise its issue ; notwithstanding the pressure for such issue from the Imperial Government. Shortly before his departure Sir William Denison demanded the great seal of the colony that he might affix it to a grant which had been prepared in the office of a private solicitor. Mr. Cowper withheld the seal, and pleaded the adverse decisions upon this point, by his and other Cabinets. But Sir William Denison had received the command of the Secretary of State, and was determined to obey this mandate, the protest of his responsible Ministers notwithstanding. He insisted, therefore, upon the surrender of the seal. Mr. Cowper and his colleagues gave up the seal, and tendered their resignation at the same time. But his Excellency having thus per- fected the deed of grant sent the seal back to its former custody, and declined to accept the resigna- tions. The whole subject is before Parliament, and is now under consideration. So far as the present Ministers are concerned the only question will be, whether they ought not to have resisted his Excel- lency's demand for the seal, and to have retained it until their resignations had been accepted and their successors chosen. Collaterally, however, there will be several important questions as to the relative powers of the Viceroy for the time being, and of the responsible Ministers. Mr. Lucas has given notice of his intention to move . for a reduction of all the Government salaries above | £260 per annum ; the per centage of reduction to in- crease, on a graduated scale with the amount of the salary to be reduced. Thus, while he proposes to reduce by but six per cent, salaries of from £250, to £300, he would reduce those over £1000 to the ex- tent of twenty per cent. Mr. Buchanan has sought to bring in a bill for the immediate abolition of State-aid to religion ; but was prevailed upon to withdraw it, on the ground that such a measure ought to proceed from the Govern- ment. It is clear from the tone of the Assembly that when any such measure if introduced it will be favourably received. The Upper House Bill of last year has been re- produced in its entirety ; but Mr. Parkes and others have declared their opinion that it should be so far amended as to give the second Chamber a more Con- servative character, and Mr. Cowper has intimated that he will give way, to a certain extent, upon these' points. A few members have raised their voices for the total abolition of a second Chamber, but they are in a minority. Amongst other testimonials to Sir William Denison, prior to his departure, was a splendidly bound Bible and prayer book, presented by the Bishop of Sydney and the clergy of the Church of England. A fancy bazaar, in aid of St. Vincent's Hospital, has been held during the present week in one of the wings of the George-street Market, and has, we believe, been well attended. Last Friday a ball was given by the sergeants of the Victoria Barracks, to colour-serjeant Gibson and Mrs. Gibson, on their departure for England. The Cockatoo Islanders have again refused to work ; and this time the number of mutineers has been increased. The fifty one who came from Dar- linghurst were joined in their refusal by twenty-two others. The whole have been safely brought to Darlinghurst Goal, the old offenders under sentence of twenty-eight days solitary confinement and the others of fourteen days. This time they were more noisy and abusive than before, and threatened the police. It is intended permanently to retain some of the ringleaders at Darlinghurst. The shop of Mr. Hardiman, baker, of George-street' South, has been robbed of £54 in gold, £5 in silver, and a savings-bank deposit paper representing £80. The illegitimate offspring of a female named Parker has died suddenly from injuries received by an accidental fall while out at nurse. The members of No. 3 company of the Sydney Volunteer Rifles have presented a purse of £5 to drill sergeant Lees in acknowledgment of his services. A public meeting of Rifle Volunteers has been held at which it was determined to present Serjeant-major Baynes with a handsome sword. Subscriptions were limited to one shilling, so that all might contribute. The house of Mr. J. B. Suttor, at Wyagdon, has been struck by lightning. A picture of the Queen was destroyed and other damage done, but the in- mates of the house, although startled by the shock, sustained no personal injury. The seventh anniversary of the ministry of the Rev. Mr. Voller, at the Baptist Chapel, in Bathurst-street, has been celebrated by a tea meeting. The keepers of a dancing saloon called the Argyle Booms, but more Generally known as the Rotunda, on the South Head Road, were recently prosecuted to conviction by Inspector Singleton, of the metropo- litan police, for receiving disorderly characters at their assemblies. An address has been presented to the inspector from seventy residents in the neighbour- hood, not only thanking him for what he has done, but expressing strong confidence in the efficiency of himself and his division, as guardians of public order, and assuring him of their readiness to assist him whenever assistance may be necessary. The Sydney cricketers have of late been more OBsiduotis in their practice preparatory to the coming n/molorual march. Thi» hub been fixed for the 14th, l5th, and 16th of February. A good conduct medal has been presented by Sir William Denison to sergeant Gooding 0f the Sappers The anniversary of the Wesleyan Sabbath schools of Waverley was celebrated by a tea meeting on Tuesday evening. The anniversary of the Hand of Hope was celebrated on the same evening. Since rifle practice has become fashionable, volun- teers have occasionally gone to Bondi to improve their aim. This firing in the bush is very dangerous. A horse belonging to Mr. F. O'Brien has been shot, and if the practice be not checked by authority some human life will probably, ere long, be sacrificed. The annual meeting of St. Philip's Parochial Asso- ciation and Auxiliary to the Church Society was held on Tuesday evening. There has been another destructive fire at West Maitland. The stores of Mr. Fitch, and the house of Dr. Morris, were consumed, This occurred on Sun- day morning, while the Maitland Volunteers were absent in Sydney. The want of a properly organised fire brigade at Maitland is dwelt upon by the local Press. A grand complimentary concert was given to Madamé Carandini on Wednesday evening. Mr. George Warburton, police magistrate of Mud- gee, has been thrown from his horse, and has had his thigh broken. The second annual meeting of the Sydney Vocal Harmonic Society was held on Wednesday evening. The society is progressing well. The annual meeting of the St. Matthias Parochial Association, Windsor, was held on Monday evening, The annual meeting of the Darling Point Mutual Improvement Association was held on Wednesday evening. John West, the assistant-keeper at Billing's me- nagerie, Watson's Bay, has died from the injuries which he received from the Bengal tiger. It will be remembered that, attempting incautious familiarity with the savage brute, the man's arm was so torn that amputation became necessary. The early closing movement among the drapers and clothiers is still progressing. At a recent meeting of South Sydney employers it was determined to close at eight p.m. until the 1st of April, and from that time at seven p.m. The first anniversary of the Congregational Church at Cambelltown was celebrated by a tea party and social reunion, on Tuesday evening. The Plough Inn and the adjacent provision stores, all leased by Mr. Boylston, at the junction of the Liverpool and Parramatta roads, have been destroyed by fire. This is the second time Mr. Boylston has suffered in like manner. His loss in uninsured stock is estimated at £2500. The cause of the fire is un- known. Mr. Boylston supposes it to be the work of an incendiary ; but there as yet no material evidence of any such fact. A woman named Frances Hunt Sherlock has died from the effect of certain blows and kicks admini- stered to her by one John Halpen, with whom she had been cohabiting, at Workworth, Patrick's Plains. She began the fray by beating him about the head with a brickbat, Halpen has been committed for manslaughter. The annual meeting of subscribers to the Parra- matta District Hospital was held on Tuesday. Two butchers who were racing in the Domain, on Thursday, were thrown from their horses, and one of them, named Woolfe, was seriously hurt. He man- aged, however, to remount his horse and to proceed homeward. A large public meeting for the advocacy of tempe- rance principles was held at the Temperance Hall, on Thursday evening. 25th January to 1st February. THE holidays are over. Saturday - the anniversary of the foundation of the colony - was the last of them. This was kept up, both in Sydney and elsewhere, with as right good will as have been all other holidays of the like character. The principal attraction was, of course, the regatta, and this year it presented additional interest from having, for the first time, been placed under the management of the Sydney Yacht Club. Their arrangements were admirable, and gave very general satisfaction. The principal event of this regatta was the Champion Yacht Race. This was won by the Annie Ogle, a colonial built vessel. In this contest in fact the colonial yachts had decidedly the best of it, but as years pass we may expect to see some of the crack boats from the Thames and elsewhere, so that our colonial builders must look well to their laurels. One craft, said to be of this character, has arrived by the Tiptree, but came too late to contest the champion- ship. A scratch match has, however, been arranged for tomorrow, in which it is hoped she will be able to take part. The Club gave a dinner to Mr Robbins, the spirited owner of the Melbourne yacht, Paddy from Cork. Among other modes of keeping holiday on the 26th was the pleasant one of a steam excursion up the Hawkesbury. We wonder that such excursions up this splendid river are not more frequent. A Chinese, named Go-Younge, has been appre- hended at Maitland, on suspicion of murdering a fellow countryman named Chin-Sam, and has been remanded to Muswellbrook, in the lock-up, at which place the witnesses against him are at present under confinement. A man, named Hodges, has died in consequence of injuries received by the wheel of a heavy laden dray from which he had fallen, passing over his arm. He was severely injured, and lingered from these injuries for a considerable time. There have been some severe and destructive thunderstorms of late. A Dutchman named William Orr, has been killed by lightning, at Compton Island, in the Liverpool Plains district. The Pastoral Times states the leaders of the separa- tion movement at Deniliquin are collecting data, &c; , to support their demand and purpose to prepare a map of the projected new colony. The members of the Waterloo Municipal Council have given a return dinner to Mr. Hayes, formerly returning-officer of that municipality. There has been a meeting at Ashfield, at which a subscription has been opened for the establishment of a local school of arts The shop of Mr. W. Brown, of Brickfield-hill, was, on Saturday last, robbed of watches, chains, and other property to the value of about £200. The volunteer artillery had ball practice at Fort Denison on Tuesday, and acquitted themselves very creditably. In fact their progress has been far beyond what could have been expected considering the amount of time which they have been able to devote to drill. The Rev. G. W. Stanley lectured on Monday at the St. Leonard's School of Arts, on the works of Dickens. Sarah Leahan-the servant of the White Horse Hotel, who was injured through her clothes taking fire-has since died from tetanus. The foundation stone of a new Hall for St. John's Lodge of Oddfellows (Manchester Unity), at New- town, has been laid by Mr. Sutherland-the Mayor of Sydney-himself a brother of the Order. The fourth annual meeting of the Lord's Day Observance Society was held on Monday. On the same day, also, was held the annual meeting of St. Laurence's Parochial Association. The report pre- sented at the first of these meetings, stated that con- siderable progress had been made through the exer- tions of the society, but that much remained to be done ; and it complained especially of the encourage- ment by the Government of railway travelling on the Sabbath. The annual general meeting of the Benevolent Society was held the same evening. During the past year relief has been afforded by the institution to the 408 families, numbering 2808 individuals. The diggers at Lambing Flat- "decent people," as Captain Zouch called them in his memorable report - have banded themselves together and ex- pelled the Chinese from that locality. This has woke up the Government, and a force of mounted men is being concentrated, under the command of Captain Zouch himself and of Mr. Commissioner Cloete, for the purpose of reducing the rioters to order. It is understood that some of the Sydney Mounted Rifles have offered to go there also. An adjourned annual meeting of the Sydney Exchange Company has been held, and Mr. F. Ebsworth has been elected a director of that com- pany, in the room of Mr. James Williamson, resigned. The friends and supporters of that most admirable institution, the Sussex-street Ragged School, had a tea meeting on Monday evening. At this meeting an account was given of the progress of the school, which has been very satisfactory. The present average attendance in the different departments of the school is as follows:-Infants and girls, 51; in dustrial, 25. Afternoon: boys, 38 ; girls, 41 ; total, 79\. Evening ; boys, 36. The average earnings in the industrial department is 8s. 3d. per week. Of this 5s. is placed in the penny savings' bank, and 3s. 3d. is paid to the workers. The education im- parted to the children consists in teaching them different kinds of work, also reading, writing, and arithmetic, &c.; Religious instruction is also given. The girls in the industrial departments are taught to make and repair their own dresses. The scholars range from four years of age to eighteen, but in con- sequence of the older children proving indolent and careless, the energies of the teachers are principally directed to the younger children, who are more tractable, and who are already acquiring habits of industry and economy. The children were at first very rough in their manners, but there has been a very marked improvement in this respect, and most of them have become strongly attached to the insti- tution and its managers. The proprietors of the Australian Library have held their annual meeting, and elected their office bearers for the current year. Dr. George Walker has lectured on the " History and Chemistry of Costume," before the Randwick Mutual Improvement Society. Mr. George Blakely, of Wollongong, has died from injuries received by having fallen heavily from his horse as he was striking at a dog which had rushed at him. It is a matter of wonder that there are not more fatal accidents from the same cause, considering the number of yelping curs which are allowed to run loose. A man, Thomas Garrick, aged thirty-six, formerly in the employment of Messrs. Hill and Son. up- holsterers, who shot himself on the 1st of December, expired on Wednesday. The pistol was charged with a piece of brass instead of a bullet, and the man was for some time expected to recover. Pecuniary diffi- culties are said to have been the proximate cause of this rash act, having produced temporary insanity. The organisation of the volunteers' band is rapidly progressing. The Ministry seem, up to the present time, to have everything pretty much their own way in Parliament. Their bill to cover the expenditure for the first three months of the present year has been passed in both Houses : the Crown Lands Occupation Bill has been read a second time, and the financial scheme of Mr. Weekes has been endorsed by the Assembly, although not without a smart, and, of course, a very wordy contest. Mr. Weekes still maintained that the country is finan- cially, most prosperous ; that the falling off in its revenue is only attributable to the separation of Queensland, and that in another year even this will be totally got over. He proposes to repeal the export duty upon gold, but to retain a Mint charge of two pence per ounce. He cannot at present propose any repeal of the duty on sugar, but he contemplates removing that upon tea by three instalments-to reduce to twopence per pound on the 31st of March, and to one penny per pound on the the 30th of Sep- tember, taking all duty off at the end of the year. To supply the deficiency caused by these reductions, the duties on imported spirits are to be equalised, by in- creasing those upon whisky and rum from 7s. to 10s. per gallon ; spirits distilled in the colony from sugar are to have the duty upon them raised to 9s. 5d. per gallon, and spirits thus distilled from grain to 10s. per gallon. A sample of coffee from Norfolk Island has been examined by Messrs. Bennett and Co., grocers, of this city, and pronounced to be of very superior quality ; quite equal, in fact, to the finest products from Ceylon and Manila. A lecture was delivered on Thursday evening, by the Rev. Mr. Vanderkiste, in connection with the Alliance for the Suppression of Intemperance. Its title was " The World Sober ;" and its nature, a his- tory of the progress of Teetotalism, and of the rev. lecturer's efforts in connection with that movement. The Rev. Dr. Woolley has lectured before the pupils of the Australian Ladies' College, on the oc- casion of their resumption of their studies after the Christmas vacation. His lecture had reference to the nature of that institution, and of the kind of studies proper for females. While he admitted a predisposition to view with distrust all institutions with new or high sounding titles, the lecturer stated that he had no such feeling in reference to the "Ladies' College." The time had gone by when it was thought needless to impart a sound education to females, and when a learned lady was looked upon with dislike. Without touching upon the lighter accomplishments peculiar to the fair sex, the Doctor contended that to fit them for the duties of life, it was necessary that much the same education should be given to daughters as to sons. It was only by this means that there could be that thorough intellectual sympathy and union between husband and wife which contributed so much to the success of the former and to the happiness of both. He was glad, therefore, to find that both classics and mathematics were to be taught at that institution. Friday, 1st to 8th February. THE Parliamentary history of the week presents few features of peculiar interest. The Government has indeed succeeded in passing through the Assembly a bill establishing its new tariff, but, after the facilities with which the resolutions to the same effect were adopted, this result might have been reckoned upon with certainty. With about the same certainty an application of the free selection principle to the holders of leases issued since the 22nd of February last, as was made in the passing of the Land Bill through committee, might have been looked for. The consideration ef the " Great Seal question" stands over, in the absence of Mr. Cowper, whose labours as Premier have so affected his health that he is unable to attend to his official duties during the week. The sittings of the Supreme Court, in its criminal jurisdiction, have terminated. Although there were few cases for trial these possessed a peculiar interest. The first in importance as to such interest was the trial of Crawford and Charles, the master and second mate of the British ship Norna, for the wilful murder of a lascar seaman named Caleel. According to the evidence, this poor fellow-guilty of no peculiar fault -was cruelly flogged day after day by order of Captain Crawford, and finally pushed overboard by Charles. He was got on deck again, indeed, but only to die. The life must, with such usage as he had received, have been pretty well beaten out of him before he reached the water. The prisoners deliberately tortured their victim, and their tortures accelerated, if they did not cause, his death ; but the man had been ill. On this ground, and probably for other reasons, the jury took a merciful view of the prisoners' case, and convicted them of manslaughter. Had they been found guilty of murder-this was just one of those cases in which the criminals would have been seen to ascend the scaffold without pity. As it was, there- fore, something more than three years' imprisonment a-piece was looked tor ; even when coupled with hard labour. It is true that there was an intimation that no mitigation whatever need in this case be hoped for under any circumnstances. This, therefore, may act as a salutary warning to brutal captains and mates. But we have often seen the same amount of punishment imposed for offences against property of, comparatively, a minor character, as has been here awarded upon these deliberate torturers of a fellow being. Captain Hill, of the schooner Martha Ellen, has been convicted of carelessness in the management of his vessel, when she ran down a boat off Blue's Point, and caused the death of two ladies and a child. But his guilt was that of negligence only-there was no wilful crime. He was therefore recommended to mercy, and was awarded three months' imprisonment- suffi- cient to assert the majesty of the law, and the im- perative duty of extreme care in all cases, where human life may be endangered. The third case was that of Mr. Elworthy, whose committal for manslaughter by the city coroner has been mentioned and commented upon in former notes. He was, as every one expected, acquitted, ^nd it appears (from a letter which he has since pub- lished) to be his intention to take some proceedings against the coroner. The proceedings of the Lambing Flat diggers-the respectable gentlemen of certain Government officials, have been anything but lamb-like. Something more is now known of their sayings and doings. It seems that they are determined, at all costs, to prevent any Chinese from working-not because the Celes- tials have in any way misbehaved them- selves, but because their presence and industry interfere with the interests of themselves-these pure-souled miners of Caucasian race. The Chinese have been expelled vi et armis, and are kept away at the risk of starvation, while the " respectable " diggers who have done this have "jumped their claims," and made a good thing of it. They despise the Chinese, no doubt, but they do not disdain to take advantage of their labour by w y of getting a little plunder. Despite of such force as the Government have upon the ground, the Chinese are still kept off the field, at the risk of starving, and the other miners are organised to carry out this purpose, by force if necessary. They have, in- deed, petitioned the Executive to prevent the Chinese from digging, but, coupled with this affectation of constitutiunal action, there has been and is an open and illegal organisation to carry out an unconstitu- tional object. If the Chinese Government was a strong one, like that of enlightened Britain, what a splendid case this would be for a claim for compen- sation, and for thundering away at our city until this was paid or promised. The annual services in connection with the Primi- tive Methodist chapel, Kent- street, were held on Sunday last. On the following evening there was a social tea meeting there. A debt of £1000 remains upon the chapel, but £700 have, by private exertion been collected towards the liquidation of this debt within the last few months. On Tuesday last, the Right Rev. Abbot Gregory left Sydney by the Omar Pasha, for Europe. Prior to his departure, several valedictory addresses were presented to the Abbot at St. Mary's. The Omar Pasha was accompanied to the Heads by two steamers filled with the many friends of the departing prelate. _ Sergeant-major Baynes has recommended the orga- nisation of a juvenile battalion of volunteer-youths under sixteen-to be enrolled among the organised interim to be drilled periodically in squads as may be convenient The plan appears an excellent one. The members of No. 4 Company of Volunteer Rifles have presented a purse of twenty-six sovereigns to Sergeant Lees, their drill instructor. The Hunter River volunteer rifles have decided upon joining in the testimonial to Sergeant-major Barnes. The yacht race of Saturday last-like the champion yacht race - was won by the Annie Ogle. The annual meeting of the subscribers to the Sydney Infirmary and Dispensary was held on Monday even- ing, and the necessary arrangements were made for the current year. The report adopted on this occasion contained the following information as to the working of this institution :-The number of patients admitted to the Infirmary during the past year was 1419; of these 1006 were males, 363 females, and 60 children- 658 have been surgical and 761 medical cases. The largest number of admissions was, in the month of October, 145 ; the smallest, in the month of December, 104. Number of accidents and urgent cases, 154. Number of operations performed, 21. Of the cases treated, 909 were discharged cured, 239 were relieved, 20 were sent to the Benevolent Asylum, 4 were sent to Tarban Creek, 6 were dis- charged as incurable, 58 were discharged at their own request, 14 dismissed for wilful infringement of the rules, and 172 died. Of the atter, many were mori- bund on admission. The most prevalent diseases seem to have been- rheumatism, 169; ulcers, 95; syphilis, 91 ; contusions and wounds, 95; consump- tion, 78 ; fever, 50 ; diarrhoea, 49 ; fractures, 54 ; and bronchitis, 51. The number of patients in the house on 31st December, 1860, was 178. The number of cases treated by the district surgeons in connection with the dispensary amounted to 2037 ; of these 514 were visited at their own residence. The total receipts had been £8620 11s. 7d., and there was a balance in favour of the Infirmary of £578. The propriety of naturalising salmon in Australian waters has of late been a good deal discussed, and the Shoalhaven and Snowy Rivers have been named as streams of the necessary temperature. Attention has been drawn by Mr. W. S. Macleay to a very important fact bearing upon this question. That the temperature of the sea where these rivers enter it is as important as that of the rivers themselves, in- asmuch as if this is too warm the fish will proceed southward until they reach waters of the necessary temperature. The members of the Sydney Mechanics' School of Arts have held their annual meeting and elected their office-bearers, &c.; The Hon. J. K. Holden, M.L.C., was chosen president. It appears that the present strength of the institution- as to members-was 806. The collections towards the building fund were £294 6s. lOd. Thomas Woods and James Turner have been sen- tenced by the police magistrate at Deniliquin to twelve months' ímprisonment with hard labour for having passed a night in a camp of aborigines. This simgular conviction was professedly under the Vagrancy Act. Attention has been drawn to it in Parliament, and it is to be inquired into. James Webster, an unmarried man, aged twenty- five, has been drowned in attempting to ford a stream near Yass during the late floods. A Chinaman has died at Black Range from the effects of a snake bite. The "early closing movement" is progressing favourably. A well attended public meeting in favour of it was held on Monday evening, under the presidency of the Mayor of Sydney. This meeting was addressed hy the Rev. Messrs. Voller, Stanley, and Smith, Drs. Neild and Fox, and Messrs. Dalley, Parkes, Love, and Caldwell. The " difficulty" with the Cockatoo Island mutineers still continues. Some of them have re- ceived additional sentences, but both precept and example seem to be lost upon these men. Two of them have managed to effect their escape. These are David Clarke, a prisoner for life, and James Kavanagh, a prisoner for seven years, of which he had served, six and a half. They contrived to get into the same cell, to loosen the grating, and to get from thence and over the wall by the aid of a rope made from their bed clothes. They have not yet been captured. Tuesday, being the day fixed by law for Municipal elections, was one of considerable excitement among the suburban municipalities, in nearly all of which the seats falling vacant were contested. The Penrith Volunteer Rifles have presented a handsome gold medal to chief constable M'Cook, in acknowledgment of his services in organising that corps. The Newtown Rifles have held a public meeting, and pledged themselves to increase the strength of their company to 100. A mutual improvement association has been or- ganised at Darlinghurst. Since the increase of the spirit duties the publicans have held meetings with a view to an increase of their retail pticee. John Charles Rae, aged eleven, a son of Mr. John Rae, the Under-Secretary for Works, has been drowned at Rushcutters Bay, while bathing. The bust of the late Mr. Charles Windeyer, for many years police magistrate of Sydney, has been placed in the Central Police Court. A barber named Pattison, residing in Market-street, cut his throat while labouring under a fit of delirium tremens, and from the combined effects of the fit and the wound has since died, although hopes were at first entertained of his recovery. There has been a meeting at Kiama for the purpose of making arrangements to send dairy produce direct to Melbourne, in order to secure a better price for it. The Bathurst mail has been overturned, near the Green Swamp. One passenger was injured severely, and others slightly. The expenditure of the Jockey Club in the forma- tion of the Course, erection of the stand, &c.;, has amounted to nearly £6500, of which sum more than one- half has been cleared off, the liabilities of the club at the present time being only about £3000. During the year 1860, it appears, the club passed upwards of £12,000 through their hands, including prize money, sweepstakes, &c;, co. The arrangements for the inter-colonial cricket match are being perfected. Of the Sydney, ten have been chosen : Captain Ward, Messrs. Gilbert, O. Lewis, Richardson, N. Thompson, Howell, New- combe, Rowley, Kettle, and Clarke. It is believed Mr. Beeston will be the eleventh man. Mr. W. Tunks has been requested to act as umpire, Mr. P. C. Curtis, as scorer, and Mr. H. Hilliard, telegraph master. The Melbourne eleven left for Sydney in the Rangatira, on Thursday. A public meeting of the members and friends of the Wollongong branch of the Church Society was held on Monday evening. On the same evening the annual Wesleyan Missionary Meeting, in connection with the Australian Mission, was held at West Mait- land. A very able lecture, " On the condition of the working "classes of Sydney," was delivered at the Temperance Hall, on Thursday evening, by the Rev. W. Cuthbertson, B.A. The hall, notwithstanding the inclemency of the weather, was full. The Hon. Henry Prince, Esq., M.L.C., presided. The reverend lecturer stated at the outset that he had taken the title of this discourse from the report of Mr. Parkes's committee, presented to the Assembly last year. By citations from the evidence taken by that committee, and by statements of facts drawn from his own expe- rience, Mr. Cuthbertson showed the existence of great and increasing distress among the working classes of Sydney ; the fallacy of those assump- tions as to their general prosperity which had emanated from the Executive, and the absolute neces- sity for prompt action in this matter. A steady and practical settlement of the land question was, he contended, the most effective of the remedies which could be applied, and he pro- ceeded to show how, if the labourer made no great pro- fit by culture, he would at least secure a maintenance. He condemned the discontinuance of assisted emigra- tion, contending, on the contrary, that they should not only draw free sustenance for themselves by the culture of this smiling land, but should make every effort to bring their distressed brethren from Europe to share it with them. The reverend lecturer also touched upon the necessity for so regulating taxation as to make it press lightly upon the poor : of the crying need tor improvement in the dwellings of the working classes ; and of the fearful amount of juvenile depravity. Among other remedies for this he pointed to an im- proved and general system of education as the prin- pipal one, and urged upon his hearers to allow no sectarian difficulties or opposition to stand in the way of their efforts to obtain such a system. The lecture was most enthusiastically received throughout, and the announcement by the reverend gentleman that he would deliver a second lecture upon the same subject Was loudly cheered. Friday 8th, to Tuesday 19th February. THE intercolonial cricket match is absorbing public attention just now even to the exclusion, or nearly so, of politics. The weather is happily favourable, although some smart showers came down yesterday afternoon. The arrangements by the managing com- mittee are admirable, and have given general satisfac- tion in every respect but one. This was their refusal to allow a tent within the enclosure for the Volunteer officers as well as for the officers of the garrison. Full details of the play have been given in other columns. Mr. Cowper, after having been ill for a considerable time, has resumed his official duties and his seat in Parliament. The motion for a Committee of enquiry into the abuse of the Great Seal by the late Governor-General, has been adjourned until the documents relative to this matter shall have been printed. The Government is getting its Land Bill slowly through the Assembly. The great principle contended for - free selection before survey has been affirmed in committee, and Mr. Robertson has been badgered by some of the ultra-liberals for opposing a still further inroad upon the squatters, by a limitation of their pre-emptive rights. In their Tariff Bill Ministers have teen rather un- fortunate. Although in the Assembly it was got over in one evening, it has stuck fast in the Upper House ever since. The Chamber of Commerce has petitioned against the proposed changes, and the petition has been largely signed by mercantile men. There have, indeed, been petitions in favour of the Ministerial plan, but the mercantile petition has carried most weight with it. There was a proposition to kick out the bill altogether by the usual Parliamentary expedient of postponing its further consideration for six months, but the debate on this proposition stands adjourned. On Saturday last Mr. George Whitfield held half a-dozen complimentary pigeon matches at his resi- dence, Ormeau View, at the head of one of the beau- tilul bays near Hunter's Hill. Nearly 300 guests were invited, and the day passed pleasantly. The best shooting was by Messrs. M'Dougal, Ryder, M'Kellar, Johnston senior, Blaxland, and H. Newcombe. Judgment was given on Monday in the long pend- ing case of the Rev. G. King v. the Bishop of Sydney and Sir W. W. Burton. The Judges granted a writ of prohibition, as prayed for by the reverend applicant, against the holding of a Court or assumed Court, in which he was to " undergo the visitation" of his diocesan. The case was this : The Rev. Mr. King is the incumbent of St. Andrew. His Church, be- sides being that of the parish bearing the same name, has been used as a temporary cathedral for the dio- cese. The Bishop having appointed the Rev. Mr. Cowper to the deanery, questions arose as to how far this appointment trenched or was likely to trench upon the rights of Mr. King. Finally, when the Bishop sought to hold an ordination service in this church, Mr. King claimed to assist therin, and this not being conceded, he locked the doors of the church ahd refused to allow the service to be held there. The Bishop regarded this as an act of canonical dis- obedience, and issued " letters of request " to Sir William Burton, as his chancellor, who with four licensed clergymen styled "commissaries," were to inquire into the conduct of the Rev. Mr. King and to report thereon. Articles of accusation were filed by the Bishop, and Mr. King was cited to appear, &c.; But he disclaimed the right of the Bishop to create this tribunal, and applied to the Supreme Court for prohibition against its action. The Judges have held that the Church of England being on the same legal footing in this colony with all other Christian Churches, the Crown has no power to give to Bishops of that Church those rights of hold- ing Ecclesiastical Courts which attach to episcopates in the United Kingdom. The Bishop could exercise no governing functions of this nature not voluntarily submitted to by the community over which he presided, unless they were conferred by law. Thus, his power of withdrawing a clergyman's license was one vested in him by statute, but must be exercised on cause shown to himself, and was a power against the exercise of which no appeal had been provided. The assumed grant in the Queen's Letters Patent of the power of holding such a Court as the one alluded to was void, but as the Bishop had attempted to act bona fide, in accordance with the provisions of these Letters Patent, the prohibition was granted, without costs. In the course of the argument it had been contended that the proposed enquiry by Sir William Burton and the four clergymen was not to be legally regarded as the action of a Court, but as a mere investigation directed by the Bishop for the purpose of assisting him in the exercise of his own powers. In reference to this point, however, the Judges held that the whole course of action showed an intention on the part of the Bishop and the proposed Court, that the latter should act as an ecclesiastical tribunal duly constituted under the authority of the Queen's letters patent. A set of camp colours, worked by the ladies of St. Leonard's was on Saturday presented to the St. Leonard's company of Volunteers by Lady Burton, Messrs. Clarke and Ghost have manufactured a very handsome cup from an emu's egg with silver mountings, which is to be presented by Mr. Cunning- ham of the Commercial Hotel to the winning cricketers at the inter-colonial match. A carnivorous animal from Tasmania, called by the startling name of " An Australian Devil," is being exhibited here prior to its being sent to Europe. It resembles a bear, but is small, being but eighteen inches in length. A seaman named Mollineaux has been deliberately stabbed in the abdomen by a man named Collins, also a sailor. They were both lodging at Kelly's boarding house, in Harrington-street, and had quarrelled, but the quarrel was apparently over. Mollineaux is in the Infirmary, and Collins had been brought before the Water Police Court and remanded. A labouring man named Thomas Kendall has been murdered near Wollogorang. His body was found in the bush, with the skull fractured. A set of rifle butts has been erected at Manly Beach. The forty-fourth annual meeting of the New South Wales Bible Society has been held, and its official arrangements made for the current year. During the past year there have been sold at the depot 1599 bibles, 681 testaments, and thirteen psalters. At the branch establishments 631 bibles and 454 testaments. The entire issue of the society since its establishment has been 744,418. The annual meeting of the New South Wales Agri- cultural Society was held at Williams' Hotel, Parra- matta, on Saturday afternoon. There was a social tea meeting at the Hall of the Sacred Heart, «n Monday evening, when a handsome portrait in oil of the Rev. Mr. Sheridan (painted by Mr. Andenson), was presented to that gentleman by the Catholic Young Men's Society. A second por- trait, of precisely the same character, was retained by the society. Captain Carnegie has been released from Cockatoo Island. The fourth concert during the present season, of the Sydney Philharmonic Society was held on Tues- day evening. It has been arranged that the School of Arts Ex- hibition shall be opened on Wednesday, the 20th instant. Margaret Saunders, aged nineteen months, has died through having eaten the ends of some lucifer matches, A frightful accident has happened to a man named Patrick Phelan, at M'Donald's farm, Louth Park Road, in the Hunter River district. He and his brother were ploughing when the horse started, and both being thrown down, the ploughshare was forced into the unfortunate man's side to a consider- able depth. He was removed to the hospital. His brother escaped with a few bruises. The elections for councillors in the various munici- palities have taken place during the week, and have created a great many little local excitements, of greater interest, perhaps, to the parties concerned, than the greatest political questions of the day, There was, on Monday, a social gathering of mem- bers of the Church of England resident on the Water- loo Estate. The early closing movement is progressing. Its advocates omit no opportunity of pressing their claims upon public attention. A beautifully-bound family Bible with velvet cushion have been presented by the non-commissioned officers and men of Nos. 1 and 4 Companies 12th Regiment to Mary Ann Augusta, wife of colour-ser- geant Gibson, prior to her departute from amongst them. Mr. Julius Hogarth has just completed a very beautiful and artistic flower vase, which is to be for= warded to Madras for presentation to Lady Dunison from certain of her lady friends in Sydney. _ A public meeting for the advocacy of a permissive liquor law, was held on Thursday evening, at the Temperance Hall. Two cases of hay-stack burning, each supposed to be the work of an incendiary, are mentioned by the country papers. A house robbery having been committed at Kurra- jong by two armed men, it was presumed that these were the fellows who had not long before escaped from Darlinghurst gaol. This presumption turns out to have been correct, for one of them, Kavenagh has since been captured. The escape of these men, and the report of certain undue indulgencies having been allowed to one Abram Polack, a prisoner under sentence for fraud has led to an inquiry into the management of the gaol, and this inquiry has been followed by the sus- pension from office of the sheriff, Mr. O'Neil Brenan ; of the principal gaoler, Mr.Beverley; and of the chief turnkey, Mr. Harrison. An inquest was held on Saturday, on the body of h Charles Henry Bedford, aged ten weeks, the illegiti- mate offspring of a young woman named Julia Cane. Death was found to have resulted from the physical inability of the mother to afford her infant sufficient nourishment. Sir Alfred Stephen has arrived by the Jeddo. Most gladly will he be welcomed again by all who knew him, and deep and general is the sympathy with him in the family bereavement which so recently preceded his arrival. But, while we cordially welcome back the Chief Justice, we cannot but feel strong regret that his arrival will deprive the colony of the ser- vices of another gentleman who has long adorned the judgment seat, winning golden opinions of all-even of those wiih whom his judicial career may have brought him rather unpleasantly in contact. There will, of course, be some demonstration of respect to Sir John Dickinson ere he leaves. No man has better deserved such a recognition of his public services. 