THB FRAZBK TESTIMONIAL DINNKl A complimentary dinner was given to Mr. William l'Wr, M.L.A., (for Crcswiek,) in tbe large lodge room of Anthony's American Hotel. Creswick, on Wtdnesday, the 3rd inafc, at 8 p.m. Mr. J. ]). Moore, Chairman of the Creiwick Municipal Council, officiated as eliairmin. The usual loval toasts having been disposed of— The fifth toaat by the Chairman, " The Guest of the EveniiK,** wai received with tremendous and prolonged cheers. The Cbairman stated he need not dilate on Mr. Fraaer's parliamentary career, as it was too favourably known to require comment; and although lie did not agree with him in some minor points, there was no difference on the car- * points. Mints. When Mr. hrs*er Fr»*er wrnt into parit, he (the Chairman} believed that their taember wooW only represent the mlnen, but he had Uvad to learn tbit he took an interest in all classes of the community, and thus it wu explained that they now aaw assembled in tbia room, In addition to the miner*, farmers, mercluata and others, to do hononr to the guest of the evening. (Cheers.) He was sorry that be could not speak in the tame commendable terms of the other Creawick representative, Mr. J. T. Smith, who seemed to have forgotten bis constituents. Some parties ouUide this room laboured under the mist ate that the present meeting Was merely a political demonstration. He was happy to s»y that party feeling had nothing at all to do with this movement-It was purely one of gratitude towards a gentleman who bad faithfully served his constituents. (Cheers.) He had now a pleasing duty , to perform, via., of banding to Mr. Crater a small token of the esteem in which be was held by his friends and constituents of tbe electoral district of Creswick. (Prolonged and tremendous cheer* ) [The Burse handed to Mr. Fn»er, beautifblly worked by tbe fair hands of Miss Elia Lang, of Hill, contained £300 ] applause continued for a considerable time and after having subsided— Mr. Fraser rose and spoke as follows:—To a member of me Legislature, after hit parliamentary duties hare been brought to a close, a cordial re was always a matter of considerable gra n, and to him, be ma>t say.it #asespecially When he considered that only a few months since he came among them a comparative stranger, after having suffered a defeat in another district where be had for tome time been a resident—they tben accorded to him a kind and oordial support, and the confidence tbey then reposed in him had evidently been increaning ever ciaoe ontil it had culmiaated ia the present reception of which f en as eminent man might feel prood (eheers). He would now, with tbe permission of those present, recor to the gpccis! object oi this meeting, and in this particular he felt Art he sras very d detent, indeed incompetent to the task. When bemw before him auch a number of infloential „ all portions of this extensive district.and wbobad interested themselves to such an unbounded utentin bis favour, he must «ay that just now be was fairly lost for 1: saffirient to cipress his thsnks; bat althi might be deficient in worlds, no gentleman present he well knew, would believe that he was wanting in appreciation. The testimonial presented to him had far exceeded his anticipation, and certainly, for the little he had been able to effect for thedn iriet, it waa beyond what be deserved. He might perhaps be permitted to say that be felt justly prood of the honour of bd-w a representative <f one of the largest and, he believed, most populous dntricts in the country, numbering 22,762 male*, 10,192 ftmales; toU1,32,954; adistrict embracing four municipal councils, and tie road boards. The extent of land under actual cultivation he found •early 60,000 acrei, and a!»o a very large area enclosed and used for pastoral purposes. Tbe number of persons engaged in mining operatiors was very comiderable, ana the number ot engines employed at the mines of the district constantly it creasing. When to this was added the amount of cspitsl inVes ed in trade, a very good cstimste could be formed of the wealth and importance of the district. Mr. Fozer tben, in a king speech, entered into a history of hi« ^parliamentary career, in justification of the present Ministry, and conclnded by aaying that his own eoane, whether as a rsndidaW m as an elector, woald be to give support to those measures which would be most conducive to the prosperity of tbe country, (Cheers.) He would snppjrt neither tbe present, nor any other Government, unless thev came forward with a bold and libera! policy. Mr. Fraser sat down amidst prolonged cheers. Several other toasts followed now in rapid succession, and tbe festivities were prolonged to a late hour, the Chairman not tearing his scat nntil 3 a.m—Abridged from the Creticici and CUaa Adcertiter ot Saly S. THE Casri-EMAISA HIQB SCBOOI. promises to be a very flourishing institution, if we may judge from the report reed at ameeting of the committee, which was held on Friday last, the Ven. the Awbdeacon of Csitlemaine in tbe chair. We extract the following; — 4> The Christ Church High School was established on tbe ,I4th January, 1861, fcy onioa oftbe Otftentno Grammar School wUh the OUChriatChwA Boy*'School, under the head mastership of tbe Bev. G.O Vanoe, M.A^Mr. B. J. ¥^1, Mttr rf tbe Gedmw Gnmewr Schoiri, and tor some time teniormaster of the Ttnnton Proprietary School, famring accepted tbe teeond position. Tie lee ointodforadiBWBOii to the upper classes o( •dtod,te|Mk|>Mifl, Greek, French, and _ hemalica fai« Wt of tbe educational eoui*e, <n t<» KW111 wily pet quarter, tbe lowest rate A M U this oolony for aimilar advantages. «blle wipils«ttendlng tbe junior classes were to roedve o»reful iostruction in Englifh and eomiKrthl anbiecU at tbe raies of ordinary denominational school, ft was expected.that a school founded upon to liberal » baiiswouldbeaun- ported by parent! of all classes in life. And the experience of the six months now expiring has not disappointed this expectation. Within the last three months, «o great has been the influx of scholars, that two additional assistant masters have been appointed, one to teach in the upper * ment, and one in the lower. Tor tbe quarter ' June 30, tbe number of eohoMtt who have received instruction is 122,of whom 42 have attender the senior classes, and 30 the junior. Twenty-seven of these boys are above tbe age of twelve years, and about fifteen are under six - Tbe iublects of study have ofcourse varied in the different classes. Of bow learning Latin, the nnmber is 86, of whom 22 can write simple exerdees, and 4 translate a Boman author. Tbe number attending a Greek class ii only 4 at prewnt. French, however, ii studied by 4S, natural scienoe bv 41, musio by 80; speUing, reading, writing, arithmetis, geography, •ndgrammar.iire taught in every class. Al aproofthst the reliiortrncUon given In the achool is neither narlected or abused, it is pleasing to mention that iHne of the suflli are eon* of minister* of diflerent denominattoni ia the nrigbbourbood. The Semdhurtt B«say»: At a late inquest before oar worthy coroner, no tae than ten out of the twelve jurort "made their mark" in attestation of the verdict. ' Id(A«»ioimi,—The correspondent of the vnmfmftrn&i;»J»er montbs of talk about filling tlie Lake with water, deputations^ Melbourne, ftc^ something prao- \- -> appeared—«real live governarrived at Learmonth in the i, who hw been apeelally luarter* here for the pur. nose U. jest and mort «onomical manner in which the work, can be carried out Ttiii gentleman commenoed his labours on Mo_ndav last, and I-am told that on hit firat arrival he took notice of tbe fact that several perwta have of late been actively at *ork remoHng »na and loam from the aide of the Lake near to Mr. BatbVi farm, which, in the opinion of the englneM, i« caloulatcd to impair tbe water-holding qualities ofthe Lake bank! it la, therefore, very d«lt»hle that tome of our erown landi commi**ioner* abwildtt onee beatir thmnielve* u> pre«nt fliri. ... — t h e bank." tblf hu presented 100 j ity of Beech worth porpoeeof [VheitreeU. Diccoyssr or TB« BOOT or Ma. DAVIO »T;R »o»,—We have been informed by Dr. Quinlan that the body of Mr. David Beynen, who has be»n missing siooc the 16th Jane, was found yesterday moming in the dam of the Poverty Hcef Company, San^y Creek. An inquest is to be held to-drr. when, uo doubt, th« evidener will show by what means the ufnrtnnate man by his death, which ii .ukposed to havt been accldenul, no suspicion of fea! pl«y, that we are aware of; being entertained.— IngUwood Adrertittr Rriisnio T»U> or Goto IT FOBMT Caaaa. —The lugeA quantity o( gold we can ever re member a ton of Forest Creek qaartc product wsiobulned yerterdsy by Mesars. Williams and Co., oftheNimrod R«f, Golden Point. Thi« ^r^ b«»e been working on th« reef fcr some considerable time, and bad carried their shaft to • depth of 150 feet, but tbe ^Md* until lately have not been good Last Week, however, tbe qwtaw»ewider«My richer,—48<•*«. of gold teM obtained from 10 tow,—and tbit week a •wgfe t«e of quarts yielded th$ extraordinary quantity of 167 on. of gold. Tin fat that this rich quart* was obtained «t a deph of 180 feet will, we should think, for ever (jW- thost who have maintained that (he reefi of Poreat Creek are payable only at and near the iirface, and will be great encoijragepent to mineif who a>e BOW ps«««qaMtuCib«»qBdity. Tbe gold was meltel and assaved bv Mr. Hodgens, of Forest Lrmk, last night, and proved to be of good quality.— Cas&Maiw; Advertiser, July 4. Suavev or rna Ssowr Rivat —Mr. A. Black, wh-» has been appointed by the Government to •amy tbe southern river* ofthe colenv, to ssccr- tain their adaptation for the propagation of the wlmon, eurted yesterday morning for the Snowy River, by way ofMerimbula and Bambala. The b*t to which Mr. Ulsck and bii companion will sail down tbe Snowy ha. been made by Mr Holds worth, of Woolloomooloo Bay; tbe framt it of Ksun pine, and is covered with canvas, which fa rendered Impervious to water by a costing of beeswax, oil, and turpentine. Alth ough fourteen feet in length, and three and • half in width, and •qnare at both stem and stern, the entire weight of tbe boat fa not above forty pounds. Its peculiar form and constitution will give considerable buoyancy, and will enable it to go where othtr boats could not venture; it is at tbe same time capable of bHng packed in so small a cam pass as to be carried on horseback, while, when turned up and supported upon p«U, it will form an eicellent tent to camp utder at night The canoe faprobably similar in its construction to the esrngfa used for fiihing on tbe west est Iceland, and also to the Welsh coracle. Mr, Black's survey of the Snowy River will oceupjf about three weeks or a month: and soon aftei returning to Sydney, Mr. Black will make a survey* of the Shoslhaven River.— Stdiiey Moraine BeroU. 18th June. THE BIOTS AT LAMMBO- Fur.—Further details have been recrive-1 of the vi tlence against tbe Chinese at Lambmg Flat. Many a<c said to be greatly injured, others altogether mining Man? of the leading riirters have left, the others openly defy the Government An attack on the Chinese at work i> spoken of..—Argut telegram. Tua Einx>BiTio* Panrr —Mr, Howitt and his increased contingent left town jeeterdsy evening by tbe quarter to six o'clock train, from (be Spcncer-street Railwiv Station, on their periloaj joumer, a large number of his friends moetiag to wish him farewell. Mr. Qowilt takes with him Mr, Wheeler a surgeon—a gentleman who. lor some time, was in Mr. Stuart's eiph»rin? party; also, Mr. Brahc, as second offiwr; and Messrs. Sampson, Calcott, and Phillips. The la.<-n^med gentleman was with Mr. Howitt in Gipps Land, and hss had much experience in hush life. At a meeting of tbe Exploration Committee yesterday, the contingent stgnea their agreement with the treasurer, Dr. Wilkfe; and suoplementary instructions were issued to the leader. Everything has been proenred tbst Mr. Howitt connders meessary, and tbe medical man takes with biro a lance supply of drnsa, &c.; It is anticipated that the party will make Cooper's Creek in about two months The question of sending tbe Victoria to Albert River was discussed at the meeting yesterday, and a deputation will wait upon the Chief Secretary, asking that that vessel may be granted to the committee for the purpose Gomi&ander; Norman has exerted himself considerably in tbe matter, and there fa no doubt that if the Victoria can be of any use, she will be so under bit command. Mr. Morris was present at the meeting, and explained at length his views with regard to a land party. Tbe committee will meet again this day, when final decisions will in all probability become to. The general feeling of the committee is that too many expedients cannot be taken to find traces of Burke and the brave men with him.— A rgw, July 5. Nsw ZML*MI>.—I have been informed by a gentleman, usually well conversant with militaiy matter*, that General Cameron hw expressed his determination not to tale tbe field till he has 10,000 soldiers, and that orders for reinforcements have been sent to the Cape of Good Hope, China, and India. It was stated in Cape papers, some months ago, that certain troapt stationed there had received orders to bold themaelvea in readiness for service in New Zealand It is said to be the general's intention, when the required troops aniie, to march direct into the enemy's oountrv, and strike a blow which will be felt. Meantime, the soldiers are actively employed in clearing and forming roads, to facilitite future operations. Thore is reason to suspect, however, that the; Maoriea may interfere with these advances, and precipitate hostilities j and if so, the general will probtbly still confine his efforts to carrying out vigorously, under tbe protection of the present foroe, tbe work of clearing the way for future ad- ,nce of troops.— Atpa Sgitep Telegram. A TBIFL»T.—Daring tbe week an ewe belonging to Mr. Lucas, butcher here, gave birth to three lambs, all of which continue healthy and exhibit every sign of a capacity for being " deve- loped" into good mutton. —PottonJ Timet. The population of New Zealand, in 1858, when the census waa last taken, was about 120,090, Europeans 80,009, and Meories 40.000. A FoaTCKB ik CABBIGKS.—Msrket-gsrdcning is sometimes a " paying game," as will be seen from the following caseA few months ago a party of sagacious and industrious Frenchmen took possession of a well-chosen piece of ground not a hundred mi'es from Woomgee. They formed a race, fenced, trenohed, and otherwise fitted it for the reception of a crop of cabbages. The soil seems to have favored them, and it is Mid that they have realised a very handsome thing ai the result, via, something like a couple of thousand pounds. This ii quite possible, and in their cue very probable, as may be readily shown by tbe estimate we shall now give. Cabbages have been steadily worth 4d per lb. in Beecbworth, and in this erop they bave welghed from Sib to 101b. per head. Taking them to ba planted two feet apart, give £500 return per acre. But as fast as the ground ii cleared new plants can, during the greater pnftion of tbe year, be set, and thus, the supply is kept up in steady suocestion. Rapidity of growth is the main requisite of sueoes*, and that pre-auppoies a good Joft properly worked and » plentiful supply of mMitnre. The fact ii worth noticing, though U is quite probable that all who try to emulate these Wooragce men may not do what they have doui.— Ocem Ceiutitotio*. BMUH COB»WALLS»ya, "Come, let me dive into thine eyes." If his love had "swimming eyes." very good! but, at alUvents, our advice to the young woman is, for divers reasons, don't let Mm doit. He mightgo over a "catanct." Ci£ANLI«*AI mo GODIMWS.—On bis way to Nadown be encountered two other fkklf*. whose faoes were besmeared with dirt. Wolff inquired of them « Why they befbnld their &oe;* in such a wtyf They replied, "To tndiette that man was created of dirt;" to which Wolff answered, «If man fa created of tot, you Deed hot make yourselves more dirty th»n/cm are made by nature." TW said. "You fitre ratfrely eonvtooeduiefthetruth of r w remarks,and we iriU relonn ? aaying which, they hands, washed their ftees, and wiped the din oa with their mat.—D r. Wolg't Memoir* A DIFMCOLTT WITH HOOM —The following in cident is related as having occurred at Cingago during the recent convention held thereTwo fashionable young ladiea from New York with a profusion of skirts and au immensity of hoops, desired to enjoy a bird's eye view of the city, and were for that purpose conducted by some gsllsnt gentlemen to the roof of a high bmlding. Wben tbey reached the Udder leading to tbe small •cuttle bole, it became desirable, or course, for the tp ntlemen to ascend first. This they did, and taking the h«nd« of the young lsdiesas tbey I tbeir appesranoe through tbe scuttle, hands rather, dragged them on the roof. As tbey through the small opening their hoops, from the waist down, became more and more depressed, requiring no little effort to pull them through; but suddenly the feat was accomplished, and the hoops burning forth from the scuttle-bole, once more expanded to their original rotundity. After en joying the soenc for some time, the party started on the downward voyage, but then ctroe tbe rub. While it had been comparatively ean- for tbe ladies to squeeze through tbe «mttle< tcntUe-bole, mencing mencina at tbe waist and rising upwarda, it was • different task when the bottom of tbe hoops had to be compressed into tbe same space for ibe dewent. When one side Wss tqueeted in tbe other side still remained out. Wben the front was gathered together, and pushed through the hole, the baek was to be seen sticking up at an awkward elevation. No fitting together of the joints of a stove-pipe ever caused so much labour and vexation at did the attempt to compress those boops into the little opening, £ fectual attempts, but one way out of tbe dilemma appeared. Tbe gentlemen were required to de- scend while some mysterious operation was performed, and were particularly cautioned not to come again until called. When tbe signal was ven, and tbey once more mounted on the roof, leir fair companions were standing " in all tbe dimness of uncrioolined grace," while near by lay two huge mysterious looking circles of skeleton bones and sinews The descent was then easily accomplished, a rash was made by tbe young ladies to their chamber, and Ann was despatched on a salvage expedition to the roof to bring the maining portion of tbe wreck.—American Paper. LA»T FSSKLIH.,—The Sin Francisco Weekly BertU, of the 13th says—Our distinguished lady visitor, Lady Franklin, yesterday sailed for Ronolulu, accompanied by her neioe, in barque Yankee, commanded by that veteran of tbe Pacific, Captain John Psty. We learn that Lady Franklin will probably proceed from the Sandwich Wands to Australia, and make the tour of the world on her way back to England. A m m hi the fltaditj Timet thus addresses the Rev. Charles Spuigeon" I fieqnently meet with people who profesa to be amated at yonr popularity. Why ifaould they? Ton work tard. You have an unlimited supply of tongue always at command. Yon never puttie tbe brains of your hesrera. Your sermons arc well spiced. Yon are flippant, familiar, and, in A certain fashion, joeose. You are intolerant, dogmatic, and common-place. You rtvel in judgments You are precise in all tbe details of perdition. You have sealed tbe heights of Heaven You have fathomed tbe depths of Hell You talk with Satan as a man talks with his friend. Yon talk with tbs Almighty as man talks with bis friend. You are the munificent patron of the Redeemer. You are the merry playmite of the Holy Ghost You are a wholesale sod retail dealer in that famous and much-sought-after article—damnation. Your pulpit is a big brimstone warehouse You are one of tbe Clowns of tbe Chureh, addressing immortal aouls in a " Here we are" sort of style You never pause for a word, because words, in y ur estimation, are not sacred, and are very cheap. You have no care about religious proprieties You own immeasurable quantities of brass. Yon are a prodigious quack. As you boast of having been told bv a gentleman in the street,' you are a great humbug.' Now, these are all elements of popularity. Your gospel is a nostrum which you unlimitedly puff, and it has accordingly an unlimited sale * A NOVELTV IN FMA Itaiuici.— \n American paper tells a droll story;—" A clergyman at the West insured his manuscript sermons in the £tna Insurmce Company some ten years ago. In moving into another boose, hh log hat, in which the manuscript sermons were left behind, was burned. He went to the company for the insurance moajy, which was refused, and an action resulted, "fhe detenee was that tbe sermons were valueless The clergyman produced witnesses who testified that the sermons had done them good, ahd the jury gave a verdict of 2,000 dollars" FAWCN Paareat.—During the loug French war, two old ladies in Stranraer were going to the kirk; tbe one said to the other, " Was it no a wonderful thing that the Breetish were ave victorious over the French in battle ?" " Not a bit," said the other lady, " dinna ye ken the Breetish ave say their prayers before ga'en into battle " Theother.repUed, "But canna the French say their prayers ai weel?" The reply was most characteristic. "Hoot! jabbering bodies, who could undents*' them.'— Dem Ramtatfi Rmi- ? f ^Anvaani Anvaansairtwr.]—BcHm/aft Oimtmnlmt AS* — Tic-Doleretu.—All excrueiating pains of the muscle* and naves are relieved wit i astonishing rapidity by the uie of thi« •extraordinary Ointment. The aifceted parU, previously foMectcd with warm water, have only to be briskly robbed with this •oothing unguent to obtain instant case. Tbe PiUs much assist in banishing the tendency to rheumatism and similar painfol disorders. Whilst the Ointment cures the local ailment the Pills remove the constitutional disturbance, and regulate every imparec fanctkra of evsy org*n throughout the human body. The cure fa neither temporary nor superficial, but permanent and complete, and the diseases randy recurs, so perfect baa been tbe purification performed by these searching yet harmless preparations. 