SAIL A-HEAD; OR, A CRUISE DOWIN SOUTH. (Contributed to the Golden Age.) BY NED NAUTILUS. "A strange sail in the offing."--"Sail! and how? What! could you make her out? It cannot be; I've seen no rag of canvas on the sea." "Belike," said Ben, "you might not from the bay, But from the bluffheads where I watched to-day I saw her in the doldrums, for the wind Was light and baffling." "Her flag?" "I had no glass, but fore and aft Egad she looked a wicked looking craft" BYRON'S "Island." "WELL, well! and poor Ned is gone for ever,'' sighed Bill. "Ned was my dearest friend (save Kate I left at Portsmouth); many a voyage long and wearisome have we had together; but we shall sail no longer together upon these blue waters. His death reminds me of the loss of my own little household goddess, Clari; just as we had left our moor- ings, a letter came to me bearing the news of her death, poor child, and she was my only one, too. The loss of her still hangs heavily upon my soul. Ned, dear fellow, wrote some verses upon her death." "Let's hear 'em," said one of his com- panions. Even to these rough faces and hearts was Bill endeared, still there was not that linking of souls together which tells of true friendship, as existed between him and Ned. Bill went to his chest and took out the che- rished lot; wrapped in a bit of canvas,which bore evident signs of having been frequently handled by the old tar's tarry hands. He read them-- Little stars to us appearing Through earth's misty atmosphere, Each its onward course is steering-- Each a tiny sparklet dear. Pretty orbs that glitter brightly; Such we love to gaze upon: And we see them shooting nightly, As they leave us one by one. Like the raindrops on the ocean, Mingling in its native clime; Ever rolling in commotion, Being one vast form sublime. So the infant souls that leave us, Ltttle ones we fondly love; Though their parting sorely grieve us, Mingle, too, in realms above With the glorious First and Last, Melt into His image bright, Forming One Eternal Vast Sea of Glory, Love, and Light. Little stars thus disappearing Through earth's misty atmosphere; Thither they are upward steering To a better, brighter sphere. "I'll war'nt" observed Davy, "that Ned felt very much for you, Bill. I al'ays thort that Ned wasn't so hignorant as some took him to be; and now I knows it. Though Ned never answers every question everybody chooses to put to him, he knows all about it, from a yawl to a man-o'-war. He'd sooner people should enjoy their own conceit, than conterdict folk." "Ah, poor fellow!" said Bill, he has at last launched his little vessel upon the great sea of eternity. I wonder what course he steers \--which ports he's bound for? There, that's a a problem none of us can solve. He was not a bad sort of a fellow, though he was a 'rum chap' now and then, and was queer to make out sometimes, so that there was no telling what was his real disposition. I used to think it was constitutional with him, and a sort of he couldn't help it. But for all that, be was such a merry chap,--always laughing \--always joking. How we shall miss him, shan't we." "Yes," said Charley, "and do you know, that I can scarcely make myself believe he is gone,--it has happened so suddenly--one minute he was here full of fun and hilarity, and the next gone forever." "Such is the brevity of human life," said Bill. And Bill was indeed sorely grieved, that Ned should be thus suddenly snatched away from their midst. Many an hairbreadth escape had they: 'One time they had been two days and a night floating upon a solitary spar in the Gulf of Mexico when their vessel became a total wreck; two Lascars and a Yankee perished at the time; they were picked up by a vessel bound to New Orleans. Another time they were on board a ship with a cargo of cotton from the Southern States; the cotton took fire off Bermudas, and so rapidly did the flames spread, that it was impossible the crew could save anything but themselves, and the boat put off without even biscuit or water; when picked up by Captain Cable, they were so emaciated that their ap- pearance resembled more that of an open floating sepulchre of skeletons than a boat of human beings; the humane captain bestowed every care and attention upon them, yet two died the following day.--A third time they were with some of a crew cast upon a solitary rock on the Irish coast, during the inclemency of a European winter; in the night their companions so benumbed with the cold were unable to retain their holdfast or position, would, one by one, drop into the seething surf below, or otherwise carried off by the gigantic breakers that occasionally broke over them; the dawn of day disclosed their position to the coast-guard, and a life-boat put off and rescued them. Ofttimes were they companions oa in toil, in hardships, and in suffering--in weal and woe. "Human life is so uncertain," resumed Bill, "to-day we know; but the to-morrow, who shall know it? not you, nor I. Some- thing may overtake us, like it has poor Ned,-- cut our painter, and let our little boat drift, drift,--drift--where? Ah that is the ques- tion. Now, messmates, take my advice, for, if we don't furnished ourselves with a chart and compass to guide or steer by (while our observations are all upon the dead reckoning principle, whether a lunar can be obtained or not), we shall never reach the Happy Haven, but the current then set in will as surely take us down the Gulf of Hades, from whence there is no taking a return voyage, as surely as we are here to night. So, messmates, take my advice and provide beforehand. "Good advice, that," responded Davy, "but howsomdever, d'ye think as Ned purvided them, and took a chart or compass with him; 'cause I don't think he did, for I knows his'n be in his chest I never didn't know how to use 'em, though I've been afore the mast these many years. Bill, thee'd do for a pa'son.---- Dash my old sou'wester, if that warn't like Ned's footstep overhead. Who's on the look out?" "The old Dutchman, Jan Jonker, in the port watch," said Charley. "Oh, but it warn't Ned," said Davy seri- ously, shaking his head, "he's gone too fur ever to come back again.--Who war that slipped down the ladder?--However, I'll fill another pipe, and then turn in to get a wink o' sleep anyhow." It was Ned's footsteps Davy heard; he had not perished as was believed. When the canvas shook him from the boom, he held on, and the counter flapping swung Ned into the forechain, which he grasped, although stunned with the blow. As the vessel dipped her prow, the waves boiled over Ned, and drenched him thoroughly, which in some measure restored his consciousness. As soon as he was a little recovered, Ned thought of his safety, and clambered up as best he could. When Jan saw him, he bolted down the gangway flying, taking the six steps in one leap. Ned had an idea; he knew they ima- gined him dead and gone, and the effect his re-appearance had upon the Dutchman was such as he would like to produce upon his messmates. So Ned speedily slipped on one side, and made for the galley to dry himself, and also to get the cook in league with his designs. As soon as Ned appeared before the cook, who was not alarmed, although he felt rather cold and sweaty at the sight, (for he did not believe in ghosts), he spoke to the sup- posed apparition, and said "Well, what brought you here; I heard you had fallen overboard?" "So I did," said Ned, "but, you see, I caught in the forechains, and was saved.--How the old dutchman ran when I got on board again, like a madman." "They believe you are drowned, Ned," said the cook. "All right," said Ned, "I'll appear before them all in white." By this time it was rumoured that Ned's ghost had appeared, and had been seen stand- ing on the catfall with his arms outstretched, and beckoning the man on the watch to come to him; pointing one hand towards home, and then placing it on his heart; and that he looked as white as an angel. Such was the story told by Jan Jonker, and believed by all the watch. The cook got from the steward a couple of tablecloths; with this Ned robed himself, and having rubbed some flour over his brown features, to look the more ghostly, he quietly and stealthily bent his steps for'ards and stood opposite the gangway of the little cabin of the port watch. They saw him approach- ing, but dimly; the lustre of their little lamp only feebly lighting up the gloom of the night; this was the more accommodating and fa- vourable for the visit of an apparition, espe- cially such a one as Ned's. All within shook and trembled, and some turned as pale as Ned's whited face. After Jan Jonker's des- cription of what he had seen, this confirmed it. The noise and confusion aroused the star- board watch, and they came out, only to be likewise terrified, while some rushed back again-- "Their pipes burnt blue, their blood ran cold, The ghost looked grim as you'll be told." At last, Davy summoning resolution, and addressing his ghostship said--"Ned!"--'Ned!' \--Ned!" in a wild, hurried, and tremulous tone, for he shook fearfully about the knees, "tell me if yer be dead or not, and if yer be yer own ghost or somebody's else you have sent to tell us yer fate. Speak that's a good fellow." The ghost made no reply, but waving his hand, bade adieu, and was about to vanish out of sight, when a hearty laugh burst from the galley, where the cook was peeping round the corner, and watching the whole affair. So instead of vanishing out of sight, as a ghost could have done,--for who could doubt it,-- "Off his vinding sheet he threw'd And by his trousers Ned they know'd; He wasn't dead but come to mess, And there's an end as you may guess." This little mystery was soon cleared, and Ned once more occupied his old quarters, amid the honest congratulations and hearty wel- comings of his happy and thankful shipmates. The starboard watch had no sleep that turn; they were too busy talking over the supposed loss of their companion, and too glad that he was not drowned. Amid their joyousness Ned sung the following-- Not down in the deep does poor Ned sleep; Not there is he taking a nap; 'Neath the blue sea-sky he does not lie With his head on a mermaid's lap. No ocean wave rolls o'er his grave, No seamew sings his dirge; And the only sound heard all around Was the rush of the boiling surge. Ah! everyone thought he was gone, And they logg'd him down as dead; They did not think that a kindly link Of the forechain saved poor Ned. With a winding sheet right down to his feet, His messmates to appal; Thus came your Ned, who is not dead, Nor was he drowned at all. "Bill," said Ned, "have you heard any thing of the little captain lately. I think he has seen some strange sail in the offing." "Yes; and I think he has sent some mes- sage, but despatched to another craft." "What's in that paper you are reading, Bill?" Bill made no reply, but flung it on one side disgusted, and muttered something about--"piratical plagiarism; actually copy- ing passages in Ned's former chapters--Ned's no muff. Verbosity, balderdash, and nauti- cal jargon--setting stu'nsails in a gale! Who ever heard the like of such at sea." Now Bill's comment on what he read was quite correct. Eight bells struck, and the starboard watch turned out again. (Concluded.) RECIPE FOR RENDERING MUSLINS INCOM- BUSTIBLE.--We copy from the London Specta- tor a piece of information which deserves to be known by every lady in the community, espe- cially such a community as ours, where acci- dents by fire are so frequent, and where, as the summer advances, the lightest fabrics are worn:--Mr W. Olding, M.D., of Guy's Hos- pital, supplies the following recipe for render- ing muslin dresses incombustible: "Muslins, &c.;, steeped in a seven per cent. solution of sulphate of ammonia, or a twenty per cent. solution of tungstate of soda, and then dried, may be held in the flame of a candle or gas lamp without taking fire. That portion of stuff in contact with the light becomes charred but the burning does not spread or blaze. 