THIS, BENDIG-0 ADVERTISER] (PUBUSIIRD DAILY.) PROGRESSION, OUP. RIGHT3, AND OUB RES0GRCE3. SANDHl.'RST, WEDNESDAY, JAN. 20, 1801. LAST NIGIIT'S DEBATE. " IT ?aeeds no ghost to coinc from the grave" to teli us that the days of the chance-born Heales Ministry are numbered. The House showed unmistakeably last right that they would accept no apology, but that the fi^ht must go on. In vain Mr. Yerdon skipped more nimbly from the high ropes than he ascended them. In vain were impatient members on both sides informed that the position of the Ministry had been mis understood. Would the House affirm by a direct resolution whether they would submit to extra taxation, and then the Government would know what to do ? In other words put your cards on the table, make dummies of yourselves, and then we think we can play our little game. What a verdant politician must the Treasurer be to espc-ct old stagers like Mr, Duffy to accede to such a t: preposterous proposition." Poor Ver don ! what a shock awaits all his young fond hopes. Far better had he remained star gazing in the Williamstown Observatory, for mistakes in amateur astronomy rarely come before the world. But to makes this " ten der juvenal" the forlorn hope of a forlorn Ministry, with annihilation staring him straight in the face, was too bad of his " tough seniors.'' Granted he was a volunteer; yet there are occa sions when none but seasoned troops may hope to make headway against a powerful and determined enemy. This was one of them; and however well this raw financial recruit was to be supported, it was a refinement of cruelty on the part of these poli tical Joabs to put him, Uriah- like, in the front o' the battle. Surely the awkwardness he displayed in making his maiden charge, when Brooke had to spur to the rescue or he would have been lost, warranted a return of "Captain Verdon severely wounded, and conveyed to the rear." Sir Brooke or Sir Heales might then have taken the disabled knight's place, and perchance for a while kept the enemy in play until the arrival of reinforcements. But it was not to be. " Stand or fail" was the motto emblazoned ou the Williamstown shield, which unfortunately was left hanging outside the tent "plain for all folk to see." Weak accordingly from his previous rough handling by the doughty M'Cuiioch, and by this time dimly conscious that he had mistaken his vocation, our champion comes up la-t nijjit in the worst possible time to renew the unequal encounter. But he is scarcelyon his legs before he prays a parley to know whether the battle is to continue on the same terms as before. The vaunting " Stand or fall" has been e'facvd from the battered shield, and in its place is inscribed " in viherk'jrt/iani." Sternly are he and his scared companions bid Sir Gawaiuto fight on, or they are no true knights. Unwillingly they buckle to the fray, and make a feeble charge upon the serried ranks opposite. At this point our telegram leaves us, and here we drop metaphor. There cannot be a doubt of the result of the debate ; for, however leniently disposed at first, the House seems now to he of opinion that it wouid only be making bad worse to allow so delicate a subject as Ways anu Means to be further handled by such clumsy manipulators. Beyond an attempt to impose a stamp duty, the Ministry will hardly be permitted to go; nor will they in all probability have the oppor tunity of burning their fingers with either "tobacco" or "cigars." The public will not be asked to burn their candles" at both ends, and a tin of salmon cr a bottle of gooseberries may still be opened without the unpleasant reflection that the Government is to have a profit out of the article as well as each of the three or four persons through whose adhesive fingers it has already passed. The conclusion of our message is not a little remarkable. The coalition of .Messrs. Dufl'y, Haines, Nicholson, and Evans against the Government, can only be one of emergency, and we hardly expect, when their present work is accomplished, that they will all four be found sitting on the same benches. Dr. Evans might have 110 objection to go in on broad principles (Messrs. Batten and Cutter disgusted him with fixed ones) with any or all of the remaining three, but Haines and Duffy cheek by jowl would be an anomaly greater even than ha3yet been witnessed in our extraordinary Parliament. 