HOUSE OP ASSEMBLY. .Tuesday, November 26. me speaker toot the ohair at half-past l o'clock. PETITIONS. Mr. TOWNSEND presented a petition from Mr. Samuel Stocks, praying that the House would take steps to uphold the law as relating to the issue of mineral leases. Received and read. THE RAILWAY CONTRACT. The COMMISSIONER OF PUBLIC WORKS laid on the table a copy of a letter received from Mr. Hill, namin' his sureties for the performance of the goods contract. Ordered to be printed. PETRIFIED ABORIGINAL. Mr. MAGAREY asked whether the Cpmmissioner of Crown Lands intended to take steps to prevent the removal from the colony of the petrified body of an aboriginal found in the caves at Mount Gambier. (Laughter.) The COMMISSIONER OF CROWN LANDS said that the question had been submitted to the Crown Solicitor as to whether Mr. Craig had not laid bimBelf open to a criminal indictment in removing the body, but no opinion had as yet been given. While he was Commissioner of Crown Lands he should certainly see that steps were taken to prevent scientific removals ot this kind from being made. (Hear, hear.) THE HAILS. Mr. TOWNSEND asked whether it was true that the Wonga Wonga had hroken down, and if so, what steps the Government intended to take for the conveyance of the mails to King George's Sound. The TREASURER replied, that so soon as the accident to the Wonga Wonga had become known, the Postmaster General had gone to the Port and ascertained that the vessel had dropped her screw, and thatj the injuries were too serious to enable her to take the mails in time to meet the steamer. The Government had, therefore, at once en deavored to communicate with the Government of Victoria, but misfortunes of course never come alone, and it happened that some accident had happened to the telegraph line between Warrnambool and the stations in the Victorian province. However, a special messenger had been dis patched to endeavor to obtain communication ; and as the Benares had not arrived in HobBon's Bay on Monday afternoon, it was possible that they might be in time. They had asked the Victorian Government whether on this occa sion the Benares might be allowed to call at Kangaroo Island to take the South Australian mails, and he expected momentarily to receive a reply. MARKSMEN'S MEDALS. Mr. MILNE asked whether the Treasurer could now answer his question in reference to the issue of medals to marksmen during the ensuing year? The TREASURER said that the matter was at present under consideration by the proper authorities, and that he should not be in a position to answer the question until the following day. THE VALEDICTORY ADDRESS. The SPEAKER reported that he had waited upon His Excellency the Governor and asked him when he would be pleased to receive a valedictory address from that House, and His Excellency fixed Friday next at half-past 2, as the time to receive the address. WANT OF CONFIDENCE MOTION— ADJOURNED DEBATE. Mr. DUTTON said amongst the numerous returns which were published from time to time in that Parliament, he thought nothing could be more amusing or instructive to future historians, as if the Speaker would give instructions to the clerks to prepare it, a statement showing the various ministerial convulsions which had from time to time taken place. (Laughter.) Here they were again In the middle of another storm, and it was only about three weeks ago since they emerged from a similar, if not a worse diffi cultv. He could easily imagine that the hon. Treasurer was extremely anxious to favor the House with his thunders of eloquence, and, therefore, he would not then make a long speech. In consequence of some remarks which had fallen from hon. members, however, he should drop a few ingredients into that kettle of broth which the hon. member for Gumeracha had prepared for the Ministry to swallow, whether they liked it or not. He had listened attentively to nearly all the speeches, and more, he had read them carefully since they had been in print, and the conclusion he came to was, that there was a great deal to be said on both sides of the ques tion. The Treasurer, however, mu3t, he thought, know that all this disagreeableness was brought on by himself. (Oh.) He believed that the main cause of it was, that the truthful ness of official statements put forth by the Ministry had been so often called in question. (Name.) Well, hi the very outset of the speech of the hou. member for Gumeracha, he had said words to the effect — ' that what the Treasurer stated was therefore not true.' Surely that was a gross contradiction of the hon. member's statement, and he believed that it was such circumstances that tended to damage him so greatly in the eyes of liis supporters. Then again, at a District Council meeting lately — 'hear)— a state ment officially put forward by the Treasurer had been flatly contradicted. Of course the hon. gentleman would have an opportunity of explaining both those cases— (hear)— and he Imped that he would do so aatisfactoiily, as otherwise an effect injurious to him wouldof course be produced. (Hear.) He did not think, however, that the hon. member for Gumeracha bad made a very strong case out against the Government He had spoken somewhat warmly upon the question of Ministerial equality. For his own (Mr. Dutton's) part he thought it would perhaps be better if the Ministry would adhere to the gradations and emolu ments laid 'down in the Constitution Act He himself pre ferred that as the law, to the new fanglert schemes of any Ministry. He believed, however, that the present Chief Secretary's influence in the Cabinet was very great. He believed that the hon. gentleman occupied his true position there as head of the Government, and from what be knew ' of the hon. gentleman he believed he would not continue to hold office if he did not. If, however, any censure did fall npon anyone, he believed it wonld fall upon the Ministry as a body. The hon. member had raked up in reference to this motion the Boothby question, and he felt that he bad greatly complimented him (Mr. Dutton) in so doing, because the hon. member had seen fit to reproduce the remarks which he had made on a former occasion, and which were previously in print. Now, though he strongly censured on tbat occasion the Government for the part they had taken on that ques tion— fhear)— though no one felt more strongly than he that they should have had a united policy on so important a question— and though he had entertained the strongest feelings of indignation that they had not such a policy, nevertheless he must say that the hon. member for Gumeracha should have been the last to have brought this up as a reason why a vote of want of confidence should be passed on the present Ministry. (Hear.) Why, the hon. member was himself one of the arch conspirators who had got up the excitement on that question. (Laughter.) He was one of the knot who lived at Mi tcham— (laughter) —and used to meet in the porch of the Church after Divine Service— (loud laughter)— and who put their heads together, and thus framed resolutions, and had singled out the hon. member, Mr. Moorhouse, to bring the matter before the House. (Laughter.) That this question should now be made by the hon. member for Gumeracha a point of attack against the Ministry was one of the strangest things he had ever listened to in that House. And now as to immigration, he was asked to say that he had no confidence in the present Government because their votes were said to have been antagonistic to ineir speeches upon this question. He quite agreed with this. He quite agreed that the actions and speeches of hon. members did them no credit; still the speech of the hon. member elsewhere was in every respect a good and a loyal one, and he could not, therefore, vote against him on this question. (Hear.) And whilst he was referring to the subject he might say that his vote also would have been in favor of the motion. He was as strongly in favor of a proper system of immigration as any man well could be, but he should be the last to undertake it at pre sent under the public expense. He had understood when elected— he only spoke for himself of coarse— that the question of public immigration was settled until another election took place, and he should not be one to vote the public money now for such a purpose, without meeting bis constituents and telling them what he meant to do. This was an important question, and one upon which they had all had to run the gauntlet at the last election. He could not, however, vote for immigration at the public ex pense, and, therefore, he did not see that this was so strong a point against the Ministry. (Hear.) Then there was the salaries question. He was indeed sorry that such a question should now be brought up against the Government. He did not think this was a matter such as they should turn a Ministry out upon. (Hear, hear.,) He liked to see fair play everywhere, both in the Honse and out of the House. This salaries question had been discussed, and the House had ex pressed an opinion upon it. He, forone, had censured the Trea surer as much as anv hon. member uoon the Question, for he certainly thought he bad acted with extreme impro priety on the question ; but he thought, after what had passed, that the matter should not have been brought for ward again. Then there was the railway goods contract question; and as the hon member seemed to nave raked np every little point on this question against the Ministry, he might mention that he wondered the Woods case had not been brought up. (Hear.) He thought there had been no greater case of oppression than tbat same Woods case. (Hear.) He thought there had been a want of bona fidenesa in reference to the railway contract. He had listened with great pleasure to the hon. member (Mr. Dullield). That hon. member had administered a severe philippic to the Go vernment in his remarks on that case. He certainly thought no Ministry should do in a case like that what he would not have done in his private capacity. All he could say was that he considered Mr. Fuller had not been well treated. Then, again, the hesitation of the Government in giving all the information which was required of them, told much against them. The conduct of the Manager of Rail ways, also, in stirring np strife and writing letters between the partners looked bad, and did not say much for the con duct of the Hon. Commissioner of Public Works who had the matter in charge. They had been told that three tenders had been sent in, and that all three were from Fuller and Co., though oneof them only was signed by Martin, Gaede chens, & Co. Then, again, some further light had been thrown upon this subject by the publication of a letter from Martin, Gaedechens, & Co. The hon. member here read the letter which has appeared in the newspapers— a letter in which that firm express themselves highly aggrieved that they had not had the same opportunity or sending in a fresh tender, which was granted to a person who had not ten dered in the first instance. He (Mr. Dutton) thought it very strange that the department of Public Works had only founa out within the last few days that it was neces sary to make some calculation as to what it would cost the Government if they took the goods traffic into their own hands— how many horses it would take, how many carts, how many men, &c.; What had the late hon. Commissioner of Public Works been about for the last twelve months, that he had not long since seen the necessity 01 being prepared for such a contingency ; he knew that the contract would end some time this year, yet nothing what ever was done to let Fuller & Co. see that the Government were not entirely dependent upon Fuller and bis partners, and Fuller of course took advantage of his being possessed of a perfect plant, and all the experience necessary to conduct such a business. He (Mr. Dutton) thought great negligence had been shown by the hon. member for Gumeracha (Mr. Hay) when he was Commissioner of Public Works, not to have been quite prepared for the con tingency which actually had happened, neither did he (Mr. Dutton) agree in the very questionable sentiments pro pounded by the hon. member for Gumeracha (Mr. Hay) on Friday, and which drew from the hon. member for Barossa (Mr. Dnfneld) the admirable and not a bit too severe philippic which he administered to the former. (Hear, hear.) Now, he (Mr. Dutton) would shortly glance at the other side of the question affecting this motion. He (Mr. Dutton) had not been consulted about the matter, which of itself was of no consequence, excepting in so far as the exercise of his vote was concerned ; any hon. member might table a notice of motion of such a nature that an in dependent member might find it undesirable to vote against it, but it did not by any means follow that if he did not vote against it he must of necessity vote for it. No man would throw away an old pair ot Doots, although there might be a few holes and patches in them— (great laughter)— before he had provided himself with a new pair. Now, he (Mr. Dutton) would not like to cast off the Ministerial old boots until be had satisfied himself that the Opposition new boots would fit properly, and do as good service as the old ones. (Cheers and laughter.) For the sake of argument he would admit that the present Ministers were a bad lot but what security had he that tbe new lot would be a bit better. (Laughter and hear hear). That was the dilemma in which he was placed, from the fact that he was in a blissful state of ignorance as to whom the reins of Government were to be handed over to ; of course there were plenty of aspirants to office, but singu larly enough, he had bsen told that the House would not have this member, that member, and other members ; all this increased his perplexity; there seemed to be no party having the confidence of the House, ready formed to replace the present Ministry— (hear, hear),— and of course no policy ; then how could his hon. friend the mover expect that he (Mr. Dutton) should vote for his motion ? — (Hear, hear). Was it only for the fun of having another mi iste rial crisis ?— (laughter)— another week of negotiations?— (hear, hear) and he could just imagine the possibility: after it had been found that no new Ministry could be formed, of the mover and the Treasurer rushing into each other arms in fraternal embrace— (great laughter) -forgetting and forgiving all that had been said on both sides— - continued laughter)— and the affair ending by the hon. member for Gumeracha taring his seat on the Treasury benches as Com missioner of Public Works in the place of the present occUDant of that office. (Cheers, and great laughter.) It was,' morever, hardly in good taste for the hon. mover to bring forward sucti a motion, when it appeared from the statement of two of the ministers that the hon. member had been on the point of joining the present Ministry only a few days ago, whom he now wished the House to declare had not got the confidence of the House. (Hear, hear.) Should this motion be carried, he (Mr. Dutton) would decidedly advise the Ministry not to go out upon it— (hear, hear, and oh)— tUe parties are now so equally divided in the House that no Govern ment could be carried on by a new Ministry; a dis solution of the House would be inevitable, and they would then lose the benefit for three years of the new Electoral Act fHear, hear.) He (Mr. Dutton) believed he had done good service to the country by moving the adjournment of the debate on Friday— (cheers, and no, no)— and the hono rable the Speaker had done better service still by giving his casting vote in favor of the Ayes, by which hon. members had time given to them to reflect on both sides of the question, as he (Mr. Dutton) had done during the interval from Friday to Tuesday. (Cheers.) Mr. BAGOT would say a very few words on the question before the House. He regretted exceedingly to hear the speech which had been made by nis hon. colleague who had just sat down. The hon. member seemed to be very much offended because he had not been consulted on the question as to which post he was to take in the new Ministry which should be formed. He thought the course taken by the hon. member was not a fair one, and that it would have been much more credit able had he come boldly forward and voted for the Ministry. He had understood from his colleague that he did not intend to vote against the motion. Why, then, did the hon. mem ber come down to the House on Friday night and do that which., in the present state of parties, appeared to be tanta mount to a vote for the Ministry. The action of the hon. member bad enabled the Government— if his information was correct— to send coaches and four for some hou. mem bers, and orderlies after others. It this was the case the hon. member had certainly ' kept the word of promise to the ear,' — well, he would uot repeat the remainder of the sentence. His colleague had said that no member was more in favor of immigration than he was, but that it had been a clear understanding at most of the late elections that the question should be placed on the shelf until after another election. He xvould give the most unqualified denial to that statement as far as his own election was concerned, and as far as the speeches and address of himself and his bon. colleague went. At the time of the late election the coun try was undoubtedly suffering from the bad harvest, and in consequence of the difficulty of getting the proper kind of laborers to do the work in the provincial oistricts many persons were out of work. The result was, that there was a o-eneral feeling throughout the country that immigration should be suspended, but now when be found that there weie no men looking for employment, that one of hia constituents -a large farmer— had been deserted by bis old laborers, and after waiting for some weeks the result of his application to the labor office, had been told there was not a single man to be had-when they saw these things he said the Ministry should have come forward with a settled policy on this question of immigra tion. (Hear, hear.) When that question was recently intro duced by a private member, the Attorney-General got up and, with his usual eloquence, made certain statements which induced him (Mr. Bagot) to suppose that the Government would oppose the resumption of immigration. What, then, had been his surprise to find the Government voting with himself in support oi the hon. member's (Mr. Peacock's) amendment, which was much more strongly in favor of the resumption of immigration than the amendment of the lion, member (Mr. Milne). (Hear, hear) The Government on that occasion spoke one way and voted another. If it had been the only occasion when they bad done so he might have been disposed to pass it over, and say that they might for once be allowed to change their minds. But when he had seen t:ie Treasurer come forward on the Boothby question, which his hon. colleague thought was settled— (' No ' from Mr. Dutton) — well the hon. member's speech led him to suppose so-(laughier)— when he saw the Treasurer come forward and assert high constitutioni.1 views as to tbe position ot tbe Judge, and when nine days afterwards he saw the Treasurer come down and make use of language, borrowed apparently from a celebrated meeting at White's Rooms, lan'Tia»e against the Judge, and against the principles he had asserted before— what could he say but that the Treasurer was endeavoring to trim his action to the popular voice? He was sorry to say that he believed when the Treasurer found there was a majority aeainst him, he valued place higher than principle. (No, no, and hear.) On these points there had been so much oscillation on the part of the Government that he could not have the con fidence in them he would have wished. Then, as to the salaries' question— the Treasurer had not come forward in a bold and manly manner to meet the charges brought against him but he induced the hon. member for West Tnrrens. Well, he would not say tbat— but that the hon. member, who was such a staunch supporter of the Government did come forward and move the previous question. Under such cir cumstances the stigma, if stigma there was, remained, and the question was as much open now as ever. (Hear, hear.) The fact was that a short time after the Government, of wbich he was a member, came into power, it was found that some reduction was necessary in the expenses of Government, and it was determined that the ministerial salaries amongst others should be decreased. At that time the Treasurer very properly canre forward and said that it was an agreement with the Ministers that they should each receive only £800 per annum, and that the balances should be paid back Into the Treasury. That was a matter of honor, aHd for one year it was carried out, but afterwards, for what reason he could not tell, and without any intimation being given to the House, the compact was broken and the full salaries were retained after the Miuisters lmd gone out of office. After that he could not say that he had confidence in the Ministry It was not a matter of £ s. d., but a matter of honor, of principle, and it was the duty of the Treasurer as an honorable man and a Minister of the Crown, to have told the House that the change had been made. It had pleased the Commissioner of Publio Works, who bad opened the ball on behalf of the Government, on the principle, he supposed, that the w.-akest leg should be the foremost, to make a distinct personal attach upon him (Mr. Bagot). The Commissioner of Public Works stated that he (Mr. Bagot) had lowered his position by accepting the Commissiont r Shipof Crown Lands in a former Ministry. Undoubtedly he did lower hia position by accepting oflice beneat.i the pre sent Commissioner of Crown Lands ; but the Commissioner of Public Works was as well aware as he was of the circum stances under which he accepted that office. Day after day the Treasurer solicited him to accept that office, and day after day he refused to do so, until at last he consented to do so from personal friendship to the Treasurer. He was sure the Treasurer, who had always been straight forward and outspoken in such matters, would confirm, what he had stated. He was quite sure the hon. Commis sioner of Public Works would not lower his position by ac cepting office beneath any member of that House (Ol and laughter.) Why the hon. gentleman had attained tliat position he could not telL unless it was that the Trea surer had gone upon the principle of taking into the Ministry his whipper-in, who did hid his dirty work (Oh ) He did not use the term in an offensive sense - (oh)— but he really knew of no other reason. He wonld certainly con sider himself degraded if he did not stand higher in the face of the country than the hon. Commissioner of Public Works. The hon. member,;Mr. Magarey, had also made an attack npon him. He remembered when he was much younger than he was now, he went behind the scenes of a theati-t) when 'Hamlet' was being performed. (Laughter.) He would not go to such a place now — (oh, and renewed laughter)— and he was astonished to hear the ghost of Ham let's father make a very witty remark, and to see him drink a pint of porter. He was not less horrified then than he was when on Friday last the hon. member, Mr. Magarey commenced to make jokes. The ghost with his eombiv habiliments and red beard, was to his mind very like the hon. member, Mr. Magarey, on Friday last. (Oh.) He did not intend what he said in any offensive sense. If the hon member had consulted some of the occupants of the Trea sury benches, he would have found that there was no abso lute necessity that he, Mr. Bagot, should take tho post of Attorney-General, because he had no doubt either the present Attorney-General or the Commissioner of Crown Lands would be very happy to fill that po^itiou in whatever Ministry might be formed. (Oh !) The Attor ney-General, who had been very severe on the hon. member (Mr. A. Blyth) had no arguments to offer in defence of the Ministry. On the contrary, he attempted to draw attention from the question at issue by a vigorous and sarcastic attack on the hon. member for Gumeracha. The Attorney General said the hon. member was willing to join him and the Treasurer in the Ministry, but how did that knowledge come to him ? If the private statements and correspondence of hon. members was to be brought forward in this manner where was it to end? What confidence could they have in the Government if the Attorney-General was to relate statements that shonld be strictly private. (' No from the Attorney-General; 'Hear,' from Mr. A. Blyth) If negotiations of this nature were going on were they not to be private? If they were to be brought forward at all, h« trusted that the hon. member Mr. Blyih would consider himsett absolved trom any idea of privacy he mMit have entertained, and state the whole truth of the matter He certainly regretted that the Treasurer had not asked the uuii.iucuuer mr. uiyxn, ana anotner member on that side of the House, to join the Government, instead of the present Commissioners, and he regretted that he would be com pelled to say by his vote that he considered the Attorney General and Treasurer ought not to retain their offices But he was compelled to say so when he fouud them come for ward to attempt to defend the action of the Commissioner of Public Works in the matter of the goods contract, «nd when he remembered their conduct with regard, ta the salaries and immigration questions. Considering this, the conduct of tne Treasurer on the Boothby question, and the vacillating way In which the business of the country had been carried on, he must say he thought the time had arrived when the House should say it had no confidence in. the Ministry. MESSAGES FROM THE LEGISLATIVE COUNCIX. The SPEAKER announced the receipt of a message from, the Legislative Council returning the Drainage of Mine3 Bill passed with amendments. The TREASURER moved that the message be printed and the consideration of the amendments made an Order of the Day for Wednesday. Agreed to. The SPEAKER announced the receipt of a message from the Legislative Council transmitting tbe Electoral Law \ct Amendment BUI agreed to with amendments. Mr. A- BLYTH moved that the message be printed, anl .the consideration of the amendments made an Order of the Day for Wednesday. Agreed to. WANTOI? CONFIDENCE-DEBATE RESUMED Mr. PARKIN said it was not his intention to say one word on this subject as he had thought the debate would have 1 terminated on Friday night, but as the Speaker had wisely and impartially decided that the debate should be adjourned he would now offer a few remarks. He had often endeavored to seek in the debates in that House the amount of wisdom he had hoped to find in them, but had listened with disappointment. Recrimination had supplied the place of argument and good oratory. The qm- stiou on this occasion was one of confidence in the Ministry It involved a wide and sweeping proposition. (Hear.) ?-1 would be contrary to his conscience to say that he had no confidence in the Ministry— (hear, hear;— and, therefore, he could not vote for tbe motion. To say that he had unlimited confidence in the Ministry would also be wrong. He had frequently been very much dissatis fied with then- conduct, bnt if a majority voted for the motion who were they jto have in their place? The hon. member (Mr. A Blyth) of course expected to be sent for. but of what materials could he form an Administration ? How incongruous those materials must be ! There they were^ all at sixes and sevens with regard to all the more impor tant questions that could be brought forward. (Hear, hear ) What policy could the hon. member introduce ? If he was to judge by the hon. member's antecedents, all his pohcy would be contrary to the wishes of the country at lar^e. (Hear, hear.) There was the question of immigration. Some of the hon. member's supporters were for it at nny cost and others were altogether opposed to it. He did not con sider himself at liberty to vote for the introduction of :i large number of immigrants at the public expense, because the larger number of members of tliaL House were returned on the distinct understand;;!'- that immigration should not be resumed during- the present flpAainn. nin nwn fvinr*lfiainn tktqc fhat tlm h*%n .*...«.?? ? Mr. Blyth, wanted to oust the Ministry merely that lie' might get into power himself. It was not fair to make such an attack at this period of the session. The hon. member had taken advantage of eertain recent events to catch tho votes of a few unwary individuals. He had heard ot cunning designs and confiding fools -not that he would for a moment apply such a term to any members of that House —but he thought there were designs afloat for overthrowin ??? the Government, and he thought it was a selfish piece of business from beginning to end. (Hear hear, and laughter. - If he had the art to do it he would like to pourtray these political movements upon canvass. The scene would be this— a Government wall with, five sets of figures on one side of it— representing £1,300, £l,0'0, £900, £soo, and £800. Endeavouring to scale the wall from the other side would be one huge individual— (loud laughter)— resting 011 the shoulders of two little men, one of whom would bear upon his back the inscription ' Burra and Clare,' and tii-- other 'the Port.' (Renewed laughter). Another busy little man with the inscription ' Lights and Shades' around his head, wouM be there, and a. dark and slender figure wonld be gliding— (oh 1 and loud laugliter) -amongst the crowd, watching very intently for the result —(Hear, htar ) Presently the huge individual would come down lump - (Renewed laughter and a sarcastic cheer.) Well, the hon. member, Mr. Glyde, might supply the names if he knew who the description would fit. This attempt to oust the Govern ment was made merely that others might slip in aud enjoy tha official salaries during the recess. (Ofi!) So little confidence would he have in any Ministry that could be formed, that he would, if the motion was carried, be almost disposed to move a similar motion when the new Ministry came in. Although he disclaimed the most remote desire to occupy :i place in the Government himself, he felt bound on this occasion to snpport the Ministry. (Hear, hear.) Mr- BAKEWELL saidevenif be had the necosaary abilitv no one would suspect him of any expectation of forminu- on: of any new Government. He had never sought from an v Government any favor for himself or friends, and he lu'l never hesitated to vote against a Government whenever In had thought it was necessary to do so. He had voted wiili the minority on the immigration resolutions, and would rt.. so again, because he objected to the introduction of useltr-i and worthless persons at the public expense. He tiiougiit the Government acted in an unusual manner when they spok-: one way and voted another. But nothing very criminal n-jj done yet for they had merely obtained authority to cousiile: the question, and if they did consider it wisely and well liu would be ready to consider any proposition, they might make. No vote of money had yet beeu obtained from thar House, and he did not consider the Ministry were unwortru of his confidence for the action they had taken on tlii's question. He was one of the number who had given counsel to the Chief Secretary that the present occupant of th-- office of Commissioner of Crown Lands should retain that position, and he observed that the hou. member (Mr A. Blyth) had not looked so pleasant since then, altough it might of course be owing to other causes. At the time the salaries question was first before the House, he had condemned the Ministers for having' taken more than the £800, although he admitted if they to 3k the whole amount provided in the Constitution Act they would be only acting according to law. He wished now to men tion another circumstance injustice to one of his constitu ents. A member of the firm of Martin, Gaedecheus, and Co. bad told him that he felt dissatisfied with the conduce of the Government, especially the Commissioner of l'ublic Works, in stating verbally that a tender bad been accepted for the goods contract on the 28th of October, when it was afterwards proved that that was not the case. This member of the firm also gave his word of honour that the firm had no interest in any other tender sent in; aud further that, although as consular agents they had a good deal of correspondence with foreign Governments, they had never been treated before as they had been by the Government of South Australia (Oh, oh, and laughter. ) He had repeated this to the House as he na.l heard it but he did not become the advocate of the firm, a3 he had no wish to do so unless he could vouch for the truth of all that he advanced. No doubt the Government would be prepared to give a sufficient reply to tbe insinuations charged agamst them. He did not sympathise with the effort to expel the Ministry on the charges advanced. With these few remarks he considered It to be his duty to vote with the Government. (Hear, hear.) Mr. MILDRED, seeing the Treasurer abou to rise, wor.M allude to one or two questions of interest He had been de sirous of supporting the Government for the purpose of enabling them to 'carry out the policy introduced by the Treasurer, and if he could obtain a satisfactory ausiver fri.mi the Treasurer on one or two points, he would vrah-e all other important considerations, rather than have a ch:inj;e of ilimstry or a dissolution at the present time. He fully agreed with the objection to the Treasurer's conduct on fie immigration question, to the want of tact evidenced iu iha management of the Public Works Department, and to the breach of honor on the part of the Treasurer on the salaries question. The TREASURER rose to order. The hon. member was charging him with a breach of honor. The SPEAKER said tbe hon. member, Mr. Mildred, was not in order. Mr. MILDRED resumed. An honorable compact, -not 1 legal one— was entered into, and if there was any breieli of that be would leave it to the Treasurer to give a naiaj to if. fHear, hear). He had understood that the Treasurer having abolished the ad valorem duties, a scheme would be intro duced that would secure a benefit to the country, lie had waited to hear an exposition of that promised scheme from, the Treasurer— a scheme he had offered as a means of ob taining popularity. This proposed vote of want of confi dence was based upon the ground that the Treasurer had not fulfilled his promises— if he would do that even now he might make more than one convert to his e tuse. The scheme which they kne^v had engaged the active and attentive mind of the Treasurer, and which he imagiiinl was the property of the countiy, was uot it appearel to be pro pounded to them until a more favorable opportunity. The contract which the Treasurer hdd made with the H^use with, reference to the salaries, as the senior partner of a firm, to which the Government might be compared, had beeu carried out for a certain time; and then the whole amount bad been appropriated by the Treasurer to his own use —(no)— because he held it in his own hands. (So, no.) As he would view a partnership transaction, so he viewed this case, and he looked upon the action of the Treasurer aa upon that of a partner who improperly applied the partner ship's funds to his own private purposes. The TREASURER rose to order. The hon. member waa charging him with improperly applying money to his own uses. The SPEAKER ruled that the hon. member was out of order in making such remarks. Mr. MILDRED had merely made a remark in reference to statements which had been made. This money had been set aside for the benefit of the State— (no) —and the Treasurer had received it and applied it to his own purposes. (No.) Well, the hon. member would have a chance of denying the statement. What he said was, that a compact had been entered into in reference to the amounts of Ministerial salaries ; and they knew how much confidence could be extended to persons who set aside contracts of this kind. Nevertheless, if the resolutions which the Treasurer had brought forward could be explained— if the plan proposed could be sketched out In the speech which would be made- or in reference to the very unbusiness way in which the railway contracts had been conducted, if any fair representations were made to him by which the Government could show that they would be justified in carrying out the contracts, then, for the sake especially of the Hon. Chief Secretary, Mr. Waterhouse, he would willingly withdraw his opposition upon the grounds of the other trivial matters comBaratively which had been mentioned. (Oh I) If this was not done, however, he must Irankly and candidly gay ' that he \nrald have to support the rote of want of confi dence in the present .Ministry. The TREASURER feared lie should be unable to give the hon. member the information which be required to enable him to withdrew his opposition on this occasion. Tbe hon. member's statement amounted to thiB, that if he (the Trea surer) would give an outline of the scheme of taxation which he proposed, and if the hon. member thought it was one which would be of advantage to the country, then he wonld be willing to set aside all The grave questions which had been raised against the Government, and would vote with them. Well, he -the Treasurer) could assure the House that hon. members could not bribe the Government in this way. It was his cuBtom generally to stick to the question before the House, and he was not going to travel ont of his way upon the present occasion, even on the chance of winning the vote ot the hon. member. (Laupnter.) He was asked to give Ma opinion upon a certain question ot importance on a previous occasion, and because he did .not do so, this was held asasort of rod in terrorem overthehead of the Ministry. 'Well, he could assure the hon. member that he was not going to give them the benefit of his thoughts opoattbat subject at that time. The hon member (Mr. Bagot) had charged his hon. friend the Attorney-General with a breach of confidence, when he mentioned the fact that previous to this motion being tabled the hon. mover had expressed his willingness to jom the Ministry . Why, this occurred some five weeks ago, and instead of it being, as asserted by the hon. member for Light, a breach of confidence on tlie part of his hon. fnend, the matter was one of public notoriety. It was well known that the hon. member for Gumeracha was willing to join the Ministry. It was no matter of confidence at all. Why, the press had Dublished tbe lact throughout the length and breadih of' the land. The hon. member hau not the least objection to jein at the time stated- to row in the same boat with them, and to take pot luck, as »t had been cailed, and to forgive and forget all the disagreeable things that had passed. This was no secret ; the whole matter had been explained at a meeting of the membf re of that House' which had been called together by the Hon. Mr. Waterhouse and himself, and when the questions were put to hon. members as to whom they would have confidence in. It was well known that the hon. member had no confidence in himself and the hon. Attorney- General now, but he had ? a week or two ago : and what had come over the hon. member's dream? Why, it happened that the Government had unfortunately disagreed with one or two hon members, who had generally been their supporters, and so tbe horn, member says now is a capital time to slip into their seats. Before this the hon. member Lad beeu perfectly friendly. Why, he had complimented him upon bavin' held the reins of Government for nearly two sessions He had complimented him on his return to his seat Tci-enHy, auil lie (the Treasurer) had felt proud of that compliment, and at that time the hon. member knew all about the saisry question. It was said that the hon. mem ber had found that matter out 'Well, he certainly wished the hon. member had come forward before and mentioned the subject, as it would perhaps have saved them all this unpleasantness. (Hear.) He must, say that the hen. member for the Burrs and Clare (Mr. Dale) had scted in a far more manly and straightforward way than the hon. member. That hon. member had boldly stated that he had asked him (the Treasurer) for private information upen 1 lie subject. A question had been put and answered, and I'.e thruoiit that the coursetaken by the hon. member in bricrfnl forward this matter as an argu ment in the present occasion was most unmanly, and he was surprised at hon. mem'-ers having anv regard for honor and respectability coming forwura and acting in this way. He h&d; now been for £0 yrars res idtnt in this colony, and he wonld defy any man to say that he iiad ever done one dishonorable action, and then for the hon. member to come down with a motion of this kind at the end of the session, for the sake of profit and of power, with the prospect of a long- recess looming before them— (laughter)— to come done in this way was he thought far from manly. They knewthat they could not be called to account during that recess for any action which they might take or for any policy they might enunciate, and the House might rest assured they would not bring forward any policy before the recess. Now about the salary question, which he might as well finish with at once. He had had tbe honor to form a Ministry in l--6--, and tbe Government had on that occasion promised to introduce a Bill to alter the Ministerial salaries. They had done so, and the Bill was carried by a large majority, and afterwards thrown out in the legislative Council ; and what had been the result on that occasion, and what did tha Government do? His hon. friend the Chief Secretary had been twitted with enacting a larce in the other branch of the Legislature —{laughter) — and as he did not like to be accused of snch a thing, he had at once said that he would draw his salary at the rate of .£880 a year, and return the rest to the Trrasury. This he had agreed in, and they had done so. (Hear) They had coDtinuid this practice until the lion. John Morphett joined the Ministry, snd teat hon. gentleman had fallen in with the suggestion, and agreed to do the same. They had, however, always drawn the full amounts. (Hear.) They were bound to taw the full amounts, and then to intimate to the. Treasurer that they would pay back the balance. The hon. member for Gnmeracha had been bound during the short time he was in office to draw the salary at the rates fixed by the Constitution Act, and it did not appear in the case of that ministry that the balance had as yet all been paid back. iLaughter.) He believed that the hon. membei (Mr. Milne) was one of those who had talked about the alteration by the Ministry of the amounts of their salaries as a foolish practice, and he had informed him that he meant to bring the matter forward in the House. ('No,' from Mr. Milne.) Well, the hon. member said No, but he (the Treasurer) remembered saying to him under the window on his left hand, ' Well, sir, if you do bring this matter forward you must not forget that the present Slinistry have paid back nearly .£800 of their salaries, and that sum ou^ut to be paid back to them. ('No' from Mr. Milne,) It was alto gether a voluntary ofiering- on tne part ot tne Ministry to return a part of their salaries ; there had been no expression of opinion on the part of the House. (Oh.) There had been no eng8-*cmei!t made that the salaries should continue to be returnecL (Oh.) The hon. member for Onkaparinga said 'oh;' the hon. member might cry 'oh' it he had a sore place, but what he, the Treasurer, had stated was the fact. The hon. member for Burra and Clare had, as he had already stated, asked him for information on the subject, admitting that it was a. diffi cult thing for the Government to introduce. Those who had themselves been in office would know that it was scarcely a matter for the Government to bring forward. Hon. mem bers of the Government scarce knew what course to pursue. They did know that once the money was paia iato the Treasury, it was a difficult matter to get it out again. (Laughter.) They knew that if they once paid these amounts in they would have to give special authority to obtain its payment back again. (Laughter and hear.) And, therefore, though the hon. the Chief Secretary had been ready at any time to pay the amounts into the Treasury, he (the Treasurer) saw that it would be better and more convenient that tbe matter should remain in abeyance until it was settled, and he had therefore requested the Chief Secretary to allow the matter to remain over until the action of the House was taken upon the question. No doubt this was thought by the hon. member for Onkaparinga a very disgraceful thing, but as they differed in opinion on other matters besides that, he did not much care for that (Hear.) The hon. member, Sir. Bagot, had sDoken in reference to the trimming policy of the Government, and had said that they wished to trim their sails to the wind of popular opinion in relerence to the Boothby question. Now he waE not accustomed to trim his sails to the wind at any time. (Laughter, and 'oil !' from Mr. Townsend.) Well, hon. members might say ' oh !' bEt he repeated that he had not exercised a trimming policy upon that occasion. He had said distinctly what the Ministry would do, and they had done it He had been bound to take a certain course on that occasion, although he knew thst by doing so he might be thrown out, without the cbauce of ever returning to his seat. (Hear.) So far Irotn be;i;tf anxious for profit and for place on that occasion, he hfcd kiibwu what would be the result of his taking the course which he did. He knew that he would be thrown out of office, and that he would be unable to form another Ministry. This was the position in reference to this question. No doubt, however, the Uoo. member had spoken superficially on the subject and without consideration, and when he had heard him mistaking the ghost of Hamlet's father for the ghost of Hauiiet hiinseli — (laughter)— no doubt they might believe that the hon. member was equally mistaken when he stated that he had been behind the scenes, and that the Ministry were using a trimming policy upon this question. (Laughter.) Tiien there was the question of Ministerial equality. Well, he considered tnat wnen tney stated mat roe salaries ot Ministers were equalised, and that each had an equal voice in the Cabinet, he imagined that was Ministerial equality. (Hear, hear.) Of course the Chief Secretary had a constitu tional power vested in him which could not be in any way interfered with. Hedidnot, however, profess to have so far studied constitutional law as to be able to speak so positively npon those points as some hon. members. He was exceedingly sorry that in bringing forward this motion tbe hon. member bad found it necessary to take notice of so trivial a matter as tbe case in reference to Dr. Blue, of Strathalbyn. (Hear.) He might state, however, that Mr. Kricha-ffhad written to him upon the subject reminding jiim that it was he and not Dr. Blue who had made the statement in reference to an advance to the District Council of Strathalbyn, in order to enable them to caiploy surplus labor on the works in that district He had had the pleasure of forwarding that letter to Dr. Blue, otherwise he should have produced it in the House, and no doubt it weald have been quite satisfactory upon that poiut. He had mentioned the name of Dr. Blue, because he had hap pened to be at Strathalbyn and had seen both gentlemen within a short time of each other, and therefore it was not wonderful that he should confound the two together. (Oh, find hear.) And now, in reference to the hon, member, Mr. Dutton's. remarks on a letter signed 'Martin, Gaedechens, and Co.,' which had appeared iu the public journals. He thought the remarks of the hon. member only tended to enow more clearly how evasive tliat letter was. He must say on the very face of the letter referred to, that he thought Mr. Fuller was interested with Messrs. Martin, Gaedechens, and Co. in that tender, and he believed the hon. member (Mr. Solomon) in the other House would not go on with his motion for a Select Committee on that day, for tlie simple reason that he could not obtain from Sir. Martin or any member of the firm a disclaimer that there was no collision between the two parties. (Hear.) He (tbe Treasurer)also thought it a sti ange thins that Mr. ilountjoy, us welias Messrs Martin and Co., had not entered a dis claimer. But no. Mr. Muuntjoy was a brother-in-law, or eome such relation to Mr. Fuller, and it would scarcely have done for him to put in a disclaimer in this matter. He (tbe Treasurer) had ii from the Manager of Railways nimself, and the statement was made in the presence of*the Commissioner of Public WorKs, tn;it Sir. fuller was interested iu both those contracts, and lie (the Treasurer) believed further, that if a Select Committee had been appointed to enquire into this matter, it would have been proved that this was the case. True, Mr. Martin had said that he had no interest in any tender but that wh ch he had sent in, bnt would tie say that Mr. Fullei was not interested in that tender ? No, he would not. He looked upon the whole affair as a conspiracy toroband deprive the puolic of from .£2,000 to £3.00, a year. (No, no.) That was tt_e only light in which he could put it. The hon. mover had told the House that he thought the Treasurer could have no objection to the coarse taken, bacause lie had always said that he liked a straightforward honest John Bull course. He said this was true, and the hon. member bad taken an open course, and had tabled a motion of want of confidence, and they (the Government) joined issue with him. He said nothing about the unfairness of the question; but let them see what a large amount of time the lion, member had given the Ministry to rally their forces and to consider the mutter. The hon. member had given no tice on Wednesday that be should bring this question forward on Friday. (Laughter.) Well, he certainly must say that the hon. member hid adopted a much more manly and open course thau the hon. member (3Ir. Finniss), who had come forward on the salaries question, and given notice on Thursday that he should move a notice conveying a want of confidence in the Ministry on the Friday, lie did not like this ; he thought tins was not a fair and open course. Had it not beeu for ibe conduct of the hon. the Speaker on Friday last —which was no doubt fully appreciated by the House and the country — (laughter) — the Speaker had acted with fairness and equity as he always did, and had performed an act of justice to the Government aud thecountiv — the Question miu-tit then imvn been decided against them. The hou. mover had given them, as he had said, a vast amount of time to answer so serious a charge, and he thanked the hou. member for his consideration. (Laughter.) The hon. member Had given them two days' notice of sentence of death. Why, an ordinary culprit would receive longer notice tlian that of hia approaching- latter end— (laughter) -aud yet they had- only two days' notice of their approaching Ministerial end. (Laughter.) He had been surprised also at the cry of '-divide' made by the hon. member for the Barra and Clare, Mr. Kingston, who seemed most anxious to stop dis cussion upon this question. It was clear the hon. member did not observe much the rules of lair play. He (the Treasurer) was glad the hon, member was not now in the position which he had previously occupied, or they mi'1it not Save bad fair play extended to them, on Friday last (if ear.) -He should very inuch .like to discern why so much eagerness had been displayed by tbe hon. member to obtain the correspondence in re the railway contract and Fuller and Co The lion, member had tabled a notice asking for this correspondence before even the eorrrespondence was closed. /Do 1 It would be seen that the notice was given on the 12th iust Why, the last letter of Mr. Fuller was only written oa that day, and the reply was dated the 13th. He thoushttherewasastrangeeagernessexhibitedinthis. Then what was the meaning of the statement of the hon. mover that he had had frequent business connections with ilr. Waller? Be thought it was necessary that the hon. member ahould explain this -(oh)-aLdhenopedhe would do sobefore Se discussion closed. He ma not Know what , was the inesnin^ of the expression ; fornotwtfhstanding the rumor Swot that itfie hon. member had been connected with pe Say contract-(oh, ohj-he the Treasurer did not mean to charge the hon. member with being actually con nected with the contract ; but he thought, considering the hon. member's remarks, that he had had lrequent business connections with Mr. Fuller. Tlie matter, at least, was somewhat significant, and required explanation. (Hear.) He thought it might possibly mean that the hon. member was an executor or a trustee, or something of that kind, in Fuller's estate, and as such he was only anxious to see that a man like Mr. Fuller — a business man like Fuller — and an industrious and clever man like Fuller, should get the contract. Hon. members would see that it was all Fuller— Fuller from beginning to end— all Fuller. (Laughter.) Fuller was a good bnsiness man, and the hon. member wished Fuller to nave the con tract, and not Fuller and Co. The hon. member for Barossa had said that he did not think the Government could do the work, they hadn't got the proper kind of shunting horses. (Laughter.) Then the hon. member for Onka paringa thought the Government could do it; the hon. member knew a great deal about it. The hon. member was versed not only^in the lights and shades —(laughter)— but about the substantial part of the business also, and the hon. member bad seen lots of drays. The Government could therefore have no difficulty in carry ing on themselves, but it happened it was not only drays they wanted, it was horses— horses trained to shunting, aud he believed it would be borne out that no one but the firm of Fuller and Co. had got such horses. Tbe hon. member had, however, seen the drays, but not the horses. Kow, the hon. member, Sir. Glyde, and the hon. member ft-r;Bsros8a, had blamed the G overnmeut for not seeking pri vate tenders from Messrs. Fuller fc Co., and they argued that it came to this— that in asking Mr. Hill to tender privately they bad given him an advantage which they ought to have given to Mr. Fuller. They were told they should have given the publican opportunity of tendering- again. -Hear, hear.) Jfow, tbe Government said that the three tenders they re ceived were all from the same party. Mr. Fuller knew full well that the only tender received in reply to the first ad vertisement was from Mr. Hoyt, of Melbourne; and when the second advertisement was issued Mr. Fuller knew also that Mr. Hoyt had removed his plant to New Zealand, and was consequently out of the market. If the Government had not accepted Mr. Hill's tender, what would have been the result ? Why, if only one day's delay had been given to enable Mr. Fuller to make a fresh tender, he would probably have made terras with Hill; that gentleman might have with drawn his tender, and, as the hou. member for Mount Barker had said, the Government would have been again at Mr. Fuller's mercy, inasmuch as the hon. member, Mr. Duffield, had declared tbe Government could- sot do the work themselves. The hon. member, Mr. A. BIyth, had said that Mr. Fuller always caused difficulties to a Ministry, and he (the Treasurer) had once resigned the Public Works department because he thought the Government were then playing too much into Mr. Fuller's hands. (Hear, hear.) He would admit that Mr. Fuller was a good business man, and he had no wish to say otherwise. He thought it was a tuercy to the public that Mr. Fuller had disagreed with his partners ; bnt he would not apply the old adage that when certain persons fell ont honest men came by their own. Oh.) He would not apply that adage. (Shame.) Some non. memVier called ' shame,' but what had he said? Why, that although there was a principle in the adage, he would not apply its language to Mr. Fuller, for he did not think he deserved it But it was well the firm fell out, be cause the public saved £2,200 per annum by it ; and as the traffic increased, it might be that the saving -would £3,000 or even .£5.000. It was said the Government were wrong to accept Hill's tender as they did. (Hear, hear.) Now the facts were, that on the 6th of November Messrs Fuller sent in an amended contract for four years instead of seven ; Mr. Hill sent in his tender at the lower rates, and the Government accepted the best offer. It was said, why did not the Government give the firm of Fuller & Co. another opportunity to tender. Why, Hill represented Mr. Mills, also, the other partner, and therefore he repre sented two-thirds of the firm, two-thirds of the plant, and he presumed two-thirds the capital— (no) -and it was only Mr. Fuller, who represented no one but himself, the minor portion of tiie firm, who was dissatisfied. (Hear, hear.) He had been struck with the manner in which the hon. member Mr. BIyth read Mr. Hill's letter to the Govern ment, and with the contemptuous expression upon the bon. member's speech, as he read it. The hou. member would not now say that Mr. Fuller was one of the most honour able and straightforward men that South Australia could produce. Ob, no ! bnt when the hon. member read the letter, he would have implied that Mr. Hill was not such a man. (' Hear,' from Mr. Duffield.) He was pleased to hear that cheer from the hen. member for Baiossa, for it now came to this:— Oa the Saturday before the public holiday, on the occasion of the Prince of Wales's birthday. Mr. Fuller went to tbe Manager of Railways, to get him to induce Mr Hill to purchase Fuller's portion of the plant. It ap peared that Mr. Hare did interest himself in the matter. Fuller wanted £s,'00 for his plant, holding, as it appeared, one-third. It appeared also that Hill dtf not like to give £5,000 for it, but that he had engaged to give £4,500 although he believed it to be worth only £4,000. Hill had agreed to give tlie £4,500 because Fuller appeared to be aggrieved, and the £600 was a kind of peace offering. Probably Fuller thought Hill could not curry out the contract without this plant However, Hill did agree afterwards to give the £5,000, and paid down .£1,(00 to Fuller on the Saturday morning, and Fuller promised to help Will with the contract. Now it might have been supposed that Mr. Fuller, this straightforward and high-minded man, would have ended the matter here; but no. Before 8 o'clock on the following Monday morning Fuller sent a gentleman to him (the Treasurer) to say he had sold the plant, and to ask whether the Government would enter into a private contract with him to do the work. (Sen sation.) That was the high-minded and honorable man who appeared to be such a close friend of the hon. member, Mr. A. BIyth. This condnct of i?uUer's was one of the most disgraceful actions he had ever heard of. He was surnrised at the nroDcsition made to him. and referred the gentleman to the Commissioner of Public Works. It appeared, however, that Fuller, this shrewd man of business, had been outwitted in the matter, and no deubt he was annoyed ; and no doubt the hon. members Mr. BIyth and Mr. DutSeld felt a deep interest in the matter. Bnt would these hon. members state now that the Government had done wrong in this ? He was sure the hon. member Mr. BIyth had himself three years ag-o, when in office, made private arrangements with Mr. Fuller for the con tract after he had advertised it. (Hear, hear.) Th s afl'air was one of the best things that could have happened, because the-publie were benefitted. If the Government had accepted Fuller & Co's tender therc woold indeed have betn grounds for this motion, but haviijg by a straightforward course saved the community £2 200 per annum, were the Government to be censured for that ? (Cheprs.) This whole movement was made merely that the Government might go out and others come in iu their places. Then the Immigration question, and the Salaries question— which one of the Press had described as growing small by degrees and beautifully less -had been revived. The hon. member (Mr. Townseud) had said that this had been a very barren sessioD. (Hear), He would not dispute that there had been more discussion than usual, and on the authority of the hon. member he would say thai ' speeches of unusual power had been made.' cLanghter). Speeches of unusual feebleness had been made also, and be would not have much difficulty in proving the two qualities combined in the speeches of one individual. (Laughter and hear, hear). There had been an unusually protracted discussion on the estimatis, and although the hon. member, Mr. Townsend, in his speech on Friday had only been able to recollect, or, at any rate, to enumerate four important measures that had beeu passed during- the session, he could tell him that no less than 21 such measures ? (hear) — had been passed. The hon. member could some times exercise great efforts of memory, bat he had not done so in this instance. Of course he did not allude to the hon. member's Lights and Shadows, for sometimes the hon. mem ber grasped only the shadow. (Laughter, and hear.) It was not unlikely the hon. member's obliviousness on the occasion arose from a temporary aberration of his mighty intellect— (laughter)— for he had noticed at the tune an unusual wildness of expression on his countenance. (Laughter.) Besides these 22 measures they had had three Ministerial crises, four attempts to produce others, and several prolonged debates. There was the great Boothby question whicn had disturbed the equanimity of the hon. member — (laughter)— and the harmony of many happy combinations in the House and out of it. The session had certainly not been barren of a great deal of banter, strife, and struggling for office, and having got through so much as they had, was, he thought, a very fair amount of work. -(IIear.) The hon. member (Mr. Townsend) had lost all at once the great confidence he had until within the hist few months reposed in him i the Treasurer). He was sorry for that, because of course it must always be the wish of every one in his position, to retain, if possible, the confidence of every member of the House. But the hon. member had said that he (the Treasurer) was not fit to lead in that House— that he had not that mighty in tellect that was required for a leader to enable him to grasp tbe great subjects that would arise. He would say that he did net pretend to lead the House, and it was merely by the courtesy and forbearance of hon. members that he has re tained that position for nearly two sessions. He might say that the struggles during the present session had been severe. They had tried his energies and judgment, and they would have tried the energies and judgment of any man placed in the position he had occupied. Now if the House thought the hon. member (Mr. Townsend) possessed that great grasp of intellect and that ponderous mind that would qualify a man to lend in the Legislature— to become a great statesman, and to exercise the powers of a Palmerston, a Derby, a Disraeli, or a Russell, lie would be very happy to retire from his position in the hon. member's favor, but that must be on the one condition— that the House and the country agreed to it. (Cheers and laughter.) If at that period of the session the Government were called on to retire so let it be. He could say a good deal about the straggle for place on the part of some hon. members, but be would admit that a seat in the Government was a fair and laudable ambition for any man who thought he h&d; the ability to serve his country well, and under ordinary circumstances such a man ought to have a trial. If this was the begin ning of the session, he would say by all means let the hon. member Mr. 1 ownsend have a trial, and lead the House in connection with the Hon. member tor Uumeracha. Bnt he did not like the idea at the present moment of letting liim slip in when all the work was done. No doubt for the next five months the hon. member would not mind the place even at £800 per annum. The hon. member Mr. Townsend had said that he (the Treasurer) would do anything for office ; more, indeed, than any other man in the House. (?' Hear,' from Mr. Townsend.) ' Hear,' said the hon. member ; but he used to compliment him (the Treasurer) upon not dis playing an eagerness for office. The hon. member could not Bay that he (the Treasurer) had never been asked to take office, but he might say that he had four times refused such a request. (Hear.) Nor could the hon. member charge him with ever having asked to be allowed to join a Ministry. He (tbe Treasurer) eould say that he had never done that, but could the hon. member, Mr. Townsend, say so? (Oh. oh, and cheers.) He would like to hear the hon. member's disclaimer if he had one to offer. He would have liked to have heard a 'No,' bnt as he did not he would only say that the hon. member could not charge him (the Treasurer J with havingdone so. He could go further, but he would not. (Goon.) No; he would spare the hon. member for that once ; IGr if they were to have another exciting debate he would really be afraid of the hon. member— (laughter)— he would tremble for his mighty intellect— (loud laughter) —and lest that should be seriously affected he would spare him now. Before sitting down he had one remark to offer respecting- the hon. member, Mr. Baffot. He was sorry his hon. colleague, the Commissioner of Public Works, had said what he had respecting- the hon. member's acceptance of office as Com missioner of Crown Lands in a former Ministry. His hon. colleague was not, perhaps, aware that he (the Treasurer) bad repeatedly solicited the hon. member to join that Ministry, although he could not from previous arrangements offer him the Attorney- Generalship, aud that eventually the bon. member consented to accept tbe Commissionership of Crown Lands from personal friendship to him (the Trea surer). (Cheers.) He sincerely hoped that the fact of the hon. member having done so would not be in any way detrimental to him, and he had been sorry that recent ministerial changes had compelled him to forfeit the services of an old friend and colleague. (Hear, hear.) He would only say in conclu sion that if the Government had lost the confidence of the House they would be prepared to bow to its decision, but he could not say what would follow. (Hear, hear.) Sir. MILNE said he must compliment the Treasurer upon the recovery of his good spirits, for if ever there had been a. man bowed down with anxiety and terror it was the Trea surer, ou Friday last. (Laughter.) To-day his air had been happy, and he had tickled the gallery and the House. The Treasurer thought he was safe now, aud could afford to laugh at what iiad been a danger on Friday. He cjuld say a great deal about the style in which the Treasurer had addressed the House, but he would leave it to tliehoii. g-eutle man's own good judgment to say if that style was a fitting one. Instead of meeting the case as he ought to have doue, he had indulged in personal reflections, and raked up slander against persons in and out of the House. Tne manner in which the hon. gentleman dwelt upon the remarks of tlie hon. member, Mr. A. BIyth, was unworthy of him, for he had not had the boldness or honesty to say anything outright, but bad confined -himself to inuendoes. lie was sure tbe course followed oy the hon. member (Mr. BIyth) was entirely owing to his desire to see justice done to all parties. He could not help alluding- to the speech of the bon. mem ber (Mr. Dutton). He had been sorry to hear that hou. member address the House as he had done, for he had expected from him a decided course one way or the other. The hon. member took special credit to himself for the action he took on Friday, but judging from a conversation he had heard between the hon. member and ihe hon. member Mr. A. BIyth, he thought the hon. member was not justified in taking that course. Now, as to the manner the motion had been dwelt on. It appeared that as with the man who w receivinga flogging, flog high or flog low, they cjiiM i.-« pit-use every one. He could not help saying a word or two about the conduct of the Treasurer on the salaries question. He thought the Treasurer was indebted for his position to the course he took originally with reference to that ques on. Bnt unknown to tbe House and to his colleagues, and in distinct breach of faith with the House, he had drawn the fallsalary from the commencement of the present financial year. The hon. mem ber (Mr. BIyth) had been called to order for calling this dishonest action, but it was certainly a breach of faith, and would reflect anything but credit on the Treasurer. (Hear, hear.) It was not a motion of £ s. d., but of principle. The Treasurer's policy had been to trim his sails to the popular breeze. If he could cause the Treasurer to do penance in opposition, for a certain time, for his conduct in thia matter, he would gladly do so. (Ironical cheers.) When the hon. member, Mr. Finniss, introduced the subject, only two hon. members had the hardihood to attempt to excuse the Treasurer's conduct. One of them, Mr. Magarey, Eaid it was only a matter of a few pounds ; and the otuer, Mr. McEllister, asked why they should take so much notice of such a matter. The hon. member appeared to be surprised that so much notice should be taken of a sheriff's officer, but he was afraid some other persons would not think with the hon. member. He had to complain that they had had no distinct policy from the Treasurer. They were twitted with the discordant ele ments of the opposition, but that only proved that the Go vernment had lost the confidence of all parties. As to the matter of the goods contract, the Treasurer had done no thing but abuse Mr. Fnller and the hon. member Mr. A. BIyth. (No.no.) The hon. memberfor Gumeracha said 'no,' but when the Slinistry took their seatB what -lid he say? Why, when congratulating them upon their return to office, he said he hoped they would not bring forward measures merely to retain office, but for the good of the country. The hon. member knew their faults better tJian anyone else, no doubt, and had, therefore given them that advice. The Government had no business to tiy and bring dissension between parties. It was their duty to do everything openly and by tender. If the work was so large that it was not largely tendered for, why could they not have divided the contract, and have had one for the city one for the Port, and one for Kapunda. ? The country would not thank the Government tor their petty attempt to save money, and as yet they had not taken the course of action that would enable them to say whether any money would be saved or not He had no terms of contempt strong enough to characterise their huckstering policy in this matter. And then, in refe rence to the question of immigration, he thought that the credit of consistency ot conduct rested more with the hon. member (Mr. Dale) than with the hon. member (Mr. Cole). The hon. member (Mr. Dale) stated that he would vote against the Government, beesuse he knew that tbey were edged to bring in some system of immigration, and either x- put a sum of money on the Estimates or to take a vote for that special object. (No.) Well, he should be happy to hear adisclaimer from that side ot the House, but he thought that the House understood that the Government were pledged to propose some system of immigration to the louse. (Hear). The hon. member (Mr. Dale) had voted against the Government because they were in favor of im migration, and if a new Government went in, of course the hon. member would have to see that his ideas were better represented. The Treasurer had lately informed the House that the Ministry were on an equal tooting, and that there was no premiership. No doubt the feeling against having a responsible head to the Ministry originated in a miserable jealousy against having any one in a superior posi tion. And thus hon. members wished to drag every one down to their own level. He thought however that there must be a supreme head, and if this was not so then the Ministry was incomplete. The Chief Secretary was by the Constitution Act the head of the Ministry, and the next in rank only was the next after a considerable interval. (Hear.) No doubt it was right that Ministers should be put on an equal footing of fairness, but the Chief Secretary was the head of the Cabinet, and it was for him to say whether they should carry on or not. He beliered that the Govern ment in altering the plan laid down had tampered with the Constitution Act. With these remarks he should support the motion. Mr. (38.UNDY '.would not dwell long upon the topics which had been so well handled by other hon. members ; he would, however, give some reasons for the vote which he intended to give on that occasion. He thought the motion before the House might have been of long and even silent growth. In the question in reference to the Ways and Means, he had been surprised at the remarks which the Treasurer had made. He thought that they were strange remarks, coming as they did from a minister of State, about the imports and exports of the province. The Treasurer had referred to hia (Sir. Grundy's) speech on that occasion as a telling and thrilling speecli. (Oh ! ) He did not think It was— (hear)— because he had intended the points to tell quite the other way. It was the conduct of the Ministry on that occasion that was the beginning with him of a feeling cf want of confidence. In reference to the question of immigration, he might say that when that question was mooted he had received an anonymous letter, which, in the innocence of his heart he had shown to the Treasurer. He did not know that after leading his supporters on for a time the hon. member was going to turn round and throw them overboard, and make fools of them. Then, on the Boothby question, the speech of the Treasurer, it would be remembered, on the 2nd October, was almost directly at variance with his speech on a previous occa sion ; and were the circumstances connected with that ease likely to lessen the feeling of want of confidence? He thought not. And then, again, without any intimation of a treaty from the Secretary of State, and without any call from the public, the Treasurer had come down npon them with that detestable Chinese Bill. He had seen, however, through that measure, and he con sidered it wis only a blind to stave off European immigra tion. (No.) He thought that was an act likely to lessen confidence in the Ministry. They would all remember how he had given a philippic to the Treasurer on the salary question, but he had voted for them on that occasion, because he thought they should give them mother trial, but he never thought they were to draw the amounts under the Constitution Act, and then equalise the whole as they were doing. [The hon. member here quoted the figures from the Constitution Act and gave the division. 1 He thought that was not a matter that would redound to their credit. Then there was the disgraceful persecution of Sir. Woods. The Government had been put to considerable loss by their action in that matter, and he wonld ask was that not a case to weaken confidence in the Ministry. He had always wished to see the Treasurer in power. He believed he was a good working man, but he now saw all his faults. And now in reference to the subject of immigra tion. He Iiad been glad to see the Treasurer on the same Bide of the House, but he declared he would rather have seen him on the other side against him. He had never been so surprised at anything as to see the Government vote as they had done on this question. The Treasurer had called him erratic. Yes, he would vote against him when wrong — for him when right — was that erratic ? (Laughter.) Let them look at the words of the hon. member, Mr. Coglin, who was usually a staunch supporter of the Ministry, on this question in reference to the contracts. The hon. mem ber felt constrained to vote against the Ministry on this occasiou. (Hear.) In respect to the statements in reference to Mr. Fuller, he might say that he had himself gone to Mr. Fuller, and told him his name was Grundy. (Laughter.) Of course he imagined tbe hon. member would know that he meant Grundy from Barossa — (laughter)— and he had asked that geutleman the circumstances, of the case, and also for copies of the correspondence, with which he had kindly supplied him. From, those documents he believed that Mr. Fuller had been most unfairly treated, to the damage and loss of the public revenue. It had been said that Mr. Hill was the owner of two thirds of the railway plant, but the fact was nothing of tha kiu-i. Tiiere were three partners. Messrs. Fuller, liill, and Mills, and each held oue third, and — he did not know whether the statement would be believed after that of the Commissioner of Public Works — the whole of the capital belonged to Fuller, and the other partners were even paying interest for the use of it. As to the purchase of Mills's third by Hill he could only say, on the authority of Messrs. Fuller and Mills, that the ouly offer ever made was by Mr. Mills to buy Mr. Hill's third, but the offer had not been accepted, and the matter had dropped. There was a statement made by one of the younger members of the Cabinet— (he should touch upon ail those young gentlemen shortly) -(laughter)— to the effect that Messrs. Fuller & Co. were beggars before they they took the contract ? The COMMISSIONER OF PUBLIC WORKS rose to order. As he was the member referred to he might say that he never made any such Btatemeut. He had said that before they took that contract he had seen Mr. Fuller work ing as a man ought to do on the Port-road Mr. GRUNDT continued. He understood the hon. member to insinuate that Mr. Fuller had made all his money by the railway contract, but if the hon. member had enquired he would have found that £8,000 worth of title deeds were deposited with the Government by Mr. Fuller as security for the due performance of the contract. He was a pretty Com missioner of Public Works if he did not know this. (Laughter.) The hon. member, Mr. Hay, had given a very amusing account of the endeavours which had been made, first, to bring Messrs. Fuller and him together, then to bring Messrs. Fuller & Hill together, and lastly, to get Mr. Hare to exercise his inse nuity to see whether tne government could a/|t carry on the contract themselves. He could not, for one, hope for any good results by the Government undertaking the rail way business. He had had a good deal of experience in works undertaken by Government, and he remembered before he left England visiting the Plymouth Dockyards. He entered into conversation there with a very intelligent man iu the yard, who pointed to a common ship's block, saying, 'that cost the Government 7s. 6d. Had it been made by other parties it would have cost about 2s. 6d.' He thought it would be somewhat the same with the railway contract. The hon. the Treasurer had referred to the letter and contract of Messrs. Martin, Gadechens, & Co., and had told the House in terms of indignation that they were parties with Messrs. Fuller & Co. Instead of these young gentlemen on the Trea sury Benches defending themselves as they should have done, they sought to impugn their supposed successors. Never had such a set of speeches as theirs been listened to, A great oeai uao. oeen saia auoui. mose wuo naa louea tnrougo. the. session being entitled to the repose of the recess. But how many of them had toiled in this manner? What had the Attorney-General done, and was the Commissioner of Public Works one of those who had toiled through the session ? Why, with all his toil the Commissioner of Public Works bad been unable to tell him (Mr. Grundy) the other day what wages men employed by his own de partment were receiving, and what were their working hours. Individually he had a great deal of respect for the young gentleman, and believed he was a Jolly good fellow. (Laugh ter.) But there was no doubt his appointment was owing to the influence of hi3 brother clubbist in the Ministry. The hon. member had not only brought none of the necessary ability, but a great deal of self-conceit to the office, or he would not have spoken of the hon. member, Mr. Bagot, in the way he did the other day. He had really been ashamed of the hon. member's impertinence. (Laughter.) With respect to the Commissioner of Crown Lands, who popped about from one office to another — any were acceptable to him, which had £960 per annum attached to them — he would say a word or two respecting the manner in which he conducted his office. There was such a peculiar mental idiosyncrasy about the young man that he would be doing him an injury if he did not give him a dressing-. (A laugh.) The hon. mem ber went on to describe the manner in which (as he was in formed) the hon. Commissioner had treated gentlemen who had called at his of&ce; to see him, and said he had only been there once himself, and then he got away as quickly as he could. He did not know what the young gentleman pre sumed upon -perhaps it was upon his patrician descent ; but his pedigree, good as it was, might be, aa one baronet once said of the pedigree of another, like a potato garden, all that was good of it under the ground. (Loud laughter.) The hon. gentleman might, if he would take this hint, y^t shine as a constellation iu that House; but he could asBure him he bad never made a greater mistake than when he had imagined be was amusing the House the other evening when he wa3 talking against time, and so anxiously looking to the door for the return of the messenger from Morphett Vale. He would tell the Attorney-General, whose speech of the other day he had heard spoken of as an excellent piece of nisi prius pleading, that sarcasm was not sound sense ? that mere art was not necessarily connected with wisdom, and that hard words were generally found in connection with soit arguments. They had been threatened with a dissolution, but he was convinced that bis Excellency knew a great deal better than to dissolve the House at the eleventh hour of his vice- royalty. If the House was dissolved, bis hon. col league and himself would stand again for Barossa with out much trepidation for the result, and certainly with less chance of being burnt in effigy than the Treasurer would stand at bis next election.. Tlie young men on the Treasury Benches had told them that no other Ministry coma oe jormea. uia Tney mean to say that tne upper House could afford no substitute for the present Cuief Secretary* Would not Mr. Davenport Mr. Forater, Ilr. Barrow, Sir. Ayerg, or Mr. Morphett, fill the post with equal creek ?— he would say nothing of the men iu that ChamOer, whose hair bad been silvered with the lapse of time. But it was presuming to see five men whose united ages would not amount to tlie united years of any five men iu the Cabinet of Great Britain, come forward and tell them that no otlier Ministry could be formed. 1'ne hon. member (Mr. BIyth) had been taxed with a desire to oust this Ministry to make way for one of which he was to be the bead, but he was sure thU charge was unfounded. On the contrary, the hon. member had assured him that if the motion was carried and he was -sent for by His Excel lency, he would convene a meeting in the library of the members comprising the majority, and submit to them the formation ofa new administration. He noticed that one of the Northern papers had said that he was likely to receive Go vernment employment shortly, lie wished to say distinctly that he had no pretensions to any place of emolument what ever. Certainly he could devote a great deal of time and [enthusiasm to the public service, and as hi was i not a domestic man, he could even consume the midnight oil in that cause when domestic men were I otherwise engaged — (loud laughter)— but he contradicted the rumor in this way, lest it might be supposed he was in any way interested in the vote he was about to give. Hehadbeen I highly amused with some of the remarks they had heard about struggles for power. Had hon. members forgotten the drama of Morphett Vale? (Laughter.) Ob 1 if he had the powers of a dramatist, what a drama he could found on that episode of Morphett Vale, and of the Commissioner of Crown Lands talking against time until the return of the coach aud four, and then how that eminent Roscius of the Southern Hemi3XJbere, Mr. Robert Heir, could give effect to such a scene. (Laughter.) Mr. SUTHKELAND said that was an important question for tlie consideration of all the hon. members of the House who had been iu the habit of supporting the Government, and they should take into consideration why it was that so many had voted against them after so much and such lonz continued support as they had given them. What was the reason so many of the independent members of the House were against the Government? The reasons had been already so fully stated that he need not go over them again, but they had been accumulating for some time past. He was sorry the Treasurer was not there to answer a question which he bad to put vVhy was it that he tabled a motion as Thomas Reynold and not aa the Treasurer? Why, because the Ministry could turn round and say that it was a crotchet of the Treasurer's own, and the Ministry were not responsible. No Chancellor of the Exchequer at home could venture to do such a thino- in bringing- forward his Ways and Means. It was placing tlie Ministry and tue Government and the House in a false position1. Did the Treasurer do that and say the Government had nothing to do with it. placing- it ou his own responsibility ? By the same rule the Commissioner of Public Works or the Com missioner of Crown '.Lands might do the same thing. Then they would have no responsible Government at all. He was glad to hear the Treasurer mate the explanation he did respecting the hon. member, Mr. Bagot. He would say no more about it, but he was glad to hear it, because the statement he made was not correct ; and because the Treasurer had apologised it did not place the hon. member for Light in a fair position. A great deal had been said about one party and another party taking office recently. They had had a long debate on the word ' situation,' and they could not tell what it meant, but now they knew it meant that on that side of the House the situa tion was very pleasant, and on the other side it was very disagreeable, and gave one the shivers. He would not go again over the question of salaries, the Boothby questijn, &c.; ; they had already been ably stated ; but there had been a gradual accumulation of one matter after another that his confidence in the Ministry was completely shaken. He was before one of the warmest supporters of the Ministry, but now he was brought to the point on the other Fide. He had never asked the Treasurer for anything. The Treasurer sometimes came and asked his advise, aud he always gave it freely and frankly. With regard to the last matter against lhe|Government— Fuller's contract —he would not go over it ; it had beeu debated fully and ahly, but it was true the matter had not been put quite fairly before the House. (Hear, hear.) With regard to contracts, if the power on the part of the Government was recognized to advertise for tenders and afterwards to make private arrangements, it was not the saving just now of £2,200 that should justify it, for i( the principle were recognized they might afterwards lose perhaps £50,000. He would ask would tbe Treasurer consent to tbe Road Board having such a power? (Laughter.) He was a member of thai Board, and so were his hon. friendsthe member for the Burra and Clare(Mr.Kingston), and the member for Barossa (Mr. Duffield) and others, aud there they had everytliing open and above-board. Was the Road Board to follow the example of the Government? Would the Treasurer answer that? f' Hear, hear,' from ilr. Grundy.) If all their large contracts, amounting to £100,000, were to be dealt with in that way, what a door would be open to fraud ! He would not go over the matter any further, but only say that he believed Messrs. Fuller and Co. had not harl fair play. (' Hear, hear,'' from Mr. Grundy.) If they got into that way, as they had done in the other colonies, and as they had done at home, where a£20;),000 or £300,000 a year had been lost, they must remem ber that they were not only Io3ing for the Government, but corrupting the people. (Hear, hear.) He was completely opDosed to the system adopted by the Govern ment, and would vote for the motion. Mr. A. BLTTH, if no other hon. member wished to address the House, would say a few words in reply, and he hoped the House wonld bear with him during the short time he would occupy. He was as anxious as bon. members to see the end of that debate. He was desirous to answer the charges of a personal, grave, and peculiar nature which had been brought against him. He would remind hon. members that in opening the debate he had given the word of warning that no personal matters should be introduced, but some of the members of the Government had done so as regarded him self. The Treasurer, the Commissioner of Public Works, and I he Commissioner of Crown Lands, had dared to come to 1 hat House and give assertion to groundless rumours. He be lieved those rumours had been expressly concocted by someone in connection with the Government for that especial pur pose; but he could not have believed there existed in that House three minds so unclean as to give credence to such statements — (hear, hear)— he would characterise those state ments which had been put forth in that Hoase in the most emphatic and in the strongest language he could make use of; he would apply to tliem what was considered the most disagreeable and offensive term that he could use, and tell those members that the statement was a lie, and he be lieved they knew it to be so, when tbey guve utterance to it. (Sensation.) The SPEAKER said the hon. member was out of order ; he could not allow such language to be made use of in that House. He had waited a moment to hear if any hon. mem ber would call his atteation to so gross a breach of the rules of the House; out as no one naa aone so, ne teit it ms auiy to call the hon. member to order. Mr. A. BLYTH knew he was out of order, and he in tended — The ATTORNEY-GEN BRAL rose to order. The hon. member had confessed that |he knew be was out of order ; he believed it was then his duty to offer an apology to the House. The SPEAKER said most certainly it was, and he should call on the hon. member to apologise. Mr. A. BLYTH was aware that in speaking as he did, he was traveling closely on the borders of order, but he felt indignant when he reflected that those who endeavoured to make out that he was a partner of Messrs. Fuller [& Co. had stated that which had no foundation. If he had given any offence to the House he begged to apologise. The grounds of Messrs. Fuiler's case had not been lairly stated ; he would now en deavor to elucidate them ; he would have no objection to the Government advertising- twice for tenders ; but what he complained of was that they made a private arrangement to induce a lower tender. Suppose Messrs. Acraman, Main, Lindsay, & Co. had tendered instead of Messrs. Martin, Gaedechens, & Co., aud suppose another Government had been in power, what would have been said had a similar transaction have taken place ? He was as anxious as any one for cheapness, but he was equally anxious that cheap ness should be gained iu a more fair, straightforward, and business-like way. He would read, with the permission of the House, a letter which he had received lrom Messrs. Fuller & Co. 'Adelaide Goods Station, November 26, 1861. ' sir ? In the House of Assembly, on Friday last, Mr. Lindsay. Mr. Stow, and Mr. Magarey stated, on the autho rity of Mr. Hare, that Mr. Henry Hill held two-thirds of the plant and capital in the firm, of H. R. Fuller & Co. This statement is totally unfounded, and I shall feel obliged it you will favour me by giving- it the lullest contradiction. ' Mr. Hill does not and never did hold more than one third, and that in the plant and premises only. The capital ie mine only, and neither Mr. Hill nor Mr. Mills have any interest in it whatever. ' Mr. Stow states that he has seen the deed of partner ship of my firm, and he gives his own version of its contents. Now that deed has never been out of my possession for one instant since it was signed. It is therefore impossible that he could have seen it, nor could any person have shown it to him but myself, and that I never did. 'Mr. Lindsay says that Mr. Hill bought me out at the extravagant price of £5,000 for my share in the plant. This plant cost me £5,400, and was not sold to Mr. Hill, but to him and Mr. Mills jointly and the largest portion of the purchase-money is to remain unpaid for three years - viz., £3,000. 'Mi-. Mills was not bought out, as stated; but arrange ments were made for so doing, but they were never com pleted, and he remains now as much a partner in the firm of H. R. Fuller and Co. as he ever was. ' Mr. Lindsay remarks on my sending in my tender just before 12 o'elock. It is customary with many firms who tender to send in their offers at the last moment, in order to prevent them being- in any way considered before the proper time It was not, however, my intention to tender at all, and I only did so at the urgent request of Mr. C. S. Hare. ?' Why such statements as those made by the gentlemen I have referred to were brought forward I cannot conceive ; but I am prepared to prove, by my books and papers if ne cessary, that there is no ground for them. *' If you will make the contents of this letter known in the House |I shall feel much obliged ; as I am anxious that further injustice may not be done to me by allowing such misstatements to go forth uncontradicted. I have pre ferred troubling you ;lnstead of writing to the papers, as I think the proper place to set the matter right is tliat place where the statements I complain of were made. ' l have, Sir, &c;, 'H. R. Fuller. ' To Arthur BIyth, Esq.' Mr. Fuller had had [that letter printed, and no Idoabt he would send a copy to every hon. member of that House. The Attorney-General had recently stood up and adminis tered a rebuke to some one for revealing private conversa tions, assuming a position to which his ability might entitle him, but not his age— that of Mentor of that House. (Hear, hear). He hoped it would be considered that no hon. member, when any new Ministry was proposed, should repeat to another what had been said to him. He had been sorely tempted to break through those rules. He was sorely tempted by the Attorney General, who had given the House a partial conversation which took place between him (Mr. BIyth) and the Chief Secretary — (' No,' from the Attorney-Ganeral) —but after careful consideration he thought it would not be right to do so, and he was carefully guarded in putting himself in com munication with any hon. member. Supposing he waB likely to have been entrusted with the task of firming a Ministry it was quite fair in debate for the opposite party to throw on the carpet the discordant elements respecting himself and the hon. member for Onkaparinga, Mr. Town Bend. (' Hear,' from Mr. Grundy.) Of course he had Bome fewthouehtsabouteventualities.— . ^hear, hear, and laughter) — but his conversations with other ton. members on the sub ject were as few as possible, and since the adjournment he had had none with any hon member. The charges which he brought against the Ministry were a total want of policy, and a total want of consistency. On tbe question of immi gration, if the Ministry were entirely opposed to it, why did they not boldly say so, and not keep it quiet until they were charged by an hon. member with being pledged to a re newal of immigration? But had not that been the policy of the Government through the whole of the session ? He had no wish to rake up the ashes of the Boothby question ; he only used it as an illustration of the want of policy of the Government. Then there was the distillation question and the Waterworks Bill, on which a series of resolutions was presented to the House i but what, he asked, was the dear aud denned policy of the Government? If the present motion— which he supposed by the jubilant face of the Treasurer, so different from the gloomy aspect which it wore on Friday last— if that motion were even lost, as it might be by a scanty majority, a great deal of good would have been done; it would show the country what they would have In Parliament, and it would show the Ministry that their policy in tbe House should correspond. There were the statements which had been made about Martin, Gaedechens, & Co, and Mr. Mountjoy. He was not there to deny those statements, but he thought they would have been blind to their own interests if they had not consulted before they tendered. (Laughter, from the Treasurer; 'hear, hear,' from Mr. Grundy.) Hon. mem bers laughed, but perhaps they would not have laughed if they had waited to hear what he had to say. Messrs. Fuller and Co. would have a large stock of horses, drays, &a;, to dispose of if they did not get the contract, and it was natural for Messrs. Martin, Gaedechens, & Co. to go and ask them what they would sell them for, that they might be guided in their tender for the contract. A person named Boadea had done the very same thing- on a former occasion. The con duct of the Government in the matter had been very unsatisfactory, and they had not heard tbe last of it yet. Thev had heard of the securities for £5,000, but he believed the Government would not be able to give satisfaction to the country in that matter; tbey would see by-and-bye. The want of a policy on the part o; the Government, the want of a head to the Ministry, and all the other tilings which had £been alluded to put tog-ether, justified liim in bringing forward that motion. Having spoken perhaps too warmly— {hear, hear)— but still with candour and openness, he would now leave the matter with the House. He could not lay claim to much brillaucy, aa one of the hon. members for the city had said, but several had borne testimony to the zeal, industry, and honesty with which he had done his duty in that House. If they were favored during another session with the company ot the hon. member for the City (Mr. Moorhouse) be hoped the brilliancy of that hon. member would continue to enlighten the House, and that they might profit by his eloquence and bis wisdom. He T«ould now leave the motion with the House. He believed it ?fas only the second motion of that kind that had been brought forward in that House ; by-the-by the Treasurer had once brought forward such a motion against a former Ministry. [The Treasurer, ?? What Ministry ?'] The Baker Ministry. Did the Treasurer find fault with the Baker Ad ministration or with Mr. Baker as Chief Secretary ? (Loud laughter, Jand £no, no.) He would now conclude merely saying that all the arguments he had heard on the opposite side iii the question were weak and valid. The ATrOHNEY-GENERAL rose to explain two personal matters which had been referred to by the hon. member. The letter from Mr. Fuller which be had read impeached hie veracity. When he spnke of having seen Messrs. Fuller and Co.'s deea of partnership, he did not mean tuat he had examined the identical deed which Mr. Fuller had iu his pos session, but he had what he believed to be a true copy in his own desk at the present timr. (Bear, hear.) And as to the accusation respecting detailing a private conversation about the hon. member (Mr. Blyth's) anxiety to join the Ministry, it was a thing so generally known and spoken of, it was alluded to in the press, and was so notorious that he felt himself at perfect liberty to speak of it without any fear of being guilty of a breach of confidence. ( Hear. hear). The motion was then put, and the SPEAKER declared the Ayes had it A division was then called for, and shewed the following result :— Ayes, 16. — Messrs. Bagot, N. BIyth, Coglin, Dale, Duffield, Finniss, Glyde, Gnindy, Kingston, Mildred, Miine, Santo, Sutherland, Townsend, Wark, A. BIyth (teller.) Noes, 17.— The Attorney-General, the Commissioner of Crown Lands, the Commissioner of Public Works ; Messrs. Anderson, BakeweLL, Browne. Cole, Dunn, Hailett, Hay, Magarey, McEHiater, Moorhouse, Owen, Parkin, Peacock, and the Treasurer (teller.) .^The SPEAKER'S announcement that there was a majority of one in favor of the Noes was received with loud cheers, which were immediately suppressed. PAPER. The TREASURER laid a paper on the table. ORDEE3 OF THE DAY. All Orders of the Day remaining on the paper were made Orders of the Day for the next day. ADJOURNMENT. The House adjourned at 20 minutes to 7. 