THE DEAD OF I860. [From the JDisnatcJi.l The old enemy, with I113 ' glove of velvet and his hand of steel,' caunot boast of such an illustrious list of victims as that he closed, in 1S59, with Lord Maeaulay. The mere rank and file in everv pro fession and rank always fall fast and thick, but it does seem to 113 that during the last two years more than the wontedaverage of men great in their especial calling have been gathered to their rest. The first startling news of tbe year was the telegraph, which told of Captain Harrison's death iu the very element which he had fearlessly stemmed from liis boyhood. Sliarenoiaers may well say that the Lrreat Ship is ' no eanny,' and tho Record, which foretold nothing but ill for it, because it once adopted the ' devil's own name of Leviathan,' has nearly made good its claim to be regarded as a seer. Harrison, the man who bore the cheerless brunt of its building aud it.3 launch ; Ingram, tho active, self-made, newspaper proprietor, who found the money for its second essay ; Brunei, tho engineer who laid down ita lines (though some are found to deny him that honor) ; and Locke and Stephenson, who were called into council when it stuck fast on the cradles, have all gone within 13 months ; and engineering science has no really great representative left. Areliiteeture has also lost the baronet who divided bis premiership with. G-ilbert Scott, and the interminable disputes about stone covering, clocks, and flues blowing hot and cold, be tween Sir Charles Barry and the House of Lords and Commons have ceased at last. No more can he hear the growl of ' Big Ben,' or chafe under the incessant attack of the pugnacious ': Will' Denison ; but pos terity will confirm the verdict of the present genera tion, that a very different House of Commons might have been built with the money. Very few of the distinguished LI.P.'s are on the death scroll. Druniinond, the quaint, bald-headed Rabelais of the House, will utter his neat sarcasms no more, at .the expense of would-be placemen who ' cannot find a teat,' or shudder at tho thought of the Albury ghost. Mr. Baincs had but just, left the House, in which, like his brother, he produced no impression. He was heavy as a Queen's counsel, and still heavier as a lawgiver; and even Lord Belper, in his Mr. Strutfc days, was not to all appearance, one whit more somnolent on the Treasury Bench. The Duke of Iforfolk had been, for some time, a stranger to the Painted Chamber ; and beyond a few speeches for his co-religionists, he was a man of no mark when hs was there. The Duke of Richmond had also shaken the duat off his feet against that august assem bly, and totally ceased to have faith in man, when landlords could vote for a one shilling corn duty. It seems but yesterday that we had him and Earl llard wieke getting up a ' little conversation, on the Corn Laws,' about once a month on the average, and vieiag with each other in their prophetic grief. One was tile placid incarnation of well-fed well-to-doism, with lazy action to correspond ; while the other was wont to Whisk round and shoot out his arms menacingly at his ' noble friends,' in that true cannon-ball style which Lord George commenced and Jock Campbell's son approved. To the end of lm days the Duke mourned, like a hired mourner of Judaea, over feel and Derby treachery. If he could edge a word in at an agricultural dinner, he did, aud ' the golden farmers cheered him to the echo ; but his own spirits were broken like the trumpet which be blew for the rally. He -was in earnest, though the Dsrby Disraelites were not, and as a slight personal consola tion he set to work and won countless prizes with his Southdowns, and did not lower his rents one penny. Earl Aberdeen, who took so mucli pains to tell us five years ago, that he was younger than Lord Palmer ston', has preceded him to the bourne. Since that ' drifting into war Premiership,' of -which English men do not eare to speak, lie has bsen quite lost fo public life, and the reporters heard bo more those cold cautious sentences from their eyrie. With all his strong hereditary feeling for Scotland his manners bore but a very slight national impress. He was far move of a Drayton Manor or a Manchester Maecenas than any of his countrymen, and his style of speaking was brevity itself. It was in vain for ' the fiery Rupert' to dash himself against the ramparts of ' cannie Aberdeen ;' be the subject what it might, lie could never break through his guard ; the right retort always came slowly but surely out at the right mo ment, and tiic legions of Knowsley swept back shat tered and discomfited. It has always hem his mis fortune to hs compared with his great coeval, Lord Palmerston, and the icy demeanor of the one un avoidably contrasted in the nation's estimate with the high-bred bonhommie which has made the nation, like the late Sir Robert Peel, ' all so proud ' of the other. Slill posterity will be more just to him tlian his com mentators have been, and even the worshippers of Cobden will have to acknowledge that it was his lord ship's influence which prevailed on her Majesty, when Sir Robert's had failed, to consent to that sudden wrenching up of all political ties which produced the repeal of the Corn Laws. Save and except Lords Lansdowiie and Melbourne, there lias be^n no man on whom Her 3Iajesty has leant more in troubled times ; and when Sir James Graham bore the pall at Staumore ' on the shortest day,' others beside him thonght mournfully over the fact, that of the great Peel confederacy which numbered Aberdeen, Goul burii aud H ardmge among its five, the stalwart Cum berland moss-trooper was the soli survivor. Beyond being a most munificent patron of Chris tie's, whether old armour, porcelain, or pictures were in the catalogue, and having three St. L;ger wiuners iu a stud which realized 21,000 guineas in three hours, Lord Londesborough has left a name onlv written in water. Fortune camn to him in the shape of a rw.a bankers will, alter many years of compara tive poverty, and he might well erect a monument to his favoui-ite retriever, under a large yew-tree hard by liis terrace at Grimstono, and record on a simple etoae how 'Nell' had followed him 'in all his changes of residence and fortune.' Indian governors have dropped off like leaves, both on duty and at home. Earl Dalhousie, after a career more brilliant tlian solid, came home only to endure all (he agonies of cancer, and see men of* far inferior calibre enjoying offices to which he had once so justly aspired. The handsome Klphinstoue, of whom it was once said, on the highest authority, that ' he vras 11).? only man who knew how to paj; on a shawl,' has died celafe 53. Sir George Henrv Ward, who left the cinnamon grove3 of Ceylon to 'succeed the insubordinate Sir Charles Trevelyan, became another on the long bead-roll of Indian victims almost before ha knew his way over Madras. India i has also been the grave of ' Economist Wilson,' who had been for years the very mind and lungs of Whig financiers in Downing- street, and always ready to stand iu the breach, however crabbed and complex the query of ' an honorable gentleman opposite' might be. He was really the working bee, while more brilliant elocutionists eate in high places ; and just when he was about to gather the promised honey of this life at last, the fell destroyer came. Well might an Archdeacon advise a fresh Bishop of Calcutta only to buy furniture for six months, and quote his three predecessors. The Bench of Bishops have known three changes, but Pepys, Murray, and Musgrave held no liigh place in the Church Militant. Long had the Universities desired to see the mitre descend on the head of a Collage, as it was wont to do with such regularity in the merry days of yore ; and the services which Dr. Pliilpott has rendered to Prince Albert, as the ex ponent of his views in the University Commission, have been thus tardily acknowledged. Dr. Croly had long given up all hope- of grasping the mitre. His ferocious Orange attack upon Peel at the time of the Emancipation Act, stamped liim as ' an unsafe man,' and hence the author's quill -was the only crosier which lie was fated hereafter to wield. As a poet and dramatist he is almost forgotten, and as a preacher lie spoiled the effect of wJiat he had to say by a diction which was too ornate to be natural, and an affected habit of breaking off his sermon too abruptly. Law has lost but little. AValter Coulson was great, not in the forum, but in drawing private bills. Serjeant Murphy, who divided the wit and the Apician. taste o'f the Northern Circuit with the ' mighty Peter Wilkins,' had long been confined to flic lower range of the Insolvency Court ; Jeliinger Symmons had (Jeserted law for schools and political science ; and Mr. Baron Watson, who lived but a year to enjoy the ermine winch -was kept from him. till ha wa3 almost too feeble to do it. justice, was buried, where lie fell, in a 111 fir town on the Welch circuit. Ho was the sccon-J Ksi--1U!i ?fu.ljjo, within 10 year3, that has been suddenly c.iiL'd away from his own to a higher judgment seat. Surgery and medieiue have lost their Lizars, once the coadjutor of the still greater Liston, in Edinburgh, aud the most handy of operators upon club feet ; Todd, who was fast rising to the top of the physiological section among them, but was far too prone to prescribe stimu lants ; and Dufton, a country practitioner it is true, but more learned on the subject of deafness than any one ' under Bow bells. Bunsen, whose massive bald head had excited the most desperate longings in every young sculptor to pinion, and reproduce that member in plaster of Paris on the spot, lias made a gap in the ranks of his torians and geologists. Geography baa also lost its Colonel Leake ; Grecian History, its Mure ; Physics, its Baden Powell ; Natural History, its Jardine ; Sanscrit, its Wilson ; Archseology, its Charles Fellows ; the pen-wielding Sons of Zabuloii, their fierce Sir William 2fapier, and tlie Unitarian faith that brilliant. Theodore Parker, who never had to complain, like a feebler brother of those who hung Sunday after Sunday on his lips, that 'the moment they succeeded in their worship of wealth they thought ifi more respectable to worship the Trinity.' Mr. G-. P. It. James, who anchored in the evening of life in a little consulship, lived long enough to prove that a man may be notorious and yet not known, and that non. mnlta sed mulliim 13 the only creed of car dinal success. In Scharf and Mrs. Jameson, art and us devotees have Io3t sound and appreciative critics ; and the very antipodes of their profession, Chalon and Ross, have left their easel together. A whole generation of high-born dames once made the former all the rage ; but the pinched manneristic studies which he turned out brought him to his level as year3 wore on. '? False fame will wither. And the true will grow ;' and hence, as long as his brush would obey hi* brain, Sir William Eass could command sitters,' with even a Grant and a Thorbura in the field. Such was the extent of his Tjrafitice. that for maiiv Yfiars li-» harl merely worked at the face and hands, and left the drapery to be finished by his assistants. The theatrical favorites know no change. Mrs. Yates, one of the last links, save Buckstone aud Paul Bedford, of those charming days when her husband and Reeve held the stage, had retired some years be fore her death ; and Miss Brunton had long been merged in ' Dowager Countess Craven.' ' The Poet Buun,' vrith liis sort of half-grammar lyrics, and his precious squabbles with lladdox, was quite a thing of the past ; and Jullien has left a shilling concert void each December, which no one seems to close. From his little chauteau at Hougomont, and his white kid gloves and baton, to the interior of a lunatic hos pital and a coffin, was, with this ever welcome ' pet of the public,' an almost magical transition. Robert Brougb, whose Liverpool burlesque passed well through its Adelphi ordeal, when ' The Brothers Brough' first came to town, has gone too, worn out when he was only in li!3 prime. As we think of the night when that verdict was recorded, we seem yet to see Albert Smith kindly shaking them by the hand, and welcoming them as confreres on the field which he had successfully trodden. Over-work was what brought him down as well, but he lived long enough to ratify the great truth that if a man once fin Is out what his speciality is, he should pursue it, and it alone. As an author, he had won a very small niche in the estimation of the Raw ; as a burlesque writer he had done better ; as a song writer for Parry he had achieved success ; and when thus, by a tentative process, he arrived at the conviction that he must make and sing the songs himself, and invent 'patter' for his lips and not for his ear, he sought the top of Sfont Blanc and the Constantinople Bazaars, and became a London institution. Last, though not least, the United Services see many a vacant cliair. Walter Unett, the young hero of Die Khyber Pass and Chillianwallak/has passed away. Sir Harry Smith, the lion-hearted but weak headed officer, who could no more rule at the Cape than a three-year-old child, and who lived on the fame of his one victory with all the complacency of ' Single Speech Hamilton,' and forgot that he had lost all his baggage, has been laid with high honours in hi3 native churchyard. General Lygon, who led the Life Guards iu their last great charge at Waterloo, and Earl Stratford, who handled the second brigade of the first division on that fearful day, lie low with their eagle-eyed chief at last; and Dundonald and Charley Napier, the old sea-lions of the Peers and Commons, will roam through the lobbies and spin their yarns no more. Westminster showed far more tact iii adopting Cochrane than Southwark did in taking up ' Charley ;'' and it is recorded to His Lordship's especial honor that, when ho was restored to his rank, ha wrote his first letter, not to Her Majesty, not to the reigning Minister, but to the late Douglas Jerrold, a3 the man who had been the real means of gaining justice for him. 'Charley' could never have been made into a Peer, ha his services what they might. That ungainly, shapeless figure could hardly have worn ermine ; that battered hat would have given way to no coronet, and tliat ' old salt' tongue, which often made the Speaker look hot, and feel for his handkerchief, and which we once heard to such perfection a3 wu waited together for half an hour in the antechainbsr of the Admiralty (which he was blockading for an entire summer, from 10 to 4 each day, in the hopes of getting a fleet or a flagship), could never have sunk into a courtly falsetto. Still, lie might have expounded to them, in native speech, his pet Merchistouu mode of producing a succession of tup lambs, and turnips thrice as big as their heads. Alas \ 1861 can kill nothing so genuine and so strange. 