MY HOLIDAY. (From the Sydney Mail, August 10) [continued] After they had had their laugh out, the subjeot was disposed of by a mutual understanding that we were all to go candlelng that night, Farrell then excused himself for leaving us, and returned to the barn, where, prior to our arrival, he had been engaged in preparing with a chaff-cutter his horse's supply of fodder, which job he desired to complete. When he had left us Tom commenced. " Well, we've got into good quarters again. Ain't I a good pilot !" "Yes, responded Nat, " but you kept your pilot- ing to yourself, and appeared quite as much astonished as any of us at the meeting." ' ' Ha ! ha ! that was it, said, Tom. " I wanted to surprise you. However, this will do, eh, Charlie" "All but the candleing. And if I trust myself out on that shelf of rock in the dark, may ---,' I was about to commit myself by some terrible adjuration, when Tom added, " And do you think I mean to go r Ko, thank'ye ! Tom isn't so soft as that. But we must humour him you know." " Nat looked at us both with one of the most sar- donic of his smiles, and added, " Well ! you are a pair of humbugs." "Because we won't make victims of ourselves ?" I asked. " No, but because you're deceiving Farrell ; Tom, I always knew you were a humbug, but 1 thought better of y eu, Charlie." The fire was getting too hot, so Tom like an able general fell back out of range,.and then showed a new front by modifying his previous assertion, and ulti- mately ended by declaring that if Farrell insisted upon going, of course he had never intended anything else but to accompany him. No great time, however, elapsed before our host re- turned, and then as the shower had passed over and one or two straggling sunbeams had made their way into sight from between the masses of cloud, he sug- gested that as it was now low water we should go down and fish from a ledge of rock whence they were accustomed to try what luck the ocean sent them.. We might get a snapper, or a groper, or a cod. I looked up to the rain-charged skies, and then turned my ear seaward where the surf was now thundering upon the beach, and with fear and trembling consented to make the trial. Nat, Farrell, and I, - for Tom was too knowing to be deluded into this adventure - provided ourselves with a snapper line each, with a roasted starfish for bait, and took our way down to the rocks, which formed a ledge, lying to the northward of the beach, above which the house was situated, and, con- sequently, not the candleing ledge of which he had spoken. We laboured our road over the sand hills, on to the beach, almost stunned by the incessant roar- ing of the breaking waves, and we had scarcely reached the rocks when a shower, heavier than any that had preceded it, came tearing in from the sea, accompanied with a violent squall of wind that sent the spray flying over us as thickly as the rain that was poured down upon us from overhead, and we at once ran, helter skelter, for the nearest refuge. Now it happened that on this unlucky shelf there was only one boulder of rock of size enough to offer shelter, and this was by no means of sufficient capacity to protect the three of us; consequently, as I was the last to reach it, I had to get in anywhere, the anywhere being the extreme verge of the protecting median, whereby one shoulder was exposed to the whole fury of the rainy torrent, whilst my head, which by an excru- ciating corporeal contortion I had contrived to get just beneath a small overhanging ledge, was subjected to a continuous douche from the drops that were driven over rapidly by the wind, and which, with the contrariety usual with all inanimate things upon such occasions, would insist upon coming inwards further than they ought to have done, and dripping down my neck, running meanderingly down my back in a most cruelly unpleasant manner. In the meantime the sea, lashed up by the wind, was dashing furiously against the outer edge of the reef - roller after roller coming in, each heavier than the other, and sending the foamy water washing at times nearly to our feet. The tide was rising too, that was a fact I had ascer- tained, and I began to get nervously uneasy, as I pictured to myself our position, if the tide should rise and cut off our retreat. I put this case feelingly and in .the most moving accents to Farrell, who was sitting laughing and joking as unconcernedly as if in front of his own capa- cious fireplace ; and rather, I think, enjoying our dis- comfiture. 'Oh, no fear," he replied, "if we can't get back one way, we can the other; and if we can't get by the rocks, we shall have to face the hill." I looked at the lofty towering headland near me, some three hundred feet high, and marked it's sheer bluff front of stone, and I thought that I, at all events, should have to face it a long time before I surmounted it, whatever the others might do. I said as much to our host. "Not at all," he answered, "there is a track up it, not quite as level as George-street, but I have been along it dozens of times, when I have been nailed here by the tide." This was not at all calculated to allay my perturba- tions, so I once more attacked him upon the advisa- bility of moving. "There's no hurry," said he, " it's not more than half flood, so we'd better wait till the shower 's over. We may have a chance for a throw in presently." At the end of another five minutes I could stand no more, the water was now regularly and unmistakeably washing up to our very feet, and I anticipated nothing less than that some roller larger than usual would come and walk us off altogether. So briefly stating my impressions upon the subject, I declared my in- tention to clear out. "Well," he responded, looking out from his shelter, " I believe you're right. It is time we made a move." Oh, with what alacrity, now that the word was given, did I patter away over that wet and slimy ledge, taking the shortest and most direct course to the beach, heedless of the pools of water, some of them knee deep - all of which, by the way, I had carefully avoided and gone round in coming - that I found in my path; and only too happy to find myself getting out of the reach of that roaring and treacherous element, which seemed bursting with fury at our escape from its clutches. Dtipping like a nereid, and shivering with cold, I reached the house, over the floor of which I left a broad trail of wet as I walked towards the fire. Tom regarded me with pitying eyes, and then recommended me to hang myself over one of the huge beams, that crossed the inner part of the chimney, to drain, offering as a token of his sincere friendship, to wring me out with his own hands. Disgusted with his hard-hearted jestings I folded ray arms sternly across my breast, determined like the hero in a Sadler's Wells melodrama "to brave the worst." Farrell, however, took compassion upon the misery that he had had so great a hand in producing, and very considerately offered me a change ot attire. This I joyfully accepted, and after a few minutes absence to remove the wet and to don the dry garments, I returned to the room in such guise as to elicit a spontaneous and general burst of laughter at my appearance. I have said that our host was a fine strapping fellow, by which I mean to indicate that he was tall and that he was stout withal; and as I have previously described myself as not being either tall or stout, it may be readily imagined how ill his apparel sat upon me. The girth of the nether garments would have encompassed two such puny individuals as myself, notwithstanding the Punchi formity of abdomen that gives me an imposing air of burlyness when in my own attire, and they con- sequently hung bagging about me in anything but picturesque draping;whilst, being too long by nearly half the length of the leg, I had to turn them up in many folds at the bottom, and thus further add to the singularity of their ap- pearance. The coat was one common to bushmen and seamen, and known in ordinary parlance as a "monkey jacket." This article is usually sun posed to come down to the hips, but the one in question having been selected to match the trousers, reached nearly to my knees, whilst its circumference being similar to that of the garment aforesaid, fitted me in about the same proportion, or as Tom remarked "rayther too much." My hair, still saturated with the rain and brine, hung down after the fashion of " long dips," and as I had omitted to resume my cap which was undergoing the draining process from a nail on one of the chimney jambs, the whole beauty of the crinatory arrangement was fully displayed. I let them have their laugh out, for I didn't care a pin about their merriment, as I was now dry, warm, and comfortable, and as dinner - consisting of the huge dishes of fish I have before referrod to - was ready, I was in admirable humour for the meal, and none the worse in appetite for the ducking I had un- dergone. I was standing at the fire, after a very respectable go in at the fish, and as I smoked the after-dinner pipe, which, next after the after-break- fast pipe is the one that your true smoker most enjoys, when I contemplatively assumed the before-the-fire attitude peculiar to the true born Briton. This I need hardly say consists in turning the back to the blaze, and opening the legs to an angle of fifteen degrees, and with the two hands making a posterior division of the coat flaps. Thus I stood, buried in the delicious aroma ot Leigh's primest honeydew, when Tom approached, walked round me once or twice, regarding me the while with a most admiring gaze, and at last said, "First rate dress that for shooting !" I couldn't conceive how. The things were alto gether too big. "There's the beauty," he answered. ''I didn't remark it till you assumed that attitude, but now I see the value of roomy toggery." " In what way ?" I asked. "Look here, Nat!"and he brought my other com- panion up to join in the inspection. "Would any man with a pair of inexpressibles like these, ever want to carry a bag for his game?" and hereupon he seized hold of a vast superfluity of cloth, that my elevation of the coat had made distinctly visible behind. I resented Tom's remark as a personal matter, but I was greeted with such uproarious laughter that I was, fain to smother my wrath, though at the same time I promised myself to have my change from master Tom on the very first opportunity. The weather still continued wet, heavy showers passing over in quick succession, and leaving but brief intervals of calm, during which the poor sun made feeble but abortive attempts to show himself, never succeeding further than occasionally to thrust a straggling ray down between the edges of the clouds. Every preparation for the candleing was however made, though Farrell shook his head, and had his doubts whether or not the weather would be suitable, because if it rained at all hard it would be useless to make the attempt, since the torches wouldn't burn. On hearing this I forthwith invoked the Jupiter Pluvius, of the Austral hemisphere, that he might pour down "cats and dogs," - the hardest kind of rain that is supposed ever to be experienced from now until tomorrow morning. Still, Farrell was determined to be ready, and so large quantities of stringy bark were brought in from a shed, where they had been stored, were dried before the fire, and were torn up into long shreds, ready to form a torch at a moment's notice. I knew it was going to be, and to continue to be wet, and savagely told our host that it was no use to make these pre- parations. " Well, I don't know," he said, in answer to my last appeal. "We may get a chance to run down between two showers, or perhaps it may hold up with the turn of the tide. Let's see how it looks." We all adjourned to the verandah, under which we were sheltered from the rain falling from the tail-end of a cloud that had all but passed over. "It has stopped now, you see," he said. " Yes, but look at that high headland to the south- ward, on which the succeeding cloud has already commenced to discharge cargo." I had him there. "It's coming down there, isn't it ?" he responded. "It's strange how all the heaviest showers touch that hill first as they come in from the sea." " Perhaps it's the highest," I suggested. "So it is; it's the highest piece of ground between Sydney and Newcastle, and when on its top you can see Sydney Heads, and even Botany on one side and Bungaree Norah on the other." " What do you call it ?" I asked. " I don't know what name they give it on the maps, but we here about call it Casey's Hill," answered Farrell; "that's the name I've known it by from a boy, and it was so called from a notorious bushranger named Casey, who used to make it his haunt." "Rather an out-of-the-way place," I put in. "Not at all. There's always been plenty of settlers between here and Lane Cove, and he had the whole country open to him - along the Parramatta River on one side, and the Hawkesbury on the other. He used to come up here after his expeditions, and lay by a bit, because he could see all around him for miles, if any one was in pursuit of him." "I never recollect hearing of him. What became of him ?" I asked. "He was shot at last by a blackfellow - Black Bowen as we used to call him - one of the finest darkies I ever met with, and I've seen a good many of 'em in my time," he replied. We now all pressed him to give us the particulars of this " death of the bushranger." "I'll tell you all I know about the matter, though it isn't much, and as it happened a long time ago, I forget a good deal about it. However, this Casey was a pitiful, sneaking kind of bushranger, never venturing, like Opossum Jack, or Paddy Curran, or Jackey Jackey, to do business on a large scale, or amongst those who could afford to lose the money he took, but confining his operations to huts and small farm-houses, never caring whether it was an un- fortunate Government man that he robbed of his rations, or whether it was a poor devil of a settler, who didn't know which way to turn to make the two ends meet, that he cleared out. His robberies were chiefly of rations and clothing, sometimes a little money, or articles that could be converted into money. (He had had a pretty good run, having been out nearly two years, when at last, in consequence of some ruffianly conduct on his part, the Government determined upon his apprehension. In those days there was very scant ceremony over a convict that took to the bush, and where there was no good reward for delivering him up, the police have been suspected of shooting their man where they found him, just to save trouble in escorting him afterwards. They were out after Casey for three weeks or a month, but deuce a bit could they find him. There he was perched on that hill, and their first appear- ance sent him off to some of the many secure nooks that are to be found hereabouts, in which a regiment of police would never ferret a man out. He was compelled to take this course, because every man in the district, Government men and all, on account of his plundering his own kind of people, was dead against him. Now, it happened that Bowen, who was a great favourite with the Governor, had been several times employed to track bushrangers, though it was a job that he didn't like, as his sympathies were rather with than against them, and on onr occasion for something he had done this way, he had had a gun made a present to him. This he ever afterwards carried about with him as a trophy of prowess; and it was a trophy, too, for few white men, let alone blacks, possessed a gun in those days. Well, Bowen was very proud of this and took it with him every where. One day he was out in the bush towards Lane Cove way, I don't know exactly where, but at all events, he heard great cries and noise coming from a spot where he knew two Government men were stationed in a hut. The word "murder" being used most energetically, Bowen ran as hard as he could to the place, and soon came in sight of the two men who were desperately engaged in defending themselves against Casey, whilst he was attacking them with a large knife in one hand, and a pistol held by the barrel in the other. Bowen at once saw how the land lay, so coming up cautiously, though rapidly, he got within gunshot of Casey, and sent the contents of his piece into the worthless carcass of the bushranger. The charge struck him in the back and lodged in his heart, and he never spoke again. It seemed that he had been blockaded in his hill for so long that his grub had run out and he had been obliged to come down for something to eat. Getting to the hut he was about to steal the poor men's bit of rations, when they came upon him before he had time to get away. A struggle ensued, and a tough one it was too, as the question to be decided was, which of the parties should go without grub for the remainder of the week. Casey was armed only with a pistol, and this he had dis- charged without effect, and had then attacked them with the knife, wounding both so severely as to lay them up in hospital for some weeks afterwards." "Your Bowen, then, was a plucky dog," said Tom. "He was," answered Farrell, "and without ex- ception one of the rummest devils I ever saw. He was particularly fond of dress, but would never wear more than one article at a time. Some times he would appear in a pair of old regimental trousers; then these would be put aside and he would turn out in a waist- coat, which, in its turn would have to give place to a coat or a hat. But his most favourite piece of finery was an old dress coat of mine, a regular swal- low tail, that I had given him, and in which he would turn out as proudly as any swell in the land, although he hadn't another stitch on him." "It is not often that you can get the blacks to wear clothes," I observed. " Well, Bowen took to this old coat of mine most amazing, putting it on upon all grand occasions of ceremony. Ha! ha! ha! I shall never forget his coming to me one day with it on, to give me information of a bee's nest he had discovered. He was in full fig with the dress coat, his hair knotted up behind, and three feathers stuck in it. He took me to the tree, and my noble Bowen at once proceeded to mount in the usual way, by cutting himself footholes in the trunk, and hoisting himself up with his tomahawk. Arrived at the limb at which was the nest, Bowen proceeded to chop, to make an opening by which to take out the honey. With the first jar of the stroke of his tomahawk, out flew a host of bees, who, circling round, soon discovered their persecutor. They lodged about his body in all directions, but as they don't sting until they are themselves attacked, Bowen would have got off scot free, if it hadn't been for the dress coat. This was buttoned in front, and of course, with every movement of his arm in chopping, the inner surface of the coat rubbed against his body. Now, some of the bees, in the course of their explorations over his person, got between his skin and the coat, and feeling the friction, fancied themselves aggrieved, and at once took revenge by driving their stings into the offending surface, coat or flesh, whichever happened to be nearest. "Ha!" "oh!" "ha" would poor Bowen cry out, as he felt the prick-up now on one side, now on the other, at the same time bending his body to take off the pressure from the side stung, and thereby causing a friction and a con- sequent sting on the other side. At last it got so warm that Bowen waa coming down, when I, who up to that time had been unable to speak for laughing, told him the cause of his suffering, and directed him to take off the coat. It was with extreme reluctance that he did so; but once relieved of the swallow- tail all went well, and we got the honey." "I have always understood that a black would never attempt to ascend a tree with any article of clothing on," remarked Nat. "No more they will generally," responded Farrell:" but Bowen was very proud of his coat." " And what became of him, after all?" I asked. "Poor Bowen!" he replied, his usually joyous tones sinking to a melancholy cadence, "he was shot, whilst sitting at his camp fire, by a cowardly skulking lot of bushrangers, who hadn't the manhood to come up and meet him face to face, for Bowen was game to the back bone, and has stood to me in many a pinch both on land and water." "Don't you know who killed bim?" I again en- quired. "No. The news was brought me by some blacks who found his dead body by the side of the fire, and who, from the tracks around, knew that four armed whites had been there. It was perhaps lucky both for me and for the man who did the deed that I didn't know him, for I looked upon Bowen almost as a brother, and I would have followed his murderer to this day, but I would have had blood for blood." There was a pause in the conversation after the enunciation of this terrible sentiment. I was staggered, as I had never anticipated so great a display of decision from our laughing, good-humoured host. He re- mained moody and thoughtful after this unexpected burst, but only for a brief period, for his temperament was too mirthful to allow sorrow to have the upper hand for any length of time. Suddenly breaking out into his usual joyous laughter, he exclaimed, " Well, you've had me at a pretty game. A rare string you've got me into. I didn't think that I was so green as to be run into such a show off as I have made. But come; here is a fine warm gleam of sun- shine ; let us go down to the rocks, and get together the firewood for our candleing." Here was a change, from the romantic to the abso- lutely practical, that I did not at all agree with,- so I excused myself on the ground of my previous wet . ting, whilst Tom excused himself on no ground at all, simply declaring that " he'd be hanged if he'd go and get wet for anybody." So Nat, Farrell, and two men went to procure the requisite firewood, whilst Tom and I took a quiet saunter down to the pad- dock, as one always does in the country, to have a look how the crops are coming on, or the work is progressing. There was not much to be seen, except the evidences of the late rains, which, having washed a large portion of the noll from the higher parts of the cultivation had deposited its sandy particles at the spot where the fall of the water had been broken by the fence, so that in the hollow near the creek the deposit reached nearly to the second rail of the fence. We walked round the barley, and through the sorghum, and over a portion that had been cut and left in the ground in order to try the experiment of the second year's growth. Here the stems, cut down to within about eight inches of the earth, were al- ready sending up three, four, or more shoots, according to the strength of the root. We walked round to the head of the ploughed lands, and across the young barley on to the fallow land, which had evidently been allowed to lie idle for some years past. Here was a recurrence of the circumstance that had everywhere puzzled me ever since I left Manly Beach. Why wasn't this land cultivated ? Here was a fine active enterprising man, only too anxious to push about and do anything, and yet he allowed two-thirds of his pronerty to lie idle. I would speak to him and have an elucidation j I could aot return to Sydney with this incubus on my mind,-I must know why this land waa not tilled. Whilst allowing my mind to run away over the tangled mass of {nought that confused it, and of which I could make nothing, I was not the liveliest possible companion for Tom, whoae jokes were com- pletely thrown away upon me, for even when he challenged my approval, by his question, "Not bad that, Charlie ? " of some pun or equivoque, more bar bateus than its predecessors, I had to demand a repe- tition of it, together with an explanatien and answers to collateral questions^ arising thereout, all' of which, in /Tom's opinion, tended to take the pungent edge off his puns, so gradually ho turned sulky, and finally decided upon returning to the house. I was nothing loth, and homewards we bent our way, meeting Farrell and the rest at the door, just as they returned from the opposite direction. "Now then," said he, "we're all ready for the night." 1 answered nothing. I was afraid to trust my tongue to speak. "Such a jolly pile of wood!" he continued. "But where have you been?" " Just looking round your cultivation !" I replied, glad of a chance to turn the conversation. " But that reminds mc that I wanted to ask you, how it is that you cultivate so little of your ground ?" "There are a good many reasons for that; but what do you ask for ? Are you a free selector ?" _ Had a bombshell fallen at my feet, hissing and fiz- zing and ready to explode, I could not have been moro thrown off my usual aplomb than I was by this question. Here was I, in a new and unexplored country, the natives of which I had fondly imagined to be living in a primitive state of barbarism, and innocency, and where no such words as Electoral Reform, Electivo Upper House, Land Bill, and Free Selection were known, and yet I had had hurled at me the cruel words, the bitter words, the maddening woids-that had been dinned into my ears in every tone of which the human voice is capable during three sessions of Parliament, during two general elections, and four recesses, and at public meetings innumerable. Here amidst primeval gums, and abo- riginal forests that hated free selection, had like some unquiet ghost come stalking before me, determined to haunt mc, though I here most solemnly aver that neither I nor any of my brother reporters had any- thing to do with its murder; on the contrary it was we who nursed and cherished, and made much of it very much more than it deserved, ungrateful that it was ; and we have, therefore, nothing to answer for in regard to it. Hero it turned up again then in the wilds of Barranjuce, when I had thought it quietly laid by until September next. However I had raised the monster, and I felt that I waa doomed to be its victim, so resigned to my fate I doggedly prepared for the contest, whilst Tom and Nat, M hen they saw things assuming so serious an aspect, w ithdrew without a word. ( To be continued.) 