CHINA. We have papers from Hongkong to the 12th of September. The Overland China Mail of that date, adverting to the death of the Em- peror, says:-In the far north of his vast empire, where be fled for safety from the hands of man, the destroying angel has fallen upon him, and secured him within the bonds of death. Sur rounded by the mural rocks of Tartary, and within the walls of Zehol, thia mighty ruler has succumbed in the flower of his youth, and a nation of four hundred millions is cast into mourning. Where now are the vauntings of this imperious prince, who spurned the con- tact of British power ? Where are his predictions that the " barbarian " armies of Albion and Gaul would be swallowed up by the frigid elements of a northern winter, or the calorific blasts of sum- mer ? Like a second Nicholas. he has been the first to succumb ; and as the standard of England waved trium- phantly on the Crimean shore, while the Autocrat of all the Russias gave up the ghost, so the same flag now flutters in the hot monsoon from the lands ceded and conceded to British power, while the Emperor of tile great Central Flowery Kingdom and ita many tributary princi- palities, lies cold and stiff within his hunting palace on the northern frontier. Peace to his ashes! It is not the cus- tom of Englishmen to crow over a fallen foe, therefore let us leave the contempla- tion of such an important event in the political history of Chinese Fatherland to thc future, when thc people amongst whom we have taken up our abode, and in whom our chief interests are centred, have passed over the days of mourning, and inaugurated the reign of a new Em- peror. Happily the people are Optimists of the most practical kind, and believe in the doctrine that " whatever is, is right." This belief is vastly convenient for the ruling powers ; and as a matter of inevitable necessity, the nation sees in the demise of the Emperor the destiny of the Celestial Kingdom rolling on in thc course of time, as it has done for the last ten thousand years. The will of thc deceased Hien Fong not having yet been made public, the name of his successor is still unknown, although it is probable that he has made choice among his three nearest relations, viz., his infant son, the brother who was with him in his last illness, and his brother Prince Kung, now in Pekin. In the event of his infant son being nominated, there will be a regency, and the foreign policy of the nation will most probably continue pacific ; in the event of Prince Kung's accession to the supreme rule, the same result may be expected ; but as regards the brother who accompanied his Late Majesty to the Yehol, it is not so certain that bis in- clinations are likely to be peaceful. As a political event, the death of Hieu Fung cannot be greatly regretted by any party. The documents which came to light during our campaign in the North, showed that he kept himself in a state of complete isolation from business, and could only be approached by his advisers in tbe most delicate manner, even when thc affairs of the Empire had come to a serious crisis. It is quite reasonable to suppose that under a new ruler, thc Go- vernment of China may vuluntarily adopt a more liberal policy, and accept foreign intercourse as an accomplished fact which it is useless aswell as impoli- tic to disturb, or in any way endeavour to unsettle. The Overland Trade Report of the 11th states that the restrictions which were placed upon foreigners visiting Pekin appear to have been removed, and many parties are preparing to visit that capital. Upon the whole, foreign affairs wear a somewhat improved appearance. The import trade in British manufac- tures at Tientsin is highly satisfactory, But there is no export trade, and the rigour of the climate is much com- plained of; extreme heat in summer, and intense cold in winter. For five months the place is frozen up. At Yingtsze (the port of Ncwchang) there is rot much prospect of a large trade. The country is poor, producing only peas, pulse, etc., which, by a clause in the treaty, cannot be exported in foreign bottoms-so that ships going there have to return in ballast. Besides this there are several drawbacks-the climate has all the objections to which Tientsin is subject-the river is shallow and ill adapted for navigation-and it is frozen up in the winter. An irregular, though a large trade has been conducted for some time at Cheefoo both in opium and manufactured goods -the only exports having been pulse, &c.; The trade is now on the wane, not only from its having fallen into direct and legitimate channels, but from the circumstances of transit fees having been suddenly levied which have stopped the trade. On thc Yangtsekiang trade appears to be thriving famously. 