obtain. ADELAIDE : SATURDAY, OCTOBER 19. 1861. MR. FINNISS'S CONSTITUENTS have asked him to resign, and he tells them he is not such a fool as they take him for. " Resign," indeed, when there is not the ghost of a chance of his going in for any other district in the colony Catch him resigning; he'd be resigned to a good deal of misfortune before he'd be resigned to that! Haven't we triennial Parliaments, and will not the electors of Mount Barker be enabled to choose fresh representatives in 1863 ? Let the Mount Barkerites wait patiently; Mr. Finniss is not going to ab- squatulate to please- them. What did he go in for What pledge did he give The only pledge he gave was to support "the best interests of the colony." This he says he has done, and if his constituents do not think so,-well, let them go and anything they like ! Mr. Finniss is in, and doesn't mean to go out till he's kicked out. Mr. Finniss's constituents have asked him to resign, and he, of course, concludes that his conduct on the Boothby question is the cause of it. No doubt he feels he deserves to be turned out on this questioner, if he does not feel it, the country does. He has sold the constitution, he has sacrificed his constituents, and he is no longer deserving of their confidence. So we think ; so his constituents think and so Mr. Finniss himself shrewdly suspects. But it is not only on the Boothby question that he is objected to. The electors of Mount Barker have long ceased to believe in him. They deeply regret the mistake they made in returning him, and are eagerly waiting for an opportunity of retracing their steps, and redeeming their error. Mr. Finniss indulges in a ghostly laugh at the idea of the next election, and asks Who's afraid?" Ah! that's the question, " Who's afraid?" Why, we think the hon. member for Mount Barker is afraid, and some other hon. gentlemen, who .' W histle aloud to keep their courage up," and boast and vacant in the inverse ratio of their confidence. How curious that those who regard it as high treason on our part to suggest a dissolution, should themselves talk jovially about the next general election, and proclaim themselves not afraid." Afraid No; and if the next election was a year further off than it is, they would be still less afraid. Mr. Finniss denounces the newspaper press and will, therefore, not expect the newspaper press to show him any quarter. He says the public have no means of judging of topics of the day except through the newspapers. Of course they have not and we may just as well say that they have no means of going to England except by ship. What are newspapers for, unless to report public proceedings and to comment upon public questions ? Mr. Finniss denounces the daily newspapers because they have done their duty ; but Mr. Finniss's constituents denounce him because he has not done his duty. We are quite content to take his censures, and will leave him to the censures of the electors of Mount Barker. Mr. Finniss speaks of the partisan statements of the press. What does he mean? Does he mean that the editors of the press have the honesty and courage to avow their own opinions P It is this which he complains of and calls " partisan ?" We accept the reproach, and are much more satisfied to be called a "partisan" by Mr. Finniss than to be called one of the Finniss party. This, however, we are not likely to be called, because Mr. Finniss has not got a party and never will have one. We throw back upon the hon. gentleman his charge of partisanship. Our columns have fairly represented both sides of the question in the Boothby debate. Mr. Finniss himself has been fully reported, and Mr. Dutton, and Mr. Milne, and Mr. Duffield, and Mr. Townsend, and every other hon. member who supported Judge Boothby, What if Mr. Finniss made out a lame case ? Is that our fault ? What if his arguments were destitute of force, and what if his side of the question was the losing side ? Are we to blame for this P Why did not Mr. Finniss make a better speech; why did he not refute the leading articles of the press ; why did not he convince the Parliament and the country that the press was wrong, and that he was right ? Ah ! he couldn't! He could not even satisfy his own constituents. They ask him to resign, and he won't resign ! Admirable sagacity ! intelligence almost human ! The hon. member is not afraid of a general election oh, no ! but he would rather not resign. We trust the electors of the district of Mount Barker will deal out evenhanded justice to Mr. Finniss on the one hand, and to the press on the other, when the time comes for reckoning. 