TIIE RUINED HOMESTEAD. i he road from the village of Lennox winds and winds up the mountain till it crosses it,' and descends, on the other side, through a forest of pines into the town or iv amngton, where is an aendemy for young, ladies and gentlemen — accord ing to the somewhat advanced fashion of the brave New England States. Just where the village road, of which I have been speaking, seemed to pause a moment to rest after its long ascent from Lennox, before it eutered upon its equally long descent to Warrington, just there, on a kind of table-land which overlooked the two little towns stood a farm-house, shaded by grand old maples, aud sur rounded on three sides by a pretty flower-garden; while on tbe fourth a wickcl-gnte led out into the pastures, the orchard, the " mowing," and the woods. The great front door, which opened directly into the parlour, always stood open of a summer day; and the tra veller, checking his horse for a moment's breathing time upon the mountain's brow, might catch a glimpse, over the garden and tbe flowers, of pictures and a piano, and then turning in his saddle, look down the steep road, and see at tbe bottom a pond sparkling in the sunshine and dotted over with ripples at the slightest stir of wiud. It was a pretty little sheet of water ; in the summer time, scores of white lilies swayed.toand fro upon its breast, and languished at their own beauty as they saw it mirrored' in the waves below. Yon, could. not see tho pond from the door of the farm-house but from its roof, which was flat, and balristraded, and easily gained by afli'dit of steps from tbe great garret. Mr. Wellman, the owner of this pretty plaee; was a widower of sixty, and had but. one child, a daughter named Murgavet, who would, one day, inherit a snug little property. -Sho was well educated, and could play and sing very sweetly. Iri short, everybody loved her, anil alio was kind and gentle, and did her- best to please'everybody! She was yet a school -girl, though her marriage with her cousin William was fully de termined on, and studied her lessons in the intervals of -love-making, and pre pared her French exercises for her master after listening to William's plans for their bridal journey — like the good, little, simple girl she was. It was a quiet heart enough, and neither she nor any one else gave it credit, just then, for all the depth of passionate despair it brought up afterwards to the light. William Wellman was the only son of the fanner's brother, a retired merchant in the town of Lennox, and like herself, a student of the academy at Warrington. He liked Margaret very well, aud thought it a fine thing to be engaged to the best girl in the school, who would bring him such a pleasant Lome and comfortable dowry, arid who never lmd thwarted his royal will and pleasure in any one thing since he first kissed her ; but when her father's cousent to tho engagement had been given, aud he felt that she was bound to him, love-making became rather a bore, aud ho was glad of any excuse which would enable him to es cape it. When' Margaret went home for the autumn term, and left hira be hind, ho did not shed many tears; on the contrary, he drew a loug breath, and felt (and be had the graco tobe ashamed of fceliug) a half- acknowledged sense of relief at her absence. Yet he was not a cold-hearted nor an unloving inuu. lie could -love .passion ately, and be true — that is, as true as it is in the uature of any man to be — only that his time had not yet come. It was coining fast, howevor, aud Margaret had only gone away to make room for her successor. There is a certain dusky gentleman who is supposed to bo mixed up with tho affairs of mortals, and who must, I think, huvo laughed in his sleeve when he sent I Au -nshi Hepburn to the Academy of Warrington as a music teacher. Her liio of twenty years had been passed in tin: city 'of New York, and the contrast ... between her appearance and that of the farmer's daughters sho was to teach, was ludicrous in the extreme. She was of good birth and high family, though au orphan, and so reduced in her circum stances as to bo glad to accept this post iu a village school. Sho had been educated at a famous establishment in Troy, aud thoroughly educated, too. She was a fine classical scholar, au artist, an authoress, and a poetess, danced like Tagliotii, played aud sang like an angel, and was a widow, her husband having died after an unhappy union of a year. It was not, long before she became the preceptress of the Academy, and t.heu William had an opportunity of, seeing her every day df his life. Her tall, elegant figure, her deep mourning, the easy graco of her motions, aud the dig nity of her manners, had already moved him stiaugcly, and wheu he saw her fairly, day after day, sittiug by tho' pre-" ceptor at lite head oi' tho school, with her shawl and bounet laid aside, and her small white hands ungloved, lie went mad about her at once. She was a bril liant, not a beautiful woman ; but with ln-r wmidrotis smile, her flashing eyes, Lev bewildering _ manners and perfect grace, she placed him where she had so often placed his. betters — at her feet. The dusky gentleman. of whom I have already spokun, having his implements upon the ground, lost uo time in using i.'.em. William and the young precep tress met, often, and it needed no spoken words to tell her what the boy was feel ing. His blushes, his' sighs, the long ardent glances of his handsome hazel eyes told 'the story only too well ; and smiling sometimes to herself at this new proof of her fascination, sho gave liini some blight cnconragctu.ent from time to time. Sho hud walked with him when the school and the teachers had their May party out ou the hills. She had been elected Queen, and bad kept him always near the throne. The farmers' daughters looked red and eouimon, and hateful beside lier; but she — oh she — deserved a crowu of diamonds, and bo should like to bo the mau to give it to her. Thus the boy rayed .walking up and down his room at midnight, and thinking of her — only ber — while she was sleeping quietly, and would only have smiled at his rhapsodies, if she had known anything about them. He was only doing what a thousand men have done before bim, and what more than a thousand will do after him, I am afraid — flinging himself at the feot of a wo man who would lead him through a tempest of lovo and pas-ion, and leave hira, at lust, with nothing to show for the faith, the truth, and the devotion he flung so recklessly away, for her dear sake. And all this time, what was pretty Margaret doiug? Her father's house was but five miles away from Warring- . ton, and there wore kiud friends in those days, as there are in ' these, who were only too happy to go and tell of Master William's iufatuation, which, by this time, was plainly to be seen. She was a good, a truthful, and a loving woman, and at first she only laughed at these busy-bodies, and declared Bhe did not believe it. But one rumour came after another, wliilo William himself, stayed away, and Margaret's face grew thinner and paler ; aud she was foud of going up on the square roof of the house, and looking at the waters of tho pond, spark- ling in the moonbeams so far away, and thinking how delightful it would be to lie down' there in the stillness among tho sweet water lilies, and so let the grief and troubles pass away for ever. While these sad fancies were crowding most thickly upon her, her cousin came home for the autumn vacation. He was moody and silent, and said but little to her ; and she, for her own part, avoided him. But one pleasant afternoon, some thing impelled her to speak out, and know the worst; and she went into the great parlour, where he was lying on the sofa, smoking his cigar, and thinking, I have no doubt, of his Augusta. He laid aside the cigar, and she sat down bcsido him, and began her hopeless task. Hopeless — howhopoless — almostevery woman must know. For all men — even the bravest and best and gentlest — are cowardly in their dealings with women, and will evade a downright inquiry and question, if it is a possible thing to do so. It happened, therefore, that William, though quite as open and truthful as any of us may be, led his little cousin de cidedly wrong, and give her to under stand, without telling an absolute false hood, that she bad been deceived, and he outraged by the reports she bad heard — somewhat highly coloured ones, we will oWn. " Pooplo will talk about a woman like that," be cried out, in conolusion. " As she says herself, she can expect nothing else. You seo she is so different to them and bo superior, and talented, and all that sort of thing, that they are en vious of her, and run off to fill your ears with nonsense, Margaret. She is a widow and slio had a rascal of a hu.-band ; the best thing that can bo said of him is that ho died. We are very good friends Margaret — that is all; aud she is lonely, aud needs a friend if she can get ono. You would love her yourself if you kuew her — but you never will, because you are jealous of her. Women are always jealous of each other." Margaret was full of joy at what he said, and only, too eager to show that she too could have generous thoughts of her supposed rival. ' I am sure William I did riot really believe it/', she said, with a gentle little sigh of ttraukfulness. " And as you "say, sho must be lonely, away from her home aud friends. I have a very great mind to ask her here for the long vncatiou !" " What !" said William, starting to his feet. She 'repeated what sho had said. " Do you really meau it, Margaret ?" " Of course I do. Shall I ?" ' Don't — don't ask me," said the young man, getting up and going away. " But it was a good thought aud a kind one, my dear!" ; He would not urge lier— he had not quite hardihood enough for that — but he weut up and -kissed ber-before he left the room. She was not the first woman who has kuown a Judas, and sold her happiness for a kiss. And so, as a mat ter of course, tho letter to Mrs. Hepburn was written, and the lady, after a little surprise, and a few more entreaties, cauie to visit her. A bad man is bad enough, heaven knows — but from a bad woman heaven preserve us! I think Augusta Hepburn was one. She had never com mitted any great or serious crime, it is true, but there was a vast deal of un scrupulous wickedness in the bottom of her heart, which bid fair to lead her into all kinds of mischief. A sense of . de cency, however, restrained her while she was the guest of her rival, and though she watched Margaret and William curiously when they wore together, sho would not, attract him to her side, by a look or a gesture. Now and't.lien, when tiiey' were left alone Tor'a moment, their eyes met, aud more was -said than could have been uttered iu words. For tho depth and sincerity of tho boy's devotion had touched Augusta's heart, and sho 'loved him almost as much as sho loved another, at Margaret's age, and when she was a purc- heartcd and happy gir'-. .. : Little Margaret, seeing nothing of the by-play which went on if' her back was turned, thought littlo of charming ser pents—or of anything except the noble behaviour of her lover, and tho many good qualities , of hor much-wronged friend, and was as bappy as the day was long. Three weeks of-the month had already passed — there were seven more happy days, arid then tho joys and sor rows of school began again for them and for her. They must make tho most of their time while they were free, she said ivith a piensaut laugh, as sho bade her friend good night at her chamber door, on the evening of the last Suuday but one. It was in tbe Indian summer, and the silltry heat of the day seemed to have deepened into the night— for Margaret could scarcely sloop. Tho air was closd and heavy as if a thunder- storm was coming, and she Inul a dread of thunder. She tossed aud turned for a time, and then went out of ber own room and along the corridor to Augusta's door. She yvus going to beg for company during the storm. She tapped lightly — once — twice— but no answer came, and opening the door, she went up to the bod. It had not been touched — Augusta was not there, and the poor child's first thought was one which drovo the blood away rom her cheek aud then drove it hotly back agaiu. The window was open, and the portico ran along that side of the house. She went and looked out, aud though the night was very dark, she caught a glimpse of two figures sitting upon the little roof, and heard voices speaking. She listened to catch a word, and heard her own name at once. It'was William who w.as speaking, and she had never . heard such tenderness in his voice be fore. " Margaret ? O ! Why will you keep that name before me continually, my love ! You know bow I worship you, and how I bate her for standing between us as she does," " Aud as she always will do," said the clear distinct tones of Mrs. Hepburn. He stamped his foot and ground his teeth in desperation. " She shall not, Augusta. By Heaven, if you will but say you will be my wife, I will rid myself of her to-morrow !" " And draw down the wrath of these stupid people on my poor heid: Thank you." " They never will dare to blame you, Augusta." She laughed a little, hard bitter laugh. " Then they will be vastly less courageous than they are now, William. There is not au ill thing happens to any old wretch within twenty miles that is not charged to .ray score. Oh, the wo men lovo me — they always do — nearly as well as I love them. But that cannot be helped." " Ah, if you would only let me protect you !" sighed the boy. " No one should daro say one word against you then — or if they did, they should answer for it with their heart's blood." " Would you really do so much for me ?" " Try me and see." " No — no — I bavo no need," said tho preceptress hastily. " These aro not be days of Don Quixote, and you must ride no tilts against windmills. But I like to think that you really do lovo me, my poor boy — though I dare say it would be far better for you if you did not." " Why — when you lovo me — back again." " Listen to mo," said Augusta calmly. " We love eaob other with our whole hearts — do we not H" " I loved you and only you from the first moment when I saw you !" It was all true then, aud he had lied to her, thought poor Margaret abovo. ' You would sacrifice your lady-love, and I would give up my hopes of a name and a place iu life — a hotter name and place than I have now, or than you can give me, William. This is what wo should do for love — but something must be done for prudence also. In tho first place, you must marry Margaret." Ho sprang to his feet with an oath. " Are you mad, Augusta ? I would not marry Margaret now if she hud a Queen's dowry. Do you think, after knowing and loving you, I could' take such a pale, tame creature. as that in your place? Noyer! I wish with all my heart she was dead, and in her grave, where I could hear of her no more !" ' The pale girl clasped her hauds, and prayed with tho tears streaming down her cheeks — " Oh, God! what have I done that he should bate me so? Oh, God, forgive him— he does riot mean it !" The wretched Margaret had heard enough — this oruel blow crushed her to the very earth. She clasped her hands above her head and fled wildly away — praying no more either for them or for herself, but feeling that the heavens were darkened, and the face of God hid den from her sight. " What is that?" said Augusta, start ing up suddenly from her seal. "What?" " I saw — I am certain I saw — some thing white glide across the yard and go out into the road." " There are uo ghosts here, Augusta." ' There it is again. Do you sco it ?" "No. .Where?" T,hey both bent forward and gazed into tho gloom, but nothing stirred, ex cept the wind that rustled through the trees with a moaning sound. A vivid flash of lightning shot aoross the sky, and a. deafening thunderbolt scared the guilty lovers so that thoy separated,. and tossed all night npon their restless beds. William was the first to rise in the morning, and going down the stairs, found the great front door open aud the rain beating into.' Margaret's favourite pii'flour. Ag h'e. Wetit ffflrt'o cloel t," lie saw tbo track of small feot iu the soft ground. They led out into the road, and a dreadful fear shook him from head to foot. He'rushed up into Margaret's chamber. It was empty. " Margaret ! 0 God forgive me !" lie cried out, and ran to hor. father, who dressed himself hurriedly and went out to look for the lost girl,, crying like a child,' Thoy did not have to search loug. Close beside the great bed of water lilies in the pond, tbey 6aw ber white dress, and the tangled leaves and roofs were bearing her up though she was quite dead. At this sight William uttered a dreadful cry and sprang into tbo pond. He was the best swimmer in the town yet when he reached iier, he ODly flung one arm around her, and seemed, about to sink. "Keep up your heart, William," shouted the farmer on the bank, who was too old to help. him if he needed help. Th'e boy looked round and smiled a strange smile — ho was white as death, arid only waved bis hand' in answer to the old man's cries for help. Then kiss ing tho pale lips of Margaret, ho let himself siuk down beneath the water lilies still holding her in bis arms, and all was over before the farm aervatits reached tbe spot. " The old map, wild with grief, could t ' i LOL/n j , ij u I never understand how his boy had failed to save himself, but when the tale was told to Augusta Hepburn, she turned white and burst into an awful passion of tears. She could understand the atone ment his remorse bad prompted him to offer to his victim, and without looking at the bodies she left the village that day for ever. She living her old gay life, is the wife of a banker, and ono of the leaders of fashion in New York : but not for all her diamouds would I have some of the "memories that rankle in her breust. They buried the lovers in one grave, in a little grove beside the poud. The village girls. go with their lovers to gather water-lillios and talk about Margaret while thejaoonday sun is shining — but at night no one passes tho lonelv spot, and the little poud lies glittering iu the' moonbeams, like an ever open eye in the depths of the forests, beariug witness to God of the tragedy that broke the old farmer's heart and made a deserted ruin of the house upon tbe hill. 