A VERITABLE " GHOST STORY." "In the month of September, 1857, Captain G?W??, of the 6th (Inniskilling) Dragoons, went out to India to join his regiment. His wife remained in England, residing at Cambridge. On the night between the 14th and 15th of November, 1854, towards morning, she dreamed that she saw her husband, looking anxious and ill upon which she immediately awoke, much agitated. It was bright moonlight; and looking up, she perceived the same figure standing by her bedside. He appeared in his uniform, the hand pressed against his breast, the hair dishevelled, the, face very pale. His large dark eyes were fixed full upon her their expression was that of great excitement, and there was a peculiar contraction of the mouth, habitual to him when agitated. She saw him, even to each minute particular of his dress, as distinctly as she had over done in her life; and she remembers to have noticed between his hands the white of the shirt bosom, unstained, however, with blood. The figure seemed to bend forward, as if in pain, and to make an effort to speak; but there was no sound. It remained visible, the wife thinks, as long as a minute, and then disappeared. " Her first idea was to ascertain if she was actually awake. She rubbed her eyes with the sheet, and felt that the touch was real. Her little nephew was in bed with her she bent over the sleeping child and listened to its breathing; the sound was distinct; and she became convinced that what she had seen was no dream. It need hardly be added, that she did not again go to sleep that night. " Next morning she related all this to her mother, expressing her conviction, though she had noticed no marks of blood on his dress, that Captain Derwas either killed or grievously wounded. So fully impressed was slid with the reality of that apparition that she thenceforth refused all invitations. A young friend urged her soon afterwards, to go with her to a fashionable concert, reminding her that she had received from Malta, sent by her husband, a handsome dress cloak, which she had never yet worn. But alike positively declined, declaring that, uncertain as she was whether she was not already widow, she would never visit a place of amusement until she had letters from her husband (if, indeed, he still lived of later date than the 14th of November, " It was on a Tuesday, in the month of December, 1857, that the telegram regarding the actual fate of Captain W.?- was published in London. It was to the effect that he was killed before Lucknow on the fifteenth of November. " This news, given in the morning paper, attracted the attention of Mr. Wilkinson, a London solicitor, who had in charge Captain W-'s affairs. When at a later period this gentleman met the widow, she informed him that she had been qui be prepared for the melancholy news, but that, she felt sure her husband could not have been killed on the loth of November, inasmuch as it was during the night between the 14th and 15th that he appeared to herself. "The cortiGcnto from the War Office, however, which it became Mr. Wilkinson's duty to obtain, confirmed the date given in the telegram ; its tenor being as follows: ,"? War Office, "'30th January, 1858. "I These are to, certify that it appears, by the records in this office, that Captain G W?-, of the 6th Dragoon Guards, was killed in action on the 15th of November, 1857.; i ..-. ?.:'-¦-,?.',...._ ... ,- .:.?-..; (Signed) '"B. Hawes.' " While Mr. Wilkinson's mind remained in uncertainty as to the exact date, a remarkable incident occurred, which seemed to oust further suspicion, on the accuracy of the telegram and of the certificate. That gentleman was visiting a friend, whose lady has all her life had perception of apparitions, while her husband is what is usually called an impressible medium; facts which are known, however, only to their intimate friends. Though personally acquainted with them; I will not at liberty to give their names. Let us call them Mr. and Mrs. N?-.' '..;.. ,,:'. " Mr. Wilkinson related, to them, as a wonderful circumstance, the vision of the captain's widow in connection with his death, and described the figure as it had appeared, to her. Mrs. N???, turning to her husband, instantly said, That must be the very person I saw, the evening we, were talking of India, and you draw an elephant, with a howdah on his back. Mr. Wilkinson has described his exact position and appearance; the Uniform of a British officer, his hands pressed across his breast, his form bent forward as if in pain. The figure, she added' to Mr. W-, appeared just behind my husband, and seemed looking over his left shoulder.' as : ."."'Did.you attempt to obtain any communication from him?' Mr. Wilkinson asked. ; . 6-,-, 6 3 . ? : < "I Yes; we procured one through the medium of my husband. ' , " Do you remember its purport?' "I It was to the effect that he had been killed in India that afternoon, by a wound 'in" the breast; and adding; as I distinctly remember, " That thing I used to go about runs riot buried yet." : I particularly re. marked the expression.' I i When did this happen ?' "'About nine o'clock in the evening, several weeks ago; but I do not recollect the exact date.' "'Can you not call to mind something that might enable you to fix the precise day?' " Mrs. N??- reflected. ' I remember nothing, she said at last, except that while my husband was drawing, and I was talking to a lady friend who had called to see us, we were interrupted by a servant bringing in a bill for some German vinegar, and that, as I recommended it is superior to English, we had a bottle brought in for inspection.' " ' Did you pay the bill at the time ?' "' Yes : I- sent out the money by the servant-' "' Was the bill receipted?' "' I think so; but I have it upstairs, and can soon ascertain.' " Mrs. N produced the bill. Its receipt bore date the fourteenth of November! "This confirmation of the widow's conviction as to the day of her husband's death, produced so much impression on Mr. Wilkinson, that he called at the office of Messrs. Cox 3 and Greenwood, the army agents, to ascertain if there was no mistake in the certificate. ; But nothing there appeared to confirm any surmise of inaccuracy. Captain W's death was mentioned in two separate despatches of Sir Colin Campbell; and in both the date corresponded with that given in the telegram. 'Also matters rested, until, in the month of March, 1858, the family of Captain W--. received from Captain G-0 2, then of the military train, a letter dated near Luck- now, on the 19th of December, 1857. This letter informed them that Captain W had been killed, before Lucknow, while gallantly leading on the squadron, riot on the 15th of November, as reported in Sir Colin Campbell's despatches, bilton the fourteenth. in the afternoon. Captain C-was riding close by his side at the time he saw him full. He was struck by a fragment of shell in the breast, and never spoke after he was hit. He was buried at the Dilkusha; and on a wooden cross, erected by his friend, Lieutenant R-;, of the 9th Lancers, at the head of his grave, are cut the initials G. W. and the date of his death, 14th of November, 1857. " The War Office finally made the correc- tion as to the date of death, but not until more than a year after the event occurred. Mr. Wilkinson, having occasion to apply for an additional copy of the certificate in April, 1857, found it in exactly the same words as that which I have given, only that the 14th of November had been substituted for the 15th. " This extraordinary narrative was obtained by me directly from the parties themselves. The widow of Captain W kindly consented to examine and correct the manuscript, and allowed me to inspect a copy of Captain C's letter, giving the particulars of her husband's death. To Mr. Wilkinson, also, the manuscript was submitted, and kb assented to its accuracy so far as he is concerned. That portion which relates to Mrs. N-I had from that lady herself. I have neglected no precaution, therefore, to obtain for it the warrant of authenticity. ; ? "It is, perhaps, the only example on record where the appearance of what is usually termed a ghost proved the means of correcting an erroneous date in the despatches of a commander-in-chief, and of detecting an inaccuracy in the certificate of a War Office. "It is especially valuable, too, as furnishing an example of a double apparition. Nor can it be alleged (even if the allegation had weight that the recital of one lady caused the apparition of the same figure to the other. Mrs. W.? was at the time in Cambridge, and Mrs. N- in London and it was not till three weeks after the occurrence that either knew what the other had seen. " Those who would explain the whole on the principle of chance coincidence have a treble event to take into account; the apparition to Mrs. M--, that to Mrs. W--, and the actual time of Captain W-'a death j each carrying exactly with the other." Owen's " Footfalls on the Boundary of Another World." The Times of Friday, June 21, consisted of three sheets of eight pages each twenty-four pages, containing 144 columns? and of this space, seventeen pages and three columns (or 105 columns) are entirely taken up with advertisements. The Times says it is the largest production over issued from the daily press, and hopes it will not he found too large for. A Constant Reader" on the longest day of the year. The number of advertisements is 4000. " The skull of Dick Turpin, under a glass shade, many years in the Morley family, of York." That was one of the lots put up to auction, at a sale of " genuine furniture" last Friday, in Church-street, Soho. Tlio'piobo of bone sold for fourteen shillings glass shade and all, Gesedatj Manteuitel, of the Prussian service, who lately challenged a Prussian legal functionary to a duel and fought him, has got into difficulty for his pains. He has been sent to the military fortress at Magdeburg to be imprisoned for three months. According to the last census, the details of which have just been made up, the population of Spain is 15,088,000 souls, The New York Times says:?" A curious development reaches us from Washington, It is to the effect that among the telegrams recently seized by order of the Government, has been found incontestable proof that Mr. James E Harvey, lately appointed Minister to Portugal, was the first person who telegraphed to Governor Pickens of South Carolina, information relative to the Fort Sumter expedition and its strength. He is a native of South Carolina, hut has been for years pro- fessedly devoted to the Free soil party. He will of course he immediately recalled.,'^ 