ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. Roy M Hotol»;Sydnoy, September 19. 1861, To thf 'Editor of- the Toowoomba Chronicle. Dear Sir.— Your two last issues of 29th August and 5th September have just reached ino, together with sundry other Queensland papers. How comes tbis delay? I'm afraid vour uostal arrniicrcmnntq ard not so certain and axpeditious as tboy are in Now South Wales and Victoria. 'This is a great drawback to community In a young country like Queensland. If yoor communications and initio are so dolaycd. it is only natural to assume that othors aro likewise. Trade and Commerce must sutler accordingly, while correspondence must bo so materially curtailed in consequence of uncertainty of postal delivery, that it not only puts all to a great social inconvcuicnco, but must materially diminish tho post oflice rovonuo. The rapid and punctual dalivory of letters is ono of tho first thlngs to aim at to promoto the interests of all countries. Good postal arrangements may almost be 'said to bo tbo life-blood of tho people. It is to the very extraordinary and expeditious despatch of m'tils _that Rowland llill attributes liis great success. 'Although tho postngo rates have been reduced by him from 6d.,' 10d., and Is., &c.;, Ac.. Ac., to one penny, tho revenue of tho post.ofliee of tho United Kingdom stendily increases. Lot. us hopo the Government of Queensland will give especial study and attention to so momentous a subject. T)f Sydnoy nows I have to relate that in parlia ment a groat dual of talk has been going on. Slippery Charley declares ho won't go out unless tho House brings forward and carries a direct voto of censure against him nud hia political pals. Allen, the protectionist, alias the colonial soap and tallow man, declares tiiat Charley always plays the best rubber of all players. lie makes all jjis trumps toll, and still holds the ace of trumps till tho last, to crown the gamo and lick his antago nists. Charley persists ho will go on with nothing In tho House until tho Land Hills are first passed. This is his saving gamo. but for this I verily bo- lieve he would not hold oflice twenty-four hours. ' lit iinnonttlnrSlv nn Mm initioa no w«»ll ,, , », c..j. noy, on tho promises made, but not carried out, with respect to the Chinese, daily increases. His Government, too, is severely censured for tho arbi trary and tyranical way in which they have ar rested so many riotert, or rather assumed rioters, at Durrangoug. Borne have proved alibis most cluuriy and distinctly. In must of tho other cases perjury, to a frightful oxtent, is imputed both to witnesses and the police. On which side it mainly rests it is bard to say; but tbo police certainly have tint tho benefit of any doubts on tho subject. Mr. Ilolrovd conducted the defence for tho prisoners. He spoke for nn hour and a half, anil so much to the point that he gained a complete acquittal of every defen dant. It is said ho gets £20U. Judge Wise is con sidered to have conducted his court most admirably, notwithstanding tho high excitement of thousands of people who crowded round and crammed tho building. -Mr. Engineer Whitton has just published a most elaborate report on Hailway Extension. lie shows pretty clearly that tho cost uf horse traction is con- aidcruhly under locotnutivo engine power, but. for lasting, economy, and superior advantages, suggests team by all means, Shakespeare's " All the world's a stage, and all tho men arid women merely players," is likely to bo verified to the letter in this now -world of ours. The Lyceum Theatre has been given opovery Sun day to tho white-chokers, who have been "trying their strength with one another for tho longest sermon, and wrestling for the palm. Tho house lias been crammed almost to suffocation. Talking of Protection and Free Trade, Mr. Minister of Wniks, Arnold, lias got into hot water for importing ruilway carriages rcady-tnade from Loudon, for economy, but, lu and behold, the freight cost ninio than tho articlo itself. As you know, I'm no friend to protection, but, hang it, what wo can make hero let us do by all means, and not 8>cnd our money out of the country, especially while there are sn many me chanics and artiznus out of work. Tho Pitt street tramway will now go ahead, I suppose; but, when completed, will not only bo very unpopular, but mighty inconvenient. \--.The sollcrs of swipes and cordials aro all mustering strongly against Cowpor's Licensing Bill, Anti-Chincso moctings aro still tho go every where. Tho people will havo nothing less than a poll-tax of £10 a bead — only ono Chinaman to ton tonB register of shipping vessels coming with these tawny-coloured vermin— and no licenses to bo granted to a Chinaman after tbo 1st July, 180:1, This is prohibition with a vengeance. Still it must bo admitted they bavo not only cost us many thousands of pounds tor extra police and military, but have caused much heart-burning and annoy ance among tho miners, their wives and children. LEX. P.S., Soptcmber, 21.— Your issue of 12th Sept., fend other papers only this moment arrived, 8.30p.m. The visit of Ills Excellency to Dalby. , rOOM our cokrsspoxitxxt. A mwtlor vu convened on Monday evening last by s > number of tn Inhabitants of this town, for the purpose of Initiating a movement to giro a suitablo reception tobls Ex .cellencyon his expected visit to this pUee. Mr. r. S.llowernian, C. P. 8.. wo duty called to the chair, who declared his Intention of doing his best that Dalby should not bo behind hand in showing her loyalty to her Majesty and her representative of Queensland, Mr. John Sydney then read a ropy of an addms that he proposed might bo adopted and presented to bis Exeellcnny on hU arrlvaL F..W- Itoche, Esq., J. P., then came forward, and also read a copy of an address that he proposed as worthy of the Mr. R.'s address seemed to electrify the majority of the ISieetUur, and was highly applauded. Mr. Sydney here respectfully begged to withdraw his ad- dress, which was duly responded to. This manuer of proceed ing seriously disturbed that gentleman's bile, causing him at once to enter Into political matters, condemning the doings of oar member, In his absence. In a most unwarrantable and un- Enttemanly manner. Tbo meeting railed him to qrder, and ' then called them a set of Ignoramuses, and aaid they did not know how to vote, thus shewing his own Incapacity to . advise or treat on pnblle matters. Dalby, 6th October, 1861. Sib Dakibl Cooper.-—' Wo havo fair grounds for informing our subscribers in Now South Wales that Sir Daniel Cooper, kuiglit, late Speaker of their Legislative Assembly, will shortly rucoivo tho honour of a baronotago. Sir Daniel's all but fabu- Joint opulence, his princely munificonce, both in ' colonial and imperial matters (it will bo remem bered, fur instanco, that ho subscribed £100Q to tho -Patriotio Fund, ami £500 a-year as long as the ivar lasted), his support of art, science, and Htcraturo in the young community from which he lia3 lately re turned, his high moral cliutuclur and mental attain- meat, and, above nil. tho admirable manner in .which, when responsible government was first in stituted in Ke»v .South Wales, ho discharged tho onerous duties of Speaker, and kept a body of in- experienced senators in order— all combine to show huw well-duscrvvd will bo Ilio honour which, as wo have aaid. wo have fair groumls for belioving it is intontion of her Majesty to bestow upou biin. — Oriental JJudget, July I, Adelaide.— Thursday, 20th ScplombQr.— Tho Commissioner of Crown Lands stated in the House of Assembly thnt information Imd been brought jiito town by police trooper James Howe concern ing Burke's party. It appears that a black, named Sambo, accompanied by Mr. Dakbr'sntncktnnii, told tho tjroopor thnt sumo white men wore living and fishing on a lake about two sleeps oir, which would 1)0 Cooper's Creek. They had something with thcin which Sambo said was nut horses, butmaking a mark ou tho ground ho drew something like a camel. Tho police trooper overtook Mr. M'Kinlny's ond it was expected ho could reach the naked white men on tho 20th July. Sarobo produced some hair, which evidently belonged to white men. —Thursday, 5 p.m.— A blackfellow brought in news of two whites, naked, living ou a raft in a Inke north-west of Cooper's Creek, subsisting on fish, with camels near them, supposed to be Hurke's party,— Tho black mot M'Kinlay, who will urrivo nt tho spot indicated to-day (Thursday). Thurs day, 620 p.m. — Stuart is back, having crossed tho continonL All well. Thursday, 8. p.in.— Further news received by the Government this afternoon that Stuart and party arrived at Port Augusta en route for Adelaide, All welt. Having been suc cessful in crossing the continent, and only two days without water. — E. M. Herald. Private Whirlpool. — Tho following is an ex tract from the London Gazette, relative to tho gal lant Victorian volunteer who lately received the victoria Cross. ' Private Frederick Whirlpool, ilurd Bombay European Regiment. Recommended for the victoria Cross— fur gallantly voluntering, on tho 3rd April, 1858, in the attack on Jhatisi. to return and carry away several killed and wounded, which ho did twice under a heavy fire from tho wall ; also, for devoted bravery, at tho assault of Lahore, on tho 2nd May, 1858, in rushing to tho rcscuo of Lieutenant Donne, of the same Regiment, who was dangerously wounded. In this service Prlvato Whirlpool received seventeen desperate wounds, ono of which neurly severed his head from his body. Tho gallant example shown by this man is considered to bavo greatly contributed to tbo success of tho day." Wo should say that private Whirlpool deserves the distinction conferred nn him. A man whose head hod nearly been severed from his body," and sui vivos to meet the enemy on a future occasion must bo worth half-a-dozen com mon men. Madeline Smith.— It will bo romcmbnrcd. says tho Plymouth Journal , that sumo timo since Mude- lmc Smith was put upou her trial for poisoning her sweetheart, a Frunchtnau, but after a long investi gation tho caso was declared, in Scotch legal phrase, to have been " not proven." It was said that this young lady immediately afterwards had i been scut to Australia, whoro it was hoped that amongst tho great family of the Smiths, her nainu would bo altogether last, and that she would bo ablo to rctrievo her . position. Uowevcr. she has lately turned up iu the neighbourhood of Plymouth. A groat dual has been done hero of lato in tho way of Homes for Fullen Wornon, and one of tho cleri cal gentleman, who has been vorv prominent in this peculiar business, has had a fascinating voting lndy in his house and under his care, for whom it was said ho was receiving £200 per annum. This syren, like the furi ous ladies uf old, shot her arrows into many u heart, but all the voting gentle men who eamo near her were mvstcrimislv cau tioned not to bo entangled. Hut where is the man who could withstand the blandishments of vouth and beauty and coquetry? Hulf-a-scoro of the sterner sex were struck to tho heart by her iu no time. Although she was permitted to see society, and went to church on all proper occasions, she was, we are informed, never formally introduced. Still, the want of thnt formality was no want to her. as in proved by the fact that she has left our home circle and gone away to bo married to an inspired lover of the tine arts. Electric 1 klecjuai'ii —The batteries, furniture, and 'other necessary appliances for tho telegraph oftico at Warwick, were yesterday forwarded from Ipswich.- In all probability wo shall obtain regular telegraphic communication between Ipswich and Warwick within the next ten days.— North Aus' tralian. October 4. Sir George Bowen left town on Tuesday morning to make his annual progress — this year through the Burnett District, returning by way of Mary borough. Accompanying him are the Colonial Trea surer, who, I imagine, intends giving to his consti tuents an account of his stewardship ; and Lieu tenant Bligh, with some native police, to act as body- guard. In reply to addresses, no doubt, the inhabitants of the district— like those of the Darling Downs last year— will, in the pompous and florid eloquence of his Excellency, be assured of the gratification felt by him in witnessing the elements of elegance and refinement everywhere throughout the district: of his having been re minded, by some of the scenery he witnessed, of spots famed in classic history; and should he during his tour have been visited by the " Ghost of Ban Ban," that that apparition brought forcibly to his mind the appearance of Caesar's ghost to Brutus, in his tent on the plains of Sardia. Whe- ther this be the case or not, it is much to be hoped that the visit will result in something ben ficial to the district than the novelty of vice-regal ovations, and its being praised for "the loyalty of its inhabitants.— Brisbane Correspondent of the North Australian. The Guardian has the following:— The Sydney Savings Bank have taken £50.000 of tho Queensland Loan at 105, and tho Liverpool and London Insurance Company £20.000 at 104. Tho tenders recoivod havo been so numerous that it is ovidont a much larger sum might havo boon raised on easy terms. Wo hear that Mr. W. D. White, M.L.C., lately had a narrow escape from drowning In endeavour ing to cross the Logan River when in a Hooded state. He lost two horses, and was himself carried away, -but managed to save himself by soixing hold of the branch of a tree. We hear from very good authority (by private letter) tbat Miss Burdett Coutts is about sending out 250 British families to Queensland at her own expense. We regret to learn that Lieutenant Phibbs, of the Native Police Force, is supposed to have been drowned in attempting to cross a lagoon near Rockhampton. The friends of Mr. Hcimler will be. glad to hear that tbat gentleman nrrivod safely In Plymouth by tbo Tiptrce. July 22nd, having boon 118 days at sea. Mr. Housslcr intended to start immediately for tho Continent to commonco his dutios as Foreign Emigration Agent for Queensland. A contract 1ms been takon to snpply Messrs- Melville and Travis with 1.000.000 feet round pino annually. This is but tbo commencement of a trade which will, when tho saw-mill gets into opera tion. swell our exports to a very considerable amount — Maryborough Chronicle, Sept., 26. Municipal.— As will be scon from our report of last Saturday's meeting. Alderman Howard has resigned his oflice, and there will consequently bo another nomination on Saturday next. Wo hopo tho electors will bo, punctual, .that tho farcical pro- ceedings of Saturday Inst may not bo again re pented. The Council will havo from £1500 to £2000 to expend within the next six months: it is vary desirable, thorcfore, that good men should be returned. We bolievo that it would be far Letter to have commissioners appointed nt once than for elections to bo made in a way similar to tbo Inst. Those remarks must not bo understood to have a personal application, but wo cannot help entering our protest agalust such apathy as was exhibited on Saturday last. — Ibid. The Sydney Corporation have dlrcoverod a grant of Governor Marquaric'ff, whrn-by they nre entitled to a thousand acres of land near the Victoria Barrack. The Wnp/a Watrga Express reports that Judgo Dlake lost his wny while colng from that pltee to Altiury, nnd only M picked hlmwlf up" nt a «tatlon at Iiurknnglngle, about mid night. He had some difficulty in pcrruadlng the hutkeeper (who presented his revolver at him) that he vr.is a respectable person. The Roman Catholic Chapel at Kiama was broken into some day during iMt week, and aeveral books and oilier articles were taken away,—' Dtauilnur,' Sept. 24. StLT-MABE Mrs.— -Mr. Arthur ltodvon was to deliver a lec ture in St. John' school-room, Newcastle, on the 30th ultimo, the title being " Self-Mode Men." Captaln ltnndall with hi email steamer ttemlnl, forty horse power. In) proceeded considerably above the junction uf the Nnmot and the Ilarwin, and ou hi return paused up the Xainoi tn W&lgctt.; Tho trip from the Junction of the Darling to iVnlx«'lt, occupied A month. — ' Newcastle Chronicle.' Intelligence hat reviled Sydney, via Auckland, that five soldiers bare been killed while relieving guard at Taranakl, by native. The American ship Competitor has nearly met a similar fate to the Sovereign of th Seas. A Sydney paper fays s " On In specting the place It was found that n cuek of keroflnc oil, two earkfl of tar, and a cak of pork, stored at tho foot of the fore mast, had been completely burnt, nnd that the fire had at length communicated with the iimslve timber of which the fhlp Ik built. The beam Immediately abaft the furo hatch is much burnt, and tho knee adjolniug it nnd the vessel'. side completely destroyed. Another fifteen minutes and nothing would hare flared this fine ressel from destruction, the flru being In ouch a position thnt the water from the engine could not act upon it from the deck. IMPOUNDED AT LITTLE IPSWICH.— From Fassifern. Driving nnd trespass, £1 per head. — Grey horse, 11L con joined off-sliouldcr and neck, 138 near ribs; bay horse, strenk down face, over JE with M under, near-shoulder; brown horso, star, liko JP over T near- shoulder; bay horse, star, like JV conjoined JN near-shoulder; bay horso, liko 1 over 1) nenr- sbuulder; iron-grey horse, blaze, Oover near- shoulder; bay mare, near-hind foot white, hollow hack, no Icgiblo brand; roan horse, blaze, nuar- hiud foot tvhiio, JC near-shoulder ; iron-grey mare, bluzo, like W over RL conjoined (tho 11 reversed) ncnr- shonlder ; roan eiitirc, hind feet white, liko M over M near shoulder ; hrotrn mare, star, KM near- shoulder, W over C off-shoulder; black mare, olF- hind foot white, fl ticnr-shouldcr, nnd brown filly foal ; grey tnaru. J Y off- shoulder, W ncar-sbouldcr, and bay hore foal ; bay mnro, hind feet white. D hi circle near-shoulder, IIL conjoined off-shoulder; brown mare, nenr-bitid foot white, liko YM off- shoulder, blotched; grey mure. All over S near- shoulder. JP near ribs; black borse, blotch near- ribs; brown mare, hind-feet and near- fore foot white, star, JL near shoulder; chesnut . mare, H near shoulder, liuul feet whito, blaze down face; bay horse, hind feet white, CI over E near- shoulder, 13 ofl-ribq, star ; bay horse, blaze, CI over E. near- shoulder, I near-ribs, 80 off-ribs; brown horse, hind feet white, star, liko AW conjoined off-shoulder, 181 oif-ribs; brown marc, RL conjoined near-shoulder, (tho R conjoined), liko T over A off-shoulder, star. If not released on or before the 2 will bo sold. A. Uazknramp, Poumlkucp&r.; 