IPSWICH. (I'BOM OUB OWN:CORBESrONriENT.) " '; ' '. Yesterday, (Monday.)? Until the arrival pf the Courier,, on Satur- day, I had rip idea thi\t Ben Bolt's nameiwas omitted in the .entrances for. tho champion race. You /say- truly that tho omission1 i's inexplicable. I took considerable pains ? to verify tho accuracy of my list;'andi not con- tent with comparing notpsj- Iiipplied to the secretary, who kindly allowed mo to check: first tho telegram, and afterwards the fuller account, by tho entrance book. V Tho only plea I eau offer in mitigation of niy offence is, that as I knew, and.everyone else know, what horses were entered for that.particular race!; and, ns tho other entrances were only just' 'declared,', my anxiety was directed mainly to tho latter, I givo this explanation,' if it can be called one, merely toshow how much annoyed ? I am at the blunder, lest' some of Ben Bolt's friends should suspect me of omilting it intentionally. If that, or'any other horse had "been scratched, yo.il may be sure I should have said so. There is an omen in tho omission I howled quite sure that Ben will bo the winner. . The most noteworthy event I have to re- cord is the arrival in Ipswich of the Roman Catholic Bishop, Dr. Quinn. A large num- ber of persons awaited his coming on the wharf, and followed him up to the chapel, where, however, he did not, there and then address them. Yesterday, I, in common with many Prolestants, attended the morning service. The Rev. Mr. McGinty officiated The chapel was crowded to excess. It is not a very large, although it is a very beautiful building; bul I think I may safely affirm that the congregation was the most numerous that I have ever seen in Ipswich. The Bishop preached. His text was 'Go ye into all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost; lo! I am with you all days, even unto the consummation of the world." The Bishop is a first-class extempore preacher, gifted with that impressive, earnest, and authori- tative manner, for which the Romish clergy, all the world over, have ever been dis- tinguished, that is, when they can preach. He spoke of the Feast of the Holy Trinity, and then of the doctrines of the Trinity. From this he passed to doctrines of the church generally. The law of Christ was no code of precepts committed to writing. The doctrino of Christ was to bo found in tho living' practices of the church. These wero^the sacraments of bap- tism, confirmation, the Eucharist, the insti- tution of a clerical order, penitence, sud the remission of sins,', extreme unction, and to which might bo,' added marringc. The doctrines of tho church wore also to be found in its practises, such "as tho celebration of her festivals nnd fasts. So completely was this!tho case, that, if every word contained in tho sacred ".writings and all othor hooks were : swept' but,1 of existence, the church would stilLrcmiiin the same that she was on tho ! day, bf Pentecost. The origin of Christianity was divine, and thc gift of the Holy Ghost, was the sole reason why the church existed , and continued to propagate the teachings of Christ. / Mon differ when they can, and were there anything of human origin in Christianity, tho Church could nevor have remained united. This nf ci'itrso is a very imperfect sketch,, from memory, nf tho topics touched upon. ''1 come amongst you," said tho Bishop,"' because I was sent by God. Twas not asked to become tho pastor of this flock- It wbb not at my re- quest, not because I preferred this climate or this country. That is merely a matter of tasto. It was liot'lhat 1 wished to exchange tho ties of home fora residence here. Il was a mutter of duty. I first learned my appointment from a newspaper. Thc man appointed of GodHnid ' So and so is Bishop of that Seo,' and whon I saw my name, I did not know that it was mine, nor until I received the authentio letters did I know but that it was some other man. I am hero, and my duty is to teach you, and your duty j is to learn lo obey. Tho worst, curse which Ged sent upon his ancient people was giving them bad pastors.' It is not of my own ability that I cari do my duty lo you, and therefore you must incessantly pray for mc, :-my children, that God may impart to me -those graces which are necessary for the dis cliargoof this duly."' Some of the words I can remember, the' manner . of course M -' cannot convey. Apart from ¦the, certainty that lhere are many bf your 'readers who are catholics;, and who cannot yet have had an opportunity of hearing their Bishop, I''have penned these trifling notes of a: riingniticent sermon, to show the Roriian Catholics that it is not n matter of indiffer- ence to Protestants, but rather of sincere rejoicing that they should haye Ihp services of so good a pastor. ¦"" Considering that it was Trinity Sunday, it is not very remarkable that the Rev. Mr. Rumsey should hava preached from"the' same ¦ text in the evening. [-' Thc treatment of tho text was very different;, but [your' readers'must; excuse any. attempt' pri;,my ?part to exhibit the 'difference, as my time' is already-gone.';:;, ' .'- /, - '.'"( ,,.,[-:[; ,.'; ¦ '? Thorp are Olio :br" two fbpics'to which/T should briefly allude'.- One cousequcn.ce [of the insufficiency bf the sum appropriated, tb the repair of tho.Racecourse Road is, that some 'of the- roads aro left in a very danger- ous state. One in particular, which Brisbane people are in danger of choosing, as it is the shortest road . to the Racecourse from Brisbane, ' runs up between Mr. Craies's and Mr. Walsh's, leaving, the Booval road just below Mr'.' Kilner'shouse... There is a large iand dangerous holo thara. Mr. Cardew with a hbrsoand gig got into it the other day ; and only last Saturday afternoon, the horso.wbich' drew tho hearse in.which:Mr. Holdsworth's"' remains;were being conveyed lo tlie place of burial; gbt-.inlo thesarrie dangerous bog.. Mri' Cullen was7 about [repairing this place; bli- the,'?police magistrate deolined to sanction' any expenditure there, and I believe, mainly in".consequence bf this?Mr. C.-th row upthe' conduot'of the works. ?¦r:!:.-7: 