MELBOURNE MEMORANDA. [FBOU OUB OWJt SPECIAL COEBESPO>DENT.] MELBOURNE, JUNE 27. It is most unfortunate that the debate on the Appropriation Bill, which took place in the Assembly on Tuesday night, should have happened on the eve of the departure of the English mail. Nothing more damaging to the colony could possibly have occurred. What account of our political condition does this mail take to Europe ? A weak and needy Government is voted by a majority of two to one not to possess the confidence of either the House or the country. In the face of this vote, it procures from the Governor the power to dissolve Parliament; and, on Tuesday night, when the Appropriation Bill is to be introduced, a deficit of something like £400,000 in the revenue for the year up till now is discovered. In this state of our finances, the Opposition declare that they will not pass the Appropriation Act till the Government gives some indication of how this alarming deficiency is to be made up. A long discussion ensues, in the course of which die adjournment of the debate is proposed, and ultimately, atone o'clock yesterday morning, carried against Ministers by twenty-six to sixteen. This is the latest intelligence from Victoria that the June mail conveys to England; and what its effect in Capel Court witf be it is not difficult to determine. How the Weekly Bhpatch and our other detractors will chuckle over " Another crisis in Victoria"—" Alarming deficiency in the revenue" " Refusal of Parliament to pass the Appropriation Bill"—" Defeat of the Ministry, and impending dissolution of Parliament,"—and a host of other equnllv attractive catch head, inns, which the Fleet-street newspaper men know so well how to concoct. Last night, on noing into Committee of Ways and Means, Mr. Verdon, the Treasurer, condescended to go a little into figures, and to show that the deficiency would be nothing like what was stated on the previous night. On the faith of this explanation the Appropriation Bill was brought in, and passed through its different stages. But it is really surprising that Ministers did not see the absolute necessity that existed for this having been done on Tuesday night. It is impossible to estimate the mischief that this neglect will effect in England; and how the fact that Tuesdav was the last mail night could have escaped" the notice of both Government and Opposition it is difficult to imagine. Certainly no better expedient for damaging the interests of the colony at home could hava been hit upon. With the view of binding the Government to lose as little time as possible on the occasion of the dissolution, Mr. Nicholson last night moved the insertion of a new clause in the Appropriation Bill, restricting the operation of the Bill to the period between the present time and the last day of August next, unless Parliament were then sitting, and imposing a fine of £1,000. with full costs, and absolute disqualification for future employment in the service of the Government, or any person who should sign or pass warrants on the Treasury for sums provided for in the Bill, after the date mentioned. The Government offered a strenuous opposition to this clause, which was carried, however, at two o clock this morning, by 2G to 19. Mr. Verdon then proposed to take the third reading of the Appropriation Bill on Tuesday : but this was objected on the part of the Opposition, unless a pledge were given that no objection would then be offered to Mr. Nicholsons clause. As no such promise would be given, Mr. Nicholson himself moved the third reading of the Bill, which was accordingly earned and passed. The House then adjourned till Tues^ day next,—the Council having also adjourned till that day. Practically the session is ended;—and' the dissolution will probably take place about the end of next week. The "Contingent" Exploration Expedition, under the leadership of Mr. Howett, started for Cooper's Creek last night. The Jeddo, with the Australian June mails for Europe, sailed from Hobson's Bay, at two p.m. yesterday. Amongst the passengers, is a licuucuiau, * connected with the " . firm , Spiers and Pond, who goes to England, empowered to arrange for the All-England Eleven Cricketers coming out here. No one can but wish him success in . his interesting enterprise. Bcskbixgeus Abboad. A correspondent residing at Hay says:-"A friend writing to roe from the Laclila'n save that there is some desperate bushranging going on up the river. It is asserted that thereits a Hang of nine desperadoes, above Gondoblin, robbing every one they can encounter. One man is reported to haw been slot by them."—Sautter Courier. MWEBS'WlVJS iS THET SHOCID BE.— Not SO bad this, as a description of the kind of "gids to make miners, wives." It is from the BendigoMtertiscr under the signature of. "Astralian"* First. of all, thev must be good coots, for our miners-b iwever, bard-up'—manage to get a first-rate joint every day with the etceteras, and they lite pastry when thecanget it, They must be good laundresses, for they are rather particular to have good white shirts when tliey «o to the theatre, concert, eta They must be good bands with the«pipe-da?,' for it makes the place loot <leiu. They must be good dressmakers, as, if m the bosh, they will have to make their own and Uie children's clothes. They must, also, 'o^sionally Son wood, and not think it too much trouble on Occasions to fetch water. Though they may not have acow, thev may have two or three goats, therefore ftav iillfiave to milk them; also, poulhy to feed, etc Any accomplishment wouldie very desirable, as * would make them more agre^le comMmonB Thej nerhans may have to keep a shanty, so that th<£ had better be teetotallers, and Christian virtue will preserve' Asm from all temptation." "Spobtimi.—Saturday last bring the day appointed for thelong-Ulked-of match between Grey Plover and Whalebone, about 100 persons were on the racecourse at two o'clock the hour named; shortly afterwards the' horses stripped, and were each in turn eagerly scanned by the company. Grey Plover was in superb condition and Whalebone, although his coat was rough, was in far better order than was at first supposed, and this the sequel showed. At twenty minutes past two, the horse* drew up to the starting poBt ana were set in motion by Mr. Mayne, who officiated as starter:— Match for £10. Heat, one mile; weight, 10 stone. Mr. Mackellar'a br. g. Whalebone, late SirWatkin (Doolan) 1 1 Mr. Fell's gr. g. Grey Plover (Pollock) 1 1 Even betting. For the first heat a capital start was' effected. Plover going away with a slight lead, Sir Wattin at his quarters; no change took place until they were more than half-way round, when Whalebone headed the grey, and carrying on the lead to the end, won very cleverly by a length and a half. In the second heat both got away together, Grey-Plover at once rushed to the front and led for half a mile, when his bolt was shot; Whalebone then took the lead, was never again headed, and won in a canter by six lengths.—The next great event was a trotting match between Mr. Iiarmer's gr. g. Newsem, owner up, and Mr. Gurney's chesnut mare, steered by Mr. Walter Fell. The grey led all the way about aB i'aGt as a man could " kick bis hat," he had no occasion to go any fester, as he beat the mare, without an effort' the time occupied in going the two miles was fourteen minutes, or at the rate of eight miles and a half an hour. Mr. Gurney not being satisfied with the result of this match, challenged Mr. Larmer to" trot his marc against the grey, owners up. The challenge was accepted, and the gallant grey made a lementable ex- hibition of his opponent.— Braidmooi Dispatch. Buried Alive.—In a communication on this distressing subject addressed to the Sydney Morning Herald, the following awful case is related : — A young gentlewoman, the Baroness of Armfeld, had arranged for her confinement to take place in the country house of her lather, a wealthy iron-founder at Bystadt, Exhausted by her labour, she sank under tlie pain before the accouchmsnt was finished. In the meanwhile she was to all apearance lifeless. No one could detect that her condition was only a temporary fainting, accompanied with insensibility. Slio was pronounced to be dead, and buried in a family vault under the principal altar of the church. A6 the s.xton returns home at night, he hears as he passes by the church, sighing and wailing, apparently comming up out of tlie| earth. He is horror-struck, and believes he hears the ghost. Ho rushes oU' and relates his adventure to his companions. The most courageous of them venture to the spot from where the cries proceed; (hey hear the words uttered with a weak voice " O, God! mercy! mercy! " Not one of them had the courage to enter the church. A sudden terror compels them to flight, convinced that what they had heard was the cry of some wandering spirit who needed their intercessions. As on the following day the sexton entered the church, a horrible sight presented itself:—a lady who had died in giving birth to a child was swiming in her blood, and holding a dead child in her arms. The unhappy young lady had recovered her consciousness in the coffin. By the discovery, and by the return of consciousness, tlie pains of labour were renewed. In her doubt as to where she was she had the strength to push open the cover of the coffin and to come up out of the vault. Her cries were heard by the Btupid inhabitants of the village. She was helpless and dici* within a short distance of her father's mansion. A Fobtdke in Cabbages.—Market Gardening is sometimes a "paying game," as will be seen from the following case. A few months ago a small party of sagacious and industrious Frenchmen took possession of a well-chosen piece of ground not a hundred miles from Wooragce. They formed a race, fenced, trenched, and otherwise fitted it for receiving a crop of cabbages. The soil seems to have favoured them, and it is said that they have realized a very handsome thing as the result, namely, something like a couple of thousand pounds. This is quite possible, and in their ease verv probable, as may be readily shewn by the estimate' wo shall now give. Cabbages hove bfen steadily worth fourpcnce per pound in. Becchworth, and in'their crop they have weighed from three pound to ten pound per head. Taking the lowest figure they would bring the grower one shilling a piece, and ten thousand can be raised to tho acre, allowing them to be planted two feet apart. This would give five hundred pound returns per acre. But as fast as the ground is cleared new plants can, during the greater portion of the year, be set, and thus the supply iB kept up in steady succession. Rapidity of growth is ihe main requisite of success, and that pro-supposes, a good soil properlv worked, and a plentiful supply of moisture. This fact is worthy noticing, though it is quite possible that all who try to emukte these Vorn'.goe men may not do what they have done.— L Constitution. Abticies toe the Exhibition.'—The articles for exhibition are now being hourly received from all parts, and, to judge from those already sent, we think we may promise a sight well worth viewing. Graet numbers of articles are promised, of all kinds. Painting, wo believe, will be well represented, aud so also will the sister artjjsculpture—some very elegant productions in this art having been promised. Specimens of colonial woods will be exhibited, as likewise, colonial boot-binding of a very superior character; some excellent specimens of leather, raw and manufactured ; needlework, bronzes, pottery, photography, and in fact, articles of every imaginable kind and value, and for every conceiyable purpose, will be exposed to public admiration. Amongst the articles sent in is a verv ornamental English saddle, and also two cases of staffed birds, of superb plumage, set up by John Corbet of Newcastle, in a very elegant manner, and no doubt will attract considerable attention .We believe those articles are for sale. A gallery is being erected for the accommodation of the band, which will enliven the proceedings during the evening. For the purpose of affording amusement to the visitors a galvanic battery, we believe, will be placed at their service. Singclab Fact.—A curious circumstance was told to us the other day. A gentleman resident in Wagga Wa"ga, who arrived in the colony about three or four months ago, when oil" the coast of Portugal, on his voyage out threw overboard a bottle containing a letter directed to his father, to which was appended a slip of paper requesting the finder to forward it to its address in England. Of course the writer never expected to hear anything more of the missive, and had olmost forgotten the circumstance i imagine his surprise when by the last mail he received a letter from home enclosing the identical billet he had thrown into the sea, bearing the postmark of a town in Portugal, where probably the bottle had been Jpicked up, and where the letter had been forwarded,— Wagga Wagga Express. Gold Escobt *bom Bcbbakgokg.—The weekly armed cscort from Lambing Flat arrived in town on Monday evening last with over 2330 ozs., gold=dust. There has been abundance of rain, and the diggers are busily engaged in washing out. As a .sign of improvement we may mention that one of the storekeepers who purchased gold was ofl'ered during the week before last only 27 ozs., but last week was ? ? enabled to purchase upwards of 100 ozs. — Kiss Courier. The Morse's Creek correspondent of the Ovens Constitution of Monday last says :—"For the last week past it has been rain, rain, rain, day aud night, filling the creeks and rivers, flooding the roads, and putting a stop to business in general; in fact, it has been next to premeditated suicide for any man woman, or child to travel any distance. • We however, live in hopes, and the main hope is that, ere this epistle is published in your broad-sheet, there may be a change for the better." The Extloeeb of the Muhrat.—We ret to see that the firm of Cadell, with whoso name the navigation of the river between this colony aud Victoria must be constantly associated, had suspended payment. Captain Cadell has in (his district a numerous body of friends, who are not forgetful of the perseverance and energy with which he has for years endeavoured to utilise the rivers of the distrct, and such will have heard with real sorrow the announcement we refer to.— Pastoral Times. Nattve Oeajtgeb asd Lemokb.—In the of Mr. E. Henty, South Portland there are growing at the present time pot fewer than a hundred oranges and lemons, the trees producing which, though close to tbe coast, seem in no way to suffer from their situation but rather to furnish evidence that it is one well adapted to them—P ortland Chronicle. Pleuro-pneumonia, it is said, is still spreading in the neighbourhood of Wangaratta. The Comm* eioner isetill in the district, and has had several head of cattle destroyed; amongst others, eleven COWB and three calves belonging to Mr. Meldrum. 