STOCKPOBT. (From our own Corresnondent.l Stncknnrt Anril 24. Since my last communication we have had but few slight showers. Rain is anxiously looked for, although seeding continues with unabated energy. V.vpninfr;: nnil mnminirs :ii*f» p\\*pf\«sivp1v' rnlil mill chill. Mr. Jeremiah Watts narrowly escaped with his life on Sunday evening last through falling from the top of a haystack. It appears he was in tho act of removing from the ladder to tho cut when n portion of the hay slipped, and ho was precipitated to the ground with some violence, falling on the back bftlic head and shoulders. He was severely hurt, and fears were entertained of his recovery. However, I am happy to say that on enquiry to-day he was much better. Among other things, I may state that it is no way improbable that we may have something after the style of the Wallaroo mania here. If not so extensive, it is hoped the movemext will prove remunerative enough to enable the place to keen pace with other parts. At all events, splendid indications of copper have been discovered, anil sufficient to justify the belief of a rich mine. I herewith senu you some surface indications I pro cured, which perhaps may be a better illustration than anything further I can say on the subject. The Opera. — On Saturday evening the entertainments consisted of the first act of 'L'EHsire D'Amore,' the farce of 'The Two Polts,' and the pantomime entitled 'Harlequin Bluebeard.' Perhaps no opera could be selected that requires less aid from scenery, machinery, decorations, and dresses,' than this most comic of Donnezitti's numerous 'conceptions; stilltho words and music must be supplemented to a certain ex tent or the stage cannot Ihj sa;d to hold a mirror up to nature. It is, indeed, true tliat Signor and Signora Bianchi are 'Not like thin ghosts or dis embodied cioature-3.;' but with the soul of song which their substantial presence embodies, they treat the audience to little more than, the shadow of a grand opera. The. stage business also is too frequently neglected or executed' in bad taste. A song in an English drama is generally introduced parenthetically; and the dialogue would be quite as, and perhaps maro, intelligible without the in terruptions; therefore, for the sake of the song, the vocalist may be tolerated in ignoring for the moment his assumed character and in exhibiting himself simply as a singer. In the opera it is quite different, the whole story is set to music, and at no time should the singer forget that he has to sus tain a character necessary' to the development of the composition.' It was, therefore, bad taste of Sjgnor Bianchi who, as Nemorina, had to 'give 'expression' to feelings of fondness for and admiration of Adina as she sat read ing, to turn his back upon her attractions that ho might the more effectiually from the footlights sing at the audience. The little Miss Julia liar land had to do as Adina was well done; but 'Mr. J. GregK was by no means haDnv as Belcore. Siznor Orossi is always at home * in Dulcamara, and although on Saturday evening he appeared divested of the pride, pomp, and circumstance of the pony catt, wliioh heretofore did duty_ for the doctors gilded coach, ^-et the reverse o; fortune did not damn his spirits. He proclaimed the infallibility of his skill as boasttngly, the unfailing virtues of his nostrums as boldly, and ridiculod his dunes as heatiUy'as ever. The farce, of the 'Two Polts' has no pretension to originality of either plot or character, and can claim no merit of a literary pro duction. There is in ft that well-worn stage hack the positive old military father, which from the Sir. Anthony Absolute of Sheridan seems an indis pensable ingredient in every hash dishedup by the plain cooks of hi8trionic composition. Tho Two Polts' are poor imitations of Robert Macaire and Jacques Strep thrown into,|arcical instead of melo dramatic situations. The womankind consist of a forward young lady, who somewhat satirically in troduces the'Moclong Bird song, and a lady's maid, wko intrigues to entrap a gentleman into marriage. It is but lustlec to Messrs. T. and G. Leopold to say that while their acting, as might be expected from performers who have usually to exercise their heels more than their heads, was, very extravagant, it was very amusing, 'fbe contrast between a clever ready rogue and. a clumsy cowardly scoundrel was made laughably prominent, and was, if not the moral, the staple of the piece. Then came the pantomime, which, had there not been in it an unredeemed promise, would be worthy of all reasonable com mendation. The title is one calculated to raise, while it reproves curiosity in the juvenile mind; but to those who went expecting to see the great monster of the nursery tale burlesqued, the pan tomime was a delusion and a snare. Upon its first production the lateness of the hour m some, degree justified the omission of the Introduction; but that excuse cannot be al lowed on a second representation, when arrange ments could, awl should have been made to give as promised, a pantomime in its entirety. Unfor tunately also the fragmentary scenes did not im prove on repetition, some of the verbal and pictorial, jokes went off flatly, and the practical fun was more than once sadly blundered. There was a crowded attendance in the pit and gallery; but very few, among whom were His Excellency the Governor and bis Private Secretary, in the boxes. It will be; seen that the present week is announced as the last, and that the performance this evening will consist of 'La Traviata,' the ' Two Jolts,' I and. the Pantomime, 