CHINA. AYe linve pnpers from Hong Kong to tlio 12th of September. The Overland China Mail of that date, ad verting to the death of tho Emperor, savs : — In the far north of his vast empire, where lie lied for safety from tho hands of man, the destroying angel has fallen upon liim, and secured liim within tho bonds of death. Surrounded by tho mural rocks of Tartary, and witllin tlio walls of Zehol, this mighty ruler lias succumbed in tho flower of his youth, and a nation of four hundred millions is cast into mourning. AYhero now are tho vauntings of this imperious prince, who spurned the contact of British power? AYhere are his predictions that tlio " barbarian" armies of Albion and Gaul would be swallowed up by tho frigid elements of a northern winter, or the calorific blasts of summer? Like a second Nicholas, he has boen tlio first to succumb; and as the standard of Eng land waved triumphantly on the Crimean shore, while the Autocrat of all the Russians gave up the ghost, so the same flag now flutters in the hot monsoon from the lands ceded and conceded to British power while the Emperor of tho great Centra! Flowery Kingdom and its many trioutary principalities, lies cold and stiff within his hunting palace on tho northern frontior. Peace to his ashes ! It is not the custom of Englishmen to crow over a (fallen foe, therefore let us leave tho contemplation of such an im portant event in the political history of Chinese Fatherland to tho future, when tho people amongst whom we have taken up our abode, and in whom our chief interests nro centred, have passed over the days of mourn ing, and inaugurated the reign of a new Emperor. Happily, the people aro optimists of tlio most practical kind, and believe in tho doctrine that "whatever is, is right." This belief is vastly convenient for tho ruling powers; and as a matter of inevitable necessity, tlio nation sees in the demise of tho Emperor the destiny of tlie Celestial Kingdom rolling on in the course of time, as it has done for tho last ten thousand yem-s. The will of the deceased Hien Fung not having yet boen made public, tbo name of life successor is still unknown, although it is pro bable that lie has made choice among bis three nearest relations, viz., his infept boh, the brother who was with liim in liis lastillness, and his brother Prince Kung, now in Pekin. In the ovont of life infant soil being nominated, there will bo a regency," and tlie foreign polioy of the nation will most probably continue pacific ; in the event of Princo Kung's acces sion to tho supreme rule tbo same result m ni bs expected, - but as regards tho brother who accompanied his late Majesty to tlio Yehei, it is not so cortain that his inclinations arc likely to be peaceful. As a political erent, the death of Hien Fung cannot be greatly regretted by any party. Tho documents which came to light during our campaign in tho North ' showed that ho kept himself in a state of complete isolation from business, und could only be approached by his advisers in tho moat delicate manner, even when tlie affaire of tho Empire had come to a serious crisis. It is quito reasonable to suppose that under a now ruler the government of China may vo luntarily adopt a more liberal polioy, and aceopt foreign intercourse as an aooomplisbod fact which it is useless as woll as iainolitio to disturb, or in any way endeavour to unsettle. The, Overland Trade Report of tho lltli states that tho restrictions which were placed upon foreigners visiting Pekin appear to have boon removed, and many parties are preparing to visit that capital. Upon the whole, torefen affairs wear n somo'w'nat improved appenrancc. Tho import trade in British manufactures nt Tientsin is highly satisfactory, but there is no export trade, nnd the rigour of the climate is much complained of ; extremo beat in summer, and intense cold in winter. For fivo months tfeo place is frozen up. At Yingtszo (tho port of Nowoliwang) thero is not much prospect of a lurge trade. Tlie country is poor, producing only peas, pulse, etc , wliioh, by u clause in tho treaty, cannot bo exported in foreign bottoms— 30 that ships going there have to return in ballast. Besides this there are several drawbacks— tho climate has all tho objections to which Tientsin is sub ject— the river is shallow and ill-adapted for navigat ion, and it is frozen up 111 tlio winter. An irregular, though a largo trade has boen conducted for somo time at Clicefoo, both in opium and manufactured goods — the only ex ports having been pulse, etc. Tlio trade is now 011 tho wane, not only from its having fallen i-ito direct and legitimate channels, but from tho circumstance of traneit fees having been suddenly levied, which have stopped tlio trade. On the Yangtazokiang trade appears to be thriving famously. 