A FRENCH BISHOP ON THE EMPEROR. Tue publication ol a pamphlet by M. Laguerouniere, director of the French press, accusatory of the Court of Home, and defen- sive of the conduct of the Emperor to the Pope, has called forth a " pastoral " from the Bishop of Poitiers, which, in turn, has called forth the action of the French Go- vernment. The Moniteur says - " The Bishop of Poitiers has published a mande- ment in the Monde, containing allusions offensive to thc Government of thc Emperor, and likely arbitrarily to disturb the con- science of the citizens. The mandement has been subndtted to the high jurisdiction of the Council of State, which is charged to decide in all tases of abuse." The Moniteur also publishes a circular addressed by Count Persigny to the Prefect of Vienne, relating to the above mandement of the Bishop of Poitiers. The Minister says-"I considered it would be contrary to the interests of the Government to screen such excesses from the judgment of public opinion; and I would not, therefore, therefore, take any measures to prevent the publication of docu- ments in which are disclosed with such audacity the secret views of that party which, under the veil of religion, has no other aim than that of attacking the elect of the French people." We give the following extract from the ; pastoral, ia which the Emperor is likened | to Pontius Pilate :-" Pilate, finding that he j gained nothing-that, on the contrary, the ; exactions of those around him were in creas- ; ing and becoming imperious-and under- standing that though he had yielded to ; every demand of the multitude he was on j Hie point of being led on to the last act of ' weakness, ordered water to be brought him. ; lie washed rds hands, and said, * I am inno cent of tile blood of this just man,' and hav- : ing scourged Jesus, he delivered him over : to the JewB to be crucified. But has pps- ] terity ratified the sort of absolution which I Pilate gave to himself? And thc washing | of his hands, did it make him innocent with j ages to come? Listen ! For 18 centuries there exists a profession of faith in 12 ar- ticles, which every Christian lip recites daily. In this summary of our faith, drawn divine persons, the name, a thousand times blessed, of the woman who gave hirth to thc Son of God, and the name, a thousand times accursed, of thc man who delivered Him to death! And the man thus branded as the God-murderer-the man thus nailed to the pillory of our symbol, who is he? "This man is not Herod, nor Caiphas, nor Judas, nor any of the Roman or Jewish execu- tioners. This man is Pontius Pilate! It is but just. Herod, Caiphas, Judas, .and the others had their part in the crime; but without Pilate nothing- would have been done. Pilate could have saved Christ) and without Pilate, Christ could not have been put to death. From him only could the signal come. ' It is not lawful for us to put this mau to death,' said the Jews. Wash thy hands, O Pilate! Declare thyself inno- cent of the death of Christi But our answer, day and night, to the most remote posterity, shall bc, 'I believe in Jesus Christ, the only son of the Father, conceived by the Holy Ghost, born of the Virgin Mary, and who suffered and was put to death uuder Pontius Pilate!* " Thc Bishop says, in conclusion-"Our present charge is to be read from thc pulpit at high mass in the parish churches of our city of Poitiers, and in the other towns throughout our diocese, as well as in the other parishes where the priests shall have reason to believe tliat the pamphlet to which we reply shall have penetrated among the population. - Given at Poitiers, in onr episcopal palace, sealed with our arms, and countersigned by our secretary, the 22nd of February, 1861,the festival of the preaching of St Puter at Antioch." This address, says thc Timei correspon- dent, has produced the deepest sensation. Even they who profess to make light of ecclesiastical censures avow their fears of the effect in the remote districts, when this fierce denunciation is read in every place of worship on thc same day, at the same hour, during Divine service. There is not a man, woman, or child, who on leaving the church will not suppose that the Emperor of the French is the Pontius Pilate of the 19th century. It is probable thc Empress, with her strong feeling on this subject, hus been much affected hy the allusions to her in thc Bishop's address - to the Golden Rose blessed by the Pope at thc High Altar of St. Peter's, and bestowed on her; to the prayers bis Holiness offered up lor her at the most critical moment of her life, &c.; The Bishop of Orleans' reply to M. Lagueronniere was strong enough, but it was more of a political controversy than anything else. Thc Bishop of Poitiers' address is a denunciatiou of a purely religious character. 