IDijjtrirt linns. .T A M ]) K 11 O O , LFrom the Ki.im.i Examiner,) It has not fallen to my lot. during the present sum-' mer, to record many — indeed any of those ev. r-in-' teiesting matters — adventures with snakes. T, ; fol lowing incident, which may appear worth relating,, was reported to inc. hy 011c 'of the two parlies chiefly concerned, the other not having survived the busi ness. U11 .Monday last, as our neighbor, Mr. Joseph' Kigncy, was entering his sleeping room, in the bed which had a little before been made up, he saw pro-' jecting from beneath the upper clothes, which were thrown back, the tail of a black suake. As Jlr. Itignoy was unwilling that so disagreeable aii intru der should escape his vengcauee, hut had no weaj.on inunediately at hand, lie proceeded to dispose ol tho reptile ill what might seem a hazardous mode. Seiz-' ing him with both hands hy the tail, he, with a sud den cllort, dragged him from under the bedclothes, and whirling him around dashed him with all his force across the head-board of the bed, repeating this treatment once or twice to make' sure. The snake, as may ho supposed, did not survive this cruel usage, but forthwith he gave up the ghost. A post 11101 tem ezainination showed his longitude to be about 0 leefr' :f inches. I alluded some little time since to the position e ? the settler about the Jiurra Creek, and the probability' that breaches of the peace might occur between theso' p,:rsons, and those through who-c lands it is neces sary to puss in ordes to bring out their piodueffi* This apprehension has been fulfilled on, at least one occasion, _ which has come to my knowledge, aud un der siilliciently amusing cirouiiHtanees which, how ever, it is not worth while publicly t i det . il. That the Burra Creek settlers should lie left in such a pre dicament is certainly anomalous, and 011 somebody's part certainly unjust. That portion of the Buinv Crcck Road, which was lately shifted from its former direction, is now being substantially fenced by Jlessrs. John Tate and George Wood, and the lino certainly seems to have been well selected. When ever this road is 'formed ' it is to be hoped that tho persons employed will 11 it be allowed to twi. t hit'ier and thither, for their own convenience, like the hideous anil sepentine roail 011 the southern slope of Tate's Hill. It is disgusting, even to a person not immediately concerned, to observe how quietly the movement for establishing a trade with Melbourne has been allowed to drop. But, though the circumstance i.s l-egiinleil with indifference by the general run of the settlers here, it will, doubtless cause, huge exultation else where. How will the upright and disinterested ' agents,' in Sydney rejoice over the imbecile help lessness of those amiable settlers and dairymen, who are at once their patrons and victims. But though it may be useless to br.ng such a scheme before the apethetie public in general, perhaps something of tho kind projected, might be brought into op.-.ratiun by a combination of those who are most largely concerned, and who might, therefore be expected to exert them selves with more activity. This would, at the same time, be a, benefit to the district in general ; although those who will not bestir themselves certainly do not deserve to reap the fruit of tbe labors ofothcis. 