RAISING THE WIND. Our ancient friend the Treasurer, the other day, was overhauling the Treasury with a rueful countenance. All he could find was one of TAYLOR'S calabashes for a pound, a rupee, a doubtful shilling, a threepenny bit, and three of Brookes' pennies. He had just made up his mind to go off to Pickering, to consult with him about the state of the colo- nial finances, when WATTS, with an air of most provoking assurance, entered, and plant- ing his back against the door, announced that he required a few cool hundreds, and that the word was "stump-up." The ruler aimed at his head, just missed him, but unfortunately coming into contact with the Colonial Secre- tary's hat, which, together with its owner, had just appeared at the door, it considerably damaged that article of attire. " My. dear fellah, you know we must have some money so do just fork but at once without any bothah.'' MACKENZIE put on an air of resignation, and pointed to the contents of the Treasury "Haven't got any more money; don't know what to do. Have to go through the court; put on fresh taxes; get a loan or something; go to HEILBRON'S, you know the place BLAKE- NEY took the three golden balls from, they say for a lark; must spout something; don't know what to do." FERRETT here entered with a rather dissi- pated look, smoking a cigar, and bearing a large petition, together with a copy of his favorite work. "The Whole Duty of Man." He of course, having bowed to the company, informed them that the late lamented Lord NELSON was a man of small stature, who al- ways did his duty, and that Maranoa also boasted of a patriot with a similar idioysn- cracy. He was quite well enough up in hydrostatics to know that water could not run up hill, although when moved with a spirit it had an upward tendency. He was getting hard up, and knowing the generosity of his amiable friend the Treasurer, he didn't mind standing an oyster supper when he got his fair share of the money. MACKENZIE, not having his ruler at hand, merely consigned orally his diminutive acquaintance to warm latitudes. FERRETT contented himself, how- ever, with digging MACKENZIE'S ribs in a playful manner, and assuring him that he would not go without his share of the rhino; after which our versatile little friend seized Watts by the waist, and commenced prac- timing the " Varsovienna," which he is learn- ing at a fashionable academy. HALY, the Haunted One, or the victim of the " Ghost of Ban Ban," then entered with lugubrious aspect. He had had nocturnal visitations, and money he must have. His hon. colleague would bear him out that money was very badly wanted. He must have money and he only wanted his fair share; but he could'nt get on without it. When he: was in America there was a capital drink called "mint julep," and he would only like to see it in this town. It was first-rate tack but very seductive, and he had been taken up to a good many stations;—that is, he meant to say, he had taken up a good many stations in his time. However, he must have more money now as he was ' stumped up.' Here poor MACKENZIE, in an agony of resignation, pointed to the treasury chest, and begun to hum " I have'nt got a sixpence, and I have'nt got a friend." COXEN came next in a tattered coat and dilapidated hat. Pointing to a rent in his garment beneath the elbow, he cast on MAC- KENZIE an imploring look; after which giving a shrill whistle, he seized MACKENZIE by the button-hole, and, whispering in his ear, a la DICK SWIVELLER, the word, old gentle- man, is fork out," vanished. LORENZO, the MAGNIFICENT, followed, with a demand for instant cash. "You see, my dear Mac, kid gloves have gone up fearfully; frangi- pani has roached a fabulous price; white cambrics have risen ; and a gentleman must have some money to meet the exigencies of the times." A little bill which MACALISTER at this moment brought in for endorsement, at length quite exhausted the treasurer's patience. HERBERT, versatile in resources, however, calmed him, and said that the best thing they could do was to get TAYLOR'S calabash discounted, and for some refresh- ment, and then go into "ways and means." The first idea then propounded was a loan. It was proposed to apply to HEILDRON, but there was nothing to be found which could be converted by the spouting process into cash. Pring offered to pledge his legal repu- tation; HERBERT his; political integrity; FERRETT his oratorical fame; HALY his Ameri- can experience; WATTS his debating powers ; RAFF the measures he had brought forward; but none of those were sufficient, to raise even a solitary sixpence upon. MACALISTER said that he had given so many unredeemed pledges already that he would not go into that line of business again. BLAKENEY had some beautifully bound copies of the Courier, but he would sooner part with his life than them. The loan process having fulled, MACKENZIE suggested that a tax on eye-glasses might raise something; but, as Herbert said, the 'Club' would'nt stand it. Of course, this idea was discarded. WATTS suggested that Editors might stand taxing, but BLAKENEY thought that they all had had enough of that. His own study of BACON had convinced him that an impounding act providing for the for- feiture of Stray Pigs, and a large duty on gammon would turn in a good deal. Various other suggestions were made to MACKENZIE, none of which be seemed to approve of. That he will tax something, if it be only the patience of unfortunate reporters there can be no doubt. In the meantime, to meet present exigencies, the ministry and some of the members are bestirring themselves; Herbert intends to raise the wind by giving, some soirees fantastiques and exhi- biting feats of legerdemain, a la JACOBS; ROYDS doing the " Sprightly " busi- ness. WATTS has purchased an old barrel organ, with which, in the company of FERRETT to whose terpsichorean studies we have before alluded - he will perambulate the town, and perhaps thereby gain an honest penny. PRING, with an eye to the forth- coming races, has, we hear, purchased a small mahogany table, together with a thimble and the accompanying pea. MACKENZIE himself has hired a small family, a neatly patched coat, and carefully brushed dilapi- dated hat. WARRY has supplied him with a few boxes of matches, and, considering the admirable vocal powers for exciting sympathy which he possesses, there can be no doubt that in the character of "The Distressed Treasurer" he will be successful in raising the wind during the cold and incle- ment weather, and thus be enabled to do something towards meeting the recent exact- ing demands made on the Treasury. 