THEATRICALS AND MUSIC. TIIEAOCIIE ROY AX. The dramatic season commenced un Saturday night, when tho now management produced 'Hamlet,' Mr. Claranco Holt appearing as the Danish prioco, Mr. Hos kins as the Ghost, and Mr. Edwards as Laertos; Tho occurrence of tho metropolitan and some of tho suburban elections or. the samo day was fatal to the hopes which might otherwise havo been entertained of a good bouse, although, truth to tell, ShnkBperian tragedy could not bo regarded as offering a powerful attraction under tbo circumstances. The excitement consequent upon a severe political contest such aa that in which tho citizens of Melbourne and the mobbists of South Yarra had been engaged, was rather too intense to permit thoso still under its influence to tit for four hours in tranquil meditation upon the beauties of a high art composition. So, all things considered, wo did not consider it strango that tho performances wero not more extensively pa tronised than was tho case. The mcagroncss of tho attendance, however, Imd no doleterious effect upon the efforts of tbo principal actors, for tho gentlemen already named played as carefully and conscientiously an if tho thcatro had been crowded to tho ceiling. With them, and perhaps including Miss Harland, who enacted Ophelia, Our approbation of tho representatives of the dramatis persona) must terminate, as their co adjutors, male and female, were as incompetent to render justice to tbo language of the great poet us to supply in their own persons tho representation of tho particular characters allotted to them. Indeed, wo cannot congratulate the management upon the collective ability of their company, inasmuch as, with every desiro for the success of the speculation in which they havo embarked, tho inferiority of tho corps to what should bo the standard of such a thentro is to us startliugly manifest. ? It is refreshing, then, to learn that Messrs. Charles Young and Lamocrt, who arrived simultane ously on Monday, bavo been engaged here, nnd as tho latter of theso clever actors makes bis re-appearance on Monday, a revival of tho good fortune which has attended the Royal for tho latt nine months will pro bably follow. On Monday, and each succeeding night up to Thursday, tho performances consisted of ' Hie Flrat Champagne' and ' King Thrushbcard,' but wo woro sorry to remark that tho attendance did'not improve. The burlesque is not a novel production, as it was originally introduced to our notico during tho last season at tho Pantheon theatre. , Miss Harland as Until ncted and sang with considerable judgment, and Mrs. Sims was a tolerably praiseworthy representative of the ahrowlah princess. A now ' break down,' by Mr. Sims, and the final chorus to a molody by the veteran Blewitt, which has been appropriated for the musical purposes of a song entitled ' Tho Perfect Cure,' wero very well received. VJRKXCESS'S IHEIXIIE. 'Aladdin, or tho Wonderful Scamp,' tho latest pro duction from the facile pen of Mr. H. J. By) on, has been tho loading feature of tbo week's performances at this theatre. It is very woll placed before tbo public, and ought to havo a long carcor of success, if it wero only for the opportunity it bus offered to Mr. Fawcett of ^presenting a companion picture to bis ludicrous portrait of the eldest Bister of Cinderella. His appearance as tho widow Twankay was most provocative of mirth. Fow things could bo moro grotcsquo than tho costume, indeed tho forco of burlesquo could Bcarcely go further. Miss Julia Matthews as Aladdin displayed her usual ability in tho acquittance of tho musical portion of her duties and was as vivacious as necessary in her acting. Mr. John Dunn was well fitted with his part of the magician. Tho dialogue is somowhat less', brilliant than that of somo other similar pieces by tho Bamo author, and somo of tho verbal jokes nro cx'trcmely an tique. There isjnothing particularly remarkable cither in the parodies, and but for tho duct by Miss Matthews and Fawcett, in which they imltato with wondorful and ludicrous fidelity the peculiarities of Chinese vocalists, and 'Tho Perfect Curo'— which ns rendered hero is preferable to tho version at tho Hoyal, although In neither caso can a syllable of tho words sung reach tho ear of those in front of tho atagc — the selection of music would bo the rovcrso of happy. Somo of tho scenery is truly beautiful. On Thursday noxt Miss Julia Matthews haa her benefit, when doubtlos3 a crowded house will reward her for her continued desiro to pleaao tho patrons of thU theatre. PHX3TOE OF 1VA».E8 THEATltE, Miss Harriet Gordon, who has ussun.cil tho manage rial position at this theatre, hns opened tho campaign so as to cntltlo hor to tho patronago of all who wish to nee a firatolaaa entertainment brought within tho means of everyone. Several light comic pieces havo boon prn sentcd in the courso of the week, and on Welnesday evening ' Camuralzaman and Badoura' wna produced to a good houso. Miss Gordon appeared to great advnn tago ns tho Prince: she was splendidly attired, and acted nnd sang aa few ladles on tho Melbourne stage could. Sbo was well supported W Mr. F. Youncoaa Danasch. A breakdown parody of ' Dixy'a Land' was the best bit of exaggerated comody wo havo Boon for months past. x»novinrciAiy. Back Cheek.— (From tbo JV. ^V. Chronicle.)— Tho most perfect pieco of acting we havo yet wltnoised on the boorda of tho Royal, at Back Creek, was that of Madame Durot, as Lucretlo, Itargia, on Saturday oven ing last. Sho was modoratoly woll supported by Mr. Carey as Gonnaro, and Mr. O'Brien aa Mafilo. In tho aftcrplcco, ' Tho Illustrious Stranger,' Mr. Hurry Jack son as Bowbell was, ns usual, very amusing, and Mra. Harry Jackson equally so as Fatima. Baixaab.vt.— Sir William and Lady Don still con tinue tbeir successful career at tho Royal, and although the house has not been absolutely crowded upon any occasion during the wook, 'tho averngo attendance has ? beon most satisfactory. On Monday 'Nicholas NickIoby'and'ThoMlllorandhiB Mon' made up the programme. In consequence of tbo Imperfections of many of the company, the latter piece Hi, however, to bo withdrawn on tho succeeding night. On Tuesday Sir William appeared aa tho 3ailio, in ' Rob Roy, and showed by his caroful rendering of tho part that ho had made thn Scotch character hla special fltu-ly. Lady Don, aa Diana Vernon, was very effective, and Mr. and Mrs. Holt Bustaincd tho parts of Rob Roy and Helen M'Gregor with their well known discrimination. Tho Flowers of tho Forest' w»a produccdon Wednesday for tho benefit of Mra. Holt, when Sir. William nppoarod as tho iKinchoh, a part admirably BUitcd to his peculiar humour. Starlight Bcbs found an able representative in Lady Don, who played'and Bang with much feeling. Tho bcnoliciairo, as Cynthia, showed her thorough knowlodgo of Btajro busincsB in tho alternations of energy and tenderness which mark tho character, and tho part of Ishmaol could scarcely havo found a hotter expo cent than Mr.. Holt. Mr. K. B. Dalo also cnusod abun dant mirth by his drollery ns Chcip John, tho travelling auctioneer; and altogether tho pioco passed off-most suc cessfully. 'Tho Rough Diamond' was played for the afterpiece, in which Sir William appeared as Cousin Joe, and Ladv Don ns Mnrgory. Bkndioo.— Sinco tho departure of Mr. Warner and Miss Lockbart from tho Uoynl tho burlesquo of ' Tho Miller and his Mon,' localised by Thatcher, -has been tho standing dish, whilst. n bnllot'by the Sisters Worrell bn* niado up tho ovening's amusement during tbo week. On Thursday ovoning tho performance was for tbo bene fit of Mr. Grovillc. Casti.emaink.— (From tho Mail, 14th August.)— Mr. Warner and .Mi3s Lockhart, with Mr. Streoton, gttvo two dramatic readings, concluding with a farce, last evening, and on Monday. Owing no doubt to the reaction after tho electioneering excitement, but few persons attended, nnd we regret that bucIi admittedly talented artislos. should havo so poor a reception. Tho entertainment was nn oxcollent one, and pave tho most unbounded satisfaction to tho nudienco who nttonded. On their next visit wo bopo that n humping houso will compensate for any Iocs bo may on this occasion have Buslnincd. Wo understand that arrangements havo been mndo for tho appenranco shortly of. Sir William und Lady Don in Castlcmaino. CULOSIAIi. Syi-nhy. — Tho following is from last Saturday's Bell: — 'Severo Indisposition having prevented sur nt tendnnco nt tho Victoria during the week, wo must postpono until our next any expression of opinion upon the individual merits of Mr. Lyater's Opera Compnny, wlioso performances in Victoria ? havo created qulto n furore, and who introduced thcmaolves to a Sydney nudienco on Tuesday ovoning, in Vincent Wallace's charming opera ' Maritann.' On Wednesday this opera was repeated, nnd on Thursdny ' La Sonnninbuln' was produced, and (as wo nrc informed) magnificently ren dered. Last evening 'Lucia di Lammermoor' was selected, nnd to-nigbt ' La Sonnambula ' will bo re peated for the Ia3t timo. Though the.weathcr has been extremely unpropitious, tho rain falling in torrents each evening, tho houso bns been well attended. Mr. Far quharson'a much to bo regretted illness has brought our old favourite, Frank Howsoii, again beforo us, whose up pearnnco was greeted with enthusiasm. Madame Therese, with Messrs. Schmidt and Chambers appear each evening after the opera in an amusing ballot. Mr. Lystor is eminently deserving of the encouragement of the Sydney public for tho entcrpriso bo has shown in tho ndvancement of tho lyric tlramn. On Mondny evening tho Royal Lycuom ro-openod under the management of MessrB. D. Murray and G. H. Rogers, with a select and talented company,, whom, from tie attendance during tho week wo are rejoiced to perceive tho public is so well inclined to support. Tbo comedy of ' Wit versus Wealth,' tho comedietta of ' Family Failings,' and tho furco of ' Tho Happy Man,' wero admirably produced and deservedly applauded. On Tuesday and Wednesday evenings tho thcatro was ex cecdinglyiwoll attended. On Thursday and last evenings Mr. C. W. Barry, from tho Theatre Royal, Melbourne, mado his first appearance ns '' Jibbenainosay,' or ' Nick of tho Woods,' and tho celebrated Irish comedian, Mr. I). Murray, ns Tim Mooro in 'Tho Irish Lion.' For to-night there ia a most attractive bill of fare. Wo nro pleased to notice many of our old friends amongst the corps, moro especially Miss F. Morgan. Mrs. C. Jones, Mis Morton, Miss Griffiths, (also Miss Fiddes, from tho Theatro Royal, Melbourne, a lady who is destined to become a favourito hero), and Messrs. S. Howard, Welsh, Morton, Walker, Clifford, Flynn, and Collins. Wo trust there will bo found an overflowing treasury' at tho end of the season, and that the inimitable Rogers may receive sterling satisfaction for prolonging bis stay amongst ua.' ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ 