THE SIXTY-NINTH REGIMENT. Captain Thomas Francis Meagher sailed on the 8th May for Washington, with an escort in charge of an immense quantity of stores for the gallant (69th) Irish regiment. He is the bearer of letters and despatches to the Colonel and officers. Major Bagley will follow in charge of the remaining portion of the camp equipage, ammunition, &c.;, of the Sixty-ninth. The Maior, assisted by James B. Kirker, Captain of the Engineers of the Sixty-ninth, has been in- defatigable, ever since the departure of the regi- ment in his efforts to procure and forward the stores, and we have no doubt the men of the Sixty-ninth will have in a few days good reason to be grateful to him for his laborious and in- cessant services in their behalf. Captain Meagher remains with the Sixty ninth until it shall become necessary to bring his company — now known as the Reserve Corps of the Sixty-ninth — into service, when he will return and take his command. In the mean time, Lieutenant Edward K. Butler commands in his absence, under whose instruction this brilliant young organization is rapidly ap proaching a surprising steadiness and efficiency. Among the stores for the Sixty-ninth are seve ral hundred ' Havelocks,'' the patriotic work ? and donation of Mrs. Judge Daly, who, not satisfied with doing all in her power to assist the national movement, has enlisted the kindly and most opportune services of many other accomplished and high-spirited ladies of our city. The Sixty-ninth had a glorious flag- raising on the 10th. A flagstaff over fifty feet high was erected on the most elevated point of the Georgetown College ground, and the Stars and Stripes, to the length of forty feet, given to tlie* breeze. The ceremony was accompanied by speeches, music, &c.; The Sixty-ninth was fortunate to secure finer quarters than any other regiment. It has a splendid drill ground, eommodious and airy dining and sleeping rooms, and ample cooking facilities. The men are all contented and comfortable. Colonel Corcoran is a strict disciplinarian, but is endearing him self to all his subordinates by his untiring attention to their well being. All it wants now to complete the happiness of the Sixty-ninth is a brush with the secessi&nists.; Father Mooney continues to exercise a most cheering influence upon the soldiers under his spiritual charge. A letter from Washington, dated Majr 17, says that the parade of the Sixty-ninth to-day was very fine. The regiment was very full, over one thousand men being in the ranks. Colonel Corcoran exercised his men in battalion drill, bayonet charges in double quick time, in hollow square, -fec. Towards the close the music of a band was heard, and the gates being opened, the Fifth Massachusetts Regiment marched in and saluted the Sixty- ninth. After the usual courtesies the Massachusetts and New York regiments were brought in line on opposite sides of the square, and they cheered each other most lustily. It was an exciting scene to see the Puritan New Englanders and Catholic Irishmen thus fraternizing. After the drill the officers of the two regiments had a friendly glass of wine and a most cordial reunion. General Runyon and staff, of the New Jersey Brigade, also visited the Sixty-ninth, and par took of the hospitalities of Colonel Corcoran and Father Mooney. General Runyon, in response to a sentiment offered by Father Mooney made an eloquent and patriotic address. It is a noticeable fact that the first interchanges of military eourtesies were between C61onel Vos burgh, of the American Severity-first, and Colonel Corcoran, of the Irish Sixty-ninth. The common danger appears to have made native and foreigners common friends. The New York Sixty-ninth Regiment, Colonel Corcoran, when last reported was on the heights beyond Georgetown, working up an entrench ment 400 feet square, with zig zag lines), 15 feet wide and 8 feet deep. By the most endu ring physical exertion— of which this regiment are proverbially capable— the entrenchments and breastworks are nearly completed. A fort is now going up, built with heavy timber, and. a road is being made through the woods, some three miles, to Captain Varian's battery (not Berrian's, as reported in some papers), on the summit of Arlington Heights, the residence of General Lee, now commander of the rebel troops in Virginia. The fort and the road are in a forward condition. Colonel Corcoran named these defences Fort Seward, bat the commandant .informed the Colonel, that in consideration of. the efficiency of his regiment and their unceasing physical exertions, the place' would be recognized in future operations as ' Fort Corcoran,' a fitting compliment to the Colonel and his noble regi ment. Captain Thomas Francis Meagher's company of Zouavesare attached to the Sixty ninth. These men of bone and muscle have been exercised in some of their military evolu tions, and their rapid, yet precise and harmo nious movements indicated severe training and great capacity for active military operations. At the earnest request of Colonel William Wilson, of the 6th Regiment N.Y., Volunteers, the Rev. Father Nash, S. T., has been appointed chaplain to the regiment. THE CHICAGO IRISH BRIGADE. To (-e Garden City belongs the credit of having mustered the first Irish Brigade for the defence of the Federal Government. The num ber enrolled is seven hundred and seventy. The ladies held a meeting and contributed four hun dred and seventy dollars wherewith to purchase a stand of colors for the Brigade. The citizens have, with commendable generosity, raised fourteen hundred dollars for its equipment. The Brigade attended the Theatre on the 27th April, by invitation of the liberal proprietor, -Mr. J,. H. M'Vicker, who presented a beautiful flag, donated to it by Mr. Sands. A fervid and animating address was spoken by James A. Mulligan, Esq., who had just returned from his visit to the Governor, whither he had gone for the purpose of having the Brigade accepted. Mr. Mulligan has been elected Colonel of the Brigade. The Irish Brigade held a meeting at the armory of the Montgomery Guard on the 5th May, to hear the report of the delegation sent by them to Springfield. Colonel Walsh occu pied the chair, and Major James A. Mulligan was called upon to present the report. He stated that the Governor expressed regret that the Act known as the Ten Regiment Bill, just passed by the Legislature,- giving but one regi ment to each Congressional district in the State, would not permit him to accept the tender. The delegation proposed to Governor Yates that the Irish regiment should be taken as the regi ment to be supplied by the Second Congressional District, but he declined to accede to the pro position on the ground that a portion of the troops should be supplied by each county in the district. He had promised the delegation that he would use his influence with President Lin coln in behalf of the regiment, ahd agreed to accredit one of its members as a special mes senger from him to the Government at Washing ton. Major James A. Mulligan was appointed to proceed to Washington to make the tender of such companies as were in favor of going to President Lincoln. I understand that Senator Douglas addressed a communication to the Secretary of War, urging him to accept the ser vices of the Regiment. ; MILITARY. INTELLIGENCE. The intention is good to properly provision our volunteers, and if no dearth of the things necessary therefore should take place, the fol lowing is the list of rations : For breakfast, at seven o'clock a.m., there will be furnished for each man provisions in the following quantities : One quart of good coffee, eight ounces of bread, three-eights of a pound of beef. At twelve o'clock M., for dinner: Five-eights of a pound of beef or mutton, well cooked, with potatoes, one quart baked beans to every ten men, and every other day, in lieu of baked beans, rice, bean or vegetable soup will be furnished at the rate of one pint per man. At five o'clock P. M.» for supper ; Three pints of coffee, one quarter pound of cold beef or mutton. The coffee to be furnished will be properly sweetened, and milk in due proportion will also be provided. In the City Hall Park extensive temporary barracks have been constructed for the accom modation to troops arriving in this city. The eating house is 400 feet long, and wash room and bunk room is 200 feet. They are fitted with gas and Croton fixtures, and have three large ranges in the kitchen of sufficient capacity to cook for 2,000 men. On 29th April, the government issued an order' calling out 40,000 volunteers for three years, service, 25,000 regulars for five years, and 13,000 seamen for five years' service in the navy. These are in addition to the 75,000 volunteers called out by proclamation for three months' service, and make a total of 158,000. The number at the command of the President will, however, considerably exeeed this moment, as many States have already proffered more than their contingent. Colonel Ellsworth's regiment of Zouaves, recruited entirely from among our New York firemen, made a magnificent parade on the 29th» 1,100 strong, escorted by about 5,000 of their comrades of the Fire Department, to the Baltic, on which they embarked for the seat of war. No better material for soldiers than our firemen can be found in the world. The Fayetteville North Carolina Arsenal has been surrendered by the garrison to 2,200 State troops, who had assembled to take it, if neces- . sary, by force. The arms and munitions taken were 37,o6o stand of arms, 6,000 pistols, 3,000 kegs of powder, and any quantity of cannon balls and shells. Fort Macon has also been seized. Under instructions' fron Gov. Rector of Ar kansas, the U. S. Ordnance stores' at Napoleon, Ark., were seized on the 22nd ult. They con sisted of 150 kegs of powder, 200 saddles, 500 sabres, K'O Maynard rifles, and 140,000 cart ridges, &c.; They were all intended for Fort Smith. The Tenth Company of the Massachusetts Eighth regiment, under Captain Briggs, made a bold covp on Friday night. They started from Annapolis for Baltimore in a steam-tug, cut eut ; the receiving ship Alleghany, lying in the - harbor, and anchored her safoly under the shel tering guns of Fort McHenry. Hon. Simon Cameron, Secretary of war, has expressed to Major Anderson the President's official approval of his conduct. He says : 'I am directed by the President of the United States to communicate to you, and through you to the officers and men under your«command at Forts Moultrie and Sumter, the a pprobation of the government of your and their judicious and gallant conduct there ; and to tender to you and them the thanks of th6 government for the same.' DIOCESE OF NEW YORK. At the request of Most Rev. Archbisbop/ Hughes, the Bishop of Guadlaajara, Mexico, who was exiled from his country lately, admi nistered the Sacrament of Confirmation at St. Joseph's Church, Sixth avenue, in this city, on Thursday, May 23, to about five hundred and fifty persons of both sexes. At the Church of Saint Vincent de Paul, Twenty-third- street, Confirmation was adminis tered by the same Prelate to about one hundred persons. At the Church of the Holy Redeemer, Third street, on the same day, at the request of the Most Rev. Archbishop, the Right Rev. Bishop of San Luis Potosi, Mexico, confirmed three hundred persons. On Tuesday, May 28th, at the Church of St. John the Evangelist, Fiftieth-street, in this city, the Rt. Rev. Bishop of Guadlaaiara. Mexico. administered the Holy Sacrament of Confirma tion to two hundred and eleven persons, amongst whom were several adults and converts. The girls, who were under the charge of the Sisters of Charity, were dressed in white with garlands on their heads, and made a very neat appear ance, which is chiefly due te the tagte of the good Sister Josepha, who superintended their decorations. Mass was said by the pastor, Rev. James M'Mahon ; and Rev. Fes. M'Neirny acted as Master of Ceremonies. On Thursda}', the 30th, the same Rt. Rev. Bishop confirmed, at half-past ten o'clock Mass, about four hundred persons at the Church of the Holy Cross. Forty-second-street, of ?which Rev. Patrick M'Carthy is pastor. Previous to the administration of Confirmation, about one hundred and fifty received First Communion. Amongst those present were Rev. Mr. Donelly, of St. Michael's Church, Thirty-first-street ; and Rev. Mr. Fagan, Assistant Pastor of the Holy Cross. One of the most beautiful and interesting scenes I ever witnessed was the closing of the month of- Marj, in the Church of St. Francis ? Xavier. According to previous notice, Mass was to begin at nine o'clock, and a largo number of (he congregation had assembled to witness the joyful festivtiies. Before the Holy 1 Sacrifice was commenced, the procession began to form on the grounds attached to the College, situated in Fiftieth-street. It then entered the Church in the following order, while the choir chanted in joyful notes a beautiful Litany of the Blessed Virgin : — First came the students of the College, walking in admirable order, and followed by the members of the senior Sodality, entitled the ' Sodality of the Blessed Virgin Mary conceived without sin,' preceded by a splendid banner, which was emblematical of the Immaculate Conception. After them were the members of the junior Sodality of the Queen of Angels, two of whom likewise carried a banner, :? on which wastastefully workedaGuardian Angel, watching with tenderness and solicitude over a child committed to his care. Then came twenty little boys, with smiling faces, bearing in their tiny hands rich bouquets of natural flowers to lay at the feet of Mary — the model of angelic purity. Mass then commenced, and the grand ... organ echoed forth its melodious tones under ' the artistic manipulation of the talented Berge. After the Gospel, the students were addressed in brief yet expressive terms by the Rev. Father Thiry, after which a few students made an act of consecration to the Blessed Virgin, and were received as members of the above-named Sodal ities. At the conclusion of the Holy Sacrifice, the procession again formed, and proceeded through the various aisles in the same order in which they entered the Church. Four of the larger students bore on their shoulders a beau tiful statue of the Blessed Virgin, on. which was a rich crown, and adorned underneath with blue ? silk festoons and satin trimmings. The whole scene produced an admirable effect. On May 5th Dr. Cahill lectured in St. Mary's Church, Grand street — subject, The Immaculate Conception. Nothing could be more appropriate for the first Suuday in May, and the distin guished lecturer did ample justice to his theme. His manner of treating every subject is so original, so different from all others, that no matter how familiar it may be, it rivets the attention of the audience. There were some portions of the lecture on The Immaculate Con ception that struck me as particularly fine. One of these was what might be called the introduc tion ; namely, an admirable exposition of the doctrine of man's free will. One of Dr. Cahill' s pre- eminent characteristics as a lecturer is the cleai'ness and precision of his definition. He places the subject within the reach of all capa cities, and makes the sublime truths of religion as plain as the sun at noon-day. The lecture was tor the benefit of the parochial schools connected with St. Mary's Church, and the children of the schools sang some hymns before the lecture and during Benedictionwith much taste and feeling. I have no doubt but the audience were greatly pleased with the music, for as Dr. Cahill happily observed, there is a sweetness in young childish voices when properly trained that is always touching and beautiful. The sound of young sweet voices chanting their Maker's praise, or hymning the glories of Mary, is calculated to call forth the heart's best feelings like water from the arid rock. Dr. Cahill took occasion towards the close of his lecture to compliment the Ladies of St. Mary's Church on the exquisite taste dis played in the decoration of Our Lady's shrine. Every one present was pleased that Dr. Cahill took notice of the altar, for nothing could be more beautiful or in more correct taste. There was a halo of poetry around it that soft ened the glarish glory of the light. A profu sion of spring roses in their native earth graced ? the steps of the shrine, their delicate buds growing up around the figure of Our Gracious Lady, their fresh green leaves contrasting sweetly with the delicate pink of their petals. It was a lovely sight, and I do not think that Dr. Cahill exaggerated in any degree when he said that .he had nowhere seen a more beautiful shrine fitted up in Our Lady's honor. CINCINNATI. The Most Rev. J. B. Purcell, Archbishop of Cincinnati, has addressed the following circular to the Right Rev. Prelates, the Very Rev. and Rev. Clergy and Beloved Laity of the Province of Cincinatti : — ' Beloved Brethren and Fellow Servants of Christ — The Ecclesiastical Council of the Province convenes in this city on April 28\. It convenes under such circumstances as were never before witnessed in this glorious Republic since the proud day when it won its high rank among the nations of the earth'. The hearts of citizens and friends are alienated. The hands of brothers are raised to shed each other's life-blood. The iron hands of our high ways, which we once fondly hoped would link us in indissoluble union, and the noble rivers which boar the rich products of our lands, and the creations of our sciences and arts to our respective marts and homes, have failed to keep us, what God and our fathers intended we should be— one people. In the midst of the most formidable preparations of our fellow citizens for mutual destruction, the Church in her peaceful meeting, gives us a glimpse of the peace of the Hoavenly Jerusalem. She renews the blessings of the ' Truce of God.' We pray God that hostilities may cease— that wiser and better councils may prevail, that the-great heart of this magnificent land, which our Council represents, the States of Ohio, Kentucky, Indiana, Michigan, may send its throbbing pulses of fraternal love to the most distant ex tremities of our common country. We ought to be one people. We are all the children of the same God, whom we should worship in peace — we pray for all and love all in spirit and in truth. May the Spirit of Peace, the Comforter, sent us by Jesus Christ, descend as the Dove, to breathe holy desires. and righteous councils into every heart, and dispose the minds of Catholics and Protestants to see in each other not enemies, but brethren, and that all may work with willing hands and hearts for the tranquility and glory of our common country.'' The opening of the Third Provincial Council of Cincinnati took place on 28th ult. with the usual solemnities. All the prelates of the Pro vince were present in cope and mitre. The Heads of Religious Orders, the Theologians of the Council, and many clergymen of the city assisted in the vestments used at Mass. The following were in the sanctuary : The Most Rev. Arehbishop and the Right Rev. Prelates and their Theologians, the Very Rev. Father E.Kelly and Rev. N. Young, O.S.D ; Rev. Martin Marty, O.S.B.; Very Rev. F. Oakley and Rev. F. De Maria, S.J. ; Very Rev. Father Kunkler and Rev. Joseph Dwenger, O.P.P.S. ; Very Rev. E. Sorin, CS.S.C. ; Very Rev. Otho Jair and A. Gshtir, O.S.S. ; Rev. J. Hengehold. Rev. A. Kuhr, Rev. E. Stehle, and othors. The procession to and from the Cathedral through the Archbishop's grounds was very beautiful. The boys of the Cathedral school and sanctuary, in cassock and surplice, followed the cross in front of the pro cession. Then followed the priests in sacred vestments. After them, the Bishops in cope and mitre one by one. Then came the Archbishop's cross, followed by himself, with the Deacons of Honor and Office and inferior ministers. The path was lined by the members of the St. Joseph's Society, wearing their badges ; and thousands of people were assembled to witness the so lemnity. The Most Rev. E. Purcell as Deacon of Office, Very Rev. Joseph Ferneding and Rev. J. B. Hutchins as Deacons of Honor, and Rev. L. Brandt as Subdeacon, celebrated the Mass of the rlcly Ghost. The orchestral choir executed the Coronation Mass of Cherubiniwith admirable accuracy. After the Mass, the Rt. Rev. Bishop Spalding preached an eloquent and appropriate sermon, on the triple peace which our Lord left as a legacy to His faithful. We regret that we cannot give a just idea of this discourse by a synopsis. All the bearers observed that it was ?a masterpiece of the times. The appeal for peace, and for the prayer to the God of Peace, was peculiarly appropriate,, and thrilled through every heart of the thousands present. After the sermon, the Psalm ' Salvtunmefac' was intoned, the Litanies sung, the decrees read, the officers announced, and the Council solemly opened according to the prescribed form. NAVY OF THE SOUTHERN CONFKDE ACY. The Navy of the Southern Confederacy, as given in one of their own journals, consists of the following revenue cutters, &e.;, seized from the United States Government : — Name of ' No. of Stylo of Gfuus. Crew. Vessel. Guns. M'Clellan 5 4 side guns and 1 pivot 35 Lewis Cass 1 68-pounder 45 Aiken 1 42-pounder 45 Washington 1 42-pounder 45 Dodge 1 Pivot 45 And, in addition to the above, the following : — Name. Class. Guns. How obtained. James Gray Propeller 1 Purchased at Rich mond. Bonita Brig — Captured Slaver. Nina Stra gunbt 1 — Everglade Steamer 3 — Fulton U.S. war st 4 Seized at Pensa cola. The gun on the James Gray is a forty-two pound Columbiad, and those on the Fulton are thirty-two pounders. The Fulton was wrecked off Pensacola, and to put her into proper trim will cost 10,000 dollars. MISCELLANEOUS. An exhibition and concert by the pupils of the School of the Assumption took place on 20th May, in presence of a large concourse of people, filling the large hall of the school almost to suffocation. An interesting programme was presented, consisting of '.' Barney the Baron' ' Marcion the Magician.' 'The Limerick Boy,' ' Shandy McGuire,' addresses, songs, &c;, Decidedly the best and most interesting part of the entertainment was the eulogy of Gen. Andrew Jackson by Neil McBride. Master Geo. Boyd performed his part with great ability and judgment, and so did Master' Gardiner to address his conversation always to the person to whom he is supposed to be speaking, and not to the audience, and we would impress upon Master Lowery the same advice. Both of these latter young gentlemen would be almost perfect representatives of the parts they assume if they would follow this advice. The singing was very good, and the teachers, Messrs. Mcllduff and O'Hare, deserve great credit for their admirable training of the boys, and the promptness with which everything was done. The audience seemed highly delighted. I hope soon to witness an exhibition by the girls of the school, which are expected to surpass anything of a Juvenile nature for a long time. ,.B1 th®, census of 1860, the free population of all the Slave States is 8,434,126. That of the three largest of the Free States is : New York 3,851,563 ; Pennsylvania, 2,311,786 ; Ohio, 2,377,917. Total-8,541.266. If we deduct from the aggregate of the Slave States the free population of Delaware, Maryland, Kentuckv and Missouri it leaves to the Secessionists a total population of 5,671,723. The total popula tion of the nineteen Free States is 18,950,759. A grand concert was given at St. Patrick's Church, Rochester.N.Y .onSunday evening, 19th ult., and was a decided success. There was a full and appreciative audience who appeared to enjoy the grand ehorases and solos. 1 have not time to speak in full of the musical performance. Suffice it to say, that, as a whole, it was a most finished performance. I understand that in a pecuniary way also the concert was a decided success, and quite a large, amount will be given over to the charitable fund for which the enter tainment was given. A Baltimore citizen has offered to the Government the services of a battalion and a battery of field-pieces. Six additional regiments have been accepted from Indiana. About two million dollars of gold arrived last week from Europe. Notwithstanding the decrease of our imports of foreign goods, our exports for the week, as well as for the year, show a large increase over the corresponding period last year. Lieutenant-Colonel Nugent, of the Sixty ninth, while on a scout on the 18th ult., cap tured a man armed with a carbine, who was evidently acting as a spy. He called his name Thomas Ryan. He was recognized as a man who had been convicted in Brooklyn of bur glary, and had served his time in States Prison. He wili be turned over to the proper authorities for punishment. 