THE NARRINYERI, Olí TRIBES OF THE LAKES AND LOWER MUR RAY. (J? rom the South Australian Register, 12th December,) WORSHIP OF THE DEAD, ine .Narrinyeri point out several 6tars, I and say that they are deceased warriors I who have pone to heaven (Wyirrewarre). j There are Wyungare, and Nepalle, and the < Manehinggrt, and several others. Every native expects to go to Wyirrewarre after death. They also believe that the dead descend from thence an 1 walk the earth; and that they are abie to injure those whom Atiey dislike. Consequently men who have Wu notorious in life for a domineering and re'"3>Keful disposition are very much ^.^?er d8ath- For ¿"stance, there is 11 7* wao comes m t,,e dead oí night, nt» r,Äflre b^ burned low, and like a rushing, Vlod s ' embers, and then v*ei advantage of the darkness to rob some ^pe^f ,f d¡ » considered dangerous v, whist,; j f(îr K^SV*T espèce attracted by a whistle There is another x«,tieg8 8pjrft -the deceased father ot a boy »*vom i ve)i know-who is said to roam abovu, Mmed with a rope, with which he catches ix^fe AU the Narrinyeri, old and young, dreadfully afraid of seting ghosts, and noue of them will venture into the scrub after dark, lest he should encounter the spirit« which are supposed to roam there I havt heard some admirable specimens of ghost stories from them. In one case I remembei the ghost was represented to have set fire tc a wurley, and ascended to heaven in th( flame. The Narrinyeri regard the disapprobatioc of the spirits of the dead as a thing to bi dreaded, and if a serious quarrel takes plac< between near relatives, some of their friend! are sure to interpose with entreaties to th« contentious parties to be reconciled, lest thi spirits of the dead should be offended at un seemly disputes between those who ought U be at peace. The name of the dead mus: not be mentioned until bis body has decayed lest a want of sorrow should seem to bi indicated by the common and flippant usi of his name. A native would have th deceased believe that he cannot hear o speak his name without weeping. But the most direct way in which the reverence of these people is shown for the dead is in their funeral ceremonies. When a man dies they conclude at once that sor cery has been the canse of the mournful event, and that either ngadhungi or millin must have been practised against him. Millin is a kind of sorcery. The first night after a man has died his nearest relation sleeps with Ids head on the corpse, in order that he may be led to dream who is the sorcerer that caused his death. The next day the corpse is elevated on men's shoul ders, on a sort of bier called ngaratta. The friends of the deceased then gather round, and several names are called out to try it the mention of them produces any effect on the corpse.. At last the nearest relative calls out the name of the person of whom be has dreamed, and then an impulse to wards him on the part of the dead body is said to be felt by the bearers, which they pretend they cannot resist, and consequently they walk towards him. This impulse is the sign by which it is known that the right name bas been called but. The deceased, still lying on the ngaratta, is then placed over a SIQW fire for a day or two, until the outer skin blisters. This is removed with the hair, and all the aper tures of the body are sewed up. It is then rubbed over with grease and red ochre, and set up naked on a sort of stage inside the wurley ina sitting position. A great lamen tation and wailing is made at this time by all the relations and friends of the dead man. They cut their hair off close to the head, and besmear themselves with oil and pouuded charcoal. The women besmear themselves with the most disgusting filth; they all beat and cut themselves, and make violent de monstrations of grief. All the relatives are careful to be present, and not to be wanting in the proper signs of sorrow, lest they should be suspected of complicity in causing the death. A slow fire is placed under the corpse, in order to dry it. The relations, live, eat, drink, and sleep under the putrefy ing mass until it is dried. It is then wrap ped up in mats, and kept in the wurley. During the time in which it is dryina««f<>'] female relatives relieve one anoibHt. All ¡ ing before the body^s^tne appearance j women alway^j^^iaioke rising around ; this_h8>ngíttíng figure, the wailing . J^faien7 the old men with long wands,! with a brush of feathers at the end, anointing it with grease and red ochre'- all these contribute to give one this impression of the whole scene. When any one leaves the wurley where tho body is for a few days they are expected to stand before it and weep and wail on their return. However they manage the requisite amonnt of crying I never could imagine. For one minute a woman will appear In tba deepest agony of grief and tears; a few minutes after, th conventional amount of weeping having bee accomplished, they will laugh and talk wit the merriest. I feel persuaded that fear ha more to do with most of these exhibition - than grief. But the spirit of the dead is not consi dered to have been appeased no til his rela tives have avenged his death. They will kill the sorcerer who has caused it, if they can catch him; but generally they cannot catch him, and often do not wish it Most probably he belongs to some other tribe bf the Narrinyeri. Messengers pass between the tribes relative to the affair, and the friends of the accused person at last for mally curse the dead man and all bis dead relatives. This constitutes a casus belli. Arrangements are forthwith made for a pitched battle, and the two tribes meet in company with their respective allies. The tribe to which the dead man belongs weep and make a great lamen tation for him, and the opposing tribe set some fellows to dance about and play antics in derision of their enemies. Then the whole tribe will set lip a great laugh by way of further provocation. If there is any other cause of animosity between the tribes, besides tbe matter of avenging the dead, there will now be a pretty severe fight with spears. If, however, the tribes have nothing but the dead man to fight about, they will probably throw a few spears, indulge in considerable abuse of each other, and then some of the old men declare that enough has been done. The dead man is considered to have been appeased by the efforts of his friends to avenge his death by fighting, and the two tribes are friendly again. In such a case tbe fight is a mere ceremony. The hair of the dead is spun into a cord, which is made into a headband, and com monly worn by men. They say that thereby they smell the dead, and that it makes their eyes large and their sight keen, so that in a fight they are enabled to see the spears coming, and either to parry or avoid them. 