(To the Editor of th* M. and D. Advertitet.) Sib,—Another obj ction which 1 think the County Councils' Bill is open to Is, that while it proposes to allow the council* to fixthe rates to be paid forthe use of Farmers' Commons and to receive the proceed!, ft also contemplates making grants to those bodie«, from the general rereooeof «um« equal to tfie amount of their ]rate*, including I presume tho»e derived fromthe Fsrraer*' Commons. The amount which would thus bs obtained from these Commons would, wben taken In ixmnection with the grant which It would entitle the Council to demand from the general funds,—be my considerable, and the effect as it appears to me, would be to make it the dear Interest of the councils to oppose the sale of any portion of the Farmers' common*. And as the representations ef the councils will necessarily have very gnat weight with whatever government may happen to be in power, there is I think very little doubt that tlieir interna will receive primary consideration, and that the result will be that a great deal of land, which, from its proximity to that purchased for the same purpose, U likely to be well suited for agriculture, would be withheld from sale, and intending purchasers be compelled either to take land less adapted for their purposes, or to do without it altogether, There is I believe a very general, and probably wrll-founded impression, that the existing mode of dealing with the Farmers' commons is not a very satisfactory one, but I think instead of as it were, jumping out of the frying-pan into the fire,in orJer to get ridof the evils of the present system of management, the better way would be to abolish the Farmers' commons (as such) altogether, and to substitute temporary " agricultural reserves." These reserves might then be leased year by year to persons who would undertake to allow the tinners cattle to graze upon them, subject to such isolations as to the rate to be charged, and the number of cattle to be depastured as had been determined upon by the land department. By this means, a regular rightof pasturage would be established, and a fair rent derived fromthe use of tbe Crown Lauds and at the same time the present " scramble" would be avoided, and tbe conflict of interest , which would be likely to arise under the system proposed by tbe new Bill entirely averted. Sept 19, 1861. " SPECTATOR." Biu.t Wosos's Zou»yks—The regiment of roughs, raised by Billy Wilson in New Fork, is composed of the hardest of New York's humanity. A letter from a New Yorker, received in this city yesterday, contains the followingincident, whish is sufficiently illustrative of their status." Yesterday. a Methodist clergyman went down to Staten Island to exhort them". Hilly Wilson drew bis men up and called,'attention.* Hie parson gave them a very edifying and appropriate discourse, to which, in obediencc to tbe ColanePs commands, they listened attentively. When the parson had finished, Billy gave bis ' boys'a short talk, somewhat in this wise: Boys, I want you to remember what the minister has told you. "it is all for your good; take his advice and follow it; for there is no knowing but what in lew than rix months every d—d of yon will be in hell!" Here a voice from the ranks called out, " Three cheers for Hell!" and they were given with a will. Hie parson, astonished and angry, asked what it meant. " Oh," says Billy, " The boys don't know much about scripture. They think Hell is somewhere lietween Montgomery and New Orleans, and they are d—d anxious to get down in tbt neigh- borhood — Milwaukee SemtimeL Messrs Unwtu and Badgers, Rockinghim -street Works, Sheffield, have patented, and are now forwarding to Australia, an article which seems specially adapted for tbe use of the digger* and others in oar half populated colonial territories, being both a pistol and a bowk-knife and ooe for common purposes. The pistol ia loaded at tbe breech, and with such facility, that it can be fired ten times in a minute (or twice as fast as from an ordinary rifle), carrying its bullets with deadly effect a distance of ISO yards. The bores are made both grooved and ungrooved, the charges are carried in a cartridge-box formed in tbe stock, and when these are inserted at the breech and tbe hammer 'applied tbey explode, thus obviating tbe trouble and delay attending the use of powder. Should tbe pistol be unavailable or the] charges be exhausted, a bowiee knife can be made to start forth from its sheath, constituting a formidable weapon of offence in a hand-to-hand encounter. This knife cannot be closed by striking against any bard substance, as a spring catches it and fixesit in its menacing attitude. The other knife is one thtt will auswer almost every requirementof the digger or farmer —it will serve for his meals, for the cutting and shaping of wood, tbe repair of tools, or tbe digging up of small roots from the ground. When not used, it shuts up conveniently and forma a counterpart to the bowie ou the other side of the pistol. The whole forms a very handy and pocketable piece of luggage for Australian adventurers, and would be do small means of defence to a housekeeper on an irruption of botglar* in the dead of night. The patentees designate it tbe " Saloon-breech- loading PUtol Knife," with reference, we presume, to Its compactness and elegance of form.—Home Newt. ? ? A lady of fashion, upon being told that one of her six-footed Jenkinses had been married the previous day to her ladies maid, at the aristocratic church of Hanover-square, was so scandalised, that,forgetting her position, her English, her phuidity, and all the other proprieties of life, abe exclaimed most bitterly: —" It's too ted, I declare, to torn fit. George's la this way into a low-menial pilar. Volckikeb Fires.—A ease was entered for trial at our County Court, fortbe recovery of Ml 8s, fine* incurred by a member of the Castlemaine rifle corps. Ttie case possessed an interest beyond the mere recovey of fines,as it would test the power of the Volunteer Act, and the validity of tbe rules of tbe corps, In accordance with which the floeswere imposed ;bot defendant having paid the f ine, there Is no pppor unity of arguing the point.—if. A. Mail. Air America* O&AToa.;—A gentleman of consierable talent as an orator bocome a member at tbe egislative body in one of tbe eastern stales. In peaking, be was addicted to an odd habit of hanling his speetadei; firstplacing them on his nose— uffering them to remain a minute or two—throwing them upon hi* forehead,and foldingthem up and laying them before him on the deft. One day very important question came up for consideration, and he commenced a speech In opposition. A friend to the piOpo«ed measure, a most incorrigible wag, determined to spoil the effect of the boa. member's 1 remarks, and, accordingly, before be entered - the house, provided himself with a dotcn pair* of spectacles. Tbe member commenoed Ms speech with his usual ability. But a few minutes elapsed before <be was at work with his spectacles, and finallygot them upon his forehead. At this critical juncture, our wag, who stood ready, laid another pair on the desk. 1 before the speaker. These were also taken up, and by gradations gained a plaee on the forehead if die side ol the other. A third, fourth,sad fifth pair were disposed of In like manner. A smile settled upon the countenance* of the hon. member*, which i gradually ligbtenod lnto a grin, and at last, when the speaker had warmed himself into one of bis most eloquent sen ten cos, be deposited a sixth pair with the otheij, and there was oDe long Mtd loud peal of ladghtef- Ifrtm all flatter*" iof.^e room—ph&dist;, lerks', meBaber*, joined in fbe chorus.' The speaker looked with astonishment at this curioas Interrupion i bbVriWrig his hand, he grasped the spectacles, nd the whole joke rushed upon his mind. He ashed the glasses upon tbe floor,and Isft the halL he bill passed by a triumphant majority, probably n oonaequenoe oftfce gentleman's useless habit, "I Irish I was• ghost, blamed if I don't," said a oor fellow, tbe other (tight, as he Hi »ollloqul*lng n the cold. They goes wherever tbey pleasrt, toll ree) they don't owe nobody nothing, and that's* omfort. Who era- heard tell ef a man who had a ill agin a ghost F to run arrants as I do. Their hirts never gets dirty nor thrfr trowser* put at the ees*,asl<«r«r fcsart teUiOn- Gbcwtai*,Jh«wUr ; udepentatpwpl* IkMMs on. 