THE NEWS OF THE BAY. It is the intention of tho Minis' sy, in the first instance, only to issue occupation license 1 o the extent of one hundred arid sixty acres, as it is- feared that it they were granted at. ones for areas of 320 acre3 the -whole of the best agricultural land would be almost immc'diatoly monopolised. It is also thought that in raariy in stances parties of limited means might not ba able' sufficiently to improve the larger area, to secure their preemp tive light t-- the same, in the event of its being offered for sale, whilst they wmdd be easily enabled to maintain possession of the smaller quantity by the additional valu3 that thjir improvements', which would be more circumujribed, would givo ?to the land. After the 169 acre agricultural ? licenses have been in operation for some tira.?, it ^is proposed, should they b3 found to work well, 'to extend them to 320 or even 640 acres. The result of a scrutiny by the Returning 'Officer for the Murray district ha3 placed Mr Reid -at the head of the poll. The means by which ?the Returning Officer arrived lit tfliig decision are, 'however, somewhat unique, -lie determined -upon rejecting all thevotes recorded at Lcngwood 'because the ballot papers -were marked with ?pencil instead of ink. Anything more puerile or ridiculous we can scarcely imagine, particularly after — as we. are credibly informed— -in reply to a 'telegram forwarded to the Government, the Ro ?turning Officer was informed that the fact of the ?papern being marked with pencil made no differ ?ence. ' The votes thus ignored at Longwood were, -5 for Reid and 24 for Orr. .As a key to this ex ?traordinaiy behaviour, we may mention that the Heturrting Officer is a brother-in-law of Mr Iteid's. Alluding to the many flagrant cases of persona tion which have occurred during the recent elec tions, the Mount Alexander Mail submits the fol lowing scheme as one which would in a great degree prevent such practices for -the future.: — 'The roll of the electoral districtof Castlemaine at present numbers about 9000 electors. That number of electoral tickets would more than suffice for the d;strict. They should be of parch ment, and he obtainable of registrars and other : duly appointed persons in the district, on pay ment of one shilling for each. The ticket to bear a record of the holder's name, residence, and i qualification, and to be signed by the person issu ing, and also by tho person to whom it is issued ; a register to be kept by each officer who is ap pointed to issue, of the names of the persons who receive tickets. When the holder proceeds to exercise his suffrage, he presents his ticket to the returning officer, who stamps it with the date o the election, and returns it to him with the hallo? ,' paper, with vvhich be records his vote.' ? ? A deputation, consisting of Mr Chapman, M.L.A., and two ot^-er gentlemen, hed an inter view yesterdayi with tJie Hon. the President of the .Board of Land and Work.?, relative to the comple t on of the remainder of Jhe Dandenong road. Mr Chapman presented a leng memorial Betting f jrth the requirements of the district, and the manner in which it was alleged it had bocn here tofore neglected, A certain portion of the road was already made, and it was now sought to be completed as far as the Dandenong Creek. It was said that the road in question was the only one to Dandenong and the county of Mornington, and waa also the terminus of the main Gipps Land road, and the road to Cranbourna and other places. £380,000, it was said, had been realised from the sale of land in the county of Mornington alone, and only a very inconsidorab'.e sum had been expended in local improvements. The districts of South Bourke, Evelyn, Mornington, and Gipps Land, were all interested in this road. It was calculated that about eight miles of the road still required makin /, and the cost was estimated at from fifteen to twenty thousand pounds. In reply to the de putation, Mr Brooke stated that it was unques tionable but very little regnid had been paid t^ the amount of money which h.^i beon ro. ceived from any district, In carrying out the works in it. 'fho greatest amount of moiiey had been spent in the more numerously populated localities such as the gold fields. The Government had hoped to make some arrangement in their District Councils Bill, whereby tha amount received from any particular district for tho sale of land, might be taken into consideration ia any future scheme of endow ment, but it was found to be too complicated, and was impossible. They would therefore bj only able to look after the future, and the District Councils Bill would provide for giving a certain per cent-gc of the revenue derived from any parti cular district to it again, for the continuance and maintenance of the public warks. The inhabitants - would then have the matter in their own hands, and could deter mine what works should or should no*; be proceeded with. The District Councils Bill would bo one of the fiist introduced at the meeting of the new Parliament, since, if carried, the esti mates would in a great measure be based on it ; and if it was passed, the roads and bridges de partment would, to a certain extent, be abro gated. If, however, the estimates were prepared in the U3uni manner, the application of the depu tation would be formally entertained. A meeting of -the members of the Victorian Poultry Society was held last evening, at the Butchers' Arms, Elizabeth street. The chair was taken by Mr Howard Spenesley. The primary object of the meeting was to elect the officers of the society, and to fix upon a permanent place of meeting. The code of rules which had been drawn up was produced and laid before the meet ing. It was stated that it was chiefly composed of extracts from the Tasmanian code. Tho me et ing adopted it unanimously. The following gen tlemen were then elected by the meeting as the officers of the society : — ^ice-president, Mr H. Spenseley; treasurer, MrD. G. Clarke ; hon. Sec, Mr J. H. Pewtress. The following gentle- ] men were appointed to be the committee : — ? Messrs G. Bushall, J. R. Storihei:s, W. E. Thucfc erby, W. Grave Heddington, H. Higgins. W. Liddcn, Alexander Lawtcnce. The prize list and the conditions of competition were next read and met -with unanimous approval. On the motion of Mr'Spensely, the meeting was adjourned until Tuesday, 3rd September, when tho election of patrons and the choice of a place of meeting will be definitely fixed. A 'vote of than to tho chairman terminated the proceedings. ~The necessity for some provision being made for ' the numbers of poor boys who are now-living vagrant lives and infesting our streets, becomes ?? more apparent every day. Scarcely a day passes without some of these Uedouin3 being brought ?before the magistrates -at the City Police Court charged with vagrancy. They are found sleeping in barrels, in outhoussa, and in empty premises, having no home to go to, nothing to do, end con stantly exposp-1 tn f°mptation. Only yesterday a boy of thirteen or fourteen was brought before the Court. He had' been found fighting in tho streets, and young nshe was he was well known to the police, having several ti:ne3 been convicted and being a constant associate of .the worst characters. It is :for this class -of boys that provision is -needed, and we are gl'.d to ,be able to notice a step in the right direc tion which has been made. Some months ago a benevolent lady started a movement for the education and accommodation of the cla83 we have mentioned. She was joined in the good work by other ladies, who took an interest in the cause, and the result ha3 been that there are now in full working order seven ragged . schools, which may be considered fairly established. The poor chi'dren are received into thsm, sleeping accommodation iisioffarcd them ; they aie cleaned, combed, and washed ; and every evening receive an hour anil a half's instruction. Such an object as this is surely worthy of attention, and we think that it would be difficult to find any charity where money could be invested with more. practical advantage. Small but combined efforts would do much in further ance of the object, andtif everyone would add his mite the work could be, much extonded, and as a ?consequence a great decrease in juvenile crime ovould necessarily ensue,, and many who are now in the paths of sin and vice might possibly be re claimed, and made useful-members of society. 'Councillor Keeley wasyestcrday elected by the City Council as Alderman for Gipps W ard, in place of Mr Cosgrave, whoae resignation we men tioned last week. ?The public baths, that prolific source of corpo rate disquietude, engaged the attention of ;the City Council yesterday for upwards of throe hours, and gave occasion for :a further display of the peculiar guardianship maintained over the . publiciatereEts by that body. The matron and; superintendent of the baths, Mr and Mrs Byrne, having ibeen suspended the previous week for gross misconduct and insolence to a lad)', an order of the day provided that the Council should de cide as to their dismissal. No new evidence on the subject was, however, brought iorward yes terday in fuvor of the superintendent, but a letter from Mr C. Knight was read accusing Mr Byrne of deceiving tanderers for the leasing of the baths by false statements, and a petition was presented .signed by 178 citizens against the acceptance of his (Byrne's) tender. In the face of all these circumstances a majority of ten to nine discharged the noticcof dismissal from thepaper, and accepted Mr Byrne's tender of £525 for the leaseof the baths for 12 months. The opposition made a determined stand, and the excitement ot the occasion im parted an additional gusto to City Council man ners. Charges detrimental to the moral character of the members of the Health Committee were more than insinuated, personalities were the favorite mgiiiaent, and the contradictions point blank the moot admired retort. The finale by candle light was almost .-melO'dramatic, all the council lors talking at once, many of them protesting that the last motion on. the subject liad. not been put ; and the Mayor divested himself of his robes, with an alacrity that be tokened hie delight in escaping from the scene. Since the dissolution, the hall of the Legislative Assembly has been handed over to the charge of Mr Warden and Mi- Johnson, of the Public Works Department, under whose superintendence some very obvious alterations have been effected. To remedy the acoustic defects of the chamber tho arch of the roof has been covered in, and a flat surface is now presented, thase decorated inac cordauce with the general ornamentation, and relieved by large open floral bosses, which also provide for the ventilation. The aspect of the House is plso much changed in other respects . Tho room between the benches has been greatly widened, and the space of the floor proportion ately redueed, while the Speaker's chair has been removed with its heavy canopy complete some little distance into the House. By this the floor is made still smaller, and tho view from the gallery reserved for the press is much circumscribed. To the occupants of the l°ft hand seat? of the reporters' gallery, the members of the Ministry on rising to their legs will be Io3t to sight, and to those seated to tho right, tholead3rs of liar Majesty's Opposition will bo similarly situated. The gagalicrs have been lowered to the level of the two galleries, to the further discomfiture of their occupant*. The end walla have been denuded of the green drapery which decorated them, and the ' cribbed, cabined, and confined' aspect, which has thus been given to the House, is enhanced by tho sub stitution in somo places of cedar paaelling for light iron rails. With the work not yet com pleted, a final opinion can scarcely ba passed* but at present the designers of I he alterations cannot be complemented on the success of their plans, either for ornament or utility. It is not often that tho most captious critic can find ground for even remonstrance agaiast any thing connected with tho management of the Public Libiary; and if we offer a quiet hint or two on the subject at present, we need scarcely say 'that we are actuated by no other motive than a sincere desire for the welfare and credit of one ot the very noblest and most usefa.1 institutions which the country possesses. The first point to which we would call attention is the question as to whether persons should be permitted to bring into the reading-room children of very tender age. Exclamations of wonder and surprise from these little innocents may be very gratifying to their progenitors as indicative of tho fact of their hav ing ' begun te take notice,' but they can scarcely be expected to infuse eq'iai delight into tho hearts of strangers. It is not plaasant when the word painting'of some grand historian has transported us to the midst of a historic pageant of by-gone days to be re-called to tho realities'of every-day life by a little Smith, Brown, or Jones squealing out his infantile astonishment at a bronze figure of -c picsiosaurus, or any other [object which may chance to arrest his gaze, and to find that that shrill cry has swept sway a visioaof Mi.-ie Antoi nette submitting her head to the guillotine, or of a Romen conqueror leading his foreign captives through the streets of the Eternal City. Seriously speaking, children, especially such a-3 are not too stupifl. to receive impressions at oil, should be excluded .'from an apartment whose legitimate occupant is the thoughtful student. There is another class of visitors, too, whose presence coall be advanta geously dip.ptnsed with. We refer to persons who, when rliey enter the library ipossess them selves of a book at random from the shelves, tako a seat at one of the tables with the volume, pro - bably wrong side uppermost, before them, sit down -with' their heads between thair hands, and at once compose themselves to a comfortable nap . We do not mean to say that either of these classes of annoyances Ere at all usual, but we have personally witnessed, instances of each within the last eight or te;i days. As re gards the children, wo have no doubt that -a simple notice placed conspicuously in the passage would effectually check their invasions j and with respect to the somnolent persons, a hint that the library is not intended as a dormitory, would, in all likelihood, if regularly administered, produoe an equallv beneficial effjet. The City Council yesterday resolved upon- ac- cepting the tender of the Melbourne Gas Company to light the lamps of the city, at tho rate of £14 per lamp per annum. Two tenders it appeared had been sent in, but the second one, the Colling wood Gas Company, was only for the lighting of the streets in which the company's mains are laid. This tender was afrthe rate of £12 103 per lamp, but owing to its partial nature it could not be entertained. With regard to the New Zealand gold rfever, the Ballaarat Times has the following :— ' Tho ^rush' to thu Otago gold-fields may now fairly be said to have set in. Several miners are preparing to start on- Tuesday, and, among others, somo of the shareholders of the Cosmopolitan Comp any, who -purpose putting wages men in their places wliiie absent. The coaohos that leave Ballaarat daily, carry off, we are ? informed, numbers of [ peoplofor the new gold-field, and extra coaches have on several occasions boen put on. Many persons, however, are of opinion that it is pre mature to start for Otago, and ominously enough, recal to their minds the ?' horrors' of the 'Port Curtis and Snowy River rushes.' Dr. 'Candler, ihe District Coroner, held an in quest on Saturday, at Cranbourne, on the body of Robert Duff, proprietor of the Cranbourne Hotel, who died on the previous day. It ap poared that on the day in quo3tion, the deceased was out riding with one or two friends, and when in the act of adjusting his stirrup, the horse started, and he lost his balanoe,:falling heavily on a stump of a tree on his right side. He never spoke again and died soon after. The jury re turned a verdict in accordance -.with the above : facts. A general meeting of the members of the Vie-i torian Turf Club was held, yestorday afternoon, ,-it Morton'fl:Hdtel, Bourke street. Mr Lyon took the chair. The minutes of the last meeting were ,read and unanimously adopted. The secretary then read several letters which he had received connected with the club, and they were left for consideration. A lengthened discussion ensued with reference to the removal of the Grand Stand on the race-course, which was erected by the Turf' Club, but whose .claims to it are not ad mitted by the trustees, as it is a fix ture. No satisfactory conclusion was ? come to on the point. A letter was also read from the Secretary of tho Ballaarat Turf Club, x'ecommending the appointment of a publichahdi ca-pPeri and requesting the co-operation of the Melbourne Club in the matter. The meeting decided on returning a conditional answer in the affirmative. A motion, of which notice had been previously given by Mr Watson, giving the stewards *p Mvev to prevent bet- defaulters from having access' to tho Grand Stand, was, after some discussion carried unanimously. A proposition to the effect th'at a horse entered for a race whose name had b sen changed should he entered in both names unde.r a penalty of disqualifica tion, was 'put to the i-eeting, and carried unani mously.- Some other mi'ior business having been transacted, the meeting separated after haying passed a vote of thanks to tAe chairman. Donald Good, a young man, was brought to the Hospital last evening suffering from injuries in his hand. He was engaged at the Spencer street saw mills, and whilst working a circular saw, his hand unfortunately got caught, and be fore he could extricate it it was fearfully muti lated. Another casualty case was also leceived. William Bell, a mason, was engaged at a build ing in Collins street, and was on a scaffolding. He unfortunately made a false step, and fell from a height of thirty feet *-o the gvound. He wns very much shaken, but happening to fall on some sand he suffeied no material injury. A case 9f assault, Isaac Polak v. Patrick Costello, arising out of the personation at the Mornington election, was to have been tried yesterday at the District Court. On the opening of the Court, however, the defendant's solicitor, Mr Cookman, made an npppication for the postponement of the case, en the ground that his client had supposed he was not to becalledupon until Wednesday, and that tho witnesses for the defence were not in attendance. The Bench acceded to the request, and the hearing of the ca.se was accordingly post poned until to-morrow. Several summonses have been taken out against Mr Costello for breaches of the Electoral Ail, fer aiding and abetting impcrnonations, and these are to be dis; posed at the District Court this day. The management of the Princess's Theatre has again fallen back upon Bourcicault for a novelty, and ha3 produced his supernatural drama of ' The Phantom.' It is to be questioned, however, whether the popularity accorded to ' Jessie Brown' and the ?' Colleen Bawn' will be extended to this last production. A wild and incoherent ghost, or rather vampire, story, with little of the blue fire element and less sequence, is^not likely to be a favorite with an audience that exult3 in the stirring incidents of the seige of Lucknow, and sympathises with the trials of Eily O'Connor. ' The Phantom' has for its scene an old and ruined castle in Wales, and the plot is, that the castle is haunted by its Ia3t lord, who having slain his own brother to assume possession of his domain, is restored to life, after being killed in the Royalist wars, and lives by virtue of the occasional sacrifice of some relative whose blood ho remorselessly sucks upon the heights of Saowdon, or in his dismantled halls. On two occasions he is introduced to the audience. In the first instance, after committing a series of attacks and committing') two murders, when it would appear that one would suffice. He is then shot, but revives beneath the healing beams of the moon, to which on Snowdon he has been exposed. On the second occasion, after the lapse of a hundred years, he is foiled in hu plan on the life of a maiden of his race, and is finally exterminated by means of an experienced leech who had discovered tho secret of his existence, and who also secures the services of a thunder bolt. A love story is connected with the play, but tne origin and termination of tho s;inw is left 'to th 3 audience to solve. A-5 tho phantom vam pire, Mr Fawcett, was well up in his part, and descended and ascended through perilous ' traps,' with an adroitness which mu3t have strongly im prosaed the juvenile specta'ors with the idea of his authenticity. MissRosaDunnandMrTomFawcett, the distressed lady and the gallant cavalier of each of th 3 acts, were all that could bo desired, while Miss Matthew3 and Messrs Dunn, and Stewart, celebrated their lowly Iovoh and adven tures with song and repartep, and made them about the most effective parts of tha pieco. The two former in the duet of 'When a lit tla farm we keep,' were warmly encored. The curtain fell at the close of tho drama, and some applause, but the success of the piece is equivocal. Of 'Aladdin,' which conclude! the performance, there can be no diffsrence of opinion. The bur lesque isTecoived as v/jll as ever, and seems to be entering upon a fresh term of popularity. At the Theatre Royal last night, Mr Lambert played Daddy Hardacrc, in thfr drama of that name. Beyond this one part the play, has but slight merit. The entire interest is concentrated on the close-fisted, grasping miser, and the charac ter is depicted with life-like fidelity by Mr Lam bert. His agony on discovering the loss of his treasure bring3 forcibly to mind a Bimilar situa tion in that clever novel ' Silas Marner.' Tho most attractive feature of the evening's enter tainment was the fi^t public appearance of Monsieur Poussard, violinist, and Mon sieur Douay, the performer on the violon cello. These gentlemen possess a high European reputation, and are undoubted instru mentalists of the very first rank. The programme commenced with the national anthem, as arranged by the performers themselves. A solo on the violin, being variations on tho airs from 'Lucia di Lammermoor,' was splendidly rendered by Mons. Poussard. That which elicited the greatest amount of admiration was Mons. Douay's won derful solo on the violincello : the instrument in his hand seems gifted with every power short of articulation, and at times bordered very closely upon that. Both these artistes play with intense feeling and decision, and possess extraordinary delicacy of touch. Mons. Poussard brings Sivori to mind strongly. Melbourne has never before possessed violinists of so high an order of merit. The selections from 'II Trovatore' were accompanied by Mr Lewis, of the Philharmonic Soeiety. By special request, M.M. Poussard and Douay wound up with a vocal feline duet, bting a close copy of those housetop serenades which are at times. so distressing to the ear. Although grotesque and amusing, th-'s portion of the perfor mance might have been judiciously omitted. We venture to predict that these performers will be come very popular. Last night thoy received a large meed of applause. The farce of 'Bam- .boozling' concluded the performances. 