THE DAYS OF QUEEN ELIZABETH. THE Times recently published a series of able and careful reviews of Mr. Motley's work on the English- Dutch struggle against Spain, in tje sixteenth century. We extract the following portion, referring to the period when the Earl of Leicester was at the head of his array in the Netherlands, and useless negotiations were pro- ceeding while the Spanish Armada was in the English Channel: - . SJ loteas the middle of July belter rr.on than Croll-Longlee, Stuffnrd, and Walsingham, wera begin- ning to discard their apprehensions; but poor Croft believed in postúlalos and proRoola up to the 2nd of August. Un tbut very day it liaidly required n miracle to waft him tho Bound of a roply, which to a diplomatist of bi« disarelion and experience munt have sounded «9 a very frivolous irregularity. On that Vfry d»y beiween Fortland Bill and St. Albni.'s He»d two great (liol» wro intercbarging broadsides, and this waa already tbe third tiny of the running flgv t to which England bad ruHbed st ono bound, when she behold the Armada sweeping up tbe English Channel. What were tho preparations of England to resist 40,000 trained soldier?, if they had paabvd our outer wall ot' Drnkes and FrobUbers ? The question is ono of the most Ha?aestive - ono eren wiiicli conoorns us mont rf all tba quo flinns which oin bo onswrreH by tT.ero history. An army had been en'ro'led- that in to «ny on paper, of 80,01(1 foot, nnd 13,831 oavoliy. Only 48 000 of tht'Be were B* t down, even on j aper, ns trained ; and what thia training amounted to we shall soe very .shortly. Leicester wes lo ba ooromander-in chitf; leicester was to measure himself with Parma. Nomi- nally bis army waa to consist of nearly 30/00 men; Lord Chamberlain Hunterton was to proteat thc Quern's person with another army of 30 OOo ; nnd the lord.Iii u tenant of eaoh oonnty. »ii, to do his best with the militia. Stanley, be nf Zu'phcn, insp- ctpd come of the latter o nd found that BB jet they bad not been trained one dap. The canker or a long peace, hart destroyed the inclination for soldiering. " For our long quietness v»l>i'h it hath phased God lo send UP," Faid Stanley, "they think their money very ill.bistouo.l wl.ioh they expend on armour or weapon, for that they be tn hope they sball never have occasion to uso it, BO that they ni >y pass muster, as they have dono heretofore. I want greatly powder, for tbere is Ittle or nano at all." According to thu ienerally oioep'el statement of tho Chroniclers, there were 76,000 men of acme kind or an pacify uridor orros; men who wei e at least equal to posh of pikp, in hearty tumultuous fashion. Th* fimdhl lords m a do spirited rffcre; the Tilrury pageant in fami- liar ; let UB lcok Btead.ly at thia imposing muster and 8ot- what it ali amounted to. ' The Armada, teased, bullied, and bunted up the Chan- nel, bad arrived in .dillis Hoads on Saturday, the Oth of August. Tbe weather was not unfavourable ; . tbe sea waa smooth ; and if a Spanish army bad ever , landed in England nt all, that event would bave occurred on Sun- day, the 7th. For aught that Leiaeater or Burghley or' Eliztbeth know at the time, the army of Farnese might rn Monday have been marohing upon London. Now, on that Monday rooming tbe army ol Lord Hundsdon Wits not assembled at all, and Leicester, with but 4000 rai n under his command, was just ccmraenoing bis camp at Tilbury. Tbs glorious apparition of the g'rat Queen on ber white palfrey did not utter its magDid cent burst ol patriotic eloqatnaa till ll days after- wards. When Elizabeth pranced ot Tilbury the great Armada'had. been for o week ''dashing itself against tho ol.fla of Norway and the Faroes, on ita forlorn retreat to Spain." - Leioestrr seems really to have put a travo faoo OD the difficulty, which he did not, however, conoeal fr3m W<il allingham. Bis 4000 bad arrived, and "they be ai forward men and ea willing to meet the enemy aa I ever saw," said be ; but he could not commend tbe commissariat. " Some want the captains showed," be observed, .* for these men arrived without ons meal of victuals, so that on their arrival they bad not ona barrel of beer nor ¡oaf of bread-enough after twenty miles' march to have discouraged them and brought them to mutiny." Such ara " the dilatory wanta you shall And in all sudden hurley.hurleys.* Where to, find bia men, however-beer and bread being the second question - waa his lead- ing perplexity. " If it be five days to gather these countrymen, judge what it will be to look in that space for those that dwell 40, SO, 60 miles off." Two days ago be invited victuallers to come in ;-" there is not one victualler come in to this hour." Norria and William« had hurried to Dover on the nowa of Medina Sidonia's approaoh ; and Leicester, beginning his intrenchments, was indignant, with gocd reason, that they bad not yet returned. " I am hero Cook, Caterer, and Huntsman," said he; bis lieutenants were ill-using him; "if you saw how weakly I am assisted, you would be sorry to think that we here should be the front again et the enemy, that is so mighty, if be should land turo," He waa not complimentary to the Boyal Artillery Company, "for your Londoners," be said, "I see their Bervice will be little, except they nave their own saptainB, and hav- ing them, I look for none at all by fbem when we sball meet the enemy." Such training as could be bad on the spot was endeavoured by Sir John Smith ; but it appears that "he entered into snob strange crieB for ordering of. men «nd for the fight with the weapon as mada me think," says Leicester, " ht was not well. Cod forbid ha should have charge of men that knowe th so little os I dara pro- nounce that he doth." At the a*ms time hn was ex- horting the Queen "it ia more than time your army weregathered. »nd»boo» yotf , « « »hereUno de) «ac« at taoh . tim« nor with moh an enemy, . « I .ooo as yonr army ia assembled, let them by-ind-bye I «xercis -d, ever; man to know bia weapon." All othi nings "should be prepared in readiness for your ara aa if thej should march npon a da;'» w ming, otpecüll carriages, and a commissary oí victuals, and a mauler i ordnance." Such suggestions would not haye seems premature had they been ruade six month before, but, offeied in August, they Bound portentous c all possible calamiiies, when the Armada was at tba very inmant barely 100 mil. s distaut f'om London. Grant Elizabeth ber lion heart and her glorfon fortune, ber tact upon some occasions, and be heroic tenacity,-the fact is, shs fal eJ in the high, qualities' of kingship. She was the dupe of Parra and Philip, and tbe Armada was a surprise,-a- surpris after ita long desultory preparation, and after »ll tb warnings of ber tagest cosncillors. She was tbe violin of her own faite économie* in tho first in itanee, then o I tbe peaoa party, who encouraged ber notorious weak neap. Burleigh bad a store of pilby appotztegms, foi which be' knew be could always nod sympathy in thi Queen's breast, anal with whioh ha could answer the de. manda of admirals and generals. "To spend in tim< convenient ia wisdom T" " to continue charge» without needfuloouse briugeth repentance?' "to bold on chargea without knowledge of tbe certainty thereof and of means bow to tapper! them is lack of wisdom;" and; so on, Wben theÂtmada did come bad Barleigh retired to bia bed, aa he did on a tar lesa serious occasion, he could have nodded there to more sensible purpose, after some ditoreet person had te ken away hit oandle. " Security,*. aa the Lord Admiral said, waa " danger, ou H." nod, aa faa added, " if God had not been- our beat friend, we nhould have found it so." But England was really readier by tea than by land ; and, though th« ton. nage of ita whole Boyal navy waa not half that of the Oreat Eastern, its volunteer skippers made np for tbe deficiency, aa th ty bounded to the deatb-grapple with Spain like schoolboys lot oat to play. It is not our place to descube the Armada fight, that Channel cam- paign of hourly battles, to which volunteers from ebor« swarmed as if to a regatta, or as a whole oountry side on Bhore falls in at a foxhunt. Aa Wotton described it, il was like " a' morris lianoe upon the waters." Tbe seven days ' of alternate manoeuvre and partial essay, " plucking tbeir feathers little by little," aooording to tbe notion of tba Lord Aamiral, the, breathing day, in Calais Bonds, the snooessfuV device of the flresbips, wheo tbs British terrier drew the spanish Bbunk, the general engageaient with the substantial fruits of victory at .Gravelines, and the final flight of tba Armada before the freshening gale,-all- these incidents of thia tale, told a thousand times, will never oease to set on fire nur imaginations and hearts, for there is bat one tale like it in the wbole repertoire of history. Drake summed op the matter in one pithy, pregnant sentanae, whioh will ever remain its happiest record, and which should rightly be engraved on his own monu- ment when we remember to erect it. "Beaten and sbufflod together from the Lizard to Calal*, driven with squibs from their anohors, and chased oat of eitjht of England, about Soolland and Ireland, their invincible sod dreadful navy, with all its great and terrible oaten tation, did not in all tbeir sailing about England so moola as sink or lake one ahlp, barque, pinnace, or cook boat of ours, or even burn so mach aa one sheepsote on this land." Drake's chaff, if possible, was sharper than hts hawk-lika swoop. There is no sterner figuro any- where than tbtt cheerful " Draak," (training after the Spaniard through -tbe black tempest of tbe North Sea. " There never was anything pleated me better," said that jovial mao of war, the roughest of patriots and devoutest of pirates, " Than seeing the enemy flying with a southerly wind to the northward. God grant yon ' have a good . eye to tbe> Duke of Parma, for, with the graee of God, if we live, I doubt not so to handle the matter with tbe Duke of Sidonia as that he shall wish himself. at St. Marj's Port among hit orange trees." But there was thin abatement to tho effort* of Drake and bia brother Vikings, that they had small ssnistanon frc>m anybody, except the opportune Soo'-wester. They were deficient in ammunition and provisions for tbt, britfeut cruise j in fact, they were apparently victualled and aided from tbeports on shore, to which Irom time to time thfir wants were made known. At length, in the fight,off Gravel ines, "when the cartridges were all spent," mid Winter, "we oonsed fighting," hut (mark i he context) .' we. followed the enemy." Thoufeb our powder and shot was wall nigh spent," said tbe Lord Admiral, " wo put on a I rag counten- ance, and gave them obaBe, sa though we had wanted nothing." Yet tbeir atoîk of provisions wa<> almost aa low as tbeir stock'of powder and b»ll. Howard bad not three days'supply of food in his lockers, end Seymour and - bis squadron had not food for ono day. Accordingly, when Seymour and Winter, took their departure, " tbey bad much ado," so Winter sa'd, " with the staying of many ships th it would have re'n>ned with them, besides thoir own oompon.v." Fur. suing the Spaniards without powder to fire, and without beef or bread to ear, . waa not thought nmniing Lythe Ei glish orews. Hod the Spaniards, instead of Hying pooic-btruok. turned on tbeir pursuers, what might not have been the reknit of a conflict with starving, unaimtd men 7 After tbe struggle waa over, the sailors, by whom England bad" been defended in her extremity, were djing by hundreds, and even thousands, in the latter dayB of August. Mun riokened of ' the ship fever one day and died tbe next, so that lhere was a risk of tho armament disappearing while tb« Armada : might retara. At yet there was no naval hospital?, and the tailors rotted in th' ir ship», or died without help in tho streets of the naval porte' "Tis arnott pitiful Bight," said thc L">rd Admiral, " to see here at Margate bow the mcn.i having no place whuro tbey can bo r aeived, din in the streets. lom driven mys If to come oo land to see them bestowed in tome lodgings, end tbe bret I can get itt barns and snort outhonses, and tho relief is smill that I can provide tor them here.' It wou'd grieve any mans heart to see mea that have served io va iantly. die io miserably." Tto Mirvivort could not got their wages aftor haviug been fight ni on tb a at Bea end enduring many privation». Ho wonder that, as tho Admiral observed, " finding it to come thus scantily, it breeds a marvellous alteration arnon»; them." The a'm'ral» wrsnglcd, as matter ol o nrsej na they do at Ibis day, so they quarreled then Howard and Seymour over chances of promotion, and Drake, llamkinn, and Frobi her over simple loot ; -"good sailors and better pi ates," as was exnvplifUd by som* of their crews, who bustled sema friendly Fronobmt-n at Calais for'i he take of their finger rings. It ii clear that the Philip Sidn-ys of the fleet were few, when they ruBhod nt tbs Spaci.h ships lunn, with the anim«« ol tho old Norseman. It was a rough service which they rendered, and it was roughly compensated. England did not quito àoher daly, though nb o required theirs, without which tbera would bavo been scout hope for many years to come for man, woman, or child who might bear an Eogliah name. " : -' Mr. Motley bas'rendered justice fo the value of our Dotoh . allia*, as becomes the biatorian oi the United Netherlands ; and bis praires were truly merited. The bardy seamen of Holland and Z eland kept Parma in check; they sealed bim np, as it wsre, hermetically, so that ' wo bad only ibo Armada lo our own share. Had Parma effected a jonction with Medina Sidonie, whom he was oharged to replace as chief of the expedition, we should bave had a still more dlsproportionod foroo tu dispose of. Bul Philip, who dotigned this, took no acoount of the fr ot that tbe vigilant Dutchmen kept command of tbe entire eoaat There was no arrangement whatever to enable Parma to come forth-not the slightest provision to effect tho junction enjoined. Medina Sidonia looked wrathfully from Calais Hoads for his corning, but he carno not, nor could oome. Parma chafed at his own detention like a caged lion ; bat, with bis painful foresight, the old roan of the Escorial had forgotten the leading malob which was neoeisary to oonneot his two mines, and tba* our shoroB received the shock of only half of the explosion. ' From thcB« shortcomings and illusions, from tbe imminent TÍBKB incurred npon both Bides, one broad inference cornea forth and fronts UB BB inevitable. Prinoss were not as powerful for good or evil even in those earlier times as we have been aoenstomed to imagino. The strength even then waa in tbe inde- finito masses, and in tbs virtue of the principles by which they were leavened. Spontaneous effort saved England and Holland then, if ever. Individuals seemed, but they were not, the arbiters of our destinies ; Kings in tbeir cabinets scrawled our doom ; bot no governmental power, however strong, could suppress, or Babtist apart from, a national movement. Elizabeth herself was bnt a fly upon the wheel. Free effortB wera our salvation. Fros instinots moved the world. The force of reactionary France flung the Valois to bis fate, and tamed even that exuberant Gascon, Henry of Navarre. No ruler even of the 10th century could bend to his will a people willing Bcd worthy to be frte-not Sixtus the Fifth, nor Goise, nor false Anjou, not Eliza- beth prancing an her warhorse, nor Philip toiling in bis cell. It is remarkable tbat so soon after tba Armada bad failed so roany of the chief historio parts were vacant. Tbe Valois bad fallen under the knife of Clement. Quisa was found lying stark and still at the foot of bia great four- poster, as we see him in tba pic turo with a' knot of perplexed gentlemen in the doorway. Catherine de Medici died also. And some , of the bardett billers in the Netherlands fight bad passed ava* io kalda w" skirmish. Pairo* himself wi dealhstruok, «bile sp'too^' La¡eester preceded him vu shortly after the Araaia han .collapsed. His enamour, mistress consoled herself mo».* ohsracttiiuicslly I pulling in tho broker, and sellin/í bil' et!"-eta to p»y tl debts which he bad really incuireJ F>a n^r acoouo Soh was the wind-up of " Sweet Hobio/'when to us tba words of a popular novelist, .. Cop-id biuM»'r flaw ot of tba window, and the lim of Damon and Phillis wa insolvent. And Fbili>, what of him t How did hi receive tb news that the Armada was . wreck, that the close board log and slow patient toil of years, the strength and pom of two continents, with the blessing of the great apiritua medium, bsd bean invested in bis enterprisi and expended in vain ? Tba facts are mor illdstrative. For a long time he believed tha hi» dreams wera accomplished. Aa he sate at bi writing-desk ba regarded himself as monarch of England long after the Armada had been hopelessly dispersed Daring the first Un dayer of Augast, Paris was equally deluded. Philip's Ambassador, Mendoza, stalked intu Notre Dame with his drawn sword in bis hand, oryirg "Viotery, victory f He orderad bon-fires ; he issued a pamphlet-an .unhappy pamphlet, 'Whioh the English Ambassador speedily answered. "That wbiea-oometb from me," said the letter, " will be believed, for I have not been used to tell lies, and, in- vory truth, I bave not the f*e« to do it," Soon after he wrote a pamphlet, in his tarn, to compete with that of Mendoza, and his was decidedly the more auoeoasful of the two. He- was " desirous," as be said, " of touching .ap tba impotftnoe of tba Spaniard," and bia. style waa therefore eaaatia; io mach aa that tba aauey pages of the Frenoh Coon took to chaffing Mendoza, begging from him some old refuse town or so - in Kogland, Bach BS York, Canterbury, london, till tba iofelioitous Doa was ashamed to show his faca. Philip himself, when be heard of the retreat from before Calais, to which it waa said the Armada " waa oompellod by-tha weather," began to be somewhat uneasy ; and bia letters to Faroaee and Sidonia expressed hia aolioitnde. Still ha trusted in " the help ot the Lord," and bis spirits were revived by the aeoonnts wbich reached bim in September, by way of France. It was reported thence that the Armada had taken many Dutoli and English ahipa j that there had been an aotion, whioh the English had attempted in vain to avoid, off Newcastle; that Medina Sidonia had sunk 30'ships, captured 3S otherB, tsken à fortin Scotland, and disposed of every Englishman of note, except Drake, who had esoaped in a cook-boat. "Thu is good news," added the writer, "and it ia most oertaio." But, to pass over the immediate stages, the trna news came at last, when the Invincible Armada, broken, ruined, and forlorn-so far as it still existed-had reached a Spanish part. Great was then the conster- nation of tbe two secretaries, Idiaquez and Moura, an they listened to tba tale, and very desiroue waa eaoh' of them that the other - ahould ais bharge the unwelo;me duty of introiucinu tbe courier to Philip, The two secretaries were 'pacing up and down the corridor before the.door of Philipa cabi- net, when at length one of them, Moura, ventured to en'er. We can imagine hie eeoea'iona with bis band upon the door-handle. He found Philip seated at his desk. Of course, ba was writing letters, ne had re- ceived the newe of the victory of Lepanto with solemn equanimity ; he had been extraordinarily cheerful when be heard ot tba Massacre of St, Bartholomew; on a lutes oooaslon ba had 'rushed eagerly to soream through his daughter's keyhole tba three words, "Antwerp ia ours," But now be listened to the greater news nithont even changing countenance. " And bow did his Majeaty rr. celva the blow f" asked Idiaquez. "His Majeaty thic k< nothing of the blow," answered Moura ; .* nor do I, con sequent ly, maka more of this great oalamity thoa doe« his Majesty." What was the meaning or value of this wonderful oalmness? Waa it. the serenity, of a high spirit de- frauded of ita objeot, but resting " impavld1* on its con- sciousness ot right t Why, the very heavenly host had des ried and denied bim ; tho stars in their courin-R liai, fought against Sisera; Deus ajßavit et dlitijpabantur. ilia prayers wera rejected, or bia idols were spurious. His ohoinost relies were but wooden nutmegs now. Any other men, with a true belief in bis mission, or a sincere aelf-reapeot, would have tauen to bis bed and died. Bat Philip went .about his ordinary business, writing, and still writing, upstroke and down stroke. His failure did not crush bim as it would hate crushed a higher nature. A delicately tempered spiiit would 'have Bucoumhdd in- stantly. A great man of a rougher type, would have yielded up the ghost painfully. Uko William Pitt after the. news of Austerliz. But Phillp laid down the , burden of Ferdinand and Isa- bella and the bequest of Charles V. aa: if it had beena common porter's knot.- . He bad been oliargetl with a great purpose in much the same sense that you aharga a popgun. The pallet pamed through a wooden tube, and tbs tube waa unoff o'.ed. Goethe bu fathomed the probltm of un opposite conception In hi» exquisito and immortal criticism upon Hvmlot. There, too, tbero is a purpose imposed upon a natura inade. qnato; but this nature is ohoice, refined, and olevatad. Goethe bas estimated the moral oonflict and the inevita bia reaalt with a penetration supported by his own luminous imf gs. 'Thia purpose in an soorn deposited in a va«e whioh should have borne only pleasant fruits or beauteous flowers. " It waa an oak tree planted in a costly jar ; -the roots expand-th» j ir is shivered." But Philip waa a common potsherd, impervious to tho conte of doora. " There is but one ' p' in .Tophet," it mlittit please bira to remark, ai he waa descending thither with entire-serenity. There waa hut . arte resource when the waves were rolling over . bia galloon?, to p"rsi it in his delusion of givrninjr by.bis gnose- quill, oin! to ohaot bio hollower Tc Deam as if Ai* was the deliver, ance. 