' CALEDONIA. TO THE RESCUE! "-TTS MWlwuw smm uum a currcspou- ts which we profess ourselves; utterly unable to discover the meaning of either the head or the tail, however plain some -portions of the body may ha His object evidently appears to be, to urge upon the Scotsmen of tViig district the necessity and propriety; of imitating other portions of the community -rn the formation of what he is pleased to designate a t'Comunn," which in our ignorance we take to a kind of Glob. . We would, for. the information of our correspondent, who' signs himself with such an unpronounceable and. mysterious array of letters, simply inform him, that the subjectjis neither new nor overlooked. Indeed, if ail be-true tiiat we hear, there is at this moment a project of a Highland Gathering on the tapis; and if he will only " wait a little longer" he will find that the Claim na Gael — (we have just been told its meaning) — -in Hamilton will prove themselves fully worthy of their ancient reputation, and the name they bear'; and- " will shortly stand forth in such united array, as will show to " brithfr Scots' that' they have not in the least forgotten " Caledonia, stern and wild," in this the land of their adoption. The following is our correspondent's letter: — CLANN NA GAEL, .'AN GDHJBH NA CHEHJE ! ' To Out Editor qf the Spectator. Sra, — Although, I regret to say, that I have lost say Gaelic - and a lengthened residence in England lwa nearly "transmogrified" me into a 'veritable PnimTh everything bnt blood — still X have, from my infancy upwards, so identified myself with, everything Scottish, wherever I have found it, in many parte of the world, that uponmy arrival in your unnustakeably- riBtng town a lew days ago, my heart fully "gaed a loop o delicht" to find mysdf sud denly planted' in the midst of akind of miniature Slspd, peopled by "baith Lallan an' Hudan' bodies," and above all, ornamented with the braw and blythsome faces of the many ' bourne bardies" which I daily behold, showing most undeniable evi dence of their bring daughters of tire far-distant North. Bat, Sir, jndge of my emprise when, upon my in- i qairy who was the Secretary of the Crledonun Society of this place, I was told there was no sack : tiring In Hamilton 1 Yoajmigbt "hae tmmfcitm. ' tins ssrongnoic! of ootemeni TrilJit not;to the Caledonian Soriety -of Ballarat, nor to that of Bpninyong! — whisper it "not to the Gomann sa Fienne, of Geelong — especially let it not be known in Melbourne, where the hoary patron saint of our beleved country holds his kilted court on the groen sward annuity. — lett the children of AXbanach, in 1 Hamilton, be hannted by the ghosts of their an- .cestors, upbraiding . them for deserting thai- aged parent. It is, as the Dominie has it, Prodigious! Bat I would fun hope that tins apparent is only temporary, and that Hamilton will speedily show that it lacks none of that enthusiastic Scottish ardonr which exists in so many other portions of th. colony, and that it only needs the helping and guid ing funds of two or .three of the fTtota na Gael -to take the matter up, and commence the formation ot a Society or Comnnn, which wili in time be second to none in Victoria. 1 am, Sir, your obedient servant, NA BEAN EI CAT GfJNN LAMHINN. Hamilton, May 9th. Presbyterian Chubch. — We understand h»s the Bev. Air. Macslman, of Mosquito Plains, will preach in this church to-morrow oigbe at half-past six o'clock. New Medical Jocbsal.— ' We have to acknow ledge the first number of a bi- monthly Uwlii-il periodical, called the -Afediari Becord ; it is a neatly 1 printed pamphlet of twelve quarto pages. Tt mil be devoted to subjects connected with the Medical Profession, Colonial Hospitals, Ac. It is edited by Dr. Beeves, and is to be published an tie 1st and 16th of each month. The MosxCipax. Election.— Two of our towns- "taen who have lately settled amongst UH, as will be seen by thrir addresses in another column, have beea induced to become Candidates for flw vaiiu)w» in our Municipal ConnciL -Both Air. Cameron and "Mr. Harris are very worthy surd thoroughly business men, and each is interested in the well-being ot the town. i Vow- Gexzb. r." Bsown ax» Otuebs. — thi» jn,. portent trial, which must henceforth, take its sW tnontiK€in(M%2idrMofVietoQui jurisprudence, on account uf the extraordinary nature of the case,. WH the amount of nun -fcy a mistake in a deed of conveyance of land, has been; finally disposed of in 'A "judgment," contained in six closely-printed columns, driivered by Mr. Justice Pohlman. Ths case was as follows Twenty-two years ago, one John MNall purchased 25 acres of land, allotment of No. 23, which he afterwards wold , to Bowenuan as lotagfitcai, instead "of " twenty three. . in 1841 MNall became insolvent, and bis ,>hg|uinds.gf jtijiiitnps, .ntprn: l8nor2S appeared." John M'N'diea fctevtate, in' top year 1844, leaving one nf the defoidanta, Aames «Hi«rir- abda<r. BowermanWastostat sea, .an a u. Bowertnan became his heir ; 'in conse- qtience.RoM the laud to Mason, Who again eoldit to to Von Geyer, "the plaintiff. James M'Nall having commenced an Auction imf ejectiBeniugaiast Mat Geyer, . on the nrounds thnt tine had rnfriii if t ith to lot 2S--ljS 11 18" being nthe drid-nssiuquj. for case. Accordingly;" Vpnjpeyer' -counsel moved for' >an injunction to- restraihthe exEcnfors of MNall fominjertrnent,.i-4y yridmoe, toahow the »»fe- «fc In theoriginal deed. After hearing a mate OS w> idenceon both alSeaimi& bf It, forScfendsnts .bring ef amashcoafiirizu cJMmler)lbeConrti>n>- nouncett its decision to - the -following -cfikdti — ' " Thar, 'cimsidpnrjg tire preiod which -bas rispsed 'rincc the joriginM iflred ,waS jdrawh ruij ihat Uall- netec timr.amiitoiriIXbt'18 fo-bfe-wiMcLfthat the Pdttsdfofaw1ridat>uand riimldbc entertained bythe Court, and,ocmtoquent-4ni«rerym)c£d the same time,,of opinion, that, inttead df-'gadea- jvonnng tooyoet -Sfre.' Van -tGeycrii<iArafoll3ln! estate"1 - 