TOWN TALK. The Speaker has this day issued writs for the election of members to serve in the Legis- lative Assembly, in the place of John O'Sha- nassy, Esquire ; Richard Davies Ireland, Esquire ; William Clark Haines, Esquire ; Charles Gavan Duffy, Esquire ; James Stewart Johnston, Esquire ; Robert Stirling Ander- son, Esquire ; who have accepted offices of profit under the Crown ; and the following arrangements have been made for such elec- tions : — Kilmore : Date of writ, 15th November ; date of nomination, 23rd November ; day of polling, 27th November ; return of writ, 5th December. Villiers and Heytesbury : Date of writ, 15th November ; date of nomination, 26th November ; day of polling, 3rd Decem- ber ; return of writ, 10th December. Portland : Date of writ, 15th November ; date of nomination, 25th November ; day of polling, 28th November ; return of writ, 10th December. St. Kilda : Date of writ, 15th November ; date of nomination, 23rd November ; day of polling, 28th November ; return of writ, 5th December. Emerald Hill : Date of writ, 15th Novem- ber ; date of nomination, 23rd Novem- ber ; day of polling, 27th November ; return of writ, 5th December. A few minutes after ten o'clock last night a fire broke out on board the ship Prince of the Seas, moored alongside the Railway Pier, at Sandridge. From all that we can gather the conflagration commenced in the galley, and the vessel being built of North American wood the flames soon got beyond control. The donkey engine belonging to the ship Alfred was placed in a position to command the burning vessel, and the efforts of those working the hose probably have been successful had they been backed by additional assistance. Fears being entertained that the jetty itself would catch fire, and there not being sufficient water power to bear effec- tually on the flames, it was found necessary to haul off the ship from the pier. There was no cargo to remove, the vessel being under repair, and the only moveable property to be saved was in the cabins ; and this was successfully re- moved. At 20 minutes past eleven the foremast fell, and the mizen shortly afterwards gave way. Attempts were several times made to scuttle the ship ; but at the time we left Sand- ridge she was still burning. The Prince of the Seas arrived here about a month ago from Liverpool ; she was under the flag of the White Star Company, and was commanded by Captain Brown. She was on the berth for Liverpool, and her register was about 1200 tons. No account of the Mail, as having been sighted at the Otway even, up to the time of our going to press. We have Launceston papers to the 12th and Hobart Town papers to the 13th instant. The debate on Mr. Horne's want of confidence motion was proceeding. A public meeting was held last evening at the Quarry hotel, Brunswick, the object of which was announced to be that of " initiating a movement in opposition to the unprin- cipled clique who have ousted the Ministry. " About 100 persons were present, and Mr. H. Bastings occupied the chair. A number of resolutions were passed condemnatory of the conduct of the Opposition, and a committee was appointed " to watch over the interests of the people and to co- operate with other societies having the same object in view. " A testimonial to King, the only surviving companion of Burke and Wills, was agreed to at the last meeting of the Castlemaine Town Council. It now lies at the Council Chamber for signature, and it is intended to invite King to a banquet, at which the testimonial will be presented to him. Mr. Gilmore, of Tumbarumba, called at the office of the Albury Banner, on Monday last, to inform the conductors of that journal, that he had just come down from the Upper Murray, and that pleuro-pneumonia was spreading in that direction. Mr. Smetwith's station, at Jingellic, was mentioned as one on which it had made its appearance. Likely enough. And one of our members of Council stated, on Wednesday last, that there was hardly a station on this side of the Murray in the Ovens and Goulburn district on which there were not some traces of it. But he did not affect any alarm at this, although himself a large cattle owner. A meeting of the All England Match Com- mittee was held yesterday at Mr. Marshall's rooms, Swanston street, the Hon. George Coppin in the chair. Some discussion took place upon the desirability of the Victorian Twenty-two practising together as often as possible in anticipation of the match with the All England Eleven ; and the following reso- lution, moved by Mr. Wardill, and seconded by Mr. Philip Johnson, was passed : — " That the match Committee be requested to report progress next Friday, and that their attention be called to the fact that the first match with the All England Eleven will take place in six weeks from this time, and that it is desirable that the Twenty-two should practice together as often as possible. " The Secretary announced that he had received a telegram from Sydney from Captain Ward, giving Mr. J. R. Clayton's name as the secretary of the New South Wales Cricket Association. The Secretary also informed the committee that he had written a letter to the secretary of the New South Wales Cricket Association, re- questing to know when they should meet, and whether it would be agreeable to the New South Wales Club to come to Melbourne to be present at the All England match, in which case arrangements might afterwards be made for carrying out the intercolonial match. There had not been sufficient time yet to re- ceive an answer to this. The committee then adjourned till Friday next. A case for the consideration of the new Commissioner of Mines is supplied in the following from yesterday's Mount Alexander Mail : — " It is worthy of note that none of the leases issued to defunct quartz mining companies, in this district, have, up to the present time, been declared forfeited. This is a most unsatisfactory state of things. The Wattle Gully Quartz Company, for instance, has not only been extinct for at least a year, but the property having been sold to a single individual, even the last vestige of the ma- chinery has been for months removed from the ground. Although, therefore, a number of puddlers are making wages from the alluvial soil in the claim, and a few miners are pros- pecting the abandoned reef, they are, strictly speaking, trespassers. Suppose the latter, after much expenditure of time and money, should discover a rich run of gold in the claim, the lessee, according to Mr. Humffray's decision in the case of the Ferron's Reef Company, by paying the arrears of rent, might oust the present occupants of the soil and take advantage of their enterprise. We are given to understand that non-payment of rent for mineral land does not necessarily entail loss on it on the lessee, and that though he should notoriously evade fulfilment of the covenants he has entered into, only the Governor in Council can cancel his rights. We believe that this excuse has been made by the Commis- sioner of Mines, when urged to throw open leased ground long after it has ceased to be worked by those to whom it was granted. But if no one but the Governor in Council can in such cases effectually interpose for the good of the mining community, why has he not been applied to ? Where so simple a remedy exists for an evident evil, the cure should have been applied, and it is difficult to acquit the Com- missioner of Mines of having failed in his duty. In fact, his neglect is altogether inexplicable, except on the supposition that it has been in- tentional. " One of the public writes :— " Sir, — Whatever may be the errors of Mr. Brahe, and at present I am unwilling to use any harsher expression, it seems to me that the Exploration Committee is yet more responsible for the deaths of Burke, Wills, and Gray. It must be assumed that the committee believed in the probability of success, to the extent of reaching the Gulf of Carpen- taria ; otherwise they countenanced a risk of life for nothing, and, though of minor importance, a foolish expenditure of public money. Why then, did they not provide relief on their attain- ing the northern shore ? where was the neces- sity for compelling them to retrace their arduous journey ? A vessel might have been taken up at no great expense, to cruise for six months in the Gulf, and to give them supplies for their return, even if Burke and his com- panions declined the voyage. If it is replied, as I believe it has been, that it was impossible to foresee what part of the coast he might reach, the answer is obvious, that if provided with a few rockets, there would have been a certainty that a cruising vessel would in a few days have ascertained their locality. It must not be permitted that Brahe, whether blame- able or not, should be made a scape-goat for the yet greater sins of others. There is to be a solemn inquiry ; let it be extended, as in justice it ought to be, beyond the question whether Brahe should have remained another week or two at Cooper's Creek, or the public will not be satisfied ; and I write as ONE OF THEM, 14th Nov. " The Geelong Corporation has reduced the salary of the Mayor from L300 to L200 a year. The salaries of its officers for the year are as follows : — Town clerk, L350 ; town treasurer, L300 ; town surveyor, L250 ; two rate col- lectors, each L200 ; town inspector, L175 ; Corporation messenger, with quarters, fuel, and light, L120 ; market inspector, L120. The Ballaarat Star has been informed, " that in consequence of the present low price of hay, some of the farmers have suggested that they should hold a meeting, for the purpose of agreeing to burn a quantity of it, with the view of enhancing the value of the remaining portion. The market on Thursday was over- stocked by several loads, which were offered for sale at any price, and yet failed to meet with purchasers. " Not a very good look out for the farmers. But could not this have re- turned to some better use than burning it ? The golden pyramid at the Exhibition still continues to attract a large number of visitors. It is certainly a great feature, as representing without exaggeration a reality. The gold case in the centre of the building is another object worthy of attention, containing as it does a variety of beautiful specimens of gold from the various goldfields throughout the colony. Messrs. Evans and Somerton, the pro- prietors of the Maryborough and Dunolly Advertiser have furnished a copy of their journal, beautifully printed on satin, and bound in red morocco. It is most creditably got up, and will serve to show the people at home the class of newspapers which exist on our goldfields. Mr. Frank Fordham, of Emerald Hill, by way of showing local manufactures, and adding to the good things already on view, has furnished a supply of colonial made jams which are got up in English style, and are no doubt equally good. To those who have not yet visited the Exhibition now is the best time, as it is not likely that anything further will be added. Mr. Far- quharson and Miss Gordon give a concert each afternoon and evening. Mr. Dickson had two meetings at North Melbourne last evening. The first was at the Black Prince, Curzon street, Mr. Councillor Marris in the chair. At this meeting, Mr. T. F. Gell stated his reasons for retiring, and moved that Mr. Dickson was a fit and proper person to represent North Melbourne. Mr. Quinlan seconded the motion, and it was car- ried unanimously. There were about four- hundred persons present. The second meeting was at the Stratford Arms, Farraday street, at which Mr. W. H. Harper took the chair when Mr. Mill proposed, and Mr. Walpole seconded, the usual motion of confidence in Mr. Dickson. This was met by an amendment from Mr. R. Miller, seconded by Mr. Thomp- son, to the effect, that Mr. Dickson was not a fit and proper person, which was put to the meeting and negatived. The motion of confi- dence was then put and carried by an over- whelming majority. Of the brewing interest, yesterday's Mount Alexander Mail furnishes us with the following somewhat flattering account : — " This large and important interest bears up well against the depression of the times ; and one evidence of its prosperity is, that while other traders are contracting rather than enlarging their business operations, the brewers everywhere seem to be increasing their manufacturing re- sources. We observe that Bell and Holmes, of the Belle Vue, Fryer's Creek, who lately built a large and substantial stone structure for brewing ale, etc., have already been com- pelled to add largely to their premises and plant. The brewery is now one of the most extensive and substantial in the whole district, and will compare favourably with any other brewery on the goldfields. " The report of the Christ Church Festival, Castlemaine, which appeared in our columns yesterday, was from the Castlemaine Advertiser, and it was only by sheer inadvertence that it was not acknowledged as such. The following is an abstract of Births and Deaths registered in the Metropolitan and Suburban Registration distrusts during the week ending 9th November, 1861 : — .........District....................Births.....Deaths. .....Boroondara.....................4............ 0 .....Brighton.........................3.............1 .....Brunswick......................6.............0 .....Collingwood..................34.............7 .....Flemington.....................4.............0 .....Kew................................3.............1 .....Melbourne....................41............11 .....Prahran..........................2.............0 .....Richmond.....................10.............1 .....Sandridge and Emerald ..........Hill...........................5.............5 .....South Yarra....................5.............1 .....St. Kilda.........................6.............1 .....Williamstown.................3.............2 ..............Total..................126...........30 The districts are all reported healthy, and the mortality is remarkably low. Yesterday's Ballaarat Star has the follow- ing on the state and prospects of the crops in that district : — " The wheat and oat crops this season will not be equal to those of the past year, judging from present appearances. Both are remarkably short, and in some places quite thin, particularly in low-lying situations, where the soil is cold and damp. Oats have not been so extensively sown as formerly, principally in consequence of the low prices which they fetched during the two preceding years. Wheat, on the contrary, has been extensively sown, and promises to be a drug in the market next season. The cultivation of potatoes in the vicinity of Dowling Forest appears to be limited, but in the parish of Ascot and there- about, they have been more extensively planted. " His Excellency the Governor and Lady Barkly will honour the fete at St. Kilda to- day with their presence. The committee have spared no means to make it as attractive as possible. In addition to the Flower Show, there will be an abundance of amusements provided for all classes. For particulars, see advertisement. The following are amongst the less common plants at present in flower at the Botanic Gardens :— The handsome berberis aristota, from Nepal, with drooping bunches of yellow blossoms, on which the same degree of irrita- bility and spontaneous motion of the filaments can be noticed as on the British berberry. Further in flower, are Itea Virginica, a fine bush, from the United States ; Bouvardia triphylla, from Mexico ; Calitoma serratifolis, Backhousia myrtifolia, and ceratopetalum gum- miferum, all ornamental shrubs, from New South Wales. Some of the so-called bottle- brushes, species of callistemon, are now of splendid appearance whilst adorned with their scarlet filamentous flowers. The red passion flower (tarsonia), in blossom at the aviary, contributes to the shade of the bower, from whence visitors may watch the birds and listen to their song. The Gravities, robusta, of which a few years ago many young trees were planted along the garden walks, is just unfolding again its clusters of orange-coloured blossoms in the lower part of the garden. A New Zealand lily, arthropodium cirratum, reminding somewhat of the British lily of the valley, is flourishing in the conservatory. The Chilian guava, Eugonia ugui, which has recently been much recommended for cultivation in Europe, pro- mises this season the first crop of fruit. A growing specimen of the nardoo, or cloverfern (Marsilea quadrifolia v. hirsuta), which plant our unfortunate explorers so frequently re- curred to during the tragical period of their expedition, is placed, conspicuously named, in the palm house, and will this day be exhibited at the St. Kilda flower show. It is remark- able that although the marsilea is so widely distributed over the globe, and especially over the Eastern hemisphere, advancing north- ward to middle Europe, the use of this ap- parently insignificant plant should have been first revealed to us by native inhabitants of the Australian desert. The legal proceedings consequent on the in- solvency of Mr. Robert Ross, at the latter end of 1856, were at length, we suppose, brought to a close yesterday, by the verdict in the case of Howitt and another v. Ross and another, which had excited some interest, especially amongst members of the legal profession. The action was brought by Dr. Howitt and the Rev. Irving Hetherington, executors of the late Mr. James Mitchell, to re- cover damages from Messrs. Ross and Clarke, the well-known solicitors, for having invested money deposited with them by Mr. Mitchell on insufficient security. The most material piece of evidence, a promissory note with the memorandum of an agreement to mort- gage endorsed upon it, was not forthcoming ; and as the case was sent to the jury, they could scarcely do otherwise than find a verdict for the defendants. The case was instructive, as showing the folly of testators oppointing as their executors persons unqualified by their peculiar walk in life for the office. The Geelong Advertiser was favoured on Wednesday last by Mr. Barnett with the in- spection of a small sample of gold which had been found by Mr. Felix Levien, at Melville's quarry, about four hundred yards down the Barwon from Levien's bridge, at about twelve feet below the surface. The gold is fine, but of a nuggetty character. Further prospecting is to take place in the vicinity of the find to see if it may prove payable. The crops generally in the Beechworth dis- trict are coming on well, but will not be par- ticularly heavy. Some few of the farmers complain of blight, but it does not seem at all general. A good deal of the wheat will be cut for hay. The lawyers would appear to revenge them- selves for the falling-off in their business by making the most of what they have. Formerly, when a couple of hundred cases were set down for trial, half-a-dozen were disposed of in a day ; now, when forty are set down, it takes nearly six days to dispose of one. Two or three days seem to be the average duration of a trial, a circumstance not perhaps favourable to the promotion of the ends of justice ; for on the last day an exhausted jury is very likely to be oblivious of what transpired on the first. There may be wisdom in a mul- titude of counsellors ; but the effect of a cloud of witnesses may be hopeless confusion. Generally speaking, he who has " first say " is supposed to have an advantage. In a trial it is different, especially if it last three days ; for then he who tells his story last may be presumed to be the fortunate individual, so that a larger proportion of verdicts for the defendant may be looked for in future. Yesterday's Bendigo Advertiser speaks of a party working the old ground at the corner of Mitchell street and Pike's Bridge, having got nine ounces of gold the other day in a small patch, as an evidence of Old Bendigo not being worked out yet. It would be a pity if it were. But we are getting weekly more conclu- sive proofs of the fact than this. The Criminal Sessions for the present month commenced yesterday in the Old Court before Mr. Justice Williams. Amongst the cases tried was that of Patrick Fitzsimmons, who was charged with attempting to personate and giving a false answer to the deputy returning- officer at Carlton, on the occasion of the last election for North Melbourne. The false answer consisted in his stating that he was Thomas Motley, whom he sought to personate. The jury found the prisoner guilty of the latter charge, and he was sentenced to five months' imprisonment. Three boys were also put on trial for breaking into the shop of Mr. Franz, tobacconist, Bourke street. Their ages ranged from about five to eleven years. One of them pleaded guilty. The youngest was found guilty of housebreaking, and the other of receiving stolen property. They were sentenced to different periods of imprisonment, and ordered to be whipped. Another boy, about ten years of ago, pleaded guilty to stealing a quantity of lead from the Western Market, and was sentenced to two months' imprisonment, and ordered to be flogged three times. He had previously under gone three periods of imprisonment for lar- cenies. Mr. Roberts, of Moorabool street, Geelong, has just issued two paper photographs of the late lamented explorers, Burke and Wills. They are of small size, but the likenesses are said to be excellent. The number of tickets sold at the Exhibi- tion yesterday was one thousand and forty- four, and the number of persons admitted on season tickets one hundred and eighty. So we understand the memoranda at all events with which we have been supplied. And the number of visitors in that case would be one thousand two hundred and twenty-four. William Stanford, the convict arrested by Detective Eason two or three days since, was again brought before the City Court yesterday, charged with stealing a horse, the property of Mr. Lubi, of Yarradale station. After his escape from Pentridge, Stanford went away to this station, where he remained for the night. On the following morning he left, taking with him the horse upon which he was found when cleverly arrested by Eason. He now stands committed on this charge, and will probably receive a few more years in addition to his already long sentence of twenty-nine years, which he has received at different times for sheep stealing and robbery in company. He is quite a young man, being only about twenty-five years of age. The Richmond Cricket Club play two matches to-day — the first eleven on their own ground against the Coast Club, and the second eleven against the Abbotsford. The following is a list of the players : — First Eleven : Boak, Brodie, Don (Sir William), Elliott, Hope, Hopkinson, Huddleston T. Kidson, Mortimer, Orr, Ryan. Second Eleven : Ainslie, Binney, Bond, G. Cosstick, Gillow, Harrison, Higgs, Glen, Nicholls, Russell, Shoosmith, Smyth, Runnegar, Shiels. Messrs. Poussard and Douay, the well-known instrumentalists, are about visiting Tasmania. The sterling qualities of these gentlemen as disclosed in their successful career in this city will be certain to ensure them a favourable reception in the sister island. The Kyneton Observer says : — " It has been sufficiently proved that we can produce a very good article in this colony, " — that is, colonially distilled spirit,— " and that our farmers would annually secure a large sum of money that is now virtually lost to them, if colonial distilla- tion was legalised. " Where has it been so proved ? And by whom ? Would the South Australians think of sending their wheat home, as they are now doing, under the hope of three shillings and sixpence per bushel for it, if they could turn it into a good spirit with the ghost of a chance of profit ? A robbery was perpetrated on the premises of Mr. Thomas, of Huntly, on Saturday last. The property taken was a watch, some rings, and other such like articles. But on Mr. Thomas's wife going outside, on Thursday, she found all the jewellery tastefully arranged on the top of the fence. Verily, says the recorder of the foregoing, the rogues of Huntly must be honest rogues. A lad named Francis O'Neil was charged, at the Smythesdale Police Court, on Thursday last, with committing a rape on a girl named Frances Millar, about twelve years of age. The case was remanded until next day. The first eleven of the Essendon and Flemington Cricket Club play on their own ground to-day against an eleven of the Royal Park Cricket Club. At the East Melbourne v. Melbourne match, to be played to-day, the following will be the East Melbourne team : — Conway, Tait M'Pherson, Cameron, O'Mullane, Smith, Peryman, Phillips, Barras, Wilkie, Blanchard. The second eleven will play the Grammar- school Club on the East Melbourne ground, when the local team will be from Hedley, Best, Campbell, Plummer, Ollis, Langlands, Parsons, Oldham, Murray, M'Kenzie, Carson, Dalzell, and Gowan. James O'Connor, charged with feloniously receiving L1580, the proceeds of the robbery at the Union Bank by the clerk, Arthur Swete, already committed on his own con- fession, was again brought up, on remand, at the City Court, yesterday. All the witnesses were in attendance, but in consequence of counsel being absent, the case was further re- manded until Tuesday. Dr. Youl hold an inquest yesterday at Hotham, on the body of Mary Stewart, who died on the previous day from fatty degenera- tion of the heart. Deceased was a married woman, and forty-five years of age. The jury returned a verdict in accordance with the medical evidence. At the East Collingwood Police Court, yes- terday, the two men, William Cook and Wil- liam Jones, were each sentenced to twenty-two months' imprisonment on several charges of stealing fowls. Messrs. Greenwood, Cope, and Mayne, were the presiding magistrates. Messrs. Spiers and Pond made arrangements yesterday, for the erection of a grand stand on the Melbourne Cricket Ground, for the pur- pose of accommodating visitors at the forth- coming match between the All England Eleven and twenty-two of Victoria. The stand will be 700 feet long, and capable of holding 5000 persons. The following selection of music will be per- formed by Mr. Johnson's band, at the Botanical Gardens, this day : — Overture......................................Leibrock. Selection — " Nachtlager in Gra- nada "..........................................Kreutzer. Waltz — " Alexander Romanoff "....Laurent. Grand March, from " Der Faun- hauser ".......................................Wagner. Selection — " I Montecchi e Capu- letti "...........................................Bellini. Polka — " Zerlina "........................Ettling. ==================================== 