GUTCITRN BAY. {From our owu OorrosoonHcnt 1 Bobc. FAbms By .the. Ant last week were received thirteen 1 more rifles for the volunteer company here, and as 1 the. busy, season, will soon be over they could not; have arrived at a better time, as those to whom they are. issued will have much more leisure to devote to the.necessary drilL Subscription-lists foe the National Bifle Asso ciation, have also been received, and no doubt many of. our volunteers and other residents in the district will become members; but I do not think it likely that, many will go from here to Adelaide to contend for the prizes when the matches take place. The general opinion appears to be that as the expense of a trip to town would be great, it would.be throwing rather a large sprat to catch a mackerel not many sizes bigger, for which same mackerel most probably a hundred or two others woul Abe-fishing. or rather shooting. However, as it is intended to open subscription-lists for local matches, an opportunity will be afforded to volun teers and others of trying their skill: and judging from,a little practice which has already taken place down here, I think that any prize that may be offered will be well contested for, and that the shooting will compare favourably with that in most of the matches which have as yet taken place in South Australia. Ameeting was held at the Criterion Hotel on Monday, evening, to afford an opportunity to Mr. Shires of testing the efficacy of an antidote which he has prepared for ouring snake-bites, and which is also.stated to be equally useful as an antidote to various kinds of poison, strychnine included. The room was very full. Mr. O'Keefe, the Clerk of the Court, was requested to sit on the platform to see that the experiments were conducted fairly. Mr. Shires commenced by taking out two small snakes (the one a tiger and the otner a diamond snake), which.he handled as carelessly as if they were two pieces of rope. Having played with them for a short time on the table lie then slung them across his nose, finally placing them inside his flannel shirt. It was enough to make any one's blood run cold to see this man place reptiles (a bite from which has hitherto been considered so dangerous, and. which has in many cases resulted in death) in a position where the wannth of his body was cal culated to rouse them into full activity. It is thus plain that whatever opinion the public may have of the antidote Mr. shire's faith in it is unbounded. He. next introduced a large tiger snake, which could not have measured less than five feet. After showing it to the company he placed it in a box, as 1 he did not intend to let it kite that evening, bis business lying with the smaller fry. A dog was i then introduced, and the small tiger snake allowed to bite him on the nose, and, as those present ex pressed a wish that the antidote should not be applied his fate was sealed. A cock and hen were next placed on the table, and the same snake allowed to apply his fangs to both, the cock being bitten first. The company wished the antidote used in the case of the latter—thus affording him a chance of again crowing on his own dunghill The hen, in 25 minutes' time, not showing any signs of giving up the ghost, and Mr. O'ixeefie stating that he did not consider that the snake had hitten her fairly, a wish was at once expressed that the snake should be again applied, which was i done. In seven or eight minutes she began to ! show evident signs of the poison, and in 15 mi nutes died, the cock at this time looking quite lively. The dog, who had been dozing away at the back of the platform not much noticed, now attracted attention. He showed evident signs of being in pain. I perhaps cannot better express his state than by using the words of a song (with a slight alteration) composed by a gentleman in the district:— "His hind leg3 stiffened out, and he flung himself about, Turning up his eyes as though for to say, ' That snake from off the hummock is a cramping of my stomach— Its a settler for your old dog Tray.*" It being now about 10 o'clock the meeting sepa rated, the dog and the cock being locked up under the charge of Mr. Jenkins, the landlord of the hotel, and on enquiry next morning I found that the dog died about two hours from the time lie was bitten, and that the cock was all alive and kicking. Tiie experiments were, therefore, satis factory. I may state that Mr. Sliires showed a place on his nose where he had been bitten on the previous Friday by the same snake with which the experiments were made, and that the application of the antidote saved him from feeling the effects of the bite. Mr. Jenkins also said that he saw the antidote made in his own bouse; that it was com posed entirely of herbs; and that he immediately put it in a bottle and sealed it. The seal was not broken until the antidote was required to apply to the wounds made that evening; neither had the bottle been out of his possession. It is intended, I believe, to form a Committee, under whose direc tion still more satisfactory trials may be made. 