TOWN" TAT.TT Mr. Higinbotham bos retired from tbo con test for Maryborough. Tho trial of Patrick Costello and others, which was to have been called on to-day at Dauaarat, lias been postponed until Monday. The counsol for tho defence wero not to leave town until to-day. The second of the series ot ward meetings, under the auspices of tho Municipal Reform Association, was held last evening at tho Trades' .Hall, in Smith "Ward. Mr. J. Sin clair in the ehair. A sorie3 of resolutions having reference to a thorough reform of tho Corporation wero put to tho meeting and carried unanimously. Councillor Storey stated that a reform bill had been prepared by tho Town Council, which provided, amongst other matters, for vote by ballot, and tbat the alder men should only bo elected fo three years The various speakers entered nt seme length upon the present abuses in tho Council, and pointed out tho most effectual way of remedy ing them. Tho second day of tho Jockey Club Spring Meeting was 09 successful as the'previous ono The attendance, although not so large as on Tliursduy, was still very numerous j and what with tho fine weather and the attractive pro gramme presented, tho day was passed mos' agreeably. Without enumerating the several events, wo mny say that tlio racing in mos. casos was extremely good,' and much s'upcrio to that of tho previons day. The programme of to-day's racing includes five events. For the Subscription Boom Plato only three horses havo accepted out of the seven entered. Bolero is tho favourite at ovons against tlio field. For tho Derby, Mr. Wat son's filly Pulcstine, after carrying off tbo Oaks Stakes yesterday, lias been made first favourite, and was backed last night at 7 to 4. Fircaway has been scratched for this day. The old grey mare Modesty stands at tho top of tho bolting for tho Stcepleohaso at 7 to 4. Donovan Brown was also backed at -1 to 1. There was much disappointment, and some indignation, it seems, at tbo Chief Secretary's non appearance at Baliaarat and Learmontli on Thursday. In reference to this, yesterday's Baliaarat Star says " Mr. Heales, who was expected to visit Baliaarat and learmontli on Thursday, did not arrive, and great was tho indignation of thoso persons who had made preparations for hiB reception. At an early hour in tho morning, Mr. Morton, J.P. ; Mr. Lnidlaw, tho chairman of tho Boad Board ; with the Bov. Mr. Downs, and a two- liorso vehicle, arrived in Bollaorat from Learmontli, for tho purpose of escorting tho Chief Secretary into the agricultural district; but their mortification may be imagined on litering that he had not arrived, especially as a dinner had been prepared for him at tho Stag hotel, and some of the people at Lcarmonth had been to some trouble and expense in providing for his ro- caption. Some members of the deputation learned that a telegram had been received from tho lion, gentleman intimating that ho could not lenvo Molbourncpnnd ono of the number was despatched to Learmontli to acquaint the persons there with tho circumstance. Various conjectures wero afloat as to tho causo of the Chief Secretary breaking his promise, and among the rest it was said that some person had telegraphed to him tlio result of tho meeting called at Learmontli on Tuesday evening by tho Boad Board, to consider tho propriety of giving Mr. HealcB a proper reception." Othor conjectures were hazarded, but are not worth repeating. Moreover, if it was one of Mr. Heales's objects to bq present et tho Soirco in tlio Mechanics' in tlio evening, ho had no groat lose. Sonio spouting from Punch on M.P.'s and tho need of restraining their loquacity waB tlio most noticeable feature in it. Not only was tho Chief Secretary absent, hut also tho Attorney-General and the Commissioner of Mines. A collection of rare engravings is itself a rarity in this part of the world. Wo have had an opportunity of inspecting snail a collcctio i made by Mr. Bennett, of Bourke street easts during a lata visit to England. There are amongst them a few which, it strikeB lis, would fetch a' round price at a sale in Sotheby's or Puttiok mid Simpson's rooms. Artists, con noisseurs, and collectors of curiosities in the graving nrt will find it worth their wi:il i to e :11 and look over Mr. Bennett's portfolios. At the District Court, yesterday, Mr. Wal ters, a grocer in Swanston streot, Mr. George Miltio and Mr. Jolm Graham, grocers in Muilc- lino street, wero fined in tho full penalty oi L30, with costs, for selling spirits without being duly registered. Tlio Industrial Exhibition was well attended 0 yesterday. Ono of tho principal objects of 1 attraction was tlio. cako of amalgamated gold |f weighing 1015 ounces, and obtained from K Lindsay's claim on the Johnson's Beef. ltd, 1 splondid lump of gold is altogether unprotected | by ease or cover, but there is no fear of its I being stolen as it can only with difficulty bo lifted. There nro a few other nrticlcs recently sont in for exhibition, including somo plio'--.- graphic views of tho principal buildings ac Bnlinarat and Casllemaino. Tlio number of tiokets sold yesterday was 780. This after noon nnd evening a grand instrumental con- c irt will bo given, jn whieli MM. Poussnrd and Douay will perform. Some days back, wo took tho liberty of doubting whether much good had resulted from tho lato expenditure of tho Government grant of tho session before lost for a supply 0f I water to tho goldfields. Tho following, from I yesterday's ill. A. Mail, may be taken as sup. I plementary to tlio romarks upon which w. tlion venturodi — " So far as any practical benofit conferred by tliom on the minors or I general community is concerned, never was money more recklessly squandered than in tlio Government reservoirs of tho Fryer's Creek I district. Up to tho present time tlioy havo I actually dono more harm than good. The ground which they uselessly occupy would, if not tabeocd to the diggers, nt least have afforded n fow persons tlio moans of mainte nance. Within the last week or ten days, tho whole of tho immenso volume of water stored up iu tho Spring Gully basin lias boon suffered for tho third time to run to waste. As the wcathor is now settled, thero is n probability that tlio rainfall during the rest of -the season will not bo nearly sufficient to replace the supply that has been lot out. Various reasons are assigned for an act calculated to defeat tho very object for which tho resorvoir was con structed, viz., to savo during winter water that will bo available in summer. It is generally said, howevor, that tho contractors havo drained off tho contents to prevent any damaga that the pressure might occasion to tho embank ment. If this was tbo true motive, it was a curious ono, and docs not argue muoh confi dence in the stability of tlioir own works. Tho predictions made by Mr. Fyke, as to tho valuo of the resorvoir system, pro fast being realised." Tlio Apiarian Society will hold its next mooting in the Mechanics' Iustitutc, on Mon day evoning, at seven o'clock. As tho present is a season of activity among tho bee-keepers it is hoped that tho discussion will to one of mucii interest, and that as ninny members of tho society as can will attend. An advertise ment to that effect appears in another column. Tho first day's show of the Baliaarat Agri cultural Sicioty appears to havo been a great success. A report will ho found elsewhere, but wo havo been obliged to suppress the list of prizes. A commanding officer's parade of the Bnl. laarat Volunteer Bifle Bangers was to bo held yestor lay morning at ten o'clock, previous to proccodirgto meet HisEx iellonoy tlio Governor. Tho furtlior preparations for the reception of His Excellency ore thus noticed i-i yesterday's Baliaarat Star t — " To-day will he observed as a general holiday, in order to afford every body an opportunity of welcomirg Bis Excel, lenoy tho Governor to Baliaarat. Yesterday evening several of our storekeepers and pub- jicans wero busily occupied in ornamenting tho fronts of tlioir houses with green boughs, and tho demand for flags was greatly beyond tho supply. SI ould tlio weather p-ovo as fine as it promises to be, tliero w.'ll bo an immenso gathering both of spectators and of nctora in tlio arrangements to givo Sir Henry Borkly a hearty greeting. It lias been nrrnnged that a telegram shall bo dispatched from Orcswiok ns soon as His Excollonqy arrives there, on tho receipt of whioh tho various publio bodies will proceed to tho bIiow yards of tho Agricultural Society, where thoy will await His Excellency. Amongst others, tho Germans will muster and join tho procession, beniing tho flog of tlio Germanic Confedera tion. Tho Great Extended Company, Bedan, havo resolved to invito His Excellency and Lady Barkly to descend and inspect their mine. An invitation has boon prepared for formal presentation, accompanied by statistics of the claim since its first ocoupstion. Arrange ments havo also beon mado for tho Governor's and Lady Barkly's reception in tlio netlior regions belonging to tbqso lucky miners, but wo will not now foreBtal tho revelations to bo mado should the invitation bo accepted." Air. John Noonc, chairman of tlio munici pality of East Colliugwood, was yesterday sworn in a J ustico of tho Peace before Sir Bedmond Barry. Further eases of plouro-pnoumonia aro re ported by tlio Wangaratta correspondent of tbo Border Post. They nro as follows s — "Tho three beasts killed at Mr. Gray's station on Friday woro all diseased. Five mora wero killod yesterday at North Wangaratta by Mr. Win. Drovor. Tho disease is oitherspreading, or tlio lato weather, which lias made colds so prevalent among our population, has tended to mako tho disease show itself." Wo havo been favoured by the Secretary of tho Art Union, which, lor somo days past, has had its Exhibition, open in Collins streot, with a sight of two beautiful photographs, from pictures or drawings to bo distributed with others among tho prizeliolders at its general meeting on tho 31st inst. Tho first, and to Our minds, by far tho best, is a view of " Wild Dog Creek, near Capo Otway," and tho next, ; which is also one of muoh merit, " The settlers first meeting with Buckley." The Society is most anxious to secure a success this year, and is most dossrving of it. Its exhibition has, in nil probability, beon somowliat interfered with by the opening of the Industrial Exhibition at the snrno time. But it is liopod that none of the lovers of art will by that means be de terred from paying the Art Union Exhibition a visit, or from extending to tlio Society the full moasuro of their patronago. Tho escort took down 4-333 oz lOdwt of gol-1, and L.G034 in cash, from Castlemaine this week ; and 4608 oz of gold, and L.2102 in c&'.li, from Sandhurst. The Federal Standard of Thursday last says : — " The mania amongst telegraph and post-offico officials lias reached Chiltern. Mr. Pearee, tho Postmaster, was looked up lnit night — an allege 1 defaulter. The esse will l» oxa ned into at tho Police Court this morning." . Haymaking Has been commenced this week at Mr. Bagnell's farm, Dooker's plains, in the neighbourhood . of Wangaratta, Murray disj trict. The sheaving nt tho Peehelba station in tho j neighbourhood of Wangaratta, Murray dir- trict, will bo finished this week. Twenty -four ' thousand slieop will have been got through iu | q fortnight. Ohowton is how lighted with kerosene. In rcforenco to this, yesterday's AT- A. Mail says : — " 'Iho experiment of lighting the public streets by kcroscno lias now been fairly tried t Cbowton, and the result is perfectly satis factory. Tho only change that the manufac turer of the lamps lias found requisite is in tho substitution of tin for glass. The heated air confined in tho Bhados which protect tho lamps from the wind, etcetera, causes tho lattor, when made of (glass, to cipand considerably, and tho material being of unequal thickness, has, in somo instances, cracked. The illumi nating powor of tho street kerosene lampslis little, if at all, inferior to coal gas, whilo. tho flame burns with ovon more steadiness. On tho othor hand, they are more troublesome to light and keop in order than gas lamps. Where, however, gas cannot bo obtained there is no doubt that kerosono will form a very good substitute." Tho following is an abstract of Births and Deaths registered in the Metropolitan and Suburban Registration districts duriug tho week ending 12ih October, 1861 : — District. Births. Doatlis. Boroondara 3 ...... 2 Brighton 2 0 Brunswick 2 ; 1 CoUingwood 20 ,,.... .6 Flemington 2 0 Kew y . ' 2 ; , 0 ' Melbourno .' 62, 20 Braliran 3 ...... 2 Richmond ... '9 2 Sandridgo and Emerald")-- . , Hiu.?. ;.... u 4 South Yarra 1 0 St. Hilda "...... ; 5 .1 Williumstown 0 0 Total 112 . 47 ' Tho wholo of tho districts aro remarkably healthy, and the rate of mortality very low. Witli reference to tho apparent largo increase in tho death registrations in Melbourno as reported last week, tlio deputy-registrar ex plains that by clerical iuadrortencc the flguros that should have been placed in the birth column wore placod in tho death column. Tho Criminal SosBions for tho present month were brought to a conclusion yosteruay. The only case tried was one for pocket picking, "W. ' F. Riley for embezzling corporation moneys, and Duncan Walkor for fraudulent insolvency woro remanded on rcnowod bail till next ses sions. Tho Ocens Tribune furnishes us with tho following in. reference to Mr. "Weekos' candi dature for tho Murray in its issue of Thursday last : — " Our report of tho proceedings at tho Beoohwortb County Court on Monday, tells a little tale in connection with ' the recent eloction. Mr. Weekos was sued by a Mr! Burns for D19 Is for oxponscs incurred and ' shouts' drank in tho service of the former gentleman. It was urged that tho expenditure was altogether illegal, but on tho othor side it was contended thnt, despite tho illegality, the nobblers had tboen authorised by Mr. Weekos, and that ho ought to be made to como down' with tho ready" for tho same, as they were consumed entirely on his bohnlf. His Honour ruled that both tho candidate and his agent . had made thcmsolvcs 'liable to all sorts of penalties,' and at onco nonsuited tho claim ant." David McEarlano, a bailiff charged with embezzlement, was yesterday brought up at tho City Court on remand aud discharged, as tho matter had been satisfactorily arranged. ' The man Doherty, to whom we alluded yesterday, on the authority of tho Qeelong Advertiser, charged on suspicion. of murdering a woman at Apollo Bay in 1859, was placed in tho dook again next morning, and further remanded for eight days. "No additional evidenco was brought forward, but thoprisoner in making certain observations to tho Bench, allowed one or two admissions to fall from him which go far to confirm the suspicion that bo is the guilty man. For instance, ho is unable to say whoro ho was or what ho was "doing at the time tho murder was committed. Ho admitted too that ho was onco at Apollo Bay, hut never worked there for an hour. Ho merely went to look nt tho place hnd stopped there but ono day. Tho prisoner urgently roquestod the police magistrate to send for a prisoner named M'Mullon who is working, ho states, in tho Botanical Gardens. This man ho says knows all about the inurdor, and his evidonce will lend to his being immediately released from confinement. It is said that the supposed murderer was well known to two persons who uro living at Apollo Bay, and who will be brought forward at tho next cxamina- tion." The two clevons of tho East Molbourne and Collingwood clubs will moot to-day. Tho first elevens on the ground of tho former, when tho local team will bo Conway, "Tnit, M'Phersoh, Peryman, Phillips, "Wilkie, Eloming, [Old ham, Barrasa, and Blancbard. The second elevens will meet on tho Emerald Hill ground, when East Melbourne will bo. represented from Hedley, Murphy, King, Freonio, Plummor, Campbell, Gilbert, Ollis, Langlands, Best, Parsons, Carson, and Gomm. - Both matches commence at two p.m. sharp. Tho Yackindandiih committoe havo contri buted to tho Political Eund of tho Ovens district the sum of L40, besides a previous advance of L20 for defraying travelling and other exponses of its mombcrs to Melbourno, making a total of LGO from Yackandandah to the present dale. "Wo take the following from- tho Kgnelon Observer of Thursday last : — " Mr. Lavender, tho Commissioner of Crown Lands, has boon engaged during tho last two or threo days in forwarding applications for agricultural licen ses and reporting to tho Board of Land and Works upon tho situation and eligibility of tho applications sent in. Wo believe they number considerably over ore hundred, aad more than ten thousand acres havo boon applied for. On Eriday and Saturday - last Mr. Lavender isitod tho Barfoli plains, near tho Hon. W. H. F. Mitcholl's, and also nearly all tho Crown lands appli id for which aro situatod in tho parishes of Emberton, Rcdcsdalo, and Glon- hopc. A party of Ohinamen'it appears havo been imported to tho neighbourhood of Bar- fold, to 'work on tho old roof there, in order, if possible, to oreato a difficulty in tho way of having the fine agricultural land in that locality tnken.up under the occupation liccnso system.',' Tho annual criokot malo'i between tho mar ried and single members of tho Press Club will bo played to- day, on tho ground of tho elub. Wickets will ho pitchod at ono p.m. There is muoh activity, according to tho Qeelong Advertiser, in fishing just now nt Quoenscliff, chiefly for Snapper. On Tuesday last not fewer than ninoty-fivo boats were counted at anchor fishi ig closo to tho ripple or broken water, and many others woro similarly employed on the oastern bank. All scorned to have been successful, tho boats coming to tho jetty ono after tho other loaded with fish. Six cutlers are regularly employed plying between | Queonscliff and Melbourne pyith fish," and n two liorso Bpring cart runs up to Geclong nightly - to catch thfa five o'clock train for Melbourne. The QueerisclilT ' fishings givo re munerative employment to between four and fivo hundred men. Tho wretchod doggrel wliich is too often offered to tho public under tho titlo of an operatic libretto, and wliioh the admirers of tho lyrio drama are compelled to accept as tho vorbal interpretation of somo of tho finest musio that has emanated from human genius, is thus reforrcd to in a recent number of tho Aihentem u: — "Thcro lias been n rare critical performance of ' Much Ado about Nothing,' in Gormany, — on tho occasion of certain luto attempts made to give purity and common sense to tho German text of Mozart's operas. The podants havo accepted the bad language, put into theso works by incompetent translators, as part of their Mozart religion; and in the highest stylo of solemn nonsense have been donounciug those who dare proposo anythirg more grammatical and picturesquo than tho original perversion, as so many wicked people who lay lmnds on the ark. Such folly can only bo fitly doalt with by ridicule. It must bo obvious to every ono conversant with tlio Bubjcot, that to j frequently, when' words are to boadnptedto music, artificers have boon called in who, provi led a rhyme bo a rhyme, will, for the sako of the chime, despise reason nnd abandon . grace. Think of the original English vorsion of ' Tho Creation,' wliioh even now lias to bo fought with by English singers 1 — " On mighty pens," for example. Think of a more recent and professodly amended vorsion of ' Tlio Seasons,' 111 which on adagio concludes with tho following , euphonious lino : — Shrinks bensath tho scorching touch ! — Think of tho British translation of 1 La Sonnambula' ! — think of the wonders wrought by tho late Mr. Bunn, doing his own poetry, and upsetting all manner of French opera-books, into pantomime English ! When, / the other day, Gluck's Orpheo' was revived at Paris, somo of tho most nbsurd platitudes of tho text by M. Molen'cs, translated from tho original'Italian of Calzabigi, were amended, to tho great aid and cherishing of tho siugors, but Gluck's Ghost lias not walked, to striko terror into those who dared tlio deed. One word more; tho angry people who denounce ovory idea of rectification ovorlook the simplest of truths — that tho originally impure text is not destroyed by tho amended one. Those who will drink muddy in place of clear water I may still do so nt their preference. What has boon said formerly,' in regard to the musio of Bach, wliothcr glossod by Mendelssohn, by Horron Moliquo;and,Hoscholos,or M. Gounod, applies to this case yet more strongly, — that which is original, thanks to print, remains. No ono need sing any nmonded words, who prefers tho original vulgarities. Tho last re main, as remains also tlio great music." Tho Bendigo Advertiser has been infoimod that tho amalgam .from tho three tons. of quartz taken from Lindsay nnd Company's cluim on tho. Johnson's Reef weighod only 1814 ounces, and retorted 1015 ounces. Tho cricket match between the Molbourne nnd Richmond first and second elevens will bo played out to-day. On tho conclusion of tho second eleven match at Richmond, tho M. 0. 0. second elevon will play a match on that ground, against the Williamstown olub. The match arranged betweon the Emerald Hill and Rich mond clubs will not come off, in conscqucuco of the " Hillitcs " not being prepared. A now 'method of lighting the etago of theatres, dovised by M. Lissagons, for tho Now Opera Houso in Paris, is described in tho Builder, from which wo poprint tho following; — " The gas-burnors in a row are placed 80 cen timetres below the stage, where they are com" pletely enclosed. . The luminous rayB are gathered by opposed reflectors of curved form in section, and projected to tho scene through a conveniently inclined slit or opening in that part of tho contrivance which is neoessarily above tho stage, cxtonding the length of tlio 'ramp,' as of the row of lights below, nnd wliioh opening is glazed with ground glass. Tho eyes of tho actors aro not dazzlod ; andi sitting in the pit, we can say thcro is a very decided gain for tlio spectators. Some of tlio principal singers were nt first not pleased with tlio ohnngo ; but such objections, we beliove, may disappear when it iB dis covered thnt Bound will now more readily than boforo reach tho audience. It remains to be explained that the produets of combustion bsing . passed by tbo several chimneys of tho burners into tho long horizontally pluced light reflecting rocipiouti pass from that by transverse ducts (of terra cotta) into a pipe or cliannol placed pnrallol to tho former, and connected at each end, that is each side of tho house, with a pipe placed perpendicularly and onding above tlio roof. There may bo a question as to tho quantity of light, as at present arranged; but in tho diffusion of the light, as well as thoso respects which aro obvious, tho system is a great im provement on tbo old one. There is so little danger to persons on tho stage, that wo are told a cambrio handkerchief can bo dropped on tho 'ramp' without being ignited." Auber's Bpark'.ing opora of " Era Diavolo" is announced to bo presented this evoning at the Theatre Royal, with Mdlle. Rosalie Durand in the part of Zerlina, it being this lady's first appearance in Melbourno since her recovery from swore illness. The opera is deservedly an immonse favourite, and from what wo remcm bcr of Mile. Durand's debut wo are disposed to augur favourably of tho performance. Mr. E. Lystor sustains the character of Lord AUeosh, and Mr. Earquharson that of Boppo. The romantic horo of tho opera will be impersonated by Mr. Squires. , The Wray Family gavo a concert nt Brighton ' 011 Wednesday, and were oomplctoly successful. As this was the first" time this most interesting family have been boforo the public since Mr. "Wrny's doath, wo wore anxious to see how thoy would Buccccd without his guidance. That thoy did so to admiration, tho general satisfaction displayed by- the audience through out the evoning, afforded abundant testimony"; and, it was, indeed, a touching sight, that band of seven children, still dressed' in mourning for their futhcr, performing their several parts so gracefully under the guidance of tlio eldest — herself, only a child. It was a silent appeal to tho sympathies of tho public that must linvo been almost irresistible, and wo aro sure they carried homo with thorn the good wishes of all who heard them. The programmo consisted almost entirely of vocal music, tho only instrumental pioco being a duet from " Don Pasqualc " on the violin and piano by Miss "Wray and hor brotlie--, which being encored olicitod a solo on tho violin from Muster Wray. Tho boy's execution was really wonderful, and wo only liopo bo will havo tho good sense to oultivato so groat a gift by constant practice, which ho will liavo to do if ho wish to retain his celcb.-itv, whon the 1 prestige of his , youth will linvo passed,' Whoro all is' good it is .difficult to par- ticidarise, though perhaps tho licst songs wero "Speak Gently," written , by the lato Mr. Wray and sung by ' Master Wray with much feeling; and " Beautiful Bells," which was cleverly sung by Miss Wray, nnd was. unanimously re-domanded. "Gentle Annie," like tho singer Miss Mary Wray, 1 is ever a favourite, though tho audience refrained from taxing tho little lady's powers too hardly by an oneorc. But it is in madrigals and part Bongs that tho Wrays most excel. " Tho "Village OhoriBtors," by Moschcles, was quite porfcct in its way, all tho children, down to a tiny Grisi of two years old, joining in the tra- la-la chorus. Tho piano was moBt ably ma naged by Mr. Coleman Jacobs. Wo must not omit to mention tho efficient assistance by tho Collingwood Orpheus Sooiety, a select num ber of whom had kirdly volunteered their services. Miss Mortloy's song of " Merry is tho green wood," was a gom ; nnd Mr. Beaumont's "Riflemen, form," which wns tlio piece do resistance of the evening, tho concert being under the patronage of Captain Mair and volunteers, called down a storm of ap plause. Wo understand tlio Wrays aro about giving a concert on Monday, at Williamstown, and subsequently at tho Exhibition Building, nnd wo would strongly urge all lovers of musio to patroniso this most deserving family, Mr. Johnson's band will perform the follow ing selections in tlio Botanical Gavdcxs this afternoon, commencing at three o'clock : — Overture, " Norma" Bellini. Selection, from "Martha." Elotow, March, " Vivo Italia," first timo Jocabi. Quadrille, " Orph'eo aux Enfcrs ". Strauss. Potpourri .....Johnson Vnlse, from '-Binncn" .Laurent Galop, " Grasshopper" Scliaclit. 