ROME, T'o the JEditor of the Launceston Examiner. Sn,--Supposo some one should asseri that in the established Presbyterian Church of Scotland a curse is pronounced once every year agahlst Roman Catholics, authoritatively, solemnly, publicly, and I were asked-Is it so? I aiould at once reply-'"It is not so, and never vs aso; I stake lily veracity upot is ; the assertion is absolutely and oniqulifiedly lalse." The same thing Is asserted of the Rtoman Catholic Church, but all tile alower we c;ln get front the Hight Rtev. Bishop Wilson annmounts only to this "Of my own /kowlacedge there is no such sor vice ; I have never been present at it; I have never heard of such al curse being uttered ii any church either in Itolme or elsewhere; I do iot find it in my liturgy." The distinctitn betwixt the tvo cases is this-In the thirst, liy anaswr leaves no alternative ; either I or the person mikiug the assertion must ie stating what is untrue: in the last, iboth what the inlshop hals writton and what Mr. Fawns has said may be t-uo; there is tno incomlp tinility. I must there fore go to other sources in order to verify the statements of the latter gcntletant . For the benefit of your Popish eorrespondents I must premise that the " 'roteslnt't" is au ex. tant, authentic, andl a perfectly veracious work, originally published in a series of numbers ex tending over a period of about four years, from 1818 to 1822. Ilithin the first ten years after its publication no less than seven editions were called for. The copy now before me is it one vol. mediuml 8vo., double columns, p.p. 856, Blackie and Son, Glasgow, 1853. Tihe work is thus sliaracterised by the late Robert hIill, of Leicester, one of the greatest of modern English minds-"lThe Protestant,' " says lie, "a scries of periodical papers composed by Mr. William M'Gavlu, of Glasgow, contains the fullest de lineation of the Iopilsh system and the most powerful confutation of its prilciples, in a popu lar style, that we havescen. \\\lhoever wishes to see Popery drawn to the life Il its hideous wickedness and deformity, will find abundant atislfaction in the pages of that writer." "I :have before ume," aays the "Protestant," No. XXI., Dec. 5th, 1818, a list of about sixty emperors, kings, and princes, who have been ex communicated, deposcd, &o.;, by about forty dif. ferent popes (see Free Thoughts p. 51). VWhat tin inconceivible Ilmass of misiry mtust have Ihern oecasioned by this, and by the wars whicht ensued, to the millions of subjects, who were all less or more affected by the fate of their superiors I Why is it tllat the present Pope does not excomnmunicate and denounco the ICing of Great Britain and the Price Itegentt? It is oimply because hie kows it would not servo any protitable purpose; and that it ight lie attended with some inconvenicnce to himself it be were to denounce them by tamte. But if ever the time sohall conie when the sunjects of the Pope shall have the ascendency here, the ghostly father will feel little reluctance in serving Ihritish'princes as lie did their predecessors. And, in fact, they are exconnmunicated already, though not by name, but by their well known desigantion of heretics. This is done annually at lRome on holy Thursday as by the following account in lHurd's History, p. 217-" 'the next ceremony is that of excontl municating and giving over to the devil, all Pro testants throughout tihe world who at Rome, and among Rtoman Catholics, are known by tlhe nameo of heretic. Tihe Pope is then clothed in red and stands upon a high throne, the better to be seen by the people. The sub-deacons, who stand at the left hand of his Iloliness, read tihe bull, and in the meantime the candles are lighted aid each of them takes one in his hand. Wheti the excommutnicatiot is pronounced the Pope and Cardinals put out their candlies and throwr thetam nmong the crowd; after whicht the black cloth that covered the pulpit is taken away." - Dr. Hurd, as your renders are awsro, iwas some time Bishop of Litchfleld and Coventry, afterwards translated to the see of _ Worcester, also preceptor to the two eldest sons of George tie Third, a man of great leaning, high in the confidence of the Churcht and of the tnation, He died within the present century. It will to observed that the "ceremnony or ser vice" thus succinctly described hy Dr. Hurd is substantially the same as thait described by Mir. Fawns. =Another ting I request pilrticulnr attention to. It Inis first letter, 26th Sept., Dr. Willson details a very solemn and iinpressive service, in which there is no cursing; and this, Ihe would hIave us believe, is thle -dentical service of whielch Mr. Fawns, he says, has given a distorted and untrue account.t Dr. Willson concludes his description with these words-" And thus you have a plain and simple stateoent of iwhat takes plice in St. PI'eter's, atd i fact in eovery portion of the Latin Chuirch, at tlhat sacred time," Now the service described by Mr. Fawns, and by' hishop llHrd, in the above quotation, is performed only in Rome -so tllatt, on Dr. Willson's own stewing, they are difforent and distinct services: consequently, till that] has been said on this subject, in his first letter at any rate, goes for nothinotg. T:l'heRev. Dr. Wylie; of Edinburgh, in his book entitlied "' The Papacy," being the "Evangelical Alliaticefirst prize Essay on Popery," third tllou sand pIti; 558, A.I). 1852, in a noto on chap; VI., heiaded=" T'lie Canon law," says-" We subjoiin (ex Ballario Laertic Cherubini, Romwe, 168) tihe more remarkab le claises of the bull in bhina Domini, oannually published at ltome on IiMaundy Th'llursday, in order, as we are Infornmed in the ipreface, "'to exercise the spiritual sword of ecclesiastical discipline, and bwhole soni weapons of justice by the mtinisttlyof the supreme apostolate, to the glory of God anid salvao taon of souls." _1. "WV excomtnunicate and anatlhetatice, in tie name of God Almighty, Faller, Son, and Holy Ghost, and by the authority of the nblessed apostles Peter and Paul, and by our own, all Hussites, Wiclplhists, Lutherans, Zuinglians, Cal- vanists, Hugouots, Anabaptists, Trriltarians,e anid apostates from the Christian failh, a?id all other heretics, by whatsoever name ithey are called, arid f awhatsoever sect they be; as also thleir -clie rents, receivers, favoretrsiad generally=-nany defenders of thuoit; together with all who, without said= our nuillority, or tllat of the apostolic no, know. ingly rend, keep, print, or anywise for any cauee whalloover, pibllcly or privately, no any pretext or color, defend their books contlining hereey or ireating of religion ; an also sclismnlties, and Ihose who wllhdraw tlihemsIel've or recede olbtinateOly fritoll the oheditneo ofl' ut. or the lilholl of Romte for t Inh tlw leing;" ntd O oni. "'lThi- curse," says D)l. Wylie, "annualllyi! JptLro nounced olat Rome, includes the whole renollt of Irltlill, those few excepted who own the Jnrisdic tion of tile lomalln 80er ; all wo In this ?la d are cursed--so far nit the Pope c;ln-trehly closeld, in Ilis bull, published annuatlly ill presence of the Pope andt the Cardhinle, Our great crime is, that we obey not canoo latw. In violation of that law, we prilt, publish, and read l1books whIch contain heresy or treat of religion, and there fore we nre cursed. In violation of ennon law, we hold mnenabllle to the civil tribunal, tiall piersons, not excepting thl clergy if Rotme, anld tiherelore we are cursed iigailn. We Iposisess a1nd use, i i inol it few instances, lnlrds nill inheritlnces whlicl olnce belongedl t tile IHoiisih liiChurch i llritain, ntl which nhat church cliais as still IIlo)nging to lier, and Iterfort owe ire cursed al third time. We hihler Arelichbishops anll other prelates fromii i" exertigll their eeLlesilas tical Jljrisdictiotl iagaillst any persolns whalllt?oever," tecirdlilig to the canons, and especially thiose of Trclit, and to we are cursed a fourth time. All elitses, fro I tile Illone dowInwards, are ill llded in ill titot all the curse.s of tl his mtnillito'y roll." "VWere Lucifer to turn legislator," says Dr. Wylie, in concludling this chapter of his book, " nd indite a code of jiurisprludence for tlhe go verlnlielnt of manlkindill e would find the work done alroeady l i his lhaind ill the canln law. Sur veyinlg the labors of hik renowniied sreautit withl ii gritm conmplacenchy-sorely ouzzled what to alter, whlere to anullr tl, or how to enllirge with advalll tage-ttnwillilg to run ithe risk of doing worse whllt his plredecesscors Ihad done lhettefl-he wollld wisely fiorego all tholughts a of le;islttive land literary ftie, andi lie content to let well alione. Insltead of wasiting thile mlidnight oil over a new wook, lie would confille his labors to the more useful, it le?s Ilillmitious, task of writing a recom tlendanory prelhlre to the calnon law." Frlom the forgolilng it is plain tlhere is nchll S"ceremony or st lvice" its llt. Fawnlls describes all that the Blishopi has said, or call say, to the contrary nothwithstandieg. Little morie Ileed he added. I can never regret having come forward in defence ola valued friendl, shlatliefully ealutnilltedl. Still it is painful to be obliged to lhr,.i all aged anid venerablo mitnlister intlo the unseemly position nlow occupied by Dr. \illson--l position inu which, for unfounded stitatements tlado Iby him, the only excuse that canll lie oflered is iglloranlce or forgetfulness; and in which, for neeccustions rashly and most onwarrant naly t1oased upon those slatements, thlere is loOx ouse wllatever. A dignitary of the Chunrchl may not unoderstnl all knowledge, without tbeing greatly to blame for it. l1ut what shall wo say of otte whlo pre sumnes, on the strength of his ignorance, to apply epithlets to better informed men-undeserving of thetm- wlhich a gentleman t would unwillingly have recourse to, even if certain they -were tne rited. Dr. Willson is pleased to tell me that respct for hitmsell precludes hlis noticing other portlions of my letters having reference to him. It is not sotlrirling, perhlaps, that a manl who, without reason, casts imputations on0 the cabraeter of another, shoulld fancy it unnecessary for hitn to produce reasons In vundication of his own. Be it so. I have no desire to disturb Dr. Willson's self-conmpltcency. I um quite content to let youor renders judgel betwixt us-whllich s in the right, and whichl in the wrong. Many of Ithem may be at a loss to conjecture what it all means. Why this lheat and passion, and bluater on the part of Roman Catholhcs? I shall explain it to them in another letter-with your permisnioh. lheatwlhile, ITam, &c.;, S J. laIAcOutnser 