PARLIAMENT OI VICTORIA. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. Wednesday, 25tk Ski'tbmueii, 1861. The Acting Phesidext took the chair at five minutes past four o'clock, and opened the pro ceedings with the usual form of prayer. TUB OCCUPATION* LICENSES. Mr MITCHELL, in moving the motion stand ing in his name, referred to the assumption of office by the present Ministry in November last, and to the appearance of the notice of the issue of the first licenses in the Gazette of May last. On the 1 Ith of June a vote of want of confidence had been carried against the Government in the Assembly, and upon that a dissolution of the Assembly took place. Previous to that, however, nn nrldroQQ wnn nrnaonlnri Viv tVio A uonrnkltr **?» V»Io Excellency, in which occuired the following pus ,sage: — 'The public honor and public interest 't will remain under the control oi men, several of whose official acts have excited grave censure and suspicion, and who have claimed, under the existing law, new and alarming powers never contemplated by the Legislature.' This had been followed by an address from that House, which stated 'that the fees for the occupa tion of Crown lands for oUier than pastoral pur poses, notified in tho Government Gazette, of' tho 23rd May last, are illegal, so far as as regards the fee for residence and cultivation on the vgold ficlds.' So far as that went the two Houses were acting in concert with each other, but on the 26th of June his Excellency had replied to the Coun cil, declining to take action at the instance of only one branch of the Legislature. Now he drew the attention of tho House to the extraordinary discrepancy between that state ment, and ths fact of the presentation of the two addresses. The next that was heard o!' tho occupation licenses was when the Parliament was dissolved. His Excellency then stated that if the gold- fields licences worked well there was no reason why their application should not be ox tended. With the delivery of that address the Parliament had bsen dissolved, and theru was no time to challenge it. On the 3rd of September his Excellency, in his uddres3 to the new Par liament, was pleased to Btate that the issue oi' the licenEea had proved beneficial, and that they had been extended to agriculturists. He would not go into the legal question,. though he believed no six men, of ordinary intelligence, in the country would assert that the licenses were legal, but would come to the question of policy, which that House, representing a3 it did the colonists of Victoria, and not as tho other House did, the men who were rushing from it, was pe culiarly fitted to deal with. The fact wa?, that since the notification of the licenses the value of property in the colony had declined 50 per cent., and those who had sold at that reduction might consider themselves lucky, for now property was totally unsaleable. (Mr Cole : ' So it was be fore.') The action of the licenses he contended would be to unsettle, not to settle, tho people. Farming, it had been proved, could only be pro- ' fitably carried on by means of science, and the employment of capital ; but if people could go upon, virgin soil, and till the land until it was worn out, what was to become of the present landed proprietors r They could not hope, with tho expense of revivifying the soil, to compete with the men acting on the principle he had alluded to, and they would con sequently be driven out of the market. And who would the loss full upon r Why not upon the large but the small proprietor. It had been proved upon the model farm, that by sowing English grasses six sheep could be kept to the acre, andeveiybody would see that that would be much more profitable than letting the land, even at £1 per acre. The ' bloated aristocracy,' whom it was proposed to ruin would escape by this means, and would pocket more money than ever. ' Nor would the scheme affect those who were desirous of purchasing large quantities of land because large quantities must be sold, or the public works must be stopped. And who had gone upon the land under the licenses ? Not the miners, whose interest was to be consulted, but judges, barristers, lawyers, and lawyers' clerks — everybody, in fact, but the miners themselves. There were cases where men had gone upon the land adjacent to that which ' had cost the proprietor £40 per acre. True, they paid 14s per acre rent for it; but they never in tended to pay the rent for more thin six months. If it would be necessary to bring back the troops to turn them off tho land, as a Minister had stated, it was equally clear that the troops would be re quired to collect tho rents. After allu-iing to the evident attempt to deal with the lands without tho consent of that House, the hon. member concluded by stating that under the circumstances it was ob viously the duty of the Hous' to call upon his Excellency to pause in the mischievous course which he was sorry to have charged him with having taken. He then formally moved the motion of which he hud given notice as fol lows : — 'That an address be presented to the Go vernor, submitting to his Excellency the great in convenience and danger that will result from the issue of the proposed occupation licenses for a^ri-. cultural purposes, should they hereafter be held to be illegal, and praying his Excellency to exer cise his constitutional authority for restraining their is3ue till the question of their legality shall have been decided ; and that a committee be ap pointed to prepare such address, to consist oi seven members, and to be appointed by ballot.' Mr FAWKNER seconded the motion, and said that he had observed when the House was aoout to be dissolved that he was afraid his Excellency was committing a political mistake, and what would very likely turn out a political crime. This had proved to be the case, as the Ministry had by means of bribery assumed the authority of the Governor. He said bribery, and he read an ex tract from the democratic paper, the Ministerial organ, the Age 8tatin& that a sum for the payment of members would be placed upon the estimates, and who was it promised this? Why the very ? Ministers whom the Parliament had declared unfit to rule the colony, and who had only been, maintained in their position by the political crime which his Excellency had committed. Mr Brooke, one of these low class Ministers, who were quite unfit to rule the colony, and who had defied the Parliament, had paid that the people on Ballaarat were defying Parliament also. He . recollected a timo when Ballaarat was in rebel lion, and Sir Charles Hotham, a man who could govern the colony, put it down. The Ministers of that day, however, endea vored to re-establish law and order, but the present low class Ministry would in crease the thousand men illegally on the land at Ballaarat into twenty or sixty thousand. And if they could not enforce the law against a thousand men how could they against the larger number ? This low class Ministry had taken it upon themselves to supersede the Governor, supersede the Parliament, and issue the licenses upon their own authority. The whole proceeding was illegal, and in open defiance of the wishes ot Parliament. The Land Bill had originally contained a clause giving free selection before survey, and the Council would have thrown it out, but the Ab- l sembly did it before them, andyet this Ministry — these low class brutes — had set aside the decision of the Parliament, and allowed selection before survey. The Governor had allowed them the opportunity, and the Ministers hid obtained the suppoit of the members of the Assembly by pro mising them £300 per annum. As a corrollary to this the Council was to be sacrificed on the altar of democracy. 'Reform the House,' MrHeales had .said ; but hi? didnotknow the meaning of the wni Reform, and intended destruction. The Counci honyuvcr, would prove a stumbling block in tl ?way of the Ministers, and the people would su] port them. The only thing the Council \vi blamed for now was Riving way and allowing tl ? qunlification of the members of the Assembly I be abolished. If this low class Ministry were a lowed to carry out their measures, repudiation mu: follow The interest on the railway loan had 1 be 'net, and even supposing that twenty or thirt ?thousand people ecltlcd upon the land, an agreed to pay 2s 61 per acre annual rental, y- they would not. Why this low class Miniate: this Brooke — The AOTJNU- PRESIDENT called the hoi member to order and said he hoped the Hoas would not allow a minister of the Crown, to b -spoken of in tha* way. Mr FAWKNER continuing, said, that th Ministry out of their own mouths had said tin the men' would not pay the rent. They had sail that the military must be sent for, the volunteer called out, when only a thousand men were on th Boil, and improperly on ; and how could they ge the money, .when twenty times that number wer properly settled, supposing a Ministry shauld bi in office desirous of enforcing payment, what couh they do ? They could not sell the land for whi would buy .- when there might be some 4000 o: 6000 men banded together to prevent anything o the sort.. Ho reminded the Council that then wpi'o runny British Americans in the colony — anc alluded to the non-payment of the State tents ir that country. His own experience ^owed him that, not ihree men out of tenevenatprosentcoult rn»k-; p. 'living on the land, and if the coionio maikc-t worn overstocked with grain, there was no oYlu-r market to export it to ar. a profit, and the price -would come down to Is Odper bushel, as ii had on re before. TIte licenses were therefore ob jeotionahle in every way. In fact the Ministry who worn kept in office by the fiat of the Governor were doing their b:st to ruin the colony. True,th- debou ures had sold well in the English market but the news of these licenses and of the demo cr.itic policy of the Ministry had not reached England at the time. Manhood suffrage, was the great blot on the Cons' itution. He acknowledged with sorrow that he had given way to the cry foi it, but he hoped to bo able to retrace his steps. The hon. member, in conclusion, contended at some length that the present population undertbelicenst system would absorb the whole of the unsold agricultural land of the colony, and that no in ducement contecLuently would be offered to im migrantn ; that from the reasons stated by the mover the present landed proprietors would be ruined by the action of the licenses, and that the interest on the railway loan would not be met, On thesp-Erounrls he begged to second the motion. Mr COLE said lie should oppose the motion, which he regarded as not pnly impolitic, but also unfair, as the Ministry had gone to the country with certain pledges, amongst which waa that o( ' the occupation licenses. As the matter might require some elucidation, he thought that leading a few extracts from the debates on the second reading of the Constitution Act would refresh lion, members' minds. He would ask the hon. member who moved the motion, whether he could not put it in a different shape, as the Governor could not do M-hat the House now asked him. The Ministers had stited that if their measures could not be carried out, they xrould resign, and was the hon. member prepared lo find a Ministry to go on with the public business. (MrFawk ner : 'Yes; to-morrow.') The hon. member proceeded to say that when the second leading 61 the Constitution Act was being discussed, he understood from the then Colonial Secretary, and abo from the despatches of Sir J. Packington and the Duke of Newcastle, that if a civil list wifi granted to her Majesty, the Home Govern ment would hand over the control of the public lands to the Colonial Legislature.- (MrPawkner : ' But the Parliament is not the Ministry.') The words were 'the disposal of the funds arising from tbo sale of lands ;;- not the revenue, ' will be placed without reserve,'— he wished these words to be particularly marked— ' under the supervision mud control of the local Legislature.' The bill also contained another proviso, ' that nothing herein contained shall prevent, or be considered to prevent, the fulfilment of any promises which may have been mnde by the Government respect ing any land.' But there was a further proviso, that if the Legislature should deem it necessary to abridge or' abrogate any vested intjrest which might have arisen, they should have, power to do so. This proviso, which was quite pro phetic, , was introduced by the Surveyor General under those Orders in Council, which had b3en n nuisance to the colony ever sinco they had bsen enacted. The hon. member here read an extract, from a speech, of Mr O'Sh- inassy'g, and also a clause from the Orders in Council, whiuh h? said was the only one under which land could tn sold, but .. which was now said to ba illegal The G8rh clause of the Land Sales Act was similar, to.th.is. It was much to be regretted that occupation liconses were not issued instead of those Orders in Council, which Mr O'Shanassy had pointed out as having been obtained by a species of intrigue from the Home Government. He would next read an extraut from a speech of Mr Griffith, a gentleman who was not now in the country. [The extract was to the effect that to organise an electoral Hause without any power of dissolution would bs to place it in the power of thirteen individuals to set the opinions and wishes of the country at defiance.] That was the opinion of a gentleman and u lawyer, and one wlmh hn (Mr Cole) approved of. An hon. mem ber had spoken of the depreciation of property ; but hu'romembered when sheep were worth but Is 3d each. The hon. member next quoted a passage from a speech of Mr Pawkner, and observed that hon. : member had since changed his mind. (' No, no,' from Mr Fawk ner ) He next came to the question of the veto which it was proposed to confer upon the Go vernor. The then Attorney- General, the present learned Chief Justice, had' declined to give any two branches of the Parliament a veto over the third. (Ironical ' hear, hear,' from Mr Fawkner.) His (Mr Cole's) friend Mr Goodman, and it was a great pity that the squatters did not take some of. tho advice which he had given them, had expressed a hope that with the passing of the Constitution Act the squatting question would for ever pa$3 away, and that the land would be thrown open' to all, but that it would not be done unlawfully or ille gally, or by interfering ? with the rights of those holding freehold and leasehold property. Dr. Murphy also — he did not knew whether that gentleman was a squatter or not. (Mr Fawkner : 'Oh, yes, he is head over heels, and heels over head.') Mr FAWKNER rose to order. The hon. mem ber'a r.- marks had nothing to do with the ques tion. He, reading opinions that had been ex pressed ten years ago ? The ACTING PRESIDENT feared that the hon. member's quotations were not strictly ap plicable to the question before the House. Mr CUI.E was piepared to affirm the .legility of the occupation licenses, and thouuht it better to frame some plan of getting the people on the land, flad this been done before, the country would have double the population, and double the numbei jf sheep; but to keep the people off the land was the ocject ot opposing the licenses. A bill similar' to the homesteads bill lately i passed in America would have a good effect, but until Mich a measure was passed the question ?vu.uld never be settled. He could not understand ?what the hon. member who preced=d him meant by a perversion of tho law, but he considered it a perversion that tho people were not allowed to come up'.n the land. Hi- ltOLFE, though unfavorable to the issue of thu licenses without the sanclion of the Legisla ture, did not sympathise with the motion, as he did not see what practical good could result from it ; but he would be glad to see nut-h a measure introduced as would have foi its object the settle ment of the liind in such a way as would meet ail and every existing interest. (An hon. member: 'That is impossible.1') The present stato of . the liind question was most prejudicial to the best interests of the colony, and he would therefore tho more urgently call hon. members' attention to the necessity of some 'measure which would meet tho wants of the country. He would support any measure ?which would define or classify the lund, so that ?there should ho -no difficulty in derling with it. Hi? should like to see it divided into town lands^ spvuial lands, and lands for agricultural home steads, and the 40,0CO,OCO of acres of waste lands which would not be wanted for culti vation for ii lengthened period he would like to see left in the possession of tho squat- ens. The land f'jr agricultural homesteads he would not have occupied by uny but those who went on it with licenses and with 'd pre-emptive rights. Tho special, town, am' il, suburban lands he would like to see sold as at ie present, by auction. With regard to the pastoral -? iands he would wish to see them leased for short is periods, but he thought the Government should ie have power to resume possession of them in tho i.o event of their being required for cultivation or 1- settlement, and ho was sure the gen it tlemen connected with squatting would ;o | not object to -that arrangement. He had y I been told on the previous day on reliable authority, d thr.t Oaylesford, or,' as it was commonly known, 5t Ji'n Crow, was letting at 40s an acre, and at tho r, same time there was a large quantity of Govern ment land in the locality which the people could i- not get at. This otato of things should not bo c allowed to con'.inue. He wa3 not going to trouble '0 hon. members by speaking of South Australia, but he -wa3 informed on excellent authority that e in that colony wheat could be produced -t at 4s a bushel, and made to pay. Yet d labor was a? plentiful and as cheap in this a colony, (' No, no,' from Mr Fawkner), and e the colony was subject to the same excitement in t mining, though not in gold, but in copper ore. e Why then should not a measure emanate from a that II use which would enable the colony to 1 compete with South Australia, which had ex 3 ported 40,000 tons of produce during the present r year, and still had a largo quantity to send away, f a great portion of which would come to this co 3 lony. He would propose as an amendment, that 1 a select committee be appointed to consider and i report upon a measure tD be submitted Jay i the mover which will have for its object 1 the settlement of tho land on a fair and equitable I basis, and having regard to existing interests ; l that such committee consist of seven members, J with power to sit during the reco3S, nnd that the t members bo Messrs A'Beckett, Cole, Hope, ? Hiehett, J. Heuty, M'Crae, and the mover. , Mr a'BECKETT said that hon. members had \- been discussing the value of the licenses to the J country, instead of the legality or illegality, or , rather the danger of issuing such licenses, ? whilst that question remained undecided. I Now that was the question they had to consi : der, and to which he would direct his remarks. I Hn intended to vote against the motion, for his ' thouaht that if the House agreed to it they would . make a great mistake. At present their proceed i ings were being watched very narrowly by those \- disposed to cavil at them ; and on tho other hand, I by those who fel' the importance of the House to ? the colony ; and it was, therefore, of the greatest importance that they should show that they re s cognised their responsibility and power, and that i they were not disposed to shirk the one or abuse ! th°. other. The ACTING- PRESIDENT said that as a . matter of order he could not put the amendment , in its present form, as in speaking of a measure i ta be submitted by the mover, it dealt -with a ? matter which was not before the House. He said ' th!s lest the hon. member should have risen to . second the amendment. ; Mr a'BECKETT said he intended rather to ad- ' . dress himself to tho question before the Housa. It . was somewhat ludicrous that the House should solemnly and deliberately affirm a proposition . which 'eveiy person in the colony would ? assent to, namely, that great diffi culty and inconvenience would arise i from the issue of the licenses if they should . afterwards be found illegal. It needed no ghost ? to rise to tell them that. . He believed the licenses to be illegal, and he could scarcely see how it ? it was to be argued that they came within the 68th : clause. He did not know that it was necessary to i discuss the question of the legality of the licenses, . but as ho hed stated as his opinion that they were . illegal, he would give some reasons for that opinion. ; He did not inquh a whether the)' were beneficial or not, though, if justified by law, they might s be highly beneficial. A great deal had been said on the point by an hon. gentleman who i had preceded him, but that was a matte: of opinion, but hewever beneficial the licenses might be, if they were illegal it was idle to put people on the land under cove* of them. He con sidered them illegal, as they conferred a power beyond that intended to be conferred by the Act j and indeed it was admitted by the supporters of the licenses that this wis the cue, and that they merely attempted to drag such a power out of the Act. [The hon. member here read the 68th clause.] That clause had rcforence only to some object from which the people would derive benefit, and if that test were ap plied to every one of the matters mentioned, it would bfl found applicable to them. But where was the public advantages or convenience derived from these occupation licenses ? A person might hold one and prevent the public deriving any benefit from it. This was his opinion as a lawyer. Whatever might be the effect of the licenses on the people for good or for evil, he did not mean to discuss'; but he was satisfied in his mind that they were illegal, and fortunately it mattered nothing what that House or the other might decide, ' as the ultimate decision lay beyond the atmoa- ' phere of party in tho courts of justice, to which 1 they could alllook with confidence that whet er ' the majority in'favor of the Iioen3os wa» narrow '- or otherwise, the matter would bo fairly settled. I It was right and becoming that the Council i should assert, a3 it had done — setting forth the ? views of that branch of the Legislature which re- 1 presented the most important portion of the com- - munity — that this exercise of power was unoon- ] stitutional and illegal. But why assert 1 this time after time ? It might be - convenient to put such a motion on 1 the paper to give hon. gentlemen an oppor- - tunity of expressing their opinions ; but when * the House had to take action which should itn- i press it3elf upon the history of the eouutry, i it should do something more ; and thi3 brought J him to the second part of the motion. The t House had no right, in a constitutional point of 1 view, to make such a request ; for what were its - powers over the' Executive. It occupied a posi- t tion similar to the House of Lords in the old o country, and who overheard of the House of Lords \ turning out a Ministry ? (An hort. member : t 'The House is elective') True, they were a I representative body, but as the Housa could not I be dissolved, there was no means of testing the 8 opinion of the people out of doors. He was sure t that hon. members would see that the inevitable i result of acceding to the motion would lie, that his s Excellency must dismiss his present advisers, and I in making such a request they would be exceed- ( ing their powers, which were large enough, and ' were wholesomely felt, and which efforts were in t consequence being made to .break down. He t believed that in carrying the motion they J would merely give an advantage to tho k enemies of the House. If the Governor com- a plied with the request contained in the motion, ii he would have to turn out his Ministry in the t face of a vote of the other House, which justified s the issue of the licenses after a debate of five b nights. (An hon. member : ' By a majority of s four.') Mr A'Beckett continuing : Still it was a c majority, though a very narrow one, upon which, il perhaps, the Ministry would, hereafter, have no a reason to- congratulate themselves, as they were A i now ieft to tvork out the mischief which I I they had originated. An hon. member o j had said that there would not be more than six o j persons in the country in favor of the legality of a ; thb licenses, but supposing that this number in- n I eluded the three judges, and supposing also n the licenses were producing good results, were they I* | to be suspended ? Thoy all know tho slow pro- d gross of the law. (' Hear, hear,' from Mr Fawkner.) £ He (Mr A'Beckett) knew it, and it might be long w before this question was decided. He had noticed 'X particularly that the Governor hud said he vas d advised, and thereby threw the whole responsibility U on his advisers. (Mr Fawkner: 'More's the pity.') 11 Ho (Mr A*13eck2it) was not defending the Go vernor's conduct ; but he maintaine.l that ho was fi: justified in throwing the responsibility on his cc advisers, and if it should turnout that the licenses si werelti&al;, he believed the House would be doing a oi vast injury in staying their issue until that decision re was arrived at. Ho would vote against the w motion, because he considered it altogether an- ot called for, as thoy had already asserted everything H necessary; and that hon. members must know G perfectly well that after asserting the merest fu truism, which a child might express without any , great stretch of intellect, it asked the Governor to w do au uiiunnstitutinnnl act. (Ko, no.) G The ACTING-PRESIDENT announced that th tho mover of the amendment had amended it by bi putting it in '.he following form — 'That a select m crnnmiiten bo appointed to consider and report ar upon the subject of the settlement of the lund hi question on a fair and equusble basis, and having ie regard to existing rights. (I Mr FELLOWS said, though it was the custom lii to attribute to lawyer tho faculty of pronouncing hi that hlack was white, it had been reserved for the Ii last hon. member to prove that black was black, th and then say that he shor.ld vote ns though it m were white. The hon. member had stated that Ii everybody acknowledged the licenses wsre illegal, and yet he refused to tell his Excellency so. (Mr A'Bnekett r ' No, ' I said that inconvenience would result if the licenses were declared ille gal.')' Remarking upon the conduct of the Governor, the speaker in eoniinuation, said that for the Ia3t six or eight months his Excellency had acted more as if he were an indepen dent sovereign than a servant of the Crown, and then having quoted from a despatch from Lird John Russell to Mr Powlett Thompson with reference to the duties of a Governor, and the necessity of bringing tlu Executive authority into accordance with the wishes of the peoplr, he said that his Excel lencv appeared to bo careless both of the wishes of the peopl.? and the Crown, and regardless of whether his conduct was such as would lead to his receiving future employment at the hands of hi3 Sovereign. Mr COLE rose to order, stating that such re marks were most uncalled for. Mr FELLOWS then adverted to the request the Council had made to his Excellency, to stay the iasua of the licenses until a new Parliament had been summoned, a request, he said, his Ex cellency might reasonably have complied with, but which ho hiH refused to do upon his own responsibility. There wern two alternatives, either his Excellency possessed common sense, or he did not. If he did not, he was unlk to govern this or any colony, and if he did, then he had most successfully concealed it. (Mr ABeckett: '?Oh, oh!') He, waa aware th:it on former occasions their advice had been i ejected. It ?vrould be idle, however, far tha Council to shut itR mouth because their protest had once bsen refused. And they must rernomicr tl.-it .there wns a higher power to appeal tn. If hU Excellency refused to listen to them an udJresH to the Crown would speedily show whether hU Excellency was and independent sovereign or a subordinate officer. After the action of the Parliament it. was perfectly optional when his Excllency took tho advice of his Ministry, and insulted the House in a way no iioveieiirn of England would ever have done, by protesting against the exercise of the undoubted power of tho Jrarlia ment — the power of the purse. The Council was bound to bring forward the motion and show hi3 Excellency that he could not be allowed to shel ter himself behind his responsible advisers, and be allowed to insult both Houses, because, for sooth, his Ministers, who did not possess thfi con fidence of either branch of the Legislature, thought it advisable to do so. The hen. member then proceeded to comment on the action of the Go vernment and his Excellency with regard to pay ment of members, and, in conclusion, said that he should certainly vote against the amendment, which did nothing one way or tho other. Mr POWER supported the motion as being the mo3t reasonable and constitu tional course the Ceuncil could taice, to express its opinion to the Governor. He entirely con demned tho action of tho Government in issuing the licenses, and stated that he knew u case where in the western district a man had taken up an allotment with an intention of erecting a public hoiise upon it. It certainly was not for this eiass of settlers that the licences were i3sued, but there was nothing in the regulations to prevent them j availing themselves of the advantages. The ma- | joritv in ths Assembly in favor of the licenses I was, he said, a false one, and resulted from the j pledges given by candidates at the elections, to vote for the Ministry. In supporting the motion, he hoped that it would be affirmed by the Ceuncil, and stated his. belief that this would be the course ! most oondnoive to the welfare of the colony. Mr HULL supported the motion, contending j that tho licenses were both illegal and impolitic, | and also condemning the general poliay of the Ministry. ? ? . ' ? Mr BENNETT, in rising to support the motion, said that he did not intend to treat the question i in a strictly utilitarian point of view, but rather to look further than the present aspect and candU j ti'in of the colony. To him it was of little eonse- i quence whether, 'the address propoaod to bo pre- j sented to the Governor nad a:i immediato effect or not ; but ne expected that it would not. Ho was certainly surprised when he heard hon. members say that this action of the Upper House was un called for ; if ever there was any occasion w en such a course was required it was the present. He referred to the steps which had oeen hitherto taken by the Governor with regard to the occu pation licenses, and said that when thsU issue was first proposed, rtv-J Upper House distinctly affinnad, t,|ie-ir illegality, but in the face of thut protoat his Excellency had said, thu having been ad yised by his Attorney- General that thoy Were legal, he proposed to carry out their 'issue. What would be tho consequences if the de cision of the Suprems Court in tho action now pending was that they were illegal ? Why, that the unfortunate man who had gone on the land, on the solo authority of the President of the Board ot Lund and Works, would find his - labor spent in vain and would navij to give up his lands. He (Mr Bjnnett) as a lawyer considered | that the licenses were illegal, not. on:y Iromthe able arguments that hud been adduced, but from the very wording of the Ace itself; but it was not for him, or for the Council, or the Governor or.' Attorney- General, then to uronounce on the ques tion, but to wait for the higher decision of the Supreme Court, which would definitely settle that ' point. It was, however, his painful duty to say that the Governor seemed to have completely ab- i Jicated his prerogative and handed himself over to the power of his Ministry, and it was of course ! juite hopeless, under tho3e circumstances, that'j in address from that House, ot uny other body, I would be well received. Fie referred to the Go- ' rernor's answer to the -protest of tho Upper I Souse, in which he said that io waa not desirable ' ;hat the Government should withdraw tho i icenses, seeing that the opinion of the Attorney- j 3-eneral was so decidedly in favor of' ;heir legality, One would at least havo jxpected an expression of regret that he ,vas compelled to carry out a proceeding of which . ;hat House declared their disuppiovai. It might ' je said that the words ha ut'eied were put into j lis mouth by his Ministers, but he could have, in i dignified manner, declined to make use of ;hem. (Hear, hetir.) No doubt those senti nents suited the members of fie other ;omewhat jealous branch ot the Legislature, mt he must confess that their effect on him | Air Bonnelt) was that of uthnfl of horror. (Hear, : tear, and ? iaugiuer;) He next r.fei'red to; lie recent elections, when he said that he real question on which the Ministry ippeuled to the country was studiously :ept in tie background, anrl new 'cries idopted in' order to driw the attention of vne -eoplo from their past poiioy, and direct it. more o their future, lie knew thut in making these tateme-its he placed nimself in u very respunsi ile position, but he wished it distinctly under luuu uiai* ne uiunub uuuusu me uoverntji ox mis onduct, but considered tnut his course had been [l-ttd vised in so completely resigning hia freedom ud independence of action incu tne hinds of the linistry. It had oeeu s.iid that a vo. cut thut louse wmld h.ive no effect on tha o hur branch f the Legislature. It-certkinly would depend n the, taste and' delicacy ot'th :' .Ministry whether vote of eiiher House would utfuct them or ot — (hear, hear, and luiighier) — but lie eed only, refer to , the resigua-iun of the Jicholson Gjvernment when they corisi ercd themsHives coerced by a vote of tha1. [ouse, tostiow that such votes were not always ?ithout effect. They had now rai-ed their voice f warning, and it would be lor the Governor to ecide whether he would resist m.t. only that [ouse, but u very lurge seciion of the Lower [ouse. Mr HOPE said, that when the motion was rst pruduuud he intemiel to vo e iigtiust it, be juse he thought thut that Huus : iud ulicady ifliciently expiessod its disapproval of the jurso now adopted by the Uovumineiit, but on iconsideratiou lie had ulcered ins opinion. He as willing dud anxious to sej ihe people settled i thu lauds, but. nut at thy expense m illegality, .e believed, that in issuing tiiasi; licenses the overiimeiu had grossly lU'parttd from, their mctions. Mr COPPIX thought that the severe, strictures hiuh luid been passed upon ihe conduct of tile DVurnor weie Hardly ueservuil. Hi* uenainly lought thtttho Excellency lui oeen ili-ailviseu, ' it nothing morj. Hi! briefly analysed ihi urgu ents whiuh had been adduced ug .iii^c thd muliuu, id said that the arguments on shut side wtucli id been brougi.e forward by M.- u'lii'ikelt were ally the strungtft in favor of tho motion. Slighter.) He wo Udby ulud lo see u lijeral L.uirl ill initiated in that House, mid promised Air it jit'a. s support if he brought forward Mich umeiuuru'. e saia that the variance which t-xis ud bjc'-vuun utwo brunch sof the Legislature waj doubtless ost injurious to the country, but it was not th.it ouse thut requiied reform first. Lot the Low.jr ?' House remove that standing evil of universal suf frage — (hoar, hear)— and then the Upper House would no doubr, consent to a compromise. Captain COLE briefly stated hU intention to vote for the amendment, and said that even if the licenses were illegal — a question upon which the highest authorities differed— if they were removed, tho lands would bj ii^ain locked up from the people, and an nld grievance renewed. ? The ACTING PRESIDENT then put the question that the w.irds proposed to be omitted stand part of the question. Tho Council divided with the fallowing rcsxtlt : CONTENTS, 17. Mr FclbWB Mr Suthi.-rl.iKd Mr IIopo MitcLeU H. Hauty F.iwknor Kobe tioir llii;h-tt Fra or S!ow»ri I'ower Vauglrm cmiodr Bennett Coupin Hull Thompson NON-CON CKNT9, 4. Mr Wilkio MrVBeckctf Mr Golc . ?O..H-- The amsndment was therefore- Io3t, and the original motion was then agreed to. The Council then proceeded to ballot for a com mittee, which resulted in the appointment of tho following gentlemen : Messrs Bennett, Fellows, Mitchell, Ilope, Wilkio, S. Hunty,. Robertson. MIXING ICBOISTHA.U AT lULAAitAT. The. next motion the paper was: 1. That a select committee be appointed to- inquire into the circumstances attending the alleged trans-' mission of a telngrani to the Mining Registrar at Bullaarut, insiructhi;; him to disobey tho Court of Mines ; with power to. tike evidence, and to call for persons nad papers. 2. That such Committee shall consist of seven members, to be appointed by ballot, and shall have power to sit during the adjournment oVihc House. Air lAELLO WS obtained leave to amend tho motion, by substituting for ' a committee appoint ed by ballot' the name3 of the following gentle men : Messrs Mitchell, Wilkie, Power, Bennett, Highett, Hull, and the mover. The motion was then postponed till the next day, and the House a ourned at ten minutes to nine, till four o'clock t day. ? ? ___^ Anotheii jljank UKPALCA.TIO.V. — uii oaiwaay 'last, some rumors were circulated through tho city respecting a serious defalcation that had been discovered in the Bank of Nuwr douth. Wales. As with many such rumors, the amount of the de falcation was variously stated, and was in some quarters considerably exaggerated; but the fact of a very heavy loss having been sustained by that bank, through a breach of confidence on the patt of one of its officers, has been put beyond a doubt. We subjoin a statement of the circumstances as they have been communicated to us by one of the directors. It appears that Mr Alexander Salmon, who sbout a '.welvemonth sinee resigned his situ ation as accountant at the B.mk of New South Wales, recently required some accommodation, and in order to obtain it entered into a private arrangement with the eashiei, Mr George Smith, I who allowed him to overdraw his account by receiving as cash Mr Salmon's cheques on the Commercial Bank; the arrangement being that these cheques should not be presented, but shnul'd be kept until he was able to retire them. This sys tem was commenced'about five months ago, and has been carried on. until Mr Salmon's liability j amounted to no less than £5100. On Friday last, I Mr Smith received a letter from Mr Salinjn, stat ing that he found himself unable to take up bis cheques and was about to leave, the country, and advising him (Mr Smith) to follow his uxunple — first helping himself to some of the pioperty oi the bank. On receiving this letter, Mr Smith ut once showed it to Mr Stuart, the chairman of the bank, nnd an immediato investigation took place. Mr Smith was, together with two or three of tho other clerks, suspended. Pending the investiga tion Mr Smith was placed under surveillance ; but in the absence of any direct proof of bis com plicity with Me Salmon, in the attempt to defraud ihe bank, no proceedings have been mken against him. Mr Salmon was last seen in Sydney on Friday, t;ho 13th inst., and from the statement in his letter, in conjunction with the defalcation now brought to light, as well as from the fact of his relatives not having heard from him for sevoral day, there can be little doubt that hu has ab sconded. In was fruoly rumored on Saturday that he had gone to Hong Kong, but there is, we believe, no 'further foundation, for thu rumor than the circumstance of two vessels having sailed for 'hat port list' weak, Mt .°u\mon had boon employed in tho P-J^ 0£ New South \YalejS4 for ten yea'-? ^ resigned' in 'order id engage iri; 1 squatting pursuits; he was very. much liked boch . in the bank and by the public; and the iatplU ! genes of his absconding naturally caused a very ? paiuful sensation. — a. $1. Herald, 23rd September. I Webegtoinform'our readers tn«JtheDAii,YAoB subscription is now reduced to fifteen s^tllitiffs per quarter, for delivery in Melbourne and suo urbs, and. to twenty-one shillings and air-panea when forwarded by post. Subscriptions payable in advixnc. 