MISCELIiAaSTEOUS. Culture of the Potato. — From a prize e»sav. bv Dr. Jeffery Lang, in the Journal of the West ?if England Society, vol. viii , part 1, we take the fol lowing : — The conclusions to be deduced from the whole matter are these— 1, The desirability of rarlv planting in well-prepared, clean ground. 2. Tliat white potatoes are less liable to the disease- and therefore to be preferred to the coloured sorts. 3. That the soil in no case produces or ini'.mni ri the disease. 4. That tbe disease is of a fungoid charac ter, infesting many varieties of plants, and increased in activity by atmospheric causes. 5. That all nitro genous manures are injurious. 6. That lime an-1 salt, mixed in the proportions of S tons of lime to 3 which ripen earliest should be exclusively groirn. 8\. That, as soon as the disease appears, earthing up ?he stalks repeatedly with fine earth from the centre of the trench is the only effectual preventive to it* ravages. 9. Ilh it wben exhumed., sunlight appears to arrest tlie progress of tbe murrain, and to pre vent the further decomposition of the tuber. Saijus asd Scmiiee Sooks.— Physiological re search established the fact that acidi promote the separation of tbe bile from the blood, which is then passed from the system, thus preventing fevers, the prevailing diseases of summer. All fevers are ?? bilious, that is, bile is ra tlie blood. Whatever is antagonistic of fever is cooling. It is a common saying that fruits are 'cooling,' and al-o berries of every description ; it is because the acidity which they contain aids in separating the bile from the blood. Henre the great yearning for greens and! lettuce and naiads iu the early spring, , these being eaten with vinegar ; henre also the taste for some thing soar, for lemonsdes on an attack of fever. But this being the ense. it is easv to see that we nul lify the good effect of fruit and berries in proportion ai we eat them with sugar, or even with sweet milk or cream. If we eat them in their natural state, fresh, ripe, and perfect, it is almo-t impos sible to eat too many, or eat enough to Imrt us. es pecially if we eat them alone, not taking liquid with them whatever. Hence al-o is bnitennilk, or even common tntlk, prom.otive of health in Rummer time. Sweet milk tends to hiliousne-s in sedentary people ; sour milk is antagonistic. The Greeks and Turks are passionately fond of milk. The shepherd* use rennet, and the dealers alum, to make it sour the sooner. Buttermilk acts like naier-mclous on the system.— Hair* Journal of UealUi. Earl Fitzwilliam has just met with an accident. A spirited horse on which his lordship was mounted, reared pp. and before he could control it, f.-ii heavily upon him, breaking his lordship's n-Uar-Ume. lite fitting of Jones's target at Portsmouth for re newed trials with the Armstrong gun has been com pleted, its facn now occupying a vertical positvm. ii ud its lied bein; placed nt'an ansli: from tin; deck of the Gri|-er. supported by stuut timber [irops, ivhicl: are in turn strengthened bv a number of tnassivc iron knees to enable it to withstand iu its lien- posi tion the hammering to which it will be sul jucU-d from the Armstrong lOt'jiouuder. Darntim has been trying the experiment nf in ducing whales to live in fresh water, but has signally failed. The leviathans are dead. An able man shows his spirit by gentle words and. resolnte actions ; he is neither hot nor timid. A man is never so crooked as when he is in a strait. A rhymer, like a hen, is apt to cackle over his lay Nothing is so hard to do us nothing. _ - wrt owveawftrxii riii'afT^^rg'^vnr' - * ?' - ?—-— **-l believe you thitife, *Vr. i\\\v£ 1 an stnpiil.' ** Oh, no, miss, you are wise beyond your years, and that's saving a great deal for your wisdom ' We snfpose a mau ' tlothes bim«df uieh curses as with a garment' when he gels a hulut uf swearing. How does a cow become a Lin. led estate? liy turning her into a field. ' A leiral tender:' a decided contradiction iu term* for we mn»t say, within our own experience, we nrvor yet tnew any thing *? legal' that v-j» ever ' tender.' ** So you are going to keep school,' said a yo'injj lady to her old maiden aunt- ' Well, for my part, s«oner than do that. I would marry a widower »i:h nine children.' '? I should prefer that mystif,' was the quiet n-plf, 'bnt where in tlie widowcrf ' The late Earl Dudley wound up an vk-gant tribute on the virtues of a deceased friend uitli these kdiiIm — ' He was a good man — an excellent man — he had the best melted butter I ever tasted in my life.' PtEOVEKnS FOB ALL KEADC1IS.' Get the spindle and the distaff ready, and God will send the flax. Better ride an ass that carries ns than a horse that throws ns. The world was not made in a minute. Poon ripe, soon rotten. Be who sows his land, trusts in Cod. If vou would make a thief honest, trust him. Trusting often mates fidelity. God gives every bird its food, but does not throw it into the nest. Virtue and happiness are mother and daughter. If you pursue good wiih labour, the labour passes away, bnt ihe good remains; if yon pursue evil with pleasure, the pleasure passes auav, but tlie evil re mains. There is one good wife in the coon try; let every married nun think that be hath her. Every bird loves its own nest best. Tbe orange that is too hard squeezed yields a bitter Juice. 'When yen are as anvil, bear; wben yon are a. hammer, strike. An honest man is not the worse- because a dog; barks at him. Idleness is the sepulchre of a living man Constant occupation prevents temptation.. Idle mtn are the devil's playfellows. Business is the salt of life. . Like plays best with like. That is very often lost in an hocr which costs *. lifetime. Many a cow stands in the meadow and looks wist fully at the common. The best way to be admired is to be what we love to be thought. If a man is dissipated, bis fortune will probably *g»Wro^«wti-r%«Je»i^eW^ - '-~ fairs of tlieir neighbours, constitute a very niean sort of peerage. Necessity. — v?hy is necessity like a great many barristers? Because it knows no law. Men who endejivonr to look fi.-rce by cultivating: profuse whiskers, must be considered luur-ulu scare cm fellows. Cckins a Ijqcob Sneak.— I hare heart a first rate story about John Truman, late of Athens. Ga. He was stopping at a tavern up the comilrv. and nsed tn liwf about the bar. and come it over* utlier people's liquor. Not a glass could be left a moment but lie would slily slip up aud drink its contents. One day a stage-driver came in and called fur a t.titF horn of brandy toddy. John Immediately shuflk-d np lo the bar. Tlie driver fcneir bis limn.' and im inenjatfly pluynd fiossnin l»y }enii;sp his braody while be stepped to ihe duor.. The Lait took. On returning be saw the glass empty, and exclaimed: with all tbe diabolical horror be onnM nfleel : — ** Brandy and opium enough to kill forty men : «ho drank tbe t-icen ?** ' I,' stammered John, rendv to yield op. the. ghost -with affright. . 'You're a dt- ad mau,' sajd the driver. ' What shall I d-- I' Ik - seeched John, who thought himself a ' gone sucker.' ' Down with a pint of lamp oil. or you're a dead man in three minutes.' «aid the Tricked driver. And: down went tlie lamp oil. and tip came the bmndy and opium.' together with -John's breakfast. The joke was .told, and l-e never, dnauk other people's liqnoreiu.ee. . ? ' IPSWICH, QUEENSLAND: Edited, printed, and -' - ? = published by Bicoabo Belfobd, of IpWrich, fur tlie proprietor, at the Korth Australian Oliioe, . i jEast- street. ? ? - 