BOILERS AND SPINSTERS. 1 (From the Cornhill Magazine.) I I confess that I have very little sympathy for those unmarried ladies whose wail has of late been so constantly dinning in the ears of the public, and who, with every comfort and necessary of life prided, are supposed to be pining away in lonely gloom and helplessness. There are a score of books with which they doubtless were away their monotonous hours. Old maids, spinsters, the solitary, heart-broken women of England, have quite a little literature of their own, which cannot certainly be cheering to these forlorn spirits. It demands a degree of public sympathy for this particular- class which would he insulting almost in individual cases, except, indeed, that there are no individual cases and very few, who, while desiring such . commiseration for others, would not quite decline to present themselves as its deserving | objects. To come forward, for (instance, and say, Oh, alas, alas ! what a sad, dulljjsoliCary, use less, unhappy, unoccupied life is mine as I can only see a tombstone at the end of my. path,- and willows and < cypresses'" j on either side, and ] flowers, all dead and faded, crumbling beneath my feet; said my only companions are memories, and (hair ornaments, and ghosts, prosy, stupid old ghosts, who go on saying the same things over ; and over again, and twaddling about all the years that are gone away for ever." This is no ex- aggeration. This is what the " thoughtful " spinster is supposed to say in her reflective moments. There are Sunsets of spinster life, Means of old maids, Words to the wasted, Lives for the lonely, without number, all sympathising with these fancied griefs, urging the despond _ ents to hide them away in their own hearts, to show no sign, to gulp their bitten draught, to cheer, tend, console others in their needs although -unspeakably gloomy themselves. One _ book, I remember, after describing a life passed in abstract study, in, nursing sick people, in visiting unhappy ones, in Relieving the needy, exclaims or something very like it, : " But, ah ! what at best is such a life as this, whose chief pleasures and consolations are to be found in tree cares and the sorrows of others ? Married life, indeed, has its troubles," these single but impartial critics generally go on to state; but then there is companionship, sympathy, protection "-one knows the sentence by heart. "Not so is it with those whose lonely course we should be glad to think that we had cheered by the few foregoing remarks, whose sad destiny has been pointed out by a not unfeeling hand. "Who knows but that there may be compensation in a lot of which the blank monotony is at least untroubled by the anxieties, and fears, and hopes of the married?" These are not the exact words, but very much the substance, of many of the volumes, as anybody who chooses may see. Where there really seems to be so much kindness and gentle heartedness, one is the more impatient of a certain melancholy, desponding spirit, which seems to prevail so often. j " Perhaps I shall be told," says one lady, that while professing to remove some prejudices against it, I have, in reality, taken too gloomy a view of single life. My observations will cause a good deal of laughter among happy spinsters, a good deal of animadversion among proud ones. Those who laugh most will be those who have most thoroughly tried the state 1 describe, and learned that, happy or unhappy, it is their portion for life, and that, as such, both wisdom and propriety of feeling require them to make the best of it. There are many such ; let them laugh with full contentment. . . , But I appeal from such well fortified [spirits to women of weaker mould, whose tenderness of heart is an cured by time. What woman is there among such as these who does not mournfully acknowledge the loneliness of her life, and the frequent need of some one to lift her up when borne down by all the sorrows which oppress her? ..." , Here is a melancholy climax ! But what has the poor lady, thus acknowledging her need, been about all these years ? Who has forced her to live alone ? Is there nobody to come forward and gave her a lift? What possible reason can there be to prevent unmarried, any more than married, people from being happy (or unhappy), according to their circumstances from enjoying other pleasures more lively than the griefs and sufferings of their neighbours ? Are unmarried people shut out from all theatres, concerts, picture galleries, parks, and gardens? May not they walk out on every day of the week ? Are they locked up all the summer time, and only let out when an east wind is blowing? Are they forced to live in one particular quarter of the town ? Does Mudie refuse their subscriptions ? Are they prevented from taking in The Innes, from going out to dinner, from match-making, visiting, gossiping, drink- ing tea, talking, and playing the piano ? If a lady has had three husbands, could she do more ? May not spinsters, as well as bachelors, give their opinions on every subject, no matter how ignorant they may be travel about anywhere, in any costume, however convenient, "climb up craters, publish their experiences, tame horses, wear pork-pie hats, write articles in the, Satyr' day 'Review ? ' They have gone out to battle in top-boots, danced on the tight-rope, taken up the Italian cause, and harangued the multitudes. They have gone to prison for distributing tracts ; they have ascended Mont Blanc, and come down again. They have been doctors, lawyers, clergy women, squires-as men have been milliners, dressmakers, ballet dancers, ladies hair-dressers. They have worn waistcoats, shirt collars, white neckcloths, wide-a-wake, parted their hair on one side and, oddly enough, it is strong minded women who take this curious method of announcing that they are single ; they have tried a hundred wild schemes, pranks, fancies they have made themselves ridiculous, respected, particular foolish, agreeable and small blame to them if they have played their part honestly, cheerfully, and sincerely I know of no especial ordinance of nature to prevent men, or v women either, from being ridiculous at times and we should have people a great deal more than we do, if we might not laugh at them now and then. To go back to our spinsters, they have crossed the seas in shoals, been brave as men when their courage came to be tried ; they have farmed land, kept accounts, opened shops, inherited fortunes, played a part in the world, been presented at Court What is it that is to render life to them only one long regret? Cannot a single woman know tenderest love, faithful affection, sincerest friendship ? And if Miss A. considers herself less fortunate than Mrs. B., who has an adoring husband always at home, and £10,000 a year, she certainly does not envy poor Mrs. C, who has to fly to Sir Cresswell ' Cresswell to get rid of a " life companion, who treats her with his umbrella, spends her money, and knock her' down, instead of " lifting her up." of With all this, it is dismally true that single women may, and many of them have, a real trouble to complain of, and that when the barest necessaries are provided, life can only be (to them one long , privation from books, from amusement, from friendly intercourse, from the pleasure of giving, and from that social equality which is almost impossible without a certain amount of means : but then surely it is the want of money, and not of "husbands, which brings them to this pass. < Husbands, the statistics tell us, it is impossible to provide ; money, however, is more easily obtained, and above all by those who already own a little store. Somebody says somewhere, that it is better a thousand times to earn a penny than to save one. I have just been learning how, in a few cases, this penny may be "earned. Other means, ways, pennies there are without number t and might be more and more. J . There are to give the first instance which comeB'to'me^-Schools'bf Art all over the king dom, where young "men and women are taught ' the same things by the same masters. It is a fact that the women generally take higher places than the men in these examinations and when they leave a person in authority has as 'sured me that he did not know of one' single instance where they had failed to make their way. They can earn generally from one hundred to two hundred a year. This would be by teaching privately and in government schools, and by designing for manufacturers. One girl I have heard of was engaged at two hundred a year to invent patterns for table cloths all day long for some great Manchester firm. I think the melancholy books themselves nearly all most sensibly urge upon parents their duty either to make some provision for their daughters, or to help them early in life to help themselves. For troubles come-sad times come, and it is hard to look out for a livelihood with eyes blinded by tears. For mere sentimental griefs for persons whose comforts, are assured, and whose chief trouble is that they do not like the life they lead, that they have aspirations nndwantÄjmpatuy.I think fewer books of consolation might mines. One friendly little volume, which came out the other day, gives such wise and kindly hints to these sufferers that I cannot help mentioning it here's Instead of vague longings after sympathy and protection, might they not themselves give such good hogs to others whose need is," perhaps, more urgent, and so find work and occupation too ? And the best and the most' grateful surely. No one can witness the first fruits of such good labour without coming away for a little time at least more Christian and gentle hearted. But it can only be by long patience and trou- | ble that such work can be achieved For to sympathise I suppose people must know sorrow in some measure, to help they must take pains, to give they must deny themselves to know how to help others best they must learn themselves. And the knowledge of good and of evil, as it is taught to us by our lives, is a hard lesson indeed ; learnt through failure, through trouble, through shame and humiliation, forgotten, perhaps neglected, broken off, taken up again and again. This lesson taught with such great pains has been sent to all mankind- not excepting old maids, as some people would almost have it such persons as would make life one long sentimental penance, during which single women should be constantly occupied, dissecting, inspecting, regretting, examining themselves, living among useless little pricks and self inflicted smarts, and wasting wilfully, and turn- ing away from the busy business of life, and still more from that gracious bounty of happiness, and content, and gratitude which all the clouds of heaven rain down upon us. When one sees what some good women can do with great hearts and small means, how bravely they can work for others and for themselves, how many good chances there are for those who have patience to seek and courage to hold, how much there is to be done-and I do not mean in works of charity only, but in industry, and application, and determination how every woman in raising herself may carry- along a score of others with her when one sees all this, one is ashamed and angry to think of the melancholy, moping, spirit, which out of sheer dullness and indolence, would complain of lost chances, go hankering after husbands, and more prosperous ways and means, and waste hours of daylight in gloomy sentiment and inertness., I do not mean that this is the spirit of self-denying and self-concentrated persons of whom I have just been speaking, for honest and persistent efforts must make themselves respected in any form. I suppose I am addressing that vague, but useful, scapegoat whom all clergy- men, advertisers, advice-givers, speech makers, and article-writers attack, and who misbehave in every convenient manner in order to give the wrath-pots of eloquence an opportunity of pour- ing out. Statistics are very much the fashion now-a-days and we cannot take up a newspaper or, a pamphlet without seeing in round numbers that so many people will do so and so in the course of the year; so many commit murder, so many be taken up for drunkenness, so many subscribe to the "London Journal," so many die, so many marry,- so many quarrel after, so many remain single to the end of their lives, of whom so many will be old maids in the course of time. This last number is such an alarming one, that I am afraid to write it down ; but it is natural to suppose that out of these latter thousands a certain number must be in want of some place where they can have lunch or tea more quietly, and cheaply, and comfortably served than at a pastrycook's shop. Good tea and bread and butter for sixpence, and dinner off a joint with potatoes, for ninepence, must, I should think, be a boon to a good many who are perhaps out and about all day, earning their sixpences and ninepence. By subscribing, we are told, to the Ladies' Reading Room, No. 19, Langham Place, they may not only partake of all these, and other delicacies, and join in intellectual conversation, but go upstairs, and read the Times, and the Englishwoman's Journal, and the cornhill Magazine, Sec. See., and write Their letters on nearly stamped paper, when the meal is over. The governesses and hard-working ladies, however, do not seem to frequent. this strong minded little refreshment room as much as might have been expected ; a few country ladies coming up to town to shop and to see governesses, seem to patronise it more, as well as some of members of a society which has come to live in the same house. Their labours over, they may, if they like, indulge in tea at five o'clock in the quiet little coffee room. There are tables, neatly spread, awaiting them, a waitress ready to attend to their wants, windows looking out upon a broad and cheerful street, and on the wall a list of prices, all of the most moderate dimensions. It is now about two years since this society was started. It is called the " Society for Promoting jem: Employment of Women-," and Lord Shaftesbury, strange to say, is the president. Miss Boucherett and a few ladies," says the report, " feeling deeply the helpless and faces serious condition of a great number of women obliged to resort to non-domestic industry as a . My life by an Old Maid, means of subsistence, consulted together as to the best way in which they might bring social position and influence to their ill. . . ' They resolved on the formation of a new society, which should have for its object the opening of new employments to women, and their more extensive admission into those branches of our I ployment already open to them." The report goes on to describe briefly enough some of the difficulties which at once occurred to them. Among others, where they should ? begin their experiment. ".Fotliiglily^cducated women, we could for a time- do nothing ; women of no education could do, nthljingífor us. That is to any,( we vcoúhl\jopon' no- news channeWor the labour of the former, and our experiments would ~hayoifailed,'"owing to the inefficiency of the latter? ' Thit'we'felt convinced, that in whatever direction we made an, opening,' the pressure upon 'all ranks- of working women would be lessened. I > , Thisjwoll^ntentioiied society has only been in existence for»littletimo ; it hVes, aslhavesaid, at 19, 5 Langham Place.. It's busy apprentice spread, to, hair-dressing, printing, law copying, dial-painting. It is making inquiries in other directions, but it finds many obstacles in its way. Their means are small, apprenticeship is expensive, very few of the girls who come to them can give the time to learn a new trade. They almost all want immediate work and payment, and something to do which needs no learning or apprenticeship. Can one wonder how it is that women earn so little and starve so much ? I have seen dismal list belonging to the secretary of the society, which tells of ccrtanTlroubles in a very brief and business-like way. Here is a" Miss A., Aged 30, daughter, of a West Indian merchant, reduced to poverty by his failure ; highly educated, but not trained to any thing. Just out of hospital. Wants situation as nursemaid, without salary. Miss B.,iBged 30. Father speculated and ruined the family, which is now dependent on her He is now old, and she has a sister dying. " Miss C , aged 50. Willing to do anything. Miss D., aged 30. Obliged by adverse circumstances to seek employment; unsuited for teaching. Mrs. E widow, with four daughters, aged from 15 to 25, . Not trained to anything in perfectly educated, lost large property by a law- suit. Mrs. F., husband in, America, appears to have deserted her. Wants immediate. employment. " Mrs. Q., aged 55 ; husband, a clergyman's son, ill and helpless. Would do anything. Go out as charwoman. Orderly and methodical in her habits. Applied at St. Mary's Hospital, refused as being too old. " Miss. H., aged 30 ; clergyman's daughter, governess seven years. Dislikes teaching, is suffering in consequence of over-work." One has no training, no resources ; another poor thing says she is neither well-educated nor clever at anything; she had a little money of her own, but lent it to her brother and lost it. Miss I., energetic, willing to do anything. "J., middle-aged woman, not trained to anything in particular ; tried to live by needlework, and foiled." Here we are only at J and there are yet alphabets and alphabets of poor souls all ready to tell the same story, more or less, whom this friendly society is endeavouring to help. i It has already opened two little establishments, which are making their way in the world with every chance of prosperity' and success. One is the law copying office, in Portugal street, and the other the printing-press in Great Coram- street, which is better known, and where twice as many hands are employed. , To this printing-house in Great Coram street we went, my friend A. and 1 ; A. telling me, as we drove along of all the thought, and pains and money the house had mat The money it is already- giving tasK ; the kind thoughts and trouble will be paid in a different coin. One of the best hands in the office, A. said, is a poor printer's daughter from Ireland, who learnt the business there at her father's press. After his death, she fell into great poverty and trouble, and could find no work nor way of living, when one day she happened to pick up an old torn newspaper, in which she read some little account of the Victoria Press. She set office Tnediately, begged her way all the way to Lan- | don, and arrived one day covered with grime and rags, to ask Miss Faithful to take her in. There was another princess whom I saw diligently at work, a little deaf and dumb girl, who had been trained in the office. I scarcely know if I may say so here, but I know that the pattern in this office are trained to better things still than printing. The work women are paid by the piece at the same rate as men are paid. The money is well earned money, for the work is hard; but not so bald-and I think some of these very women could tell us so-as working button-holes fourteen hours a day at five farthings an hour, and selling life, and spirits and flesh, and blood, in order not to die. Here are eighteen and, twenty shillings to be made a week between nine and six o'clock, except, of course, when some sudden press of business obliges them to work on late into the night. On the ground-floor, there is an office, a press-room, a store-room ; down below, a dining room, where the women cook their dinners if they like, and resT for an" hour in the middle of the day. On the first-floor are work-rooms. The freestone is filled up with wooden desks, like pews, running from the windows, and each holding three or four young women. At right angles with the pews, run long tables, loaded with iron frames and black sheets of type, which are being manipulated by two or three men in dirty white paper caps. There are also men to print off, and do all the heavy work, which no woman's strength would be equal to. It is a very busy, silent colony ;.. a table of rules is hanging up on the, wall, and I see NO TALKING ALLOWED printed up in fiery letters. All the tongues are silent, but the hands go waving, crossing, recrossing. What enchantresses. I wonder, weaving mystic signs in the air, ever worked to such good purpose ! Backwards, forwards, up and down, there goes, a word for a thousand people to read ; his presto! and the Guinea Bassinet is announced in letters of iron. Besides all the enchantress, there is a little printer's devil, who haunts the place, and seems to have a very pleasant time there, and to be made a great deal of by all the womankind. He has a pair of very rosy cheeks, he wears a very smart little cap, with " Victoria Press " em blundered upon it, and he goes and waits in the halls, and sends up for the ladies' manuscript, just like any other printer's devil one has ever heard of. " The Society for the Employment of Women apprenticed five girls to me," says Miss Faithful, describing their start, " at, premiums of £110 each. Others were apprenticed by relations and friends, and we soon found ourselves in the thick of the struggle. . . . When you remember that there was not one skilled compositor in the office, you will {Çftdjl/ wdfHtamj, the nature of the difficulties we had to encounter. Work came in immediately from the earliest day. In April we commenced our first book." Everybody, I think, must wish this gallant little venture good speed, and all the success it deserves. Here is one more extract about the way in which the printers themselves look at it "The introduction of women into the trade has been contemplated by many printers. intelligent workmen do not view this movement with-distrust. I hey feel very strongly that woman's "cause is man's, and they anxiously look for some opening for the employment of those otherwise solely dependent upon them." And I feel bound to add, that I have seen exactly a contrary statement in another little pamphlet, written by another member of the society. The other place to which I went was a law stationer's in Portugal street, Lincoln's Inn, where ore a series of offices and shops in which lawyers' clerks, I believe, go and buy all those red tones, blue bags, foolscap papers, plain or over-written, in stiff, upright,legibl.o hand-writing all of which seem to play such an important part in the legislature of the country Blue paper, white paper, of a dozen times, ruled un- ruled, abbreviations,erasures,ordered,permittod, forbidden-all these things are decreed by cur- tain laws, which are as much the laws of the land as 3 Viet,, or 18 Geo. III., which one reads about in the newspapers. All this was good naturedly explained to us by the manager of this copying office, into which we were invited to enter by an elaborate hand hanging upon the wall, and pointing with a pen which was ornamented by many beautiful flourishes. I was rather dis}ip.pp'in,(e.d to find the place perfectly light and clean, without any of the conventional dust and spider's webs about. The manager sitting in a comfortable little room, the clerks busy at their desks in another very busy, scarcely looking up as we go in, and working away sedulously with steel pens. I am told that the very first thing they learn, when they come in, is to stick their pens behind their ears. There were about ten of them, I think. The manager told us that they were paid, like the printers, by the piece, and" could earn from fifteen to twenty-four shillings a-week; receiving three-halfpence a. folio, or twopence a folio, ac- cording to the difficulty of the work. They, go on from ten till about six. This business, how- ever, cannot be counted on with any certainty ; sometimes there is a press of work which must be done, and then the poor clerks sit up nearly all night, scratching with wearied pens, and arrive in the morning with clear eyes, and pale faces, and fit for very little. Then, again, there " is comparatively nothing going on; and they sit waiting in the office, working and embroidering to pass the time. The idea of clerks embroidering in their office, and of young women with pens behind their ears, bending over title-deeds and parchments, seemed rather an incongruous one; but young women must live somehow, and earn their daily bread, and a great many of these had tried and failed very often before they drifted into Miss Rye's little office. It was opened some ten months ago, she told us, by the society, and was transferred to her in November, and already begins to pay its own expenses. It was very uphill work at first. The copyists were new to their work ; the solicitors chary of reading it. Many of their clerks, too, seemed averse to the poor ladies. > Others, however, were we j y kind; and one, in particular, came to see Miss Rye of his own accord, to tell her of some mistakes which had been made, and gave her many useful hints at the same time. Without such help she said, they never could have got on at all. Now the drudgery is overcome, the little office is flourishing ; the steel pens find plenty of work to do. One of the costs is a widow, and supports two children ; another is a Quaker lady, who writes the moot i»«".,t;c,i. hand imaginable. Applicants come every day to be taken in, and Miss Rye says that if they seem at all promising, she is only too glad to engage them; but many and many of them lose courage, ory off at the last moment, find the occupation too severe, the distance too great, would like to come sometimes of an afternoon, and so go off to begin their search anew after that slender livelihood that seems so hard to win-so hard, in some cases, that it is death as well as life that poor creatures are earning, as they toil on day by day, almost contented, almost cheerful. , In these two places I have seen in what way ladies have tried to help, not ladies, but women of a higher class than needlewomen and shop women and servants. , Ladies-those unlucky individuals whose feelings have been trained up to that sensitive pitch which seems the result of i education and cultivation, and which makes the performance of the common offices of life a pain and a penalty to them might perhaps at a pinch find a livelihood in either of these offices, or add enough to their store to enable them at least to live up to their cultivated feelings. At any rate, it must be less annoying and de- grading to be occupied with work, however humble, than to contemplate narrower and narrower starting and economies every day economies which are incompatible with the very existence of cultivation and refinement. Scarcely any work that is honest and productive can be degrading. If a lady could earn £60 a-year as a cook, it seems to me more dignified to cook than to starve on a pittance of £30 or £20, as so many must do. There are now two other places I want to speak of which concerns a class of women! a little lower in the social grade: I mean shop women and needlewomen. The shop women we have all of us seen a hundred times, dressed in black silk and vast crinolines, and gliding in and out of the " Mantle and. Millinery Department at Messrs. Swangroves and Snellonbigs. Three shop women are advertised for in some great establishment, perhaps, and fifty or sixty go and apply for the places ; out of these, three of the best-looking are picked out se these poor things have told a certain good friend they have. They are well paid for the time ; they are put into black silks, and into their " departments." They earn, perhaps, 25s. or 30s. a week, or even more; their business is to be well-dressed and good-looking, and to persuade or frighten people into buying. They have hard work; they must live well and comfortably. They are country girls, perhaps ; they have no friends in London, nobody to give them a word of advice except, indeed, plenty of bad and foolish advice. The houses at which they board and lodge ask them exorbitant prices-a guinea a week.Ibelieve, is the general charge-and they live there apart in lonely little rooms away from home, from all good influence, good teaching, good sympathy. "This goes on for three or four busy months, and then suddenly it all comes to an end. Everybody goes away ; the mad dance breaks off in the middle, all the busy figures coming and. going disappear somehQW ; nobody wants'r^ew, dresses; breakfasts,^linnera, teas, are all over, or at least partaken of at home in less brilliant costume. The ladies' season, is over, and they all go away to the country quite wearied out, and the poor milliners' season has come to an end too, and where are they to turn to? They have not been able to save any money, living at a guinea a week-how was that possible? They can only make and sell flounces-they know no other trade. *> People don't want gauges and flounces in October and November, and so the dressmakers and the great shops don't want them any longer, and then tell them so. One day last year thirty young women were turned out into the street from one great house, without friends, or means of any kind, or hope of work, and literally not knowing where to turn to. I spoke just now of a certain good friend they have, from whom I heard all this. Because of this, and for other reasons, this friend and a few other people have tried to help these young women, by opening a house in Welbeck street, where they may ledge at a much cheaper rate than in those other places spoken of, and where they will be safe and well cared for as long as they remain. There is a sort of kindness, and goodness, and homeliness and comfort, about the place, which a loving spirit seems to give somehow to four walls. It is a spacious ( old house, of which the upper rooms are divided and subdivided into little wooden bedrooms ; there are little high-church pictures, and cleanliness and airiness everywhere. It is only a lodging house. It does not pretend to be a charity. Young women are free to go and come as they like. They dine together down below, and those ladies who live in the house dine and breakfast at the same time. " We know them all," said their good friend, in speaking of them, " and there is no-one among them we do not care for and take deep interest in. "These ladies live with them in order to be their friends really. They look after them when they are gone. I don't think any girl living in such a home as this, and with such kind hands ? stretched out to help her, need ever be in lonely grief or trouble, however unprotected and solitary she may find herself here in London town. There is a little chapel attached to the house, which was opened and dedicated by the Bishop of London some short time ago. Here are prayers morning and evening, to which they may come or not, as they like for most of the girls in the house are dissenters, and have been bred up in other forms. One cannot help wish- ing this place were better known, and that young women coming up to town, instead of getting into debt and difficulty elsewhere, would come off here straightway to the shelter of this kindly roof. At present there many vacancies and the first starting off is found difficult. " It has been be very expensive fitting up this house," writes the kind lady who let us in to a friend, " and the rent is so high. We want to take a room for others, for classes outside ; also, we are in need of books of a good tendency, as well as entertaining. These young people will not read directly religious books and the novels they get hold of are generally of the worst kind, and to them specially dangerous. We should never get on at all if the ladies did not pay high (for their board), as well as give their work." These ladies, who pay high for their narrow little sleeping rooms, in order to live and dine and breakfast with all those young milliners, are willing to receive subscriptions, if any people care to send small sums to help them in their good work. The house is No. 47a, Welbeck street, and here is a list of the prices : - LODOIMOB s. d. Soccnd-floorbedrooni8,withaUmealsonSunday 4f 0 Third floor ditto, ditto ditto says 0 HERALD, BY THE WEEK. - Bieakfaets, with tea or coffee, bread and butter 22 0 Dinners, without "beer .... ' .. ' 20 Tens .... . ... s .. V 6 Suppers, bread and cheese or butter and coffee 1 0 TheiJieedlewomen'a Home is in Lamb's Conduit-street. Here, in big front rooms, furnished with long, narrow benches and tables, are women seated in rows, wan, haggard, in tide. nate with watching, bent with sewing, stupified by a long, sea are at invest. n ,»aq tea-time as we got there, and from a door on the landing issued a file of grey women, with soiled clothes, and weary, pinched faces. They passed me, and went down, one by one, to the kitchens below-dull, old, for the most part careless-tired out, so it seemed to me. A lady who had come to see the house made some little joke to one dishevelled old woman, decked out with some black and ghastly finery. The old creature brightened up man instant, and went downstairs laughing, and one or two other poor ghosts laughed a little too. This was no hard task shop in which we were. We had not come to be made melancholy, but to see how much help, comfort, assistance was to be found in this gloomy old "house of call for needlewomen ; only, somehow, what these poor women prized so greatly seemed to us so scant a measure-their privileges such sad ones, so it seemed to us, that I am afraid we came away thinking more of their ill than of their good fortune. as a _ ' Only a few workers were left in the room out of which the dismal little procession had' filed. One deformed woman I saw stitching still, but stopping every now and then to rub her eyes. Another old, woman was at work upon a shirt front. I asked her how much she earned in a day, but she would not answer-said she didn't know. I asked her if she earned less before she came ; but she still shook her head, and said she could not tell me, and folded up her shirt and went away. Another brisk old lady was much more communicative ; she took off her spectacles, put down some fine stitching,' and quite good- naturedly told us anything we wanted to know. . ' " Bless yours says she, " I have not been used to this all my life glove had a house and servants of my own in myriads. ¡ So boa Mrs. Gunter. Oh, she.is'.goneto. her tea; but she sits the third from the window there. I earn a good bit.; and so I did before I came here, but I worked harder." " At what" time used you to begin ? ' ' asked my friend., , At six, mum,", says the old lady, quite cheerful, > " By going on regular from six' in the morning till eleven at' night, I could earn about two shillings ; -and so I can here." " But you know you are one of our very best hands, Mrs.-," says the matron (Mrs. \--- looks quite pleased, and assents. " This is very comfortable," she goes on. " We only work from nine to eight ; we get plenty of light and fire, and a little company to cheer one up a bit." " Does not the fine working make your eyes ache?" asks the lady. "Dear me, no," cries Mrs-. "Why that old lady there in the corner, she is past seventy, and never wore spectacles. I should just like you to see some of her stitching." i Mrs. Gunter, would you kindly let, us see your work ? " asks the good-natured matron. " I'm, not Mrs. Gunter," says the old woman, very tartly, and looks up suddenly, with a pair of bright brown twinkling eyes. Just to think of their twinkling so brightly through seventy toilsome years. .'" » I " I'm sure I beg your pardon," said the. matron, kindly, and. then, turning to us, adds, " this good lady not only keeps herself by her work, but Supports a bedridden sUteT""F77i H not so, ma'am?" 18 " "Well, I do, perhaps, partly," said the . woman "She can't help herself much thing she is crippled in the hands; 80mPa g her fingers are drawn together like." The r,? 1 being, that the good, bright-eyed old creek I did support her sister, but did not care J 2 I the credit of it. 6ft 1 Our first acquaintance had gone to Leahy PM. time and now the friendly matron began to te us about the place. It was opened by M Barlee some time ago : I cannot quite remember how many hundred needlewomen have worked there since. There were about fiS in the house the day we went ; some of them upstuirssewingat government shirts and jacket for which Miss Barlee has obtained a contract others busy at ladies' work, and the shirtmaker down below. By coming to this house to women get constant and certain employment thread, needles, light, firing, and tea, for they pay a penny in the shilling ; bread and sugar they have to find themselves. They earn from 1s. to 2s. for their ten or eleven hours and I need not count up the advantages of light spacious work-rooms, and company, instead of cold, darkness, and solitude. My friend was telling me of a girl who was found working in a garret by the light of a piece of twisted paper as she had no money to buy a candle, and of I another who came to this place to beg for work and in her it was given to her, asked if she might be allowed a penny in advance to buy some bread, for she was so weak for want of I food that she could not hold her needle. The * ladies here do not only give work and money . they go to the women at their own homes and if they miss them from the house, look after them and give them help if they want it. They also distribute coal tickets and soup tickets in the winter and at Christmas. This year, a great dinner was given, with speeches, and plum- > pudding and roast beef, to which scores of guests sat down guests, to whom at hut a i holiday had come in all the years. The matron, whom we made friends Vila ! who is a most kind and cheerful person, told us' also, how much better paid the women are here than in shops, where all the work goes through the hands of contractors. They would never have time, she said, to give out one half-dozen handkerchiefs here, another there, or pillow- cases, or whatever it may be to look after so many stray women, and make sure that none of their goods are pawned or stolen, or made away with. That is why they engage contractors who do all "this, and give good security. " And these are the wretches who grind and screw the poor creatures," cries sentimental indignation. "Why, the fact is, was a contractor," says the kind matron. " Of course I had to live. I was very, very sorry for the poor things. I hired a room for them, where I had twenty or thirty at work; I helped them as much as I could; but it made my heart ache often. At last one of my workers came to demand told me of this place. She had heard of it from a missionary, and so, finally, I came to be matron, and look after them all," «' She also told us that where they earn ten or twelve shillings here, they could only get eight or nine elsewhere, out of which they have to find their thread. "They are sad rovers, though," she added; they think they have heard of something better, and off they go." Perhaps it is a shilling a-day making up net cuffs for some shops in Oxford-street; but the Det is worked up in a week, the shop does not want them any more, and they are glad enough ' Moscow's back to the quiet old house again. ? - It seems the most practical, the most useful and friendly of places, a thoroughly work-a-day USeable tool for helping the greatest number most effectually, and at the least cost. If funds are forthcoming, Miss Barlee is prepared to establish twelve branches in different parts of Tarzan. This house is at No. 26, Lamb's Conduit-street. Persons wanting work done, and wanting to help the workers, have only got to send it, here ; and I do not know why these persons should not be shopkeepers as well as buyers, and why the one and-the other. should not be sorry for, and eager to help women seeking so wearily their scanty portion of the bread of life. They seek it wearily, but it is to be found. By roadsides, in arid places, springing up among the thorns and stones. Patient eyes can see it, honest hands may gather a good measure, now and then pressed down and overflowing. Only poor women's hands are bruised by the stones sometimes, and torn by the thorns. I seem to have been wandering all about London, in and out by Coram-street, Lamb's Conduit-street, Lincoln's Inn, and to have drifted away ever so far from the spinsters in whose company I began my paper. But is it so ? I think it is they who have been chiefly at work, and taking us along with them all this time ; I think it is mostly to their kindly sympathy and honest endeavours that these places owe their existence these, only a few among a hundred which are springing up in every direction springing up helpful, forbearing, kindly of deed, of word, gentle of ministration, in the midst of a roaring, troublous city. Somehow, grief, and shame, and pain, seem to bring down at times consolation, pity, love, as a sort of consequence. The French Mortar. GMíNox.-^TOe United Service Gazette of March 2nd says : Mr. Henry Robins, late Provost Serjeant, R.M.A., forwards us the following statement respecting the mortar cannon now under, going a course of experiments at Vincennes. Mr, Robins' statement is so circumstantial, and the evidence he offers in support of his claim to priority of invention so strong, that we feel the neglect of which he complains must have been unintentional on the part of the authorities :-" Having read a paragraph in your paper of the 23rd instant, relative to the mortar cannon, said to be the invention of a Frenchman, I most respectfully beg your indulgence to allow me, through your valuable paper, to give a flat contradiction as to its being his invention, I invented the mortar cannon two years ago, and made the model in brass, with my own hands, at Fort Cumberland, and submitted the same to my then Commanding Officer, Colonel Fraser, Royal Marine Artillery, and the whole of the Staff Officers of that Corps, allot whom expressed a favourable opinion on it, but seemed to smile at my presumption when I suggested I wanted to send it before the authorities and as none of them seemed willing to forward it I availed myself of an offer of the son of Admiral Walcott, who volunteered to get his father to forward my invention to the right quarter. I then sent to London to the Admiral, where it remained about three weeks, and at last came back and opened without so much as a line stating the reason. Not knowing what to do, I entrusted it to an inhabitant of this place who offered to bring it before the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty. Kwr scientific man who saw it pronounced it the finest invention of the age. Feeling disgusted at the cool manner in which it was received, after being at considerable expense and months employment in all my leisure time in making it, I gave it to a friend, who has now kindly offered to let me have it to forward to you for your inspection, which I will do with pleasure (with your permission), also my compound breech loading nfie-gun, which can be fired ten times per minute, each discharge knocking over a whole company of 100 rank and file. This last invention has been before the Ordnance Select Committee, but was returned to me with a statement that one of a similar construction has been tried without any satisfactory results." 