NEW SOUTH WALES. WE have Sydney papers by the Yarra Yarra and Telegraph to the 6th of June, The Herald writes :— Sunday last having been named by the Governor as a day of mourning for the late Duchess of Kent, was observed as such by a great number of the citizens; many of the Metropolitan Churches were hung with black. At the Congregational Church, Pitt street, a sermon appropriate to the occasion was preached by the Rev.W. Cuthbertson. The Government and Consular flags, as well as those of the shipping, were at half mast throughout the day, and minute guns were fired by the Harrier. The recent floods have entailed much suffering. At Grafton, it is stated, the people are not only without the luxuries but many of the necessaries of life. At the Richmond the floods have been more severe than any yet known in that quarter. The river rose forty feet above its ordinary level and swept all before it. About 2,000,000 feet of'cedar was thus carried away, of which not more than a tenth, perhaps, will be recovered. The poor people have been reduced by those disasters to great extremities. An individual styling himself "Professor Vaudre,"—i. e., a professor of music and dancing—has been cheating the good folks at Albury. He not only ran several accounts but obtained several "quarters in advance" from unsuspecting parents, when suddenly he was carried off by the police on the charge of having stolen a gold watch at Beechworth. It seemed that he had only just left gaol after completing a sentence of imprisonment, which he had received some nine or ten months before at Wodonga. Inspector Harrison'bas captured two dar- ing ruffians, recent arrivals from Van Dio men's Land,, While'he was tracking these fellows, ho saw them go into tho Paddington toll-house and closo the door. Having stationed mon around the house to prevent the possibility of an oscape, Mr.; Harrison entered alone, and caught tho two Van Die monians in tho very act of robbing the toll keeper whom they had tied up. As the fellows declined to surrender quietly, Mr. Harrison ; called up his men arid secured them iii ct ar mis. They have been com- mitted for trial. Hop Beer and its Price.? In tho month of. October last,' Thomas . D'Chong, ' the keeper of a boarding bouse in Deniliquin, was charged by the polico with tho heinous offence of selling two bottles of hop beer without being provided with a license. In his defence defendant alleged that at thc time ho began business he inquired of the then clerk of the Court whether a license was necessary, and was informed that such was not required. From subsequent inqui- ries, howover, it oppea'red that tbero had been some misunderstanding, probably owing to the applicant being a foreigner, of the request mado to Mr. Lindsey, who said he understood the license spoken of to have reference to keeping the boarding house, nnd not to selling the beer. Be this as it may, D'Chong was fined £30; his lawyer Mr. James, objecting to the uncorroborated evidence of the police being received, the matter was remitted for the con- sideration of the Attorney-General. A memorial .vas likewise transmitted, being numerously and respectably signed, praying that the punishment at least might assume a more equitable relation to tho offence?if offence it were. On Monday Inst?after an interval of six mouths?patience is a neces- sary virtue in these parts?the polico magi? trato stilted thal he was in receipt of nn answer from tho authorities?such- answer confirming his previous decision,?mulcting D'Chong in £30. The unfortunate Celestial was present, and certainly took his lesson in English equity with considerable good hu- mour, mid-by the exhibition of a deposit re- ceipt for a good sum in the bank, showed that he was well prepared for the unfortu- nate exigency. A ? correspondent, whose letter we publish in another column, informs us that this little affair of tho Chinamen.has cost the latter the sum of £48 2s.?a fact which will doubtless enable him in future to appreciate thc patronage of constables when " doing their beer."?Pastoral Times. Accident from Firearms.?An accident happened in the Market Green on thc even- ing of the Queen's birthday from tho incau- tious uso of firearms. It appears that a man named George Bearch had a gun upon tho ground, which he kept discharging in the proximity of a bonfire that had beon kindled, and shot one individual in tho face with tho wadding. Mr. Richardson, bf thc Digger's Home, arrived in a few minutes afterwards, when Bearch said he would like to have a shot at him. Mr. R. replied that it was hardly worth while, or wordB to that effect, but in a few minutes afterwards tho man again came up and said ho would shoot Mr. Richardson, at ten yards' distance, and stepped backwards for tho pur- pose of levelling tho gun. Mr. R. took tho gun from tho man while ho was stopping backwards, but subse- quently gave it bnek ngain, cautioning the man and telling him not to attempt such a thing ngain. In a few minutes afterwards, Bearch said ho would shoot Mr. Richardson, observing that if ho had had him anywhere else it would have been a different caso with him. Bearch then jumped back, and was in the act of levelling tho gun, when Mr. Richardson seized it by tho muzzle, nnd giving it a sudden wrench, Bearch sticking to his bold, till tho parties got close lo tho bonfire, got it away and it flew in tho fire, tho hammer striking against a log and causing it lo explode. The wndding, which appeared to be mado of rounded leather, struck Mr. Richardson on tho shin, and after- wards hit Mr. Wenland, who stood just be- hind him, in the fleshy port of tho leg. Bearch was taken into custody.?Braidwood Observer. ' Goulburn Election.-7Tho Goulburn Herald of Wednesday states that, as yet, tlicro is no candidate in tho field for that electorate . Discovery of Human Remains.?During (ho past week, as Mr. Dickson, of Saw-pit Gully was prospecting about the neighbour- hood, he carno upon some ground which bc thought Was likely to answer, lind com- mencing operations, dug a few foot, when ho carno upon somo boards, Following up tho discovery, be iori ml that,it was n coffin, con talnlngiium ;n iMiiaiiiF.' ] for, when it wai found to be the skeleton of a Chinaman, tho flesh upon the bones being much decomposed; and apparently having beoir biiricd about three trJonthsj It may be remembered that about, that period, a large number of Chinoso then residing in the locality decamped, thoir sudden departure being accounted for bytheir labouringundor the delusion that the neighbourhood was haunted by it ghost: It was no\V supposed that the exodus took place in consequence of the interment of this body, as it is believed that tho deceased met with foul play, and his countrymen decamped before the outrage should be discovered.?Braidvjood Observer. Tue Native Doa.?A combined effort for the destruction of this animal is about to bc made in these districts. Already several settlers are employing men in killing the "dingo" wholesale. Of late they have bo come very numerous here, hunting about in sc.--ih of prey; they go about boldly in packs;: Some short time since two tilters of pups, five in each, were destroyed atBarrata, on the Edward J and young Patterson, of Conargo, ran down nine dogs in one day. There is an old Act, empowering any settler to destroy these pests, not only on his own run but on his neighbour's; and power is' also givon to recover by summary process a proportion of thc expense incurred from the owner of the run operated on.?Pastoral Times, May 24-. -n Capture of a Runaway.-The Cassilis correspondent of the Western Post says :- Ione, the Chinaman who robbed Mr. Piper's store last month, was taken two days after at Black Creek, in the act of attempting to pass one of tho stolen cheques. He was for- warded here by the Maitland Bench, and committed on Wednesday last to take his trial for the offence. He effected his escape at Wybong from one of the Merriwa con- stables, but was shortly after taken at Hall's Creek. He is now on his way to Muswell- brook, in safe custody of constable Knight, of Cassilis, a most meritorious and trust- worthy officer, who will sooner part with his head than part with the notorious scoundrel he has in charge. A Chinese Thief.?On Saturday last several Chinamen who who were travelling through Yass called at tho store of Mr.' Turner, and purebnsed a few trilling articles; they had scarcely gono, however, when Mr. Turnor discovered that a blue flannel guern- sey had been stolen, and followed the China- men. He came up with them about a quarter of a milo from his store, and on opening out their "swags could see no traces of tbe stolen property. Mr. Turner began to think that lie had wrongfully suspected John, but on taking a last look" at the Mon- golians, be noticed ono of the party who ap- peared to bo hunchbacked. This struck him as rather-singular, for whatever defor- mities - Coleslinls possess, he did not remember having previously seen one with a hunchback. He therefore accosted this particular:individual, and on examination, found that! tho protuberance between the shoulders- was caused by the missing guernsey being there concealed.?Yass Courier. Berrima.?A meeting of tho inhabitants of the district of - Berrima was held at Green's Hotol, on Monday,1 the 27lh, for the purpose of urging on tho: Government the necessity of doing something in the' nature of repairs to the Great Southern Road* Mr. John Morrice, M.L.A., was voted to tho chair, and stated that thc present was only a preliminary meeting for the purpose of passing resolutions to bo brought forward at a general meeting to be called on some future day. Mr. H. M. Oxley, J.P., stated that he thought resolutions should be passed at once. Mr. Andrew . Badgery, J.P.,.also thought something should bo. done at once. Ho heard Mr. Walsh state at ii meeting in Goulburn tho other day,'tbat tho roads wero belter now than they had been for soma years. Ho differed very much' from that gentleman. He thought they should work together, throwing politics aside, nnd sug- gested a public meoting should bewailed nt tho court-house thatday fortnight,' to decide upon tho best means of having communica- tion on tho Great. Southern Road. The Kev. Mr. Hassall also;1 spoke in the same terms, and it was agreed to'call a'meeting on tho 10th proximo.? Ooulbi0-n Ghronicle. "Chinese Encampment.?About fifty ce- lestials eucamped on the; Cricket Ground yesterday, as a halting place on the road to Abercrombie. A's we had passed them in the afternoon they bad stretched their awn- ings over the tent timbers, dividing it into about half- a-dozen compartments, and from tho number of fowls which wcrolaid in, :wo chould presume that they intended to hold a festival in the evening.?Braidwood Observer. GcumunN Gaol.?Mr. Uhr, tho sheriff, has been hr this town, and has inspected the gaol, of which Mr. Fallon, who has for some timo: past acted in tho capacity of head turnkey,' hos been appointed acting-governor. Stioicino-up.?Three mon, returning from Lnmbing Flat to Gundagai, wero stuck up, and robbed, near Hanley's, on Saturday night. Tho robbers, three in number, were on horsebaok, and well armed. They bound their victims and took away all their monoy, amounting to £11. 