MY HOLIDAY. (From the Sydney Mail, June 22 ; READER, are you a politician ? Have you ever felt an interest in the Land question, for that appears at the present time to be the political touchstone ?—and, if so, has your interest ever carried you to the extreme length of attending the debates in Parliament? If it has, I know at once that I have a sympathiser in you. I know, as well as if you had confidentially whispered it into my ear, that for the first few minutes of your first visit you sat awe- struck at the presence in which you found yourself; that you admired the Speaker's robes, and whispered nervously in face of the robed and banded clerks ; that you felt a nascent tremor as lawmaker after lawmaker entered the Chamber and took his seat ; and that you settled yourself snugly down in your seat in the anticipation of hear- ing something that should edify and delight you, as the great Order of the Day was called on. I know, too, that these feelings gradually died away within the first half-hour, and that the second half hour passed over rapidly by reason of the expectation you entertained of witnessing the sharp encounter of wits, the clash of mind with mind in wordy strife ; but as the time went on, I know also your feeling of disappointment, as you found that there was the wordy strife without the mind—the sharp encounter, but with only small wits. I am aware, likewise, that as your hope of being interested gradually faded away, the time drew on heavily, and that you leaped joy- ously from your seat when the House rose for refresh- ment, and that when it sat again, your place knew you no more. "What, let me ask you, would your feelings have been, if, after your return home, when you fancied you had for ever escaped the horrid flow of words that deluged the Parliament Chamber, and pressed heavily upon your aural tympanum, you had been ruthlessly dragged from the domestic hearth, trans- ported to theAssembly gallery, and there chained like a galley slave to the bench, doomed by a refinement of cruelty that no Inquisition has yet reached, to listen hour after hour to the bad grammar, the illogical reasonings, the distorted sentences and the murdered English of some of our legislators? As a man and a Briton, you would not have borne such treatmen ; but, like our great Premier on a recent occasion, would have appealed to the country. I never yet met the man who could sit steadily for two hours, and listen patiently to the frothy declamations of —— but, I won't mention names. I am not naturally vindictive, and though I have suffered much at the hands of——some particular legislators, I am not exactly disposed to crush them into nothingness. Readeer, have you read my appeal ad misericordiam? Do you wish to know why I desire to enlist your pity ? I am a reporter! — One who in the innocence of his heart, in his very young and very green days, thought it an exceedingly clever thing to learn short hand ; and who is now, like the ghost of Hamlet's father "doomed for a cer- tain space," not exactly to "walk the night" for even the cold comfort of the midnight promenade is denied him, but to sit till he "sniffs the morning breeze," listening to bad grammar and worse English which he has to dish up in a presentable form for the breakfast table of the great public. Am I not a fit object for compassion? Had I not some other subject in hand just now, I could, like the ghost aforesaid, "a tale unfold would harrow up your blood," of deliberate inflictions of words, of cold- blooded attacks, of bland persuasions, of palpable soft soapinge, aye, and even ot impassioned appeals that I have had to submit to; and though I have had to "grin and bear them," after the manner of the young sea wolves, by the end of the session I always find myself the worse for them ; and the relief that I and my confreres experience when the announce- ment is made, "That on ——— his Excellency will comedown and prorogue the House," is, to use one of our own favourite expressions, "more easily imagined than described." With us, the recess of Parliament is always a holiday; for what, though we may be busy every day ñwhat, though we may occasionally be harder worked—what though annual, meetings of all possible societies start up thick as mushrooms the moment the legislatorial doors are closed, still they come fresh and fresh upon us; a religious meeting on Monday being set off by an "Extensive Fire " on Tuesday, and the "Wednesday's interesting lecture, to which we have have perhaps listened six different times at six different places, until we almost know it by heart, being rubbed out of our memory by a "Dreadful Murder" on Thursday. It is the humdrum, wishy- washy no-ideas of the Parliament that tell on us, making our hair grey before its time from our con- stant sorrow at seeing " bearded men," as Donaldson used to call them, playing such fantastic tricks " on the flure of this House.*" The recess, then, is a holiday, and a leave of absence in a recess is a holiday within a holiday—an imperium in imperio—and consequently is doubly enjoyable; and great was my delight when I received this leave, and mighty were my preparations to spend it as such a time ought to be spent. How I passed my holiday it is now my business to describe. Different people have different ways of getting through a holiday. A friend of mine always passes his in bed, and if mine had happened in the middle of the session, I don't know but what I might have done so too, for it is very hard to bear up against the soporific influence of "this House." My wife thought the most comfortable way would he to sit at home and read, or have a cosy chat by the fire; and a fellow scribe suggested lying in the Domain and smoking all day, as the very acme of enjoyment. I did not agree with either ot these suggestions, but re- solved upon a pedestrian tour, and for its locale fixed upon a district where strangers' visits are "few and far between," and where the foot of the tourist but seldom treads—I mean that part of the sea coast that lies between Manly Beach and Broken Bay. Wondrous tales were told me of the manner in which game abounded in that part of the country. "Wallaby scoured the bush in flocks, and would run over you if you did not get out of their way. Wild ducks were so numerous that they were only too thankful to be shot that the redundant population of the swamps might be thinned off; wonga-wongas sat cooing their harsh note in every tree that lined the way; and bronze wings were so common as to have fallen into general disrepute. Believing a very great deal less than the half of what I heard, I of course provided myself with a gun and its accompaniments powder and shot, and strapping my blankets on to my shoulders, took passage by the Phantom to Manly Beach. I am not very tall, nor am I very short; neither do I pretend to have a very commanding figure—though since the volunteer movement I have cultivated beard and moustaches; and as I sallied forth with my blanket at my buck and the "billy," or tinpot, for tea making, which bush requirements render necessary, hung at my waist, I am afraid that, despite the gun in my hand, and the powder flask and shotbeolt hung ostentatiously in front, and despite my moustache (which, by the by, my wife will persist in calling "brush-y"), I had not a very sportsmanlike appearance, for some of those young vagabonds that infest the streets, the gamins of Sydney, called after mc as I went, "Hooray ! off for the Snowy." I had contrived to inveigle two friends to join me in my expedition, and as I shall have frequently to speak of them in the course of these adventures I may as well briefly introduce them to the public. The first, whom I shall call Tom, is a keen sportsman, and a first-rate shot, clad in the regular orthodox shooting coat of many pockets, with corduroy unmentionables, and lace-up watertight boots, about which there was a per- petually recurring difficulty. The other is an old Rock- hampton chum of mine, who has recently been on a visit to England, but has returned after only a very brief sojourn, in order, as he informed me in confidence, " to get dry " — the wet season that he experienced in England never having allowed him to attain to that state of beatitude. His peculiar idiosyncracy is a love of ease, and a disinclination to take more trouble over a thing than is absolutely necessary for effecting it. To save trouble in writing, I shall "abbreviate his name into Nat. We had appointed to rendezvous at Manly, and there we all assembled on the arrival of the steamer. Having made an equal division of the various articles to be taken with us in such a way as that each should have, as nearly as possible, the same weight to carry, we shouldered our swags for a start, when Tom suddenly remembered that our dogs were not forthcoming. Down went our loads again, whilst Tom made off to get one of the two animals that were to accompany us. In about half-an-hour he returned, leading a kangaroo dog by a leash, and once more we buckled on our loads, and this time made a start. Scarcely, however, had we got into the roadway, than our animal became restive, hung back in the leash, and, in consequence of a rather impatient drag on the leading strap, drew her head clean out of the collar. No sooner did she find herself free than she scampered off through the bush in a totally opposite direction to that by which we proposed to travel, utterly inattentive to the whistlings and the coaxing appeals of Tom, who, as the hound disappeared in the distance, gradually sank his note down to a growl, and ultimately to an exple- tive. As we all stood leaning sorrowfully upon our guns and looking mournfully along the track of the fugitive, we must have offered to the passer-by a very pretty picture of personified disappointment ; and, as it is considered absolutely de rigueur to be ac- companied by kangaroo dogs when out after wallaby, we felt that this was a mischief that must under any circumstances be remedied. As luck would have it, however, a gentleman resident in that vicinity, who had no doubt marked our disconsolate visages, and pitied our deserted position, very kindly came forward, and offered to lend us his dog—"a regular nipper"—as Tom, on his own personal knowledge declared him to be. Of course we were only too thankful for the offer, and after a brief delay, the dog was secured as we thought and wc made another start, picking up our second animal, a very handsome kangaroo dog named Spanker, as we passed the Steyne Hotel, and going on our way rejoicing. But alas! our felicitations were ill-timed, since we had scarcely proceeded half a-mile before the regular nipper made a dive forward, a start back- ward, a sudden and indescribable shake and wriggle, and lo he was free of the leash, leaving behind in the hands of the astounded Tom the complicated series of knots which he had only a few minutes before defied the sleekest headed hound in creation to slip. Before any one of us could muster up presence of mind enough to call, whistle, or coax, the regular nipper, with his tail hard jammed down between his legs, had disappeared in the scrub, in the most direct route homewards. The faithful Spanker, however, was still left to us, and we were fain, as the after- noon was drawing on apace, to be con- tented with one dog, the more especially as that dog followed us of his own accord, influenced evidently by an innate love of sport. I am afraid that our parting addresses to the "nipper" were not exactly benedictions, but we were all of the one opinion that we were better rid of the nuisance of dragging him along, and we consequently made tracks much more lightly and cheerfully from being relieved of this incubus. Before nltogcther leaving Manly and crossing the lagoon that divides it from the country to the north- ward, we took one last look at the locality we were leaving. We were about to penetrate into an all but unknown country, for the wild legends respecting it current amongst Manly aboriginals have hitherto been regarded as fabulous; and as we thus looked back at the civilisation we were quitting and forward into the wild scrub of Ti tea and honeysuckle, the feelings in our Cockney breasts were, I believe, some- what akin to those which Leichhardt, Mitchell, or some other great explorer must have felt when from some giant ridge of the far interior he has looked back upon the station—the last vestige of civilisation he was quitting—and then forward into the wild, dark, and unknown sea of leaves that moaned and rustled before him. We had not all the little accessories that attend your great explorers, or perhaps we might amongst us have got up a little poetic fervor, and have perpetrated a few "lines on leaving Manly Beach on an exploratory tour to Pittwater." I think I should have done something sentimental myself, for, as I looked back, I pictured to myself my better-half mourning disconsolately in her bower for the other, the worse half, that wasn't forthcoming; and my radicals of boys rushing home from school, and loudly calling for bread-and- butter, which there was no "Pa" to cut for them; but as my eye wandered round, it fell upon a mysterious-looking turret, perched on the top of a lofty ridge, and surmounted by what I conceived to be a giant teapot, and this at once gave a new channel for my ideas. " Whose tea-gardens are those?" I asked. "Tea-gardens! where?" said Tom. "There!" said I, "where the coffee-pot is." " Coffee-pot! Oh, oh, oh ! ha! ha! ha!" and Tom burst into an immoderate fit of laughter. Nat meanwhile grinning at me sardonically. " Yes," I responded in some- what indignant tones—"Coffee-pot! and what is there to laugh at in that?" "Ha! ha! Oh, Charley, you'll be the death of me! That's a Kangaroo!!" I was thunderstruck. "What I had mistaken for a coffee pot, by reason of my near-sightedness, was in fact a chiselled representation of a kangaroo; and my mis- take had arisen from the very peculiar manner in which the artist had posed his subject and from the way in which he had curled up the animal's caudal appendage so as to afford a very exact model of the spout of a coffee-pot. It may readily be imagined that I had to endure on endless amount of badinage on the subject of the "coffee-pot;" and had it not been for the damping effect of the lagoon, which wetted us all up to the knees in crossing. I don't know when my roasting would have ceased. Having once passed the lagoon, we were thereupon in the terrana incognita borealis of Manly Beach, for that nar- row but knee-deep stream has hitherto formed a barrier insurmountable even to the most enterprising explorers amongst the denizens of Sydney, and has proved a Rubicon to be passed only by some of the residents of the district beyond, and an occasional straggling fisherman whom stress of weather or other accidental cause compels to take the overland route from Broken Bay. Mounting the rocks on the north side of the lagoon, we pass along a paddock fence, and through a slip rail into a very primitive kind of farm yard, with every- thing lying about in the most admirable state of con- fusion. A row of pig-styes lay on our left, but the porkers for whom they were intended appeared to have vacated their lodgings for some time past, in order, no doubt, to give up quiet possession to the troop of merry children, who, chubby, healthy, and laughing, all of them with that peculiar but beautiful silky flaxen hair that marks the young Australian, were making a "play" with bits of china, shells, and other odds and ends, and who peered at us wonderingly through the chinks of the slabs, which walled in their supposititious parlour. On the right was the paddock in which the corn stalks denuded of their cobs stood up like so many gaunt spectres of departed fatness, their few dry and half-withered leaves rattling hoarsely in the breeze as they fell against the hollow stems. In the front was the hut-a true specimen of the old colonial slab edifice; the door barricaded round with iron pots, frying-pans, buckets, and a variety of other utensils, so as to make an entrance difficult, if not impossible; whilst a miscellaneous assortment of all sorts—ploughs, harrows, boilers for pigs' food, &c;, were strewn about in wild disorder, making the search for our roadway an exceedingly complicated matter. To add to our dilemma, the children in the pig-sty set up a wild Indian yell, as we filed past them, and this calling together the dogs of the estab- lishment, we were immediately beset in front, flank, and rear, and, but for the timely arrival of the farmer should have had to beat a precipitate retreat. Under his escort we effected the passage of the farmyard, though not without strong doubts as to the safety of our calves, and long after we had left the dangerous spot behind us, we could hear the Babel-like sounds that proceeded from it, in which the voices of children dogs, and poultry were striving together for the mastery. After crossing the stony ridge which separated us from the lagoon, we came down upon a heavily timbered flat, of fat black soil, but exceedingly damp and swampy; and here we encountered the first of the real natives of the district, for the farmer who had saved us from the dogs was hardly to be regarded in that light, living as he did so close upon the very borders of civilisation. To our friend Tom—who, by the way, is a kind of universal genius, and knows a little of everything we entrusted the task of communicating with the stranger, who, after all, had nothing particularly for- midable about her—for a female we supposed it to be, at all events if the style of dress in the district was similar to that of Sydney. She was evidently a very young, I can hardly say woman, and rode up leisurely —for she was on horseback-eyeing us with a look something between astonishment and amusement. " Good afternoon," said Tom. "Good afternoon," returned the horsewoman, and to my delight in per- fectly good English. " Are we on the road to Pitt Water:" asked Thomas. " Yes," she replied; "straight on." "Straight on !" said I, as I looked forward through the heavy timber amidst which the road turned and twisted in anyway but a straight line. "Yes," responded the damsel, "follow your nose, and take care not to bark it against the trees." With a light laugh, she gave her horse the whip, and cantered on, leaving me thoroughly discomfited. After passing this flat, the road led along some dry stony ridges covered with a rather dense but low scrub, and so continued for some miles with very little change in the appearance of the country through which we were journeying, except when we passed the holding of some small settler, whose hut and clearing formed the only break in the monotony of the scenery. In fact I was surpised to find that even though so near to Manly Beach, and with so much fine rich land around, the number of settlers should be so few. From the Manly lagoon to the bridge over the head of the Deewy lagoon, I do not think we passed more than a half-dozen of farms, and these were only very small holdings, producing nothing beyond corn and pumpkins, and looking just now more like poverty stricken and deserted tenancies than like the pleasant smiling freehold homesteads that the popular orators of the day have pictured to the people, and which the hon. Secretary for Lands desires to see scattered over the country, I was told that one of the reasons for this appearance, as well as for the small number of culti- vation plots, was that the land was so very wet in any- thing like a drooping season-that the soil became too strong and sour to be-cultivated successfully; whilst another reason was one that I argued afterwards very fully with parties highly interested in the question, and to which I shall allude in ita proper place. The Deewy bridge is not a very extensive structure still it is sufiicient for the traffic that passes over it, although it must be somewhat dangerous to cross of a dark night in consequence as well of its narrowness as of the total absence of any handrail or side guards It was all but carried away during the floods of last year, and was so materially injured as to render its passage a matter of considerable danger. It was con- sequently repaired, subscriptions for the purpose having been raised from the inhabitants of the dis- trict , and though an application was made for a por- tion of the funds voted by Parliament for the repair of the road between Manly and Pittwater, it was re- fused, and the cost of the repairs fell entirely upon the settlers themselves, After crossing the Dewy bridge, the road takes round the northern edge of the Deewy lagoon, through a country covered with a pretty close scrub, intersected rather frequently by wallaby tracks, on which the imprint of these animals claws and tail were freshly left As it was getting rather late, and as our swags were now beginning to press rather heavily upon shoulders as yet unaccus- tomed to such a burden, we did not beat up this country very closely, but rather pressed on in order to secure a good camping place for the night After passing for rather more than a mile along the edge of the lagoon, the road takes away to the left, over the point of a broken spur of a range that comes from the west almost down to Deewy and then by a series of gentle ascents leads up to the station of Miss Jenkins. This is a most beautifully situated homestead. The house, lying slightly back from the road, is nestled in at the foot of a lofty and thickly timbered range, and has a beautiful look out to the north, south and east, over the Pacific and over many of the bold headlands that breast its mighty rollers. This property includes a very large number of paddocks, all inclosed, but none of them bearing any appearance of having been cultivated for some years past. In fact, the road for a considerable distance passes be- tween fences on either side, though, from the absence of cultivation and even of stock—for not a beast was to be seen cropping the herbage which grew thick and rank in the inclosures-the tout ensemble of the scene, whilst picturesque and interesting, was one entirely of quiet life, impressing upon the mind a greater feeling of solitude than was experienced even in the thickest and least frequented gullies of the bush. House, yards, paddocks, all scorned deserted and lonely , no smoke curled up from the chimney, no dog barked in the yard, no shrill challenge was sent forth to us by bold chanticleer, the only evidence of life about the place being some article of apparel, which, fluttering from a clothes-line, showed that somebody waa, at all events, sometimes there I can assure you that I looked with something very much like sorrow at these fine paddocks that were thus allowed to lie not only unused, but useless, and I determined within my self before I came back to get to the bottom of why this was so frequently the case. But the evening was now drawing on apace, and the sun had long since sunk down behind the high range of hills which lay only some three hundred yards to the left of the road, so, after one more survey of the magnificent panorama of sea and coast that extended to our right, we passed on our way, and turning round the corner of what may perhaps be termed the home paddock of the property, we came upon a large extent of cleared ground, in which some few years back maize had evidently been grown, as the small hills that had been made round the plants were still easily per- ceptible We had scarcely entered upon this clearing than a sound of horse's feet behind us caused us to look round, and at a glance we recognised the female denizen of the district, whom we had encoun- tered in the afternoon She had evidently been to Manly for supplies, and had her horse freighted with several well filled bags, which she managed to keep in order, and the same time to maintain her seat with perfect ease and nonchalance Of course, Tom had few words to say, en passant, to the fair equestrienne, but I, remembering my rebuff of the previous part of the day, very wisely hold my tongue Nat, how- ever, would not let me off, for with a savage grin he stroked himself down the nose, winked at the girl, nodded towards me, and said, "All safe." This, of course, elicited a smile at my expense, but as man was born to suffer, I put up with it, though I dropped sulkily to the rear Our fair fellow-traveller, how- ever, had not passed us more than a couple of hundred yards than we suddenly saw her horse make some extraordinary and eccen- tric movements, turning round and round in a very circumscribed circle, occasionally giving a slight lift to his hind quarters, that very disagreeably affected the bags and sent some of the smaller ones flying in all directions He then took the bit in his teeth and darted off to the left of the road, as if with the inten- tion of scaling the mountains, comporting himself meanwhile in such boisterous style as to render it necessary for his rider to give all her attention to her- self. Thus the bags being left to take care of them- selves, banged about the horse's sides, the more vigo- rously as he curvetted the higher, until with a final effort he got rid of them all. A brief struggle now took place between the horse and the rider, in which the former was very quickly forced to succumb. Having conquered him, the young girl quietly jumped off his back, commenced collecting the lighter articles of her load, and was about to get the heavier bags, when our party came up and relieved her from her difficulty. It appeared that the horse had a sore wither, and by some means the saddle had got forward until it pressed upon the wound, and made the ani- mal restive. Amongst us, however, we soon put the saddle right, gathered up the loading, packed it safely on the horse, mounted the equestrienne once more, and started her on the road homewards By this time, the shades of evening were fast closing in, and we at once made our way to the foot of the ranges which, as I have said, lay only some three hundred yards to the left or west of the road, and in one of the gulleys falling down from them we found a running stream of delicious water Here, then, we determined to make our camp for the night (To be continued) Tin MISLSI oi KVOWIFDOF-Iho truth is that most men want knowledgo not for itself, but for the I superiority which knowledgo confers, and tho means thoy employ to securo this superiority aro as wrong as tho I ultimate object for no man can ovei ond with being I supcrioi who will not begin with being inferior PVNS -I ha\o very littlo to say about puns tho\ aro in \ cry bad repute, and so thoy ought to bo Iho wit of languago is so miserably inferior to tho wit of ideas, that it is very deservedly dn\on out of good company Some- times, indeed, a pun makes its appoaranco whioh sectus for a moment to redeem its species, but wo must not bo dectn ed bj them it is a radically bad raco of wit You aro wanting in courngo whon you flee from the goddess of Truth, and sock for protection beneath tho folds of self interest GKACP is _\SF -Grace is cither the beauty of motion, or tho beauty of poBturo Graceful motion is motion with- out difficulty or embarrassment, or that which, from ex- perience wo know to bo connected with mgonuoua niodestj, a desire to liicreaso tho happiness of othors, or any beautiful moral fooling A person walks up a long room, observed by a great number of indiuduals, and pijshis respects as a gentleman ought to do -why is ho graceful > Because e\er> movement of his body inspires jeu with somo pleasant feeling ho has tho freo and unembarrassed use of lus hinbs, lus motions do not indicato forward boldness or irrational timidity ,-tho outward signs perpetually indicato agrceablo qualities Iho same ex- planation applies to graco posture and attitude that is a gTacoful attitudo wluch mdicatos an absence of restraint and facility, which is tho sign of agrceablo qualities of mind apart from such Indications, one attitudo I should conccivo to be quito as graceful-as another SUM IMITA oi ENDURANCE-I am going to saj rather an odd thing, but I cannot help thinking that the sovero and rigid economy of a man in distress has somothing in it ?very sublime especially if it bo endured for any length of timo serenely and m silence I remember a very striking mstaneo of it m a 'v oung man, amco dead, ho was tho son of a country curate, who had got-him a berth on board a man of war, us nudshipman The poor curate made a great effort for his son, fitted hhu out well with clothe1!, and ga\e him fifty pounds in money Tho first woek, tho poor boj lost his chest, clothes, monoy und o%ery thing ho had in tho world Iho ship sailed for a foroign station, and his loss w as without romedy Ho immediately quitted hw mess, ceased to associate with tho other midshipmen, who were the sons of gentlemen, and for fho years, without mentioning it to his parents-who ho knew could not assist him,-or without borrowing a farthing from anv human boing, without a singlo muimur or complaint, did that pool lad enduro the most abject and degrading po\crty, al t period of life when tho feelings aro most ali\o lo ndicule, and the appetites most prono to indulgence Now, I confess I am a mighty ad\ocato for the sublimity ot such long and patient endurance If you can mako tho woildbtareand look on, there j ou ha\o vamh, or com- passion, to bupport you but to bury all vourwrotchedness in j our own mind,-to resoh o that you will hav o no man s pih, w hüo j ou ha\ o one effort left to procuro his respect, to liai hour no mean thought in the midst of abject poverty, but, at the ver) timo you aro surrounded b\ circumstances of humanity and depression, to found a Bpint of modest in- dependence upon the consoiousneBS of hawng always acted well -this is a sublime, which, though it is found m the shado and retirement ofhfo ought to bo hold up to the praise* of men, and to bo looked upon as a noblo niodol tor IT IS duo that wo think moro of tho Past and the ruturo (han of tho Pi osent, »ocklessof iho fact that the dospised present changes into tho admired past, and tho fond future into the unattractn e preheat 