METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. (From the Liverpool'Atbiçn.) London, Saturday Evening, December 15. THE maternal parent who disconsolately proceeded to the joiner's to purchase a coffin for her lately deceased multitudinous progeny, and on her return found the youngsters in a state of uproarious hilarity is a type of the British, public to-day, or at least what they will be to-morrow, when they come to know all in te Pekin the most perilous China-shop Bull ever got his head into. That he has now got his head out, horns of dilemma and all, demonstrates beyond doubt that the way to obtain somebody's luck and our own is to have impudence enough to dare anything anti care for nothing, past, present, or to come-an edifying maxim for a pre-eminently Christian people, and their bishop-making leader certainly. Sagacious was that Gaul whose shibboleth of success was summed up in the triplex, iteration-Audaee, audace, et toujours Vaudace! Did Civis Romance repeat this war-whoop to the dove-discoursing Gladstone and the pigeon-cooing Gibson at this evening's cabinet council, during whose sittings the Cni nese tidings were so and Celestial that even the Premier himself must have been cured of his scepticism concerning original sin ? If he did so speak, then indeed must Argyll have been confirmed in this double-sighted Highland suspicion that his chief is a warlock (or whatever be the Scotch for necromancer), and is is rapport with bogies, bogies, brownies, wraiths, pixies, elves, gnomes, gins, rays, and all other spectral etceteras,, including Messrs. John U'Lantem and William Wise. For hardly had ministers, who had gone home with a nightmare each, and the Chancellor of the Exchequer probably with a couple, arrived at the witching hour when churchyards and place men yawn, than an irruption of electric lamps burst out of their submarine city telegraph offices into the west end, in a cab a piece [probably three cabs a piece at the rate they ran and the clatter they kicked up], and commenced a terrific tattoo on the knocker of every hall door of every leading member of Government, demanding instantaneous admittance on behalf of the crown, and half-a-crown for demanding it, which was only fare. Unwelcome as was their coming, what they came about was welcome enough. Even Villiers, doziest of mankind except his noble brother, must have been delighted to be roused when he learnt that tranquillity had been restored for Charley, had probably before going to sleep been swearing an oath or two at Bowring, author of all the mischief, and rejoicing, as only a bachelor of the Albany knows how, that the old fire- brand had got an arrow in his rib worse than forty lorchas-namely, a new bride at seventy. Not the bride, but the bridegroom, being threescore and, ten, which is two score and a half too many for any man to commit matrimony and then he should do it in a strait- waistcoat, and spend the honeymoon in Hanwell, so as to get used to craziness at once. Doubtless, at the council this evening, the Duke of Somerset, who isn't much of a wag, and - looks as if he would cat-o'-nine-tai) anyone that is let off the family Sheridan joke [Campbell would tell him it was stolen from Swift], about the man who was ruined by winning a chancery 'suit, applying the illustration to our possession of Pekin. Bos Grace, who. hated the wax from its beginning in falsehood, will be particularly pleased with its, end, though accompanied with les. Bains a conscientious man in his way, it is to be hoped he will hand over the coals, as that surprising Worcestershire navigator, Sir. Columbus 'Langton, would say, those sons of sea-cooks at the Admiralty , who yesterday, spun , such unutterable yarns about unmentionable atrocities inflicted by the Chinese on the English' prisoners," returned and retained. \- It is a fact, that these tales were in circula- tion early yesterday, and all day long, and to-day toe; and the only a course they could be,, traced to was certain runners about the aforesaid doomed edifice within the ' courtyard at Charing- cross. It might have been thought that the thrice proved mendacity of the recent legends as to other eastern mutilations would have rendered impossible any further inventiveness of sanguinary prudence. But not so and that, it is not so may furnish the Bishop of Oxford with the wherewithal for another discourse on the danger of familiarising the national , mind with abominations of this sort as one of the consequences of lawlessness in such regions. One would give much to know; what change took place in the Foreign Secretary's sentiments or sensations between the termination of the council this evening, full of forebodings of the-worst; and deploring his inconsistency in now being engaged red-handed in that whose bloody issue he had so lately denounced, and the time of his being roused to-night to learn the bright news is that all is halcyon tranquility at the Summer Palace, whither ? the Son of the Sun and Brother-in-law of the Moon was returning in radiance, with nineteen squadrons of mandarins, each with one and twenty tails-between their legs of course, and importuning the British lion not to wag his own caudal appendage too vigorously; now that it lions and lambs are to lay down together on the i Flowery Land, in eternal amity warranted to last ' three months. Curious also is it to speculate on the Foreign Secretary's astonishment, for of course he whom nothing surprises must have been astounded to-night, on receiving Pekin particulars to the 5th of November auspicious anniversary of Guy Fawkes and Durham Letter ! How did the greased lightning conveying this news come? Via St. Petersburg-a fact than which none more suggestive could be addressed to British ear if the said ear were not too will of wool, or at least of cotton, to hearken to sounds pregnant with portent of incomparable significance.' lost probably,, however, the only augury the noble lord. will draw from it, as a compli- ment to himself in regard to some Little Peddlinyton personnel adjustments in his department, as affecting the locale in question, where the living spirit of Neseebrode gives ever-increasing embodiment to the posthumous behest of Peter -that the Russian eagle should keep one eye perpetually turned towards the rising sun, and thereby be able to wink at what is going on in the opposite direction, and never half so favourably for the bird's purpose as at this moment. The hubbub now going on about Lord John s hig- gledy-piggledy shopping and changes in our corps fiiplomatu¡ut was foreshadowed here some six months ago. On the presentation to the Queen, at the last drawing room, of Lady Crampton, then lately Miss Balfe, it was stated, in this correspondence, that the absence of her husband from St. Petersburg would be acceptable to the ruling powers in. that hyperborean andnyperfastidious metropolis of personal punctilio; inasmuch as the petticoated polka tying potentialities of the Hermitage and the Winter Palace didn't relish yielding the part of precedence to the British ambas- address, whom they had paid a rouble a head to hear warbling ' This magic wove scarf," "Take now this ring," and paternal light-of-other-day comrades, a short time previously. A courtly chronicler was instructed to ridicule this assertion, and did so accordingly ; with what correctness is now made evident by the transfer of Crampton to the much less cramped court of Madrid, where the free and easy t Isabella, worthy chip of the Christina block, keeps open house for all corners Without fears of the pedarita,and prides of the Almanac de Gotha before her eyes, and disdainful of those hidalgofied traditions which record (how a certain King; of Spain was suffered to be burnt to death in his arm chair because none of the grandees present were of sufficient rank to extinguish, his majesty, and prevent him being carbonized into a cinder. Lady G. it is to be hoped will find herself at home in the Escurial, which, being constructed in the form of a gridiron, must necessarily abound in bars, and' therefore should be most musical as well as melancholy. Through those bara the Irish sVreh ought to be able, without grating, to sing Jfoore's Castilian Maud Remember the days in La Manche" s green shade ina style that, would soften the Rock, of Gibraltar, which her spouse will find a rock ahead he little wars of; more difficult than did his father, the Dublin surgeon, find that neuralgic twinge in Clarendon's cerebellum [result of too much Birch and tobacco], the curing whereof no animal magnetized the viceroy that she committed metempsychosis, and transmogrified young Gallipot into an ambassador extraordinary-Very ; the enlistment business in America being nearly as bright a stroke of stupidity as Clarendon's own double Bolgrod stupefaction at Paris. When it was decided to move Crampton, other removals became necessary 1 and hence those alterations now going on, and of which Finality seems destined never to hear the end from the blackballed of Blackfriars, who appears determined to act on the Hibernian axiom that there are many ways of hanging a dog besides drowning him, and that if you can't convict a man charged with manslaughter, it will be all the same if you bring him in guilt of sheep stealing. It is rather strange, however, that to-day's raid upon Russell should be in favour of Sir A. Buchanan, who is elevated to the rank of martyr because of being transposed from Madrid to the Hague the minister at the latter Court, Lord Napier, being destined for St. Petersburg, where he was before, in a minor capacity i-minor capacity indeed, in every sense, as the knowing northerns very well knew and hence their eagerness to have him back again, as his weak egotism, or rather strong egotism and weak judgment, rendered him the very man to be moulded to their purposes, as so many of his predecessors have been, Stratford de Redcliffe not included; and why not send him Good reason why; but reason not to be told for it would be unintelligible, unless accompanied by what would be unbelievable A fuss is kicked up now for the first time about the injustice of placing one diplomatist over the head of another, out of the order of seniority and merit. Rather late in the day such re- monstrance and perhaps the less the matter is probed the better for the object of the probed who may cause disclosures that would astonish him, just as a rat hunt in a Dutch dyke jeopardises the flooding of a province, to use the once familiar Canning meta- i phor. Fifty times these ten years, in' this column, has attention been significantly called to the unprecedented promotion of a fifth-rate man from a fifth- ! rate place, Cowley from Frankfort, to a first-class status, the top of the diplomatic tree, Paris and it has been asked as often why' and how that phenomenon occurred The answer, if it could be given in extenso, would furnish the key to the secret history of Europe during all that time, and for a considerable time to come too and it would explain the riddle of his remaining in Paris notwithstanding all the changes of cabinets here and there, and notwithstanding his notorious unpopularity with his own countrymen in the French capital, through his niggardly appropria- tion to himself of the funds assigned for the hospitalities of the embassy, as well as his lack of all the external and mental attributes proper to such a post. As for his imputed ability, it, is the merest moonshine, reflected" by friendly puffers, who are all man amicable scarcely conscious conspiracy to land a person who seems to do the work of all because he is involuntarily doctored into the doing of that abroad which makes things pleasant for all at home, meaning by all the outs, the ins and the coming-ins of Downing-street. It there could have been the faintest question of his mediocrity before, it was self-demolished last session by his arrival here post-haste, to answer Normanby in person, in the ears when he made the most dismal exhibition of collapse and confusion, in a prepared speech he tried to read for he entirely broke down in the attempt to speak it, ever witnessed in parliament, the public, however, being none the wiser, for the fiasco was hushed up in the papers, and politeness forbade any allusion to it in the scene of its occurrence. When, therefore virtuous indignation is simulated on the score of Buchanan versus Bull, it would be well to get up a little of the same commodity in the shape of Bull versus Cowley. If the ears of the former animal were not becomingly elongated to unparagoned length, it is impossible he could be affronted- with the trash there is being put forward about the necessity of raising certain British missions abroad to the dignity of embassies, in order that our representatives may always claim audience of sovereigns they are accredited to and hence St. Petersburg, Berlin, and Vienna are now all ranked in the first class with Paris and Constantinople. As if to satirised this solemn farcically, so much in keeping with the stupendous total at the Foreign-office who originated it, the Russian minister here is raised, or to be raised, to an ambassador. Really there ought to be an order of Saint Joseph Miller, and! Brunow should be a grand cross, nay, grand master. This is the Baron's doing. His fine Romanoff hand is clearly perceptible in it. None other would be adequate to that pompous "hoaxabüity ' so characteristic of the stolid noodleized' English public, and which causes the enlightened (British community, to walk into any trap that is baited With respectability," or even with a decent looking counterfeit of that all-alluring commodity., Every- body who has the smallest cognisance of such matters knows that for twenty years Brunow has had the run of all our offices, from the Treasury to the Tower from Weedon to Woolwich; from the India House to the ' Admiralty, at all times and seasons, and that there is no time' unseasonable for his talking to any- body-ndevfrybody, how, when, where, and upon what he likes.. He great rush, as often explained here, is to share the rollicking ; Englishman to be twice as British as the native, whose language he talks it all the dialects of Cockneydem, from theorising the mincing Mantal'nis of the Alfred to the growl of the bargee of Rotherhithe- slapping his acquaintance on the back, as if with a flail, and shaking him by the hand, as if with a blacksmith's vice, in the stage manner of Speed the Plough and the old comedies pretending to be frank and straightforward above all things, because he knows that an English-: an will stand no humbug was, whereas as the crafty Livonian is right well aware, humbug is the very thing an Englishman will stand and that humbug is as necessary to his existence as water to fish, desires to attorneys, suicide to coroners or tears for the dear departed to an inconsolable widow about to many a third husband with the intention of burying him. Knowing all this, the baron affects to be anxious for an elevation to equality with the headless Cerberus, the brainless triumvirate-Napier, Loftus, and Bloomfield-who keep watch for poor hoodwinked Britannia on the Neva, the Danube, and the horse The latter being the rightly-named rivulet, for the very gudgeons therein must laugh at the, notion of Prussians being caught by a man who is sent to Berlin because he is deputy-lieutenant of Tipperary ! If that isn't the reason, what is You' pause for a reply. PauSe on till doomsday, and the answer won't come, however you may wish you may get it. 'I Paws off?" will be the futile cry long ere then. Whose paws' Bruin's. That is the real Jknglieh for Brnnow's, the velvet of whose pass has hitherto kept concealed the claw beneath from nearly all eyes save three pair, namely-these in the present head of the state, those in the head that earned the brains of, the Derby, cabinet, and those in that head which is now a death's head, and which the first of these three heads once called antiquated imbecility, to wit, Aberdeen's. His were the most penetrating of all optics for they saw from the beginning into the middle of every iceberg, but, black, converted their perception to small account on behalf of the blind. Whynot? Thereby hangs a tale the most wondrous ever told in modern times, or probably in ancient times either ; but the recital would be regarded as more preposterous than Muncnausen's, truth being the only thing which provokes incredulity in an age that believes in Reuter and Planchette. Who is Planchette. It isn't a who, but a what ? Well, what is it Some- thing so diabolic that it should be reserved for a Christmas ghost. story of forty- Scrooge power of coagulating the blood with apparitional trepidation. " Stuff on the brain ! ' ' Yes, and staff of the body, too ; such stuff as hasn't been seen or heard of, in these latitudes at least, since Friar Bacon's head, which it somewhat resembles ; it is a mechanical contrivance that summonses spirits from the vasty deep, or the bottomless pit, but, unlike those conjured by Gladstone, " they do come when you do call them," per Planchette. All the table-turning, rapping, trances, reading with the elbows, writing with the soles of the feet, floating in the air, and the rest of the biological both, are nothing to it, for it is self-acting. Man, woman, and child may, on the instant, evoke the de- maniac intelligence that pertains to it, and which it expresses in the plainest manner, without the least ambiguity or circumlocution ; not by taps, or noises, or symbols of any sort ; but in a good bold hand, of its own, so that he who runs may read and a good many run- who do read-run mad ; as well they may. It is in hundreds of hands here, but every mouth is closed about it; fearing the world's dread laugh,", but the world that, the ladies and gentle men of, this world will laugh at the wrong side of their own mouths on becoming acquainted with the astounding and' appalling stranger, shaped like a heart, and entering, one's kidney in a way that mothers in perpetual spleen a bad liver brought to light. 'Beelzebub; of course, is the original inventor, but the other "ge'ntíejínah, Bonaparte, took out, the! patent and after having used it for his own purpose in deciphering the future and reading his " star," has now thrown it open to the public, who are availing of it extensively, at least the British public are, to the writer's certain knowledge, and in a fashion only one degree less staggering than the thing itself. The reader will look upon this as nonsense and so it is for no such sense was ever known before and it is such as well may knock every one of the ordinary seven senses out of us, as it has done with several individuals who have hitherto passed for Solomons with deters persons of more than average astuteness, natural and cultivated. Enough of this subterranean subject for the present ; so revert we to Aberdeen, whose demise diminishes most materially the few Palace-yard port traits there were worth showing to country cousins, some, half-dozen now being all that one would think of exhibiting, the rest " chaff and bran, chaff and bran' as Sir Pandraus says to Cressid when the real notabilities had crossed the stage, and the ruck comes on. There is a pen at work at this moment which, might point the moral of the Earl's life and adorn the warn- ing tale. of his death, if he who wields it would but I dip it in the well of truth as fearlessly as he did in regard to the villanies of Villafranca. Eothen Kinglake is engaged in treating of the causes that led to the Crimean war. 'Will he go back to the causes which rendered it impossible that war could ever be other than the sham it proved, and which those acquainted with these causes knew and said, as was said incessantly here, that it must prove a Will he explain the studied concealment from the country of that elaborate exposition, of Muscovite views, by the autocrat himself, in person in England, to the British Ministry, which the disgusted and indignant Czar himself made public when ignorance was pretended to his intentions? Will Kinglake follow up that mystery which Layarcl was so, intent upon unravelling till he became a " Maintopman of the Agamemnon," and learned the discretion of patriotically treasonous blinking discoveries, namely, how the substance and very words of certain momentous Kremlinised despatches appeared as leading articles in London newspapers before the receipt of the documents themselves by the functionaries they were addressed to in England ? Let the member for Bridgewater grapple but with these? two points alone, and he need go no further. The Earl is said to have had great antipathy to any son of his taking part in politics and certainly the part the eldest,did'fake was quite sufficient to justify the paternal prescient prejudice on that head, There has been seldom more sinking silliness ' than' Haddo's hullabaloo about model unblushing ladies in an Evangelical condition of no fig-leaf being transferred to glowing gambouged canvas," such objection to under aged graces on the score of gracelessness being particularly ungracious in. a young gentleman taught from infancy to regard knee buckles for Highlanders as a most superfluous piece of history, and whose papa imported those Elgin Marbles. wherein both pantaloons and petticoats are pre-eminently conspicuous from their absence. The fourth son, Arthur, some time member for Berwick, but who resigned to accompany Gladstone on that nnti-TJlyssean expedition for squaring; the circle in. the Ionian Islands, gave some" good votes, and made a passable speech or two, while in Parliament ; but there is no doubt he was a "bit of, a goose, saved from being a whole one because being somewhat of the Solon breed. Of the second son; commonly called Sandy Gordon, it is sufficient to say that he had such a genius' for blundering as almost to distance rivalry in stupidity and concert in all the T bemuddlem.cut of Balaklava. There was quartermaster-generalship shone out with a lustre of stultification which must have been received by his father's a' friend of forty years," Czar Nicholas, as a touching tribute of private esteem, nearly equal to the sparing of Odessa by the grandson of Simon Count Woronzoff, Sidney Herbert, who said, with truly Tartar simplicity, during the war, " We are of accord with our enemy but not with our ally Zanthus letting the cat out of the bag in a way that must have exasperated the Bear, only Bull was too zanyfied to profit by the Balaam revealment. Aberdeen's third son is a clergyman and though of the English, not of the Scotch church, followed the path his father most approved of; for the Earl appears, to have been of the same way of thinking M the gmt Duke of Shrewsbury, who said that he would' rather" bring up his son as a cobbler than a courtier, or ula hangman than a statesman. This was that Talbot who is reputed to have been the only one of hisses and faith, who wits ever converted by theology apart from interest, to the reformed.] creed! Tillotson having persuaded him that his hereditary; tenets were untenable. The wisdom of this world however, went with the inducements of the next for the Duke, on deserting James the Second, was laden with honours by, William, who called himtKinr of Hearts:- in reference to his fascination;- whjèbAI manifested by, winning the affections of Queen's Park. who would have married, him had he ouuivtdlïér royal husband;, made him lord.Ueutenantiofnive counties, ambassador to France, and viceroy of Ire- land ; tod'duWftérdgnóf Anne, and' narcotic reign of George, the First, was the most enviable tut least envied man of mark is the kingdom. Yet not withstanding all this extraordinary fortune, added to <he.r?Te«î.?,ît; of nature such was his experience of political life that he said what has been cited j more £kdut0vWÎ!atJh,ex.1ro^d? Feb 5 heir, if he had one which he hadn't; Probably the heiress. Palmerston may say the same thing ere he die and if he do, it will be something like a proper requital of the base worshippers of his success during the latter part of A NOVEL DEFENCE At the Beechworth General Sessions, reported in the Constitution, a man named James Bailey was informed against for stealing 3 lbs. of tobacco. Prisoner made a rather novel defence. He said he could not have stolen the tobacco, because at the time it was stolen he was busy at Bendigo stealing a spring cart, as would be shown by the Gazette. The Gazette being referred to, the cart appeared to have been stolen on the 2nd December, RETIREMENT OF CAPTAIN PASLEY, REED-The Melbourne Herald reports A number of gentlemen assembled on the 25th ultimo at the Crown Lands Office, for the purpose of presenting a testimonial to Captain Pasley, who is about to leave Victoria for England. Captain, Pasley's gallant service in New Zealand, and his official career' in this colony, were recognised by a gift of £250, which was presented to him by Sir Francis Murphy, on behalf of the subscribers. I i . j . Sir HENRY BARKLY, K.C.B.-Rumour has it that Sir Henry Barkly intends proceeding home on the expiration of his term of office. The date of his appointment was the 9th of October, 1856, and he assumed office on the 30th December in the same year. As his appointment was for five years, his term will be upon the 9th of October next Melbourne Herald. 