NEWS AND NOTES. BY A SYDNEY MAN. CLXXVIII. DURING two days we have had practical illustrations of "the seasons," in all their variety, intensity, and extremity. Tuesday was one of the hottest days ever felt, out of the naughty place. The wind blew a sirocco, almost, and even on the water where some of us rushed for relief, the hot breath of the westerly breeze was far from pleasant. On the Parramatta River the water was boiling, and it was no uncommon thing to see the natives of those parts regaling themselves on naturally boiled fish found floating on the surface. These latter particulars I have been told, but I will not risk my well-earned reputation for veracity for the fact. In short, it was hot. But after five o'clock we had a thunderstorm, and by twelve at night a cold wind was blowing furiously from the south. And yesterday, to make things complete, a downpour of rain commenced, continuing through the night. To-day we have another change—moist atmosphere and a hot sun shining through it.. The Yarra Yarra brought us news of a few incidents worth some notice, one of which was the squabble at Drayton, over the dead body—a memento mori that certainly ought to have had some effect in teaching official humility. " Take this to my lady's chamber, and tell her that, though she may paint never so thick, to this favor she must come at last." If I am right as to the un- fortunate deceased, I can remember when, on first landing in Brisbane, such a fate seemed hardly probable for her. And then the 'decaying corpse, and civic and post mortem authority ready to come to handi- grips as to who should bury it! So in- structive—so refreshing! Surely the Mayor was quite right, under the circum- stances, in looking to sanitary precautions. As to the Ipswich blackfellow who has been trying to emulate Black Harry, it is to be hoped that if he is not yet grabbed, the government will offer a thumping reward for him. These are the cases which lead to worse, and, as a matter of public polity, the shooting or hanging of such a "child of the soil" would be decidedly commendable. Sippey began in this way, and the murders on the Hunter were the consequences. By-the-bye, this black rascal of ours is still lying in Maitland Gaol. His execution is fixed for the 6th of November, but no certainty exists that he will get his desert on that day, as Mr. Ryan Brennan is said to have made that case the one on which especially to found his proceed- ings in objecting to the Sheriff's commission. And so Dr. Lang has been "colloquing" with Mr. Fortescue and Mr. March, and does not altogether approve of the Duke of New- castle! So I gather from his letter in the Courier, detailing the results of his pro- ceedings on your behalf in England. Well! I can only say that Mr. Fortescue is a man of exactly the same turn of mind as Mr. Marsh—not by any means a bad man per- sonally, but the reverse; but at the same time ready to take any unscrupulous means of advancing exclusive and aristocratic pre- tensions in these colonies; while the Duke of Newcastle is, beyond all com- parison, the best Colonial Secretary we ever had, at least of late years. Through- out the whole of the land contest he has stood between the great bulk of the people, and those who have been striving to make themselves territorial Lords. If Dr. Lang would be glad to see the Duke re- moved to India, I am sure that there are scores of large run-holders who entertain the same views; but I hope that there is "no fear" of it. Take up any English paper you will, of extreme conservative views, and you will find the Duke of Newcastle, where ever he is mentioned, abused, vilified, and ridiculed—a fact that tells its own tale, and may be taken by us in connection with his bold, statesmanlike, and manly despatches on the land question. If the present Colo- nial Secretary commits blunders, it is chiefly at the instance of the colonial Governors, to whose suggestions he is bound to pay some attention; but even they do not often succeed in blinding him. I fear that Dr. Lang has not exercised his usual judgment in applauding Fortescue and denouncing Newcastle. As to the latter going to India, you are aware that our latest intelligence says that Lord Elgin is to have that "billet." The Northam cleared the heads at about three o'clock on Tuesday afternoon, with a strong westerly breeze. She takes home our new land acts, but very few passengers from this quarter. I regret to say that H.M.S. Cordelia has returned to New Zealand from Ysabel Isand, without discovering any trace of Captain Brown's little boy, who was carried off by the natives there some months ago. Indeed it could hardly have been expected that the search would be successful, for it now appears that Capt. Hume had not with him a single person who understood the lan- guage of the natives, though the Bishop of Melanesia accompanied him, and was able to make out some slight portions of what the aborigines said. Not a word could be gathered respecting the boy, or the attack on Capt. Brown's vessel. It stands to reason that Brown himself ought to accompany any expedition that should hope for success, and that gaudy ornaments and money should be freely offered for the restitution of the child. A shocking event occurred yesterday at Campbelltown. A Mr. Pardoe, well known here as keeping a public house known as the Cricketers' Arms, in Elizabeth- street, facing Hyde Park, put a period to his existence by shooting himself. The man was about one of the last in Sydney that would have been expected to commit such an act. Young, apparently healthy, with a good business, and every indication of prosperity; of a strong and rather boisterous temperament, and to all appearance without the slightest touch of sentiment or imagination. How- ever, he has shuffled off his mortal coil, and and some people now say that he was in pecuniary difficulties. Here is the report from Campbelltown:— Early this morning (23rd October) a ru- mour spread through the town that a man was found dead near a creek, about a quarter of a mile from the railway station, which, unfor- tunately, proved but too true. It appears the body was discovered by two persons who were eel-fishing, and who at once gave the police intimation of the matter. Mr. Johnson, our active chief constable, was quickly at the place indicated. From the appearance of the body, it would seem as if the deceased had shot himself while sitting or kneeling; there was a small common single-barrel pistol clutched in the right hand; the hand was a little soiled from the powder; he discharged - the pistol at his throat, and the ball is supposed to have remained in the head. Death must have been almost in- stantaneous, as from the position of the body, it is judged the fatal bullet took immediate effect. Mr. Johnson searched for some clue to identification, and found in the pocket of the deceased a bill for modicum, addressed to ———— Pardoe, Esq.' The chief constable telegramed to the medical practitioner, and succeeded in discovering that the unfortunate deceased was Mr. Pardoe, keeper of the Cricketers' Arms, Elizabeth-street, Sydney. In the course of the day, the deceased was also identified by two gentlemen, to whom he was known in Sydney, For further informa- tion, I send you an account of Mr. Pardoe's brief, but fatal visit to Campbelltown. On Monday evening he came here by train, and had tea at the Forbes' Hotel; he afterwards to be accommodated with, a bed, he was informed there was not a bed to spare, but one in a double-bedded room; he said he would pay for both beds himself if he got the room, but was told one had already been en gaged; he then loft for Mr. Levey's, Cumber- land Hotel, where he also appeared particu- lar about having a room to himself; he was so suited in the Cumberland Hotel, and next morning had breakfast there. A short time afterwards ho was observed to go into the paddock opposite the railway station; no- thing further was known of him until this morning, when his remains were discovered in the manner already alluded to. The spot the unfortunate deceased chose for his despe- rate purpose was hard by a creek, and shaded from observation by a clump of low shrubs. There was nothing in his conduct while at either hotel to excite suspicion, or anything to lead to the inference that his mind was ill at ease. It is quite evident, however, that he was deliberately intent on putting an end to his existence, as he must have brought the pistol from Sydney; nor is it improbable that he intended to have shot himself in the hotel, though he jurist have afterwards given up that idea. The body yet lies where it was found, waiting to be officially identified by his friends. I presume a coroner's inquest will be held on the body to-morrow. The melancholy occurrence has cast a gloom over our town. I may add that the deceased looked about thirty years of age, and was well, if indeed not fashionably attired. Since writing the above, the remains have been re- moved to the lock-up. Our parliamentary lights are getting on slowly with the business. The Chinese Bill has passed the Lords with slight amend- ments, but their lordships have struck out of the Gold Fields Bill the clause prohibiting Chinamen on gold- fields, and of this the Commons will have to consider. The Treasurer is expected to make his financial statement to-night, and it will be well if he is more successful than the Victorian government, who, a telegram informs us, are expected to be defeated on the Budget. The Publicans' Bill is still crawling through committee, where, I expect, it will have to go back again, for the collective wisdom has made a frightful hash of it. The Speaker, Mr. Murray, stands at pre- sent in an awkward and embarrassing position. His letter to the Colonial Secre- tary, asking an increase of pay, is a strange document, and has been freely criticised. It seems to say, positively, that the office of Speaker should be one of profit. No doubt it is so in England; but I fancy that Mr., Murray's almost imploring tone, and his reference to a member "the least gifted in point of fortune," but eminently qualified "in education, intellectual attainments, and all other qualities," place him in rather a ridiculous light. However, I give you the letter. The increase asked for is from £1200 to £1500 salary, and a new sum of £400 for house-rent. The proposal is almost sure to be rejected, and if so, I presume that Murray will resign. It would be difficult to conjec- ture who is likely to be his successor, in that event:— "Sydney, September 7. "SIR,—The disadvantageous position in which I am placed, as Speaker of the Legis- lative Assembly, in comparison with that of my predecessors in office, induce me to ad- dress you on my own behalf, as well as on that of any of my successors who may happen to be similarly circumstanced with myself. "My predecessors were all residents either in the city or its immediate neighbourhood, and their election to the office of Speaker scarcely added anything to their ordinary expenditure. "My case has been different. Placed in the chair by the unanimous voice of the house, I readily assumed the responsibility of that position. But having no town resi- dence of my own, I feel though fully sensible of the distinguished honor conferred upon me, that, in a pecuniary point of view, I am a loser by the office. "Several years ago, I pointed out in the Legislative Council, that, as the Speaker's allowances then stood, and they, have not been altered since, the possession of a town residence was virtually one of the essential qualifications for the office, and that no one could aspire to it, however eligible in other respects, if he did not possess this qualifica- tion. "Sir Charles Nicholson was Speaker at that time. He was succeeded by Sir Daniel Cooper, but in the case of neither of these gentlemen was it necessary to make any change. "It is clear, however, that a member the least gifted in point of fortune, may, in educa- tion, intellectual attainments, and all other essential qualities, be the most eligible of all to take the chair of the House as Speaker. And it is surely advisable that the emolu- ments should be such as would render it un- necessary for a man so qualified to decline it, through the apprehensions of its exposing him to pecuniary loss. "As the House has since unanimously elected me as its Speaker, I have no hesita- tion in assuming the responsibility of bring- ing this matter under the consideration of the government; and, on my own behalf, as well as on that of those who may succeed me, I make this application for such increased allowance as may enable those who may be elected to the office of Speaker, to fill it with- out any necessary drain on their own pecu- niary resources. "For myself, I may refer to an unbroken career in the legislature of this country, since the first establishment of representative in- stitutions—now nearly nineteen years ago— to show that I have never suffered myself to be influenced in the course I have taken, by mere private or personal considerations. But I do not think that it is at all unreasonable to request that the salary of the Speaker should be placed on an equal footing with those of the Secretaries of Lands, Works, and Finance; and that he should also receive an allowance for house-rent, or that a house should be provided for him. "I may mention, that such a provision as this is made in several of the colonies, that in the plans for our new house of parliament apartments are provided for the Speaker, and that the Speaker of the House of Commons receives not only a munificent salary and other allowances, but that a suitable estab- lishment is maintained for him. The request, therefore, which I make, has the sanction of general usage. "Trusting that the government will sub- mit a proposition upon this matter to the House of Assembly, "I have the honor to be, Sir, "Your most obedient servant, (Signed) "T. A. MURRAY. "To the Honorable the Colonial Secretary." A very sudden death that happened yes- terday has caused some gossip. Miss Duigan, daughter of Dr. Duigan, died after a very short illness, A few evenings ago the Rev. Mr. Claughton, of the Paterson, and Mr. Charles Haylock, of the same place, were driving homewards in a gig, and had reached to within about four miles of the township, when they were overtaken by Mr. Cory, who waa riding on horseback. Mr. Claughton, who was driving the gig, looked round to talk to Mr. Cory as he came alongside, when the wheel at that moment came in contact with a stump, and jolted the rev. gentleman out of the vehicle. Mr. Haylock endeavoured to catch the reins in order to pull up the horse, but only succeeded in getting hold of one side of them, by pulling which, the animal, which had commenced to be restive, veered round. The part of the gig between the wheel and the body was forced against a sapling by the side of the road, and the vehicle was upset. Mr. Hay- lock fell heavily to the ground, and received some very severe injuries. His shoulder blade and several of his ribs were broken, and he was hurt still more seriously in the region of the loins and kidneys. Mr. Cory galloped into the township, and a spring cart with a mattress was speedily brought to the spot, when Messrs. Claughton and Hay- lock were conveyed to their homes—the latter suffering intense pain by the way. Dr. Newberry at once attended to Mr. Hay- lock, and further medical aid was sent for, but he continued to be very ill. Mr. Haylock is upwards of seventy years of age. Mr. David Harper, of Yass, committed suicide there last Thursday. The deceased had been for some fifteen years a resident of Yass, and had been the contractor for a large number of the principal buildings that have been erected in this town and the neighborhood during that time. On the morning of the day stated he arose from his bed about five o'clock, and carrying a double-barrelled gun along with him quitted his dwelling, and going into the yard ad- joining, appears to have loaded both barrels of the gun with No. 3 wire cartridge, and, having placed it in an upright position, pulled the trigger with his toe, and pointed the gun so that the charge penetrated under- neath the chin, completely smashing the lower jaw bone, and, apparently dividing, one portion passed backwards transversely towards the base of the skull, the other under the left mastoid process of the temple bone. The injuries inflicted were of such a nature that the unfortunate man died be- tween nine and ten o'clock the same morn- ing. An inquest was subsequently held, when the widow and son of the deceased, and the surgeon who examined the body, deposed to the facts. The jury returned a verdict of felo de se. A public meeting was held at the Tem- perance Hall, Pitt-street, on Monday evening, "to consider the propriety of petitioning the Government to discontinue importing rail- way plant, and other goods that can be manufactured in the colony." The hall was filled at all points. The Mayor occupied the chair. A petition was adopted in accordance with the views of the meeting. In the Assembly, Captain Moriarty has carried a motion for a Select Committee to inquire into the case of Dr. Beer, who was, about five years ago, sentenced to penal ser- vitude here on a charge of attempting to poison a farmer whose life was insured, and who is now practising his profession at Braidwood. The case has created a very great deal of discussion, to my knowledge, since the occurrence, and I am doubtful that many persons still think Beer innocent of any criminal intent. Last Monday a "sight" was in view here —the "Ancient Order of Foresters" march- ing in procession through the city to Water- loo, where the foundation stone of a new hall was to be laid, a dinner given, and a ball. The procession was preceded by the Volunteer Band. No doubt the Society is a very good one, but, viewing the matter as a mere looker-on, it struck me that the faded green sashes, bows and arrows, mock axes, &c.;, &c.;, &c.;, looked woundingly seedy in the broad sunlight, and reminded one of some of Thackeray's severest hits on the morning appearance of a minor theatre. I believe the whole of the proceedings went off "first-rate." There was a very large attendance of bold Foresters, most of whom, however, didn't much look as if they lived "under the greenwood tree," but rather under the juniper tree. There is no judging from appearances, however. Fronti nulla fides, as the monkey said when he tried the wooden nutmeg. An old acquaintance from Brisbane shocks me by enumerating and particularising the deaths of late days. Soon, I suppose, the time will come when the young Brisbanites of, say eighteen years ago, will pass through Queen-street without recognising a single familiar face of the days of yore, save those who then were children like himself. I dare say all was very wrong in those old times, and everything now-a days is managed with much more order, decorum, and propriety; but, after all, there was something in the period of antiquity I allude to that was not without its charms, and is not without its regrets. Perhaps the latter arise chiefly from the certainty that it is past—that, however we might desire, we cannot revive it. "In vain, in vain, in vain— "It will never come again! "There droops upon the distant hills a mournful fringe of rain!" So sings squinting Smith. Well! I am glad, at all events, that you have left the old windmill standing. When civilisation, with her starched bile and tucker, has frozen even the proverbial brandy and water of Brisbane into a state of rigidity, a set of jovial ghosts may possibly be able to elude the lynx-eyes of the Queensland police, and assemble for a merry bout, in memory of old times, in the old windmill; and the roystering, but sense- less, (perhaps) Chauson of Auld Langsyne, may be exchanged for the mournful ditty of our forlorn ghostships, coming to have a look at past scenes. "Even still in death, "So sweet is still the breath "Of the fields and the flowers in our youth we wander'd o'er. "That ere condemn'd we go "To freeze 'mid Hecla's snow, "We would taste its balmy fragrance, and dream we live once more!" Heigho! I am getting frightfully senti- mental, so excuse me, I am off for a nobbler—no more, on my conscience! Thursday afternoon, 24th October. 