__J ? QUEENSLAND PARLIAMENT. (Abridged from the Courier.) LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Wednesday. Sum 24. The Spsakkk took the chair at ten minutes past three o'clock. QUEENSLAND BTBiM KAVWATIOK OOITTAKT. Mr. LILLEY presented a petition from Messrs. Pickering. Warry, Bichards. and another, in favour of the incorporation of a company to be called tbe ?' Queensland Steam Navigation Company.' The petition was received. %r. WARnV nnrsnaat to nntin* hqItm! Hib Cola nial-SccreUry— \- Whether it is his intention, in this or tlio next sossion of Parliament, to introduce a bill for the pur pose nf making illegal, printedp ieces of paper called calabashes, which at present cause great inconve nience to the public and particularly to the poor.' The COLOKIAL-SECKKTAltY replied, that the matter referred to should receive the careful consi deration of tbeGovernmentduringtberecess. (Hear, bear, and b-g*^ ^^^^ On tbe motion, of Mr. HALY, the petition pre sented byjiim yesterday with reference, to Coolie immigration, wai ordered. U- be printed. THE AUDITOn-GENEKAli sir. WAR11Y, pursuant to notice, moved— 'That, in the opinion of this house, it is undesirable -that any person engaged on die permanent Maff of tbe Audit and Revenue departments, or any other person entrusted with the collection or disbursement of the public moneys, should be manager or director of any (tank or public company, always pro* idei that if this. «lnM should become- l«r«-tbe «aid Iw shall not be «-u-fidere-L retrospective.' Be lad not been present upon die debate upon an almost similar -resolution, 'on a previous occasion. He believed, however, that it partooV largely of a personal character. He con tended that the beads of departments should have no other employment than that for which they were paid by the Government. If a man received £500 a year from Government for performing the duties of a certain office, he should be compelled to derotc all his energies to the duties of bis office. With re ference to a statement reported to have been made by die hon. member for Warwick (Mr. Gore), he vouid inform that hon. member that Mr. Holt when made a responsible minister, at once resigned his directorship of the bank. He trusted that the house would sec the propriety of acceding to his resolution, as all the -nersans autside tu whum he had snoken bad exprewd their opinion that it embodied just - ind Konnd principles. ' ' Mr. GOUE stated that the lion, member had evi- - iently been misinformed with regard to the state ment attributed to him, or else it has been misre- ' ported. i Mr. B. CRIBB was proceeding at some length to argue. that although it would be unfair to compel a responsible minister to forego private bnsine6S.it : would be perfectly legitimate to restrain a perma nent head of a department from engaging in private commercial speculation, when a laugh which one of his observations elicited from the hon. member for Fortitude Valley, caused him to «it down, amid the l.iughter oftbe whule house, with the observation 'that he would take his seat until the hon. member bad done Ianghing.' ? The merriment caused by this announcement having subsided, Mr. Cribb rose to resume his speech, when The COLONIAL-SECRETARY rose to a point of order. The SPEAKER ruled that the hon. member (Mr. Cribb) having resumed his scat, could not speak again during tbe present debate. -(Hear, bear, aud loud laughter.) Mr. LILIjEY expressed his regret that his laugh ter had proved so disagreeable to the hon. member ; at the same time he could not consent that that hon. gentleman should dictate to him when he should laugh or when he should restrain his merriment. He (Mr. Lilley) could not notice the force of the ar gument used by the hon. member with respect to re sponsible ministers. The object of the resolution was ostensibly to elevate Government officers above suspicion, but he had yet to learn that responsible ministers were lest liable to suspicion than per manent heads of departments. The house had already, be contended, expressed its dissent from tha gtin.qpHj»pn^Tt-to ty»f«l»rt«4J-y. tiie r»«nl»ltun. 'alia tie'*6uld riuffee that any object could be gained by again bringing the matter forward. - Mr. FORUES expressed his inability to under stand the resolution as worded. Tbe qnestion was then pnt, and tbe resolution negatived without a division. STESSAGE FE0K LBUISLATJYE C0UKCIL. .A message was received from the Legislative Council, transmitting certain resolutions with refer ence to the appointment of a responsible minister to transact . die Government business in that chaniber. The Aliens' Bill was also transmitted for the re-consideration of the Assembly, the Legislative Conncil insisting, upon certain amendments which they bad made in that measure. NATIVE POLICE COMMITTEE. The COLONIAL-TREASURER, in moving tbe adoption of the report from the select committee appointed to enquire into the organization of the native police, and treatment of the aborigines, said that the committee had entered upon their investi gations with a deep conviction of the vast import ance of the subject, and a glance at the evidence would convince any one that, at any rate, want of industry could not be imputed to them. He was aware that the report would not meet the views of one or two hon. members in that house, and also of certain parties out of doors. He would endeavour to show that proper witnesses had been examined, that the evidence had been elicited in an impartial manner, and that the report had been framed in accordance with that evidence. The preamble of the report expressed regret that more than one witness capable of affording valuable information, had been summoned, and had refused attendance. The house was aware that one witness had refused to attend. Three or four other witnesses had also refused to attend, he inferred upon the same grounds. One of these was Mr. Giles, whose testimony might have been of much value, but who alleged that important business prevented him from attending. Mr. Kent, the Police Magistrate, stated, however, that the gentleman alluded to had been, he believed, advised not to come. Another witness Mrs. Lester, who was present when the house at Coochin-Coochin was surrounded by blacks, had also neglected to attend before the committee. In addition to the evidence would be found some reports from the mis- sionaries, and a letter from Mr. Duncan, as well as one from Dr. Challinor, with reference to the treatment of the aborigines. All the procurable evidence bearing upon the matter had been collected. He found that this was the fourth report emanating from select committees which had been prepared upon this subject. The former enquiries had their origin, not in alleged murders committed by the police, but in the outraged committed by the blacks, and the necessity of putting the police upon a more efficient footing. All the committees appear to have come to one conclusion ; and after the report before the house had been drawn up he had the opportunity of reading the report of the committee which sat some years back in Sydney, and he was struck with the similarity of that report to the one before the house. The committee in Sydney was not packed, as the one here was said to be, but was composed of all political parties, and the witnesses examined be fore that committee were, with two exceptions, dif- ferent from the witnesses examined before the pre sent committee. The honorable member here pro ceeded to quote the first paragraphs of the report, setting forth the questions brought under the notice of the committee. The report then went on to state— "The whole weight of the evidence, with one or two exceptions, tends to prove.—1. That any change in the organisation of the force by the substitution of white troopers for native would destroy its effi ciency. 2. That since its establishment and recon- struction under its present commandant, the destruc tion of property and loss of life on either side has considerably diminished. 3. That any attempt to disband the force suddenly, would, as on a previous occasion, lead to disastrous results." With regard to the question of efficiency touched upon in the first paragraph, the report of the com- mitt which sat in Sydney had come to the same conclusion. That committee also experienced a similar difficulty to the present committee, in pro- curing the attendance of witnesses. The honorable gentleman here quoted in support of his statement a portion of the report of a select committee appointed in Sydney in 1856. The report set forth that pre- virus to the creation of the force murders were very frequent, and that since the introduction of the force such outrages were much fewer. The whole result of the investigation on that occasion was, that the concIusion was arrived at that the native police force, under proper management, was admirably adapted to afford efficient protection to the lives and property of persons in the interior. The report of another committee in 1858 showed that a similar conclusion was arrived at, as did also the report a committee of that house which sat last year. The present re port recommended the dismissal of certain officers. Just previous to separation the force was in a high state of efficiency, but since separation three or fnur officers had been appointed, none or whom had proved very efficient. The whole of the witnesses examined agreed upon the inexpediency of disbanding the force, with the exception of Messrs. O'Connell, Brown. Sheridan, and P. Walker. Mr. Mortimer was examined at great length, and his evidence was rather in favour of the continuance of the native police than otherwise. (The hon. member here pro ceeded to quote the portion of the report containing suggestions for the improvement of the internal organization of the existing native police.) The committee had investigated as fully as practicable the charges brought against certain of the officers of the force, and there was no doubt that on one or two occasions a great deal of unnecessary slaughter had been perpetrated. This appears to have been owing to the indiscretion of the officer in command, in the case which occurred upon the run of Messrs. Morti mer. The principal question which the committee had to consider was, how the blacks who committed depredations could be dealt with ? There was only one law which they could understand. The officers had been occasionally guilty of indiscretions, but since the establishment of the Native Police Force depredations upon life and property in the unsettled portions of the colony had to a great extent de creased. He would now proceed to comment upon some of the evidence. The first witness examined was Mr. Fraier. The committee were told that he could give important evidence with regard to the occurrence upon the Messrs. Mortimers' run, but when he was brought up it was found he could not, or would not, give any material evidence with refer ence to that transaction. The next witness called was Dr. Challinor, who was examined with reference to the shooting of the blacks at Fassifern. The doctor had held a magisterial enquiry upon the dead bodies of the blacks supposed to have been shot on that occasion, and had likewise published a letter in the papers, addressed to the Attorney-General, im- pugning the evidence of some of the witnesses ex- amined them. He said in that letter that he had received information from two independent sources impugning the evidence of some of the witnesses examined them. He said in that letter that he had received information from two independent sources impugning that testimony. He the Colonial-Trea- surer had wished to ask Dr. Challinor certain ques- tions which the committee refused to allow him to ask. Other questions which had been put to this witness he declined to answer. It appeared, upon further examination, that these two "independent witnesses" alluded to were two blackfellows, upon the strength of whose statements the evidence of Mr. and Mrs. Hardie had been impugned. Dr. Challinor, also, in his evidence attributed tbe depre- cations committed by the blacks to their having been deprived of their hunting ground. Nearly all the evidence of Dr. Challinor. however, it wonld be seen was hearsay evidence. The next witness called was Mr. Jacob Lowe, a squatter of Iong standing in the Western districts, where the blacks were so troublesome before the native police force was or ganised, that numbers of the squatters were com pelled to abandon their stations. One of these runs thus abandoned, Mr. Lowe had taken up. His opinion, it would be seen, was that the depredations and losses inflicted by the blacks were incalculably more numerous before the organisation of the native police force. (The hon. gentleman here quoted at length from Mr. Lowe's evidence.) It would be seen that this gentleman was of opinion that the blacks were not driven by hunger to commit their depre dations, but that these depredations were wanton outrages on property. He also expresses his belief that it would be very bad policy to disband the native police. The next witness called was Dr Chal linor, who was again examined. He expressed his opinion that if the blacks destroyed stock wantonly they should be punished. It appeared that just before the alleged shooting of blacks at Fassifern they had been very troublesome about that quarter. The testimony of both Mr. Compigne and Mr. Carden Collins proved this fact, the former gentleman hav ing lost 1500 sheep during the year by their depre dations. They also had speared a great number of cattle. Lieutenant Wheeler was sent for, and suc ceeded in tracking the blacks to the scrub, into which they plunged, throwing spears and waddies. The police were ordered to fire into the scrub, and some gins were killed. The police then proceeded to Fas sifern, Mr. Hardie having sent for Lieutenant Wheeler, because the blacks had been destroying his cattle. At Fassifern one or two more of the blacks were killed, but how did not appear from the evidence. He (the Colonial-Treasurer) contended that black trackers with white troopers would not get over the difficulties of the case, as the white troopers would, as at present, be compelled to remain outside the scrub, and the trackers who went into the scrub would have the same opportunity of perpetrating slaughter as the police have now. Mr. Hardie and Lieutenant Wheeler were the next witnesses ex amined. The latter witness certainly proved that he had acted with indiscretion. Messrs. Compigne and Collins, however, both bore testimony to his effi ciency as an officer, and stated that since Lientenant Wheeler had been stationed in the district depreda tions had been much fever than before. He had also been very successful in entirely suppressing the depredations of the blacks in the neighbourhood of Sandgate and the Bald Hills, which, when he first arrived here, were very numerous. The committee, however, must not be thought for one moment de sirous of defending the conduct of Lieut. Wheeler in the Fassifern slaughter. That officer confessed in his evidence that he could not recognise the blacks killed as the actual perpetrators of any of the depre dations complained of. The next witness to whose evidence he (the Colonial- Treasurer) would refer was Captain Coley, an old resident of great experience. He gave the committee the startling fact that the Brisbane tribe had disappeared. These could not have fallen victims to the bullets of the troopers. Disease and the rum bottle had proved more effectual means of obliterating them from existence. This witness gave it as his opinion that the white troopers and black trackers would not work well together, and that the force as constituted at present was a most efficient one. Captain Coley had alluded to some correspondence with the Sydney Government, and from his own evidence it appeared that Dr. Challinor also had been in communication with Messrs. Parkes and Jones. He (the Colonial-Trea surer) had been for a considerable time anxious to know the author of the correspondence referred to, and was therefore much obliged for the information furnished by Dr. Challinor. He (the Colonial Treasurer, had also communicated with the Sydney government, for the simple reason that he knew the statements contained in the correspondence to which he alluded to be utterly false. He did not blame the hon. member for West Moreton, as no doubt that gentleman had acted on that occasion as he had on a recent one, from hearsay evidence. In the case of the Messrs. Mortimer, to which he (the Colonial Treasurer) had previously made al lusion, those gentlemen wrote to the newspapers, complaining that the bodies of certain blackfellows shot on their runs had not been buried. The go vernment at once sent to them to know why the complaint had not first been laid before the proper authorities. The evidence of the commandant of the force (Captain Morissett), and that of Lieutenant Parkinson, was taken by the committee, and the facts of the case, as he had before stated them to the House, elicited. Seeing that the whole blame of this transaction rested upon Lieutenant Murray, and that officer was proved guilty of constant intemperance, the committee had recommended his removal from the force. The next charge for investigation was that against Lieutenant Bligh, for shooting a black fellow in the water. It appeared, however, that that officer had a warrant out against this blackfellow, who would have succeeded in escaping if he had not been fired at. A few people took umbrage at Lieu- tenant Bligh's conduct, but the majority of the peo- ple of the district were so well satisfied with him that they subscribed a testimonial to him. Another charge against the native police, in which the hon. member for West Moreton had much interested him self, has been made by Mr. Frederick Walker. As this gentleman was formerly commandant of the native police, his charges should be received with caution. He had been discharged from his post as com mandant, but, after the Hornet Bank massacre, had been employed by some squatters to organize a sort of guerrilla force at their expense to wage warfare against the blacks. In establishing this corps he took away some of the native police, and upon being remonstrated with by the command- ant assumed a very belligerent attitude. His conduct was reported to the Sydney Government, and he was ordered to disband his troop. He had never since missed an opportunity of catching the native police tripping, and had threatened that he will do away with them altogether yet. Not long ago, however, a memorial was sent in to the government, signed, if he remembered rightly, by Messrs. Walker and Dut ton, amongst others, praying that a detachment of police should be stationed in the neighbourhnod. The charges he referred to arose, he believed, only from a quarrel amongst the officers of the force and the gentleman making the charges. Lieutenant Bligh had been ordered to look into the affair, and had denied in toto the statements of Mr. Walker. He wrote that all the squatters in the neighbourhood were quite satisfied with the conduct of the police. Mr. Walker, on the contrary, wrote to say, that if the present state of things continued "a collision" would inevitably take place between the settlers and the police, which meant, he (the Colonial-Treasurer) supposed, that Mr. Walker would summon his friends and make an attack upon the police. Mr. Dutton had made a charge that the quiet station blacks had been driven off by the native police. Lieutenant Bligh attributes this charges also to a quarrel with one of the officers of the force, and from the report of Lieutenant Patrick it would appear that such was the case. It appeared that, as in most quarrels, a lady was at the bottom of it. (Laughter.) (The honorable gentleman here quoted the report of Lieut. Patrick, from which it appeared, as far as we could gather, that Mr. Dutton had requested that officer to remove the native police from the station, as one of the young gins, employed on the station, was suffer ing from love sickness for certain of the troopers, and was in consequence "incapacitated from per forming her ordinary duties.") In consequence of this matter, to which Lieutenant Patrick had so de licately alluded, a misunderstanding had arisen be tween that officer and Mr. Dutton. Yet this man, who was so ready to bring charges against the native police, did not appear to reflect upon the lacerated feelings of the young lady who was the innocent cause of the strife, or the outraged sensi bilities of her parents. (Laughter.) (The hon. member here proceeded to read the evidence of Mr. Mortimer, p. 101 to 103.) Mr. Mortimer said he did see four blacks killed at the time of the alleged slaughter on his run, and he was pretty sure four more were killed at the same time. He also said that squat ters liked to see the native police at their stations oc casionally; it was a very wholesome sight. He was of opinion that the late commandant had not atten ded to his duties as he ought. That gentleman had resigned, not as had been fasely [sic] rumoured, in con sequence at the investigations of the committee, but owing to circumstances of an entirely private nature. To attend to his duties as he ought to, the command ant should be an unmarried man. The evidence of Messrs. O'Connell and Brown was unfavourable to the force, but the evidence of both these gentlemen was less valuable than it otherwise would be, owing to the quarrels which they had had from time to time with the officers of the force. They were in favour of the abolition of the present force, and the substi tution of a mixed force, composed of white troopers and black trackers. Mr. Sneyd had expressed himself in favour of a force composed of white troopers, such as formerly existed. A portion of his evidence he (the Colonial- Treasurer) was prepared to contradict. He knew that these troopers were of no earthly use against blackfellows, and were principally employed for the pursuit of bushrangers. He believed that the native police force, as at present constituted, required only to be properly officered to render it a most ef fective force. The hon. member concluded his speech by adverting to the question of the possibility of civilising or improving the condition of the abo riginal population. He pointed out that attempts hitherto made to attain this object had proved futile, but Mr Zillman had propounded a scheme which appeared feasible, and which it might be worth while to try. The suggestions of that gentleman would be seen by referring to his evidence. He pro posed that a grant of land and a sum of money should be given by the government, and that at tempts should be made to employ the labour of the aborigines in cotton-growing or other industrial pursuits. Mr. Zillman was not very sanguine of suc cess with the adult blacks, but he thought that the youth might be partially civilized and educated in this manner. He (the Colonial- Treasurer) disap proved of a recurrence to the old system of establish ing officers called Protectors, as suggested by the hon. member for West Moreton. It had, when tried some years ago, been productive of more mischief than benefit. That it was extremely difficult to eradicate from the mind of the black his love for a savage life, was evident from an anecdote told to the committee by Captain Coley, but not published in the evidence. A black child named Dancing Jimmy was taken to England by a gentleman, edu cated well, and became apparently highly civilised. After a time, however, he ran away to Paris, and being very agile, hired with Franconi's troupe, then performing in that city. But amid the the civilization of the most refined city of Europe he pined for the freedom of his native wilds, and finally made his way back to Australia. He was now out here as wild as any of the blacks that roam in the bush. He (the Colonial-Treasurer) would also draw the attention of the house to the evidence of Mr. Davis, on the 55th page, as it was of a peculiarly valuable character. This witness arrived in the colony when very young, and being of an enquiring turn of mind, his attention was directed at an early age to the manners and habits of the aboriginals. (Laughter). So keen was his thirst for this species of knowledge that, with a bold enthusiasm, he forsook the haunts of civilisa tion, and for a number of years resided amongst the blacks, by whom he was hospitably re ceived. Luckily for him, the blacks appeared to believe in the doctrine of transmigration, for they fancied that they recognised in him a great warrior of their tribe who had but recently died ; or, to use his own more graphic language, they mistook him for the ghost of a blackfellow. According to this witness the blacks are cannibals, and have no reli gious ceremonies. He also says, when asked— From your knowledge of the blacks, do you consider them a most deceitful, false, and cunning race of people? They are the most deceitful people I ever came across, and I have been among all kinds of people. The father will beat the son, and the son the father ; the mother the daughter, and the daughter the mother. The brother will lie in ambush to be avenged on the brother if he can't manage him in fight— he will lie in ambush with a spear or a waddy. The parents have no rule over the children at all, and there are no more kings and queens among them than I am Prince Albert; that is all the talk of the whites.— The hon. member then proceeded to quote from a speech of the Dean of Melbourne in support of the argument, that it was a fallacious notion to represent the blacks as the rightful owners of the soil, and as having been dispossessed unjustly by the usurping white man. He believed that much harm had been done by missionaries and others inculcating these notions. The hon. member concluded his speech by quoting a recent leader in the Times upon the New Zealand war, in which the eventual disappearance of the aboriginal race before the advancing civilization of the white man, as in other parts of the world, was foretold. Mr. WATTS rose and said that after the long ad dress from the Colonial-Treasurer it was not neces sary for him to detain the house by a lengthy speech. He hoped that the house would not refuse to adopt the report, and felt assured that had they seen the slaughters and depredations committed by the natives before the establishment of the force, they would be convinced that some such force was nec- cessary. The honorable member then alluded to the atrocities committed by the aborigines upon the whites forming the establishment of Mr. Marks, at Colleroy, on the McIntyre, previous to the estab lishment of the native police force, as being of so diabolical a character, as to make the blood run cold, and to prove that leaving the settlers to defend themselves, tended much more to the destruction of the blacks, than the maintenance of a native force. Before this was established, the settlers had to arm themselves to the teeth, and such men, seeing their children killed before them, could not be expected to refrain from using them indiscriminately. In the course of the enquiry, it was found that most of the writers of letters he alluded to, were persons who had never been fifty miles into the interior, and who had never witnessed any of the atrocities committed by the blacks. He entirely agreed with the remarks made by the hon. member, Dr. Challi- nor, as to the indiscriminate slaughter of the blacks, which he admitted was highly reprehensible, but at the same time it must be borne in mind that as the matter was, the natives must be regarded in the same light as inhabitants of a country under mar tial law—and that the natives most be taught to feel the mastery of the whites. He believed that it was not necessary to punish with severity those blacks who were merely guilty of spearing cattle, and thought that circulars should be issued to the officers to be content with simply driving away the blacks who had so offended. Though it was not stated in the report, he believed that great blame was attributable to the commandant for many of the proceedings of the law twelve or eighteen months, during six of which he had been entirely absent from duty. Another thing to which he felt it his duty to refer, was the conduct of the Secretary of the native police force, who was also storekeeper. The statements made by him as to his own conduct, were quite sufficient to justify him (Mr. Watts) in making severed comments when an increase was pro posed to that gentleman's salary. In answer to questions 66 to 69 on the 141st page. Mr. McDonnell, after acknowledging that six months had been al lowed to elapse without the customary supplies being dispatched, stated that he had not written to but spoken to Mr. Manning on the subject. His evidence also with respect to the supply of ammu nition, displayed such gross negligence in the dis charge of his duties, that he trusted the govern ment would administer so severe a reprimand as would prevent their recurrence, if not to dismiss him altogether. He wished to draw attention to the fact that at the present time a meeting of va rious tribes was being held in the neighbourhood of Ipswich, whose sole object was that of fighting, and of whom many were dying daily. Strange it was that no steps should have been taken by the philan thropic advocates of the aborigines to put a stop to the proceeding now taking place within five miles of Ipswich. He was himself convinced that far greater numbers of these people died from the effects at grog-drinking and attacks from their own race, than from the attacks of the native police. Hundreds, no doubt had been murdered in cold blood by giving them arsenic and strychnine in the food ; and although this statement was denied, he still asserted it. The blacks were well aware of the nature of the latter pioson, which bore the name among them of Mr. Mackenzie, application having in fact been made to him by some of the blacks for it to poison some of the Myall blacks with. The hon. gentleman then read the plan suggested by Mr. Zillman, and said he thought this scheme more feasible than any that had yet been suggested. Its expense would not be great, and as perhaps great results might arise from it, it was their duty to do what good they could for this benighted race. He sincerely trusted that this recommendation would be carried out, and that the house would adopt the report made by the committee. Mr. COXEN would not detain the house long in the remarks he was about to make. The report showed, and the evidence warranted no other con clusion, that there was a great want of confidence in the efficiency of the present officers of the force, and also that the force was not properly officered. With respect to the fourth recommendation — that monthly returns of all proceedings, and the state of the troops, should be forwarded by each officer in command of a detachment to the commandant of the force, who would furnish a general abstract thereof to the Colo nial-Secretary, or the head of the Executive depart ment under which he may be placed— he would sug- gest that these returns should be made in the form of a diary, as one great complaint against the officers was that weeks and months were frequently spent by them at their barracks in mere idleness. By this means a check would also be kept against them, and in the event of any charges being made against them. there would be some means of establishing their truth or falsity. The hon. member, after comment ing on the evidence given by Mr. Babbit respecting the arrest of the black Gulliver, and his being subse quently allowed to escape, said that he knew of several cases in which blacks had been arrested and allowed to escape, and who were never again brought up. A great deal had been said of the difficulty of catching blacks in the scrub. He admitted the exist ence of this difficulty, both on the part of white men and blacks, but never knew an instance in which the native police had caught blacks in the scrub, or elsewhere, and brought them to justice. He thought that some check should be placed upon the proceed- ings of the officers, and that a commissioner or in- spector should be placed over them to keep a vigi lant watch over their conduct, as he was quite sure that a great deal of slaughter was committed upon innocent parties. He believed that some force was desirable, not only for the protection of the white settlers, but also for the blacks themselves. Having been for a great number of years engaged in connec tion with the blacks, he could speak from experience with some degree of confidence upon the subject. Twenty-three years ago he was on the Namoi River, before any outrages were committed by the blacks, or the hanging of the men, which had been so pa thetically alluded to, took place. Then there were no outrages committed by the blacks, until they were brought into collision with the whites by some of them taking away their gins, and then, their savage propensities being provoked, they gave way to great atrocities. It was the same with respect to what was known as the battle between the whites and blacks, between the Big River and the Namoi, when warfare between the blacks and the stockmen was continued for seven years, after the blacks see- ing forty or fifty of their gins and children confined in a stockyard and indiscriminately shot. After this time Mr. Mayne was sent, and he succeeded in quiet ing them by convincing them that they would not be ill-treated, or in any way punished, excepting for offences committed by them. The consequence was that murders by the blacks decreased, and the set tlers were placed in the same state of security as be fore. He had read the evidence through carefully, and could come to no other conclusion than that the best way of keeping up the force in a state of effici ency, would be by keeping the officers in check. A great deal had been said as to the civilisation of the natives, and also of their being incapable of being taught permanently anything else than the vices of the white man. He believed the contrary, and would mention a case in point, which he would vouch for. In the year 1837 or 1838, he took a native boy to the Hunter, where he was placed at school with his brother's children, and showed such ability to ac quire several branches of knowledge that he ob tained several prizes. He continued there till the age of fourteen or fifteen, when he was taken to the station. Circumstances then occurred which caused both himself (Mr. Coxen) and his brother to be without a home, and the boy was thrown upon his own means to obtain a livelihood. He did so, and was engaged as most lads of that age are, in looking after stock in a similar capacity, in which employ ment he continued for two or three years, when he entered his service. It was certainly true that he showed signs of drunkenness — a fault by no means peculiar to the blacks ; but evinced no desire to go into the bush again to stop there. On leaving his service he entered the native force, not as a trooper, but in connection with the commissariat, and after some time was promoted to the position of sergeant, in which, after remaining for some time, he died from disease near Brisbane. During this time he had saved some money, five pounds of which he left to Mr. Glennie, from whom he had received some kind ness. This circumstance would show that the blacks had some of the finer feeling, although they might be at present but dormant. He (Mr. Coxen) did not agree with the proposition for the establishment of a missionary cotton company, because he was certain that it would prove a failure. The same thing had been tried in other places, and it had proved a failure. It was impossible to educate the black people as long as they were allowed to associate with their parents or others of their tribe, in consequence of their superstitions and certain religious observances of which they could not be divested if allowed to associate with them. He flatly denied the state ment made by some witness that the aborigines had no sense of a future state. In his younger days he took a great interest in the blacks in the Hunter and Namoi, and learned from them that they had an in- definite idea of no future state, somewhat similar to the idea of hunting grounds believed in by the American Indians, and had had given him accounts of what they believed respecting them. It was also said that an impression existed among them that when a blackfellow died he would jump up white man ; but that such was not their belief he would show in a few words. Long before the white man was seen by the blacks, they had the und wonds, or devil- devil, bv which they understood a ghost; and he could easily understand that on their seeing the first white man they imagined him to be the ghost of a departed black. It was doubtless from this cir cumstance, that the impression of the black's belief in this respect originated. Mr. Watts had alluded to the murders on Captain Dumaresq's station on the MacIntyre; but before these a certain person had a character for severity, and that perhaps deservedly, for the murder of blacks in England. He had lived many years among the blacks on the frontiers, and had never had occasion to speak an angry word to them. Before concluding he wished to allude to the observations made by the same gendeman, re- specting several witnesses having refused to give evidence, and also a letter appearing in that morning's Courier, in which allusion was indirectly made to himself. The only reason why he had not given evidence was that he was not asked. He fully ex pected to be summoned, and would willingly have done so. Mr. GORE regretted exceedingly that Mr. Coxen had not been called upon by the committee. That gentleman had never occurred to him, or he would certainly have caused him to be summoned. He regretted very much the omission, so that gentleman would've given information which would have been very valuable as coming from one who had had much experience with the natives, was known to be very favourably inclined to the, and had not re- civet much trouble from them. The hon. gentle man then read over a large portion of the evidence, upon which he commented, and concluded by ex- pressing his belief that he had proved that the native police were efficient, and that any attempt to disband the force would lead to disastrous results. He also thought he had proved that no other force would be equally efficient. They should never alter ' a state of tilings until they could find a more effective 'substitute. ??-'?. ?Dr. CBAfcLTSOJl haH found tho armaments deduced in favour of the continuance of the .native police force to be, the generally had character of the kborigines, and the great difficulty of apprehending \- them by a, white force. The crimes laid to their charge were murder, rape, perjury, robbery, lying, unnatural offences, wanton slaughter, and cannibal, ism ; their aversion to civilization, thcir-partiality to' sport, and romantic habits and their objection to permanent employment. He would be sorry that it shonld go forth drat the atrocities of black men were of deeper dye than the same crimes committed by European*, and yet that appeared to be the main Inference drawn. If those crimes did not obtain amongst bnrsel vep, wherefore the necessity of magis trate*, and puds, and police, and of statute and common lav? — if not to prevent those crimes, ex cept cannibalism. What greater murder had they committal tl»an was committed by Richard the Thirds-hen the royal children were smothered in the Tower? — or than when the Swedish nobles were murdered by Christian II of Denmark? What greater atrocity had they committed than the murder of his relatives and friends by Palmer, or was ex hibited in the murder by Mr. Mackenac with strych nine? Was the mnrdcr of Fanny Briggs greater? Wa- not the commission of an unnatural offence by a dignitary of the church as great a crime as on the part of the blacks? If they did commit «neh crimes it was at their corroSorees ; and it was from whites they had learned that detestable offence, as well as prostitution. (Oh, oh.} What greater atrocity was it for blacks to kill bnllocVs in order to feast on their tongues? What greater mendacity had blacks committed than was committed in a recent case of perjury before the Court? No doubt cannibalism was a detestable crimc,%ni ifHJas not shewn that the black* tert\rt.tarAieim'«fc. pfeent -tfme-.'-'TvYs ituot'iimueh' greater evil to roust a white woman in a bakehouse to hide the evidences of the crime, than to roast a person for the purpose of eating him ? {Laughter.) And yet Government did so. It was said die blacks abruptly left employment, but fat ihe case of the whites what was the object of the Masters and Servants' Act if not to deal with a similar offence? As to the blacks being fond of hunting, had they not the example of the British aristocracy? The members of both houses in the hunting season left, however important, the business pending, and vent shooting; and they had even the example of royalty in Prince Albert, who went io the Highlands deer stalking : and as to the combats of the blacks, ' had they not a parallel in England in the tournament of the middle ages, .and the revival of tournaments by the Earl of Eglinton. The native police force might be one way of seenring tranquility, but he asked if it was the right way ? Besides, tranquflity was not the only question to be considered in a pro tective force ; they must also consider jnstice. In allusion to the Fas^ifnrn ailair, he contended that lieutenant Wheeler had fired on a number of blacks simply on the statement of a Mack named Murphy, that certain depredators were amongst diem. Lieu tenant Wheeler's statement was that they threw nullah nullahs at him and their spears, but the blacks stated that they were fired npon without warning; and he consijerod that a« the testimony of the black* was found tn bo correct in several partic ulars, their version of the affair was correct. Two blacks were killed, who he asserted could not have teen of the toil* that had committed the alleged de predations. Again the black who gave lieutenant Wheeler the information was an abandoned character and his object was to carry off a gin. He did not hesitate to tell the select committee that Lieutenant Wheeler had been guilty of murder or manslaughter, and that the law would not be satisfied till he Ms put on his trial. He then proceeded to argue that Mr. Ilardie, one of the squatters upon whose run the depredations bad been committed, had com mitted perjury in the affair, according to the evidence of Constables Carson and Brodcrick ; also that Mr. Hardie was accessory after die fact to the ronrder, and that he did all he conld to prevent an investiga tion. It. appeared to him the exonerating Lieutenant BHgh in the Maryborough affair was directly opposed to the evidence of Mr. Sheridan, the only witness who could give evidence on the matter. He thought the aborigines were capable -of improvement, although he believed that all effort* to teach them the gospel should be of a private character. At the same time he considered it .the duty- of the Govern ment to endeavour, so far as practicable, to find the men employment on cotton farms or otherwise, fle then mentioned particulars of *wo eases of illtreat ment of black* of which he liad given evidence, and added, he had no false philanthropy for the blacks; indeed bchaJ punned an escaped black, and caused him to he secured. Baring claimed the credit of setting* good example to the blacks, owing to his teetotal principles, lie said the treatment of the blacks was a very important question, inasmuch as they were Britisti'subjeets ; and if a despatch on the subject had not come out from the Secretary for the Colonies he expected one would shortly. In answer to a- remark of a previons speaker, he said the greatest enemies he had to hi* cattle were white men, they djd not scruple to slaughter his cattle for their own use. lie moved that the .report be read that day six months, not because he thought there ought not to be a protective force, hut because there ought to be a better guarantee for the protection of the lives of the aborigines. The SPF.AKElt put the amendment, but, u diets was no seconder, xaid it fell to the ground. Mr. FITZSIMMONS had. hoped that the hon. gentleman who had just spoken would have made some recommendation either for lhe better manage m.:ut of the native police, or for dxnng away with them. He distinctly stated that he had never 'been more than 60 miles beyond Ipswich. Truly, like Sam Weller, his ' vision was limited.' In the case of a black who bad been iU-treated, he said he had cone 15 miles to enquire, and bad ascertained that be had been driven off his fishing ground, tho Mollv Molly ; bat it appeared that be liad got bis informa tion from a demented shepherd. On such strong testimony he came forward and asked them to -lo ?way with the native police. Of course they all objected to an indiscriminate slaughter by the native police. He also thought they roust agree with the recommendation of Mr. Lowe and Captain CConnell, that the native police should never he stationed per manently in the neighbourhood of large town*. On the motion of Mr. MACAUSTEB, the debate was adfournrd till. next day. ' PABJ.TH VBVTABr rBIvTLECE BILL. The hoeue then went into committee on the amendments of the Legislative Council in this bill, which were agreed to. . . ' ?? ? ^ . ACDITBiLXv This bill was received by message from the Legis lative Council with amendments, the consideration of .which was set -down for the following day. ' MASTEBS AXD SERTJlSTS' BILL. The COLONIAL-SECKETAEr moved tae third reading of thin MIL Mr. O-SOLLTCAH mmt- a* an- smnadnwnt. a^«ielim».teib- utoiB^%jffi%^iew^°am-a-d theglstcbuae.. . ? ? '?''?? ? ''??? - Mr. BLACENEY' seconded toe -Amendment: The bill was then read a third time.- and directed to be transmitted to the Legislative Council for their concurrence. ' ? ? ?' \- The house adjonrned at six minutes to 10 o'clock, till 3 o'clock *he next day. 