-GHOSTLY QUARTERS. ' The'- following story has always been a mystery to me. The more I have thought of ,it, the more unaccountable it has always appeared. It seems impossible to assign a cause for the catastrophe with which it winds up. It is from a source absolutely incapable of misleading, and xceedingly unlikely to be misled :— ' It is about thirty years since the, events occurred which I am about to relate to you,' writes the friend who has set the story down for me, 'but so deep was the impression which they made on my mind, that it almost seems to me as though, the time should be counted by months rather than years. I was then a young officer in one of those regiments which had borne the brunt of the earlier part of the war in the Pe ninsula; and which, being greatly reduced in numbers, were first formed into provisional bat talions, and ultimately directed to return home. We were none of us over well pleased with this arrangement ; neither was our great chief, who knew the value of veteran troops, and considered the provisional battalions amoiig the best of his army. But there was no help for it, and so, like good soldiers, who know that their first duty is obedience, we received the order with, little mur muring, and prepared to obey it. 'It wa3 necessary to convey us for a brief space to the rear, until transports should, be ready; and few in number as we were, it wag further necessary to do so in detachments. I went with several others in the direction of the village which had been pointed out to us ori the route, and good fun we made of each other on the way. Among my comrades was a fellow named Harrison, a kind-hearted, amiable lad, full of fun and even mischief, yet firm and unflinching in principle, and ever an honorable gentleman. As to higher considerations than even these, we -were all careless and reckless enough, thinking of no-, tldng so much as how we might best amuse our selves'. Harrison was a prime favorite in our corps He was young and hand some, well knit, and capable of endu ring any amount of fatigue. I loved him as if he had been my brother, and we were insepar able. Well ! My party .and I, after wandering about for a while, reached at length a small and beautiful village. It was situated in a valley, and was surrounded by trees, and shrubs, and plants of many kinds. Orange and olive, pomegranate and fig-tree, all filled the air with their delicious fragrance. There were mountains, too, in the dis tance, adding beauty to the scene, and on a little eminence close to the village stood an old half-ruined monastery, partly covered with ivy and wild passion flowers, and adorned by a plantation oi beautiful trees. On onesideof themonasterylayalovely little lake, by the margin of which Harrison and I often afterwards wandered together in the cool hours of the evening. 'Immediately on reaching the village our at tention was attracted to the old monastery, and we all pronounced it to be the place of all others in which to quarter both officers and men. Ac cordingly the few monks who still inhabited it ?were with no small difficulty persuaded, to move out, and we very unceremoniously took their places. Tired by the toil of the day, I had sat down, with one or two others, to rest under one of the large olive trees, when an old monk, whom J had- noticed hovering about the place ever since his companions left, approached us. His silver hair and beard streamed over his brown serge dress ; but there was a fierce light in his eye which age had riot quenched. He shook his head gravely as he came near, and holding up his hand, said, ? Signor, you will repent that ever you came here ; you will find no res^; day nor night in this place. San Francesco guards his servants, with jealous care, and you will call down his just wrath, for desecrating this sanctuary. None ever offend \- Mm yet go unpunished. Remember my words, signor ; they are not vain words.' The old man prossed himself two or three times, and then hur ried down by the wooded path which led into the ?yalley, leaving us rather surprised, but of course not alarmed. Harrison, laughed ; we all laughed, finally resumed our conversation, and forgot all about the monk; ?'Our next step was to make arrangements for getting supplies from the country people of the neighborhood, and on the whole we considered ourselves snugly and romantically disposed of for! some weeks to come. For, besides the beautiful rides and walks within our reach, we had the assurance of good fishing in the lake, and shooting in the woods; and what with rides and walks, and fishing and shooting, and occasional dances with the village girls, time was not likely to hang heavy on our hands. Matters did not, however, turn out exactly as we had anticipated. It hap pened one day as I was going round in specting the rooms, that I noticed that the men were' collected into knots of two and three, rather excited,' and talking earnestly together ; many of them forgot to give 'me the usual salute as I parsed, and the eypreiraiMa' on' their fy'ges wer6 new and strange and perplexing' to me',' ' 1 said' nothing, 'ana pre tended to notice nothing unusual, but -went round, thinking that perhaps the men had had some slight misunderstanding with the Spa niards, who, though they received us kindly at first, had shown themselves to be violent and quick tempered. I had finished my rounds, and was returning to my room, when I heard a quick step behind me. The sergeant of our company c^me up, and touching his cap, begged id toV'a lew womo to me when I was a: leisure. 1 «(«! am q'uite'atUfisUire nowV! Isaid; ^fyhatdo you want ?' ''Well, sir,' he began, with spine embarrass ment, clearing hi3 throat two or three tiine3, - I am eorry to trouble you, but did you observe, sir, how odd the men were just now, as you went round their room ?' ,»' I did observe , eomething unusual, but +i. -«ht it best to take no notice for this once. What is the mat^ with the men?' '??Well, Bir/ continued- the sergeart, his em barrassment growing- greater, it does seem rather ridiculous, and yet it is true. 1 he fact is, sir, rtbr it is no use mincing the matter,) the men de clare they have seen a gh?st passing through their ream for two nights P33t, and they swear they won't ejeep there agam.f , «'? - A shost ! ' I repeated, with a Bjare of amaze ment at the man, halt doubting whether he Were ft, Jus rigto:' senses Wwt humbug \s ? -'?' , '--. v^ .' ^ K ???? '.'?'?? ? ??? ? ; .. . this, sergeant? Let me hear no more of it. If ghosts were realities— which they are not— I should be ashamed of the men if they could be afraid of ghosts. ~ ? '.--?.? 'The sergeant said no more, but, touching his cap, turned and withdrew, while i slowly pur sued my way. I had looked upon the matter as nonsense, I had treated it lightly, and been almost angry at the. silliness of the tale ; yet it had left a deeper impression upon me than Hiked, or chose to admit to myseif. Was this a dim, vague presentiment of what was to come ? Perhaps it was.' . ?? - ? ... . ?? . : -?? ? :??:??: 'I was half angry with myself for. harboring the feeling, and determined to ahake it off. I entered a room where two or three of my companions were assembled, and recounted what had passed between, me and the, sergeant. . , They all laughed, and declared that I had done quite right in for bidding anything more to be said, on the subject. 'The monastery consisted of three buildings: one long front building and two wings. The right wing, formed the chapel, and the other con tained tne rooms ana ceils once occupied by the monks. . In the centre of these buildings was a large court-yard, from which you passed into the garden, and thence descended into the valley be neath, planted with trees and shrubs. The court yard was quite empty, save that a fountain stood in the centre ; an arrangement not unusual in southern countries. 'The day passed as other days had passed ; some fished, some lounged about doing nothing; Harrison and I wandered away from the .rest, taking our guns with us, and did not return until late in the evening. We had been more than usu ally joyous,; and I had almost forgotten the occur rence of the morning, when, on entering the court- yard of the monastery, we were surprised to perceive the men's blankets all arranged in order around the yard. Before either of us had time to make a remark, the sergeant, who had spoken to me before came up, and without fur ther preface infoimed me that, the night being extremely hot, the men had brought out their blankets to sleep in the open air, as , they could not be persuaded to receive another visit in their room from their midnight intruder.. I made no objection to their preferring the cool air to the stifling heat of their room, and at dinner it was quietly arranged that a few of us should not go to bed at the usual time, but should reruain up to watch. 'It was a clear bright night. Beautiful ss nights can be only in southern climates. I had seldom seen anything more striking than that grim old monastery, with its turrets and belfries, its grated windows and massive iron portals, and its large surrounding tree3, standing out clear and distinct under the rays of a full moon And beyond it, about half a mile off, lay the small lake, calm and quiet beneath the branches of the graceful trees which grew on its edge, and bent their slender boughs into its water. Upon its smooth surface the heavens were re flected ; each* particular star looking down upon its image. Afew of the officers, including Harrison and myself,. had gone into the court-yard about eleven o'clock, determined to wait there until the clock struck one, and then, if nothing, appeared, return quietly to our rooms. The men had all laid down, but I am sure there was not one of them asleep ; not a light was to be Been anywhere about the building, for at an appointed; hour they had been all put out. Growing tired of waiting for the ghost in vain, Harrison 'and I walked up and down the yard, the others follow ing our example ; as we were already thinking of going in, when,- as the clock struck half-past twelve, Harrison suddenly stopped short, touched my arm, and, without saying a word, pointed towards the chapel. His movement had been noticed by the rest, and all eyes were immediately turned in that direction, when we perceived issuiug from one of the windows overlooking the yard a faint green ish light. We said nothing, but drawing to one side, stood still. In a few moments we saw emerging from the same window a white spectral figure, holding in its right' hand a smalMamp, evidently the source of the strange light which had attracted our notice. The apparition, moved slowly along qver the be$s of the men, though evidently its feet did not rest u.pon any things and looked at them all' as it ' passed ; then reach ing our group, it turned its gaze upon 'us for a moment, and disappeared through the left wing of the building. A dead silence suc ceeded; we were all too much astonished to speak, and we looked at one another. Then the silence, was broken by a murmur of triumph among the men, and -we were obliged to acknowledge that we had seen their ghost, and could not account for it. Various surmises and conjectures were broached, and we determined to discover what the ghost.was. Next day we were all astir early, and every room in the old monastery was examined ; not a corner but was thoroughly searched. Up and down, right arid left, above ground, and in the vaults below, not a place but re-echoed the, tread of our footsteps ; yet nowhere could we^ dis cover any trace of our strange visitor. You may imagine whether we searched the chapel through and through.' Seeing ; 'nothing, that' gave the. faintest cli^e to the mystery, we sent for. masons from the village, and had the chapel doors walled up. The windows were all barred and bolted, and we hoped that we had most effectually shut out, or shut in, the ghost. ' The day passed much as usual, except that we waited the evening with much anxiety, which increased as the time for taking up our watch approached. This time, all the oncers remained up, to keep watch together. Slowly the houra passed over, until t^egr^'at pl'ock struck twelve.' 'p.e'n' ' w'e 'stood, ready and intent, awaiting the next stroke, Half-Tpast twelve, a quarter to. one, and we were beginning to con gratulate ourselves on having effectually walled up the ghost, when the pale gr^ea light of the previous night again became visible. It shone through, the same windovy as before, and pre sently, bars and bolts giving way, the window flew open, and the spectral figure, with the lamp in its hand, stepped out into the air. It followed Ihe same course as it had taken previously, and in the same manner ; with only this difference, that it paused for a moment in its progress over the beds of five or six of the men, and breamed a sort of infernal hisa into each, pi' their faces. Again it came ploso to. us, and then 'vanished. \^p yvtcV? BWrl$e-iriill out p'redauliotiB' haa availed ue ' nothing, arid this' ; time' the dread apparition had emitted ' sounds sufficiently audible to b^e, heard by u^whQ were some dMapce, , '. ?'?.''?'??]' ' ? ':' What was to be done' next? ?..--, ...-. ' ' Whatever ?this, is,' said Harriaon, while his lips curled slightly with contempt, ? I am deter mined to drive it irom this place. We mu3t not allow ourselves to be frightened. Since I was a child I have been taught to reject ghosts, and I have no belief in ghosts. To-morrow night, if this thing appears, we must give chase. You will help .me?' he added, turning to me. .,'?'? ' Of course I promised to stand by him, though more +han doubtful of our doing any good.. It was agreed. that on' the' following night' we,' the officers, should divide into two parties, .one standing at the right wing, the other at the left ; and that we should' both 'rush on' this mysterious appearance at the same time, and by closing in upon it render escape impossible. In this plan the men' joined most heartily; '] i 'We are not cowards, yet, I 'confess it, the sight of this strangely mysterious apparition, with -its unearthly light, had made my blood run cold, ?while the looks of my companions had proved that they liked it as little as I did. ????'- ' Again night arrived, and again we took post in the: court-yard, waiting ' for the' accustomed hour. Our hearts beat faster when we saw the now well-known green light appearing at the chapel window. Slowly the white figure passed over the men's beds, holding up its pale lamp ; and I re marked, with something like a shudder, that it uttered the same diabolical hiss to the same six men as on the previous night. At a signal, we rushed forward from1 both sides and closed in The spectre seemed to understand our attempt, gave one of its fearful hisses into Harrison's very face, and then we! saw it walking (so it seemed) above our heads ; aud it vanished over the monas tery. .' . ' . ? ' ' ? ' Without a word from any one— for we were all too ' much horrified to speak — we re-entered the house, and sought our rooms. Harrison and I occupied a rooin together; and, as ^ye went into it, I remarked that his face and lips were ashy -.pale:1 ? ? ? ' ' For Heaven's sake,' he said, in a voice so .hollow that it made me start,'.' never speak of this : thing again, and let us leave this place as soon as possible' ' We went to bed, but did not sleep. The ap parition was constantly, before my eyes, while his hiss seemed stili ringing in my ears. I could hear, by the reatles tossing of my companion, that he, ? too, shared my vigils. At length,, after some ? weary hours, I fell' asleep, and when I awoke, late ,in the morning, I was pleased and relieved to see Harrison, sleeping 'soundly. ' We all met at breakfast; but, as if by one consent, seemed to avoid the subject of the apparition. I had serious thoughts of leaving the village, and seeking for billets elsewhere, only it was difficult, now that all our arrangements were made, to leave the place; not to speak of the embarrassment ..of explaining such an unusual proceeding. We agreed to remain where we were for a few days longer, in the hope that the order to march for Lisbon would soon arrive. I do not know that !an immediate removal from the monastery would have effected any change in the catastrophe of the story, except, perhaps, in some of its details ; but I greatly regretted at the time, and cannot but regret .to this day, that we did not devise some pretext to escape from that terri ble place. / ' ' We kept no jaore .watch for the ghost, and three nights passed by without any report being made from the men of its reappearance. 'One sunny afternoon— it was either the fourth or the fifth day after the last appearance ot the apparition— Harrison, and two other officers, set out on horseback for a neighboring' point of in terest. It was a glorious day, and we were all-in capital spirits, which seemed to be shared by our horses,: for they carried us lightly and swiftly along. .Harrison had a beautiful horse— a noble animal — a light chesnut,. and as quiet and gentle a hoise as ever man rode. It was the pride of its master, and the admiration of the regiment. We had ridden about a mile or more from the abbey, and were pausing to look at the view, which was very fine, when we per ceived an orderly coming towards us. He wanted to speak to Harrison, . and, as .our horses were impatient, we rode ? on slowly before, leaving Harrison to overtake us when his business was done. ''What on earth can be keeping Harrison?' said one of ray companions, after a time ; ? we shall lose our' ride.' ' 'Perhaps he had to turn bach,' I replied. ' We had better ride on ; mounted as he is, he will soon conae up with us.' ' We rode on, expecting every moment to see him arrive, yet no sound of his horse's feet reached us ; and so time passed, arid he came not. _' At any other time I would have thought nothing of it, except that ? pressing business must have obliged him to return to the monas tery; but the disagreeable occurrences of the previous week had rendered me unable to rid my self of a certain dim, vague presentiment of evil to come. Often and often since then have I re7 proached myself for not having obeyed its warn ing voice!; A sudden, turn in -the road widened the prospect before us, and we stopped again to wait for Harrison, and to admire the spreading country around. About two hundred yards from us towards the abbey was the lake already men tioned. We had not reined up many minutes when, in a voice of wonder and alarm, one of my companions exclaimed, ... ' ' There's Harrison 5 Good God ! what is he about ?.'? '«.' We all looked in the direction to which he pointed, and saw Harrison galloping at full speed .along the path which girded the lake. The reins were loose upon the horse's neck; the rider's hat had fallen off, and his hair, blown about by the wind, gave a v/ild appearance t;o his face. Before many seconds had elapsed, the horse gave a sud den swerve, and galloped straight into the l^e. The waters gurgled for a moment, and tb,en;,bbth horse and rider disappeared ! ' ' A few minutes brought us to the monastery, where we gave the alarm, andTihe men turned out with ropes and pole.a and' such rude drags as they could lay hok\ upon. Not a trace of Harri son or his hoise 'could be discerned, and for a full h^ur all' dur efforts to, discover tb,Q exact .spot whei?e they had sunk proved i);u;itl-eSB. At .last, one of our drags struck upon, some object, ;and first the horso !,\nd. then' Harrison l\im self was pulled, to shore. Both were, dead, of course, b^t never, .to my own dyias S^Y? »b»-' I , forget the peculiar expression, th'jtfnverahadowed p£ fnend'B. na& foefc ' 3$ yg» ^e of su,9h fewfal agony, such' intense anguish, that my heart sick ened, and though not a word was said by those around me, I could perceive that all were equally struck and confounded by it. More dreadfully painful and mysterious still, was the horror de picted over the face of the horse. 'Slowly and sadly the body of Harrison was brought home and laid ori the bed he had so lately occupied in life. As we undressed^him, I found in his bosom a small miniature likeness. It was the picture of a fair young face; I knew whose face, for Harrison had confided his happiness to me. I bent over ray friend, and cutting off a lock of liiB dark.- hair, I wound it gently round the little picture, and then put them up m paper,- and laid them carefully aside. ' 'The evening came. All . that ? remained to be ; done for our lost comrade had been done, arid we — that is, I myself and a few of the others— had ' gathered in his room to look over his effects j and see whether he had left any memoranda of wishes to be fulfilled. In, his desk there was a sealed letter to his mother, and another to the original of the miniature ; nothing else. That night I resolved to pas3 in his room, with two .. ' or three of my companions, keeping watch, by his body. A fearful gloom hung over iis as : we sat there in silence beside our' dead comrade, ' the favorite of every man among us. We were silent, near the window, when, just as the clock struck twelve, the apparition— seen by alT of us -—passed into the room, glided over to thp bed side, bent over the dead form, hissed into. the face, and vanished; : ', ; ' Next day, the body, of poor Harrison was buried beneath a. large spreading tree. I have ? been at the funerals of many officers and com rades, but never in my life h'ave I' attended one so sad. That very day we began our march to ' Lisbon, and before the end of the week em^ barked on board tho transports prepared/for us. Of the six men into whose faces the ap parition had hissed, or seemed to hiss, not one reached England. One threw himself overboard in a fit of madness, and five died on the voyage. ?' I have never been able to unravel the mystery of Harrison's death. It will never be unravelled now, I suppose, until the day when all secrets are revealed.'— All the Year Bound. ? Hurricane at Dunkelb. — A most curious phenomenon happened here yesterday afternoon. It had been. intensely hot during the whole of Sunday, a regular scorcher steadily blowing from tne north; this continued all night and yesterday, until about three p.m., when the temperature suddenly fell — the atmosphere becoming quite thick and murky, with . dense masses of thunder cloud rolling in from the north-west ; while thi distant peals of thunder, and an occasional flash of lightning, gave eve^-y token of an approaching storm ; and we had it, sure enough, exceeding in violence, during j;he time it lasted, anything of the kind I had ever witnessed. The hot wind ceasing we had a sullen sort of calm for a short : time, and then, just about four o'clock,. came a singular, rushing kind of noise through the air, for a minute or two, which, was succeeded by a regular tornado, accompanied by such a fall of. rain as to perfectly astonish me, if rain it could be called, for it was more like an immense body of water corning down with irresistible fury. What with the roaring of the wind and the rush of the fall !ng waters, there was no hearing a person Bpeak a few yards off— nothing could be seen at the dis tance of five or six feet, huge Iimb3 of. trees were hurled through the air like- so many feathers, while many a crash hard by, told of the havoc being committed among, the hoary mdnarchs of the forest. It was quite appalling while it lasted. A.11 was over in about a quarter, of an hour, and then came an houc or two's rain, but the night was fine, though cloudy.1 A friend just arrived from Hamilton, tells me there ' was a- considerable degree of damage caused there — the Presbyterianv Church, a fine new building, had its ; roof— a slate one — completely blown in, the whole of i& fulling inside the edifice. The, English Church and parsonage also , suffered. . A poar woman arid her child were sitting in their room, when the roof was whirled off their habita tion in a moment — endeavoring to make her escape, she found she could not open the door, owing to the external pressure of ? the win«V ?vhich however, canting the house, over. immedi-T. ately afterward, gave her an opportunity to escape which she gladly availed herself of— bu4 while making the best of her way to a I neighboring house, one of her own water caska pu/sued hei'j, (as it were) and bounding along stmckher on the; back of the head, knocking the . poor creatu?» down. She was carried into, a house close by quite insensible, but I believe is now in a fair way to do- well. The child escaped without any injury. No» doubt a large amount of damage and injury will be found to have been produced by this devastat ing hurricane when further accounts come in. ? Portland Guardian, 22nd Qotober. ? Parrots shown to rb,'- Intelligent. * — I hat© been thus minute in my instructions, with a vier ^ to teach the philosophy of the subject. A piajr 0* taught to understand wHat it says would bjw ome a companion— not, as now, a nuisance if } the neighborhood. It would be worth tea W jusand of those screaming, bellowing monstsQiii'' _iea tjlM we hear rattling away all, day lon&, saving the v know not what. Their enunciatiw*,! admit, mav be clear ; but their intelligenw£™wb'dt and where - ??.'t- .Tilev arue ?oisy carious/ nothing „ Gibberish is their stock- rartaadr ,. and excessive vulgarity their credential ?/ . . . Having taught your parrot &* many sp.ntauces as she can ? well understand, be. suTMy and. rehearse them with the^ bird, !|on time t-0 time, lest she should forget theaj,.. Ker uttit-.ndee, droll looks, lan guishing eyea, deep guttural. expression of fun, and.^agei;- desire to ?ay her lessons perfectly, will £l\ you with unceasing meuriinent. Observing the delight you take in her, she will take at special pains -to keep yom amused ; and so the time will pass happily away. . . . . It ia; ' '. vain for peoplei tcx tell iis birds are not intelligent. I have 6ome choice pets now;— little creatures, truly— btrt they are well uwarevof all that is going tor war d,. and take a lively interest in passing: matters. Their expressive notes, fully understood ? by nie, give charming indication 'of. their indi vidual feelings. I know precisely what they wanti and I never fail, to humor them in their harmless fancies. What love do I not receive in return !— William KUid in the ' ' Leisure: Hour.' Major MuA'va^ is recovering ^from. the wounds inflicted, upon lum by Roberts, ahd. is now residing ?with hia1 mother, in Hnvloy atroej;, Cavendielv square, ' ' ? . .'.?.. ? . ? 