SOMETHING LIKE A Sl'KKCH. , He Virginian Weekly Star, of the iud March, a journal published at Norgantown, in Virginia, gives the following report of the speech of Gen. Riley, in the House of Representatives of Mis- , •oun, 8tb February, 1861. After a long and ; heated discussion on the reference of a bill amend- i ing the charter of tlic city of Carondelet, to a standing committee of thellouse— | Mr. Riley obtained the floor Mid addressed the I House;-~Mr. Speaker,—Everybody is pitching; into (lie matter like toad frogs into a willow 1 swamp, on a lovely evening in the balmy month i of June, when die mellow light of the full tnoon j fills with • delioioui flood the thin, ctljeriul atmospheric air. (Applause.' Sir, I want to put in a word, or perhaps a word and a half There seems tobcadispositiontofight. I my, ifthere is any fighting to be done, come on with your com-oolw and lightning-bugs. (Applause.) In the language of the ancient Roman,— thli rock aha in a pig's eve. ^ . »great deal of bombast hoe to-day. 1 call itbombaM. from " Alpha" to wonisthough) Sir,the question to wfeMss nreat and magmfioent question. It it an all absorb ing question—like a sponge, air,—« luxe immeasurable sponge, of globe shape, in a tumbler of water —Hsuekstipevetything 8ir,Istand brae with die weapons I have designated, to defend the right* of St. Louis county, the rights of any other county— even the county of Cedar itself Q^iterud applause.) Sir, the debate has assumed a latitudinoaty- We have had a little black jack buncombe, a little two-bit bunoombe, bombast buncombe, bung-hole buncombe, and the devil and his grandmother know* what other kind of buncombe. (Laughter.) Why, sir, just give some of 'em a little Southern soan and alii tie Northern water, and quicker than a hound pup can lick a skillet tbey will make enough buncombe lather to wash the golden flock that roams abroad the autre meads of heaven." (Cheers and laughter.) I allude to the stam firmament The Speaker: The gentleman is out of order. He must confine himself to the question. Mr. Riley: Just retain your linen if you please I'll stick to the text as close as a pitch plaster to a pine plank, or a lean pig to a hot jam rock. (Cries of "Go on," "YouUldo.") I want to wy to these corboneriferous eent!eme&, these igneous individuals, these detonating demonstrators, these perecinouj volcanoes, come on with your combus iiblS! If I don't—well l it suck tbe Gulf of Mexico through a goose quill. (Laughter and applause.) Perhaps you think I am a diminutive tuber and sparse in the mundane elevation. You may discover, gentlemen, vou are laboring under as great a misepprehenaon as though you hid incinerated your inner vestment. In the language of tbe noblebard, I was not bora In a thicket, To be scared by a cricket. (Applause.) —Sir, we have lost our proper position. Our proper position is to the aemth and nadit^-our heads to tbe one, our heels to the other, at right angle with the horizon, spanned by that scare archof the lustrous firmament, bright with the corruacations of innumerable constellations, and proud as a speckled stud horse on county court day. (Cheers.) "But how have the mighty frlleu, in the language of the poet Silversmith. We have lost our proper position. We have assumed a aloshihdieular or a diagonologiesl position. And what is the cause ? Echo answers, " Buncombe," sir, « Buncombe," The people hire been fed on buncombe; whilst a lot of spavined, riagboned, hamstrung, windgalled, sywynered, spUthoofed, distempered, pdlevilled, potbellied, politicians have bad their noses in tbe public enb until there ain't fodder enough lelt to mske a garnel for a sick grasshopper, (Cheers and laughter ) Sir, these hungry brats keep togging at tbe publit pap. They aay, " let down your milk, Sucky, or you'll have a spilt bag" Do they think tbey can atufl euch buncombe down our craw? No, sir, you might as well try to stuff butter in a wild cat with a hot awl. {Cea tinned laughter.) The thing can't be did. He public grindstone is a great institution, airier, a great institoiou One of the greatest, perhaps, that ever ro«, reigued, or fell. But, air. there a too much private eutlery ground. The thing won't pay. Ooeastonally a big axe is brought in to be fixed up, ostensibly for the parpose of hewing down the gnarled trunks of error, and clearing out the brushwood of ij I of i gnorance and folly that obstruct the public high ways of progress. Tbe machine whirls, tbe axe a apjdied The lookers on are enchanted with the brilliant sparks elicited. The tool is polished; keenlyedged ; and, while tbe public stare in gaping expectancy ol seeing the road cleared, the implement n slyly taken off to improve the private acres oi some ^iaHhful friend of tbe people." What is the result? The obstructions remain unmoved. The people curse because the car lags—or, if it does move, 'tia«t tbe expense of a broken wheel, and jaded and soiebacked team. I tell you, tbe th won't pay. He time will come when the a promontories of theae disinterested grinders will be put to the (tone, instead of their hardware. (Applause.) I am mighty afraid the machine is a going to stop. Tbe grease is giving out th undoing fait It i* beginning to creak on itsaxia. Genttemen, it is my private opinion, confidentially r^wt j thUaU the " grit 'u pretty near worn on. (Applause.) Mr. Speaker, you must excuse Be for my Utitwiiuualtj and eircumlocutatiness My old Wonderboss scatters amaiingiy, but if anything geti peppered, U ain't my fault if tbey are In the way. 8ir, these dandadical, eupcriquirtical mil»^«ny-fieed gentry—what do tbey know about freedom f About hss moch, Sir, aa atorfftr*ktiow«ofWgbgW. Do they think tbey can escape me F 111 follow them through Pandemotiiqpi *sd high water! (Chews and laughter.) Theee a» the ones that bawgot our liberty pole off ita peipendictilarity. 'Tu they who would rend tbe star and stripes—that noble tbe blood of our revolotionary Others emblemed in its ted. Tbe purity of the tauie for they died—denoted by the «Wte, rte Mae-the &«d™u thev tttalned, IflteHto aint* air that irraps their native hilto aaJ Tlngef» on their lovely plains. (Cheers.) Tbe hidi Wtd of liberty «ts perched onthe topmortfawTch, to thee U fecedbo salt o&bfegloriowUSL; hi* noble pioknu to »»r kgr«a the, ware n&mrfiMdpote.; Butbt shelteringto Ptome a shaft to ftetp M» BeWejhw* i « h the mam, nubTim «> 4gn ^ toMe. (Applan*.) Alaa, poor bird, if tbey Wve youtomthebiMchea of the hemlock of ft® Sortt, aod tbepimmrttin erer totbefum tweof thV West, and we wUl protect your noble birdsbip, i white waw growi taima«rau».(lin«eiiK»pplauie.) Mr. Speaker, I«u&aefortbe;|in»eut Vft leani fh)m tbe bi* Tm* that M^or yel- Wrton ha. derided on app«lin ? from d»J(wd»t IN® % tite j«y to the late tml.and tbeowthe pnte&t; tenv&ld;) ertumenoed on tbe lfith A ^ ^ i»rtatoatb»te«Bptions<in three legal msta Willibnn tbe baihi ofthe appeal . ladnS^dontlielburth day, when the mail vettttt. Thiafpmwaionly sent as an iostaltent, • „ AnytUag the iMtter with the g r ^ . f St. rml'ibMfawwateKa an omeuof lll tothe fcmOy, A corre^ondent of to ihengrntag i gteedinglhe Friday on b ? J?"^ ° K«t died, the gttsat bell of Westmmster, owing |«<Wg«ne5t ofthedoek, .track t^twdw Uwaat&ur; ud Are o'clonk, and tbe w ^ 0 ^ telERSfitfMASB intheiwsl&mily;, A r«r euriou* newspaper has made itsappwftotr ft * b ' ind m * n ' Mapodum are deaf fork b performed by the blind; the papMs.are aid wrapped by mute.." b T«J* OedoBg Adcertitrr says—" As an elegant commentary on Mr. Haines 1 address to his Kxodlency, we commend to tbe attention of that gentlenian and his supporters the following stern but straightforward' remonsti^nce against alissolation ofthe British House of Commons, by one of its most distinguished members, Edmund Burke: —' H is the undoubted prerogative of the Crown to dissolve Parliament j but we beg to lay before his Majesty that His of all the trusts vested in his Majesty the most critical and delicate, and that m which this House has the most reason to require not only the good laith but the favour of the Crown. If our authority Is only to be held un when we coincide in opinion with his Majesty's adrisert, but is to beset at nought the moment it differs from them, the House of Commons will tank, into a mere appendage of administration." {here might be more inappropriate reading at the preeent moment than the following extract from " Burke'* Political Axioms.' The votes of a myority ofthe people, whatever their infamous flsttererB may teach in order to corrupt their minds, cannot alter the moral any more than they can alter the physical essence of things. The W»ple are not to be taught to think lightly of their engagements to their rulers, nor should "'eir rulers think lightly of their eagagemests towards them. In that kind of game the people are wire to be the losen in the end. But as no one of us men can dispense with public or private faith, or with aay tie of moral obligation, so neither can any number of us. Men love to hear of their power, but have an extreme disrelish to be told of their doty, because every duty is a limitation of some power. Indeed, arbitrary power is ao much to the depraved taste of the vulgar of every description, that almost all the dWnsimis which lacerate the commonwealth are not concerning the manner in which it is to be exercised, but concerning the hands in which it is to he placed. Somcwfiete they are resolved to have it. Look, gentlemen, to tbe wkoi* lenor of your member's contact. Try whether his ambition or his avarice tuwe jottled him out of the straight line of duty, preventatives by servility, it will be absurd to expee* that they will ever he l«»ld and uncorruptible aaertera of our freedom. Nor shall we improve the faculties or better the morals of public men by our possession ofthe most infallible receipt in the wwM for making cheats and hypocrites. Where men are not acquainted with each other's principle*, nor experienced in each other's talents, nor at all practised in their mutual habitudes and dispositions by joint efforts in business, no personal confidence, no common interest subsisting among them, it is evidently impossible that they ean ad a publicpart with uniformity, perseverance, or efficacy. Let us learn from our experience. * * * " When a government stands upon private humour ita structure is of stubble •ad its foundation is on quicksand, there is nothing to hold it firm to any one body of men, or to anv consistent scheme or polities. Tbe system of *d"- ministration is open to continual shocks and changes upon tbe principles of the meanest cabal and tbe most contemptible intrigue. A rouse Mia, just arrived in Melbourne from the BiUeboog, expired suddenly at a dining house in Melbourne, on Saturday, directly alter eating his dinner. He had gone to Melbourne to get advice for a complaint of the ebesfc Pollwo 1'laces —Mr. Healee stated in tbe Assembly, yesterday afternoon, that he had given instructions in his department for all the returning officers throughout the colony to be communicated with, for the purpose of ascertaining if they had any recommendations to make as to the redistribution of polling places in the electoral distriets resultjng from the new electoral roll. It was the intention of the Government, be said, to give every possible facility to the electors of the colony to record their vote*. —Herald, June 22. A PuBucas's " Lmts Bin."—At the Yass Quarter Sessions, a publican named Quail sued aix gentlemen, forming t committee who had given a banquet to Mr. Cowper, at Stoney Creek, for the liquor supplied at the spread The amount claimed from each as his share of the drinks was X80 I2t making a total of £483 15». Itanappears that the whole cost of tbe dinner itself was only £60. "Only one balf-peonywerth of bread to this intolerable quantity of sack. "—Bar dsrPoMi. CtnuRE of BussaisusEs.—A bushranger known as Jack-in-boota, who was notorious in the Adelong district, was captured a few days ago in the neighborhood by two youths named Ilargrsves sod Holloway On Sunday last, two fellows were brought to tbe camp at Lambing Fist charged with horee-ttealing. In company with two others, who had etcaped. tbey had taken the horses from a stockman, and had jireesed him into their service as a guide. On their releasing him, he went to the neighbours, and tbe fellows wet banted down, and two of them captured, the others effecting their ettape. — QmShtmrne Herald. With reference to the capture of Jackin-booU, the iTynyan! Timet Kays:—" From an individual just returned, we have gleaned the following pariiculsrs:—It would seem that this notorious scoundrel was in pursuit of his netarious practices on the road at Lambing Flat, near Hurley's elation, where he fired at, and then robbed and cruelly b⁢ a bullock driver. His victim, meeting with his mates, determined to fellow, and, if possible, catch him Tracking the redoubled Jack to Moseley's shanty, where he had ordered bid and supper, tbey at once threw themselves upon him, and in spite of a vi -orous resistance, ultimately capwed him. To fasten bun securely by a bullock chain to a dray, and guard him with his own pistol, whilst two went to Gundagai for the police, was thei- next step These soon arriving, botrad hard and fist, and closely guarded, Jsdt Molloy, once more, happily fe warty, fcand him*lf under the protection of Her Msywty. He was examined ra Gradual yesterday, displaying bis uuul hardihood and Indifference. The esse was fully proved against him, and he was committed, to find, we trust, when they next meet, the Governor of Dsriinghnrst a little more careM to retaining bi« gpst. We understand that two saddle bags of jewellery, watches,etc, were found In hiipo«ession Ma. Edwin Jasics,—The followingisfrom the correspondent of the Ballaiv: Shw: The halfexplsioed mystery of Mr. Edwin James's retirenrat from politioel life, which set every one gueeeing what tbe English papers could mew in msntioning the fact in such a peculiar way. h« been cleared up, it u said, by certain private letter» which bave reached Meltwurne by the Jast mail. The drcumrtjnees, as told to me, are of ao aerioiw a nature that it is not improbable that Mr. Junes may be the defendant in a theatre wherein he has long held B?e*t swk; u a leading oounsel in de&noeof; criminals. His fall w«id to bave proceeded from the curse «f gambling, wd tbe circumstauoes, as at preaent known, would im one to believe Mr. James an exceedingly sharp man, and his victim an exceeding fool. Tbe bsrristerinquationhad gambled wi^ap^w^ icted even cave the this cheque, and fill it up for the amount you h*ve iMtrifce young gambler took the dieque to Mr. James and gave it to him, with tbe request that be would fill it up for the necessary mm and cry quit*. This ii all very well. and of oourae al! the more aristocratic because of h. having «o l.tt e buiineNinlt. Kot long afterwards, however, the blank cheque Earl fcad hu attention drawn to his bank book, which presented the utmiual appearimoc of havipg a cheque entered against tbe ear for i:30,000, without that geotleman being at all wnicious of ever having dravro «ueh»a«rao r Sriwl it to bcdxawB. Tbe Mrt batch, of ^ ^ U i i o n ' o T - M r . O a f d w d l t o ^ l NewoaaUe'a aooepianoe of the uownor- uenaraijhip of India. Cass or IkiBtiNo Ai.ivc.—The following nwful case of burying alive is reported in a late communication on this distreseine subject, addressed to the Sydmy Morning Htrnbi:—"A young gentlewoman,\be Baroness of Armfcld, had arranged for her confinement to take place in the country house of her father, a wealthy ironfounder at Bystadt. Exhausted by her labours, she sank under the pain before the accouchement waa finished. In the meanwhile she was to all appearance lifeless. No one could detect that her ooudition was only a temporary tainting, accompanied with insensibility. She was pronounced to be dead, and wu buried in a family vault under the principal altar ofthe church, As the aexton returns home at night, he hears, as he pa«sea by the church, sighing and wailing, apparently coming up out of the earth. He i» horrorstruck, and believes he bears a ghost. He rushes off, and relates his adventure to his companions. The most courageous of them venture to the spot from whence tie cries proceed j they hear the words, uttered with a weak voice, «0, Godl mercy I mercy l' Not one of them had the courage to enter the church. A sudden terror compeli them Jo flight, convinced that what they had heard was the cry of some wandering spirit who needed their intercessions. As on the following day the aexton entered tbe church, a horrible si^ht jire.entcd itself:—a lady who had died in giving birth to a child was swimming in her blood, a holding a dead child in her arms. The unhappy younif lady had recovered her conscious- "ew n> the coffin. By the discovery, and by tbe return of consciousness, the pains of labour were renewed. In her doubt as to where she was, she had the strength to push open tbe cover of her coffin and to come up out ofthe vault. Her cries were heard by the stupid inhabitants of the «1- I*ge. She was helpless, and died within a short distance of her father's mansion." FsiGarDL Mokdcb.—A fearful crime was committed oa Tuesday at the Militia Barracks, Kin^ston-upon-Thamea. The victim wis a fine young woman, only twenty years old, named Diana Wiefcena, and while asleep she wm murdered by her step-sister, a married woman, the wife of a sergeant-major in the 3rd regiment of tbe 1 loyal Surrey Militis, who, while in that state, nearly revered her head from her body, dividing tbe right carotid artery, the jugular vein, and the windpipe with a raaor. It would seem that the husband of tbe wretched woman, who is highly respected by his officers, had left bis bed about seven o'clock in the morning, and gone out into the barrack-yard, leaving his wife in her own bed and the unhappy decesaed in an adjoining room, where she slept upon a temporary bed, made up for her upon a sofa, and his wife must have got np almost immediately, taken one of her husband's mors from the drawer in which it was kept, and then proceed d to the adjoining room, where the deceased wis lying. I'here appears to be very little doubt that at the time she was asleep, and lying on her left side, and while in that position the murderess inflicted a dreadful wound upon tbe right side ofthe neck, which was uppermost, thus causing the injuries above described. Instantaneous death would not appear to have been the result, for there is very little doubt that upon the firstsensation of pain tbe poor creature raised one of her bands, and in sodoingreoeived aserereityury upon he-- finders. She then got out of bed. and staggered for about six feet into the adjoining room, where she fell dead, literally covered with Mood. Dr. Coly and Mr. Sodlow Boots, surgeons at Kingston, the latter gentleman being surgeon to the police {broe, were speedily in attendance, but all human aid was, of course, unavailing. After committing the dreadfcl deed the wretched woman, went out to the barrack-yard, where she met a sergeant belonging to the regiment named Oats, to wham she at once stated that she had murdered her sister, and she then went to the pump and washed her hands, which were covered with blood. A constable belonging to the V division of police was then sent for, and tbe prisoner was taken to the police-atatkm. The occurrence created the most intense anxiety in the town. The only possible motive suggwted for the crime is jealousy, for which, however, there appears to have been no foundation. At the examination before the Magistrates, on Wednesday, when the above facts were given in evidence, the prisoner repeatedly interrupted tbe witnesses, exclaiming " It cannot be true; it is a dream; pray for me, pray for me," &c.; her mind being evidently in a fearful state of excitement. She wm committed for trial Br'ttol Mercury, March 30. A Sroav or the Sooth.—A few years since, an American merchant, not unknown or unregarded by me, wss compelled to demand payment of a debt from a banker of high standing in a Southern city, whose affairs, it wss generally reported, wss get.ing dsily more and uiore embarrassed. The banker, after many turns and windings, at last reluctantly fixed on a day for an interview and a settlement. The day came, tbe men met; the merchant calm and inflexibly persistent, the banker pale, uneasy, restless, and disconcerted. Suddenly the banker leaped to the door, double-locked it, and putting a revolver to the merchant's head, swore he would blow his braius out if he did not instantly si^n an acquittance freeing him from all charges. He expected to intimidate, but the miserable dastard little knew my friend. He knew the ii eating coward did not dare to fire, and he braved him, and forced him at last, cowed and baffled, to open the door, and let him forth. The instant he left the house, he went to a friend and chose a second, named rifles as tbe weapons, distance forty paces, each man as he fired to advance ten paces for the second shot, till one or both fell. Half that night, laving his friends in hit hotel bar to drink and wrangle afiout his quarrel, tbe merchant spent preparing for death, alone in his bed- room He would not drink, he said, because he was determined to kill bis man. Tbe other half be went to bed to sleep toundly, so that his nerves might be in full tension, and bis eve and aim cure, oa the morrow. But at daybreak the bedroom door opened, and a friend entered, fringing a message of retractation from tbe banker. At first the merchant would not receive the message He wanted no apology. Nothing bat a lite would satisfy him. It was a great crime be had to revenge. Three times repulsed, three times the herald returned, with each time fuller and fuller offers of contrition and abasement The villain was a coward. Next day, in full Exchange, and amid friends and enemies, the guilty raau knelt to hit injured foe, and confessed bis sib. Perhaps not cowardice bowed him, but the sense of deep contrition and shame. From that day to this the guilty man has never lifted up his bead among Bis companions. He walks the streets of — a branded and disgraced coward. Ye«rs ago this happened : vet wheo tbe merchant told it me, his eyes kindled like those of a hungry wolf when he smells food, his great chest dilated, and his sinewy bands seemed to f«el round him fbr his rifle. Yet be was as tender-hearted a man as ever kissed a child', forehead, and, save when roused by iaiulti would not have hurt a fly.— Tempi* Bat. Nine vesrt before he died, verging upon 70, Sydney Smith said that one of the evils of age was thinking every little illness wu the beginning ofAbe end. When a man expects to he arrested, every knock at tbe door is an alarm The EngUihman remarks:—We do not know that we may not just now be notiag one of those strange trifles vmieh occasionally lead to moat important diaeoverte* and great results. Captain Duggan, ofthe birque Truro, last fromUife Mauritius, bought in the market there three ducks. When these were killed he noticed in the crop of each fbwl some very curious small particles, whiah on examination proved to be very minute " nuggets," in other words mall lumps of virgin gold. These must have been picked up by the ducks in tbelr foraging expeditions at home, and would Imply that gold tilfta, to eotn« appreciable extent, atleut, in ttu waterooune. of the Mauritius. A bauxo and Ingenious attempt has been made to rob the New York Exchange Bank, »«tuated at tbe corner of Greenwich and atneta. Tbe thieves actually dug a tunnel under the foundation to the length of seventy feet. They tuooeeded in gaining aooess to the vault, but tbe Bafe wltbinthia rwwttd all their attempts, and thty wwefluued to gtvfrup tbfcjob in dbgutt. America* Paper. A N'rw Sourn Amseicab Kjko —The last letters from the Andes, in South America, bring a curious piece of intelligence. A Frenchman has proclaimed himself King of Araucania; has appointed ministers j and has given biajjeople, composed of savage tribes a constitution at f ood as many others. The right of succession is established in the line oi direct descendants of his Majesty Orelie-Antoine 1. In case of his dying without issue, the crown will devolve to one of tbe members of his family in such order as shall be hereafter established by royal ordinance. Araucania is divided into departments and oommunett, with prefects, prefectorial councils, municipal councili, Sat. The French oode is acted on in the kingdom. The constitution establishes the attributions and privileges of the king, the unity of the Araueanian people, and the equality of all peraons in tbe eye of the law. Tbe king's real name is Orelie-Antoine, of Tonndns (l^ot-et- Garonne). He has been living for six yean peat wnonff tbe tribes in the south of Chili, wboae dilef he became, and exercised considerable influence among them. Kxwspartrs m Boms.—Even the getlius of Mr. Dickens was never able to explain satisfac- Hall, and never intended anything to be taught there, should hsve thought it necessary to engage an uahcrtoteaehnothing; and exactly in the same way, it is an insoluble question why tile Pontifical Government, which never tells anything, and never intends anything to be told, should publiah papers in order to tell nothing. The greatest minds, are not exempt from error; and it mast be some hidden flaw in tbe otherwise perfect Papal system, that the existenoe of newspapers in the sacred city i* to be ascribed. The marvel of Ma own being must be to the Eomiu journalist a subject of constant contemplation. The preis ofRome boasts of three papers. There is the Gianule <ii Roma, the Diario foaan, and, la«t and least tbe Vera Amico M Popolo. The Giornalt di Soma is the only one that has the least pretence to the name or a newspaper; it is, indeed, the official paper, the London Gazette of Home. It consists of fot,r pages, a little larger in size than those of the Es~ am*er, with about as much matter as is contained in two psges of the English journal. Tbe type is delightfully large, and the spaces between the^ines are really pleasant to look at; next to a Roman editor, the position of a Roman compositor must be one of the easiest berths in the newspaper world. Things are taken my easily here, and the GiornaU never appears till six o'clock at night, to the writers and printers cau take their pleasure and be in bed betimes. There is no wsoe on Sundays and Feast-days, which occur with delightful frequency. This ideal journal, too, baa no fixed price. The yearly subscription is seven scudi, which cornea to between a penny and five farthings a number; but for a single copy you are asked twopence halfpenny. This, however, must be regarded as a fancy price, as sinj, e copies are not an article on demand: tbey can only be obtained, by the way, at tbe office of the Gazette in the Via delta Stamperia, and this office is closed from noon, I think, to sunset.—.Rome in 1660. A WSLSB EcCUSSfaSTfCAL CoifMiaglOKSB Birching A Hioh Sugairr —The works ofGiraldua Cambrensis, edited by Professor Brewer, have just been published. The Critic, in a review of the works, refers to the following strange incident: 1175 be became Archdeacon of lireektMttk in a somewhat curious manner, having previously obtained the patronage of the Archbishop of Canterbury. llis own neighbourhood first supplied him with ecclesiastical defects which called for amendment. Tbe prelates of St. David's bad been negligent, and the people of Pembroke and Cardi- m had ceased to pay tithes oi wool and cheese. f o hasten to the Primate of England and call his attention to these laic enormities was the first step ofthe zealous Giraldus. Armed with due authority he overcame tbe scruples of his countrymen, and succeeded in reeoveriiK the rights of tbe Church. A man in authority, William Karquit high sheriff ofthe eooaty, not only refused to pay his tithes, but actually, in defiance ofthe arehiepncopal commission, earned off eight yoke of oxen trora the priory of Pembroke. The young Commissioner's course was prompt. He convened the monks and clergy, and with bell, book, and caudle, prepared to carry out the dread.ul sentence of excommunication. Tbe robber (predo) could not withstand such terrible preparations, but hastened to the cattle of Llanwadain, and, in the presence of bis diocesan, the bishop of St. David's, aa well as of Girsldaa, and .his colleague, Michael, made humble submission, restored the booty, and was absolved after he had been birched (vi.gi* verberari)" " My conscience, hang a bailie l" said Master Kiwi Jarvie, in amazement and horror; bat we think flogging a high sheriff may fsirlv be considerad to come next in enormity to taking tbe life of tbe minor dknitary. If a ship makes eight knots an hour, how long wiU abe take to make a crochet collar f Funny—to aec a milkman looking over tbe " prices current" to see how chalk is going. In tbe game of life men most frequently play the knave, and woman tbe dence. The present is a very artificial state ot society, as the monkey said when his master put breeches on him. Geceral Lane, in an after-dinner speech, declared that he wai too fdUfar utterance. It is said that tbe ivy will not cling to a poisonous tree or other substance. What a pity that tbe tendrils of a woman's heart have not the same wholesome and salutary instinct 1 The famous William Penn bed a scapegrace relation, whom our punning ancestors described as a pea that had been "often cut, never mended." [Advebitseiiixt.]—A disease of the skis of 12 years' standing cured by Holloway'* Ointment and Villi.—Mr. Anderson, residing in Malagas, C. G.H., was fourteen years afflicted vrith a most inveterate disease of the skin. The whole of the body was covered, and occasionally the arms and legs with tbe same disfigurement; he consulted many Physicians was net benefitted, Indeed, lie became worse, until he waa disabled from following his profession entirely. He then, (like thousands of others) commenced using Holloway's Ointment and Pills, which entirely cured him in eight weeks after all other means were tried unsuccessfully. 