SOCIAL. POPULAB IECTT7UE3. The praiseworthy efforts now being made in this colony to interest and instruct the people by means of public lectures on literary and scientific sub'teeta demand a. word of grateful recognition and helpful encouragement irom the public Pre33. The platform lecture has now become a recognised educational institu tion in the old country, and bids fair to obtain i proportionate importance and value amongst us. Noble Lords, members of Parliament, idergymen, and gentlemen of tho Press in Eng land are giving themselves to thia work with a e al and talent which deserve high commenda tion. We believe the Earl of Carlisle was the Bret of the patrician order who descended from the high pedestal on which the old and aclusive aristocracy of Britain were wont ;o stand to mingle with the artisans and operatives in the busy borough of Leeds, to in ituct them by his wisdom and cheer them by bis sympathy. His example has been exten (ively followed, and it is/now no uncommon Ihing to find upon the platform of Mechanics' [nstitutes the noble and titled of the land, iparfc from the positive instruction communi cated by a lecture of an hour's length, there is ?eal good in thi3 new feature of the times, iny arrangement which brinss the separate :lasses of the community together, and especi illy into such close and friendly conuection as ;hat which subsists between a lecturer and his audience, must be productive of happy results. We therefore hail this aa a cheering and lopeful sign of the tiviea which are passing -ver us. It is good for the lecturer, however ligh his rank, to meet face to face with the nen wko-e quickened intellects and brawuy irms have done so much to build ip the fabric of England's manufacturing ind commercial greatness ; and it is good for :he people to have the assurance of sympathy vith their struggle and interest in their social idvancement on the part of the classes above -hem which these lectures give. We are glad hat the system of public lecturing is so surely :aking root amongst us in this colony. We ire called upon from time lo time to report in )ur columns the delivery of useful and popular ectures, which seem to be appreciated by arge and intelligent audiences ; and we under stand there is a great demand made on the services of competent gentlemen, from many aarts of the province-, for aid in this direction. We rejoice, therefore, to find that the Board of Grovernors of the South Australian Institute have taken the matter in hand on behalf of Iho country Institutes, and have originated i scheme for supplying them, at a reasonable :ost, with lectures on popular and interesting subjects, by gentlemen who have attained a ivell-cstablished reputation in this department af public labour. The regulations under which the country Institutes can avail them selves of the benefits of this scheme are now before us, and seem to us to be admirably adapted to secure tho end in view. 'Each Institute is to pay the sum of one guinea for each lecture delivered, an-I half the travelling 3xpeu«es of tho lecturer,' the Governors, we presume, supplementing this fee with an equal sum, and paying the other half of the travelling expenses. ' If possible, lecturers and secre taries to arrange so that the lecturer inay visit two or more neighbouring Insti tutes on the same occasion, and thereby save travelling expenses.' These are the most important of the regulations, and will dhow the Local Committees the advantageous terms on which they may secure for their In stitutes first-class lectures by fir3t-rias3 men. We believe that, as a rule, the oaly way to obtain lectarcs worth hearing is by paying the lecturers for their labour. The man who works with his brain has as much right to compensation for his labour as he who works with his hands; and Local Committees have no more right to ask a lecturer to give them a free lecture than they have to esk a printer to advertise it for nothing, or to ask a carpenter to lit out a lecture-room with benches as his contribution to the Society. It is quite time that this fair and just principle should be recognised and acted upon. We have heard of instances where gentlemen haw had, in addition to giving a gratuitous lecture, to pay their own travelling expenses. We can only suppose that this has arisen from want of thoEght on the part of the Managers or Com mittees. They could never be guilty of the inten tioEal meanness of bringing gentlemen from their homes to a considerable distance for their benefit and leave them positively out of pocket by their labour. We think, therefore, the Governors of the South Australian Institute have adopted a wise and just course in securing to the lecturer, if not an adequate remuneration for his labour, at least a proper acknowledg ment of that labour. The honorarium, what ever the amount, recognises the equitable principle that ' the labourer is worthy of his hire.' We hope the country Institutes will not fail to avail themselves of the liberal offer made by the Governors of the South Australian Insti tute. It will be to their interest to obtain the occasional services of gentlemen ablo by their education and intelligence to contribute to the instruction and amusement of their members. Local Institutes are apt to languish when left to themselves ; but an interesting and instruc tive lecture, occasionally delivered by a gentle man of known ability, will act as afilip to their digging energies, and leave a healthy influence baiiind it. The value of a popular lecture i3 two-fold ; first, it presents the results of exten sive reading and considerable thought in a compact and interesting form— giving the hearers the results without the labour of the processes (and this is no email advantage in a 2ommunity like ours, where, unfortunately, the mass of the people havo but little time fir reading or studj) ; and, secondly, it ought to bo made* a source of amuse ment as well as an instrument of instruction — the dry principles and naked bones of thought being verified and clothed with grace'ul ornament, and brightened with oocasionsl flashes of wit or humour. We have few enough amusements in this cokny ; and when wo can, in communicating important infor mation, make people merry as well as wise, we have achieved a great good. We are glad to sec an audience put into good humour by a dry stroke of wit or a racy anecdote by a lecturer wise enough to combine amusement with instruction, and who has too much sense to think he is sinking the dignity of the teacher when he makes his audience laugh at his occasional sallies. It positively has done us good to listen to the loud and cheerful laugh of half a dozen sharp boys at an interesting lecture, who have instantly caught the good points of the lecturer, and, restrained by no rules of rigid propriety, have loudly testified their pleasure. Moliero read his comedies to his housekeeper, and found that where she laughed he was right, for the audienc3 gene rally laughed at the same passages ; and so we believe where clever sharp lads find amuse ment a good thing has been said. From tho list of subjects on which gentle men are prepared to lecture, and which we presume has been sent to the various Insti tutes, we think we can promise our readera both instruction and amusement. There are biographical subjects in abundance, from Hampden the patriot to Macaulay the histo rian ; scientific subjects belonging to earth, air, and ocean ; subjects of poetic literature and criticism, embracing gome of the grandest names in the long beadroll of literature. Po our readers want to know all about 'The Gipsies,' or a few good ' Ghost Stories,' or something of the history of 'Bubbles,' then let them send for the gentlemen who are pre pared to enlighten and amuse them on these subjects and a hundred others beside. We wish every success to this new attempt to supply the people with healthy sources of information and recreation ; and trust it will be appreciated and encouraged as it deserves to be. THE SOCIETY OF ARTS. The South Australian Society of Arts has at length redeemed its oft-repeated promise by the establishment of a School of Design. By an announcement in our advertising columns it appears that a drawing class is now esta blished in the Society's room at the Institute, and conducted upon the principles of Schools of Design in the mother-country. It is refresh ing in the midst of the great activity of the colonial mind in the direction of business to see that there are some persons amongst us who find the time and have the inclination to promote the interests of art. Let them depend upou it, they will not go unrewarded. Humble though their doings may at first appear, it is probable that when much that now occupies public attention has passed away they will be remembered as the lovers and cherishers of art when art was as yet but little regarded. In the mother country the progress in the fine arts made in the last ten years is something astonishing, particularly in the popular distribution of cor rect art principles — a change which has been brought about principally by the establish ment of Schools of Design at all the centres of population and manufacture. At the Great Exhibition of 1862 it is probable that this progreBB will be rendered distinct and sensible as compared with the Exhibition of 1851, in which it was obvious to every impartial art critic that the productions of French artiatB, though often meretricious, far excelled those of our countrymen in elegance of design. Probably it was owing to a perception of this deficiency that the movement in favour of Schools of Design has received such general support in England. Manufacturers who used to be content with abortions of home design, or were driven to the alternative of import ing designs from France, can now, with native artists, 8ucce33fully compete with foreign designs. The South Australian Society of Arts at its Bommencement in 1857 made the establish ment of a School of Design one of the mo3t important of its objects, and for that purpose was enabled, by the liberality of its supporters, to send to England for a great part of the ne cessary material for a large drawing class. Considerable delay took place in the execution af this order, and it was not till two years later, in 1859, that the Society was sufficiently n funds to order the casts which at present idorn the rooms. Tiiese materials are now rendered useful to the studeut of art by tho Drivilege of entry enjoyed by each subscriber, ind more practically by the establishment of slasses under the guidance of Mr. Hill. The Committee of the Society, wisely feeling heir way on untried ground, have fixed ouly me class— that in the evening from 7 till half )ast 9, leaving the day classes to be arranged as :ircumstance3 may secin to direct. Although his class has made but a humble commence sent in point of numbers, we venture to pre iict that it will become one of tho most popular -f those connected with the Institute. While the Society is thus actively prose luting its aims regarding the School of Design, here is in the matter of exhibitors a previous nactivity to be atoued for. The Exhibition of Lpril last ought properly to have been held n October, 1860, and was due to the sub scribers of that year. This has occasioned some confusion, which can only be remedied -y returning to the former usage. The fi-.th innual Exhibition will consequently be held lext October ; and owing to the limited time preventing the possibility of procuring any art -bj?cts from England for that purpose, the lsual Art Union will be ouiitteJ, aud the Exhi bition, in addition to the colonial pictures, will ;onsist wholly of engravings and photographs —a variation from former Exhibitions which pro trust the Society will find to be duly appre ciated by the public. It is feared by lriehds of :he Society that the omission of the Art Union will make a great reduction in the number of subscribers ;~but we question the grounds of this conclusion. The public has given the 3ociety too many unmistakable proofs that the favour with which it is regarded does not pro ceed from so mercenary a motive as the mere pro3pcct of a prizj at an Art Union, but is the result of a real regard for the interests of ire and a desire to promote art culture iu the colony. An additional attraclion will bo pos sessed by the October Exhibition. All works af art or objects of a kindred nature w:;ich have been sent into the General Committee of the Great Exhibition of 1862 will be exhibited by tho Society of Arts ; and we observe that such works of art as shall be deemed worthy will be selected from the Exhibi tion, and the cost of conveying them to London and back defrayed by the Society, and tue works themselves exhi bited at this the second World's Fair. In Sydney and Melbourne prizaa are offered with the same objects in view. We trint, there fore, that this province will in art take a place proportioned at least to iier population and wealth. With reference to the colonial productions exhibited Ia3t April we arc sorry we cannot compliment the Society. There was a ve-y liberal and tolerably varied prize-list, but tho competition was extremely meagre. Many of the prizes were not awarded owing in some oases to noncompliance with the rules of the competition, and in others to the want of merit in the productions themselves. In the former case the remedy lies with the artists, whilst in the letter we are reluctant to believe that it proceeds from a deficiency of talent in the colony, bnt rather from a want of enterprise. 