THE MINISTERIAL CRISIS. . (FROM THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER, JAN. 31.)" people will read with more satisfaction than surprise that Mr. Heales and his colleagues have ended their inglorious career. The Assembly on Tuesday again affirmed the principle that the expenditure for 1899 must be limited within the estimated revenue of £3,000,000, and the Treasurer having avowed that the Government found it impracticable to reduce its Estimates to the prescribed limit the House negatived the motion for going into Committee of Supply by a majority of 34 against 23. On the following day Ministers tendered their resignations. We say that this intelligence will be received with satisfaction, because, in spite of the inconvenience ) attending these oft-recurring changes, it has become obvious that Mr. Heales's Ministry were incompetent for office, and their retention of place would have been productive of consequences far more pernicious and permanent than the temporary suspension of legislation. Under their rule the system of responsible Government was of aBt degenerating into absurdity. The obligations of Ministers to Parliament and to the country were being wholly ignored. From the hour of their appointment to the close of their humiliating career, the principles which, rightly understood almost sanctify a representative system of government, have been totally disregarded, and the Government of the country has been dependent upon the fickleness of chance. Whoever may be the successors of the Heales Administra- tion, their first task will be' to vindicate our constitution from the reproach which imbecility threatened to attach to it under the Administra- tion of Mr. Heales. The " crisis" possesses the novelty of differing in one respect from any of its predecessors. Ministers have not been removed by any amendment emanating from an Opposi- tion. The refusal to go into committee is simply a negative as a Ministerial motion, and the responsibility therefore attaches to no particular individual. Mr. O'Shanassy and Mr. Nicholson were displaced by direct want of confidence motions, the responsibility of which rested upon the proposers, but here we have an instance in which the want of confidence is not less decisively expressed by the majority without any positive motion by them. At present all we know is that Mr. Heales and his colleagues only hold office until their successors are appointed. There is one feature in the final division not less remarkable than hopeful. The majority contains the names of nearly every member of the slightest note. The leaders of all sections the highest Conservative element and the lowest Domooraoy, all who have any claim to respect for superior talent for who have distinguished themselves either in or out of the House are found for once combined. May we indulge, at least for a brief interval, in the hope that the opportunity will not be lost. Are we premature in believing that party strife has developed itself in such odious forms that common sense will now prevail ? Is there not amongst the leading members of the majority sufficient concord of principles to insure harmonious action, although they may differ in some or even in many respects The public are weary of, and the Assembly itself unfettered by, these constant changes so much so that a Mini terial resignation is commonly used as a thread to restrict the free action of Parliament. Abroad the colony is falling into disrepute. At home all public spirit is subsiding into indifference. The time has come when a union of intelligence may be effected, and our leading public men may now set an example which will not only restore confidence in themselves, but will rescue the colony from a condition of political decay, which is gradually destroying all that is valuable in a representative system of government. FROM THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER, FEB. 1. In little more than two months has another Ministry gone to its (doom. Its fate was predicted at its birth, and we question much if its decease will be regretted except by hangers on, and prospective beneficiaries. There will be joy in the Civil Service, and the Chamber of Commerce will rejoice and be exceeding glad. Mr-, Don will make his mean that the bluestone interest is in danger of having a smaller share than usual in the annual plunder, and sackcloth an I ashes will be the portion of Graham Berry, and the protection league. But the country at large cannot but be glad that the reign of ignorance, in competence, and imbecility has come to such a speedy end. The gold-fields will thank the ox Ministry for having meant well as regards water supply and municipal grants, but they cannot shut their eyes to the uncomfortable conviction that in such bad hands these good intentions would have borne little or no fruit. It is somewhat singular that no one has yet been " sent for, more particular by as so many important questions demand immediate solution. His Excellency seems to be in pretty much the same position as the majority. Nobody did it, and nobody appears anxious to form a Government. But a Ministry must be got together in a few days, or the business of the country will be at a standstill. It is usual, under the circumstances, for the retiring Chief Secretary to nominate a successor. Can Mr. Heales, Achilles like, by sulking in his tent ; or is Mr. Brooke so disgusted at being kicked so abruptly out of his short-lived stewardship that he declines to jog his late chief's elbow? It were idle to speculate upon the occupants-to- be of those thorny seats, the Treasury benches. There are so many little cliques and party factions in that curiously constituted Assembly, that the formation out of its heterogeneous elements of a Government of weight and influence with the country, and at the same time possessing a good working majority, is well nigh an impossibility. We feel half inclined to recommend the -extravagance of a general election, in the belief that it would be a saving in the long run, and that the country would have good chance of being fairly represented. If the payment of members recommendation had passed safely through the fiery ordeal of the Upper House, are should have no hesitation in declaring a dissolve t on of Parliament the best thing that could happen to this misgoverned country. (FROM THE M. A. MAIL, FEB. 1. All the humiliation which the Heales Admin is that ion has undergone has not preserved it from an ignominious defeat. Precisely the same majority us that which placed it in office has signed its death-warrant. The retributive justice of the act is significant and it must have aggravated the pangs of defeat to witness Mr. Ebden and Mr. O'Shanassy assisting in the final coup de prate. When the two stop-nurses of the Cabinet forsook their youthful charge, the ricketty hand- ling might well give up the ghost. How these nurses were ever brought to consent to under- take so unthankful an office, passes comprehen- sion. Some affect to see in the act the effect of an astute design to prove to the country the in- capacity of the Corner party to govern our affairs, to expose their weakness and their vanity, and thus cause them to be sent to a political Coventry. Whether the two experienced gentlemen we have named had any such intention can only be a matter of inference and conjecture ; but certain it is, that if so wary a project was designed, its execution has been successful and complete. Mr. Heales and his colleagues have failed lamentably, and their chances of regaining power are very remote indeed. Judging from the tenor of the debate on Tuesday evening, the Ministry were all at sea on the subject of their own financial policy for when Mr. O'Shanassy asked for an explicit answer to his question, "Was it the intention of the Government to expend more than the three millions of the revenue what followed ? Was it met by a frank and prompt reply, denoting that the Administration had made up their minds to a certain course, and would steadfastly pursue it Quito the reverie. The Treasurer was obliged to 0011 for with the Chief Secretary; and, so undecided Were both upon the subject, that they eagerly acquiesced in Mr. O'Shanassy's suggestion that the House should adjourn for an hour, to enable Ministers to ascertain their own sentiments on the subject. As Mr. Haines very well remarked, " The Government were dealing hardly with the House, when they attempted to impose on it the business and, duties which really belonged to itself." No Ministry animated by a spirit of self-respect ought thus to abdicate s s functions, and evade its responsibilities. Such a course would no doubt suit the purposes of a feeble and irresolute Administration, caring; little for the shadow of power, so long as it could grasp the substance of patronage and pay ; but those who enjoy the latter must accept the accompanying duties, and prove their, comps money to discharge them. If the members of the Government wish to be considered as mere administrative automata, the strings of which are to be worked by a majority of the Legislative J Assembly, they must be paid for at a cheap rate accordingly. Fourteen thousand a-year is far to > much for the use of eight mechanical dummies. Borne theatrical supernumeraries might be had at li alf -a-orownanight; and these useful people would get themselves up carefully for the occasion, and in point of dress, deportment, and delivery, would be preferable the present 'lot." Mr, Humffray complained of the convenient forgetfulness of certain hon. members with respect to former debates ; but it really appears to us that the for getfubiess was on the side of himself and cal- leagues. They had been distinctly apprised of the feeling of the Assembly. To have misunderstood the plain and obvious purpose of the House implies either great stupidity or wilful deafness on his part of the Ministry ; while they appear to be alternately pliable and obstinate in the extreme. They agree to take back one set of Estimates for the purpose of revision, and are stubbornly averse to returning another, They submit to be kicked one day, and are surprised that an attempt is made to spurn them the next. They invite contumely on one occasion, and resent AJS repetition on another. However, we have seen and heard the last of them, and we hope that those who have assisted to displace them will not shrink from the responsibility which that step involves. The country is sick of vanilla-, tag Governments and Ministerial crises. It demands a strong, an able, and an honest Administration, and cares very little from which side of the House the materials are collected. One month of the year 1861 is already gone, only a small sum has been voted for the public service The product of that month's legislation is absolutely nil. How long is this state of things to be suffered to continue? Howlong are the great interests of the country to be trifled with, while some of its small politicians are squabbling withered other? How long are we to exhibit the spectacle of a community entrusted with unexampled powers of self-government, and yet unable or unwilling to exercise them in a manner conducive to the progress and prosperity of the people? The excitement of political conflict may be sport to those that engage in it but it is death to the credit and welfare of the country. 