tfte Stur. OAILT IS S TT E . MONDAY, 3RD JUNE, 1861. PRECAUTIONS AGAINST FIRE. WHILE the destruction of property caused by Saturday's fire is fresh ia our memories, it may not be unwise to consider what may be done towards the prevention of similar catastrophes. The topic is not a new one in this town. Full "many a time and oft" have we had to record the ravages of the fiery destroyer in Ballarat, and in doing so tc note the ruin of many a promising hope of independency and fortune, and the horrible ending; of human life in the midst of youth, health, and busy occupation. The accumulated results of years of industry carefully husbanded have been swept away in as many minutes, and beg- gary has succeeded to ease and pros- pective affluence ; or, if such absolute misery has not been produced, many a man's ample means have been crippled, and he compelled to begin life anew with only the ghost of his previous possessions. > What other long series of evils, less obvious perhaps, but equally grave m their nature, may have accompanied the losses sustained in property, it is more difficult to compute. What temptations to wrong-doing, and what wrong done in consequence; what characters blasted, and what kindly natures soured ; what homes changed from their normally happy condition to abodes of hate and suffering; or what other kindred miseries borne by the immediate sufferers, and relatively by others- all these things are beyond our functions to chronicle. At ail events, as a rule they lie outside our sphere of cognisance, though some- times even these obtrude themselves so publicly that they come within our circle, and so get " crystalised" in printer's ink. What we have now to deal with are the more apparent and tangible ruin caused by the frequent conflagrations in our town, and the possibilities oí prevention. As we have already remarked, this is no novel subject of discussion, either here or elsewhere. In all large aggregations of population special dangers demand special provisions. Hence the imperious necessity of providing in all large towns for the requirements of the public safety as against fire, and hence the enactment and rigid enforcement of building acts as a precaution as well against fire as other dangers that might, in the absence of such acts, be likely to occur. But building acts are ugly things in the eyes of many people, and the administration of many a good act may make it of course ten fold more unpopular Uian it need be. A building act is a tax upon the liberty as well as the pocket of the subject, and can only be justified by the old fashioned principle which justifies so many other statutes, namely, that each must give up a little of his ab- stract rights for the benefit of society -himself included-in the concrete. But, although this principle is frankly admitted at once by everybody com- petent to form an opinion, there is always more or less difficulty in getting people to consent to a prac - tical embodiment of the principle in the shape, amongst other things, of a Building-^Act. And this diffi- culty has been felt*already in Balla- rat. Nor is the cause obscure. The gold fields towns are young, and for the most part fragile in their con- struction, and Ballarat is no exception, albeit it is the oldest of Victorian gold fields towns, and has progressed perhaps as far or farther than any other towards the beauty and stability of older towns. Until recently, therefore, on the gold fields people have not been settled enough, nor their settlement sufficiently apparent ! to warrant the endeavor to introduce I that common feature of older urban life, a Building Act. Not long since, the attempt was made in Ballarat Batt, but the Municipal Council re jected the proposition, while the I desirableness of something- of the sort ' was unanimously conceded. That I such an attempt and such a concession : should be made in that municipality j is no matter for wonder. Ballarat in . general, and Ballarat East in particular, have acquired an unenviable notoriety j for fires. We raise, beyond all ? possibility of doubt the biggest nug- gets and the biggest fires in the j colony, and it may be argued, there- ] fore, that we have as much right to \ demand a Building Act as the title . " Metropolitan." True, the issue was j not thus put the other day in the i Eastern Council, but if ever a plausible ! story could be told, we fancy one i might be told in favor of a Building j A ct for the whole town and for no part j more emphatically than for Ballarat ¡ East. This is, however, disposed of : for the present by the recent ruling of j the Eastern Council, although as new j blood has just been injected into that j body the question may perhaps now j be raised anew. But there ate other I measures of precaution besides build- ! ing Acts which the public may do well j to bear in mind. It is an extremely i disagreeable fact that whoever goes ! to bed at night in a row of wooden j houses is not quite sure he won't be j roasted alive before morning. This unpleasant possibility has been j horribly demonstrated several times j over, in Ballarat. It is an j ugly element in the calculation | that the sober and the careful are, j under the conditions named, at tho mercy of the reckless, and thc drunk ard, and the incendiary. A reeling drunkard, may ia one moment, light a conflagration that shall not st; p till, as at the late Montezuma fire, half a a street of houses and tens of thousands of property may be destroyed, scores of people reduced from comparative opulence to penury-and human life j sacrificed. All this we have had before j our eyes here in Ballarat. Now is it j wrong to try and do away with some of these terrible elements of danger to 1 life aud property ? Is it unreasonable j that proprietors of hotels, lodging- ; houses, and indeed all sorts of iiouses should be under some sort of regula- i tion which should compel them to some degree of care and control over those under them in the matter of fire? Is it right that a man in a state of drunkenness should be allowed-and we refer especially now to dwellers in easily combustible buildings-to go to bed or anywhere else with matches or lighted candles, and thus peril a whole town ? And yet this bas been and still is the state of thiugs everywhere ; and it is a notorious fact that a large proportion of our most destructive fires have thus been brought about. Why not make it a misdemeanor for any publican or other house proprietor knowingly to permit an inebriated person the control of fire under such circumstances ? A similar precaution, though less strin- gent, is required in respect of young people and domestic servauts, for want , of which many disasters by fire have been brought about. Another precau- tion that may be well looked after is that of so arranging out houses in the rear of the main dwellings iu our crowded thoroughfares tbat, where possible, open spaces may be preserved between adjoining properties. This is not always practicable of course, but ii certainly is oftener practicable than would at first sight appear. The im- portance of this precaution need not be insisted on with those persons who have seen so many fires exteuded by the sue cessive ignition of outbuildings. Indeed the precaution has already been acted upon in one or two casgs in the Main road here, and in one case contiguous to the premises just laid in ruins. The proper custody of combustibles of all sorts is of course a plain duty, and is, in the absence of a Building Act, more imperative than would otherwise be the case. It is a matter for general congratulation that the graduai cheap- ening of more substantial building materials, and the gradual reduction in the price of labor, are operating as a kind of fire prevention act, aud it i-> of course probable that year by year our wooden houses will give place to build- ings of brick and stone, and the dangers we are now so faimUar with will have in great part disappeared. But at present we are not thus happily circumstanced, and the requirements we have adverted to are now actual and pressing, and call tor thc serious consideration of all who are interested in the safety of boih life and property iu this populous town. 