IX.-RELIGIOUS INTELLIGENCE. NEW BAPTIST CHAPEL. On Sunday, the 15th instant, the Rev. Isaac New, of Melbourne, preached two sermons in White's Room, Adelaide, to the congregation under the pastoral care of the Rev. Silas Mead, M.A., LL.B. The inclemency of the weather, no doubt, pre- vented many from attending who would otherwise have been present, so that the place was not more than two thirds filled ; but if Mr. New's talents as a preacher were more generally known here, we think there would have been a larger attendance. The rev. gentleman, before announcing his text, said that he felt very unfit to preach ; his voice was wrong, and he felt altogether unwell. The closeness of the room, in consequence of the weather, must also have been trying to the preacher The text was taken from Acts ii. 41-47, after reading which Mr. New proceeded as follows :-Beautiful is this exhibition of the first Christian Church ; it was com- posed of the immediate disciples of the Lord Jesus, and of those who had been converted under Peter's sermon. That discourse was full of life and power ; the assembly were disposed to scoff, but their attention was arrested, and they became agitated and cried out-Men and brethren, what must we do ? They stood convicted of the crime of killing their King ; but heinous as was their sin, there was mercy even for them. " Repent, and be baptized," said the Apostle, "and ye shall receive the gift of Ihe Holy Ghost." Here was the substance of the pospel, and it was glad tidings to them. They were bowed down by the sense of guilt, trembling and despair seized them, and in their distress they cried, " What must we do ?" That same Jesus, whom they had slain, was revealed to them as living to make intercession for them. He had prayed for his murderers when he died, and now he hid risen to heaven, he still prayed for them. This was music to their ears-it was melody in their hearts. They felt the power of the Word-Ihey tasted its sweetness. They were melted into an affectionate and grateful submission. They felt Him to be worthy of the crown which he wore, and in their hearts they crowned Him afresh as their Lord and their God. The least they could do was to be baptised in His name-to seal the bond with their Lord, and they were willing to lay themselves on the altar as a sacrifice to Him. No labors were wearisome to them now in the service of God, if they could only retain the fervor of their vjrgin zeal. Oh ! the rapture of those hours ; but alas ! ala3 ! that they should so soon pass away. The Apostles might well have been filled with dismay at the magnitude of the commission which had been entrusted to chem, but the Sp rit of God came down amongst them, and under one sermon three thousand were converted. If there had been any doubt left in the minds of any of the Apostles, surely it would be now removed. Mark the docility of these new disciples. " They continued steadfastly in the Apostles' doctrine, and in breaking of bread and in prayer." They were no doubt anxious and trem- bling, but they continued steadfast, and the Apostles were their authorised teachers, and how gladly would they receive from the lips of those who had attended on their Lord, the account of the various incidents of his life, of his dying scenes, and of his last prayer. Their hearts would glow, their souls would dilate with rap- ture, their minds would expand, their views enlarge, and their thoughts extend into scenes of ethereal and surpassing beauty, and they would catch inspiration from these things. They continued also in fel- lowship. Christ unseen was in the midst of them, diffu- sing through their sou!s a delightful sense of pardon ; the covenant was theirs, the kingdom was theirs, all things were theirs, and they were Christ's, and Christ was God's ; and this covenant would continue when the sun itself should be extin- guished, and the world and all that is in it should be dissolved. They had also fellowship with their suffering Lord. This is indicated in the words "breaking of bread," according to the command of Christ that they should celebrate the last supper, aud they would recog- nise as often as they ate of that bread, and drank of the cup that they lived by faith on the Son of God ; and they would realise their oneness with Christ in heart, in nature, in design, and in prospect, and how would they come from these celebrations refreshed and strengthened for the Christian life and conflict ! They continued also in prayer. What a privilege was this, to be permitted to speak with God-to ask things of Him, and to know that while we ave thus engaged we have an Advocate before the Throne, who is pleading for us, who helps our suit, and who at the same time encourages us to enlarge our desires, to increase our petitions, to ask great things, to " open our mouths wide that they may bo filled." The Apostles were praying men. As soon as Christwns taken from them they felt their utter helplessness, and betook themselves te prayer. There was hope and joy and comfort in prayer. They felt they could not do without it ; and it was the exercise of prayer which made them the wonder of the world around, and these new converts caught the same spirit, and their hearts were invigorated and their faith strengthened by the exercise. Mark their fraternal unanimity ; they were of one heart, and they met daily-not in the temple, but in sections and in each other's houses. They were a company of brothers, exercising a common faith. Petty divisions and jealousies there were none. There was no anxiety as to who should be chief. Love dwelt amongst thora - Christian, divine love ; and wherever that love dwells, all angry passions subside, and the fruit of the Spirit is seen, and plants of grace spring up and bear sweet fruit, and the very leaves are for the healing of the nations ; the more we exhibit of thi-i spirit the moro influence shall we exercise in the world. The themes that engaged their thoughts would be in- vested with a brighter light- with a richer influence and tbey would talk of their holy religion, and be lifted above the things of time and of sense into rapt delight in the things of God. How pleasurable would be such meetings, and how profitable too ! they would look for- ward with delight to the hour that brought them together, and regret the time of separation. Mark their disinterested beneficence, "They had all things common." Those that had possessions sold them, and put the pro- ceeds into a common fund. This was in obedience to u j apostolic law, but it was the result of their fraternal and benevolent leoling-i. It was not intended to be a rule for adoption by other Churches, but as it obtained in the Church at Jerusalem-it teaches an important lesson-it shows how evangelical religion relaxes the grasp of selfishness, and it shows the reality of the profession of Christianity when its dis- ciples are willing thus to part with their worldly goods ; at the same time a due regard for our own interests may bo tempered and sanctified, and preserved from degenerating into selfishness. _ Observe the joy which these early Christians experienced. While they would grieve over their sins, in having destroyed the Lord of Life and Glory, the sense of pardon through his blood and of love to him would turn their grief into joy, and they would feel delight in their fraternal lovo, and in the prospect of endless bliss in heaven, purchased for them by tho death of Christ ; and could they be otherwise than happy. There was no desire to return again to the "beggarly elements of this world ;" no, all such desires were banished by tho heavenly joy which they felt. Mark the effect of these things on the world around ; " fear came upon all ;" they were so taken by surprise that they were for tho time disarmed, and thought not of persecution. These Christians com- manded respect ; they were holy and harmless-upright, peaceful, and affectionate, and they put to silence the cavils of foolish men. We know tbis only continued for a time, but it continued long enough for the Church to take root, and thus, in the crucifixion of Christ God mads the wrath of man to praiso him. Observe tho success of the Gospel. The Lord added to the Church daily such as should be saved. We can imagino the early Christians labouring and toiling for the salvation of others, and their labours were not in vain, for the Lord sent his blessing and added 5\. daily to the Ohmoh of such as should bo saved. How it much is there in this early Church worthy of our iraita ig tion ; their christian conduct, their fraternal love, and their anxiety for the conversion of others! Let me urge on you to follow their example, and then shall we see larger accessions made to tho Church of such as shall be everlastingly saved. The Kev. S. Mead preached an impressive sermon in tho afternoon to a vary fair audience considering the state of the weather. His text was from Corinthians I., chap, xv., 25th verse ; " He must reign till he hath put all things under his feet." In the evening a very large congregation assembled, and the room was well filled. Tho Rev. Mr. New having given out his text, Psalm lxxiv., v. 12, " God is working salvation in the midst of the earth," proceeded :-" The earth is the Lord's, and the fulness thereof." He reared its stately frame, He formed it for the home of man, whom he destined to honor and serve Him that ho might bo fitted to enjoy all His munificent gifts. But what a different scene does our earth present from what God intended ! It is rolling amongst the spheres wrapt in gloom ; it is a revolted province in God's empire men abhor the worship of God ; they throw down His altars and revile His ministers ; they bite and devour one another, and each man under the dominion of sin would be a God to himsolf ; an enemy hath done this ; the prince of darkness has found his way here and sown the seeds of rebellion. Now there is nothing contrary to our ideas of right to suppose that God might justly have abandoned mankind to eternal ruin, but he has not done so, he has provided a ransom ; gloomy as things are at present it will notalways remain so ; a brilliant prospect is before us ; the devil is to be de thi oned, idolatry destroyed, God everywhere worshipped and beloved ; selfishneas will not be known, but the mem- bers of the human family will be united in one common brotherhood under their Father and God. Oh ! scenes surpassing fable yet to be real and true; God has revealed it in His own word, and He will reveal His char- acter as a God of love, a God alhvise, and all His plans are to be looked at with reference to the end. Salvation is the end contemplated ; the salvation of man, not of a few, not of man generally from Jsooial evils, but the salvation of mankind from sin. Man's heart has become depraved, vile. His affections are estranged ; his conscience is seared ; his apprehensions as to what ia right are beclouded. He does not like to retain God in his knowledge. Man will worship the most hideous forms rather than God. This is no picture of the imagination ; we have only to read the accounts of heathen lands, or even to look into our own hearts for proof of this estrangement from God. But the holy God has determined, notwithstanding all this sinfulness, to save man, to substitute light for dark- ness, holiness for sin, and to qualify him for the purest happiness of which intelligent spirits are capable. We have in the language of the text the process mentioned ; God is working salvation, and this process has been going on ever since the fall, and was consummated when the Son of God bowed his head upon the "cross ; God could not save man in any other way than by the sacri- fice of His Son. There is no more sacred thing in t'-e universe than law. God's law had been broken, insulted, and it must be vindicated. It must have some effective guarantee that it should be respected in any scheme for man's salvation, and this was done in the sacrifice of the Son of God. The Divine Justice has been appeased, and man's salvation effected. Looking back from this point we see the wonderful way in which God's designs were unfolded, the separation of the Jews as a people peculiar to himself, light gradually breaking until the fuln ss of time was come. And though the victim died, he was raised again. When we see twelve of His diseip es, unlearned and ignorant men, standing Doldly forth and proclaiming the risen Saviour ; when we seo one converted by a direct and miraculous Divine agency standing forward before the Jewish Councils, before the Court of Athens, and confuting all the learning and all the sophistry of the age, we see some- thing of the plan by which God wo. ks salvation. The world is under mediatorial dominion. Christ is exalted far above principalities and powers, and ever liveth to make intercession for us. He has all the attributes of God With more than all the affection and tender feelings of a brother to mankind. He does not now come forward pro- minently on the scene, but he employs innumerable agencies-a complicated network of means-for the attainment of his ends, while he conceals himself behind the machinery he employs. Truth is d- clared by tho instrumentality of men ; it is shown as precisely adapted to man-it shows the wisdom and prudence of God-it has its depths which an angel cannot penetrate, but its principles can be understood by a child-it has broken hearts and healed them-it has converted the lion into the lamb, the hoary-headed sinner to a child at the feet of Jesus. Some truth lodged in the mind has quickened a dead soul into life, like a dart tipped with celestial fire ; and this divine truth, proclaimed from the pulpit, taught in the Sunday-school, conveyed in a tract or in some colloquial form, has been in- strumental in converting souls, and is part of the process of salvation. There are diversities of opera- tion, but the same God working in all. His operations are for the most part mysterious-they aio seen only by their effects, they defy the closest scrutiny of the keenest intellects. There is, however, a wider range of His activity in which He especially appears-in raising up individuals at special times for special purposes. He raised up Moses and qualified him for the work of delivering nis people and Israel. David was also raised up as the king of His people ; and the prophets were inspired "with thoughts that breathed and words that burned." It ia only in this way that we can account for twelve poor fishermen " turning the world upside down." At another time God wanted an agent to shew the errors of the Church of Rome, and he raised up a Luther, and endowed him with the courage of a hero and the devotion of a martyr. God raised up his heroes too in England. When he desired to provide for the spiritual welfare Of the young he appointed Raikes to establish Sunday schools in tha kingdom. God's providence, too, is an important agency. There are a number of events constantly occurring, which are not of a religious cha- racter; but yet which have an "" important influence upon the great results which have to be worked out, the progress of the arts, the diffusion of knowledge. Though various systems of philosophy which are evor and anoa broached and launched upon the world, may sometimes seem detrimental to the spirit of Christianity, they often, by the enquriry which they cause, result in unexpected good. Those systems which are occasionally propounded with great eclat are sometimes instrumental m rousing the Church, and so are productive of good. The discoveries of gold and other sources of wealth, which excite so much of human cupidity, ara overruled by God tor the benefit of the race. Foundations are being laid in this southern hemisphere for future commonwealths, and God's cause is planted here, and some of the wealth is employed for the furtherance of that cause. It is God's prerogative to wield the attri- butes of man for His own wise purposes, and a man who had no design when acquiring his wealth of contributing to the furtherance of God's kingdom is often made to do so. Henry the Eighth had no idea of advancing the kingdom of God when, in the exercise of his licentious and imperious will, he separated from the Church of Rome ; yet his doing so helped forward the Reforma- tion. On the other hand, those humble efforts made by God's pe -pie, in faith, are accepted by Him and worked up in the vast designs which He is accomplishing. That laborious Sabbath-school teacher, that earnest but timid tract distributor, are do;ng a work the importance of which in its results cannot be estimated until " the day shall declare it," and you who aro engaged in erecting a place of worship to the honor and glory of God, aro doing what is acceptable in his sight, aud you will earn that smile which will reward you for your labo-s. God is doing a great work, and taking my stand on the pro- phecies, I assert that we have a glorious future before us ; the wilderness will become an Eden, and the desert as the garden of the Lord. But God invites your co- operation. He stoops to urge you to blend with him as co-workers ; to bring your talents as Ho has brought His perfection. God's ohject is to drive the Prince of Darkness out of the world with all his hellish crew. Come then young and old, rich and poor, come to the help of the Lord in working salvation in the midst of the earth." LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE. The foundation stone of a new chapel, for the use of the Baptist denomination in Adelaide, was laid on Wednesday, by David Randall, Esq., of Mount Craw- ford. The following description of the building has been handed to us by the architects: " The building, of which the foundation-stone has just been laid, will stand at the corner of Flinders-street and Divett-place, South Adelaide; the principal or north front being to Flinders-street, and the east front to Divett-place. The entire length of the building now erecting will amount to 140 feet, and the width 60 feet ; of which the church itself will occupy a length in the interior of 98 feet, with a width of 48 feet, which area is intended to accommodate 730 worshippers on the ground floor ; space and height provided for additional galleries to be erected at a future period, by which the total accommodation can be extended to 1,300 persons. The principal entrance from Flinders-street is through a loggia, fronted by a triple arcade of stone ; from the loggia, leading right and left, are lobbies communicating with the interior of the Church ; above the triple arcading is a handsome rose window, deeply set in a circumscribing moulded ogee arch, carried by columns having carved capitals-this central portion of the north front is flanked by buttresses of considerable projection, of which the first stage is gabled and has carved finials. The gable to the central portion of the front has a deep coping, and is terminated with a cross of wrought iron. The side aisles to the central portion of this front will contain the staircases to the intended galleries, and are lighted by windows of two lights of varied design. The east front to Divett-place, and the west front, are lighted by a series of lofty two-light windows, having deep transoms with intervening buttresses of two stages, terminating under a corbelled and moulded cornice. The tracery of the windows will be varied, and the mullions have attached columns with carved capitals. There will be a separate entrance and porch from Divett-place. The back of the church will be occupied by a large vestry or schoolroom, and a minister's vestry. The walling throughout will be built of Glen Osmond stone, and the quoins, mouldings, dressings of doors and windows, &c;, will be of worked Dry Creek stone from the contractors' own quarries, no cement or plaster being used in the ex- terior. The interior of the church will be ceiled to the collar beam, the roof being open with moulded purlins, tie-beams, and double circular braces, finishing below the tie-beam on carved brackets ; the roof timber will be stained and varnished. The seats for the congregation will be of cedar, and polished ; the whole of tho windows will he glazed with thick plate-glass, set in the stone without frames. There will be no pulpit, but a large platform will be provided for the minister, and underneath the platform will be situated the baptistry, which will be lined with marble, and supplied with water from the Reservoir. From the platform access will be gained to the vestries, &c.; Ample means of ventilation are provided by case- ments in the windows, ventilators of various descrip- tions, and also by a somewhat novel arrangement of a continuous series of openings on a level with the ceiling of the church, and forming a sort of clerestory exter- nally. The roof will be boarded and covered with gal- vanized iron plates, with rolls and ornaments on the ridges, and stone copings to the various gables. The style of the new building is early Gothic, with detaits some- what Italian in character." The designs for the church have been made by Mr. R. G. Thomas, architect, of Gresham-place ; and Messrs. English & Brown have the contracts for the whole of the works, under the superin- tendence of the architect. The entire cost, including proposed schools, the purchase of the site, and various incidental expenses, will be probably about £6,000. The ceremony commenced at 3 o'clock, and was per- formed in the presence ot about 300 persons. Around the stone we perceived the Rev. Isaac New, the Rev. Silas Mead, and other ministers of various denominations. The proceedings were commenced by the Rev. Mr. Cheeseman, who gave out the 730th Hymn, which was sung by the assemblage. The Rev. Mr. Roberts then read a psalm, and the Rev. Mr. Lyall offered prayer. Mr. Randall then approached the stone, which was lowered into its place, two bottles containing a docu- ment descriptive of the purpose for which the chapel was to be erected, the current coins, and newspapers of the day, &c;, being deposited in a cavity beneath. Having plumbed the stone, and given it three smart taps, with a cedar mallet provided for that purpose, Mr. Randall declared the corner-stone of the building well and truly laid. He then mounted the platform and read the following transcript of the docu- ment which had been deposited under the stone : " This document, being a record of the object for which this chapel is to be erected, is deposited under the north-east corner-stone. The chapel is built for the use of the Church of God holding Baptist principles, now worshipping in White's Room, King William-street, in this city, and is devoted to the worship of God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost, One Triune Jehovah. The Church was formed at Lefevre terrace Baptist Chapel on the 5th of August, in this present year. The stone is laid by David Randall, Esq., of Mount Crawford, on this eighteenth day of December, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, the Rev. Silas Mead, M.A., LL.B., being' Pastor of the Church; Mr. Christopher Giles, Mr. George Shaw, Mr. David Fowler, and Mr. William Kyffin Thomas, being Deacons. The Committee for superintending the new building consists of Messrs. George S. Fowler, James Whiting, John Beeby, and James Alexander Holden, and the Church officers above-named. Architect, Mr. Robert George Thomas ; builders, Messrs. English & Brown." He then spoke at considerable length, remarking that the object for which they were assembled was one of a most important character, namely, to lay the founda- tion of a house which was about to be built for the wor- ship of God, and for the maintenance and spread of the religion of Christ. This was a work fur which the Saviour had come down from heaven to dwell among men, and for which he had also died a death of ignominy and shame as an attonement for their sins, ascending again into heaven, where he remained interceding for them ; and he had also sent his Holy Spirit to dwell among them. He hoped that in the chapel which was now commenced, the Word of God would come home to the minds of many men, enabling them to rejoice with a joy unspeakable and full of glory. It was strange that earthly creatures should be permitted to co-operate with the Most High God, but they did it in this way-in erecting a building to his worship and glory. Ile hoped they might look forward to a time when many would be converted-would be born again in that place. Thero was, however, a dark side to every scene in life, and it might be, however sad the thought, that the building which was now being erected would prove to some a savour of dea« h unto doath. This building was about to be erected for those who worshipped un 1er the Baptist denomina- tion, and he hoped it would be blessed abundantly. While they might differ in points of principio from those of other denominations, they yet desired to hold tho truth in love, and he hoped that Christians of all deno- minations would unite in prayer that the blessing of God might attend their work. The speaker then alluded to the numerous notices of new chapels which appeared in the newsoapeusfr em day to day, and remarked that it was a pleasing proof that the Work of God was prospe- rous in the land. He trusted that they would never be found unmindful of their privileges. He hoped the de- nomination to which they belonged were thankful for the great encouragement which they had received. They put their tiust in the Most High, and in this was their strength. -He felt deeply the honor which had been done lum in asking him to lay the foundation-stone of the chapel. He had hoped that the Hon. G. F. Angas would have performed that ceremony ; he was, however, afraid of his voice in the open air. He was glad to inform them, however, that the lion, gentleman would take the chair at the meeting at White's Room that evening. (Hear.) Tho Rev. Mr. Hannat then addressed the assem- blage in an eloquent manner ; likening the stone which baa just been laid to the chief corner stone of the pillar of their salvation, Jesus Christ. He expressed his pleasure at being present, and also a hope that the bless- ing of God would re3t upon the work. Tho Rev. Silas Mead then addressed a few words, and called upon those who desired to do so, to lay their con- tributions on the stone. He afterwards offered prayer, and the ceremony was at au end. TEA MEETING AND LECTURE. In the evening about 800 persons partook of tea. After tea the public meeting was held in White's Room, and we never saw the place moro thoroughly filled. The Hon. G. F. Angas was voted to the chair, and was surrounded by ministers and gentlemen of all denominations. The Rev. C- W. Evan gave out Mont- gomery's hymn, commencing, " When on Sinai's top I see," which having been sung, the Rev. W. Butters im- plored the Divine blessing. The Rev. Silas Mead, M.A., 'L.L.B., then read the following financial statement : " Treasurer's Statement. Donation of a friend to the cause ... £500 0 0 Subscriptions .1,643 7 0 Collections, Sunday, ... £42 11 3 " Monday ... 14 16 " £57 7 11 Tickets, &c;, for Lecture ... ". ... lui) 0 0 £2,390 14 11 " This sum the same kind friend has very generously promised to supplement by £1,000. in addition to his former donation of £500. This makes the sum total now raised £3,300 14s. lid. ESTIMATED COST. Land .£400 Contract _ ....4,810 Pewing, fencing, Architect's Commission ... G05 £5,815 " I may be permitted to state that the ladies of the church and congregation have worked very earnestly in order to diminish our expenditure ; and I may also say that no member of our Church has been officially asked for subscriptions, but the amounts given by individual members show they have done what they could. The appeals made to other friends for aid have, on the whole, been very liberally responded to. With some few excep- tions evident sympathy has been shown towards this undertaking. We are grateful for the aid thus rendered. We are much gratified, moreover, that this aid hss been rendered without our having had recourse to methods of raising money which it is difficult to harmonise with the principles of Christian voluntaryism. That glorious principle is the basis of our action. We hold it firmly, hold it in its integrity. We believe in it ; believe in its power, believe in its adequacy to supply our require- ments, believe in its purity, believe in its righteousness ; above all, we believe this is the principle appointed, approved of, and blessed by the great Head of the Church. It is, therefore, our determination to carry it out fully and purely." The Chairman then briefly introduced the Rev. Isaac New to the meeting. Mr. New before commencing his lecture, congratulated the meeting on the gratifying report which had just boen read, saying they had dono almost as well as they did in Malbourne, and he hoped they might do better. He then quoted an eloquent passage from the writings of Dr. Johnson, written on the ! occasion of -his visiting iona, and said he had intro- duced that quotation because of the principle it involved respecting the associations connected with particular places, and if tho histoiñn or the philan- thropist felt peculiar emotions on visiting such locali- ties, the Christian might reasonably entertain similar sentiments respecting places mentioned in the Holy Scriptures. It was wit h no superstitious feelings that he invited them to accompany him in imagination to Sinai, Zion, Tabor, and Calvary, although the supersti- tious exercise of similar feelings had in the dark ages resulted in the undertaking of crusades and pilgrimages to the Holy Land. The lecturer then rapidly drew a graphic picture of the circumstances attending the delivery of the Israelites from Egypt, and of their jouvneyings until they arrived at Sinai. Mr. New then, in concise and powerful language, gave an account of the delivery of the Law from Mount Sinai, and rapidly glanced at the nature of the Ten Commandments. Mount Zion next came under review-" Beautiful for situation, the joy of the whole earth is Mount Zion." It was also a fortress of the first order, and was deemed almost impregnable. The Israelites loved Zion. Thero was the temple whither the Tribes went up every year. Wherever the Israelites were, their hearts seemed to turn to Zion, especially when in captivity. The service of the Taber- nacle, tho Ark, the Shekinah, the office of the Priests and Lévites, wore briefly described ; also the great annual day of atonement, and the reference which these things had to tho Gospel Dispensation was alluded to. Référence was made to a common mistake of confound- ing Zion with Mount Moriah, on which the temple was built, and it waB explained as probably arising from the fact that Jerusalem was built on Mount Zion ; whilo Mount Moriah, on which the templo stood, was a lesser and adjoining elevation. The prophets even spoke of Zion as the site of the temple, and hence the mistake was perpetuated. Mount Tabor, " the Mount of Trans- figuration," was next considered, and the scene de- scribed. The Transfiguration was one of those transac- tions by which Christ was inducted into HÍ3 great office. The glory which the disciples saw on the Saviour's countenance proceeded from himself, while the glory which was seen on Moses' face was derived-reflected. Awful as was Mount Sinai, beautiful as was Mount Zion, glorious as was Mount Tabor, " Thou art heaven on earth to me, lovely, mournful Cal- vary." Tho circumstances attending the death of Christ wore described, and his sacrifice was spoken of as an act of uncompellcd devotion, it was both anticipative and retrospective. By it the rites and ceremonies of the Jewish dispensation were explained, and tho dark allusions of the prophets wore made clear, and a bright effulgence was shed over the entiro canon of the Old Testament. On Mount Calvary tho Mighty One travailed in the greatnoss of His strength and effectuated tho redemption of the human race. Sinai and Calvary were related ; on tho one they had the law, on the other the Gospel. Sinai and Tabor were also related ; on the one was the lawgiver, and on the other the introducer of the Gospjl Dispensation. They were also related as being where the heads of the two great dispensations received their credentials. Sinai and Zion belongod to the past, to the legal dispensation ; Tabor and Calvary to the Gospel which remaineth for ever. Tho two former related to symbols-the two latter to established permanent facts. Sinai called for justice-nothing but stern justice ; but on Calvary no th u> iders roiled ; there God revealed himself in the serene, loving aspee ^ ot a Father-a God of lore and mercy. Moses appeared on Tabor to resign his offi.-e in favor of the Messiah, and, having done so, he retired, and Christ remained. The canon of Scripture was now closed and no new light was to be looked for from all courts of law or courts ecclesiastical ; they wjre to turn away and to be guided only by the teaching of Christ. If they turned from Christ to the teachiogs of man they would be led by the ignis fatuus of human fallibility into the e I swamps and marshes of perdition. If thoy turnod away \- j from the teachings of Christ to those of man thoy would % t listen to the cabalistic mutterings of witches and wizard? instead of to the Divine voice of Him of whom the voice from heaven said, " This is My beloved Son, hear ye Him." But, said the lecturer, he would not leave them on Sinai, on Zion, or on Tabor, but on Calvary, where all the wants of their souls would be satisfied-whore all that the prophets had foretold was fulfilled-where the Sun of Highteouauess shone with healing in his wings. He_ envied not the cold sneering infidel dogmas of a rationalism which would reduce the glorious sacrifice of the Son of God to the death of a mero man, and bj deprived themselves of some of the most comforting doctrines of the Bible. Let them by their sophistries explain it away as they might, there waa no salvation but in the cross, and ia that alone would he glory. Let them not forget the solemnities of Sinai, the beauties of Zion, the glories of Tabor, nor all tho love and mercy of Calvary. The lecture occupied an hour and a quitter in its deli-very and was ocaasionally applauded, a proceeding which was thought* rather inappropriate by a portion of the audieuce, as the lecture partook very much of the nature of a sermon. In the above report we havo given rather a description of the lecture, than attempted to take clown tho exact phraseology. In justice, therefore, to the lecturer, as well as to ourselves, we mention'this, and may add that the lecture was amoBt eloquent one, and we hardly wonder at occasional pas- sages calling forth involuntary bursts of applause, espe- cially considering that it was delivered on a week day, and to a mixed audience, in White's Assembly Rooms. RE-OPENING OF ST. PAUL'S CHURCH, PORT ADELAIDE. The reopening services of the above church, which has been enlarged to double its former size, took place on Sunday and Monday, December 15th and 16th inst On Sunday two sermons were preached-that in the morning by the Lord Bishop; that in the evening by the Very Kev. the Dean. The very inclement state of the weather prevented many from being present. The sermons were characterized by great fervour, and listened to with devout attention. On Monday evening at half-past 7 a public meeting was held in the church. His Lordship the Bishop occu- pied the chair. The anthem " And the Glory of the Lord " was sung by the Sacred Choral Society. The Rev. C. Marryat offered prayer, after which the Lord Bishop addressed the meeting, saying he rejoiced to see such a large attendance, and to witness the interest manifested iu their undertaking. After an appropriate address, in which he congratulated them on having erected so fine a building, and urging them to active co- operation, he called upon Mr. John Hart, who moved the adoption of the report, which waa read as follows by Mr. R. M. Tapley, hon. Secretary to the Building Committee: " It is necessary to commence the report by stating that, in consequence of the congregation of the Church having, within the last few years, so considerably increased, very great difficulty has been experienced in providing seat-room, more especially for the various strangers, commanders, and officers of vessels, and others who from time to time visit Port Adelaide ; it was therefore considered absolutely necessary to enlarge the Church without delay, and a Committee was formed for the purpose. " After mature deliberation it was decided that this should be effected by making an addition, extending transversely from the centre of the old building, so as to make the whole, when completed, of a cruciform shape, in accordance with plan furnished by Mr. E. W. Wright-estimated cost £1,200-exclusive of the chancel. " Subscription lists were at once opened, and the appeal so readily responded to that in the month of May the Committee were enabled to invite Mrs. Hart to lay the foundation stone. This ceremony took place accordingly on the 23rd of that month. "The contributions at this date amount to £623 6s. 2d., of which £573 4s. 2d. has been already placed in the banda of the Treasurer. "The Committee have accepted the following ten- ders :-Mr. John Cleave, stone and mason's work, £378 17s. 9d. ; Mr. F. Reynolds, roofing, £310 ; the same, for flooring, windows, &c;, £242-which with the additional sum of from £70 to £80 expending in neces- sary fittings, will amount to a little over £1,000. Thus leaving the church in debt about £400, to meet which the Committee, in accordance with resolutions passed at a general meeting, havo determined to effect a loan to that amount. | " There is, however, much still to be done. The brick work outside the church requires cementing-the in | terior ceiling and plastering and other improvements. " In conclusion, the Committee beg to call attention to the fact that from its local position this church has peculiar claims upon it for accommodation, and the Com- mittee feel that from this cause they can conscientiously appeal to all members and supporters of the Church of england throughout tho colony to assist them in com- pleting their work." The motion was seconded by Mr. A. W. Gliddon. The Revs. Messrs. Needham and Pollitt next addressed the meeting on the duties devolving on them as churchmen. Tho Rev. Wa. Andrews, of Blakiston, followed on the same subject, after which the collection was made. The Rev. C. Marryat next addressed "the meeting, thanking them for the kind co-operation he had met with since the commencement of the building. The Rev. A. R. Russell next spoke, congratulating them on the erection of such a place of worship, alike creditable to the architect, the builder, and those who raised the means of its erection, and he hoped they would regard it as a greater incentive to diligence and faith in the service of Christ. The Lord Bishop in his closing remarks informed the meeting it was in contemplation to erect a school- room in connection with the Church, to be used aa a Sunday and parochial school. Mr. John Hart, who had always been foremost in such good works, having again come forward with his valuable assistance, of which they intended to take advantage.. During the evening several beautiful pieces of sacred music were sung in a very effective manner by the mem- bers of the Port Adelaide Sacred Choral Society. Votes of thanks were unanimously passed to the Bishop, clergy, and other gentlemen who had addressed the meeting, and to the Choral Society. The Hallelujah Chorus being performed, the Dismission hymn was then sung and the benediction pronounced, when the meeting separated shortly after 10 o'clock. Recognition Service.-On Thursday, Dec. 19, a recognition service was held in White's Room, in connection with the Baptist denomination, for the pur- pose of confirming the appointment of the Rev. ¡Silas Mead, M.A., L.L.B., as the stated minister of the new Baptist Chapel, Adelaide. The room was about two- thirds filled, and several ministers of various denominations occupied the platform. The Rev. S. Mead, took the chair. After singing and prayer, tue Chairman called on the Rev. C. Manthorpe to address the meeting. Mr. Manthorpe expressed his sympathy with the object of the meeting, and said it was a matter of congratulation to any congregation when they met with a pastor after their own heart, and he was pleased to think that they had found a minister who was zealous and earnest in his desire to do his Master's work. The subject on which he had to speak was, the best means by which the Christian Church could bring the Gospel home to those lowest aunk in crime. He said in all large cities there were a great number of abandoned characters he did not think Adelaide was worse than any other city, but there was no doubt a great deal of crime and profli- gacy in Adelaide. Pethaps there was some truth in the charge brought against them by a portion of the periodical literature of the day, that thoy were ready to look after the heathen abroad while they neglected the heathen at home. He was not pre pared to lay down any apecifie plan by which those people could be benefitted ; but he would throw out a few hints. He did not approve of all the plan's which had been tried, and ho did not know whether they could, after all, adopt anything better'than domiciliary visita- tion. He thought the matter should be taken up by Christian c burches, and visitors appointed, both male and female, who should seek out those lowest sunk in sin, and talk to them in their own houses, and endeavor to bring them within the sound of the Gospel. A special fund might be formed to relieve the wants of those who required aid of that kind. He believed the observance of the outward means of grace was ot greater import- ance than many were willing to admit. He liked the style of religious observances amongst the old Puritans There nr'ght have been something which might be called muscular Christianity among them, but that was better than tho effeminate Christianity which prevailed at the present day. He would advise them to seek out the lost ones of both sexes, and induce them to attend places of worship, and not to shrink from them if they carne, as ic they were unfit to como near them, but to show thero proper attention and sympathy, and that would be the way to encourage their attendance. And something in the stylo of tho preaching would affect such people ; if they saw that the preacher felt for them, and understood their wants and their sor- rows, they would be likely to come again. Having thrown out those few hints he would leave them fortneir consideration. Two verses of a hymn having been then snug, the Rev. G. Stonehouse addressed the Church and coiigregatiou presided over by tho Rev. Mr. Mead, found- ing his remarks on tho chargo of tho Apostle to the Phillippian Church. (Phillippians c. ii., v. 13-16.) Mr. Stonehouse said that though a brief it was a comprehen- sive charge. It was taken for granted that the members of a Church were true Christians, a company of faithfu men and women banded together in the bonds of the Gospel. The form of Church Government adopted by them (the Baptists) was Congregational, but their Con- gregationalism was in vain without true piety ; withou' that it was like a train of trucks -and carriages without the engine. Ho would remind them of their duties to their minister-they must love him, they must hear him with candor-it was no easy thing to preach from month to month and from year to year to the samo people. They should avoid calling on their minister whon he was likely to be engaged in preparation for his Sabbath duties. Nor should they expect him to be always visiting; if he did so tho pulpit would suffer, they should not expect their ministers always to preach alike ; bodily languor and fatigue would have their effect on his sermons. Thoy should attend regularly on their minister, for it was very discouraging to him to see empty seats ; and a good sermon was often spoiled by empty seats. They should hear their minister devoutly, and constantly pray for him ; they should reverence his authority and supply his temporal wants. Thoy had no right to give or to withhold their support as thoy pleased ; they were bound by the law of God to pro-ide for those who ministerod to them in holy things, and to withhold that provision was robbery. They had hitherto done well, but it was right that the principle should be understood. As a Church they should be united, " pre- serving the unity of tho spirit iu the bond of poauo." Another duty thoy owed to the Church was, that they should be consistent, especially in little things ; there were many little things which might be very inconsistent and yet which could not bo taken cognizance of by the Church; they should be "blameless and harmless witi out rebuke." " There were duties also which they owed to the world ; they were to bo light-bearers to the moral world as the sun and moon wore to the material world. Their light was not to bo simply visible, but was to shine in the family, in the social circle, and in all their relations in life. They could all do something, and they should find out what that was and betake themselves to their duty. God would then bless them and causa Hi3 face to shine upon them. The day would come when tho connection botween the Church and a | pastor would bo recoguisod in all ita solemnity, but if they should be then found to have run in vain, or labored in vain, who could describe the anguish of their feelings? Aftor this address a verse of a hymn was sung. The Rev. Mr. Hannay then spoke on the Deacon's office. The Rev. Isaac New next rose and said, if he consulted only his own feelings he would close the meeting, as tho time was so far advanced, but rather than causo any disappointment be would, in accordance with the requcBt of their pastor, proceed to deliver the address to him on the pastoral office. He then urgod on the Rev. Mr. Mead the importance of depending on Divine help, and held up the character of Barnabas as an example to Christian pastors, showing that zeal, faith and love wera all necessary, and that eminent piety was essential to ministerial usefulness, there must also be watchfulness, caution, wisdom ; and courage. He must preach Christ, and Him crucified. To fill an office and to feel unqualified to carry out tho duties of that oflin.-! would bo wretchedness iu the extreme ; but all his suffi- ciency must be derived from Christ. He should ho serious without gloom, and cheerful without levity. H is outward conduct should be the index of his heart. Ho should endeavor to reflect the character of his Saviour. His piety should be such that the breath of calumny could not leave a stain upon his character. Ho must aspire after spiritual teaching that his preachins: might be more effectual ; and even the intellectuality of his preaching would be materially affected by that teaching. He must sympathize with his flock in their joys and their sorrows. Eminent piety would, enable him to do so, and would also enable him to bear np under his own trials ; and the trials of a minister ot Christ wero neither few nor small. Eminent piety would prevent him from having recourse to any worldly expedient to ensure success. Eminent piety would lead him to exercise a spirit of Christian union with all who loved the Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity and truth. The Rev. Mr. New concluded his address with an oarnest appeal to Mr. Mead to fulfil the work of the Ministry as a good soldier of Jesus Christ. The address occupied above 50 minutes in ita delivery, and was listened to with intense interest. A collection was then made, the doxology sung, the benediction pronounced, and the meeting separated a few minutes before 10 o'clock. 