Napoleonic Gossip. The London correspondent of the Liverpool Albion writes as follows: Everybody knows of the intimacy that subsisted between Louis Napoleon, D'Orsay and Mr Disraeli, during the latter years of Lady Blessington Gore House regime. Among the schemes devised for the restoration of the Count to something like a status befitting his birth, of the highest of the old noblesse of France], and worthy of his early social antecedents, one was that he should become secretary of embassy in London. To this end the captivating Countess addressed herself with infinite assiduity, and, considering her influence among leading men of all parties in both capitals, Wellington, Peel, and Melbourne, Guizot, Broglie and Thiers, c, with what ought to have been success; but it was not so. One old familiar of hers whom she specially consulted, and a better counsellor in such a case there could not be, was Henry Bulwer, now in Constantinople, then in Paris, and skilled beyond most men in the subterranean science of working out such objects. All to no purpose. The ostensible reason of the refusal was D'Orsay's complicity in the Bologne plot, it being currently stated; among other things, that the Count raised the wind for the same eagle and the sausages and the champagne of the imperial invader and one report was that he had contrived to divert to that purpose the proceeds of those enormous Exchequer-bills frauGs of Beaumont Smith, which owlish Montea-, gie didn't find out, and should have been kicked out of his affection for his blind- ness. Where the money came from that bought the steamer and the expensive etceteras of that wild-goose venture is a mystery to this hour ; but certainly D'Orsay had nothing to do with it, nor with the enterprise itself neither. Writ. ing to Bulwer begging him to contradict these rumours, one says that " Alfred was wholly ignorant of the intentions of Prince Louis. Indeed, had he suspected them he would have used every effort in his power to dissuade him from their execution. Allied, as well as I entertain the sincerest regard for the Prince, with whom for fourteen years we have been on terms of intimacy ; but of his plans we knew no more than he did. Alfred by no means wishes to conceal his attack, ment to the Prince, and still less than any exculpation of himself should in any way reflect on him but who so well as you, whose tact and delicacy are equal to your good nature, can fulfil the service to Alfred that -we require?" Henry has tact and discretion, and good nature too and it required all these qualities to avoid telling the Countess that she herself was the real obstacle to the attainment of her wishes. It was his fatal association with her that blighted the close, as it had the dawn, of his life, when to follow her, he threw up his commission in the French army,, when ordered to the war in Spain, under the Due D'Angonleme ; thereby incurring the odium of cowardice, and so rendering of no avail all his extraordinary mental endowments, and the " antique beauty and those corporeal gifts of all kinds of which Emile Girardin spoke on the occasion of the funeral of Chambourg, seat of'D'Orsay's brother-in-law, the present French Ambassador in Rome, Count de Grammont, near St. Germains. Sir Henry said that Alfred had all qualifica- tions for the office sought, but of course did not mention the one disqualification, which would have burst from every tongue had the appointment been made. But that was a score of years ago. Mr Bull's ear has since become more Irish and less nice and Gallic impurity has advanced with corresponding audacious, ness. Louis Phillippe, shopkeeping king though he was, addicted to cotton umbrellas, and immersed in soiled family linen which he had no scruple in washing in the eye of Europe, as witness the Montpensier nuptial uncleanliness nevertheless shrunk from insulting the then English sense of decency by appoint- ing, even to a subordinate situation which would have conferred the right of entree to the British Court, a man objectionable on a moral score. But now there is no compunction, on the part of Louis Phil hope'S successor, in naming to the highest diplomatic office here M. Morny ; nor, unfortunately, would there be the least squeamishness the part of Wellington and Peel's successors in receiving that person, judging by the obsequious adula, tion wherewith they receive M. Moray's delegate and probable warming pans, M. de Fiauhault, commonly called Count Flow, or Count Fluff, to give the patron- since its proper Flanders pronunciation. It is certainly a pleasing feature in modern diplomacy, and its introduction Show the present French ruler understands his epoch," that the ambassador from France at the British Court should be able to take his instructions from the President of the Council, who is his own son, that BOU being half brother, and not improbability something more than half to the Sovereign. How the ghost of that belle esprit, Princess Lieven, must clap her Tartar hands, if spectres do such things, as she witnesses this delightful progress in the work she commenced here in 28, and as she be thinks of Moray being moreover enmeshed in Muscovite matrimonial toils in the same way, and of course for the same ends, as the Ro- man offs caught the whole brood of the Bonapartes, by pouncing on the Beauhar nai8 tribe, through Eugene, ex-viceroy, and so getting that lever and screw in Italy the real influence of which upheaving instruments we shall see, together with our own folly in not having foreseen it, by the 1st April next. There can now be no mistake as to the authorisation for any representation of imperial policy made in England. Even Lord John's reputed acquaintance with French can be no impediment to his comprehension of Flahault, who has lived long enough in England to have almost become a native, as our brothers from the sister isle would say. It is rather remarkable, or not at all so, circumstances considered, that Flahault has not paid his respects to Eugene, and therefore has shown her studied disrespect as marked as her Per pigmy, who has never gone near her nor has one of the Legation from Albert-gate. Tolerably significant this as to the cause of her having come hither. "We hear of perpetual electric messuages passing between her and the affectionate gentleman who is holding bachelor revels at Compiegne, hunting game of all sorts. "Who transmits those messuages on her part ? Persigny ? If so, he might sure, to take her instructions from her own lips. But the Flahault Blight is something more cutting. Not only should his peculiar relationship to the Emperor prompt corresponding interest towards the Empress, but in virtue of his marriage in 1897, to the Baroness Keith and Nairn [his eldest of five daughters by that marriage being (1843) Countess of Shel- burne, daughter in-law of Lansdowne,] he is a Scotch proprietor, having seats in Perth and Clackmannanshire. There., fore, as a matter of the most ordinary courtesy, there should have been in the north, in the Imperial train, Auguste Charles Joseph, Comte de Flahault de la Billardrie, instead of being, as is the case, conspicuous from his absence, and thereby furnishing a practical nature on all the talk we have been hearing this fortnight back about the natural affinities between Highlanders and Gauls. The Empress' avoidance of the resi- dence of the Duke of Hamilton, although ostensibly coming hither to reside there, is accepted as a sort of Roland for Oliver report on Eugenie part, the Duchess being a Beauharnais, and therefore related to Glory, who is by no means her Majesty's right trusty and well- beloved come in, but the opposite. One story current, but highly improbable, as to her eschewing Hamilton Palace, while going to the residence of other nobles, is, that there was expected there a rather awkward visitor, the Duke's only sister, the lady who was once Countess of Lincoln, and should now be Duchess of Newcastle were it not for the circumstances deposed to, before the House of Peers, in 3 850, by Mr Gladstone, on the memorable occasion when, being asked by Brougham if he was intimate with their Graces, he creep mousey replied, (i As intimate as one in his position could expect to be with those so much above him." There- upon the Lord Harry's mobile prominent feature, t after trying to get up a sneeze, but producing only a rhinoceros-like wheeze, was observed to go through divers surprising elephantine gatherings and meetings, as be thinking him, mayhap of his own thundering Tompkins and Jenkins onslaught upon the oligarchy after the whigs had capsized him off the wool- sack, he sneered out, " Surely Mr Gladstone you know you are any Englishman's equal improbably meaning to imply that the right honourable hair-splitter's then recent sojourn in southern latitudes had somewhat emasculated his virility, and prompted a form of speech more befitting an Ionian to a dominant Turk than one bold Briton to another. Eugenie's progress southward, to Leamington, where she arrived this evening, and is well remembered by her sojourn there some years ago, seems to give the coup to the rumoured intended visit to Windsor, where indeed her presence might be peculiarly inconvenient to herself and her royal hostess by reason of the absence of the French Ambassador, actual or pro- spective As both these functionaries have hitherto kept aloof from their impe- rial mistress, it is to be assumed that they would not presume to show on an occasion like this and to invite them or not to invite them, and for them to act cept or not to accept, would be equally perplexing to all parties-a difficulty that seems to be got over by Eugenie keeping away altogether. While at Leamington she will doubtless go to Kenilworth, and there keep up the melancholy meditations she cultivated in the north in reference to Mary Queen of Scots, and once a Queen of France too, by inspecting the scene of one of the triumphs and humiliations of Mary's executioner. The picturesque remains of the renowned romantic castle belong to her old friend, and her mamma's still older friend Lord Clarendon. He was at Madrid when the little Eugenie was only the size of one of Murillo angels, and quite as beautiful, besides not being nut-brown, as Spanish angels generally are, but peachy, as a British angel ought to be. The Earl, on hearing of the Empress' whereabouts, will probably have hurried down to show her the local lions of one of the principal of which he is the proprietor, and a tolerably liberal Showman for him. But then he is so excessively cautious of committing himself, and thereby give an advantage to his noble and detested friend Lord John, who reciprocates the Eileen ny-cat affection with interest, that perhaps, on second thoughts, which with him are always best, for he has never any original good ones, he will leave the fair and pensive Castilian to moralise alone about Amy Robsart, who wedded so much above her station, and those other souvenirs of like kind in which the legend haunted village abounds. 