ON THE LOSS AND SAVING OF QUARTZ GOLD. TO THE EDITOR OF TIIE AG E. Sir,— Under the above attractive title, Mi Thomas Carpenter, M.L.A., occupies a promi nent position iu the columns of the Arffiis of the 2nd February instant, and as the obstetric resources of the Great Collins street contem porary seem to lie entirely devoted, for the pre sent, to the exclusive publication of the pro found lucubrations of the honorable member for Mandurang, I beg to request that you will accord me a small space in your valuable jour nal, for the purpose of pointing out tho nume rous defects of the whole system of gold saving advocated by that gentleman. In the commu nication above referred to, after some unmean ing and diffuse generalities on the subject of the importance of the question of gold mining in all its branches ; and more especially of the extraction of tho metal itself, to tho miners of the colony ; he alludes to the fact of the failure of numerous appliances introduced to tho notice of the mining community here— all^ having for their object tho solution of the important ques tion of tho increased and economical produc tiveness of otyr gold-mines. . . ? After some illnatured and uncalled for re flections upon the limited knowledge possessed by the inventors of various projects now be fore the public, for the separation of gold from its matrices he proceeds to disclose his grand newly invented scheme, by which the royal road— the reading made easy — of the im portant science of metallurgy as applied to gold mining, may be acquired by any one of the meanest capacity, even by the stupid managers of the abortive and swindling gold companies, on whom he expends, in passing, a very just amomnt of high-souled indignation ; and tnen comes a detailed and elaborate statement of the ways and means by which the Carpenter Ad ministration of the Department of Mines is to be signalised by the introduction of a series of novel inventions, viz., — roasting, stamping, con centrating, and amalgamating, &c.; Why, sir, is it not an insult to the intelligence of the miners of this community to suppose that they are ignorant of any or all of the methods which Mr Carpenter pretends to foist upon them as desiderata in the present state of our know ledge? Does Mr Carpenter mean to affect ignorance of the costh' experience which every one of the quartz mill owners of this colony has had as to the inefficiency of these processes, or does ho wish us to believe that he has closed his eyes to what has been passing before them for the last seven or eight years, and only suddenly found his interest * awakened up during a Ministerial crisis; when he fancies there is a ghost of a probability that in the general scramble, he may, by some lucky accident, find himself sublimated out of the sludge of his Bendigo antecedents into tho responsible position of Minister for her Britanic Majesty's Australian mines. Lest there may be any ono inexperienced enough to be imposed upon by the elaborate parade of superior knowledge exhibited in the communication which bears so seductive a pre fix as the ' Loss and Saving of Gold,' I will proceed to expose the fallacies of the wonder working sj-stem of Thomas Carpenter, who must by no means be confounded with the man of that name who wrote the spelling book of our juvenile days, but with him who is even more to be Known as the dog loby ot Mr John--' ston's lively sketch in the famous Parliamen tary debate of the 23rd of last month. In offering the following remarks, I appeal confidently to the practical miners of this colony whether I am not justified in doing so by the results of all our past experience. In the first place, as to the roasting, has not this process been generally abandoned, for the simple reason that the necessarily high tempera ture of the kiln produces a partial fusing or slagging of the minerals usually associated with auriferous quartz, which fusing, or slagging, . prevents the action of the. quick silver on tho gold in the subsequently re duced ore ; and does not every one know that gold in this state is not susceptible of amalga mation, and that under the name of dirty gold, it presents one of the greatest difficulties known to the practical quartz miner ? Mr Carpenter, indeed, tells us that only a portion of. the sulphur and arsenic is dispelled ; but from want of any practical (I do not mean laboratory), experience, he appears not to know flinf 4-V» fftTM ninlno nniiliAn ?c» m nnn nwnlln bimt IUU iwiuttiuiug AO XA4W1.0 gc-iivittiiy and intimately diffused through, the rock than in its original unburnt state ; and I affirm that nothing less than total decomposition or oxyda tion of these minerals, as well as of the various other compound sulphur ores, usua/ly associated with them, will enable us to get all the gold, as, notwithstanding Mr Carpenter's assertion to fho nnntrnrr. T mninfnin fVin* +Vi#- rm?fVk«nlvr»r« will never act chemically on the sulphur, and that it does not dissolve the coating of mineral impurities imparted to the gold in the kiln roasting process which he recommends. Secondly : Under the head of stamping. After some statistical but practically worthless information as to the displacement of a certain number of tons -weight of iron in a certain number of feet at a certain copper-reducing works in Cornwall, he suggests that the num ber of holes in the gratings should be increased to the number of at least 160 or 180 to the square inch, instead of 80 or 100 as at present. I enclose for your information a piece of a sieve which I have lately used, in which there are at least 200 perforations to the square inch. But I do not recommend them for general use, as it must be obvious that different ores will require different methods of reduction, and there ere many kinds of rock which it would be actually prejudicial to reduce so fine. In fact, gold being the most ductile and malleable of the metals, it would only facilitate its loss to stamp it out to the condition of gold leaf, which it would be impossible to save ; and, therefore, the extreme comminution of the ore should bo reserved for some of the secondary processes of reduction, in which the extremely fine gold would not be al lowed to run off in suspension in so large a body of water as is absolutely required in the ordinary stamping process to keep the batteries free. Thirdly : Mr Carnenter BDeaks of concentra t!on by means of what he calls ' long and nar row wooden channels covercd with blanket ing.' He means, I suppose, what every one knows by tke name of blanket tables, and in which there is no such thing as concentration. The concentration tables are a very different affair from the blanket tables. But this he does i not know anything at all about, as wo have not yet imported the concentrating pans or tables from California, where they are considered in dispensable for separating the auriferous sul phurets, pyrites, &c.; Lastly, Mr Carpenter's now process of amal gamation in barrels has been practised for cen turies in Europe, aud in North and South America, but principally for the siliceous silver ores. At Mooro Velto, the Saint John Del Rey Company's Gold Works in Brazil, referred to by Mr Carpenter, I do not believe the barrel sys tem is used, as I met the manager of that com pany in London, on his return from South America, about three years ago, when he ex plained to me the various methods adopted there, and I did not hear him say anything about the barrels. Strange to say, a consider able portion of the company's operations, em bracing altogether the reduction of over two hundred tons of quartz per day, is credited to tho old Arrastra method, which is still in use in all the Mexican mines. At the well known real Del Monto mines in that country, they use the barre's, and also what is called the patio system of amalgamation, in which the mineral after being ground in the Chilian stone mill, is incorporated with the quicksilver by means of treading out with horses, and the amalgamation process requires a space of two or three weeks. Tedious process enough this, but strange to say, purposely selected for tho economical and eflective reduction of tho poorer classes of silver ores. In short, long experience has taught them that much time and repeated workings are necessary for the perfect amalgamation of the quicksilver, and the metals whether silver or gold ; and the quartz miners of Victoria would do well to bear in mind that amalgamation as well as electric telegraphy is not instantaneous. ivir ^arpei.icr spuu&s; Ui iuu uvuiuuijuu ux xuaa i of quicksilver by the barrel system, but a memorandum made recently in Mexico affords me an opportune answer to such a statement, when I find that at the various haciendas or reducing establishments of the Sanchez, Velasco, Saint Miguel, and Regla mines the loss of quicksilver is set down at over two dollars, or four pounds weight of quicksilver, per 3000 pounds weight of ore operated upon by the barrels, and that tho quantity of metal not extracted bv the same process amounts to 16£ per cent, of the amount known to be contained in tho ore originally. On my return through California last year I 6aw the old barrels laying about many af the mills, and they are, therefore, evidently not rfow in requisition in that country. By a para graph in this day's Argtu, I see that Mr Car penter himself has changed his mind about the efficacy of the barrel- system since Saturday last, as he now proposes to supersede it by means of a new inventiou of his — a sort of re volving blanket apparatus, which I saw des cribed in one of the Ballaarat papers over five years ago. It was copied into the Melbourne Builder iu the year 1855 or '6. ; Should you tie disposed to afford me space in a future number of your valuable journal, I shall have something more to say on this impor tant question, ' tho loss and saving of quartz gold. Your most obedient servant, RICHARD GOULDING. Melbourne, 8th February, 1861. 