POSTAL MATTERS , ON THE DOWNS." ! v,' J S vo seen are highly amused and delighted up here with the very interesting (?) report of a Post Office Meeting held at Drayton and reported at length (but whether ' verbatim' is doubtful in the columns of your Downs contemporary The meeting, we are told, was a very influential one, and one of the speakers I believe a barman in a public house, stated that "the resolutions would go down hacked with high authority," which statement of course was immensely cheered. I need not remind you that some time ago a very violent correspondence took place between a Peter Plym'oy" and the editor of the 'D. D Gazette,' relative to the removal of the Post Office to Toowoomba, and there cannot be a doubt, but that the former writer made out a very strong ease and adduced arguments which completely silenced his opponent. The meeting at Drayton was a real counterpart of the editor's letters in the North Australian' but not one of the speakers-not even Mr. Handcock the great oracle of Drayton adduced one argument to support their cause, except the usual plan of abuse, levelled specially at the Mayor of loovvooinbiand Mr, J. C. White. INO change of any kind involving the hands iiCMoi- prosperity of large communities have ever been accomplished without exciting- the antagonism of a discontented few, »busifontioi cannot exercise their functions beyond their mines and who imagine they have only to rise and speak and shine, and the world becomes eloquent in their favour and enthusiastic in their cause Exactly so is it with the few individuals in Dray' ton, who now wish the, district to remain in a passive state, while all around I, ."?. of life vitality, and energy. They cannot, or will not believe that it is the duty of the government to attend more to the interests of sixteen hundred inhabitants than to the questionable interests of two hundred and hence they blister away, in" blissful ignorance- alive but they are blustering about, and what is wave have none to put them in the path that is right. And when the blind lead the blind the result is easily surmised They talk about the material wealth of Drayton but in what it consists they fail to show-, Calculations have been made by some of their own party opposed to the establishment of a municipality' from which it is found that the value of n,(*"blé property in Dru) ton would not exceed £30 000 and most probably would not each £2.),000 The rateable property) in Toowoomba is fully £72 000 and treat ebb, ease see us material wealth is concerned Toowoomba is in excess of Drayton, by at least three times the amount. Will Mr. Handcock give us his opinion on this point, and furnish us with statistics to prove the material wealth of Drayton, 0 which to much is said, but so little proved 1 Dr. Lang on one occasion destinies and . _. McC Fig . Jr' while on one occasion designated, and not ted '""and)' so J'iiijtoii a mud-hole, and came out 106 very strong upon the Mirieyor who fixed upon the spot as a sue for the town. over. Bundey's however, has set his opinion in opposition to the Dr. s, and indeed of everybody else, and gives us service to an idea that never before was advanced viz., that lowoomba will never be the town that Dan) fun is, on account of the sickness and mortality existing in it. But what U play C is 'that Mr. Handcock does not make use of In., reasoning u. powers. Hall lift' done so he would have discos- I as vered Eliza pitiable exhibition The niadeofhimse-lf ,t- "1 thus unerringly town nutonhiH torus heuhb'M m ness if Toowoomba is fcuohnsieklyplaeefivliieh t, by-the-bye I most emphatically deny) why "I did he (air Handcock) buy so much property \- there is Why is it that Drayton, with all its health, has only ¡¡.-.O'to 300 inhabitants, while Toowooomba, with its Handcookian sickness and mortality, has 100, and is daily increasing ? And why is it so few deaths occur? v\ by, Mr. it in a fact known to all, that the climate of the Downs is unequalled, And equally known to us here, that when Mr. llaiiilcocit sought our suffrages to represent us in price. must, be deMfcimtetl toowoomba "allegation i of the Downs,'.',pointed to the homely cottages and strong fields round and thrashed the c I i owner's whether they would continue slaves to the hquitttuis.or love him (Handcock) to guard and protect their interests in the parliament of the country. But what a change has come o'er the, spirit of his victim is '15,0 'guerdon of the BOWLS, which so charmed the iMiiyiiiuiiuii of the ex- kunoittbio gentleman, when the g lady lii.sd'c-f Msieqiiaiiu-.ucot, dimmed kin perspective, is now a place where sickness and di much avail, and where he should be sorry to live. Airs! Handcock J That you should be so ungrateful as to under a deliberate falsehood of a town tlu.tiiu;d'Uiw'to.ji.u when various 'just love' proved, fickle and luila.tlifui," 53 more than we expected and it you cannot seduce is better the" argument than the above, which is as full as it a-., inapplicable to further and strengthen your des cause, I apprehend the Postmaster-General will have little difficulty in deciding upon the course to adopt. It is a fortunate circumstance for Toowoomba thin Mr. Jlamlcuck is what he is, and is not Premier of Queensland, or else 1 running iv people of Toowoomba would-be no IULHI of the general revenue, while to Uiajtmi would have,, awarded Uenjuinm's mess, ten times are of Farm I v all the test. Mark how kind at d considerate to a .,!,, is in the following sentences thing' that is the people of 'look out he, should have no court i. neild of ?luuivuomba until they had Court-house." ' ,',; Ho chinese! J-II teen hundred people to ! ",, quietly walk eight miles in the scorching sun to Fri have justice administered, because the fiat of skin Handcock hath decreed it ! Fortunately for Toowoomba, Handcock is not Nebuchadnezzar yet, however soon he may be, and until he is we shall not only have a Court but a handsome Court- j house, built of brick and stone, into the bargain. The claim put forth by the Toowoomba people to have Toowoomba made the place of arrival and departure of the mails is based upon justice and equity. With very few exceptions, so few indeed as to be hardly worth noticing the opinion is I generally prevalent that this change might be made with very considerable advantage, and I have no doubt, but that the clear statement of the case laid before the Postmaster-General by the Mayor of Toowoomba, together with the report of the highly influential meeting held at Toowoomba, furnished by the Police Magistrate, will have its due effect in the proper quarter. That there are grievances and complaints, founded on justice, urged against the management of the post-office is admitted on all hands, and so long as the postmaster has other duties, than those relating to the post-office to attend to, such will be the case. The only remedy is a thorough change in the post-office, and the appointment of a paid post- I masters' I am, Sir, your most obedient servant, THE GHOST OF DRAYTON. March 8, 1861. 