'PLEURO-PNEUMONIA.. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. SIR-Having been in charge of a herd of Mr cattle in New South Wales when the black leg', <!.!<7,Iack I"""61' or join" murmur, as it is variously M~ttermed,-was raging; and having at the same , time a ye intelligent breeder as my employer, I ' - his opinions of the cause of that disease made a ,s)rPnS impression upon my mind, and led me, in . V "py subsequent management of stock, to adopt M i J118.'»?0"68 °' breeding, and to take note of how 1,, fur different diseases might he attributable to what he professed to believe the foundation of . 2 nearly all epidemic or epizootic complaints, ,' namely, the partial destruction of a vigorous constitution by an injudicious system of breeding. ,, Since thenjffifrhavo had charge of many large , squatting establishments both cattle and sheep, and horses also-and my own experience and observation have confirmed me in adopting the ., views of the gentleman who first led me to study the matter. Nor have I been limited in my observations to the study of stock in a healthy state for in 1838 and 1839, I was overseer on two very large sheep establishments one on the Fish River, ; the other nearer Lake George-on both of which by the catarrh raged with great fury, affording me an excellent opportunity to test the principle of . how far injudicious breeding among sheep might I ( render these animals more or less susceptible to , the influences of the epidemic. When, in 1888, the Sydney Government offered a prize of 200 ( guineas for the best essay on the catarrh, I ba- frame a competitor and although I was not the , successful one, the judges stated that they his great difficulty in selecting one of the three best: essays to which to make the award, and spoke of all three selected from among nearly 30 candi- . , dates-as possessing considerable mont and a mine was mentioned next to that which gained ; the prize, I was flattered with the idea that my A, opinions were by no means erroneous. , I simply mention this circumstance, because in the course of my remarks here I shall extract some portions of that essay, to show that my , t views relative to the injurious system of injudi , cious and indiscriminate breeding have undergone ,, no change since 1838 ; but, on the contrary, that my opinions, based on my own observation, are more firmly established than ever, j, I make my start, then, on these premises, that a reckless system of breeding in-and-in, and an ignorant or inattentive method of mating animals-not excepting man himself produces in the progeny a constitution SO delicate and de- bilitated as to render those animals an easy prey to disease. The predisposition they acquire from one or both of these causes, to take on disease-if I may use the term and the great susceptibility they manifest, render them ready victims to 7, every passing atmospheric change. Their constitutions have become prepared to afford the most luxuriant growth to the seeds of any kind of ; endemic disease, that bad feeding, tainted housing, or exposure to sudden changes may sow. Let it not be understood that I mean to say ! breeding in-and-in, or, more properly speaking, close breeding, is impossible, without entailing , this susceptibility of disease. Richard Booth's , famous herd of cattle is a proof to the contrary. They have been bred in-and-in now for nearly 100 years; and there are many other herds , where similar proofs might be had if they were required. Breeding in-and-in, in the hands of a competent judge, need entail no such risks at all for while he selects from the same herd the animals that exhibit the finest developments, he takes care to study the relative ages, their natural constitutions, and their blood affinities. It is in the hands of the incompetent and ignorant j breeder that the damage is done in the hands . of him who, because certain females show five points, places them with males that may be their closest blood relations, or that may in other " particulars be very objectionable sires. It cannot be denied that the system of breeding prevailing in the. colonies, particularly among cattle, is of a kind likely to be productive of thomostdangerous consequences. Except in the stations of the principal breeders, what is the system 1 Why, that the males of all ages and conditions mix indiscriminately with the young, the old, and the feeble of the other sex. We find heifers calving at 16 months old, and old cows breeding that have as many rings round their horns nearly as they have hairs on their tails. Look among" the small . farms in every agricultural district ; observe the town herds, with the patriarchal parish bulls, and the host of lean, misshapen. sickly-looking cows A and heifers, the progeny of these patriarchs, that .'. have in turn become his concubines, and wonder ' ' if you can that such animals, or their offspring, can be free from disease, or able to resist its , attacks. ( Not having been much in the country for the last few years, I cannot say how far reform in the matter of sheep-breeding has been carried, , except on hearsay testimony, and through that source I learn that, generally speaking, a very marked improvement has taken place, and that a regular change of rams forces now a principal , element in the breeding of sheep; but in my squatting career, I know that something 'nearly, as bad as the above was common on that majority of sheep stations. Sheep were allowed to breed year after year from the closest affinities, and ewes were frequently literally bled to death. Instead of being called out and fattened off after. a rearing their fourth or fifth lamb, they were allowed to breed away until they had neither ( teeth in their mouths nor flesh on their bones ( the merest ghosts of animals and to this, there was no doubt, the malignity, if not the origin, of the catarrh was attributable. In those days the majority of the shepherds and hutkeepers in the New South Wales district were assigned servants, sometimes a very unruly class of men to deal with and, unless they were 'well watched, the hurdles would be placed in the most convenient place for themselves not for the sheep-and occasionally not shifted for days together. The consequence of this was, that the poor animals, already reduced by a bad system of breeding, were often to be seen standing after sunrise up to their knees in hot liquid manure, inhaling its exhalations and from being unable to lie down all night, they had to rob themselves of a portion of their feeding time by day to make up for the rest they could not procure by night. . This was the hotbed where the catarrh was nurtured and from which its seeds spread far and wide. Pleuro-pneumonia, like the catarrh, is an in a infectious episodes, and, like the catarrh, I believe it to be non-contagious. ' I can speak with the greatest confidence on this point, so far as catarrh isoonccrned,because, when in charge of Captain Savage's sheep, near Gundaroo, a great many instances occurred of ewes dying from the ca 'farmer while their lambs, that had been observed Vito suck them, when the dams were actually dying -sand which lambs were purposely caught and riddled never exhibited any symptoms of the disease. These lambs being the offspring of a fresh change of rams placed with the ewes any eight or nine months previous, added a fresh testimony to my proofs of the value of crossing a and I may, perhaps, be allowed to introduce here what I wrote to the Sydney Government in 1848 " The cause of catarrh, in my opinion, is the exposure of unhealthy, delicate animals to a state of the atmosphere which, at certain seasons, acts with fatal influence on constitutions rendered more than ordinarily weak by a reckless system Ujf breeding in-and-in." Although the symptoms of catarrh and pleuro-pneumonia differ, I am of opinion that they both proceed from the same cause. The great difference, however, in the characters and constitution of cattle and sheep may reasonably account for this difference of the effects produced on their relative systems, even, if arising from the self-same cause. As there is no positive proof that the disease has been introduced here by imported cattle although that is alleged let me see how and under what circumstances, the same has made its appearance ; how its progress has been marked, and what other evidence there is to assimilate it to'-, the i epizootic known as catarrh among sheep'.,,,, If it be a twin-sister to catarrh, it 3s' more than probable that the same course of action may check its ravages. If it be not, there will be no harm in my expressing my belief that it is ;' because the arguments of abler and more experienced men, of backed by reasonable proofs, ^ilTeasily prevail over mine. As I freely admit that the two diseases which have made such havoc in this country-one among the sheep and the other in the herds of the cattle breeders are quite different in their manner of their attack on cattle and sheep respectively, I need not in anyway, refer' to the symptoms by which either is 'characterized. . * -. i t I f On Mr. Boadle's farm, where the scourge first manifested itself in this colony, it appears that this homestead is situated on a very exposed hill, although, if they chose, the cattle can find shelter under its lee'; and I read that " the south-west and south winds (and I presume the rain too), especially must often be felt by both man and beast." (Mr. Boodle thinks it probable that the disease was introduced by an imported cow, and so I should from what he says. Still, we want the direct testimony.) On Mr. Hooper's farm, where the disease has also appeared, I take the following from the Farmer's Journal and Gardeners chronicle :- . , " So far as the pasturage is concerned, there is nothing worthy of particular notice, as it does not differ from that of much land near Melbourne, and is far more sheltered than that of two-thirds of the colony. The most careful observer can see nothing whatever in the position or character of the locality to account for the outbreak of the disease. When we came, however, to examine the miserable cow-house and the filthy yard in which it is situated; the numerous pools of stagnant water; the low swampy character of the place, the treatment the cattle undergo, and the common but objectionable system of breeding pursued, we may almost say that amply sufficient funds are of furnished to enable us to account, if not I that the origin, at any rate for the malignity, of he disease now spreading] amongst Mr. Hooper's i utile. > ' i '' A " Upon approaching the homestead, it is soil observed that the cow-yard has been erected, end the long, narrow shed meant for a CDW house has been built, in a swampy place, or on. the lowest spot that could possibly be selects I, rod that man and beast are in one respect third in a level, for the dwelling- house is situated on he low ground also. The shed in which the dairy cattle are kept by night extends along the north side of the muddy yard, and thus from its southern aspect, the cows throughout the night are exposed to the coldest winds and storms experienced in this portion of the enemy, whenever they occur. But not only u the aspect bad; the whole character of the structure is the worst that can be conceived, in width the shed is just sufficient for a cow of ordinary length ; then, instead of the roof sloping down towards the tails of the cattle, and thus acting in some degree as a shelter to counteract the mistake in the aspect, it slopes altogether the other way, or from a height of 10ft. or 12ft. over the hind quarters of the cattle, down to a height of 5ft. or 6ft. at their heads. Here we observe the principle of the windsail on an extensive scale. The roof stands high, facing the very direction whence our coldest winds bUw in stormy weather, and night winds in fine, weather; our coldest winds coming generally from the south-west, and our night winds at me it. always from the south-east and then a cold. and doubly strong, and therefore doubly severe, wind descends upon the chained cattle. And further on, in the same article, the writer tays:-"Womayfurthermention that the principal' occupation on the farm, which embraces an area of 9000., consists in dairying and in reaiitigyouuj stock. We have already referred to the objectionable system of breeding pursued. It is nothing now, for it seems in universal practice' everywhere around the city, and consists in milking calves produce calves. Almost is see a n calves are weaned, they become themselves mothers, and their offspring become more beer in their turn Thus proceeds a race of puny, dose merino animals, that, possessing scarcely til 3 shadow of a body, are equally defective in constitution. Some of the dairy cattle of this stamp on IVIr. Hooper's farm are so small, that, without; much exaggeration, they may be compared to, good-sized Newfoundland dogs. We noticed amongst the sick-list four small animals of this stamp one, in particular, seemingly heavy in calf and on closer examination, we discovered that the same party creature was not a UJ year-old heifer, as we had at first supposed, but a two-year-old milch cow, having had a calf be fore." In the case of Mr. Chenery, of Belmont, Massachusetts, on whose farm the disease first appeared in America, that gentleman writes : - " From the foregoing remarks it will be perceived that some months ago, when the disease was raging, I believed it to be infectious or c is tedious, but I confess that more recently the conviction has forced itself upon me, that it was of a i entirely local character; that the lungs of the battle had become diseased by breathing carbonic acid gas, generated in the cow-house, in consequence of insufficient ventilation. Thereceutdo- ! velopments with regard to the spread of the disease in North Brookfield and vicinity-in tracing its origin to the calves that west from in/ ' farm in June last, together with the information that I have just received in a letter from Holland upon the subject, will, I fear, force me back again to the belief that it is the veritable European scourge." So that now, if he be right in the last conclusion he arrived at, it is not improbable that the " insufficient ventilation" was the ago at to inoculate the susceptible animal, or to force the latent disease into vigorous action. Professor Simonds, from whom you quote I lately, writes thus Although highly contagious, all animals are not liable to take it, even who ft mixing freely with those that are infected, as a sound, strong constitution may often throw off the morbid influence without injury to the system. There must be susceptibility, and this is induced by anything calculated to lower the healthy tone of each animal Buch as overcrowding, bad feeding, or confinement to wet, badly drained, and cold houses and yards, or pis . trees." The professor and I differ in our opinion Isis to the contagious nature of the disease, but We are agreed on all else. Professor Dick, in a paper read before the Highland and Agricultural Society, said "he considered its origin and propagation to be atmospherical and attributable to influences to which, man and the lower animals were equally de posed ;" and also " did not consider that it was contagious, nor that it affected the ground, or sheds, or pow byres. The general apprehension i of contagion did great injury, by diverting the attention of cattle owners from the real causes of the disease, loading them to place embargoes on their farms, and to overlook the particular exp J sures, and the want of cleanliness andventdatioa in their stables and cow houses. A particular vi and acting on a standing, with a particular exposure, combined with want of proper attention to cleanliness and ventilation, would produce the disease, when no other case of it could be found within 40 miles." On the question of contagion, Professor Dick and I agree? and he seems to think it possible that the disease, in its early stages, may be cured ; but even if it could I doubt the propriety of attempting it, as the supposed cured animal might break out again, and sow the seeds of the disease in other quarters. Referring to the matter, the professor is reported as follows: - " To illustrate the treatment required, the pro- fessor referred to a case in Lanarkshire, where he had been called on for advice. His instructions to the smith or farrier on the property were, that he should bleed whenever he observe 1 any cough, or alteration on the milk or feeding ; clear out the bowels by laxative medicine, say lb. of epsom salts, nitro, tartrate of antimony are large and repeated doses, repetition of the bleeding, blistering the sides, and even firing, if necessary. After the inflammatory action has, been subdued, tonics should be administered. By following this course, the smith acquired a local celebrity. It was sufficiently simple if adopted at an early stage of the disease ; but if it has made a certain progress, no reasonable hope of 1 success can be entertained." I may here state the conclusions I arrived at as to medical treatment for catarrh, as detailed i J my essay. " With regard to any medical great event of the disease being successful, I must say, that except in the case of selecting a few sheep for the sake of experimenting upon them, The leave it to be a waste of time and money, I have; seen sheep bled in the eye and jugular vein ; I have seen salt administered ; I have known sulphur, salts, and oil given as purgatives, besides numerous other drugs, but without over seeing any positive good result. It is possible, however, that: the catarrh may attack sheep long before we notice it, and cause such derangement: of the system before we perceive the outward (j symptoms, as to defy the power of the strongest medicines.. . . I am satisfied that the Bale it curator catarrh, under any circumstances, is to convert the sheep into tallow," &c.; To this testimony, and to what I have before quoted, I shall add that of Mr. Chenery, win huss: "My OB a private opinion, based up a costly experience, is, that whenever in 2min 3 becomes really sick with this distemper, the best in a ment is to slaughter and bury forthwith." As the disease is at a very infectious nature, it would substitute in the above the word "burn" for " bury." The editor of the Veterinarian, too, when examined before the House of Commons, in 1857, said that "it was absolutely necessary to prevent its spread, that all cattle, in whatever stage of the disease, should be, immediately on its discovery, destroyed." As cures, then, seem to be out of the question, I shall next consider what are the best preventive measures to be adopted. The chief ones, in my opinion, are to improve immediately our present dangerous, destructive, and careless system of breeding and also to introduce a better system of management, by compelling owners of cattle, to place their milking yards and cow houses in dry, elevated spots and to keep them clean and well ventilated, and their cattle well fed. There appear to be serious obstacles although not perhaps insurmountable-to bringing the power of the Legislature to bear on the matter of breeding. ' If it should be deemed objectionable, no effort should be spared at all events to " induce" people to adopt a safer and better system. Any attempt to save cattle that are suspected should only be tolerated until it is positively known that they ' are infected with, this terrible malady their destruction should follow immediately. 1 ' Commissioners or inspectors, of known ability and integrity, should be appointed for certain stated districts to carry, out the provisions of any legislative enactment that may be framed ; o ii I think it would be advantageous to incorporate a'catarrh-bill with that for pleuro-pneumonia, because, although our flocks have now been free from that scourge for a number of years, there is no telling when it may break out again. It cannot be denied that we must frequently expect attempts will be made to conceal the attack of disease by the owners of cattle; therefore, same such officers should be appointed, and every person possessing cattle or sheep who shall not, upon any unusual sickness or mortality manifest- ing itself among his stock, immediately gave public notice, or notice to the inspector, of the same should be rendered liable to a very heavy penalty. All cattle or sheep destroy ad on au i count of these diseases should either be bills I down or burnt, and a fair compensation i also as to the owner from the public revenue, say to the J extent of one-third of their market value. Up- sides these precautions, every station, farm, or paddock in which the disease has appeared BII if I , be tabooed for 12 months e, no cattle of any kind I should be allowed on it at all, if possible. As this communication has now far exceeds v.hatfh)uld be the limits of a newspaper letter-, it must sires it to a close. I have end JAVELIN I stir ?!.',><"/ that, though differing materially include R manner of attack, pleuro-pneumonia or Uriarra. are two epizootic diseases having the same origin, similar in their progress and destructive course, and yielding to the same preventive measures. In catarrh I have proved what I advance ; in pleuro-pneumonia I am satisfied the same result would attend a similar treatment. To conclude, I will now extract from my or final essay the advice I tendered, the New South Wales Government, over twelve years ago : " In conclusion, I would recommend that the Government be empowered to seize and destroy all sheep attacked with catarrh allowing the owners the privilege of saving the tallow and skins if they, please; but should the general opinion be in favour of the catarrh being a oon t aged us disease, the skins should be destroyed as well as the carcases, and the tallow ought not to be removed except in a rendered state. I thin of the Government ought also to proclaim every di i cased station for at least twelve months, neith i allowing sheep to feed on nor to travel over it it might nevertheless be safely used for cattle c 4 horses. With respect to the light of the parties! whose flocks are so seized to any compensation I will not now remark, further than by saying that I think the sheepholders generally would I submit to any reasonable demand required to ea force a system that would free them from the chance of ruin which attends this dreadful visita- tion." Tam. Rir.voiiro.fcp-. JAMES M. MAIN. Geelong, Dec. 24. [But for the fact of our correspondent's letter having been written from Geelong, it would not be easy to account for a man of so much exps licence among stock holding such peculiar, and we may now add, antiquated ideas with regard to pleuro-pneumonia in cattle, or adducing such proofs in support of those, the only one of the least force being the opinion held by Professor Dick some years since, which, by the way, may have been changed long ere this, as most certainly has the mode of treatment recommended, which in the case of true pleuro-pneumonia would be speedily followed by death. Then the extract containing Mr. Chenery's opinion he, not been carefully read, or it would have been seen that he had changed this a second time, acknowledging the disease to be the same as prevails on the Continent of Europe, where its con- tagious character has been clearly proved by a long series of experiments. But the context of the letter shows that Mr. Main himself in not aware of the exact meaning, in a medical point of view, of the words infectious and contagious, so that he can scarcely be looked upon yet as an authority on this branch of the subject. On others of less importance there are still differences of opinion among professional men, who have devoted much attention for years past to the study of this disease] 