ESSAYS AND REVIEWS. I j (From the Quarterly Review ) 1\. The Education of the World." By Temple, D.D., Head Master of Rugby School. 2\. Bunsen's Biblical Researches. By Rowland Wil- liams, D.D.¡.Vice-Principal, Lampeter College.'' v., 5.v On the Study of the Evidences of Christianity. ! By ' v Baden Powell,-M.A., F.It.-S.,, S.Wlhil"Professor of. 1 Geometry, Oxford.i S ' II?'! If t .4. The National Church. By II.; B.f WiU6", B.D.j >S'-ViearnfOteat"Staughton. .. - '" ,'r'-.l V;- "' - .fi. On the Mosaic Cosmogony. -Bf C. \V. Goodwin," \M.A. G, Tendencies of Religious Thought in England, 1638 1750\. .By Mark Pattison. BJ).. _ 7\. Oh the Interpretation of Scripture. .By Benjamin,, Jowett, M.A., lit gius Professor of Greek,'- Oxford. . \-- London, I860. --- - "TnR volume, the title of which we have placed at tho head of this article, has met with a circulation, and excited a measuro of remark, which appear to us lo bo far greater than it- would naturally haro 'obtained by its mere literary merits. There is vu truth in the volume nothing which is really now, and little which, having been said before, is said here with any new power, or with nny gi cat additions, either byt way of amplification, illustration, or research. AVilh the exception of the last Essay, we think the mere literary character of the volume uelow what we should have been led to expect from the names of the several essayists. E-ipccially does this apply to the contribution of Dr. Temple, with which the volume opens. There is really nothing in it but tho Working out, with often a ploasant fauoifulness, and ottener still something of the prolixity into which'the writer of allegory is so apt to ho botriyed, Of a rather forctid similitude between tho growth and progress of the race of men and that of the ' individual man from in- fancy to age. i To what, then, is to be attributed the degree of interest willoh this volume lins excited J Kot certainly, we think to its subject ; for, well-suited ai its specu- lations may be to the metaphysical mind of Garnuny with its insatiable appetite for mystical inquiries into history, philosophy, science, morals, or religion, they are certainly not of a class which has commonly at- tracted many English readers. What, then, is it which has secured a reading, and in some degree an attentive reading, in may quarters for this volume - Li amwef to this question, yt c gladly admit that we believe1 its first recommendations, especially to the young men amongst whom they live, is the appuient earnestness of character, piety of spirit, aud high moral objeot set before them by the most distinguished of its «rittrs. No one, however deeply-rooted may be his contrary conclusions, or however plainly ho may mai k the presence of other tones,-of a certain sense of disappointment and concealed bitterness, can read Mr." Jowett's Essay upon the Interpretation of Scrip- ture without feeling the full power of those influences acting on his own spirit. But the sense of this, and the estimate of what must be the effect of such words upon young-, ardent,- and unsuspicious 'minds, espe- cially if the teacher is one who has been exalted in their eyes by what they deem persecution, and if he stoops to sympathise with their difficulties and think their thoughts, all this only makes it the more imperative though the more painful duty of those who believe that infidelity,' if not Atheism, is the end to which this teaching inevitably tends, to speak with- out reserve their opinion, and to endeavour, to the utmost of their power, to mark' its tendency' as well as to expose its fallacy. .'It is in this, spirit we ap proach this task : for truth is dearer than Plato ; and ere me at stake truths more precious 'far than any which Plato could have endangered. 1 Dut besides the intciest with whioh thosoqualities of its authors rnBy have invested this volume, we i.iyi i and ve say it with pain, that we believe that the '. tau in ¡on it bus obtained is largely duo to the position 1 of its writers Ii is not bo much the ' what ' as the ' -who says it ' which has excited such a general attcn { tion. It is with these speculations as to so great a degree it was with the jokes of Sydney Smith, which perpetually derived a peculiar piquancy from their uttercr being a clergyman. There was about them just enough, if not of irreligiousness, yet of violation of professional fitness, to give them from clerical lips a peculiar sting. So we believe it to be here : if only certain professors of University College, London, had put forth the suggestions contained iu this volume, ù would not, with one or two marked exceptions, have been found to possess either the depth, or tho origi-' nality, or tho power, or the liveliness which could have prevented its falling still-born from the press. It has been read, because to all it is new and startling to forae delightful, and to others allocking-that men holding such posts should advocate such doctrines ; that the clerical head of one of our great schools, re- cently elected by a body of staid Conservative noble- men and oountry gentlemen, and a Ohaplain in Ordi- nary to her Majesty ; two professors in our famous University ot Oxford, one oliwhonvis also tutor of one of our most distinguished colleges ; the Vice Principal of the CoUego at Lampeter for training the clergy of the Principality ; and a country clergyman, famed in his day for special efforts on behalf of ortho- doxy ;-that such as these should be the putters forth of doctrines which seem, at least to be altogether incompatible with' the Bible and tho Christian Faith as the Church of England has hitherto received it— this has been a paradox, so rare and so startling, as to wake up for the time the English mind to the dis- tasteful subject of a set of sceptical metaphysical speculations regarding many long-received funda- mental truths. How far the book deserves the sus- picion to which it owes its success we propose now to examine ; and in entering upon this enquiry we are compelled by its peculiar form and proféssion to de- termine, first, how far it is to be considered as a whole for which all its writers are jointly responsible. The writers claim—and claim as a right which, when urged, cannot be withheld—that they should be tried on the contrary principle. ' It will,' they say, ' readily be understood" that tile authors of the ensuing Essays are responsible for their respective articles only. They have written in entire independ tnce of each other, and without concert or comparison.' To a certain extent we admit the claim ; out to a certain extent only. For the object and intention of the volume as a whole they aro all clearly respDn siblo. So far, indeed, in spite of the disclaimer we have quoted, they seem themselves to allow ; for they add the expression of their hope that it ' will be received as an attempt to illustrate the advantage derivable to the cause of religious and moral trutn from a free handling, in a becoming spirit, of subjects peculiarly liable to suffer by the repetition of conven- tional language and from traditional methods of treat- ment.' Here, bo far as the purpose or attempt goes, they admit a unity from.which joint responsibility, cannot be severed. "We would not press this common liability too fur, but it must extend "to the common action of the firm. Any one who undertook to unite in the '.free handling ' of such subjects in a common volume, made himself responsible for the common effect of all me essays as a wnoie. xt ne entered on'such a co partnei-liip' wiihout first ascertaining how fartho ' freedom ' of the hands he united With his omi would leach, he would have evinced a levity and unconcern from ii hieh we honestly believe that many of these writers are altogether free. But even if this were eo, still the common responsibility couldjnot be disputed A ci ¡minni levity in entering upon partnership does not destroy the joint liability of en ill.assorted linn. i It is, moreover, in this case, of less importance to fix the exact limits of joint responsibility, because any one «writer could seek to exonerate himself from the ohurgis to which through it he , niight be exposed, only by showing that 'his own contributions differed essentially from the rest in aim and purpose, and bo, in point of fact, ought not to bo there. Now, no such defence has been attempted ; nono such could, we think, succeed. The t»ame purpose ia before every writer ; , the same general tone of writing pervades the whole book ; the Iree handling of the irioBt sacred subjects, , tile free insinuation of doubts, the freedom of asser- tion, the free endeavour to defend some shadowy "ghost of Christianity by yielding up all that baa hitherto been thought its substance, is everywhere present. True, the several Essays have their several objects, as the several limbs of a body have their several actions and uses, but all minister to tho com- mon life and purposes of the whole. The several writers have their several tones of feeling and of speaking. The pleasing but feeble religious tones of Mr. Temple and the earnest and often loving and plaintive utterances of Mr. Jowett are somewhat rudely contrasted with the scarcely-veiled Atheism of Mr. Baden Powell, with the open scepticism and laxity of Mr. Wilson, and the daring flippancy of Dr. Williams ; but all combine in the great common lines of thought which pervade the whole volume and make it what it is, whether that whole be taken merely as the abandonment of the Church's ancient position of certainty and truth, or the attempt to occupy a new one free from certain difficulties to which, in these writers' estimate, that old one was exposed. Upon this point we are convinced that the verdict of the English public will be unanimous and clear. With great and admitted individual differences, making most clearly different intellectual and still more different spiritual developments, the book must be taken as a whole, and, if condemned, it must con- cern every writer in it who does not, by some after act, visibly separate himself from the fellowship of opinions to whicb he is here committed. As to one of these writers, at least, we give this deliberate judg- ment with the deepest pain. The English Cnurch needs in her posts of trust such men as his past career 'has made us believe Dr. Temple to be. We lament with the deepest sorrow the presence of hi« inmo amongst these essayists. There is undoubtedly bin . Jguege in his Essay which, standing' as it does amongst j.the others, must bo construed H connection wiihi them, and which, when só c,oi...trued,[ contains* thV v gerin of their de\ eloped errors. Yet the E-my itself, as a whole, is different in lone from those around it, and contains nowhere any direct statement of such sophistries or scepticisms ns abound throughout the .reaL.__A.Ve cannot but kopo that Dr. Temple has him jsolf been ghooli ed to find what the edifice is to which , . h'è has been led unconsciously to furnish the portal. -If this bc-scyns wentUBt It ia, the least atonement ho can make to the Chutclt upon the members of which lie has brought suspicion, 1b that he should, with tho manly openness which we believe marks his character, disclaim his agreement with the viows with which he( is here connected. But this is far from all. Im- portant as It is{ for obvious reasons affecting themselves and their posnion in tho Church; ' to lix the reid icsponbibility of the different authors of this volume, if, as we maintain, all aie ronlly responsible for the, doctrines maintained by each, there is yet another, and, if possible, a more important motive for noticing , -the essential sameness of view which; under their apparent differences, pervades these Essays. For this throw s great -light Upon their real meaning and on i the legitimate conclusion of their modo of argument. ' In dealing with such writers this assistance is in- valuable ; for one chief difficulty of our task is to know where thry themselves really mean to stop in their speculations. Tho authors deal largely-we might almost say wantonly-in suggestions of doubt and insinuations of unbelief ; there is too often mingled with the beauty and attractiveness of the better parts oí their writings, an uncertainty and ambiguity in their expressions, a business and" indefiniteness, if not about their owh conceptions, yet certainly about their expression of them ; and in one, at least, there is a pcrtt ct mastery ol the questionable art of making his meaning obscure. Hence the reader of their specula- tions continually finds himself in a thick fog of words. Through this the commonest objects of his daily life look out upon bim with a grotesque and startling novelty of form which he only gradually discovers to arise solely from the indistinctness with which they are but partially revealed ; mid if for a moment the mist melts, the chimeras which seemed to have gathered round him tura again into the most harmless and familiar groups ot domestic animals. To attempt to grapple with the meaning of these passages is like grasping at a nebulosity or seizing upon a sepia. Either there is nothing in the closed hand, or tho evading substance suddenly conceals itself in ita con- generic inky obscurity. Now, in dealing with a sys- tem of belief which ii often thus durkly intimated, it is a gnat advantage'to lay hold of those who have carried out the farthest their own views : for from them may best bo learned the drift and ultimate con- clusion ot the common propositions. For this reaion we shall lite freely, os interpreting the whole system, the words» of tliOke of the band who bucm to us the most to have mon red the teaching ol' their school; and st all ti y to extract from their propositions what is its real scope and value ( 1 he first of these is Dr, Howland AVilliams, Vice-' Pritcipol "and Hebrew Professor of St. David's College, Lampetcr. Dr. AVilliams contributes his Essay in the form of a review of the Biblical Researches of the late Baron Bunsen." There ure peculiar ad- vantages in the form' thus adopted ; for when any proposition is to be advanced which would bo too startling from his own mouth, it ean thus be stated cither as what the Baron hat, advanced, or as what the Baron would allow to be the natural consequence of his view; or if something freer even than the Ger- man rationalizer's teaching must be hazarded, the de- ficiency can be marked as one which the essayist would fain have seen supplied, not for the satisfaction of his own view, but fur the full glory of his friend ; in whom, as it is, he has now to lament the presence of ' some specialties of Lutheranism,' some want ' of per- fect consistency ' (p. 63) ¡ or whom he has to rebuke by the gentle reproach that on too many points ' His scepticism does not outrun the suspicions often be- trayed in our popular mind,' or by the friendly hint ' that it provokes a smile to observe the zeal with which our critic vindicates the personality of Jonah' (p. 77). By such literary arts us these the essayist, sheltering himself behiud the burly lay figure whose limbs lie ruoves at will, enn put forward his utmost fancies thtough another's mouth. Wo »iii illustrate' what we mean in a bingle instance. Baron Bunsen mointaiiis, with Holy Scripture, the common origin of man from an ancestral nair. Dr. AVilliams, we gather, agrees with Mr. Wilson, the writer of the lourih lÎ6Bây,'tbat ' the descent of all mankind from Adam and EvcL is rather a form of narrative into which, in early ages, tradition would easily throw iuolf spontaneously, than an undoubted historical fact'(p. 201). Sucha weakness as Baron Bunsen shows ior so antique an idea as the common parentage of the human race, if exhibited by an orthodox divine, would probably have roused up that scornful invective which is never very far absent from tho pen of the Alee-Principal of Lampcter j but in the congluial Baron it is thus characteristically dismissed': ' He could not have vindicated the unity of mankind'if he had not asked for n vast extension of time, whether his petition of 20,000 years be granted or not ;' whilst' the leader is reminded a little further on, that ' weare bid to notice in the half-ideal, half-traditional notices of ti e beginnings of our race, compiled in Genesis, the recurrence of barely consistent genealogies. (p. OG.) Without great care the reader of suggestive re- marks of this kind might easily be led inio the mis- take of attributing to Dr. Williams as his own view what he is merci) describing as tho tenets of another. But we do not bdieie that we have been bätriyed into such an error, or that wo in any degree misrepre- sent him when we describe Dr. Williaina's theory to bemuchof the following kind:-He deems the established view of ' He velation ' tobe 'arcpre- sive idea,' which is put over against conscience as au ad versary, which represents ' Almighty God as having trained mankind by a faith to whose miraculous tests their pride must bow,' and which ' involves so signil a departure lrom the channels which His Providence ordained, that comparative distrust of them ever after- wards becomes a duty (p. 52), This established idea then oi ltevelation íb, ot course, not to bo maintained ; nor indeed, it is intimated, could it be, even if we would consent to 'bow' our souls to its 'repression,' For ' these questions of miraculous interference do not turn merely upon our conception of physical law as unbroken, or of the Divine Will as all- pervading, but they include also inquiries into evidence,' the verdict ot which it is plainly intimated would be against us (j). 51). Miracles, that is to say, are first impossible under the law of physical order, and because tney are ' incompa'ible with the all-pcrvadmg presence of the Divino Will ¡' and, further, the alleged proof of their occurrence breaks down. But the received Scriptures plainly assert thoir pre- sence, both in direct exceptional acts and in a whole . system of prophecy, of which the distinctive feature ' is an ever-present miraculous element. How, then, is the evidence of Holy Scripture to be set aside ? For this we have several canons provided :-(1.) ' Criticism ' will help us to 'reduce the strangeness of the past into harmony with the present ' (p. ..). And this is to be largely applied1; for ' wo cannot encou- rage a remorseless criticism of Gentile writing and escape itB contagion when we approach Jewish annals' (p. öl) ; or, as Dr. Jowett, with a tenderer spirit towards those who hold the ancient faith, words it :-' Criticism has far more power than it formerly had. Whether the habit of mind which has been formed in classical studies will'not go on to Scrip- ture ; whether Scripture can be malle an exception to other ancient writings now that the nature ot both is bitter understood ; whether, in the fuller light of history and science, the ideas of the last century will I hold out-these are questions,' isc. (p. 430). The re- sult of tliis remorseless application of criticism (is to the conduct ol the experiment »A e must say something hen after) is summed up by the Vice-Principal in a few pregnant words. 'On the side of external criti citn-.,' we ere told, 'we find the evidences of our canonical books and of the patristic authors nearest them are sufficient to prove illustration in outward act of principles perpetually true, but not adequate to guarantee narratives inherently incredible, or precepts evidently wrong ' (p. 83) ; and with such 'incredible ii arru tn es ' and such ' evidently wrong precepts ' we find afterwards that the Bible abounds. Criticism, therefore, is to act here as a universal solvent. A vast deal of Scripture, and especially its prophecies bo far as they are predictive, so tried breaks down altogether ;"and ' the few cases ' which remain ' tend to melt, it they are not already melted, in tho crucible of searching inquiry ' (p. 70). Being left, then, thus at large bv the action of the fir.t canon, we are prepare- for the introduction of the second. This, too, is a general favourite with our Essayists. It is thus stated bj Dr. iVilliams :-' Hence wc aro obliged to assume in ourselves a verifying faculty, not unlike the discretion which a mathematician would use in weighing a treatise on geometry, or the liberty which a musician would reserve in reporting a law cihwaçnjr'.C.. 83.. Jíwo y.'ö livirc u-iwd-t tU crtat principle of this school. The idea of this I 'verifjing faculty'-this power of each mau of I srttlinc what is and what is not tiue in .ae Inspired Record- is the idea of the whole volume, the con- necting-link between all its writers. s 'Ï Thui Dr. ^Templo, w ith the mystical and varying fancy which ""¡characteri-os his often ..beautiful »(it sfinieunat feb"olé contribution to Uiíb volume, tells us that the form of the Bible releases us from considering it as an ' outer law' either of doctrine or of practice to wliijfh weSwu ' subjection.' The .' doctrinal parts Alb cast in an historical form, and are liest studiert by considering them as records of the time at which they were written, and as convening to us the highest and ereaicst religious life of that time ' (p. 44). Does Dr. Temple really hold what these words, if they ha-se any meaning, must necessarily imply, that no doctrinal statement of Scripture commands our ' sub- jection' to its verity, or need, because wo lind it, thcre,-be-true?-or thar its appearance in Scripture' may only be the ' historical record ' ot what was, but i has passed away ? How then on this view is it pos- sible to know whether any doctrine, the very highest as it has been thought," such for example as the¡ divinity of our blessed Lord or the personality of the , Holy Ghost, is true, or whether, on the other hand, it is only the record of a past religious life : Merely, is the reply, by our own internal consciousness, by the ' verifying faculty : ' for we aro ' to use the Bible not to override but to evoke tho voice of conscience' (p. 44). To ovoid its being to us in anything ' a yoke , of subjection ' we are 'by-virtue of the principle of private judgment to put conscience between us and the Bible, making conscience tho suprome interpreter, whom it may* bo a duty to enlighten, hut whom it never can be à duty to disobey ' (p. 45). Thus ' con- science,' aided by ' private judgment,' that is to say, every man's own private conviction of what befits , Dod and what befits himself, is for every min to over xido the Bible, and the ' verifying faculty ' of the theologian is to have in weighing God's Revelation the discretion of a mathematician who is weighing a treatise on geometry. This is our possession, it ] seems, because, as he tells us ogain, 4 At this time, in the maturity of man's powers, tho great lever which moves tho world is knowledge, the great force is the intellect' (p. 48). Strango that one used to tho go- vernment even of boys should be, as it seems to us, so utterly misled by words and speculations ! The con scienec deciding for every man upon the truth of doctrine and the historical "value of facts ! and that, because ' intellect is the force which moves the world,' therefore conscience, which certainly has no direct connection whatever with mere intellect, being ' evoked by Scripture,' is to sit in final and irrever- sible judgment upon the truth of that by which it has been evoked. Many good men are infinitely above their own theories ; we trust earnestly, and we btlicve, that the Head Master of Rugby is above the theories of the essayist Dr, Temple, or we should tremble not only tor the faith, but for the morals of his pupils, who, if he were consistent with his own principles, would be taught to substitute at will for the letter of the Divine command so shifting and un- certain an arbiter. Strange again it is that such a man should not perceive to what conclusions such a theory as this must inevitably lead. For such a power of dealing with the Bible as he here proposes, and which is the same power as is named by Dr. Howland Williams ' the verifying faculty,' must belong to the most highly developed intellect of the age. What is to become of people who are below this mark ? gifted with lets than the highest natural power, or the highest cultivation ? Is not the tendency of the theory to subject mankind to a sort of intellectual hier- archy ? But all this by the way : our object here was only to bhow that, so tar as we may gather his views from this Essay, Dr. Temple thoroughly symbolises with Dr. Williams in what we maintain is the key stone of this whole theory ; for by this reasoning, in- stead of subjecting man, as to his faith and duty, to an external revelation, he subjects the revolution itself to man's internal consciousness. So, as is clearly implied throughout his Essay, did Professor Baden Powell ; especially when he speaks ol ' the palpable contradictions disclosed by astiono micfll discovery with the letter of Scriptuie ' (p. 129) ; so, in language which it is painful to quote, dot» the Rev. Henry Bristow AVilson, when he says the meaning of the Sixth Article of the English Church may bo ' oxpressed thus :-Tho AVord of God, is contained in Scriptuie, whence it does not follow 'that it is co-extensive with it' (p. 170).' " Those who are able to do so o light to lead the loss educnted to distinguish between tho different kinds' of words which it contains, between the dark patches" of human passion and error which form a "partial crust upon it, and the bright centre of spiritual truth within (p. 177). To such a faculty Mr. Goodwin, in fact, appeal, when, as to the special subject of his' own Essay, he recommends,' for the credit of other', parts of God's Word, ' the frank recognition of the erroneous views of nature which it contains ' (p. 211). Not other appears to be the view of Mr. Pattison, who, in his Historical Essay',' speaks* of tho belief that ' Reason, aided by spiritual illumination, performs^ the subordinate function' of recognising the supreme" authority of the Church and of the Bible respectively ' as ft ' hardy but irrational 'assertion,' from acknow- ledging the' authority of .the first ot which the Reformation-of the second, ' time, learned controversy, and abatement of zeal, drove the Protestants generally' (p. 328). The same principle runs all through Sir. Jowett's Essay. 1 What remains,' he says in it, ' may be comprised] m a few precepts, or rather in the expansion of" a single one—Interpret the Scripture like any other book ' (p. 377). All is, as he says, involved in this rule : mys- tical meanings-the prophetical character of types the doubts meaning of many prophecies- propositions hitherto received with reverent submission, because, on matters beyond our experience, they h ive bceu believed to speak the revealed Wisdom of God-all depart together. But the need and the room left for the play of ' the verifying faculty ' is indeed large. The Bible, in fact, according to these writers, abounds in statements which render such a faculty absolutely necessary to its true interpretation. For it contains 'attributions to the Divine Being of actions at vari- ance with that higher revelation which He has given of Himself in the Gospel'-it exhibits ' imperfect and opposite aspects of the truth '-' variations of fact and inaccuracies of language. For these are all found in Scripture ' (p. 347). Nor, according to this writer, need the interpreter have any scruple or reserve in the free and critical employment of his ' verifying faculty.' There is no reason why he should not treat ' Scripture like any other book.'* It can plead no ground for exemption. ' There is no foundation in the Gospels or Epistles for any supernatural views of inspiration. There is no appearance in their writings that the Evangelists or Apostles had any inward gilt, or were subject to any power, external to them, dif- fèrent from that of preaching or. teaching, which' they daily exercised ; nor do they anywhere lead us to suppose that they were free from error or infirmity. St. Paul writes like a Christian teacher .... hesitating in difficult cases, and more than once cor .reeling himself- corrected too by the course ot events,' Se. ("PP. 345. 8-16). ' Here then is tho great principle of the essayists. Holy Scripture is like any other good book. ' It is,' .say s Dr. Williams, 'before all things the written voice of '- do any of our readers still expect him to säyGod' No, but of-'the congregation.' The sacred writers acknowledge themselves mon of like passion with ourselves, and we are promised illumi- nation frcm.- the Spirit which dwelt in them.' Tho opposite and abandoned theory he somewhat quaintly but very indicatively defines as. that which 'prefers thinking the sacred writers passionless machines, and calling Luther and Milton uninspired ' (p. 78). ' Scripture,' re-echoes Mr. Jowett, 'is to be lead like ariy other book,' not only, as we have seen, because it embodies the same errors as other books, but also because it is not to be held to baie meanings deeper at' least in kind than they possess. For ' it is not,' ho thinks, ' a useful lesson for the young student to apply to Scripture principles which he would hesitate to apply to other books ; to make formal reconcile- ments of discrepancies which he would not think of reconciling in ordinary history ; to divide simple words into double meanings,' &c.; (p. 428) ; and aguin, ' The apprehension of the original meaning of Scripture is inconsistent with the reception of a typi- cal or conventional one. The time will come when educated men will be no more able to believe that the w ords " Out of Egypt hove I called my Son " (Matt. ii J 15, Hosea xi., 1) were intended by the prophet to refer to tho return of Joseph and Mary from Egypt than,' &.. (p. 418). This then is the great principle of their Hermeneu tics ; and, this once admitted, the least reflection will enable any one to see how far it may extend. Yet there is something beyond even this. By what Mr. Wilson calls ' tho application of ideology to the inter- pretation of Scripture' (p. 200), the already well nigh unlimited power of explaining away the letter of the Word of God is increased to the uttermost. Mr. Wilson's very words upon this subject are well worth noticing: ' Tho application of ideology to the interpretation of Scripture, to tho doctrines of Christianity, to tho formu- laries of the Chuick, may undoubtedly bo carriod to nn excess-may bo pushed so far as to leavo in the sacrod re- cords no historical residue whatever. On the other sido, there is the excess of a dull andunpainstaking acquiescenco, . See on thin milijcot Dr. Hubert Scott's University Sermons, Mi'i»H» ".".>**- Mi-íi faute»» MW* I satisfied with accepting'in an unqucHtioinblo spirit. and m if they were literally facts, all particulars of a wonderful histoiy, becauso in nonio sonso it i» from God. Between thoso extremes lie infinite degrees of rational and in-ation»! interpretation. . Jlt.wilbbo'observed that the ideal method ii armliMbi« "in-fWQ, vVttjç, both in giving account of tho origin of paris of Scriptin onml also in explanation of Scripture. It is ¿m clthcrlcrilicaljOr oxegetical. Í 'An example of tho critical ideology carried to excess is that of Strauss, which resolves into an ¡deal tho whole of the historical and doctrinal person of Jesus. , , But it by no means follows, because Strauss has substituted « mere shadow for tho Jesus of the Evangelists, and has fre. quently descended to a minute captiousness in details that there are not traits in tho scriptural person of Jesus which are better explained by referring them to an ideal than an historical origin ; and without falling into fanciful exegetics there are parts of Scripture more usefully interpreted ideo. logically than in any other manner-as, for instance the history of the temptation of Jesus by Satan, and accounts of demoniacal possessions. And liberty must be left to all as to the extatt in which they apply the principle' Inn 200 201). wt ' Now, is it possible that anything can be more utterly indefinite, or, at tho same time, more seit, contradictory than this r For, if liberty must be left I to all to apply the principle to any extent they plcaj» \- and, if tho principle is true, undoubtedly such liberty must bo left-what legitimate limit is there m to its application ? If the Temptation may bo explained away, why not the Incarnation ? if the casting out of devils, why not any other recorded fact of the life or ministry of our Lord ? and, if liberty must be left to all, why is Strauss to be blamed for using tint universal liberty, and 'resolving into an ideal the whole of the historical and doctrinal person of Jesus'? Why is Strauss's resolution an excess ? or where and by what authority short of his extreme view would Mr. Wilson himself stop? or at what point of the process ? and by what right could he consistently with his own canon call on any other speculator to stay the ideologizing process ? Here then we have the critical and exegetical rule, as it seems, in its completeness. There is but one! point further needful to enablo our readers to judge of its full power, and that is to show them not what might be, even according to our essayists, its abuse, but what is actually its use in their own hands. To begin, then, at the beginning. The Mosaic narrative of the Creation becomes ' the speculation of some Hebrew Descartes or Newton, promulgated in all good faith as the best and most probable account that could then be given of God's universe ; ' and to the objec- tion that, 'taking this "view of the case, tho writer asserts solemnly and unhesitatingly that for which he must have known that he had no authority,' it is replied as a sufficient answer that the objection ' arises only from our modest habit of thought and from the modesty of assertion which the spirit of true science has taught us ' (p. 252). Surely it is scarcely possible to employ words which more completely shut out the notion of every kind and degree of inspiration than this supposition of the speculation of a Hebrew Descartes, justified (!) from the charge of the moral guilt of falsehood by the allegation that he but partook of an unscientific im- modesty of assertion, which was the universal tendency of his age. , , Take next the history of the first beginning of our race upon this earth, and see how it is dealt with :— ' Some may consider tho descent of all mankind from Adam and Eve as an undoubted historical fact ; others may rather perceive ,in that relation a form of narrative into which in early ages tradition would easily throw itself spontaneously. Each race naturally—necessarily when races are isolated—supposes itself to be sprung from a single pair, and to be tho first or the only one of races. Among a particular people this historical representation became the concrete expression of a great moral truth, of the brother- hood of all human beings, of their community, as in other things so also in suffering and in frailty, in physical pains and in moral corruption ; and tho force, grandeur, and reality of these ideas are not a whit impaired in the abstract, nor indeed the truth of tho concrete history as their repre- sentation, even though mankind should have been placed upon the earth in many pairs at once or in distinct centres of creation.'-(p. 201.) Now, let us clearly understand how large a part of all revelation is swept away by this one ideological interpretation. First, there is of course the whole narrative of the Creation :~ with this must go every vestige of tho Temptation, tho Fall, and its con sequences to the race ; for with the ' many pairs at once,' and the ' distinct centres of creation,' all of these are absolutely irreconcileable. So the coming in of sickness, disease, and death as the consequences . of sin, are resolved into the legendary history of their origin, which belongs to all separate tribes, but which (how is not explained) becomes amongst the Hebrews the concrete expression of the truth that corruption and suffering are found, in fact, to cleave to man's !nature. This is no slight resolution of Scripture into" legend ; and yet how much more than this is im plicitly sacrificed ! what place is there in the Incarna- tion, as that mighty central event is spoken of in Scripture, if the gathering of the race into one ancestral head is blotted out ? -what becomes of the whole argument and revelation which is summed up in the blessed words, ' For as in Adam all die, even so in Christ shall all be made alive ' ? All surely pass away together amidst the mists of this ration- alising ideology. This is no single instance of the way in which, over and above the direct destruction of the value of the Sacred record, the greatest truths are incidentally sacrificed in this volume. Thus, for instance, in Dr. Temple's laboured similitude between the youth and the maturity of the individual and the race, in like manner, the first creation of man in God's image, the loss of that image by the Fall, the Incarnation, and the restoration of that image through it to the race of men, are all implicitly but inevitably excluded from the history of our race. For by the first necessities of this figure, as it is propounded in this Essay, man, tho reclaimed savage, is raised mainly by intellectual processes inherited from age to age by successive generations, until, from the feebleness in which he was created, ' the colossal man ' at last passes to his slowly developed maturity of greatness. There is no room here for the Incarnation and Redemption. Such a break in the identity of the colossal man is fatal to the whole figure, which sets before us one gradual pro- gress from original weakness to developed might the very opposite conception from that of Christianity, in which we have man created as the son of God— beginning with glorious communings with his Maker, then falling to a low estate, and then lifted up again by the marvel of Redemption, through the Incarna- tion of the Lord and the atoning sacrifice which as man He offered for man, and the communication of himself through the Church to the race whose nature He had taken into union with his own Divine Per- sonality. i The West Ai*b_aid_ Hii-les.-On Friday, May 24, the members of the above company assembled at the butt to fire for two double-barrelled guns, pre- sented by Captain Mayo. The range for the first prii-e was fixed at 600 to 900 yards ; for the second prize, from 400 to G00 yunis. A third prize in money wob supplemented by the captain, of £.ifor the first, and £1 tor the second prize, to be shot for at dis- tances of 250 to 300 yards. This last match was con- sidered and taken to bp a third-class contest. The day was rather unfavourable fur the practice, on account of the strong wind, which blew almost furiously oier the Park Lands during the entire day; but in spite of that disadvantige tho practice of the company was pronounced by the large" number who attended to witness the contest to be very good, and a decided improvement on previous efforts. Bugler Thirkell carried off the first rille prize, private Bagshaw tlie second prize, and private Addison the fiist prize of £2 for the short range, and private Davis the second prize of £1.-S. A, Advertiser, LoNCI SENTENCES UNDER TUB Vagrant Act.-The discussions as to the length of sentence inflicted by magistrates, during the passing of the recent Act to limit the jurisdiction of magistrates in that respect, has led some of the police authorities to search a* to the number of sentences of two years'imprisonment in' Maitland gaol, given in this district since the Vagrant Act wes passed, at the close of 1850. They prove to be five in number only, as follows :-In 1852, Caroline Walker was sentenced to two years' impri- sonment by the Dungog bench, for being an habitual diunkard, and the second conviction under the Va- grant Ait) in 1865, Frederick Johnson was similarly sentenced by the Maitland bfnch, for being illegally on premises ¡ in 1855, Mundivo (on aboriginal! was thus sentenced by the Dungog bench, for indecent exposure, and indecently assaulting women ¡ in 185G, John Phillips was thus sentenced by the Dungog bench, under a warrant forwarded with him to Sydney gaol ; and in 1856, John Edwards was thus sentenced by the Aimidnle bench, for being illegally on pre- mises.-Maitland Mercury. Kew Zealand : L-.ct.u_ by Dr. Neild.-We would call particular attention to the announcement in another column, of a lecture to be delivered this evening, by J. C. Neild, M D., in Mr. Cane's school- room, Stanley-street, Woolloomooloo. He has chosen for his subject one ot the most important topics of the day, vii'., "The Maori, the Government, and the Settler." From this gentleman's long residence ia New Zealand and his ultimate personal knowledge of tho native character, customs, and prejudices, the lecture cannot fail to prove a hig'ily interesting one. The Mayor of Sydney is to preside, and will take the chair at half-tast scyea o'clsck ¡¡har--. 