CHILDREN'S FEARS. CHILDREN are very imaginative beings: their fancy easily excited: and little service strike their young minds with awe. Susceptibility to impressions is especially characteristic of children. The inlets to feeling are vividly sensitive in them : and, during the first five years of life, the child perhaps learns more of the qualities of objects, their relations, ideas about them, impressions of things, and reeeives more lasting impulses to conduct and character, than he does during the whole of his future life. Unhappily, this keen susceptibility of children to impressions is often taken advantage of, greatly to their injury. Wise and careful training of youth re quires much forbearance, patience, and good guidance. The best culture is slow and gradual: but impatient nurses and educators cannot wait. They foolishly expect children to display a temper and wisdom which age and experience have not yet enabled themselves to acquire. Their mothers are too often hasty and passionate. If the child will not be "good," he is slaped ou the back, or he is threatened with " the old black man.'' .And, very often, the last powerfully affects the imagination : and, by excite ing the fears of the child, subdues him when nothing olse will. Pictures are often a kind to excite great terror in the minds of children: and those of a frightful kind ought care fully to be kept out of their way. A child never forgets the pictures with which he has been familiar in early years. They spake to him through the eye, which, at that time, is the main inlet of knowledge : and the impressions then made are of the most abiding kind. Perhaps Charles Lamb has told the story oI the imptessiveness of pictures on the child's mind better than any one else: so we quote his words : " From my childhood, I was extremely sensitive about witches and witch stories. My maid, and more legendary aunt, supplied me with good store. But I shall mention the accident which directed my curiosity originally into this channel. In my father's book- closet, the . History of the Bible,' by Stckhouse, occupied a distinguished station, The pictures with which it abounds-one of the ark. in particular, and another of Solomon's temple, delineated with all the fidelity of our ocular admeasurement, as if the artist had been upon the spot attracted my childish attention. There was a picture, too, of the witch rising' up Samuel, which I wish that J had never seen That detestable picture; " 1 was dreadfully alive to nervous terrors. The night-time, solitude, and the dark, were my hell. The sufferings I endured in this nature would justify the expression. I never laid my head on my pillow, I suppose, from the fourth to the seventh or eighth year of my age, (so far as my memory serves in things so long ago,) without an assurance, which realised its own prophecy, of seeing some frightful spectre. Be old Stack house, then, acquitted in part if I say that to his picture of the witch rising up Samuel-O that old man covered with a mantle !-I owe, not my midnight terrors, but the shape and manner of their visi tation. It was he who dressed up for me a hag that nightly sate upon my pillow, a sure bedfellow when my aunt or my maid was far from me. All day long, while the book was permitted me, I dreamed waking over his delineation; and at night, if I may use so bold an expression, awoke into sleep, and found the vision true. I durst not, even in the day-light, once enter the chamber where I slept, without my face turned to the window, aversely from the bed where my witch-ridden pillow was. Parents do not know what they do when they leave their tender babies alone to go to sleep in the dark. The feeling about for a friendly arm, the hoping for a familiar voice when they wake screaming find none to soothe them,-what a terrible shaking it is to their poor nerves!" We speak from experience when we say, that children who have been kept out of the way of such superstitious terri fyings, will readily mount any stairs, enter any room, and go sweetly to sleep alone in the dark as in the broad daylight, Because the dark has to them no fears: and that it has fears to any children, is, we are persuaded, entirely the result of bad training, of ghost-stories told by foolish servants, or still more foolish mothers ; or, what is worse by fathers, ?when foolish by far the most foolish of all. Jean Paul tells us, in his autobio graphy, that he acquired his supersti tious horror of ghosts and the dark from the stories told by his father to the children. " The fear of ghosts," he says, 4* was not so much created as nourished by my father himself. He spared us not oue of all the spiritual appearances of which be had heard, and even told us .ome which he believed himself to have experienced. Many children, who &va; physically timid, appear courageous against spirits ; but this is merely for want of immagination. On the con trary, a child like;myself trembled before the; invisible world, which his fancy formed and peopled; but he arms himself easily again9t the visible, as this never reaches the depth and greatness of the invisible." He: tells us how, on one occasion, his brother took with him to bed a ghost-story;book, and there read it for two long hours, during which, Richter says, " I lay with my head under the bed clothes, in cold agony of fear of ghosts, and eaw in the darkness the lightning from the cloudy heaven of spirits; and it seemed to me as if man himself was spun round by spirit worms." When children are by nature timid, their fears must be dealt with in a cheer ful manner. The example of confidence should be set to them. Show them the groundlessness of the fears, and protect the child against them till he,; has acquired strength and moral courage of his own. Mothers and nurses injudici ously cultivate the sense of fear in children by their over-excess of cautious ness. " Don't do this," " Don't do that," else so and so will happen. " You will be drowned or, " You will be killed;" or, " The man will come and take^you away." Thus imaginary fears are con jured up in the child's mind. There are surely other methods of prohibition beside fears, which carry with them no such torments. But into this latter question -we shall not enter now, but reserve it for some more leisure period in * the future. -L. E. 