Local and General Intelligence. —0— POLICE COURT. HORSE STEALING.—On Thursday last Ben jamin Whittaker, was brought before the Police Magistrate and T. Rutledge and W. Davis, Esqs., on remand, charged with steal ing a horse, the property of James Brogan of Cooma. Prosecutor's evidence was taken, and the case further remanded to this day, for additional evidence. DRUNKARDS' LIST.—During the week the following persons have been convicted before the P.M. of Drunkenness:— (19) Martin She ridan and (20) Thomas Flint fined 10/- or in default 24 hours' confinement; (21) John Smith fined 20/- or 30 hours; (22) Nathan Lazarus, out on bail, fined 5/. (28) Frederick Hall Barnett, apprehended on Saturday night whilst in a state of intoxication in the streets, out on bail, was called to answer the charge. No appearance; amount of bail, £2. forfeited. THE SOUTHERN ESCORT.—This week's Es cort has conveyed to Sydney, ozs dwts grs From Braidwood ............ 86 9 0 Kiandra ............... 390 5 18 476 14 18 POUND SALE.—A sale of horses will take place at the Queanbeyan Pound to-morrow, (Friday.) WATCH HOUSE, NIMITYBELLE.—In the Gazette of the 29th ult. tenders are called for the erection of a watch-house at Nimitybelle. A BIT OF BOUNCE.—As a caution to others against an attempt to scare us from our duty, we give publicity to the following "bit of bounce:"—On Tuesday last, a drunkard named Lazarus who had that morning been carried to the lock up in a state of helpless drunken ness, having procured the necessary £2.; was admitted to bail, and came straight to our office with a threat to "look out" if his name appeared in the paper. Of course we "an swered the fool according to his folly," and quickly ordered him off the premises. We take this opportunity of observing that we have long ago arrived at the determination to publish the name of every convicted drunkard, believing that the exposure thereby given to the offender has far more effect in suppressing this vice, than either temporary confinement or a paltry fine can have. Many a confirmed drunkard cares as little for a few hours incar ceration as he does for the inadequate fine of 5/- or 10/- while he may dread an exposé in the public prints. A FALSE REPORT.—Some kind individuals or other have been at considerable pains to circulate the report that the publication of this paper is about to cease, on the ground that sufficient patronage is not bestowed upon it to render it a paying speculation. We have simply to contradict the report, it having no foundation whatever. And although the support we receive is scant, placing far off the prospect of our realising a fortune, trade must become very seriously diminished with us be fore we should be compelled to retire from the field. Conducted as some provincial journals are, this paper could not live upon its present meagre fare; but happily the publication is carried out upon the most economical prin ciples, the proprietor himself being a practical hand, and its publishing expenses being com paratively small, we are happy to say, that the Golden Age anticipates anything but the giving up of the ghost. THE RETURN CRICKET MATCH.—A previous number announced that the return match be tween the Goulburn and Queanbeyan clubs would in all probability come off in this town on Easter Monday. We have learnt since that it is decided to play the match in about a month hence. The Queanbeyan club are busily engaged in their training, and the new ground on the recreation reserve is being fast prepared for the event, a sum having been raised by subscription to defray the expenses of clearing the timber and leveling the bowl ing ground. The event is looked forward to with much interest. EASTER HOLIDAYS.—Our good townsfolk have allowed the festive season of Easter to pass off this year without much ado. Good Friday was of course observed as a general holiday, or rather a holy day. On Easter Monday, business was not suspended. A few who found opportunity to be relieved from the engagements of their respective establishments, spent the day in that invigorating recreation which gives fresh vigour and zest to the mind and muscles of human nature. There was no public amusement of any kind got up, except a race or two at Micalago, of which the particulars have not reached us. There was a scratch cricket match at Gininderra in which the district eleven played against a se lected eighteen. The game was of one in- nings. The eleven scored 108, and their op ponents 129, thus proving themselves winners by 21 runs. SCHOOL FESTIVAL.—The children attending the Episcopolian Sunday School were treated to a pic-nic on Tuesday last. Accompanied by their minister, teacher, and a few friends, they repaired to a pleasant spot near the river where they enjoyed themselves as children know how to do when they have the fields be fore them, and an ample store of plum-cake and tea at their command. The party re turned to town at dusk. DEATH FROM DIPTHERIA.—INQUEST.—We regret to record that fresh ravages are being made by this fearful epidemic. On Tuesday, the 26th, a lad 16 years old, the son of a shep- herd named Hiam, in the employ of A. Gibbes, Esq., of Yarralumla, died after a brief and painful illness. An inquest was held on the body the following day, before the district coroner, when the subjoined facts were elici- ted:— The deceased first complained to his father of his illness on the previous Sunday. No medical aid was called in, but a bottle of patent medicine was procured and adminis tered. The evidence of a witness proved that deceased had been ill and unable to eat three or four days before the Sunday mentioned when he complained to his father. The medi- cal evidence attributed the death to congestion of the lungs produced by a stoppage of the supply of air in consequence of severe inflama- tion about the entrance of the wind-pipe The medicine administered was said to be of a harmless nature, and not likely to be of any service in a case of this kind; and it was the opinion of witness that if medical aid had been called in deceased would have recovered. The disease was pronounced as being very fatal. The jury returned a verdict in accor dance with the facts, and added that they considered the father was blameable in not sending for medical aid. In our opinion the father was not so much to blame as the de ceased himself, who failed to complain until to all human appearance the case was beyond recovery. It would have been more satisfac tory had the father, late as it was, applied to a properly qualified medical practitioner, in stead of reposing confidence in a patent medi cine; but it seems to us that the deceased was beyond the hope of recovery when the father was made acquainted with the fact of his ill ness. This is now the fifth case of diptheria occuring in the town and its neighbourhood which has come under our notice, of which three cases have been fatal. Medical aid was was called in in every case except that just reported. We have already urged upon the public the importance of applying for medical skill immediately upon the appearance of the first symptom of this malady; and to neglect these steps will render those concerned highly culpable. We would suggest to our resident medical men the advisability of a public an nouncement of the best course of treatment to be adopted in cases of attack, as a means of checking the disease until their services can be procured. CHANGE OF WEATHER.—The weather, which has been of late rather dry, set in last night for a most agreeable change in the form of a steady rain, most welcome just now to those who are wishful to "speed the plough." THE WESTERN PATROL.—Wm. Chatfield, Esq., clerk of petty sessions at Goulburn, has been appointed superintendent of the western patrol, vice Captain Battye, dismissed. Mr. Chatfield has now resided in this district some fifteen or sixteen years, and it is not too much to say that he leaves with the best wishes of all who know him, and that his departure, which will probably take place on Tuesday or Wednesday next, will be a matter of general regret.—Goulburn Herald. FATAL ACCIDENT.—On Tuesday last a man named Brown, a blacksmith living at Mr. Taylor's, Long Swamp, was at Mr. Hyland's, Boro, where he had some four glasses of grog. He then left on horseback, The horse being found without the rider making his appear ance, an active search was instituted by the neighbours, and was continued until Thurs day, when the body of Brown was found in the bush. The only mark of violence that the body presented was that of a bruise across the face. It is conjectured that the head of the deceased came in contact with a tree, causing concussion of the brain or fracture of the skull. The Braidwood coroner was sent for, and it was expected that an inquest would be held yesterday. Brown leaves a wife and an infant only a fortnight old.---Ibid. SPORTING EXTRAORDINARY.—Some time ago a challenge appeared in our advertising columns, from Wm. Williams, junior, in which that "'fast " juvenile offered to run any boy of, his own age—12 years—" a one or two hundred yards' spin, for a five pound note." This modest offer, however remained for some little time unnoticed; but in this issue we publish an answer to the challenge, from which it appears that a young lady-- under the age mentioned—is willing to try a "spin " with Master Williams, for a "fiver." Here are two specimens of " Young Australia ! "— Taradale Weekly News. An amusing and perplexing incident occur red yesterday in Swanston-street. A cow, apparently without an owner, walked quietly up to the first floor of a bootmaker's (Mr.' Tschentacher's), and looked carefully out of the window, which had been removed while some repairs were in progress. Her presence, uninvited, was strongly protested against by the resident and his family, but there did not appear for a considerable time any pleasant mode of bringing an effective action of eject ment. Eventually, however, after much consultaton, it was resolved to suggest to the visitor that, if leaving by way of the door were objectionable to her feelings, there re mained the more rapid method of leaving the uncongenial atmosphere of the boot merchant's floor--viz., by the open window. While ap parently pondering on the relative disadvan tages of an inglorious exit, the window was forcibly pressed on her preferent attention by a dozen stout fellows, who urged her upon that opening with such success that she with ease reached the ground, having apparently received no other damage than simply fractu ring one of those horns, which it is fortunate that, in her nervous and frIghtened state, she had not used upon her ejectors.-Argus. BURRANGONG DIGGINGS.—The Chinese dif ficulty still remains unsettled at these dig gings. We learn from a reliable source that on Sunday evening last ten of the celestials were driven away from Blackguard Gully by parties working there. We were in hopes that the miners would have allowed the Mon golians to have remained unmolested on this part of the diggings until the Legislature had framed new regulations with regard to the management of the gold-fields. From what we heard we are under the impression that there was no desire on the part of the miners to prevent them occupying this portion of the ground, as it appeared that they were the first to set into work there. However objectionable the presence of this race may be to the diggers, we cannot approve of the wanton conduct pursued by those on Sunday evening last in ill- treating the Chinese they drove away, by beating them and cutting off their tails. The "boss," known by the soubriquet of " Jemmy the Chinaman," has taken his countrymen off in the direction of Braidwood. Mr. Henley, the Chinese interpreter, is on the ground, having been sent for from Victoria by those of the Chinese who have sustained losses in the recent outbreak at Burrangong, and is em ployed by the sufferers to enquire into their several cases, with the view of negotiating with Government for indemnity. It is under stood that the damages sustained will be made good as soon as they can be equitably assesed. The continued drought is seriously affecting the mining works in most of the localities, and unless there is a fall of rain soon the decrease in the yield of gold will be very considerable. Water at Stony Creek is being sold at from 6s. to 7s. a cask, and the supply is very far short of the demand. The utmost economy has to be studied in the use of this article; even as much as on board ship when the voyage occu pies a more protracted period of time than was anticipated. If this requisite is scarce, the diggers are abundantly supplied with all other necessaries of life, and many of them at a cheaper rate than in any of the provincial towns. With a much less yield of gold here than on any other diggings, either in this co lony or Victoria, the miner can " go-ahead," as his wants are supplied on such reasonable terms. Extensive stores and public-houses are rapidly going up. The recently erected inns of Mr. Quail and Mr. Vicq will be opened on the 1st of April, and Mr. Myers, of the "Cricketers' Arms," North Yass, is also building an inn, which will include a restau rant on a large scale. These, with the addi tions daily being made to the number of shops and wholesale stores, are pretty reliable indi cations that Burrangong is flourishing and promises to be a permanent gold- field. We learn that gold of coarser character and in very remunerative quantities has been discov ered at a place twenty-five miles from the limits of the present diggings by an experi enced miner from the western country. He has shown samples of it to several persons at Burrangong, but declines to mention the lo cality until his return from Sofala, whither he has gone for his family and mates. Some teams have recently arrived on the field from Goulburn by the way of Gunning and War giela (the road which has lately given rise to some discussion, both at Burrowa and at Yass); but the drivers state that it is a very undesirable one to travel over, and that after even a slight shower of rain it becomes so boggy that the wheels of their vehicles sink to a considerable depth in the soil. It is their opinion that it cannot be brought generally into use. Captain Hayward has left for Syd ney. The army " of occupation " is diminish- ing by desertions, but several of those who bolted have been recaptured.-Wednesday's Yass Courier. LIBEL—Charles Isaac Watson, proprietor of the Braidwood News, appeared on summons, to answer the complaint of John Gurney, C. P. S., who charged him with having, on the 23rd day. of March, unlawfully written, printed, and published, a certain false, scan dalous, and defamatory libel concerning the said John Gurney, in the following words :-- "More Corruption.- The following informa tion we have received from an undoubted authority. A person in town made application to Mr. John Gurney, on Wednesday last, for information concerning the repair of the Causeway at the southern end of the town. After a considerable amount of impertinence displayed by that handful of cantankerousness, our informant was told that he should not have the work, for he intended to give the job to Constable Geelan, who done some of the work connected with the bridge opposite Mo riarty's. This requires no comment." Mr. Scarvell appeared for the prosecution, and Mr. Fell for the defence. After listening to a deal of argument pro and con, their Worships adjourned the case till next Thursday for the production of evidence.—Braidwood Dispatch. RACE ADVERTISEMENTs.--In last Saturday's Wagga Wagga Express we notice an advertise ment headed " Wagga Wagga Races, Nov. 1857." After enumerating the names of the stewards and other officers for that year, the following novel method of dunning for pay ment of a long-standing account is adopted: "1857. Sept. 26.--To advertising programme in Bell's Life in Sydney, 7 at 20/., £7. Gentle men--Having repeatedly and vainly applied for the liquidation of the above account ren dered, we feel constrained thus publicly to re quest an immediate settlement of the same. We, are, gentlemen, your obedient servants Pickering and Nichols." The Goulburn Her-~ ald, referring to the above, says, It has been ruled in the Sydney district court, that each individual member of a committee is legally responsible for the full amount of any debts incurred by the body of which he is one, and he must knowv that he is morally so. To evade payment, therefore, is, individually as well as collectively, a gross act, of dis honesty. The parties referred to have no right to complain of their names being published. All usual applications having failed, the pro- prietors of Bell's Life are trying whether their debtors care as little for being found out as they do for transgressing the rules of common honesty. We ourselves shall be compelled to adopt the same course with reference to the office-bearers of the Goulburn, Queanbeyan, and Bungendore races, who seem just as ob tuse as the gentlemen of Wagga Wagga. A SNAKE WITH TWO HEADS.— On Thursday afternoon, as a young man named Cummings was proceeding through the bush towards his residence near Cudgee, a small terrier, by which he was accompanied, suddenly com menced to bark furiously, alternately advanc ing and retreating from a thick clump of grass tree. On approaching the spot, Cummings perceived a snake of a reddish colour, with head, or rather two heads, erect, from the mouth of each of which the tongue was pro truding in a menacing manner. Having, for tunately; a slight switch in his hand, he suc ceeded in despatching the reptile, which mea sured 8 feet 7 inches in length, and he yester day presented it to the Curator of the Museum, where the curious in snakeology can Inspect this singular lusus naturce. —Bell's Life in Sydney. 