ORDINATION SERVICE. IIIAT evening an ordination servios «as bald at Cbippi «lala Chapel, «hen the Bevs. Mesura. White. Nettled Tait, Gibson,-Firth, Horsley, and Clifton were Bet ac for the work of the ministry bj the imposition of han Aa there were so many to be ordained, and aa it is asi tor eaoh candidate to give an aeeonnt of his oonversi io God, and his call to the sacred o Si ce of a minister the Gospel, it waa deemed advisable to divide the sen into two parts. The statement of their call to be mi «t Boarke-atreet, on Monday evening, and the ordii lion service and the President's obsrgs to take place I «vening following, at the Chippendale Chapel. 1 preparatory terrica at Bourke.street commenced bj ítev. S. Rabone, president, giving out the 433rd hymn Give nc« the faith wbioh aaa remove. After this was sang by the congregation. The Baverend (he PRESIDENT, addressing the congre tioD, said, they were all aware of the object for wh «bey were assembled. It was asnal for those who « set apart for the office of the ministry to make a pal statement of their conversion to Cod, and of their < to the mission work. The brethren now before tb were nearly all from England, and had there pasi through the asnal preparatory atsges previously to fae ?fully set apart to the work of the ministry.. The ce -saonyin which they were about to engage would h -been performed at home, bat the. bretni -thought that as these missionaries. wera to lab ia connection with the Australasian Wesleyan Met ?dist Conferenoe, it was thought desirable to leave t . service to be performed in this colony. Having soi 1 these observations, he would call on the Bev. Mr. WHITE : At a vary tender age had been \- atrnoted in divine things. «He could not remember time when the Holy Spirit did not work on bis ni "However, during his early youth he did not fully t his heart to God, being desirous of trying {what enj menta there were in the world. It was not mn til was in his nineteenth year that he was led to say in ferenee te those drawings of divine graoe Hay, nut Iyleia, I jield, loan hold «ot no more, 1 sink bj dying* love compelled ; And own ute 'Conqueror. ."Bot six weeks be now ssnght seriously to be nt wholly a-Christian, when he was enabled to rejoic; Christ as 'his Saviour and Redeemer. After his o version he felt anxious to do what heaoald in the cai of God, and commenced teaching in a Sabbath sobi and distributing tracts. His friends urged bim to something more for the cause of Christ, when be bo| to exhort sinners to turn to God. He became a la preacher, and eventually was indaoed to offer himself the ministry, and being acceptai], be entered the Theo gioal Institution, Bichmond, where he spent two ha) years. He then went on to Bpeak of his present ex xience, and his determination to devote himself wholly the work in whiob he was oolUd to engage. Bev. Mr. NETTLETON: Had been the child of religio parents, and of many prayeri. The Wesleyan Minist * need to stop regularly at bis father's bouse, and be f quently.thought that waa the work ioiwbiohhe sbonld I to be engsged. At the age of -13 years, he gave his be to God ; he, frequently prayed to be made vety holy, a waa determined to give himself wholly to Goo. He a employed in exhorting sinners in his neighbourho and after two years.witboat bis knowledge, his name i set down to be recommended as a candidate for t ministry. He could not resist the call, and offered hi self for tho general work; bat the conference set b down for the Missions. Aocordiogly he went to 1 Biohmond' Institution, and felt grateful for the kir ness and profit he reoeived there. The trial he ex\ rieneed in'leaving parents, brothers, and sisters, to into a foreign land was considerable, but that and tar, more be would gladly endure for the sake of the ear in wbioh ho bsd entered, and to whiob be had who devoted himself. The Rev. W. TAIT! That boar to him was a v< snlemn one. He felt the responsibility of the work wbioh he was to engage. He had not the advantages curly religious training that others spoke of. He h not bad religions parents to ;pray for him and tri him ap for-God. In early youth be lost bia father stroke whiob possibly was strualt in mercy, aa it led those providential circumstances ending, in bis conv «ion 'and his entering the ministry. In his neighboi . hood waa a Wealej an ohapel, ia whiob was kept a Si bath school, whiob he waa led to attend. There became convinoed of his Btate by nature. From it returned on one particular evening to his closet to pri having with him his bible, hymnbook, and Jame . " Anxious Inquirer." That was to him an eventful BI son. Io a few weeks after he was enabled to oast bi self wholly ppon the atonement .or Christ. t Havi obtained-meroy-himself, he earnestly sought the ec > version of others, especially his mother and sister. Afi labouring in the 'Sabbath school as e teacher, abd e hortins sinners to turn to God in his neighbourhood, : was nrged to offer himself for the work of the rainisti , He did so. And -when asked the-qnastlon, " For wh department of the work do you offer yourself?" 1 replied, ".The world is my parish ; I should like to | and preach the .Gospel in Fiji." He was aooepted, ai not to the Western branoh of the Theological Instit lion. . It waa bis desire to be wholly devoted to God : beast and Ufa. At thia stage of the meeting, the FBBSJEENT gave o . the 300th hymn, " What am I, O thou glorious God and the Bev. W; J. DAVIS engage! in prayer. . Bo v.-Mr. GIBSON was then oalled cn s He bad dnrii that day been led to look baok to the time of his yoat \- One ..parent was early taken to ber glormi reward in heaven. The other, his dear fathe ..ited early dedicated bim to the service of God, and . wi , xtrtw praying for him. 'At the age of sixteen he wi , atBoted; .shortly after that he was led to reflect on h . ruined state by nature. He felt that, bad he died, 1 » must have been lost. On his recovery, he was invite by a minister to meet in «lass. At this first meeting 1 ife.it surprised to find that .its members were, all Bpeakii .. of tha happiness they enjoyed, while be felt truly mise ..able. They seemed to enjoy peaoe, but his unhappiest .rlnereased, and in that state remained for three month -.wfapn one day, while meditating on hts condition, h /-narai: led to refleot on the words -> ..And all bia wound« to sinners cry, i l anOarad thia Xor <jon. |*At that moment he was enabled to love God, and to be Sieve in tha tord Jesus who died for him. Since tbi {tim» he never lost the witness of the Spirit that be .wa -¡ti child of God. «Se was never more devoted to Him that She« waa now. Ho .waa so happy in God that ha wa8.coE «atroinad to ssy . If. «IItba world ray Saviour knew. Than alt the world would loy* him too. Aftar fri« conversion, hebeoame a Sunday-school teaohet and- witsiled on ta preach the Gospel in a local capacity Jtfarnj «Jonveraiona had taken place by means of thosi efforts. .-He trusted ha should ever be found working for GVod. and the good of bis fellow-men. Bev. -Mr. FIBTXJ. : He had been brought np in thi Cbayeh aof England,-and, like some -who preoeded bim did not iramember Ibe time when .the Spirit did no strive with him, but, Iiis the Pharisee, he then trus'ed it good waria. In bis youth,be removedito a locality when he {onad himself in the neighbourhood of a Methodiel Chapel. Be was induced to meet in class there, wbioh proved of. great benefit to bim. With another young friend, hs -united in seeking peace for bis troubled soul, His conversion was somewhat remarkable. Being one day alone, deeply engaged in prayer, he saw, as if visibly before bim, his crucified Redeemer, hanging on ' the eros«, when these .words came so powerfully- to bis mind, that he thought they must have been audibly ex. pressed by same one in the room, bad he not looked to .eeo if any person were in ii :-" Believe on the Lord Jesus, and thoa shalt be saved." His immediate replj aras, "Lord, I believe,help thoa mine unbelief." After «his, he became a loeal preacher; sod while in that oapacity. one day in 1630, 'hese words were impressed on isis mind:-"Thou art a.«besen vessel unto me, to .end tbee far benoe unto the.Gentile*." He jrrjoiced th >taae was .now so far on his way to declare the Re- deemer's glory among th* heathen. He had earnestly sought full saualiflaatiaa, and to be cleansed frost ali ain. He rejoiced that already he had been instrumental in Uteeonversion of many. The Ber. Mr. HOBSLEX said that in his early youth, facing a very headstrong lad, he left Ms heme, bat was followed by the letters and prayers of pions parents. At length, through the entreaty of a pions minister, he waa indued to meet in doss. The very first time he met he was Strock with conviction. For abont-three months he' oontinaed to attend it, when he was tempted one Sab- bath to absent himself from the Sanday school, which he had joined .at the same time. Having .gone into the -orchard, he was in theaat of reaching ou: his hand to take an apple, it .«ame powerfully to his mind that he waa sinning against God ; he drew back his hand, and went into the house a burdened sinner. He then re- lated how, in a remarkable. manner, he «as detained at a prayer . meeting, when he was induced to resolve to forsake ein, arid give himself up to live for God. At that meeting- his. conversion; took place. He was after that time' io VEry happy, ¿nd .the' way of salvation' so-plain to him, that fae thought like maDy other young converts' he had nothing to do bot to tell the people pf the levé of God, and. they would «t ónoe .embrace i'. Af that timé ' he engaged with another young math to nute ir? privater prayer and mutual counsel. ' They'often prajed-with, and for norh ,cher. ' ' He looked irock- bn> those ' warona with emotions of pleasure and gratitude.; While an ajprentiee, hiB master removed te london. I He bid bearii much of'the vic*'of that citj, BO trembled at the idee bf being «poned to the trials temptations of so large a etty. He waa, however, served^ It waa seven years since bia conversion, still be held feat the beginning of bia confidence, many weam, be felt inclined to engugein tbe missio work. * To be foll» qmlifled for it, he both laboured prayed. ' Africa-fir-i bad bis thought*. He [bad b of plaoes there where those ptr»ena afflicted with 1er were separated from, fooiety. He Osirrd to make ku to them a crucified Redeemer. His thoughts wer rested to 'Fjji by the latiera of the Rev. Mr. «Waterb aird the' stirring appeola of their leader, the Rev. Calvert. Be rejoiced to be so f * on bis journey to 'hand, where hs tm.ted to be able to -proclaim Saviour's love. j ? Rev. Mr. runT felt it to be a solemn time, with thees who bad preceded trim, could -say'he did remember the time when the -spirit did not. strive him. At the age of 17 be was led to seek the L rd i earnestly, being convinced that without -Christ he ! lost; and in looking to him and him crucified, ht the saving efficacy of his blood, and was brought tbe glorious liberty of the children of-God. Wb child, he often indulged in thoughts of preae Christ, but it waa not notil after bis conversion these thoughts ripened into a conviction. Aft.r t time he was employed as « looal preacher, and wi length urged by tba Superintendent, the Rev. Mr. 1 to oner himself for the ministry in the mission v He was so fully convincod of hie instrSQciency the deoiioed. Still he was vrged, 'but be enuld not t himself to conseot, until «ne day thia impression made on his mind-"Woe is me if-I preach nol 'Gospel." It was then he was led to yield, and be came a candidate for tbe work: Be found obst in bis way, but they bad been removed, 'bo felt grateful to those by whose efforts they had taken ont of the way. At length he was accepted, th» rejoioed to go forth into the glorious work of preae Christ to the famishing heathen. He (as did eat 'tbe other candidates) expressed bis consciousness o haooeptanoe with God at that moment, and entreatec .people to pray for them. I 'The Rev. JAMES CATVEBT, under whose super vi I these young ministers are going out, addressed the l.gregation very briefly, to thé effect, that as they w be exposed to perils and dangera from cruel men, j'Bought the earnest prayers of tho whole Church. I ' The Rev. W. J. DAVIS, at tbe request of tbe Fi Indent, made goree remarks to the same effect, alec treating the pr») e's of God's people, and to remer I them at a throne of grace. j -Thc 448 th hymn having been sung, the Rev. S. Iron I «ngag*d ia prayer. j The congregation then dispersed to assemble at C j pendele on the following (last) evening, to proceed . j the ordination service, whioh commenced by the Pi j dent giving out the 744th hymn, I The BavlourwhentO'heavaDberoae. j After tbe Revs. G. Hurst and S, Ironside had eogi lin prayer, the Rev. John Eggleston, general aecretai I the ' missions, osma forward to present those ya I ministers for ordination by tba impoaition of hands, I atrving tbat six of them were from England, foui whom had been to the Theological 'Institution, and I other two would gladly have gone there, but the n j that existed for them in the mission-field at the prei I time was so pressing that it wes 'thought advitabl I dixpense with it in their oaBe.' The other,-Mr. Clif I was well known and esteemed by many of them. ' I President, on their being presented, observed, tbe i I vious eveniog.atBourke-atreet, those yoong bretbrenl I as ws8 usual previously to being set apart for the office oí I ministry, given an account of tbeir conversion, and tl I call to the work of whian they were now to be ordaii lilt was to them all a solemn season, and on no oi I »ion did he find it more profitable and interesting j these colonies, than on that evening. . i I \ -The service was then read by the President, the ne I questions having been put to each and answered se Irately, the oongregation engaged for some minutes I silent prayer. After which the ceremony of laying j of banda,was proceeded with, the Rev, Messre.Eggle« J Ironside, - Hurst, < a'.vert, and Davis taking port, wi I the F/esidi nt, addressing each, said, " Mayest thou I oeive the Holy Ghost for the offioe and -work of I Christian ? ministry and pastor,.now committed to tl I by the imposition of onr bands; and be' thou a faitb I dispenser, of the Word of God and the Saoramente, i the name of tba Father, tba Son, and the Holy-Gho ! Then giving to eaoh a Bible, be addressed them I " Take thou authority to preach the Word, and to adi 11 ulster the- Saoraments in the congregation." The sacrament of the Lord's Supper was Iban admit . I tared to the newly ordained ministers, and the ot ministers taking part in the eervfoe. Having song 047th hymn, the present President delivered the.ohai I of wbioh the following is but an outline :-The pres I was to them a .deeply important occasion. They sti I now io a new relation. The pastoral knot had now bi I tied. They were separated from the world to .engage I tbe work of the.Christian mioistry. This bad not bc I done before. It was now settled. He rejoiced to ko that there was evidence of tbeir fitness for the wor I and proof that they were called of God, as waa Aan I And now, on behalf of tbe Methodist Church, be gave I them the right band of fellowship, and recognised thi I as ministers of the Gospel. In the advice be was abc to give them be would reoommmend them to seek have the grace of God richly imparted to them. It « a ! common opinion that the office and work of minister led them naturally to enjoy it. There ne\ I waa a greater fallacy.. Tba work waa one of trial rath than of aupport. It exposed the man to great I danger, and no man needed more to guard against gro I ing cold in bia religious experience. It was a positt I of danger, which demanded tba greatest vigilance. I exhorted, them to labour, so that they might not ba to say " They made me keeper of my brethren's vin I yard, but mine own vineyard have I not kepi I He would have them take.for their example, that mod I missionary St. Paul, who although he bad thousands I different things to oooupy bis attention, said " This ot I thing I do-that I may press forward toward tba mai I for tbe prize," deo. In the second place, he would remit I them of tbeir VOWB made that night. The vow of Gc j was upon them. This they Bhould never forget. Tb« I were separate d and oonseorated to the work of God, i I the work of the Lord Jesus. . Now, they were sent fort I by the Church, they were relieved to a great extent 'roi I worldly o ire. The Church bad charged itself with the: I wants, and the Church of G id demanded from them a I the service they could perform ; the strength of the: I body and mind waa to be spent in' the work to wbic I they were set apart. They were not to renard thea J selves ss engaged in it by tbe day, the boar, cr tbe yeai Their lives should be consecrated wholly to it. All tbei [ powers, bodily, physically, sod mentally were to be spec lia this great work. In the third plaae, be would say their waa a spiritual work ; as such it demanded of them t I be i spiritually-minded.' Literary men were sought fo I literary work; for any professional work a profeasiona I mao was required. So were they to be spiritual men ¿They were ambassadors for .Christ. They were to labou I amoog men wbo ware guilty, depraved, corrupt I but they were to lead them to Christ tha I they might be oleansed in his atoning blood I In that field they might be called on to work, "theil j bands might have to minister to their necessities, bu j this would not unfit them for tbeir other duties, oi j lesson their usefulness ; whatever they found rieedfa I should be done. Tbe work in which they were engaged I was a glorious enterprise, it waa in connection with thal grand effort to evangelise the world, to bring about the I glorious event of which they often thought when Chris! I should have all his enemies put under bis feet. These were large things to expeot, but they were snob ss the promises lsd them to look for. Deep and enlarged sympathies for a lost fallen man, were the best things for making diligent workers in the vienyard of their Lord. He would remind them that they were to regard .themselves as not isolated from their brethren in that distant land ; they were one wilb thr ra, and they had all their support, their sympathies, and prayers. Tbeir state might be one of trial ; tbe difficulty of learning a new language might distress them, and they might think tba time spent in acquiring it lost. He assured them it wes not so. It was a needful preparatory stage which would be found useful in after [ years. He trusted they would at last bear tbeir great master say to each-" Well done, good and faithful ser- vant, enter thou into the joy of thy Lord." After singing and prayer, in wbioh the Revs. Messrs. Davis and Calvert engaged, the President pronounced .the benediction. A large sod respectable assemblage of tbe members of the Wesleyan Church, in the Sydney South Circuit, met at the Weslsyan Chapel, Bishopsgate, Glebe, on Monday evening, at 7 o'clock, for the purpose of taking a farewell cup of tea with tbeir late superintendent, tbe I Rev. Joseph Or am, previous tt bis departure for the East Maitland Ctrouit. After tea, which was of a most supprfor character, reflecting great credit on tb« caterers for the feast, tbetables Vere removed, and A.'M'Arihur, j Esa, M.L.C., voted by acclammatlon' to the chair. The chairman, having introdUSed to-the-meeting the pur. posé for which they were assembled together-viz., to laka demvëOofitbdrîxespectBd^Iate superintendent,' pre. ^¡oua;to bia: departure: for anptbe* apbëro'of labour T>aid a just tribute of esteem to the reverend gentleman, rfor (he assiduous, zealous,'godly, rod successlnl manner in" which he bad cobduoted the various interests of tha Circuit daring his three years' ministry I and assured the zereiesd gentleman that wherever it apjgtit nieass tne Disposer of all éventa to-east bia fthe revire*di gentleman's) lot.-be -would carry with bim th« a ff "ci ti -nate wtshe» of the members of the Weslejai. Church ia the Sjdnej "South Cireait: Mr. Baseby, Junior ' then in ' ria te sod feeling speech, referred to-the great temporal a- d. spiritual suoceas which had attended therrov. gentlemar.V ministry in the circuit, assuring him of the v>>rj great1 respect and esteem entertained by the people of all p«rtn of the circuit for tbe rev. gt ntleman and his family; aw. oonohtded by presenting tba rev. gentleman with a pure»! containing forty sovereigns, as a substantial proof of theil, regard. The rev. gentleman, who spoke -with great emotion,-: and seemed almost overpowered by tbe great and gene-' ral résped evinced -by the meeting, returned thank», .searing them that in all bia ministrations am on RSI 'them be had sought not theirs,- bat' them« that he had a single eye 'to the glory ui God and tbe salvation - of immortal' souls, and that wherever fae might be plaoed by the ra! .of duty, that the Sydney SouthCirmit would always occupy, as it did now, a high place is bia ' affections - He then exhorted them to live peaceably and united; one with another, lo rally round the new and worthy super- intendent; snd, as a «burch and people, to carry, the love and grace of God and of oar Lord Jesus Ghrist'into -every boase and every beart. The meeting, wbioh was subsequently addressed-bj tMessrs. G. W. Allen, Popplewell, and Howitt, broke up about 10 o'clock. 