DELUSIONS AND FOLLIES. | Í iioTune on thia suVj^ot was delivered yesterday, (taning, before St. Benedict's Catbolfo Yoong Men's Society, in their Hall, Abororombie.slreet, by Mr. Tames Birt, M.P. Long before the hour mentioned for the | eommeneement of the lecture, the ball «as filled at «ll, ?point«. The Rev. M. á. Cosían, who oooapied the chair, intro doged tba leolurer. Mr, HABT, after some prefatory remarks, referred to | (tia aberration of' the human mind, as exemplified by | ?great popular delusions : in various ages of toe world, There was therm mis, appertaining to supernatural I «enta; domonolatua, appertaining to sorcery; and ¿(monomanía, arising from the fear of oommuoioatlon [ .with evil spirits ;'' lyoanthropy, ' syncopby md other forms of mental delusion . wara next mentioned. After wbioh the lecturer spoke of the pnotioe of magic, as followed in rbe East, It waa pre- tended to be a peculiar and inborn gift of the haman uni. Tho tbeoties built upon this dootrlno had led to I tbs wildest errors. Soporific drugs were tbe agenta used J br tbs professors of this blaok ort. Twenty thousand priests, noblemen, and gontlowomen, Buffered death daring the French Revolution, end upwards of a million lithe common people. What oould equal the fanaticism -cl liter times in England? The art of alcbymy had Hilted for upwards of 1000 years. Some olalmed for it i mach greator antiquity.. The art of making gold aided Bboitlr after the Christian era.- The objent of ttl philosophers' stone was to transmute the baser s>li!s into gold. It was not till the 16th or lOtu cen» I17 that the exorbitant claims of alohyroy wore publlo'y united. It vos said that Cornelius Agrippa oould ooo mt base metals into gold, rateo tho dead, and perform ether prodigies. One of thia magician's pupila was j alleged to have been strangled by the devil, and rrsuvci toed. Some impostora used a double-bottomed (maible, an i by (hat means pretended to maka gold. Others need a hollow wand, in which gold was secreted. Others made bolos in lead, filled them with gold, and Iben the load was melted, the gold, of conrap, desoended lethe bottom of tbe oiuoible. Count St. Germain, a 1 aiiloian, bad a servant to whom bo used to refer for .tortoboration. Oo ono oooBsion, on referring to Mm In rtgud to a conversation with Richard the First in Pales- tine, tho servant replied that be had been in St. Ger- win »«eivieo ooly BOO yearB. - " Ob," said St. Germain, 1 'Itooiurrod shortly before your time." The lontur'r gave 1 ?oooInteresting aneodo!e« about Cagliostroand his wife Tba mignelisers appeared in Europe in tho 17.h ooo. tory. They professed to havo the power of curing alidia «wi, uiing for this purpoao certain magnetiaing ijtnelsa, In 1774. Mesraor Rave to the world his system el animal magnetism. Speaking of demonology or { .mon worship, tho leolurer said it had prevailed -in \ "tient time e. Johannos Swims, some throe centuries , ige, «rota an interesting book on this aubjeot, giving «me prcolao but humourous dutailB about tho dominions ? el hil SataMo M'jeaty. Tho popular opinion as to tiaputonncl of Satan was doacribed by the lecturer; bildet Satan, the air wai supposed to teem with evil ?pirie. Occasionally tho demonR mot at the junatlon of | loir crois roads, where they dano«d, sang, and reoountcd IWr diibolioal achievements. Mental opidemios were floinlly prooeded by pextilonao or famine. The blaok ifitb of tho 14th oontury Bwept (.ff 35 millions of the ?liliibilanls of Europe : thin was nnaumml to bo tha re- mit of diabolical agency. Kvnn Sir Mathew H.lo had «Wed bis namo by puninhlng two old womon for witob ciitl, Tuoexamition of Joau of Aro was a moBt striking loilines of tho popular delusion with regard to witoh Rill. Sho polished ot the stake, but after ber death her ?titence was revoked. Tho means of discovering tho juill of tho accused were or toals of fire and water. Iifeeot persons frequently mado confessions of guilt. 1 toong persons sometimes oonfeBsod tbat they bad been titlimorpbcsed into wolves and other forooious «'«Ir. Tho 10th and I7lh oonturiea were the Wen egos of impostoro. Astrology «nd necromancy .«»in Rtojtroputo in thoie timos. With respeot to «Mrominor, lt was nufílolent to say that it was ohiefly «ted to extort money from tho credulous. Tho samo «'«ht bo Bald of divinotion. SpoBlilng of dreams, tho «rater sella belief in them bad provallod from the '«lest period. No faith could, or ought to bo plaood "Ibero. Akin to dreams woroomens- Boroo bolog good, KHIBTII. Tho iofluenco of" this stiporntilian was most "moralising and doatruolivo. Mothor Shipton'a Dream "Jok, and tho Norwood Oipsoy, wore two books oom mooly in mo amongst n oorlain doss of unednoated fttion». In tho 10th century, a popular delusion in M°n<uionoo of a fnlso propheoy that tho end of tho world fVV'i ."nd, onuiod 0 whole army of pilgrims to pro 'oJermalotn. Tbotn people woro in hourly lear «11» cjtostropho they nntlnipntod. Montai delusions, ! liiU noc"l>n 1110 »Ppoaranon of ghosts and spirit*, ?" been oommon-under thia influença fanaticism and ; 'Pi lu»l transporta bad fl .nrlahnd. Tho doinon of TiJ > û Tdlho Cool« Lnno Ghost worn ntxt monlinnod, I fût'i I?*1 BP''',ual manifofltnllonH oamo under notice. Win tho Unltoil Stntoa oould o proper understanding ' fcif in »aforonoe to this Inlier delusion. Munlonl "'iroments woro said to play of thomsolvos, nnd tables ; "J other arlloloa of furnilmo to movo nbotit. l'rofetn >r f'tiJiy maintained ^thot tabio turning resulted from JunlsrymUBOiilsr aotlon. Somnambulism and soonnd liabt bil puonomcnnn or a UKO OIBHS. inn tai! ,i bl° boUle' ,l10 R"n ar P'"'"1 ,,lok' lil l t lr'olt 'of """"B ? Pco11 of pnppr "mg« formed tho lubjoot of somo humourous obser After alluding 10 tho delusions and fallacies of In. i'iMinl ,,,B' 11)0 Irotnrer concluded with somo in ""Wog and appropriate general remarks, ' 7On th» raoilon of Mr, Çosnoxai,.a,vptetof tbaol»» waa asoorded to tb'e leotarer. , " TV ,' ', ' ' . s After an announcement'from the ohalr that the nsxt lecture would be delivered by Sir Charlea Nicholson, and that Sir John Yoong would oooupy the obafr, the meet. lng dispersed. , ', "'. . 