WHERE IS THE CAPITAL OF ITALY TO BE? THE Times Correspondent writes on this subject, as follows :- Monday, October 1. The almost unanimous assertions of the Parisian Fresa and correspondence, and the readiness with which. Italians, like other men, give ear to suggestions which happen to chime in with the wishes of their own hearts, have engendered a belief in this country- that the Pope is really, and presently going to abandon Rome. This, as you know, is one of those events which I can only bring myself to admit as possible when positive facts bring conviction to my mind. To see is to believe. The French are swelling their ranka in the Eternal City. McMahon is being sent to do duty at the Vatican with hie Irish sword of honour at his side, and the Pope de- clares himself ready for a dive in the Catacombs. It may be that he is packing his apostolical port- manteau on the sly all this tune, but, for my own part, I repeat, to see is to believe. It is important, in the meanwhile, to listen to the speculations of the Italian people on the possible ton sequences of tl»e Pope's flitting from the Vatican. Is Garibaldi's scheme so,near its maturity? Is the Crown to be laid on Victor Emmanuel's brow on the top of the Quiiinal? Are the representatives of the Italian nation to meet in the halls of the Capitol, and is the metropolis of Catholic Christendom to become the seat of Government of the united Peninsula ? '. This is the mighty'question : Given, a free and in- dependent Italy ; which is to be the capital ? It is a question, I must observe, which is met by a variety of answers as you travel from town to town ia Italy,, as you proceed from clime to clime.;'In the south and in the centre there seems to be no two opinions on the . subject.' South 1 of the 'Apen- nines Ute race is Greco-Latin; the ruling nations are classical ; **/?oi».o caput mundi;" Italy must needs gravitate towards Borne, as the earth to: it's centre. In the great valley of North Italy the Celto Teutonio stock has struck'deep robt; men's brains are cast into a more practical mould. In Lombardy and the .¿Emilia politicians may be beating abbat for a new residence :'. in Piedmont, hardly .a marl dreams of the necessity or expedieacy of a change.- " ' Let no foreign reader imagine that tbs question of fsJwejgoogUa^ay lead to civil i ps^WMtsleo^. For the prcsent\ -, IBI ' tnere^mcSUtic/n. Thc question ia ». -v BB for péjafaliairnation, but it will bc settles" BBB ; discusainri, or determined by the natural^ v B_HJ event«.^Rome/is not central in Italy ; it wi KaVJ . when Italy ended at the Rubicon, or when her. ^ttpj cxtendcd-'OVer three parts of the globe. Nv' B^BJ »re London or Paris ny any means placed in> .i7«Hfl middle of the States which obey their sway. Rome BJ ltas.greatjmd glorious traditions, .but the Italiana H aie rçqw building'" _ av newt. " Italy. ' There H is nothing-in the rubbish, of antiquityvtliatciijijbeBl turned to Any .practical use in the modern structure. . Who would think of wedding »-young bride to the BJ i carcass bf an old mummy ? Rome is not dead,,'but BJ she is something worse ; she is slowly, eternally dying! The' convent of St. Paul, outside the walls has become uninhabitable in the course of the few years that have witnessed the glorious restoration of the Basilica. The nunnery of the Aventine is forsaken by its devoted inmates. The Borghese, Doria Pam Phili and Torioni date not spend even a winter night in their gorgeous suburban palaces., The Casino on the Princio is a pest-house, and life is, only safe in Rome, where people inhale the stench from the filthy Ghetto, or of the horrid,purlicus of the old Orsini Palace of the Case de Cenci. A swarm of monks and beggars keep soul and body together by huddling en masse the thronged, Rioni; Whereveryou breathe fresh air you drink in death. A capital implies the presence of a people and where is the Roman population when the Pope is gone, and with him his monks and his beggars? But if there be no people in Rome, it is answered, a people may be conveyed there. Homulus opened a asylum in Rome, and a gang of thieves grew up into a city of four millions. A million of young Italians, must be made to invade Rome, and the Comarca war must be waged against the malaria of the Campagna and the sloth of its effete, incorrigible, aristocratic proprietors. Drainage and good, hus- bandly will revive the prosperity and populousness of ancient Latium. Possibly ; but unimpassioned, scientific men, after mature examination, have declared the scheme to be physically impracticable, At any rate, it is a gigantic task that Young Italy is taking upon herself. It is a war with nature that she has equally to wage in all the. Tuscan and Romagnese lowlands, in the plains of Salerno, in Apulia, in Calabria, all along the coast of the mainland and the islands. Two-thirds of the country must be redeemed from malaria ; and are all the energies of the emancipated country wholly to be turned, to the reconstruction of a city, to the reversion of a sentence by which Rome, like other sublunar things, was doomed lu Wa a beginning and Rome may be the Cracow or the Moscow. of Italy, a superannuated town set apart for coronations and ther great periodical national solemnities ; but it seems to many an unfit place for the permanent abode of the actual Government. Where else, then, is Government to reside? Florence is a central and charming spot; Naples : is a very paradise upon earth. it has a seaport, a safe bay, half-a-million of people, but the Floren- tines are an enervate, the Neapolitans a corrupt people. The strength of the nation lies north of the Apennines. North of the Apennines wc have Milan, a Urge town, capable of great, expansion ; but the Milanese are noisy and riotous, and the town is within two days' march from the Austrian advanced postal Fiaeenza is strong and central, but it is gloomy and dreary; it is a ghost city, like Ferrara, Ravenna, ( and so many of the cities of the plain. Specia might have a great future before it ; it might be the seat of a great naval and commercial establishment ; rail- . way communication with Parma, Genoa, and " Pisa might give it an unequalled central importance ; but it is still a capital to build ; and Italy has six or seven already thriving capitals to choose among. Then; why not Turin ? Turin has her house-roofs overlooked; by; the French videttes on Mont Cenis it has a commonplace, stiff,provincial, monotonous look, , an irksome, sloppy, chilly, foggy climate, no navigable river ; it ia boxed in between the Alps and the Moritferrat hills ; it is by no means central; it nhas a limited territory ; it boasts no wealthy nobility, no great landowners; it seems to admit of no increase proportionate to the capital of a kingdom of 22,000,009 souls ;' it has no very glorious traditions of the past; it is graced by no superb or even quaint '-ancient "br; even simply; old monuments; not a cathedral like Milan; not a tower like decayed Cremona; not a palace like musty Modena-nothing. I love it dearly for the site is grand, and the chain of the Alps en- circles it Uke a Queen's diadem ; it opens to the green country on all sides, and a little exertion on the part of the municipal authorities, would make it the freshest and healthiest aggregate of men. I'love It dearly," but r only»'. » -*»w. ,It»Uana. jlove.j it ; to most of them it is the dullest of human:, abodes-a town just good enough fdr the Piedmon- 1 tese. As to Transalpine visitors, no one who can help it ever endures it for more than three days. Straight lines of streets, huge blocks of buildings at right angles, un- Italian sameness and,symmetry, a Dutch toy city drawn by the Procrustean rule and compass of narrow-minded'absolutism,- 'it 'is as' unfit for the'abode of an emancipated people as^ a' cellular i penitentiary would be¡ unmeet for. the aittfafc of a : free Parliament'. ;i '..'., Yet it would be, no doubt, perfectly idle to reckon on the gratitude of a people, especially if that people consist of countrymen and brethren. But. the Pied- i móntese had a nussion ;in Italy which is only as yet half ác'cómplisheVL . It is their spirit of order, their steadiness,.their, loyalty, their constancy and endur- ance, all' their sterling '"virtues, their ' very passive, qualities, which;, have brought Italy to her, present crisis.. So Ung M the country continues to be in thia- state of . tradition'- and probation, it seems to many to be matter of supreme necessity that the seat of Government should be laid among' a .people who have, given such signal guarantees to Europe bf their" fitness to reconcile order w ith freedom. ¡There is onlya riotous mob in Milan ; there ia à noisy, half-naked rabble in Naples ; i there ; is a swann of monks'and beggars m Home. in. lorin alone there ia. a Jpiople-a highly disciplined, self respecting, weU4>ffiayed, docile, dutiful;'rational, brave, . loyal, -!"orderly people. There is! not a village in ' Europe, however obscure and solitary, where ' the deliberations of a Parliament ?wonia have less -to apprehend from popular disturbance Ivijm^at Turin. There is not a large and stormy oapital-whejo «nv abuse of pôwer.wôuïd meet with a more, brm and doggeo, tuuugn clim and lawful, resistahce'than'it would ii'Turin/ ' Itin Turin alone that iii .1848-9 the sound instinct of the multitude withstood, ¡the tide of that .raving > demo, cracy which overwhelmed all Italy, and brought even Genoa on the brink of ruin. It was in Turin, in 1858, that thé'respectful'but unflinching etdtuqe ¡of tb* people prevented the posiib'dity of a colusión, between théTárhaméñt 'and the King, or rather the King'a 1 mischievous private advisers. Bo long as freedom is so tender a plant as'it ia in Italy,' ;this Alpine dimite is best calculated tb screen it ftpm the scorching heat of Italian political passions. , Unlesa.Bome by, the prestige of us name bewilders fha fancy of some of the unthinking Italians, it ÍB still thought; improbable, as it is indeed undesirable, that the question of ,a re- moval of the capital from Turin may be for many j eers seriously mooted in Italy. '' '...>.'?' A very characteristic anecdote ia told °f poor ol« Robert Owen, of man.the.creatu«e-of-chcum'stauoa memory. Wilberforce,' on being urged to bring bi plan for remodelling society before Parliament; replie* that it waa too late in the session. O wen exclaimed "What, air ! put "rf the bappineaa of mankind til another eeeaion o'Parliament ?" THE beech tree ia said to bè a non-conductor o lightning^ tío 'notorious is the'factjthat theindians whenever the'sky wears the appearance of a thunder storm, ¿eave their pursuits and take refuge under th n earest beech' tree. In Tennessee, people consider' i a complete protection. Dr! Beeton,: in a letter to Dr Mitchell, states that the beech tree is never knowi to be struck by atmospheric electricity, while otite trees are often shattered into splinters. May not i knowledge of this afford protection to many whei exposed?' . (Jumocs ANALYSIS.-We find in one of our Frene! exchanges, published in California, the following analysis pf the human system, considered in relatioi to' thé'"principal. countries :-" An Englishman ' i composed of mutton and water; an Irishman, o potatoes and water; a Scotchman, of water gruel ; i Frenchman; of omelet, frog», and water ; and a Ger men; of cheese, sour króut and water." The authoi of thia analysis, says our contemporary, "is at American, aud does not; either from pride or modesty mention his own nationality ; but, having been called to analyse him, we ascertained, with surprise, that lie consisted of beet, tobacco-juice, and water." :?' . A. SON SHOT BY HIS FATRBB.-Mr. Henry, a cele- brated gunmáíer, of Edinburgh/ and who is said tt be a first-rate shot, was regulating the si¿ht of a rifle by fiting at a target, when his young son, Who' wi) scoring the results, started up from a hollow' part . 0, the ground, in front of the target, just as'ne Jiac »gain presented,-and,- before the poor father-wai aware, bis son- ws's'Shotthrough the head, death beiaf ' instantaneous. 