PLAIN SPEAKING. A writer in the 'Sunday Times, of 31st March last, tinder the signature of " Warder," addresses the Iley. Charles Spurgeon in the following terms: "I frequently meet with people who profess to lie amazed at your popularity. Why should they? You work hard. You have unlimited supply of tongue always at command. . You never puzzle the brains of your hearers. Your sermons are well spiced: You are 'flippant, familiar, and, in a certain fashion, jocose. You are intolerant, dogmatic, and common-place. You revel in judgments. You are precise in all the details of perdition. You have sealed the heights, of Heaven. . You have fathomed the depths of Hell. You talk with Satan as a man talks with his friend. You talk with the Almighty as no man talks with his friend. You are the munificent patron of the Redeemer. You are the merry playmate of the Holy Ghost. You are a wholesale and retail dealer in that famous and much-sought after article- damnation. Your pulpit is a big brimstone warehouse.' You are one of the Clowns of the Church, addressing immortal SOIL'S in a "Here we are" sort of style. ; " Illustrious Cadger! I almost adore you. The facility with which you convert brass into tin is something to be admired in this age of money hunting. You bring Omnipotence itself into your shop;"and set it up behind the counter as chief salesman. You beg and pray in the same holy name:-the same unholy spirit. You sell your blessings as the priests of another sect used to sell their indigencies. You are the cheap-jack of the religious world; and:you :drive a roaring . trade. ' So many Divine grains for so much! A dose of damnation and a pun for so much. Here you have a poke in the ribs of the Ineffable for so much. What shall be the nest article, gentlemen ? I will dance a heavenly hornpipe for so much! Jigs of grace are going nt so much i Here is a pair of evangelical stilts-they are £oing at so much I The irresistible burlesque of redemption is now ' offered-who bids ? The devices of the devil de nounced for so much! Babylon exposed in a screech of bigotry for the smallest possible consi deration ! The doctrines of . Salvation discounted at so much per cent. 1 Dishonoured bills of con science, bought in .to any amount! A ca sa against any man's soul granted on the lowest pos sible terms ! Sacred sneers by the dozen ! Jibes of spiritual joy by the gross! Pay up stiff and prompt and I will pray for you! Pay not up, and I will curse you! ' Whoso giveth unto Spurgeon leudeth unto the Lord: whoso giveth not unto Spurgeon shall be given over unto the wicked one. ' Gentlemen, the chapel is paid for, and now it be- i longs to my friend Jesus.' Such, sir, is your I boast one night. The.'next, you blow up your guests because the collection is a small one. Your congratulations are in God's name: so are your censures. You . are like an Irish beggar in this respect. Give; and no benediction can be too gracious:--deny; and no denunciation can be too withering I If you receive a donation, the promises of Heaven /fall from your lips. If you So not, you find the threats of Hades just as easy ! " '!"??? ' Tun VicToniAV,'ASSOCIATION is' no failure-at least financially shaking. , A large amount has been subscribed-so large, indeed, that we arc afraid to mention/the exact figures. Suffice it to say that there is Already in hand funds enough to allow of-a few Mildreds being spent in contesting every seat in jlie Legislative Assembly. It is wonilerful how Jiberal some people are when it is their interest to be so. Men who have never been known to give a sixpence to a charitable institu tion, have given their hundreds to the Victorian I Association. /It is worth noting, also, as a singular coincidence, that our Collins-street contemporary,' just at the'irioment when the funds of the Asso ciation had; arrived at .such a pitch of prosperity, should recommend candidates to " make common cause, and resolutely refuse to spend a single shilling!" See article in yesterday's paper. Affe- . ;.v A SAINT" and WHOLESALE Murdeiuju.--An extraordinary' case is being' investigated by the criminal authorities of Milan. *^-<Uhe.fblk>5vipg. are, the facts, so far as they , have yet been elicited:-: Antonio Boggio,. a builder's foreman, who has j attained the age of sixty-six, had long enjoyed the ' reputation of a saint. His displays of piety were ; always most touching, and altogether he had been i regarded as a model man, against whose immacu- i late purity it would have been worse than'madness I to raise the faintest shadow of suspicion. "Good j Saint Antony" became, in process of time; the] depository of all the pecuniary savings of his j friends, many of whom disappeared one after the i other in rather a singular manner; but these cir- ! cumstances always admitted of some plausible i explanation, and . Boggio's worldly position and j general reputation were ever on the increase. I Among those who liad committed the care of their, temporal concerns'into the hands of so unexcep tionable a trustee , wasT an .aged woman named Maria Derraschi, of whom nothing was known, except that she was the possessor of a fortune somewhat considerable for her station in life, and that she had an. only son, who had "gone with Garibaldi." One day-.the news arrived that this son had fallen in a skirmish between the volun teers and the Austrian troops in the neighborhood of Como. ...This intelligence was speedily followed by the d isappearance of the mother, who, it was stated, in answer to air inquiries after her, had gone to end her days near the spot where her sole "remnant of earthly joys had been ravished from her 'by the cruel hands of destiny. In pursuance of a duly certified power of attorney, Boggio efFectcd a sale of all the pro perty belonging to. the old woman, and had, it is believed, taken measures to leave the country, when, in an evil hour, the Garibaldian, supposed to be dead, made an unexpected reappearance on the scene. After a fruitless search in. the alleged place of retreat chosen by his mother, the son ap plied to the police, Boggio ..was arrested oil sus picion, and the body of the victim, horribly mutilated, and still recognisable, was disinterred from beneath the masonry of a cellar belonging j to the house occupied by Derraschi and her ad ministrator. Presuming that Boggio's guilt will' be established, and report says that he has already confessed, it may be added that the "skeleton in ' his house" docs not seem to have inspired in his mind the slightest symptoms of mawkish un easiness. He even selected as his habitual sleeping-room an apartment on the ground floor, immediately over the cellar where the body lay. A further investigation, extended to other houses formerly tenanted by the accused, has led to the discovery of other corpses, hidden likewise in the cellars, and in various stages of decomposition. The number is variously stated; but it is gene rally believed that two of the bodies in question are the remains of two " friends" of' the accused, both of whom have been missing for 3ome years. Every day fresh and startling facts are brought to liijlit in connection with this affair.-English paper. THE WEATHER IN England.--The 21st May was hotter than any day during the year 18G0. The mean temperature in shade was 65'2 degrees, and the greatest heat in the shade was 79-8 de grees. In 18C0 the mean temperature of the two warmest days was G3-4 degrees 011 22nd of May, and degrees on 15th July. The greatest heat occurred on the same day lust year-namely, .21st May, aiid the temperature reached was the saine in both years-namely, 7!)'8 degrees. In former years a much higher temperature has been reached, the greatest heat in the shade being lor May, 184(1, H1'4 degrees; 18-17, 84-5 degrees; 1848, 830 degrees; 18J3, 82*0 degrees; 18o.j, 81'!) degrees ; and 1858, 84'0 degrees. In con trast to tliis, the greatest heat iu May, 1842 and and 18 U3, only reached (>7"0 degrees, and in 184.0 only 60*0 degrees. During the past fifty years the coliicst May was in 185(>, when the mean tempera ture was. only 48-5 degrees, the hottest May being 1848, when the mean temperature readied 60-0 degrees, TIIE COMING GREAT EXIUMTION.-Tlio gua rantee fund for the International Exhibition of 1862 now excceds £400,000, and further sub scriptions to it are expected. The building for the exhibition is proceeding satisfactorily, and the demands for space by intending exhibitors pour in daily to an- extent far exceeding what was ever contemplated. Notifications have been received by her Majesty's Commissioners from a number of foreign governments of the appointment of com lnissioners'tp represent the products of the respec tive countries. Information has also been received by her Majesty's Commissioners that local com mittees have been formed in various towns of the United Kingdom, to assist in preparing works of industry for the Exhibition. Nearly every town in Great liritaiti and Ireland will be represented at the Exhibition. AMERICANISMS.-A man whose energy and pluck can be depended on is said to be "a whole team, and a horse to spare"-sometimes with the ornamental addition of " with a big dog under the waggon." A person gets a hint to mind his own biisuicss by being requested to "hoc his own row," or "paddle his own canoe;" and the folly of meddling with other people's quarrel:) is expressed in the pithy proverb, " Let every man skin his own skunks," which, as the skunk is something worse than a polecat, is not a very pleasant opera tion. This vermin has been " improved " by the Americans into another maxim, as good as it is original-" Vice is a skunk that smells awful rank wlien stirred up by the pole of misfortune." Blackwoods Magazine. 