(FROM THE GHOST OF BAN BAN.) I AM hastening to send this by a special messenger to you, and request you will properly appreciate my earnest atten- tion. Last evening we had one of our glorious and thoroughly Gayndah like meetings, and lest your valuable correspon- dent ' G.,' should not have been at it, I have taken notes and am posting this off to you. First, however, let me tell you, that I think it exceedingly shabby upon your part that you did not publish, in last week's issue, my previous favour. Well, Sir, last night the inhabitants of Gayndah were re- quested to meet their admirable member, "Mr. Robert O'Grady Haly." A bellman was sent round to announce the exciting fact that he was in the place, and though not ex- actly happy to, would meet the electors at Kehlet and Gill's, precisely at 9 o'clock. About that time, from twenty to thirty obeyed the summons, and after some little trouble it was decided that Alexander Walker, Esq., should take the chair. Mr. Alexander Wal- ker having overcome his natural modesty, and taken up the novel position, Mr. O'Grady Haly exhibited himself, and seemed thunder-struck to find his presence had not caused a greater sensation in the town, and puzzled to see his late op- ponent's best friend presiding over that assemblage of intel- lectual Britons. He commenced by telling them that he had ridden all the way from Taabinga to enjoy that proud mo- ment. He thought it the duty of every member to meet his constituents, and if possible to explain what he had done for them. Be hoped they would not be deluded into the belief that his colleague had done more for them than he bad. The moment be heard that he had been writing letters to them, he (Mr. Haly) felt sure that he (Mr. Treasurer) was at some- thing. No ; he could assure them that had be been backed up, things would have been very different now. (Groans.) Had they been properly represented the Burnett would have had three members at least; that was, Gayndah one to it- self, had they been properly represented. Some worthy townsman would have been appointed to their Police Magls- tracy. But he would proceed to the Land Bill. That mea- sure was entirely due to himself ; now he could get out swarms of servants from home at low wages, and get land orders in return for the money advanced. Now squatters were safe against intruders in the shape of settlers coming on to their runs ; for the minimum price of land was for more than they would or could give for it, and a great deal more than it was worth. The Education Bill too was his own; but as it was a difficult subject to treat upon, he should pass to the roads and bridges. He protested against his colleagues taking the credit for the sums granted. It was well known to all but themselves that that Brisbane man dare not appear desirous of spending money in this quarter. Even his official letters to these parts are written on half-sheets of paper, lest the Brisbane people should say devoted too much of the pub- lic funds to their enemies. They were to have a bridge ; yes, but he must give their other— their literary member, he would style him—the credit for that. All other acts he claimed as his own, and trusted they were as satisfied as he was that they were lucky fellows in having such a representative. Want of space compels us to reserve the conclusion of "Ghost's" report for next week.—ED.] 