? SEASON ATMJ INSTINCT; OE RATIONAL s AND INSTINCTIVE PEOPLE. Season and instinct are two opposite poles of life— to use the scientific form of expression ; and in exact proportion as we develope the one do we subdue the otber. The instinctive animal acts by impulse, the reasoning animal by a process of induction. In proportion as we reason we despise impulse; and in .proportion as -we ficl by impulse we neglect reason. We often hear ladies say, " I felt moved to do so and so," without giving a reason. They go bent on a journey or a visit, and they feel mored to stop by the way, and return—they always think they do right on such occasions. But if you ask them for a reason they can give you none. It was an impulse. Rational people despise this mode of acting, and feel offended with it. Rational husbands quarrel with their instinctive wives about such matters, and they try to teach them the folly of such conduct; but it is all in vain ; it is the nature of the sex, and it must follow the law of its being. Moreover, instinct is as often right as wrong, and reason is as often wrong as right. So that the two poles go hand in hand together very well, and they would go much better together if they understood themselves and each other better, and the indissoluble alliance that exists between them—a marriage union pronounced by the Creator to be sacred and for ever, and which it is gross impiety in man to attempt to dissolve. Instinct is an impulse or genius—a masculine principle*—which inspires and prompts to simple actions in which the passions are interested. Iteason ib an art, or labour of the mind, which carries out the suggestions of the instinctive nature in a new and artistic sphere of being. Instinct realizes many of its suggestions, but he does it getierically. Reason is more individual in her operation, more minute and particular in her details, more various in her modes, more complex in her plans. AU bees build alike, with some trifling variations; beavers do the same, and we know the nest9 of blackbirds, linnels, tomlits, sparrows, and swallows, by their respective peculiarities. So long as they follow the general law of their kind, we say they are guided by instinct; but were any individual blackbird to depart from that law, and build a n;st of a different nature from that of blackbirds in general, to cover it with moss or to line it with soft down and feathers, like a house-sparrow; or were it to make a nest with a roof to it, or a step-ladder to enable the young blackbirds to walk out comfortably when full fledged, then we should say that this blackbird showed symptoms of reason, for reason is an individual modification of a generic power, and the more remarkable the modification is, the less aflinity does it hold with instinct. A cat that sits at the door of its own house till the servant opens it, docs what all other cats do, and we think nothing of it; but when we are told of a particular cat jumping up to the knocker, and actually knocking at the door to announce its presence, then we sav that this cat shows symptoms of reason. Vcl, why it should be reason in the one case and not in the other is difficult, to eav, except that the knocking at the door implies something like a process of induction, whereas the mere sittiug at the door implies only a vague feeling that (he door sometimes opens. This" latter feeling shows fometliiug like reason ; but we do not cj=.11 it reason, for there is only a patient awaiting of the openine of (lie door, without any individiul art employed to effect the opening. IL is hard to soy where instinct stops and reason begins: they merge in one another, like tlie two poles of a magnet; but yet tliev are as distinct as the two poles, and, moreover, as mutually repulsive of one another. These two powcrs are to be found in thei human being, and it is chiefly to their manifestation in humanity that we wish at present to direel the reader's attention. Instinct is the parent of reason : it is the largest of the two. Instinct lias a catholic or universal character; reason lias a particular or individual character. Instinct goes directly to the point—it tallies the shortest way to accomplish ifs end. Instinct would teach a man lo clothe himself in fi"- loaves or palm-lsaves; but it would require reason to (each him to make use of slieep-skins, or, bv a more laborious process of thought and industry," to spin wool into threads and convert it into elolh. In like manner, when it, thundered, instinct might teach man that it wob a great spirit roaring in the heavens; but it would require a process of reasoning to (each him that it was occasioned bv the contliet of two ga«es (not unlike spirits, after all). In like manner, instinct inyht teacli men to account for natural phenomena by ascribing them to gods and godesses and other invisible beings; for we consider that even in the imaginative world the first and simplest ideas of men are all instinctive, for the imagination is an instinctive faculty, inasmuch as it despises experiment and observanoM, and comes to its conclusions immediately, without any process of inductive reasoning All charms and spells, therefore, are instinctive device:, as opposed (o rational devices. Tliev are methods by which the imagination conceives (hat (he end can be obtained by the instrumentality of a spiritual power. "Will you sell me that wart 9" says on old woman to a girl with a wart on her hand or neck. The girl says she has no objections. " Then (here's a penny for it," says the old woman, and she gives the young one a penny The young woman takes the penny, and the wart "is now the property of the old woman. From that lime tae superstitious belief is, that the wart begins to die and in a month or two it disappears. This is one of the shortest and least scientific modes of getting rid of a wart, that you can possibly imagine: but it is 1 mod' which is very natural to a simple and instinctive people-a people not. yet initiated into the mysteries of science. Science laughs at the idea, and says it is expecting an effect without a cause. It would applv ciustic, or some chemical solvent, to the wart or it would cut it off with a razor; but it might foil in effecting a perfect removal, without leaving a mark upon the skin ; and thus it does not commend itself altogether to the ladies, who prefer the charm if it succeeds, because the operation is so perfect. 1'hev do not concern themselves about cause and effect. - tlicy do not pretend to know, or even to guess, what is the real character of the power of a spell. Reason does not interfere with the matter. When it does, it failsand, therefore, we are always told that the most ignorantp:ople arc the best charmers; for even astrologers who believe in such things, but who reason upon them' lose their power by using tbeir reason, and are far surpassed by the old Sibyls, who reason not at all. Superstition is all instinctive; and you feel it coming over you in awful positions or circumstances like a e,)ell. you are sitting alone, in a large house ot tour or five stories; you are reading what rational people call a very stupid tale about a haunted house— etrange knockings and whisperings, and ringine of bells, and treading of feet, &c.; Whether vou will or not, a nervous feeling comes over you. It is midnight You must go o* to an — upper storey to bed. You take un vmir rflnitlo anit nAimt 1 ** "j'j'" w wcu. iuu ui&C; UD .m , , , 1 your CTndle,and mount up the dark and loneiy staircase. You pride yourself, perhaps, in your reason, and imaginative people; you boast of your superiority to all superstitious feelings, but you cannot mount that stair in such circumstances without solemn perhaps awful, impressions, or thrilling sensations;' nd the more pathetic and imaginative your mind the stronger these impressions are. The man who could under such circumstances divest himself wholly of superstitious feeling, is one whose prosaic insensibility we could not admire, any more than we could admire the self-possession of a cat in a haunted tower. His total want of superstitious feelings would only ally him more closely with the brute which is entirely devoid of them. There is a difference, however between superstitious feelings and slavish fears; the' first are common io all poetic minds, who never are, and cannot possibly be, devoid of them; the second belongs to cowards and fools, whose reason is too weak to maintain that control and ascendancy over the imagination to which it ever attains in all elevated and enlightened minds. We lived two years in a house which had the name of being haunted, because the bells sometimes rang spontaneously. We never could discover the cause of the bells ringing, for every cause which we imagined was negatived by some circumstance which rendered it untenable. We thought little of it, and had feara whatever; when they rang by day we have some- times run to examine them, but could only see the effect without perceiving the cause. On one occasion, however, in particular, we were sitting alone reading after midnight; all the test of the household werem bsd, and bells suddenly rang, and the bell-wins were violently agitated; we looked up and saw them in tremulous motion'. We felt a nervous thrill—a sensa- Jion, we believe, common to all men when they see anything of the kind without an apparent cause. SuppoBe that house to have been an old baronial residence, associated in idea with tales of chivalry and romance, and -withal, too, of secret murder and assassination, there Is no man living {anSdiot eicfpted) who could iave witnessed Buch=a simple circumstance as that without a tremulous, nervous feeling._ His Imaginative instinct would in such « case assert its-supremacy for a season, end give s-somewhat romantic and mysterious direction to the current of his thoughts. The «earch -after Tiatural causes in modern times has done much to destroy superstition. It .'Has created'a popular pride of rationally accounting for everything without the instrumental^ of such agency as our lathers believed in. This scientific pride has served a very good end. It lias removed a considerable amount of rubbish from the imaginative world, made men more courageous and independent as lords of creation, and pretty well established the important fact, that the world is our own inheritance, and that no mysterious agents of an invisible world are permitted to interfere with our proceedings to serve their own mischievous ends, by interrupting or controlling the ordinary laws of nature. Still the poetic soul can never altogether direst itself of superstitious impressions, especially iu time of trouble, in fearful and heart-rending circumstances. We have had a memorable instance of this of late, in the journal of Haydon, the celebrated painter, who destroyed himself in a state of pecuniary embarrassment He kept a journal, and recorded his impressions, and there be states his ^ own feelings on the occasion of his opening his last exhibition. March 27th.—" I had my little misgivings this day on my way to the Egyptian Hall. The horse attached to the cab in which I rode, fellwould any man believe that tbis annoyed me ? Tet the same accident occurred before thecartoon contest,' which was also a failure. " March 31st.—April fool day to-morrow. In putting my letters of invitation to a private view in the post, I let three hundred them fall to the ground. Now for the truth omens." On tile 4th of April, when the private view took place, it rained all day, and only lour came to see it. Now Haydon was a man of genius (not perhaps more rational on that account, for genius ii very instinctive, and, therefore, foolishly inclined)., but he preserved his superstitious feelings to the last, and even condescended to make a memorial of them in his journal. There are many men with scarcc onetithe of the natural talent of Haydon, who would pride themselves in being superior to all such puerilities, and regard such feelings as evidences of mental weakness. 13ut this is a false conclusion. The very greatest minds are possessed of such feelings, whilst cimmon-place minds despise them. Comparing the successive eras of society in relation (o instinct and feeling, we find that instinct is most posverful in (lie earliest ages, and reason or science in latter times. AU ancient writings, and all writings belonging to an infantine state of society, betray the ascendancy of the instinctive nature. These are times of poetry and fable—of legend and romance. The imagination then is Lord paramount, and natural causes are then as much in disrepute as superstitious causes now. Homer would hare disdained to ascribe a storm to a natural cause, when lie wrecked his hero in liis little bark as he steered his way from the isle of Calypso ; it was not by a storm composed of oxvgen and hydrogen, and originating merely in an electric state of the atmosphere, but a storm occasioned br the wrath of Neptune on aecouut of the escape of Ulysses. The god was indignant, and audibly expressed the feelings of the soul—as he stirred up tlio deep. He spoke, and litRh the forky trident burled, noils clouds oil clouds, uud 6t(rs the watery world: At once the face of earth and sea deforms, bwells all the winds and rouses all the storms. Tin's is Tory unscientific. But still wc cannot find any better way of poetically treating a subject. Poetry despises science to this day, and the modern poet who w e 1 . .„ 0 Scribe a thunder storm with anv scientific allusions to oxygen and hvdrogen, would act as looiish a part as the scientific philosopher who explained the phenomena upon Homeric principles. It is because early times are less scientific that they are more poetical, aud it is because women are less fond ot science that they are more fond of poetry ; and the poet to this day is an instinctive being, who consults Ins feelings more and his reason less, and we believe in most cases he will be found to be supremely ignorant of the principles of modern science, and possessed of little or no ambition to ucquire such knowledge. This instinctive principle is more powerful than rationalists would have it to be, but perhaps it is fortunate for mankind that reasoners cannot change the nat lire of man. To this strong inst inctive facultv we ascribe Me origin 0f all religious feelings. Thc'y arc generally superrafiona], and always strongest and purest when they are least controversial. A very learned divine is never a great devotee-, in the sentimental sense of the word ; his reason overrules his leeling; a pious and devotional nun is not made such by any course of study. She may read abundantly but tliey must be all books of a certain tone. She must not reason. Our doetriual sects are the least devotional, and our devotional sects are the least doctrinal. Reason may help to correct and to modify a religious feelmg, but it never originates in reason'- it has a deeper or a nobler source. The taste for licht literature is all instinctive. Novels are not loved for their rationality, but • their appeal to the instincts of humanity. Tbey speak of the feelings, the affections, and the passions. Science ivould spod a novel j even a paragraph descriptive of natural sc.-nery is dangerous to introducethe young ladies will skip it; it is not instinctive! ihey have no receptivity for such impressions. The ^f.P 0 /^, IE ? 1,va J' s instinctive, and poets have invariab/y foiled when they became scientific, geographical historical, mystical, or metaphysical; they then cease lo be poets. A book of mere reason or science will never be much read; there is no passion in human nature to patronise it,—women will not look at it and men yawn oyer it. How very few men have erer'read Lockes celebrated "Essay on the Human Understanding! How few fellows of any of the universities ever get through it i Have any live women ever perused it? Yet all the world talks of it as a standard work, and one that lias effected a sort of revolution in philosophy. But revolutions in thought are got up by I'lalL-dozen writers, who lead all the rest of the world by the nose, ihese half-dozen are rational; »U the rest are the instinctive novel readers, jokers, and storv tellers liven modern rationalism is a thing got "up in this manner. A few leading mmds cry it up, and crv all sorts of superstition and credulity down and they set up a fashion, and (be people feign to follow it, but it jsall a feint. Every now and then they are caught by some folly or other, and if you cannot catch them staring vacantly with alarm at the report of an apnantion or wearing a galvanic ring or an amulet written in Hebrew or Arabic, you will catch them following the impulses of instinct in preference to reason, bv eagerly perusing some love tale or some jocular anecdote, and leaving uncut for months in the readmerooms all articles in reviews and magazines which treat of science, or in other words, which look at Mature in a rational manner. "Them's the lockeys for me! said the country gentleman rubbing 4 iw Vi'1 t 4*1 i j r— -«M«jj4UJgB vuuiiug TL,? . T T 43 ora , i ?rinng at a private m 6 instinct, ! . • i ail powerful instinc(, J 0[, kev6 for which me is !" not Thi, to be ,«•«= nut down by any amount of talent whatever, but asserts its rights, and maintains its position in the intellectual and spiritual, as well as in the sensual world. It is he bosom fnend of the imagination, and though like the elder born, Esau, it has been supplanted bv reason, its younger brother, it has the'blessing of Esau still to comfort it, and the assurance that at last it will break the yoke from off its neck. Instinct has of late been too much decried, and reason loo much bepraised. Tliey are both-good when finely developed, otherwise not. Reason is as often wrong as nght It is not aU gold that glitters, nor aU reason thattakes the name of reason. Perfect reason, KUich is divine reason, is reconciled to instinct, and perfect instinct is in harmony with reason. But the two principles in man arc given to correct each other, and to produce a medium, which, being the offspring ot both, is the sovereign ruler of humanity, the son to whom adjudgment is given. ASsake Stout. NabbowEscape.—Thelock-nn at Bmalong is built of slabs, perpendicular and cresswise, and having been erected when , the timber was green, there are many apertures through which the su£ when it shjnes forth, can beam i^and cheer the unhappy inmates. On Sunday last two niILm were squatted on the floor i/one of the cdls e^ penencing that small luxury, when one of them spied S f i 0^' Was Th e T botl> eprang^on k lhe T ? ^ m **res of so unwetome "f ? ar P™ ^ korc- or, they that instead or-a rat, it Was a blkck enak^ workuig its way between the slabs. Thev railed out lock-up keeper; but"^^" turned » deaf ear to their story, believing that tW wcreendeavourmgto induce him toopenthe door for Jlic purpose of rushing him and making their escape <^0™ tbatlhey were tellkg the troth, Burke came to their relief and lie found raat the reptile had succeeded in gettiig in betweu I w . ured on the snake, soas todis- lofeut, and it was t a little over t» teol.~ han despatchMT lt me&ur;^. raaXimrper.M ,' TM Gaedb-ai ISmbeii.—A lai^b-brecd of spiders abound in thepalace of Hampton Court They ere called there cardinals," jn honour, I suppose, of Cardinal Wolsey.' They are full an jnch in length, and many 'of thfetfl of the thickness* of a finger. Their legs -are 'about two inches: long, and- their todies covered with thick hair. They feed chiefly on moths, as appears from the wings of that insect being found in great abundance under and amongst their webs. In running across the carpet in an evening, when the light of a lamp or candle has cast a shade from their large bodies, they hare been mistaken for mice, and hare occasioned no little alarm to 6ome of the more nervous inhabitants of the palace. A doubt has even been raieed_ whether the name of cardinal has not been given to this creature from an ancient belief tliat the ghost of Wolsey haunts the place of his former glory under this shape. At all events, die spider is considered as a curiosity, and Hampton Court is the only place in which I have met withit.— Jesse's Gleaning! in Natural History. 'HutiiKtitt, Latin masculine; Z'indiMct, BV. masculine; .ZHe&, Garm. masculine; fend-. 