TUE HOSL'IiAL. TO TIIS EDITOR OF THE KF.GI.STEU. air— 1 havii always thought wo hud a ' Resident Surgeon' at the Adelaide Hospital that medical aid should ahvavd be ut hand for an cuiertrencv, and am therefore turnrisi-il to learn thut the poor follow Pearson, who met with an accident 011 Thursday last at the Kail way Station, laid upwards of an hour in the Hospital before House Surgeon or Colonial Sur geon could bo found. Is this as it ought to be? It is just possible there are n few things in relation to this institution whiuh niujht be improved by a httlo looking into. I uui, Sir, Ac, Adelaide, August Hi, 1861. W. bTREET Kailways.— The following extract of a letter received i'rom Captain Bagot by a gentleman in this city has been forwarded to us for publication. It is dated from Phila delphia, U.S., Ma.v 11, 1SGI : — 'I never doubted but that I was ri^'ht when 1 proposed the adoption in South Australia of animal power railways; but since 1 have been in this country I have seen quite enough to confirm the justness of my views. In this fine city the plan of street railways was lirst introduced three years ago, and now they traverse nearly every street in it, and connect it with its suburbs. 1 hud from an official report that there are 20 District Companies; that they have 150 miles of rails laid, upon which 50U cars are constantly running, worked by 1, 100 men ami '2,-;00 horses. They have about the same speed as the old omnibuses, which, by the way, has entirely disappeared here. They can he stopped in a moment, and do stop to take up or set down passengers perhaps ton tunes in 1(10 yards. They are in great favour with the monstrous crinoline wearers here: for they are as easy of access ;ls a house door, ami as comiiioilioiis wilnin as a room. The fare, which will carry the passenger five miles if he pleases, is live cents *— i«l--- They have enabled me to visit almost every part of the city and some of the environs in two days, at a cost of less than a dollar; yel a shareholder in one of the (Jrmpanit'S told me it divides 40 per cent, on capital. The cars are 10 feet long within, and (H feet wide. They are drawn bv two horses, which appear to have little else to do hut to get out of the way, except when going up lull, ami then it must be steep to prevent their trotting. On some that are steep and long a third horse is attached. Already most of the vehicles that frequent the streets have adapted their wheels to run on the rails, which greatly facilitates their draught, and lessens the noise, which is very great when they run on the coarse boulder pavements of the streets; so that in this way also the system is of general benefit. The rails do not present any obstruction to the general trathc of the streets. New York has also a great extent of street railway, and hundreds of cars are constantly moving upon them ; but as thuy have not yet been permitted on tho Broadway, omni buses are still very numerous. Would that our hng hsh stuhlMirnuess would at once yield, for yield it will eventually, anil that our country might liave the benelit of this simple anil most eli'ectual mode of ocomotion— not so much for our streets, uut for the country generally. To persist in the* construction of expensive locomotive railways is to load the country with debt, upon which the lines ivill never pay even a small interest. 1 do not -ouch upon American politics; those you have jnuch better through the press. The excitement is lerce and general throughout tin? \nrt.)w-rn «-??(...? -?in party questions are set aside, and the people are united as one man in the determination to put down the rebellion, as they designate the conduct of the houtherners.' Vit-ioiiiA Theatbe.— The tragedy of '' Hamlet' was produced on Tuesday evening, Mr. lioliert Heir performing the philosophical Prince of Denmark. This is one of the most difficult diameters m the English drama, and with the ex quisite acting of Mr. -i. V. Urooke still fresh in our memory it is no small praise to bestow on Mr. Heir to say that his performance was not a failure Ihis gentleman possesses many natural advan tages, and he has evidently been a close student. He has a tme person, a rich voice, and graceful action ; but he is somewhat uneven in hts style, rsothmg could exceed the correctness with which he rendered the text, and his mastery was com plete over the obvious meaning of the language ? but he added few new graces to the delivery, and he struck no new light in his highly elaborated Study of tho part. The soliloquies were given with impressive emphasis, and occa sionally, when adequately supported, he ros«' above the monotony of mere correctness' or the fitful energy of conventional passion, ami electnhed the audience with a touch of nature Mrs. Heir had not sufficient scope in Ophelia to call all her powers into play, but she gave a charm ing delineation of the love-lorn daughter of the self-sufficient Chamberlain. Her scenes with Hamlet were exceedingly beautiful, and the mail scenes deeply affecting ; nut, as we have said, she is equal to far more ambitious business than is comprised in the character of Ophelia. In one respect Mr. and Mrs. Heir have a great arivautire over other performers of great pre.tensions-they are both young enough to offer no violence in their appearance to the sense of sight when they assume such parts as those allotted to them on Tuesday evening. Mr Cox looked, ami played Claudius well, Mrs. Hill made a capital Gertrude, Mr Hill was a tolerable Horatio, Mi. Lawrence was barely tolerable in Laertes, Mr. Hooper was good as Folonius, and Mx. Jlacgowan was most amusing in the gravedigger; indeed his comic acting was only exceeded by the more funny attempt at serious performance by Messrs. Reading and usual with the limited companies that figure in the Victoria, several performers had to do double duty, among which Mr. Fitzgerald's Ghost and Mr. Cox's Osrick were deserving of special notice. There was a very thin attendance in the boxes, but the pit and gallery were well filled. It will be seen that the pieces announced for this evening are 'lngomar,' in which Mr. Itoltert Heir will play the Barbarian and Mrs. Heir Parthenia; aud the ' Captain's not Amiss.'' URfGHTOx ?Volunteers. — The First Brighton Rifles, at their weekly practice on Wed nesday, August 14, made very good shooting; the average being 11.5; distances, 150 and 200 yards With the exception of four young members that recently joined, almost every rifleman scored well beyond his ten rounds. One man marked as many as 19 point3. Target practice being over, Instructor Frazer, in his own masterly and efficient style handled the company for some time. The mem bers subsequently held a meeting for the election of officers, consequent on the resignation of Captain Walsh. The following members were unanimously electetLyiz. :— Lieutenant James Niall to be Captain: W. Featheretone Lieutenant' and Private fbos. Kichards. Corporal, UWMt' ' ma 