I FABUAMEflTABY 1NTELI19EXCB. I . ~ ?<,. "' IÍEGISLATIYE COUNCIX, I ? f. - : TKWÍY, : Aran. 13. I to«f-!!MTr?EI^to0k U''ehl,ir *' tw8n-?«"!» nlrmte.'put w m^XSB PIL0,T AND HARBOUB, SERVICE. , - Mr. TOWNS aaked the Attorney-Gonera! when tba O.B.« la reference to the revenusand vxpanditara on accoontîrDi. pilot and barbear aerviooe. ordered by thia Homo on th« 9 iii Ultimo, would h« laid upon the table f ' ? ' "rt Mr. HARGRAVE replied, that ao far aa toa Colonial Sacra, tary a department waa concerned the roturna were read* batik. Customs and Storekeeper's department» had asked for fortW time, and he hopod in a short tim« tha whole of th» dosamim. would be ready, -»«msmi PLEURO-PNEUMONTA. Mr. ROBERTSON said he balisved it would be admitted b. every honorable gentleman that avery faoility ahobldTM giran to carry out the maaaura for the prevention of. the cattle flseu» without delay. He thereforo moved that ao much of the standin» ordsra be auapended aa will allow the- Cattle Diseaae Prawoümi Bill to be paased through ita remaining stages in one day. Tbs motion was seconded, and agreed to. CHURCH AND SCHOOL LAND8 BILL. Thia Bill being reoelved from the House of Assembly. Mr. BOURN RUSSELL moved that the Bill ba BOW re til Brit tims. The motion was seoonded. ' Kr. DEAS THOMSON aald ha would elate at once hs- woola oppose thia Bill in all ita future auges. It savoured too moon of repudiation. He believed they had no-power to deal with it la right and justioe. Mr. GEORGE ALLEN said he thought tha beat thing Hit could tu done with tb» Bili waa to throw it out at ones. Hs moved, aa an amendment, that the Bill be read a aeeoni time thie day six months. Mr. TOWNS seconded tho amendment. : Mr. JOHNSON ssid ba oonourred with tha'remtrVs of thshon orable member, but bo thought they akould give the gentleman who had taken charge of th» Bill an opportunity of giving thea aomo arguments in favour of th» Bill ; he did not think he coola bring forward »ny. Mr. DOCKER said he thought tho abrupt mode prowse! would hardly ba tb» propor coarse to adopt. - But ba would SM be bolievad thia Bill to bean attempt at open and unùianiati spoliation. Tne PRESIDENT aald he would call the attention ot tbs House to the oircumatauce that ao far back aa February, 1357, tba House hsd adopted on address to the Qovernnr-Qeneral, praying he would be pleased to oauaa to b» laid apon the Ubi» copies ot legal opinions whioh may have been expressed in reference to these lands; the prayer of this address had never been oonpUsd with. Mr. ALLEN said he had been advised te withdraw his aatsnd rnent. and by le*ve did ea. The Bill was tben reed a first time. Mr. BOUKN RUSSELL said he had taken charge of the Bill but bad not pledged himself to support it. Hs moved that Uta' Bill be read a second time on Wednesdsy next After a brief Ispse ef time, noone else appearing Inglinsdto second the motion. Mr. ALLEN seconded lt. Mr. DEAS THOMSON said the proceeding of the honorable gentleman waa the most inconsistent be over witnessed ; if hs bad not seconded the motion lr, ali probability it would hara fallen to the ground, and the object he had in moving tus smendment would thuroby ba attained. It would have besa better not to go on with the seooud reading lill the papera rela- tive to it, which ho bad mov^d for aome time since, wero laid oa tb» table. A later day should be fixed. Mr. ALLEN ssid he saw no inconsistency in his pro- ceeding ; he had boen asked' by the House to withdraw the amendment to allow the Bill to be read a first time; be did so, and as the motion for tba second reading had been made, he thought it best to got it on as Boon as possible thst thev tniaht ant rid nf anni, . niano nf nnn.1i,tln. Ieglalation. t»»- v. ."r - -""* Mr. ROBERTSON «old Iftho dlsposatorthe question depended opon tbe production of the papara relative to tba landa, all the papers necessary to dotermine tho question were Inprint. But it waa of little ooneequenco whether the papora were ready or not aa the Bill had not a ghost of a chance, and bo hopod lt would not He would take the first opportunity to vote against lt. Here, gretted the Bill hed not dropped. , Mr. BOURN RUSSELL withdrew his motion, by leave. «Uh s view to proposing a later poriod for tho seoond reading. He Uten moved that the aeaond reading of the Bill stand aa order of the day for next Wednosday. No one aeoonding the motion, the Bill dropped. CROWN LANDS ALIENATION BILL. Mr. ROBERTSON movod that the order of tba day for tba conalderation in committee of thia Bill belpostpoDo d until s later period of tbe evening. The motion waa agreed to. CROWN LANDS OCCUPATION BILL. The resumption of the adjourned debate on the second reading of thie Bill waa alaopoatpoued until a later period of the eveolcg, to enablo the Cattle Disease Prevention Bill to be proceeded with. CATTLE T ISEASE PREVENTION BILL. Mr. ROBERTSON moved that this Bill bo now road a second time, and pressed the necessity or passing the Bill without amendment, BO that time might be aaved,and the Bill be bruofht into operation. Hr. HARGRAVE seconded the motton. Dr. DOUGLASS agreed to the necessity of passing tho Bill without delay, but thought lt ridiouloua to peas that portico alladfng to the destruction af hay, straw, fodder, orother arttolea, supposed to be Infeoted. He was not gola g to oppose the Bill bnt put this point before them. - Mr. BOURN RUSSELL thought the diaease a dangerous one, and they «hould do all they could to pass the Bill speedily. Mr. DEAS THOMSON said fae waa not going to oppose the Bill,' but he considered thia a very dangercua piece of legislation. Hs trusted a sound discretion would be usorl when the powers ot tbe Bill were granted to tho Government. He hoped a necessity may not arise from it; compensation should be given to those whoso cattle mav be destroyed. Mr. WANT said he supported the measure beosase of lbs ab solnte necessity of lt. He considerad tbs lost clause inflicting so heavy a penalty objectionable. Mr. TOWNS supported tbe measure, bat regretted there wu no provision for compensation to those whoso osttle may be de- stroyed He hoped the honorable Mr. Robertson would be pis. pared, when they want into committee, with a oleosa te remedy thia; If be were not, he (Mr.Towna) would be. Mr. DOCKER said be did not approve of tho Bill entirely, but the abaolute neoeaaityof the measure lnduoedblmtogive itali bia support He would remind them if amendments were made, it wonld have to go baok to the Assembly for oonourronce, and that would destroy tbe utility of the measure, by delaying ll. Mr. ROBERTSON said there waa no doubt but any Ocvsra. ment would grant relief to any persona whose atook they destroy. He boped the honorable Mr. Towns would abstain fr. m introdu- cing a new alausa. The motion waa agreed to, and the Bill read a seoond time. On the motion or Slr. ROBERTSON,tho House want Into com- mittee for tbs consideration of tbe Bill. All the clauses were gone through, and agreed to without, amendment The CHAIRMAN then left the chair, aad reported tba Bul. The report waa then adopted. Mr. ROBERTSON mored that the Bill be now read a third tims. Mr. HABGRAVE seconded the motion, which waa agreed ts. The Bill waa thon read a third time and passed, and re-trans. milted to the Assembly without amendment. COMMISSIONER AT NEWCA8TLE APPOINTMENT BILL. Mr. DOCKER produced tba leasone drawn np by the seleot committee, of which he was chairman, for the Councils not agreeing to the amendments of tbe Assembly upon tba Commis- sioner at Newcastle Appointment Bill. He movedthstthsy.be transmitted to the Assembly. Mr. ROBERTSON said he thought the reasons should be printed, that the House might consider whether lt could agres ta Mr.* DOCKER said if the Honse considered it neocasary be had noobjeotien. ... Mr. ROBERTSON moved that tho debato bo adjourned until Tuesday next, and that, in the meantime, the documents »a printed. The motion was agreed to. CROWN- LANDS ALIENAT1UM mun. On tho order of th« «tay /or tbsHsuss going into commitUa ol the whole for the consideration of thia Bill being moved, Mr DOCKER «aid he regretted he could not agree to the motion of the hon. member (Mr. RobsrUon) for going now into I committee. Hie reason fordoing co, waa th» auddeo-lermloitton of th» second reading the other day. Thia molionof golx-g into committee waa the only opportunity hs would bare of expressing hla opinions on the Bill. A peculiar feature of the Bill bad bess seized upon and used aa a political o ry. A psctUiar difficult; had srlsan from tb» peculiar position of the country by thia fsatnrs. Tb» Bill had baan acçopud, but had not boen discussed ; the principias or the Bill If ha oonld apply tho word principles to what appeared a thorough abnegation of everything that has a oleim to being called a principio. They had been told by a portion it the Press, that portion of lt which waa supposed to represent, the opinions of tb» Ministry, thst their duty waa to oorrsct tho loose verblags of the measures brought before them. lie trustai this was not their duty, that thoy had something mor» useful,and important to do, than correct the looso verbieg» or r^ammitical errura of any Ministry, eren if that Ministry had been chosan from th» most, able sud intellectual men of tho colony, or, sa may bo th» case,, from mer» political charlatans. Ha bold tho »pinion, that tbs. country wai entitled to tha full valu» of the loads, and that full value was only to bo obtained bypuklio competition. No measure, had ever boen submitted to any Legislature- that wai so apparent ola«» legislation as thoao Billa. Tho Hill bo maintained wwi, grevions infraction of the right» of one elsa». Ho dcslgnalsd lt a gigantic political swindle. They migbl (-almost imagine they saw a modern Gracchus, trying to introduce an Agrarian law.hut l. little consideration would diepol I his. allusion. Tht| restrictions in the Bill justlílod him in designating lt what hs. just had termed lt. Hs dlacorsred in the Bill, an. abundance of pn-misos to every class. bat he found these promises nullified by sabsounent obtusos. I|wa» a fallacy to suppose that tho soil cannot be profitably employer unless the plough was Introduced into it. It waa a fallacy,to sup- pose that money was wrongly Invested in th» purchase of largs tracts or land. In the county of Brisbane, there wereo09,0Sl aires alienated from tb» Crown in block» of from 9000 to :U,CO0 acres, and usod for pastoral purposes. Did tho honorable »ember sup- pose that th» purchaser» of this iand had not purchased it for tba purpose of incroasing thoir capital ; or was lt supposed it was only purchased to keep others out of lt? An attempt to' Iniroduoo a stalom of agricultural Bettlimsnts in this particaltr county bad been made ; upwards of 12000 acres bad bes» sold in seven, yeirj for agricultural-purposes, and In tho year. 18S7-, th» yield of grain waa 13,1,00 bushels. Auothor popular fallacy was rVoe selec- tion before survey, it was a misnomer, they always hate had fros selection before aurvey, but this was to givo occupation before survey. A cursory «Luica would show threo pervading principles of the Bill. One was an attempt to mako tbe p*»plo béliers that the landa wero to bo alienated to them in sgrloaltaril patches. They would bo unablo to take thom up ID conaiquenee. of the restrictions which it wasaoughtto encumber the measure, with. The aaooodolauao swoops away Ibo Ordars in Council. Tba 6th clause exempts from salo certain linde, »nd ssys except where such lands have boqn lawfully withdrawn from tbehoVIiflg of the lessee In accordance with tho Orders ia Council. The second claus» anent away thi Ordora in Council, and left diaore tionsry power in the bonds of the Minister. Clauses 7 to. ll also gave enormous power lo the MInlater, a parson holding hi» posi- tion bv popular opinion. The 13th clausa «Ivos great p»»-«r u> th» Mlniaterover tho mineral lands. Tho 17th and 18th .'»"f" gav» such enormous powers to tho Miuistor ss to raduco ms lessee of tho land to absoluto serfdom. The purchaser oaoomes a csmpulsory mortgager, and tho Ministry becomes a compulsory mortgage». No matter bow »blo a man may be to pay the of tba »om, it cannot bs rscsivod. Ha mast pas» thro ugo, nu pjlltioal examination for throe years. Tbs mau can ha ruinso by tba fiat of the Mlniaisr. who is the mortgagee. C,I,0,'ÍJ gives discretionary pawer to th» Minister of appointing u¡» agent He would not toko up their time by going through ta» Hill clause by clause. Ju oommittea ha could explain his objec- tions fully upon tbem. (Mr. RoaaaTsot) : AM 11 can reply to them.") Ha called their atuouon te» th» great powers granted to the '"'"'".iff I by the 6th, 6th, 7th,Sib. 12th, and lSth clauses. He thought thj first principle of tho Bill was th» rf striction of the Investment « capital on tb« land. The honorable Mr. Thomson showed U« i injurie» that wonld bo infllctsdon th» boldsraof land In settled districts. In tb« settled districts tbs proprietors of om« wer» debarred from taking advantage or fros seisollon. ASII «J» read th» fourth olausa. the whale of th« rsser.es. unies» speieiaoy reserved by proclamation, would be thrown open for irs«i aewj i Han. Tbeso reaarvea vary from SOO acre» to a whola aeotlon. ana «honld not be interfered with. Tho landed proprietor* wersrnm I allowod to obtain tba land without competition, and ataa-damaa» prto« four limes M mach a« the fctfl I »«flt« «»a to pay Ut Wt «iiolaoat aorta of ttiocoJoajwiiJjoatc^netiUoB, WM Se^rMrneseta til altura* Another obieotiou wu. tb« BUI ^flaaad to reoognlae tba exiating lauea under pre-emptive) fSf^Ij Vet a free aeleotor oould go upon the run of a peraen EKSlnihie land under pre-emptive right, and take up 3S6 urea ï-l^thelea«of preemptive right will be taken away to allow th,. iVnd to be granted to another. The Bill alao intended to all large grazing propertiea, and to aubatltnte for them a ÎSÏÏHr at email Tiolders. It had been found by iïïSriance th«T it wu only by the large hold.r. Tmorovemente in atock could bo carried out. and upon the atock ¡if th« colony ita groatnaae had been valued Another objeat \- demoted in the Bill was the division amongst those who have in ot the meena of obtainlug the landa undor proper regulations In inv BrlUah oommunity. It wu true, in one of tba provinces of New Zealand, thero ia free aulection, but the free selector paya downíi per acra; but in .mother province he could have iii«, .land ready eurvoyed for ' - 'r<-r ? "» The free aelector pay, f,.r hiaprivilogo. in Canada, cci tuiiily, thero wu freeaaleotion, at two aollara an acre; but immediate possession wu a provision, and the land to be survey ud at the expense of the free selector. He Quoted from the Lund Regulations of Canada, and drew com. nariaons between them and the propoaed Bills. The Very time .Canada wu abeliahing fros selection before survey, it was being ' attempted to introduce it here. In the diatriot whloh be esme from the tenante were doing remarkably weU. Instead af his ? tenants having to pay him rent, he wu almost indebted ta them for their produce. The carriage of a load of wool almost paid their rent. Aa to aayiog that tenants were placed in a bad po. aition it waa abaurd. He looked upon thees featurea aa the moat iniquitous of tho BUL It would either maka the honest -sattler an abject alave of the Minister of the day, or it would ' oblige him to band with othara to compel the abolition of theae restrictions. It would make a rebel of him ; and they would And that the abolition of theae restrictions would he made the teat of the return of Clambers for tho Lower House. Tho restrictions -were ridiculous. Whon it was proposed to make oultivation the test of beneficial occupation, the hanorable member and hia col- leagues opposed it, on the ground that it wu impossible to define what cultivation wu. ile, however, thought it to be the raising .«crops upon land which would not otherwise grow them. The condition of residence would be of no advantage to the public The principios of the Bill were anything but the 'beat, and ha thought he had sufficiently exposed lu features. But yet, after thia, thoy might be surprised at hit not going -to oppose tho Bill, but his roason for such a course wu solely on aooount or the almoBt unanimous expression of publio opi- nion, however erroneous they might dsem lt to be. But al ' though they allowsd the Bill lo go Into committee, they would alter its provision», permitting at the same time, the grand prin- ciple on which thu Ministry went to the country, free aelection, to pue. The effaot oftho am jndments that he Intended to pro- pose, would bo to ramove the condition attendant upon pur. chu«, for ba would compel them to pay the purobaso money et the time of purohaeo Ile however proposed to ?llow louee to he issued, for he thought no Injury would be done by the estab- lishment of a elasa of Crown tenants, who would ba in afar 'batter position than the purchasers under the syatem proposed by the Government. Allusions had been made tbe other day to bis desire to bo reportod, but he did not think that hs wu aa desirous of it u the honorable member opposite, but still ha did desire tobe reportod, aud accurately. One of the important . amendments he proposed, was the appointment of a Board to frame regulations, Sec., throeof the raembera not to be remova- ble on political grounda, and a fourth to be tbe Minister for Landa of the day. The honorable member concluded by moving u an . amendment that the cbnaideratlon of thia Bili lu eommiltae stand an order of tho day for Tueaday naxt. Mr. J. r?. HARGRAVE said that it wu very consoling to hear . that thaCdunoil waa ready to follow tho expression of the will of the people, but it waa not consoling to bim to hear that they thought the Bill wonld provo dotrlmontal to the pabilo. For bis Earl, he would not adopt auch a ooureo, aa voting for a measure e thought would prove Injurious to the public, undar any clr camatanoes. The herd warda used by tbe honorable member who spoke ¡sst, wero very plentifully thrown about, not only at the Government, but at tue eeleoiors who wera lo take land np, calling them rebjla. Tba PRESIDENT aaid tho appellation was only applied to a portion of the aelectora. Had U been general, he should have called the honorable member very aeverely to order. (Laughter.) Ur. HARGRAVE reaumed, and prooeedod to comment on the address of the honorable Mr. Docker, who he said from the acri- mony he alwaya brought into dlscusaions, might be oonsidored the Thereltea of debate. Alter paying tribute to the great know- ledge, and patriotio feeling displayed In the speech of the Hono- rable Deas Thomaon, Mr. Hargrave said he thought there were some ot his remarks thut were well open to observation. That honorable member bad spoken against the breaklng-up of the . large territories; but he (Mr. Hargrave) thought that the diffusion ofsmall settlers over tho country would be attendod with the most beneficial'reauhs. They would extend Iho blosBlugs of civilisation. (Mr. Drtaa THOMSON; Oh t oh ll Yea, for he oon. slderod that wherever population extended, there civilisation would also extend ; poople would Bellte around, soho-ila and churchea w. uld arise, &c.; and what el6e were those but the blessings of civilisation He believed tbe younger portion of the colony would go forthin Hocks and settle upon the lend. Mr. Thomson had aald, that the aquattera being dlspoaaeased, ought to establish au iusuranoe fund. Let them do it if they liked, but what were they to insuro Bgainst? They had no rights except thoae they derived from tholr leases. It was also said that they should Imitóte the other colonies, Queensland being Îiartlcularly alluded to. But Queensland wu young, and found t ncontaary to attract Bqnattors, but thia colony waa growing to a maturo age. They had a largo population, not a email ono, and . at the present momaut lhere were X3S5,H 0 In the Saving Banka walting for employment. Lot them reoolleot that they were far «head of any other of the Australian colonies. They had more gentlemen to leglalate for them, a greater amount of talent, greater weal* h, more money. The putorat lñtereata of Ihls colony -was entire'}| f aatvtlnnary n tars ; it wu not Blinded interest, hut merely existed until such time aa persona were ready to buy up tbe land. - It ooald, therefore not claim to be protected on any of theae polltioal principios, that Induced a Government to oars for the landed interest of a country. As to the Bills themselves, if any honorable member oould point ont that existing rights and interests could be better preserved than \- they wore proposed to be by the Bills, his recommendations should be attended to and adopted. As to saying the Billa wara instances of a syatem of claas legislation, such a ststement waa absurd, for alosa Ieglalation -mast be for' ona or more particular olassea, but theae Bills wera framed for benefiting ell. Not only wu lt not Bought to restrict the occupation of the land to cluses here, but lt wu intended to make them open to population beyond these -colonies. W uld-be freeholders of tbe mother country were reqalred hera; men who were unable to obtain their own land .iL», nwlna Ut lha landlord's unwlUlneneaa to sell, bat at Dome, owing to ina lonuioraa uuwuiinguiias iu BOU, uu, to wfaom tb« million» of aorea In tbla oolony wero open for occupation. Xba honorable niambar than referred »to tbe ayatem of clearing leaaes in operation in perta of tba oolony, and ha obaervod (hat there waa no roaaon why all theaa mon might not get their own 'and, after dearing it, inatead of iu belonging to tbe landlord at tba end of that period. There wera hundreda of men even in Sydney Itself, whom he knew wera 'earing np every halfpenny of their earninga for tho pnrpose of buying land aa aoon aa they oould, snd poaasaaing their own .freehold.. Aa to tbs opposition to free selection, why should not men be allowed to obooee their own freeholds before aurvey, juat aa well aa the squatters were lu the olden days allowed to go and aeleot their own runs. Ia respsot to doferred psymeats, lt waa ooneidered adviaabla to let partías koop 7o per oent. of tnelr money to enable them to gat their Block, ace. Tbs three principles of the Bill were free aeleotion before survey, eales without auction, and deferred paymeme, and these wera the ones that tba public required, and whloh bo truated thia House would agree to. Mr. DUCKER rose to explain what be really had aald about -rebela ; it was, tbat the Byslem uf deforred paymenta would force soma men Into that position, liefore silting down the honorable jnemberwlthdrow hie amendment. A point of order araae a» to whether Mr. Robertaon bad a right to reply, whloh waa ruled that he had. Mr. HOLDEN ea>d tbs importance of thia measure was Im -messurable. He complained most bitterly that they bad not more time to consider the moaaure. through the late period of tho session at which it bad been introduced. He admitted pastoral -occupation moat yield to agricultural occupation when it was required bona fide lot that purpose. lie truated that, although th» Connell bad bot a »hort time to exlat, theaa Bills would in that lime ba ao modified that they would be able tu satisfy the country with a measure which would ba better than tha existing uncertainty. He thought the land waa extensive enough far 'both classes. There waa something of the dog-in-the- manger spiritaomewbere (.vir. RODKIITSOK: " Hear,hoar,bear.") Tho duration of tenure and lease waa not aufüoient to enable tbs pastoral tenaut to take that lntereet in his run that would enauro «benefit to himself and tho country. He truated when they went into committee they would look with care at all the clauses. He did not BOO that the Bill provided for compen- sation to those whoso runs may be. invaded by the frse seleotor. Tb» insecurity af property would deprecíate ll twenty-five, per oent. Twelve millions worth of proporty would be depreciated to eight imitions ; some eystem should be adopted to proteot tho landholders from til» vast depredation. He agreed to the suggestion for f >rmlng a fund for eoxnpeneation on a basis similar to that In tho Scab in Sheep Act. Tho measure tends to foster a dispersion of tho agriculturists it professed to desire to settle. He considered sucha dispersion pernicious. Concen. trallon should b» encouraged »nd estsbllsberl.Reservessbonld bs made In tue best agricultural districts, and they ahould offer en- couragement to the agriculturist to settle tbera The reserves at present amount to 1,800,000 acres, from whloh the Government ahouldpick out those that ore suitable far agricultural settlement, andinorsass the number of reserves If it wsre necessary. But it was quits a different thing to entering upon a leased run by one or two free selectors. ' If » sufficient number of agriculturists to occupy a run ceuld ba found desirous of doing so, let the run be given up to them, but not for two or three. With regard to mineral landa, thar» waa a necessity of aome provision by wbich the discoverer of a mine would receive some reward for bis , discovery. Th» neaeaslty of some law to guide the miaeral lands had prevented tnnch capital from being investod in working the mineral landa of the colony. Hs warned th» honorable member tba*, in tbroo yoars hs wonld dis- cover the error of free s»teotton,ha waahad bi» banda of it. Mr.JOHN80N moved tha adjournment of the debate until Tuesday next. - ' ' Mr. WANT sscondod the motion. Mr. ROBERTSON look oxosptlon to the oourse; he considered it was hopalasa to think, they would ever get through tha Bill, unless they Tiers prepared to sit later (Ten o dook.) Ha thought they ought to sit a few boura'longer. H» would divide th» Housa os th» motion for adjournment ; it was bis doty to proas th« HUI forward, and fae would do ao.. . , 7-°* HO-JS» divided «ju th» motion for tba adjournment of tha débet» w",th th» following result : ""'Ayes IS.' * Mr- E. Deas.Thomson ' Dr. Douglass BerryK.'- - Mr. Merewether , Johnson , , Towna ... . '.'Want',';,;" ' '. '- Mitchell Robey'- ,-.:. < .. :-Captain Lamb Alexander i e'^..| , Mr.Dooker Park->T ,.,.Comrie -, Isaacs - ...... .. .iv ... . J'..'-!,'-'- ' ' '- Noea'6. J . -- - ') Kr. Robertson . Mr. Byrnsa ' T'." Hargrave 'M y ? r. -.Oaks» ,, Russell , . : ,'.;' ; ;- , CB,OWN L*.NDS OCCUPATION BILL. ' - ? ? On tbe order of tba day being read .for the resumption of th» \- debate on tba-secon J reeding of this Bill, . Mr. DEAS THOMSON., moved that the debate be adjourned until Tuesday next. Thc motion was agreed to.. . ... ENFORCEMENT OP CLAIMS AGAINST THE CROWN BILL. Thia Bill was recommitted for the purpose of correcting a typo- graphical error. Tb» CHAIRMAN reported tb» Bill with an amendment, and tha adoption of the report waa fixed for Tuesday next. BABRISTER'S ADMISSION ACT AMENDMENT BILL. Tbs report on this Bill waa adopted, and the third reading fixed /or Tuesday next. ' Th» Hons» adjourned, at twenty-five minutas past ten, anti) lour o'clock on Tuesday next. . . . 