CHINA. We have papers from Hong Kong to the 12th of "September. Ih & Overland China Mail of that date, adverting to the death of the Emperor, says : In the far north of his vast empire, where he fled for safety from the hands of man, and the destroying angel had fallen upon him, and secured him within the bonds of death ; surrounded by the mural rocks of Tartary, and within the walls of Zehol, this mighty ruler has succumbed in the flower of his youth, and a nation of 400,000,000 is cast into mourning. Where now are the vauntings of this imperious prince, who spumed the contact of British power Where are his predictions that tho "barbarian" armie3 of Albion and Gaul would be swallowed up by the frigid elements of a northern winter, or the calo rific blasts of summer ? Like a second Nicholas, he has been the first to succumb ; and as the stand ard of England waved triumphantly on the Crimean shore, while the Autocrat of all the Russia s gave up the ghost, so the same flag now flutters in the hot monsoon from the lands ceded and conceded to British power, while the Emperor of the great Cen tral Flowery Kingdom and its many tributary prin cipalities, lies cold and stiff within his .. hunting palaces on the northern frontier. Peace to" his ashes ! It is not the custom of Englishmen to crow over a fallen foe, therefore let us leave the contem plation of ench an important event in the political history of Chinese Fatherland to the future, when the people amongst whom we have taken' up our' abode, and in whom our oliief interests are centred," have passed over tho days of mourning, and inau gurated the reign of a new Emperor. Happily, the people are optimists of the most practical land, and believe in the doctrine that "whatever is, is right" This' .belief-! is vastly convenient for the ruling powers ; and as "a matter of inevitable necessity, the nation sees in the demise of .the Emperor the des tiny of the Celestial Kingdom rolling on in the course.of time, ias itiaa done for the last ten thou sand years. The will of the deceased Hien Fung not having yet been 'made public, the name of his successor is still unkriown. althbugh it is probable that he has . made choice among his three nearest relations, viz., his infant, son, , the brother who was wrth him in the last illness, and his brother Prince. Kung, now in Pekin. In'the event of his infant sori'being nomi- ted, there will be a regency, and the foreign policy of tfye nation will most . probably continue pacific.; in the avent of Prince Rung's accession .to thq su preme rule the same result may be expected ; but as regards the brother who accompanied his late Majesty to the Yehei, it is not so certain that his inclinations are likely to be peacefuL As a politi cal event,- the death of Hein Fung cannot be greatty regretted by any party. The documents which came to light during our campaign in the North, showed that he' kept himself in a state of complete isolation from business, and could only be approached by his advisers in the mo3t delicate manner, even when the affairs of the Empire had come to a Berions crisis. It is quite reasonable to suppose that under a new ruler the government of China may volun tarily adopt a more liberal policy, and accept foreign intercourse as an accomplished fact which it is use less as well as impolitic to disturb, or in any way endeavour to unsettle. . ... The Overland Trade Report of the 11th states that the restrictions which were placed upon fo reigners -visiting Pekin appear to have been removed, ana many parties are preparing to visit that capital "Upon the whole, foreign anair3 wear a somewhat improved appearance. The import trade ih British manufactures at Tientsin is highly satisfactory, but there is no export trade, and the rigour of the cli mate is much complained of; extreme heat in summer, and intense cold in winter. Forfivemonths the place is frozen up. At Yingtsze (the Port of Newchwang), there is not much prospect of a large trade. The country is poor, producing only peas, pulse, etc., which, by a clause in the treaty, cannot be exported in foreign bottoms— so that ships going there nave to return in ballast. Besides this there are several drawbacks — the climate has all the objections to which Tientsin is subject— the river is shallow and ill-adapted for navigation, and it is frozen up in winter. An irregular, though a large trade has been con ducted for some time at Cheefoo, both in opium and manufactured goods — the only exports having been pulse, etc. Tho trade is now on the wane, not only from its having fallen into direct and legitimate channels, but from the circumstance of transit fees having been suddenly levied, which have stopped the trade. On the Yangtszekiang, trade appears to he thriv ing famously. Embezzlement. — James C. Vote, recently clerk of petty sessions, at Ncwstend, is charged, on war rant, with misappropriating- public money at New- stead, on tho 12th instant. He is an Englishman, 28 years of age, 5jfcet 0 or 7 inches high, stout build, round features, fresh complexion, dark hair and whiskers, tho latter cut in military style, and pug nose, wears pants and boots, dark coat, and some times a drab billycock, hat, or belltopper. .Sup posed to have gone to Ararat. The Late Frost. — We learn that the recent frost has more seriously damaged the crops than was thought some days ago. We hear that the greater portion of the oat crop, in addition to the w heat, has been destroyed by the frost, and the damage is estimated ut £100,000 instead of £50,0(12. In va rious parts of the country, the wheat is being cut down for hay, and persons who thought their crops had escaped uninjured, find that they aro sufferers like their neighbors,— ii'tar. 