SHOCKING DEATH OF A DRUNKARD ON yesterday (Friday,) at 3 o'clock, an inquest was held at the Black Bull Inn, on the body of John Burns, aged about 21, whose death took place at Mockett's Mill, Howick-street, under most distressing circumstances. The first witness examined was John Roberts, who deposed that he was a miller in the employment of Mrs. Mockett ; went to his work at a quarter to one o'clock on the morning of the 3rd instant, and observed deceased, who was very drunk, lying in what is called the fire-hole ; having occasion to clear out the ashes, witness desired him to move away, but received in reply a volley of curses ; pushed him against the steps, and proceeded with his duties ; observed deceased lying in the same position until near 4 o'clock, at which time the engine was stopped for the purpose of oiling, &c.; ; after ten minutes duration it was started again, and witness went to and from the mill many times ; shortly after heard a crash, and supposing that a wheel had broken, proceeded to the engine room ; the engine was then stopped ; observing a hat lying between the fly-wheel and the engine, presumed that the man whom he saw at the fire-hole had wandered to the engine-room, and became entangled in the machinery ; went for assistance, and on returning found the deceased lying between the fly-wheel and eccentric rod ; the mitre-wheels of the engine were displaced ; did not observe Burns go in to the engine-room. William Roberts was next examined, but his evidence was merely a corroboration of that given by his son. Richard Machattie, a legally qualified medical practitioner deposed to having made a post mortem examination of the body of deceased. Found the right leg, nearly torn off at the knee, the femur protruding 5 or 6 inches ; the bones and flesh of the left leg were very much crushed; there was a severe wound over the right ileum and a considerable portion of the back part of the head was torn off, exposing the skull ; administered stimulants, and had deceased removed to the Hospital, but he died before arriving there ; considered death to have arisen from the injuries described. The Coroner having summed up the evidence, the jury returned a verdict to the effect, "that the deceased John Burns died from injuries received by getting entangled in the machinery at Mockett's Mill, whilst in a state of intoxication." The unfortunate subject of the preceding enquiry was well known in Bathurst, having been brought up as the son of the late Mr. Maurice Hayes, who, at his death, left the lad a sum of money which, if it had been properly applied, was quite sufficient to have started him comfortably in life; but having fallen into bad company, the money was very soon squandered, and he became lost to all sense of decency and propriety. During the last two years he has been principally engaged in working out upon the public streets the sentences passed upon him by the Bench of Magistrates as the penalty of dissipation. He had not been long released from durance vile when the accident occurred which has closed his earthly career. Presbyterian. — We learn that the " Bush Services" in connection with St. Stephen's Scots' Church will in future be held on the first Sabbath of the month in place of the last, and to-morrow the Rev. Mr. Hogg will hold Divine Service at 3 o'clock, p.m. in the house of Mr. Roberts, O'Connell Plains. ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.—We understand that the line to Mudgee is now complete, and it is anticipated that the station at that place will be open for the transaction of business about Wednesday next. It it also expected that communication with Sofala will be opened towards the end of next week. VICTORIA ASSEMBLY ROOMS.— On Wednesday evening last Madame Stevenson gave one of her very pleasing entertainments in the above rooms to a tolerably large and fashionable audience. The amusements commenced with the petite comedy of " Delicate Ground, " the part of Madame Sangfroid being sustained by Madame Stevenson with great effect; Messrs. Stevenson and Richardson also coming in for a fair share of applause. The second part of the entertainment consisted of a vocal and instrumental concert, in the course of which some beautiful ballads were sung by Madame Stevenson, whom nature has gifted with a very fine voice. Mr. Richardson's performances on the English concertina elicited loud applause, and his imitation of the bagpipes was excellent. The entertainment concluded with the musical burletta of "Why don't she marry ." We understand that an entirely new programme is in preparation for this evening. JOURNALISM IN THE FAR WEST.— The Mudgee Newspaper of the 27th ultimo, modestly, records that which would be considered by many persons as its own decease. The proprietor, in a lugubrious leader, states the fact of his having arrived at the conclusion that two newspapers in Mudgee "won't pay ;" consequently he has sold out to the " Ghost ;" and although reluctantly retiring from the chair, pledges himself (magnanimously) to watch over the interests of the people. ORANGE.— A communication from a correspondent at Orange, informs us that there is a great amount of sickness in the town. He states that Mrs. Weily was buried on the same day he wrote, and that Mr. Weily and his third child were lying dangerously ill, the eldest child being also bedfast ; so that one only of the whole family (a boy of 7 years) was able to follow the mother's corpse to the grave. THE WEATHER.— Suddenly, "Old Winter is come with its cold chilling, blast" to Bathurst. Not a full fortnight previous to yesterday the weather was all that—for this time of the year — could be desired. Though the nights were cold and frosty, the days were genial and warm ; but yesterday morning it was evident from the thick cloudy evening on the mountains in the direction of the Fish River, that snow was falling on the highland. About 12 o'clock the squall had approached and spread over the town. Rudiments of snow, accompanied with a keen wind drove the ladies homeward, and advised the gentlemen to get into their great coats. In two hours, however, the storm was observed to travel westwards, leaving the town a little 'sloppy' and the atmosphere most piercing cold. A List of the number of Trials at the Bathurst Quarter Sessions during the year 1860, stating nature of each offence and distinguishing the convictions from the acquittals. FELONS — NATURE OF OFFENCE. Convts. Acq'tls. Stealing in a Dwelling-house .... 6 3 Stealing from the person ..... 2 1 Feloniously wounding ..... 1 1 Horse-stealing ...... 5 6 Cattle-stealing ............... 4 4 Breaking and entering a Dwelling House and Larceny ..... 2 2 Attempt to commit Arson ...... 1 0 Larceny......... 16 9 Larceny (Bailment Act) ...... 1 0 Forgery ........ 1 0 Uttering a forgery...... 1 0 Arson.. ........................... 0 1 Burglary.... 1 0 Receiving ..... 1 0 Total felonies... 42 26 MISDEMEANORS. Unlawfully wounding ..... 6 0 Attempting to vote a second time at an election ..... 0 1 Obtaining goods by false pretences 3 0 Exhibiting Miners Right, not his own ....................... 0 2 Negligent escape ........ 1 0 Forcible entry ................ 0 1 Total misdemeanors .... 9 4 Total felonies and misdemeanors 51 30 A List of the number of prisoners tried at the general Quarter Sessions of the Peace, holden at Bathurst during the year 1860, and the benches at which they were committed for trial :— Bathurst 26, Orange 14, Mudgee 8, Carcoar 6, Sofala 5, Hartley 5, Stoney Creek 5, Molong 4, Ryalstone 2, Tambaroora 2, Windeyer 2, Wellington 1, Dubbo 1. Total trials 81. DEATH BY FIRE.— On Thursday last an inquest was held at Rainville, before G. Busby Esq., coroner, on the body of Thomas Macnamara, aged 4 years, who came by his death from injuries received on the 24th ultimo:- It appears that the unfortunate child, whose parents were away from home at the time of the accident, was observed on fire by his sister, who extinguished the flames by covering him with a frock, but the injuries received were so severe that he lingered until Tuesday last, when death put an end to his suffering. The Jury returned a verdict in accordance with the facts. COACH ACCIDENT. — Yesterday morning Mr. Minehan's coach left Bathurst for Sofala at the usual hour, and when running down the hill to Cheshire's Creek, one of the pole chains broke assunder, and in consequence of the erratic motion of the coach, the horses were frightened and became unmanageable. The coach came in contact with a tree near the road, the coachman was thrown from his seat and one of his legs injured; one of the passengers, a Mr. Allen, was also injured, but we hope not seriously. The leading horses escaped into the bush, and the coachman drove on to the Wyagdon Hotel, from whence, a paessenger was at once despatched to Dr. Machattie, who gave such directions and furnished such medicines as he deemed necessary. 