: CITY POLICE COURT. Friday. 13th December. (Beforo Mr. Sturt.) Dhun-kenness.— William Smith, William Carloo, John Hogan, James Boyle, Thomas Cranby, and Robert Hare were fined 5s each. iMi.vob Offences.— John Davis, charwd with disorderly conduct in Little Bourke street, wbb dismissed witli a caution. — Ellen Hartigan, for making use of obsceno language, was discharged with a strong caution. — John Curtis, charged with vagrancy, was detained in jau, being unable to appear in court. - RoBBEaY fboji the Pebsox.— Mary Ann Barker was brought up on . warrant by Detec tive Seabridge, charged with stealing L2 and a deposit receipt for L100 on tho Oriental Hank from tho person of a man named Jones. The prosecutor not being present, the Bench re manded tho prisoner until Monday.— Ellon Cullen was charged with stealing from tho person of Thomas Wilkinson, a chemist, resid ing m Drummond street, Carlton. The prose cutor deposed that on the' previous night, about twelve 0 clock, he was in company with the prisoner, at Cooper's hotel, in Stephen street, lie missed the handkerchief produced from his pocket. Tlio prisoner Baid that alio had picked up tho handkerchief from tho floor, where it had been dropped by the prosecutor. Consta ble Kecno deposed that when lie arrested the pnsoner, ho found her lying on the sofa with tho handkerchief over her face. Tho property was not concealed. The prisoner was die- olmrged. BuiiGLiitY. — .Tames Brown was charged with breaking into tho Victoria hotel, in Lonsdale street. Alexander Bishop, landlord of tlio hotel, deposed that he locked up his house aoout two o'clock in the morning, and romainod up until three o clock to lot in some of the boarders. About seven o'clock lie was awoko by tho constable, and informed that the house had been broken open. Tho back bar had boon prised open with a chisel, and the burglar must havo got oyer tho back gate. Ho identified two coats, a pair of boots, and a. life- preserver, as bis property. About . twenty-five shillings were taken from tlio till, and witness also missed another coat which had not been re- coyered. The two bottles of brandy produced, which had been found in tho possession of tho prisoner, wore the property of witness. Mar- garot Power, servant in the Viotoria hotel, deposed that she got up at half-past five that morning. She looked in . tho bar and found tho two tills open, and that tho window cqnueoting the bar. with tho back passage had boon . forced open with a cliiseh winch waa lying cloao by. John Cassells, constable A 139, deposed to seeing the prisonpr in company with another man come out of an unoccupied house in Ltitrobe street, ab6ut"teri miuulea to- five. o'clock that morning. "Witness followed him, and found the nrtiehs produced, which had been identified by the prosecutor, ill his pos session. Ho hnd n noddy bound round his wrist, and two bottles of brandy in his pockets. The prisoner was committed for trial. Stealing a Mantle. — Grace Smith, an old woman, was charged oil remind , from t lib previous day, witii -stealing a mantle. John Green deposed to having followed the prisoner for somo distance, and to seeing hor come from tho house where the mantle was stolen. The Bench found the prisoner guilty, and6he was sentenced to three mouths' imprisonment. KEErixa a Disoedeely House.— Frederick Wilson was charged with keeping a disorderly house, situated in Russell street. Sir. Cook- man. nppl'cd for a rcimind, as he had. had no time to rrceivo initruct-ions for the dcfonce. The Bench granted the application, and re manded the prisoner until the next day, aud admiltod him to bail in one surety of L20. Forgery and Kat.se Pretbsc.es.— James Fowler, law clerk, was brought up on remand char.od with forgery and obtaining money under faleo pretences.- Geo. Godfrey, articled clerk to Mr. Attenborougb, solicitor, said that ho knew tlio prisoner. In tho month of July tlio prisoner introduced himself to witness ns being a negotiator of loans on mortgage of real estate. Witness knew him to bo re spectable, and some transactions passed between tnem. In the month of August the prisoner called again with a died of title, aud left it witli him for a fow days to consider the matter. Tho amount on the deed being L300 witness resolved to lend tlie money, and the registry was previously searched to see that the cstut'o wus unencumbered.. Tlio search was mudo, and proved correct. The prismer came the same afternoon as if prepared to settle. Wiftic's told him that he could not do it that aftcrnoonr Fowler said that Mr. Barnard lmd perfect confidence in witness, mid that lie (Fowler) would bring it to him ready executed. Witness gnve him the deed. Fowler came on the following morning and brought the deed ready executed, nnd witness then gave him 11 cheque on the Bank of New South Wales for L80 16s. He thought that it was about the 23rd of August. Tho mortgage wes registered and placed in the Bank of Australasia. Tlio amount advanced was L100, less interest, nt the rate of 15 per cei t. per annum, and four guineas costs. Witness obtained a warrant for the apprehension of the prisoner. Harvov Edward Combo deposed that I10 wa's a solicitor at Geclong. Knew Leatiierdalc and Barrand. Produced the conveyance of portion No. 9 of section 3, parish of Bellcrine, county of Grant, du'ei 7th March, 1861, made between Jnmoi Leatherdale of the first port and Eidred Barrand of the second part, und Brnnsley Fox of tho third part, who was made a party to it for the purpose of producing the Crown grant. Witness attested the oririnsl deed'; it hnd been in bis possession ever since. The signature on the deed produced purporting to be his. was a forgery. Henry Krone, noting registrar of the Supremo Court, said that the signature on tho deed produced was his. Ho was in the habit of signing on Mr. Vernon's initials, and the initials on the deed led him to sign it. James Leatherdale said that ho was n farmer at Bellcrine. Ho sold n piece of land to Mr. Barrand, 160 acres of section 9 block 3, at Bellerinc, county of Grant, nnd executed a conveyance. Did not think that tho signatnro on tho conveyance and bill of snlo was his. Could swear that lie only si-mod one conveyance to Mr. Barrand, which was in Mr. Combe's hands. Eidred Barrand, "a farmer at Bellcrine, deposed to having pur chased some land from the last witness. Tlio signature on tlio mortgage produced was not his: Never saw the prisoner before in his life, and never signed any authority for Fowler to receive a mortgage from Godfrey. Edward Vernon, a clerk in (lie Registrar. Goneral a oflice and commissioner for verify- ing memorials, deposed that tho initials on the deed wore not written by him. Did not know whether there wus any memorial of that dood in tlio office. Georgo Henry Beaumont, a house agent, deposed that. in the month of March of tlio present vear bo was clerk to Mr. Combe, solicitor, Geelong. The signature to the deed produced was not iu his liand- Thomas Elder Bnyd,' teller at the Colonial Bank, remembered receiving a cheque for L80, wliieli was paid . to tbo credit of Mr. - George Guyntt by James Fowler. Watson Gray, lcdger-keeper nt the Bank of New South Wales, produced George Godfrev'e cheque for LSO 16s. It came through the Colonial Bunk, and was dated 23rd August 1861\. The prisoner, who reservod his de fence, was committed for trial. There was another charge preferred against thomrisonor for obtaining L350 from Mr. Michael Levy on a forged conveyance for four houses at the corner of Stephen nnd F1 nders street, pur porting to bo executed by Mr. Trigs', a landed proprietor. Mr. Levy and Mr. Trigs wero both examined ; the former deposed that the pnsonor woo introduced to "him as a most exemplary young man thoroughly to be relied on, and lie advanced him the money. Mr. Trigs said, that tlio signature to tho convey ance produced wus not his. On tlio npplicn- tion. of Detective Blaok, tho prisoner was re manded for'seyen days on this charge. Savans on Mont Blanc.— Five Gorman savans, and among them Professor Pitchncr, are at present in tho midst of the ice noar the summit of Mont Blanc. They hare not suffered from tho cold, . having taken all necessary precautions to guarantee themselves against it, but they have sus tained great inconvenience from' the atmo sphere, and cannot succeed in satisfying their thirst Tlioy foek with them abundnneo or provisions, but could not ent without, pain, and only desired to drink. As a protection against tbo reflection of tho sun on tho snow they wear a covering over the faco, but their features havo become so blistered that thoy can scarcely be recognised. According to the last accounts, they would not be able to. live long nt tlip hoi.-lit at whieh they are with out being subject to great changes, physical and moral. They took up wit!? them some animals, whioh have also suffered greatly; 0 cat was mcapablo ol making any movomont, and a dog for some days had ceased to bark, oomo pigeons appeared to 6ufler less. An Equivalent for the : Lachlan Stampede.— Wo understand that ' la-ge numbers of minora from the southorn and other goldfickh, who started with the niton- tion of making tho Lachlan, have " pulled up" at iaokandnndoh, where they liovo set ipto work ; and several other parts of tlio Ovens district liuvo received similar accessions of population. In tlio face of tho present state of mining matters on tlio Laolikn, we have no doubt but tlmt our mining population will re ceive a large and permanent addition from tho crowds who are reported to be journeying to the new El Dorado from ovory quurtor. For tunately on tlio Ovens there ie " room enough for all, and it is very likely that, after all, many of those who lmd begun to regard thoir coming lntlierward as a most 'unfortunate trip, may aftor a short lime bo induced to look upon their arrival thus fur on tlio road to tbo Lachlan with poculiar satisfaction.— Ovens and Murray Advertiser, 12th DoeamW l.nf . i u Some ingenious rhymer has placed tlio following soj-mgs in poetic order, tho opposito in juxtaposition :— As wot ns a fish — as dry as u bone ; As live as a bird — as dead as a stone ; As plump as a partridge— as poor as a rat ; As Btrong as a horse— us weak as a eat;- - As hard as a flint-as soft as n .mole ; As white as a lily — as blaok as a coal ; Aa plain as a pikestaff— as rough- as a boar ; Ab tight as a drum — as fr<c as the air As heavy as lead— as light as a feather; As stoady as time— uncortain as weather ; Aa hot as an ovon— ns cold as a frog As gay as u lark — as sick as a dog ; ' As slow as a tortoise— as swift astho wind ; As true as the gospel — as false as mankind ; - As thin as a herring — ns fat as a pi" ; As proud as a peacock — as blue as agrig ; ' f: As savage as tigers— as mild as a dove; i v,'8?9 8 Poker— a» limp as a glove;' . As blind as a bat — as deaf as a post ; As cool as a oueumber— as warm oa a toast i As rod as a cherry— as pale as : a ghost.: ; ,- 