THE CHATHAM REVOLT. [From the Times.] On Sunday morning, while the good people of this metropolis were at their prayers, a very un- ' pleasant scene was enacted at no great distance, j A gang of desperate conspirators had plotted | an outbreak of which murder and arson were but the preliminaries. Their next step would have been to let loose upon the country nearly a thousand ruffians. On the other side, forest warned by secret intelligence and prepared for instant action, stood a strong force of men, armed to the teeth, and ready to deal death around them at the first signal from their leaders. They were supported by 300 soldiers, and the collision, if it had actually occurred, must have been something more frightful than has been witnessed for many a year in this peaceful kingdom. It is terrible, indeed, to read of the preparations by which the crisis was attended. Rifled, instead of being loaded with ball, were charged with buckshot, to render the effect more murderous. Men were stationed in positions from which they could sweep a whole gallery with their fire, and search every corner with musketry. There was to be no warning or temporising, as in ordinary riots. Humanity, under such circumstances, was best shown in un- hesitating action, and the first symptoms of disturbance would have been smothered by a volley. Happily, these preparations were so formidable as to prevent the outbreak, and the catastrophe has been escaped. All this occurred at Chatham, in the convict prison. Mr. Charles Dickens, in his new tale is venturing attractively on this yet untrodden ground of fiction, and many readers will now obtain some insight into the character of a convict establishment some years since. Chatham, however, is one of our model institutions, far superior, as we hope, to the hulks of times gone by, and as these places are now managed it is difficult to believe that the inmates could have been driven to revolt either by the severity of the original sentence, or by aggravations experienced at the hands of their gaolers. Nevertheless, for several weeks past the convicts at Chatham have been more or less in mutiny, and, though the first outbreaks were effectually suppressed, and followed by proceedings judiciously attempted, the spirit of rebellion has been active ever since. A few days ago it became known to the Governor of the prison that a certain number of the convicts had conspired to fall upon the warders at a preconcerted opportunity, release the whole body of the prisoners, upwards of 900 in number set fire to the building, and effect their escape. This outbreak was averted for the time by the arrangements we have described, but on Sunday the attempt was to be renewed, and again, therefore, the precautions were renewed also. It seems scarcely probable that, after these repeated miscarriages, the conspirators should persevere in their designs, or that the authorities of the prisons, after so many warnings, should be taken at a disadvantage. Of danger, therefore, there is perhaps little fear, but so formidable, and we may add so extraordinary, a plot, deserves strict enquiry and anxious consideration. investigations, indeed, were promptly set on foot after the first disturbances, but if they have resulted in any material discovery it has not been made known. Nobody can be surprised at the desire of a prisoner to escape from his prison, and if that had been the chief object of the revolters there would be nothing very strange about the case It is seldom, however, that escapes are planned by wholesale, and the proceeding of the convicts, from first to last, show distinctly that other motives were at work among them. They professed at the outset to have grievances. Even convicts have their customary rights, according to their own conceptions, and the prisoners at Chatham alleged that their dietary was insufficient, their task-work excessive, and the conduct of their keepers inhuman. Some of these complaints could be tested at once, but, as far as we are aware, the charges were not established. We did, indeed, observe that some of the warders received their dismissal, and that certain changes in the administration of the prison were notified, but these facts were not inconsistent with the report that inefficiency, rather than harshness of discipline, had been the fault actually discovered. We were informed that a portion of the convicts at Chatham had recently been removed from an establishment not regulated with equal judgment; that the convicts and keepers thus imported had brought with them had habits, or habits which appeared bad when contrasted with the better usuages prevailing at Chatham, and that this was the leaven which produced the ferment. The old hands did not like the new system, and, as no prisoner can be supposed to be enamoured of his position, it was easy work to convert sub- missive suffering into vindictive discontent. That seems to be the only explanation of the affair yet obtained The disturbances commenced as such proceedings are usually commenced by all unreasoning and restless agents by prisoners in a gaol, by mutineers aboard ship, or by " ghosts " in a haunted garret. The convicts made all kinds of useless and objectionable noises, they threw their mess traps about, they shrieked and yelled in their cells until the uproar became hideous, they kicked against their doors, and vented their destructiveness on everything within reach. Presently they attacked the warders, and a few weeks ago they actually succeeded for a short time in getting command of the prison. That revolt, however, was put down, severe punishment followed, and it will be seen from our report this morning that the time was thought to have arrived for a discriminative amnesty, when on a sudden the rebellion breaks out once more. It appears to us that the most remarkable feature in the whole affair is this persistence in hopeless revolt. We can understand the beginning of the business according to the current version of the story, but, besides that the design had palpably miscarried, it must be observed that the ringleaders had been removed. One by one, or group by group, the presumed instiga- tors of the outbreak have been taken off the scene. There was a razzle made some weeks ago, and yet the riot occurred ten days back. On that occasion four more of the " ringleaders " were arrested, but the riot was nevertheless renewed; and, though two more were afterwards selected and confined, it does not seem that order is permanently restored, or that the authorities of the establishment are removed from apprehension. | This we cannot comprehend. The prison by this time should surely have been purged of its worst a elements, and, if the mischief was owing to a bad leave, that leaves we should think must have been worked out. It will be seen that a most elaborate classification of the prisoners has been made, and that every man's history is known. It seems also that the really desperate characters form, as might be expected, only a small minority, and yet the subordination of the establishment appears as distant as ever. Y\rhat renders the case still more extraordinary is, that men of this class are rarely deficient in the faculty of estimating circumstances, and it must needs be clear to them that their schemes have no chance of success. It would be natural, no doubt, to conclude that they are acting under the influence of despair, and that a few such irreclaimable characters can always create an insurrectionary spirit in a community composed of sufferers. Perhaps this is about the truth of the matter, but it will be remarked that even the worst criminals of all have not been left absolutely without hope, while the others have been provided with powerful motives for good behaviour. We trust that enquiry may throw some light upon the matter, and that the results will be made known. It is not a case in which it is necessary to presume any errors of system, for neither good conduct nor resignation can be altogether expected of offenders under punishment ; but the obstinacy of the spirit displayed at Chatham bespeaks either some strange phases of convict character, or some fresh difficulties in a convict management. A general reduction of the district seems to us the readiest means of producing submission. 