Ufa riff us. CURIOUS SAYINGS OF THE MODERNS. Richard Giblet said of a mean fellow who had turned Catholic, "He's done it to save meat twice a week." King Hudson is ill the habit of saving, whenever he is apprised of another accident, " Well, accidents will occur on the best regulated railways!" It was a favourite saying of AVilbcrforce'p, or Deaf Burke's—'" The man who pledges ltis health too often, will soon be left with nothing else to pledge." Lord Londonderry, when ot Frankfort, sent )iis servant to the English "chapel to engage four of the beit places in a front row for him. 'When lie applied for them, the gentleman at the door said to liim, " You have made a mistake, my lord; the theatre is on the other side of the way." There was a number of reductions in the king's household at the time the Duke of Hordeaux was born. Talleyrand went about, saying thai the duke was to be christened " Louis litcetera." "Why Etcetera r" every oue asked. " Why, don't you see they will save six names by it?" answered the witty diplomatist. Dando, the celebrated oyster-eater, was sometimes very facetious. He has been heard to say—"The l>oets I relish most are Crabbc, Milton, and* Shelley. Whenever I open them, I am sure to find sometliing to my liking." He would also say," I never had more than one enemy, but I always went in and bearded him," alluding to his great enemy, the oyster, lie retained his faculties to the last. Being asked on his death-bed what he should like, he said, " Just a dozen Natives of Paris." Prince Albert was blaming a little boy at Eton for not having learnt more at his age. " It's not my fault, sir," replied the young dunce, " for we have a holiday every time a prince is born." " Thank you, sir," said a poor woman to Rothschild, who had just given her a penny ; " may it be returned to you a hundred-fold!" "Why, that's cent, per cent.!" exclaimed the great capitalist, and he ran after the woman to give her another penny. Mrs. Gore said of the Dowager Countess of Lushington, who had a great reputation for painting, that whenever she wanted to wash her face, she was obliged to go to a shop in AYardour-street where they cleaned old paintings. Il was the Examiner who compared O'Connell to a kite, saving he never would have risen so ltigh, if it had not been for the length of his " tail." At the lime Lord John Russell was defeated in two elections, an anonymous admirer sent him a sixpenny drum, with the inscription, " I am beaten ou both sides." " Such' is the fashion in Ireland to register vows," writes a correspondent of the Blarney Independent, " that all the patriot's dogs have registered their bowroirs." Cooper and Diddear were talking in the green-room about immortality. " We must not flatter ourselves," said the long-established Ghost in Samlet, " for immortality is very much liko tliis play-bill; our names may be before the public in large letters to night—but where is it to-morrow ?—mingled with the saw-dust!" " l't is very true," replied the representative of famished fathers, "we are like the gas which shines brightly during the night, but is turned off the following morn' ing to pass its days in obscurity!" Adam Smith was at times very absent. He was told he had sent a letter to a lady unsealed. He called on her the following day, and said, " Jly dear madam, I have brought YOU the wafer I forgot to put in your letter." Judge Brown used to do a little discounting. He was in the habit of saying, "Friendship may be a name, but it is one I have never seen yet—at the back of a bill." The celebrated Rajah Ramhobbedclioy was asked, when he returned to India, what he thought of En- gland. "Oh, it's a very fine country," replied the Hindoo Rajah, " spoilt by a number of live widows." Mr. Richard Dunn says that love is the madness of the many for the gain of a few. CONVERSATION IN THE BACKWOODS. Traveller: Hollo! Etranger, how do you Bell your butter ? Settler: I doesn't sell it, Trm>.: What! do you lend it ? Sell.: No. Trav.; You make a swop of it, then ? Sett.: No. Traz..- Oh, I see, you give it for nothing, then ? Sett: No. Trav.; What do you do with it, then? Sell..- I neither Bells, nor lends, nor swops, much IOSB gives my butter to any num. Trail.: Why not, stingy ? Selt.Cos, stupid, I aru't got none. MODEBK STKTAX.—An editor, recording the career of a mad dog, say?:—" We are grieved to say that the rabid animal, before it could be killed, severely bit Dr. Hart, and several oilier dogs." An advertisement announces, " For sale, an excellent young horse—would suit any timid lady or gentleman, with a long silver tail." A newspaper, jmnouncing the wrecking of a vessel, says, ."The only passengers were T. B- Nathan, who owned three-fourths of the cargo, and the captain's tcife." The editor of a Western paper obserres, "The poem we publish in this week's Herald was written by an esteemed friend—-now for many gears in tie grave for his own. amusement." The editor of an Eastern newspaper expresses great indignation at the manner in which a woman was buried who committed suicide. He says, "She was buried like a dog, with her clothes on." THE GABTEB.—About the year 1344, according to some, but in the year 1350, on the authority of Stowe, the celebrated Order of the Garter was founded. If we may put faith in an old fable, it originated in tho Countess of SalisbatT having danced her stockings down ata court ball; when the king seeing her garter dangling at her heels, took hold and gave it to her, exclaiming, " Hani soil qui maly pense," which was a cut at some females who pretended to be shocked ot the incident. Their smothered exclamations of " Well, I'm sure!" " Upon my word!" .and " Well, really, I never! Did you ever !" were thus playfully rebuked by Edward the Third, who afterwards made the words we have quoted the motto of the Order. We need scarcely tell our readers in this enlightened • age, that Jloni aoit vui mul y pense, is equivalent to saying that tliose who see harm in an innocent act, derive from themselves .all the evil that presents itself. , A CARRARA DISUEB TO DELTCACTES.—An officer of the'United States squadron in the Chinese seas gives the following bill of fere at a large Chinese dinner, to which be, with numerous other foreigners, was invited:—"X. Bird'e-nest-soup. 2. Pork fat, fried with potatoes. 3. Hogs' hoofs. 4. Mushrooms, stewed. 5. Bird's nest salad. 6. Giblet soup. 7. K,t!ea hash. 8. Fried Irish potatoes. 9. Rat hash. XO, Tea: IL Sharks', fins. , 12. Fried ducks. 13 Dog Btew. 14 Stewed chickens. 15. Ham stew. lS.Portjfitew. Eriedcacumbers. 18. Pate of rats. 13 Feline Ragout. 20. Ham stewed with port. 21: Suddngpig. 22. -Snailpate. 23. Snail soup. I : tastod;thefli6tdislvand became so disgusted Oat I c5ul4iiot prpoeed. - Thej wa^ brought, on, one dish '.at a ihne,iriexquisite!y beautiful thins bowls.". •iS 