FOURTEEN YEARS WITH THE ABORI GINES. THERE is at present living in the town of Brisbane, Queensland, Mr. James Davies, a man of some sub- stances now, but whose former life, was passed in great hardship, privation, and adventure. There is probably no man living who is better able to give information respecting the manner's and customs of the Australian blacks, but he has usually been very taciturn on the point. Dr. Lang, however, seems to have overcome this reluctance, as appears by the following extract from his new work on Queensland :– James Davies is a son of a Scotch blacksmith, who followed his calling first in the Old Wynd, and after- wards at the Broomielaw, in the city of Glasgow, about forty years ago. The father brought up his son to his own business, but the latter turned out a bad character, and was transported to New South Wales, per the ship Minstrel, in the year 1824, being only sixteen years of age at the time. His transportation, however, does not seem to have reformed him in any degree, for he was again transported for some colonial misdeed to the penal settlement at Moreton Bay. He was there employed at the forge, along with another young man in similar circumstances. The commandant at Moreton Bay at that period was Captain Logan, of the 57th regi- ment, who, being very zealous in the cause of geographical discovery, and, accustomed to take long solitary excursions into the wild bush, was at length unfortunately murdered by the black natives, probably in revenge for some act of aggres- sion committed upon themselves by one or other of the convicts under his charge. Captain Logan was a strict and rather severe disciplinarian, and so liberal in the application of the lash, that Davies and his companions, fearing that it might shortly be their turn to be flogged, although they had never been punished in the settle- ment, absconded, and "took to the bush." Proceeding to the northward, they soon fell in with a numerous tribe of black natives, by whom they were kindly received, and treated with the utmost hospitality ; Davies being recog- nised as one of their own number, who had died, or been killed some time before, returned to life again, Davies is by no means good-looking as a white man ; and I was not surprised at the natives fancying he was a second avatar, or incarnation of one of themselves. The name of the native, whom he was supposed to represent had been Darumboy, and this was thenceforth his native name. The recognition of the supposed rela- tionship was attended, in the first instance, with lamenta- tions, mingled with rejoicing ; and Davies was imme- diately adopted by the parents of Darumboy, who were still alive, and regularly supplied with fish in abund- ance, and any other description of provisions they happened to possess. The tribe in which Davies and his companions were thus naturalised had their usual place of habitation (if such a phrase can be used with propriety in reference to a migratory people, who never stay more than a few nights in any one place), at a con- siderable distance in the interior, although they occa- sionally visited the coast to vary their usual sustenance and mode of life by fishing ; and it was on one of these occasional visits to the coast that Davies was found and brought back to civilised society, as I have already stated, by Mr. Andrew Petrie, after he had been upwards of fourteen years among the natives, and had long given up all thought or expectation of ever returning to the society of civilised men. His companions, however, had in the meantime, and when they had both been only a short period among the natives, fallen a victim to his ignorance of the native superstitions. For the tribe being on the coast, and encamped near some inlet of the sea, where oysters, and other shell fish were abundant, and all that were able being employed in gathering the shell- fish, Davies' companion being in want of a basket or other receptacle for those he had collected, and observing a dilly, or na- tive basket, which is usually formed of a strong native grass, very neatly plaited, hanging in the hollow of a tree close by, he took it down, and finding it con- tained only a quantity of bones, he threw them out, and filled the dilly with oysters. These bones, however, were those of a deceased native of the tribe, which had thus, in conformity with the native usage in such cases, been solemnly deposited in their last rest- ing place; and the deed which the white man had done quite unconsciously in removing them and throwing them out was regarded by the natives as the greatest sacrilege, and punishable only with death. The unfortunate young man was accordingly surprised and killed very shortly thereafter. Davies had, on one occasion, some time thereafter, very nearly fallen a vic- tim himself to the ferocity of the natives. In their natural state they have domesticated the dingo, or native dog of the colony, and every tribe is accompanied in all its wanderings by a number of these creatures, which assist them in hunting the bandicoot and opossum, and which are generally half-starved, lean, and mangy, so that "lean as a blackfellow's dog" is the usual colonial simile for extreme poverty. They are very fond of these animals, however, especially the women, who not infrequently suckle the puppies along with their children. Darumboy's native mother had a favourite of this kind, as is not uncommon among her sex, even in more civilised countries, which Davies by some means accidentally killed. The loss of this animal excited the bad passions of the old savage to the highest degree, and perhaps led her to suspect the reality of the white man's relationship to her family ; for she actually instigated her husband to murder Darum- boy in revenge for the loss of her dog. This, it seems the old man was not indisposed to do ; for, scowling at Davies, and working himself up into a frenzy of passion at him, he told him he was not Duramboy, but Mawgooy a spirit or ghost, which he intended, of course, as a term of great reproach. At all events, Davies saw that his life was no longer in safety, and that his only security lay in putting the old black fellow in bodily fear of him. So being a short, stout, powerful man, he "turned to," as he termed it, and gave the old savage a sound beating — presume with his fists, which he probably learned to use at the Broomielaw, and which even the savage, who had no idea of such close quarters, was not accustomed to use in that way, preferring a stick or a club, like the natives of the Green Isle. Having thus effectually sub- dued the old man, he exerted himself for some time thereafter in procuring a liberal supply of food for the family, and by this means he conciliated their affections once more, and succeededi in keeping the peace. In regard to the word Mawogooy, I may mention, as an additional illustration of the singular diversity of languages among the aborigines of Australia, that it is not known among another tribe of black natives whom Davies visited, considerably further north- ward ; the word there for the ghost of a man being Muther, and for that of a woman Taacan. The synonymn for a ghost in another trlbe which he visited was Balooyeh. I met with Davies quite acci- dentally at a squatter's station, on the Pine River where he arrived on one of the evening I was there, along with four black natives. He was then in the perform- ance of a most benevolent action. For a person of the name of Thomson having gone some time before, along with his wife and three men, in a boat, on an expedition to the northward, where a vessel had been wrecked on the coast,in the expectation of finding something valua- ble at the wreck, and having never returned — there was a report in circulation at Brisbane that the four men had all been murdered by the black natives, and that the woman was still alive among them. Davies had known the parties, and commiserating the case of the poor woman, he had generously offered to pro- ceed to the spot, a distance of about two handred and fifty miles, and to bring her back, or ascertain the truth concerning her. We all felt very much interested in the object ; and as Darumboy struck into the forest, with his gun over his shoulder, and a kangaroo dog in a leash by his side, followed in Indian file by the four blackfellows, I believe each offered a silent prayer to the Almighty for their success. Not to return to the subject, I may add that Davies, having proceeded to the spot where the murder was said to have happened, as- certained that the report had been unfounded — the boat having swamped, and all on board having perished be- fore reaching the land. During his residence among the blackfellows Davies had travelled as far, as he thought, as 500 miles to the northward of Moreton Bay ; being passed along from tribe to tribe, like a blind man soli- citing charity, from one farm house to another, in Scot- land. By every tribe, however, which he visited in his journey, he was uniformly taken for a deceased native returned to life again ; and his arrival among any tribe that had never seen a white man before was generally an event of intense interest to the natives. They would gather around him in a crowd, and gaze at him for a time apparently in silent awe and veneration — endeavouring to discover some likeness between him and any parti- cular deceased native whom they supposed he resembled, asking him whether he was not that native come to life again. And when any such resemblance was recognised, the relatives of the deceased, if not at hand, were ap- prised of the fact and a scene of mingled lamentation and rejoicing, such as one might anticipate in such cir- cumstances, immediately succeeded ; the relations of the deceased native cutting themselves with shells or scarp-, edged weapons, till the blood would stream down, and the supposed dead man come to life again being thence- forth treated with the very best the tribe could furnish. On some occasions, however,the black natives could not discover any resemblance, between the white stranger and any of their deceased friends, and in these cases the onus probandi, in regard to the identity of his per- son, was thrown upon himself, as in such instance he was usually asked who he had been, and what had been his name when he was a blackfellow, and before he died. This was a rather a difficult question for Davies to answer, without getting himself into scrapes, either by betraying his ignorance of the nomenclature of the tribe, or by exhibiting no resemblance to the individual whom he might otherwise have pretended to personise. I could not help admiring, therefore, the ingenuity with which he extricated himself out of this dilemma — for, being naturally remarkably shrewd and intelligent, his uniform answer in such cases was that it was so long since he died that he had quite for- gotten what name he had had when he was a black man and with this answer the simple natives were always satisfied. But the manner in which the aborigines of the northern districts generally dispose of the dead ap- peared to me to be the most important point in which the evidence of Davies could be brought to bear ; and it will doubtless be horrifying to the reader to learn from that evidence, corroborated as it is by independent and un- questionable testimony, that in that part of Queensland, the bodies of the dead, whether they fell in battle or die a natural death, are, with the exception of the bodies of old men and women, uniformly, eaten by the survivors. The fights of the aborigines are frequent and occasionally bloody ; and on such occa- sions the dead, of both parties of the com- batants, are carried on, skinned; roasted, and eaten by their respective friends. Davies had seen as many as ten or twelve dead bodies brought off by one of the parties engaged, after one of these fights, all of which were skinned, roasted, and eaten by the survivors. After the dead body has been subjected to the process of scorching with firebrands, it becomes so very stiff as almost to be capable of standing upright of itself. If the subject happens to be a male, the subsequent part of the process is performed by females ; but if a female, it is performed by males. The body is then extended upon its face, and certain parties, who have been hitherto sitting apart in solemn silence (for the whole affair is conducted with the stillness of a funeral solemnity), step forward,and with a red pigment, which shows very strongly upon the white ground, draw lines down the back and along the arms from each shoulder down to the wrist. These parties then retire, and others, who have previ- ously been sitting apart in solemn silence, step forward in like manner, and with sharp shells cut through the cutis vera, or true skin, along these lines. The entire skin of the body is then stripped off in one piece, includ- ing the ears and the finger nails with the scalp, but not the skin of the face, which is cut off. This whole pro.- cess is performed with incredible expedition, and the skin is then stretched out on two spears to dry, the pro- cess being sometimes hastened by lighting a fire under the skin. Previous to this operation, however, the skin is restored to its natural colour by being anointed all over with a mixture of grease and charcoal. When the body has thus been completely flayed, the dissectors step forward and cut it up. The legs are first cut off at the thighs, then each arm at the shoul- der, and last of all the head ; not a drop of blood ap- pearing during the process. The larger sections are then subdivided and portioned out among the expectant multitude, each of whom takes his portion to one or other of the fires, and when half-roasted devours it with great apparent relish. The flesh of the natives in the northern country generally is very fat, and that of chil- dren, which are never skinned like adults, particularly so. Davies has often seen blackfellow holding his portion of his fellow-creature's dead body to the fire in one hand, on a branch or piece of wood stuck through it like a fork or skewer, with a shell or hollow piece of bark under it in the other, to receive melted fat that dropped from it, and drinking it up when he had caught a sufficient quantity to form a draught with the greatest gusto. In this way the body disappears with incredible rapidity, the bones being very soon cleaned of every particle of flesh. The bones are then carefully, collected and placed in a dilly or basket, and forwarded by a trusty person to all the neighbouring tribes, in each of which they are mourned over successively for a time by those to whom the deceased was known. They are then returned to the tribe to which the deceased be- longed, and carried about by his relatives for months, or even years till at length they are deposited permanently in a hollow tree, from which it is esteemed unpardonable sacrilege, as appears from the fate of Davies' companion, to remove them. If the deceased has fallen in battle there is no coroner's inquest, so to speak, held on the subject of his death ; but if he has died a natural death, in the vigour of youth or manhood, it is always presumed by the natives that his dissolution has been brought about by some unfair means — by witchcraft or sorcery, of course — and an inquiry into the cause of it is instituted accordingly. With this view the soothsayer or exorcist of the tribe, or some person corresponding to the priest Chaless in the Grecian army under the walls of Troy (for superstition is remarkably consistent with itself in its development in all ages), carries round the skin, along with certain attendants, with the two spears on which it has been stretched out and dried, in the corroboree, or general assembly of the natives, which is always held on these occasions; and stopping at every step as he comes up to another and another black,native in the extended circle, he pretends to ask the skin if this was the man who killed him. If the answer which the skin is alleged to return, and which, of course, is audible to the soothsayer exclusively, declares the innocence of the individual, the procession passes on, and the question is repeated before the next native. At length there is some unfortunate individual found, whom the skin of the dead man is alleged by the sooth- sayer to have accused of killing him, and the fact is . significantly announced to the corroboree. by the sooth- sayer striking the two spears into the ground, and the skin distended upon them before the alleged culprit. The latter ls thenceforth marked out for death, and though nothing should be done to him at the time, he is sure to be eventually surprised and killed, and his body to be disposed of in the same way. The skins of the deceased are carefully preserved among the tribe, and as I have already observed, are frequently placed either under or over sick persons, as an effectual specific against witchcraft or socery. The aborigines of Aus- tralla, are, therefore, decided cannibals ; the general mode of disposing of the dead being the one I have described, and the exceptions being merely the cases of old men and women dying of the infirmities of age. In the latter cases the bodies are either buried, burned, suspended on trees, or left to dissolve Into their original elements in the hollows of trees. Davies acquits the northern natives of infanticide, of which some of those elsewhere are cer- tainly guilty and denies that they ever put old people to death ; their relatives generally providing for them, and holding them in great reverence. He maintains, also, that they never put any one to death merely for the love of human flesh ; but the customs of their country and their race, from time immemorial, render it incumbent upon them, and a sacred duty, to devour the dead bodies of their relatives and friends in the manner I have de- scribed ; even the dead body of an enemy slain in battle is never eaten by his enemies, but by his own tribe and friends. In one instance, within his own knowledge, the child of a black man and woman having died in the evening, its parents had devoured nearly the whole body by the morning. At the corroborees that are always held on the occasion of their feasts upon the dead, the women chant songs or dirges, and strike upon their thighs with the palms of their hands by way of accompaniment. At a station at which I was staying, there were three Interesting native girls, about ten or eleven years of age, the grand-daughters of the old chief of the district, who, by way of compliment to me, struck up a song of this kind as they were sitting on a bench close by the door of the house at which I was standing at the time, strik- ing their thighs in the way I have described, and stand- lng up together and leaping and clapping their hands in concert, as they became animated. The cadence was very simple, wild, and melodious, and reminded me strongly of some of the plaintive airs of the Highlands of Scotland. 