PABL^AMENT OE VICTORIA. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. Wednesday, 25th September, 1861. The Acting President took the chair at five ?minutes past four o'clock, and opened the pro ceedings with the usual form of prayer. THE OCCUPATION LICENSE8. Mr MITCHELL, in moving the motion stand ing in his name, referred to the assumption of ?office by the present Ministry in November last, :and to the appearance of the notice of the issue of the first licenses in the Gazette of May last. On the 14th of June a vote of want of confidence had ibeen carried against the Government in the Assembly, and upon that a dissolution of the v Assembly took place. Previous to that, however, an address was presented by the Assembly to his Excellency, in which occurred the following pas sage : — ** The public honor and public interest will remain under the control of men, several of whose official acts have excited grave censure and suspicion, and who have claimed, under the existing law, new and alarming powers Jiever contemplated by the Legislature.' This had been followed by an address from that H.ouse, wnich stated 'that the fees for the occupa 'dom.'0'i Crown lands for other than pastoral pur iposes, notified in the Government Gazette, of the 23rd May last, are illegal, so far as as regards the fee for residence and cultivation on the gold fields.' So far as that went the. two Houses were acting in concert with each other, but on the 26th of June his Excellency had replied to the Coun cil, declining to take action at the instance of only one branch of the Legislature. Now he ?drew the' attention of the House to the ?extraordinary discrepancy between that state ?mfvnt.. and the fact of the Bresentation of the two addresses. The next that was heard of the ?occupation licenses was when the Parliament was dissolved. His Excellency then stated that if the gold- fields licenses worked well there was no. reason why their application should not be ex tended. With the delivery of that address the Parliament had been dissolved, and there was no time to challenge it. On the 3rd of September his Excellency, in his address to the new Par liament, was pleased to state that the issue of the licenses had proved beneficial, and that they had been extended to agriculturists. He would not go into the legal question, though he believed no six men, of ordinary intelligence, in the country would1 assert that the licenses were legal, but would come to the question, of policy, which that House, representing as it did the colonists of Yictoria, and not as the other House did, the men who were rushing from it, was pe culiarly fitted to deal with. The fact was, that Bince the notification of the licenses the value of property in the colony had declined 50 per cent., and those who had sold at that reduction might consider themselves lucky, for now property was totally unsaleable. (Mr Uole : ' bo it was be fore.') The action- of the licenses he contended would be to unsettle, not to settle, the people. Farming, it had been proved, could only be pro fitably carried on by means of science, and the ? -employment of capital ; but if people could go upon virgin soil, and till the land until it was -worn out, what was to become of the present landed proprietors ? ? They could not hope, with ?the expense of revivifying the soil, to compete with the men acting on the principle he lad alluded to, and they would con sequently be driven out of the market. And who would the loss fall upon ? 'Why not upon the large but the small proprietor. It had been proved upon the model farm, that by sowing English grasses six sheep could be kept to the acre, and everybody would see that that would be much more profitable than letting the land, even at £lper acre. The 'bloated aristocracy,' whom it was proposed to ruin would escape by tnis means, and would pocket more money than ever. Nor ?would the scheme affect those who were desirous of purchasing large quantities of laiid because large quantities must be sold, or the public works must be stopped. And who had gone upon the land under the licenses ? Not the miners, whose interest was to be.consulted, but judges, barristers, lawyers, and lawyers* clerks— everybody, in fact, but the miners themselves. There were cases where men had gone upon the land adjacent to that which liad cost the proprietor £40 per acre. True, they paid 14s per acre rent for it ; but they neyieri'iiv tended to pay the rent for more than six m^thsl If it would be necessary to Srin^ba,cktae't'rbop's to 'turn them off the land, as a Minister-had stated. it was equally clear that the troops would be re quired to collect the rents. After alluBiiig to the evident attempt to deal with, the land^ without the consent of that House, the lion, member concluded by stating that under the circumstances it was ob viously the duty of the House to. call upon his Excellency to pause in the miscjiieyous course ?which he was sorry to have charged him with having taken. He then formally moved the motion of which he had given notice as fol lows : — 'That an address be presented to the Go vernor, submitting to his Excellency the great in convenience and danger that will result from the issue of the proposed occupation licenses for agri cultural purposes, should they hereafter be held to be illegal, and praying his Excellency to exer cise his constitutional authority for restraining their is3ue till the question of their legality shall have been decided ; and that a committee be ap pointed to prepare such address, to consist of Beven members, and to be appointed by ballot.' Mr FAWKNER seconded the motion, and said that he had observed when the House was about to be dissolved that he was afraid his Excellency was committing a political mistake, and what would very likely turn out apolitical crime. This had proved to be the case, as the Ministry had .-_ by means of bribery assumed the authority of the Governor. He said bribery, and he read an ex tract from the democratic paper, the Ministerial organ, the Age stating, that a sum for the payment of members would be placed upon the estimates, and who was it promised this? why the very Ministers whom the Parliament had declared unfit to rule the colony, and who had only been maintained in their position- by the political crime which his Excellency had committed. Mr Brooke, one of i.'ieae low class Ministers, who were quite -unlit to rule the colon/, ^nd who had defied the Parliament, hud' caid 'that the people ' on Ballaarat were defying Parliament also. He I recollected a time when- Ballaarat was in rebel- ] lion, and Sir Charles Hotham, a man who could j govern the colony, put it down. The Ministers of that day, however^ endea vored to re-establish law and order, but the present low clasB Ministry would in- '? crease the thousand men illegally on the land at Ballaarat into twenty or sixty thousand. And if they could not enforce the law against a thousand men how could they against the larger number? This low class Ministry had taken it upon themselves to supersede the Governor, supersede' the Parliament, and issue ths licenses Tipon their own authority. The whole proceeding was illegal, and in open defiance of the wishes of Parliament. The Land Bill had originally contained a clause giving free selection, before survey, and the Council would have thrown it out, but the As sembly did it before them, and yet this Ministry^ these low class brutes — had set aside the decision of the Parliament, and allowed selection before survey. The Governor had allowed them the; opportunity, and the Ministers h*d obtained the support of the members of the Assembly by pro mising them £300 per annum. As & corrollary to this the Council was to be sacrificed on the altar of democracy. ' Reform t?ie House,' Mr Heales had said ; but he did not know the meaning of the word Reform, and intended destruction. The Council, ! however, would prove a stumbling block in the way of the Ministers, and the people would sup port them. The only thing the Council was olamed for now was giving way and allowing the qualification of the members of the Assembly to be abolished. If this low class Ministry were al lowed to carry out their measures, repudiation must follow. The interest on the railway loan had to, be met, and even supposing that twenty or thirty thousand people settled upon the land, and agreed to pay 2s 6d per acre annual rental, yet they would not. Why this low class Minister,' , this Brooke — The ACTING-PRESIDENT called the lion, member to order and said he hoped the House would not allow a minister of the Crown to be spoken of in that way. Mr FAWKNER* continuing, said, that the Ministry out of their own mouths had said that the mea would not pay the rent.' They had said that the military must be sent for, the volunteers ' called out, when only a thousand men were on the , soil, and improperly on ; and how could they get i the money, when twenty times that number were properly settled, supposing a Ministry should be in. office desirous of enforcing payment, what could they do ? They could not sell the land for who would buy when there might be some 4000 or 5000 men banded together to prevent anything of .the sort. He reminded the Council that there were many British Americans in the colony —and alluded to the non-payment of the Sfcjte rants in that country. His own experience showed him that not three men out of ten even at present could make a living on the land, and if the colonial market were overstocked with grain, there was no other market to export it to at a profit, and the price would come down to Is 6dper bushel, as it had once before. The licenses were therefore ob- ; jectionablein every way. In tact the Ministry, ! who were kept in office by tke fiat of the Governor, '? were doing their best to ruin the colony. True,the debentures had sold well in the English market, but the news of these licenses and b£ the demo cratic policy of the Ministry had not reached England at the time. Manhood suffrage was the , great blot on the Constitution. He acknowledged with sorrow that he had given way to the cry lor it, but he hoped to be able to IreVrace his steps. The Jion. member, in conclusion, contended at some length that the present population under thelicense system would absorb the whole of the unsold agriculture! land of the colony, and that no in- i ducenaent consequently would be offered, 'to im migrants ; that from the reasons 'sidled by the mover the present landed proprietors would be ruined by the action of the licenses, and that the interesfon the Railway loan would not be met. On these grounds he begged to second the motion. Mr COLE said he should oppose the motion, which he regarded as not only impolitic, but abo unf air ?, as. the Ministry had gone to the country with certain pledges, amongst which was that of the occupation licenses-. As the matter might require some elucidation, h'e thought that reading a few extracts from the debates on the second reading of the 'Constitution Act would refresh hon. members'* minds. He would ask the hen. member who moved the motion, whether he could ? not put it in a different shape, aB the Governor ?could not do what the House now asked him. The Ministers had stated that if their msasurss : could not be carried out- they -would resign, and '? was the hon. member prepared to find a Ministry i to go on with the public business. (Mr Fawk ner ; 'Yes; to- morrow.') The koh. member proceeded to say that when the 'second reading of the Constitution Act was being discussed, he understood from the then Colonial Secretary, and also from the despatches of Sir J. Packingtonj and the Duke of Newcastle, that if a civil list : was granted to her Majesty, the Home Govern- i ment would hand over the control of the public lands to the Colonial Legislature. (Mr Fawkner : ' But the Parliament is not the Ministry;') The words were 'the disposal of the funds arising from the sale of lands V' not the revenue, ' will be placed without reserve,' — he wished these words to be particularly marked—' under the supervision and control of the local Legislature.' The bill also _ contained another proviso, 'that nothing herein contained shall prevent, or be considered to prevent, the fulfilment of any promises which may have been made by the Government respect, ing any land.' But there was a further proviso, that if the Legislature should deem it necessary to abridge or abrogate any vested interest which might have arisen, they should have power to dp so. This proviso, which was quite pro phetic, was introduced by the Surveyor General under those Orders in Council, which had been a nuisance to the colony ever since they had been enacted. The hon. member here read an extract from a speech of Mr O'ShannsHy's, mid also a clause from the Orders in Council, which he said was the only one under wnich land could be sold, but which was now said to be illegal. The 68th clause of the Land Sales Act whs similar to this. It was much to be regretted that occupation licenses were not issued instead of those Orders in Council, which Mr O'Shanaasy had pointed out as having been obtained -iy a species of intrigue from the Homo Government. He would next read an extract from a speech of Mr Griffith, a gentleman who was not now in the country. [The extract was to the effect that to organise an «lectoial House without any power of dissolution would be to place it in the power of thirteen individuals to set the opinions and i wishes of the country at defiance.] That was the ? opinion of a gentleman ana a lawyer, and one which he (Mr Cole) approved of. An hon. fliert^ ber had spoken of the depreciation, bt property ; but he remembered when sheep were worth but Is 3d each. The hon. member next quoted a passage from a speech of Mr Fawkner, and observed that hoh. member had since changed his mind. ('No, no,' from Mr Fawk ner.) He next came to the question of the veto which it was proposed to confer upon the Go vernor. The then Attorney- General, the present learned Chief Justice-; had declined to give any two branches of the Parliament a veto over the third. (Ironical '' hear, hear1,' frorn, Mr Fawkner..) His (Mr Golems) friend Mi: Gdodniari, and it was a great pity tnat tile squatters did not take some of the advice which he had given them, had expressed a hope that with the passing of the Constitution Act the squatting question would for ever pass away, and that tne land would be thrown open to all, but that it would not be done unlawfully or ille gally, or by interfering with ,th'e iijfhts of those holding freehold add leasehold p'rop'erty. Dr. Murphy also— he did not know whether that gentleman was a squatter or not. (Mr Fawkner : 'Oh,. yes, he is head over heels, and heels over head ').?'? Mr FAWKNER rose to order. The hon. mem ber's remarks had nothing to do with the ques tion. He, reading opinions that had been ex pressed ten yea*B ago^-^=- . . ? The ACTING PRESIDENT feared that the hoh-. member's quotations w/eie nojt strictly ap plicable to the questidn feefor£ the House. Mr COLE was pxepared to affirm the legality of the occupation licenses, and thought it better to frame some plan of getting the people on the land, i Had this been done before, the country would have' double the population, and double the number of sheep ; but to keep the people off the land was the oojeefc oi opposing the licenses. A bill similar to the homesteads bill lately passed in America would h'dye a goodeffect1, but until such a measure wa^. J- assicd the question ?would never tie settled. He could not understand what the hon. member who preceded him meant by a perversion of the law, but he considered it a perversion that the people were not allowed to come upon the land,. Mr ROLFE, though unf avorable to the issue of the licenses without the sanction, of the Legisla ture, did not sympathise with the m8tiori- lib he did not se'e wn&t; practical good could result from it ; but he would be glad to see such a measure introduced as would have foi its object the settle ment of the land in such a way as would meet all and every existing interest. (An hon. member : \' That is impossible.') The present state of the land question was ih'ast prejudicial to the best interests of the /colony', and he would therefore the niprte urgently call hon. inembers' atteiiticA to the necessity of some measure jvMch would meet the wants of the country. He would support any measure which would define or classify the land, bo that there should be no difficulty in dealing .?with. it. He should like to see it divided iftto town lands, special lands'^ aild lands for agricultural home steads', and the 40,000,000 of acres of waste lands which would not be wanted for culti vation for a lengthened period he would like to see left in the possession . of the squatters. The land.. ^ foir Agricultural homesteads he would not Have occupied by any but those who went on it with licenses and with pre-emptive rights. The special, town, and suburban lands he would like to see sold as at present, by auction. With regard to thepastoral lands he would wish to see them leased for short periods, but he thought the Government- should1 have power to resume possession of them in the event of their being .requireu f6'r cultivation, or settlement, and he was sure the gen tlemeil , 'connected with squatting would not object to that arrangement. He had been told on the previous day on reliable authority, that Daylesford, or, as it was commonly known,' Jim Crow, was letting at 40s an acre, and at the same time there was a large quantity df Govern ment land in the locality which the people could not get at. Tais State of things should not be allowed to continue. He was not going to trouble hon. members' by speaking 6f South Australia, but he was ir,iO*mei onexoelleiit authority that in tnat colony Meat could be produced at 4a ft b\ishel, and made to pay. Yet .labor was as plentiful arid as cheap in this colony, (' No, no,' from Mr F-uvkner)- and the colony was subject to tile Same excitement in mining, though not in gold', but iii copper ore. Why then should not a measure emaiiapo (fr6m that House which ^/oiild 'enable life colony to compete with South Australia, which had ex ported 4^000 tohs of produce during the present year, and still had a large quantity to send away, a great portion of which would come to this co lony. He would propose as an amendment, that a select committee be appointed to consider and report upon a measure tD be submitted by the mover which will have for its object the settlement of the land on a fair and equitable basis, and having regard to existing interests ; that such committee consist of seven members, \vith power to sit during the recess, and that the members be Messrs A'Beckett, Cole, Hope, Highett, J. Henty, M'Crae, and the mover. Mr a' BECKETT said that hon. members had been discussing the value of the licenses to the country, instead of the legality or illegality, or rather the danger of issuing such licenses, whilst that question remained undecided. Now that was the question they had to consi der, and to which he would direct his remarks. He intended to vote against the motion, for he thought that if the House agreed to it they would make a great mistake. At present their proceed ings were being watched very narrowly by thoBo disposed to cavil at them ; and on the otho'r hand, by those who felt the importance of the House to the colony j find it was, therefore, of the greatest importance that they should show that they re cognised their responsibility and power, and that they were not disposed to shirk the one or abuse the other. The ACTING-PRESIDENT said that as a matter of ordar ho could not put the amendment in its present it/i-rn, as in speaking of a measure | to b'j submitted by the mover, it dealt with a matter which was not before the House. Tie said this lest the hon. member should have risen to second the amendments, I Mr A'BECKETT said he intended rather to ad dress himself to thequestion before the Houss. It ' was somewhat ludicrous that the House should- ? -: 3olemnlv and deliberately affirm a, projfo'sititsa fyliich 'efory jjeirfibi}. iri tjie1, colony woiud ? assent to, , namely, that great difil culty . and * inconvenience would arise from the issue of the . licenses if they should afterwards be found illegal. It needed no ghost to rise to tell them that. He believed the licenses to be illegal, and he could scarcely see how it it was to be argued that they came within the 68th clause. He- did ftot know that it was necessary to discuss the ques tioh of the legality of the ^licenses j ' . but as he had stated as his op'iniori that tiie^-vYerg - ', illegal , tie would give some reasons for that ofciiupn j lie did Hot iriquTie, whether the^ were beneficial ,: or' not, though, if justified by law, they might be highly beneficial. A great deal had been said on the point by an hon. gentleman who had preceded him, but that was a matter of opinion, but however beneficial the licenses might be, if they were , illegal it was idle to put people on the land under cove1; of them. He con sidered .them illegal} as they' conferred _' jt p'o\ve$ beyond tb^t intended ,$ tie, cojjleri&l; By, the Act { andindeed itwas admitted bytne supporters of the' . licenses that this was the case, and that they merely attempted to drag such a power out of the Act. [The hon. member here read the 68th clause.] That clause had reference only to some object from which the people Would derive benefit, and if that test were ap plied to every one of the matters mentioned* it would be found applicable td( tliem. ' . But where was the j&blic; advantages' b'LcoriyqniericedetiveiJ frBril tiiese.occupation licenses ? . A person iMight hold one and prevent the public deriving any benefit from it. ' This was his opinion as a lawyer. Whatever might be the effect of the licenses on the people for good or for evil, he did not mean to discuss ; but he was satisfied in his mind that they : were illegal, and fortunately it mattered nothing what' that House or the other might decide, r as the ultimate, decision lay beyond the Stmods phere of party iri the courts of -justice,' to whlcK tttey could all look witH Hbnperice tlistt wtfetbei : the majority in favor of the licenses was- narrow or otherwise, the matter would be fairly ' settled. It was right and becoming that the Council should assert, as it had done — setting, forth' the views of that branch of the Legislature which re presented the most important portion of the com munity—that this exercise of power was uncon-' atitutionai Hn$ ,ille&$j- ; ,BuV wftf /^ss^ ' this time after time ? it might he, , convenient to put auch a motion oa . the paper to give hon. gentlemen an oppor tunity of expressing their opinions ; but when the House had to take action which should im press itself upon the history of the country, it should do something more ; and thiB brought him ta the second- part of the motion The House had ho right; iii a.cpnstitutiorial^ofnt Gff view} tB niiike slicii £t truest I for ;» Hat wgreitS powers over the Executive. It occupied & pasU tion similar to the House of. Lords in the old country, and who ever heard of the House of Lords turning, out a Ministry?. (An hon. member : : 'Tlie House is elective.') , Triie,' they were a ; representative body, but a& the Hotf.se cCftild M ;: be dissolved, there was no means or testing ins. opinion of the people out of doors. He was sufe' that hon. members would see that the inevitable result of acceding to the motion would be, that Kis Excellency .must dismiss liia tireapnt .adyisetg,' ajttt ? ; iii inakiiigliisli d r^ji&ftiiev; wolild tig '&fa;&df; ing their powers, which were large enough, and were wholesomely felt, and 'which efforts were in . consequence being made to break down. He believed that in carrying the motion they would i merely give an advantage to the enemies of the House» If the Governor com- ' plied with.ths rediiest contained $i the mptiojii] he would Have,,tq turk.b'ityiiS Min{sti:y, in' tK8 face of a vote of the other .House, winch jugtiflea the issue of the licenses after a debate of five nights. (An hon. member: ''By a majority of fsur.') Mr A'Beckett continuing : Still it was a . .. majority, though a very narrow one, upon which, perhatis, the Ministry would, he'reafterj have no reason to1, cbn'gratuldte themselves; as they wer'6, ' now left to work out the ihuSchief whicli they had originated; An, hon: iriferiibef had said that thferij would not b'e .nip're. thatt siii persons in the country in favor of the legality oi the licenses, but supposing that this number in cluded the three judges, . and supposing alsd the licenses were producing goad results; were the;^ to be suspended? They .all knew theslaw pro=; gressohhd,lawy('JHear,heari 'fromMr FawkfieT;) He (Mr A'Beckfctt) knew it* and it might be long before this ijuestibn was, dbfcided. He had ndticeU particularly, that the Goveritrir had said he V;a8 adv,Ued!,and the'^eoyih'rijwth'e wh'olii - f e'sp'Clrisibilltjf. . oil his advisers. (Mr Fawkner: ' More's the pity.') Ho (Mr.A'Beckstt) was not defending the Go- . yernpr's conduct f but he maintained that he was justified in throwing the responsibilvty oil .J^3 advisers, and if it should turn out that the licenses were legal, he believed the House would be doing a vast inj ury in staying their.issue until that decision was arrived ati -He would vdte against thB motion, becauae he. considered it altogether Ud.-1. called for, as they had already asserted everything . necessary; and that hon. members must know; perfectly well that after asserting the, merest'' truism, which a child might express without' any great stretch ot intellect, it askpd the Goyernor to do an unconstitutional act. (No, no.) The ACTING-PRESIDENT announced that the mover of the amendment had amended it by ' putting it in the following form — 'That a select committee be appointed to consider and report upon the subject of the settlement of the land question on a fair and equitable basis, and having regard to existing rights. '. Mr FELLO WS said, though it was the custom to attribute to lawyer the faculty of 2-ronouricing that black was white, it had been reserved for the lf.st hon. member to prove that black was black, and then say .that he should vote as though* it were white. The hon. member had stated that everybody acknowledged the licenses were illegal, andyot he Refused to tell his Excellency so. (Mr A'Beckett: 'No, I said that inconvenience would result if the licenses were declared ille gal.') Remarking upon the conduct of the , Governor, the speaker in continuation, -said that for the last six or eight months Vu3 Excellency had ticfed more us if he were an indepen dent, eovereign than a servant of the Crown,, and then having quoted from a despatch from Lord John Russell to Mr Powlett Thompson with reference to the duties of a Governor/ and^iKe necessity' of. bringing the \ Executive authority into accordance with, the ?Wishes of' the people* he sai-J that his. Excel lency appeared tribe Careless both, of the wishes of the people 'and the drown; and regardless of ?. whether his -conduct was such 33 would lead to I his receiving' -future employment at the hands of I his Sovereign. - ?' ? ; i Mr COLE rose to order, stating that such, re I marks were nipst uncalled for. I Mr FELLOWS then' adverted to the request I tne Council had made to his Excellency, to stay, I the' issue Of the' licenses until a new Parliament , 1 had beetl siimnTlohedj a fe'^uest,- lie said, his Ex I cellency might -reasonably' Have' ebriiplied with,. I but which Ke' had refused to dd tipb'ri his crwn I responsibility; ' There were two alternatives, i either his Excellency possessed common sense,.. I or he did not. - If he did not, he was unfit to |j govern this or any colony, and if he did, then he - H Had most successfully concealed it. (Mr ABeckett : 1 ' OK, oh !') . He was aware that on former I 06ea&,dn'sl .tHejir adviise -liM be'en rejected. It. 1 would be idle1, hb'We'v'err for the Oounoil to shut Si its mouth because theft' ftdted had ofric'e been i refused. And they must remember' thai ? there I was a higher pcrw er to appeal to. If his Excellency 1 refused to listen' to them an address to the Crown |j would speedily show whether his Excellency was 1 Slid independent sovereign or a subordinate officer. I --««ef £&&/? action ? of the Parliament it I 'Was perfectly titiiidn&l; when1 his Excellency took i the advice of his Ministry; ? arid , insulted : H the House in a way no' Sovereign1 of England H would ever have done, by protesting against tne I exercise of the undoubted power of the Pariia- - 1 ment — the power of the purse. ? The Oouncil was i bound to bring forward the motion and show hia I Excellency .thathe could not be allowed to shel I lei nimSelf behind his responsible advisers, 'and I tie1 allo'yv£d io' insult bbtti Houses, became, for i sooth', liial Minisfefs; SfHo.dia not p'ossess the con 1 fidence of either branch of. did Legislature; lihottght i it advisable to do so. The hon. inem'bfer' 'th'en i proceeded fo comment on the action of the Gd | vernment and his Excellency with regard to pay |j ment of members, and, in conclusion, said that he 1 flh,ould certainly vote against the amendment, I ?firliisqli' di4 ftofhlng one way or the other. I ,Mr PdWER siipported 'the motion as: i being* tlie:: ihdst feaWriaibie' and constitu I tional course the G'surie'ii could ta&e;, to' express 1 its opinion' to the Governor. He dritir63.y eon 1 demned the action of the Government in issuing I the licenses, and stated that he knew a case I where, in the western district a man had taken up 1 #fi allotment with an intention of erecting a public 1 Bouse upon' it. '- It certainly was n ot for this class I of Settlers that tfie licenses were issued, but there 1 was' iio'th'ing in1 the regulations to prevent them I aMliiig' tfye'mself e'a of tiae advantages. The ma* I jority in tlia Asse'nib'ly in: favor of the licenses 1 was, he said, a false one, aiid restitted from the I pledges given' by candidates at the ehutionsi to 1 vote for the; Ministry; In supporting the motion, I he hoped that it would be affirmed by the Council, I fciid s'tated.hia belief that this would be the course I iiitist conducive fo the welfare of the colony I Mr H^LL supported the motion, contending. I that the licenses w er'e both illegal and impolitic, I and also Condemning tite1 general policy of the I Ministry. ?? - ' . ' I Mr B ENNETT,- in rising to support the motion* I Mid that Ke.did rtqt intend to treat the question I in a strictly. ,iitulta'rian; point 'of view,' biic rather 1 to look further than the present a'sp'ect tod condi 1 tion of the colony. To him it was Of little colise 1 quence whether rthe address proposed to be pre 1 tidrited to the Governor had an immediate effect or I fiot }. but tip e*pec$ed that it would not. He was I Certainly surprised when he heard hon. members 1 saf that this1, action of the Upper House was un | called forj.ii!' ever' there was; any occasion w-'i en 1 6ucn a1 dour^e was requireS it was the present. I He referred: to tne steps which Had been hitherto I taken by the Governor witll regarel to the occu 9 pation licenses', and said that when then, issue 9 w&9 first proposed, the Upper House ' distinctly I affirmed their, illegality, but in the face of that I protest hia Excellency had said j that having bean. I advised by his Attorney- General that they were legal, he* proposed to carry out their v issue. 'What would be the consequences if . the der cision of ' the Supreme Court in the action now pending was that they were illegal ? Why, that the unfortunate man- who had gone on the land/' on the sole authority of the President of the Board of ' Land and Works, v/ould find his labor spent in vain and would have to give up his lands. He (Mr Bsnnett) as a lawyer considered that the .licenses were illegal, not only from the able arguments that had been adduced, but from the very wording of the Act itself ; but it was riot for him, or for the Council, or the Governor or Attorney- General* then to pronounce on the ques tion, but to Wait for the higher decision of the Supreme. Court, which would definitely settle that . point. It was, however, his painful duty to say that the Governor seemed to have completely ab dicated his prerogative and handed himself over to the poVer of his Ministry, and it was of course quite hopeless, under those circumstances, that an address from that. House, or any other body, would be' well received. He referred to the Go vernor's answer to the protest of the' Tipper House, in which hesaid that it was not desirable that the ?'. Government should ?withdraw the licenses, seeing that the opinion of the Attorney General; ?'-, -was 'so decidedly in favor of their legality, ; One would at least have ?expected : an expression of regret that he 'was compelled to carry out a proceeding of which that House .declared their disapproval. It might be said that the words he uttered were put into his mouth by his Ministers, but he could have, in a dignified manner, declined to make uae of them. (Hear, hear.) No doubt those senti ments suited the members of the other somewhat jealous branch of the Legislature, but he must confess' that their effect on him (Mr Bennett) was that of a thrill of horror. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) He next referred to the recent elections, when he said that the real question on which the Ministry appealed to the country was studiously kept in. the background, and new criea adopted in order to draw the attention of the people from their past policy, and direct it more to their future, lio knew that in miikiiig these statements lie placed himself in a very responsi ble position, but he vnshucl it distinctly under stood that he did not accuse the Governor of mis conduct, but considered that hia course had been Ul-adviBed'in so completely resigning his freedom . and independence of action into the hands of the Ministry; It had been ifaid that a vote of . that House wmld have no effect on ther other branch ? of the Legislature. It certainly would depend on the taste andidelicacy of th^ 'Ministry whether j a vote of either House would affect them or not— (hear, hear, and laughter) — but he need only refer'., to the resignation of the Nicholson1 . Government when they consi dered themsfilfes coerced by a vote of that . House, to show that such votes were not always without effect. They had now raised their voice of: warning, and it would be for the' Governor to decide whether he would resist not, tiflly that, House, but a very large section of the Lower House.. , '?? . .,' ,.. ? ' ' ,.?'??? ? Mr HOPE said, that when the motion was first produced he intended to vote against it, be cpusethe' thought that that House had already sufficiently eipiessed its disapproval of the course now adopted^ by the Government, but on reconsideration he had altered his opinion. He was willing and anxious to see the people settled on the lands, but not at the expense of illegality. He believed that in issuing these licenses the Government had grossly departed from their functions. Mr COPPIN thought, that the severe strictures which Itsd been passed upon the conduct of the .Governor were1 hardly deserved. He certainly thought that his : Excellency had been ill-advised, but nothing more. He briefly analysed the argu ments which had been adduced against th-e motion, and said that the arguments on that sidle' which had been brought forward by Mr a' Beckett were i eally the strongest in favor of ? the motion. .(Laughter.) He would be glad to see a liberal Land BillinitiatedinthatHouse, and promised Mr Eolfe. hi3.support it'ho brought forward such a measure. Heoaid that the variance1 which existed between the two branches of the Legislature was doubtless most injurious to the country, but it was not. that House that requhed, reform tirst. Let the Lower House remove that standing evil of universal suf frage-^-(h.ear, hear) — and then the'ITpper House would no doubt consent to a compromised \ Oapiaiit COLE briefly stated his 'intention 'to vote for the atfrefidment, and said that even if : the licenses .were illegal-^a question upon which the highest authorities differed — if- they wore removed, the lands would be again locked isp from the people, and an old grievance renewed. The ACTING PRESIDENT then put the question that the words proposed to be omitted stand part of the question. The Council divided with the following result : CONTENTS, 17. Mr Fellows Mr SutTierlaHd Mr Hope Mitchell S. Henty ' Fawkner Bobeitson HigJioffi ' Fraaer. Stewart Power Vaughan . Kennod ; Eennett . Coppiri Hall ''Thompson ' ' ' ? ; ?? NON-CON J'ENTS, 4. ' '.. : : : Mr VVilJrie Mr VBeokett Mr Cole Kolfe ..-.-? .-.., The amendment was therefore lost, .and the original motion was then agreed to. , , , ; The Council the» proceeded to ballot for a com mittee, which resulted in the appointment of the following' gentlemen: Messrs Bennett, .Fellows, Mitchell, Hope, Wilkie, S. Henty, Robertson. MINING BEGISTKAIt AT BALAAHAT. The next motion the paper was : 1. That a select committee be appointed to inquire into the circumstances {attending the alleged trans mission of a telegram to the Mining Registrar at Ballaarati inistrucfeinghim to disobey the Court of Mines ; with power to take evidence, and to; call for persons and papers. 2. Tkat such Committee shall consist of seven members, to be appointed by ballot, and shall have power to sit during the adjournment of the House. MrPELLOWS obtained leave to amend. the motion, by substituting for ' a committee appoint ed by ballot' the names of the following gentle men : Messrs Mitchell, Wilkie, Power, Bennett, Highett, Hull, and the mover. The motion was then postponed till the next day, and the House adjourned at ten minutes to nine, till four o'clock on Thursday. Thuksdat, 26th September, 1861. taranaki keiitisf puwd. : The ACTING-PRESIDENT annpunced that he had received a letter from the hon. the Speaker of the House of Representatives of Auckland, ex pressing the thanks of that Assembly for the sum .voted by the Victorian Parliament, in aid of the Taranaki Relief Fund. The correspondence was as follows : — .. ' New, Zealand, House of Representativess, f Auckland, 22nd August, 1861._ 'Sir, — I have great pleasure in forwardmg.to you the enclosed resolution of the House of Re presentatives of New Zealand, expressive of the gratitude felt by their colony for the very liberal grant made by the Legislature of Victoria in aid of the Taranaki Relief Fund.—- 1 have the honor to be, Sir, .your most obedient humble servant, «' (Signed) D. Moniio, Sneaker. ' The Hon. the President of the ' Legislative Council.' . 'New Zealand. ' Extract from the Journal of the House of Re presentatives, Thursday, August 22nd, 1861. ' Resolved— That the thanks of this House be presented to the Legislature of the colony of Vic toria for the very liberal grant of £1000 made by that body towards the Taranaki Relief Fund ; and that Mr Speaker do forward copies of the re solution to the President and Speaker respec tively of the two branches of the Legislature of Victoria.— True extract. ' (Signed) D. Monho, Speaker.' ADDllESS TO TUB GOVERKOll.'1 ' - Mr MITCHELL said he had the honor to bring up the report of the select committee ap pointed on the previous day to prepare an address to his Excellency the Governor on the subject of the occupation licenses. H8 moved that it be read. Mr J. HENTY seconded the motion. . The Clerk, of the Parliament accordingly read the address as follows :— ' To His Excellency Sir Henry Barkly, Knight, Commander of the Most Honorable Order of the Bath, Captain- General and Governorin Ghief of the Colony of Victoria, and Vice Admirnlof the same, &c;, &o.;, &c.; ' May it please your Excellency— ' 1. We, her 'Mnjestv's most dutiful and loyal ; subsets, the reioiubera.-.'f the Legislative Council ; of Victoria, in Pavluuneut assembled, bog moat J respectfully to approach your Excellency as the ' representative of our Sovereign. | '2. We assure your Excellency of our devoted I attachment to her Majesty's crown and person. '3- We deem it our duty again to bring under your Excellency's attention the administration of the Crown lands of the colony, by the present Ministry. ? . ' 4. We have already declared to your Excel lency our opinion, and we now repeat it, that the issue of licenses for residence and cultivation on the gold neld3 would be illegal. : '5. We have since learned, from your Excel lency's address, at the opening of Parliament, that the system against which we protested was intended to embrace agricultural purposes, and from regulations promulgated by the President of the Board of Land and Works, it appears that sueh agricultural licenses are intended to extend to areas of 160 acres, to be taken from. any portion of the country lands of the colony, and to be held for a period' of eeven years at an annual rent of 2s 6d per acre. ' 6. It is notorious that measures have been taken with a view to have the legality of these licenses tested before the Supreme Court of the colony, and if the Ministers please, the result can be ascertained without any extraordinary delay — certainly within two months. ??' 7' We- are, however, aware that the Minis': ters have declared that under no circumstances will they atay the. illegal course they are bent upon pursuing, and having obtained an adjourn lneht of the other branch of the Legislature for a month, we have reason to dread that they will, if unchecked, give such encouragement, to. persons to appropriate the public lands as will hereafter involve in ruin individuals imprudently accept ing the offers of the Board of Land and Works, and possibly plunge the coimtry into anarchy. ' 8. Your Excellency is necessarily aware of the effect : which has been produced upon the best interests of the colony, and which must be produced upon our credit in the mother country by the mere threat of your advisers to act in violation of the law ; and we cannot think that your Excellency under any view which may be taken of Constitutional Government, is bound to receive, or as her Majesty's representa tive is justified in acting upon the. advice. of those who recommend the adoption of a course the legality of which ia about to be submitted for the decision of a 6ourt of law. ' 9. We therefore pray your Excellency, as the guardian alike of the liberties of the colonists, and as the Queen's representative of the interests of our English creditors, to employ such measures as the Constitution confides in your Excellency to stay the proceedings of the Board of Land and Works in this matter, until the Supreme Court shall have had an opportunity of declaring what the legal powers of the Board are, with re gard to the'lands of the colony.' Mr MITCHELL said that after the very full discussion of the previous day he did not think it necessary to say anything more on the subject. He moved that the report be adopted. Mr FAWKNER seconded che motion. Mr FELLOWS, as a member of the committee, desired to move an amendment upon the address now that it was before the House ; not, however, that he objected to a single statement that it con tained. The amendment consisted only of an inturiineation of a lew words. He proposed to insert in the passage which referred to the influence which the licenses might pro duce on the best interests of the coun try the ! words ' and the adoption of a course, the legality of which was denied in both Houses of the last Parliament, and.' It might be contended that that the address, in the bare form in which it stood, did hot represent all the facts, and1 explain to the Governor the true position of the matter. He thought that when his Excel lency was receiving advice from the law officers of the Crown, or rather the law-officer, forthere was but one, that the address should contain something more than a mere request. . Now that; the question was about being submitted to the Courts of law, a statement that the course pursued by the Government had been con* demned by both Honses of the Legislature, would be sufficient justification for the address. The amendment was agreed to. Mr COLE rose to express his dissent from the original motion, as he would be no party to send ing such an address lo the Governor. . He, made this protest because it was expressed in the ad dress that there was* an action being brought in the Supreme Court to try whether the occupation licenses were legal or not. (Mr Fellows : 'I have got a retainer in it.') Mr Cole had no doubt , the hon. member would like to , have a finger in the pie, but it wa3 one of the necessary things in law, that a person should know what he was going to bring his action about. He would like to know who it was that was bringing the action. The Council was called upon to give an opinion upon a matter which it knew nothing about. He asked the hon. gentleman who was retained in the case, whether he would give any information. (Mr Fellows: .' It is in the news papers.1.') Mr Oole in continuation : That might let the cat out of the bag. The act;on it was said- was brought by a gentleman who he was sorry to say had, he did not. know what title, but under some supposed right that he had to some land. Now this gentleman could have no title under the Orders in Council, for that had expired in May. The.House ought, therefore, to, know a little more of what they were going about in order not to bring itself into contempt, which he thought would be the effect of adopting the address. He did hope the House would have had some information to show the illegality of the licenses ; but as they could not ,get a single word of information, he should express his dissent from the address. ? , Mr STRACHAN, as he was not present on the previous day, wished to say a few words. He congratulated the House and the country on the result of the debate, and he must say he was sur prised at the course pursued by the dissenting members, which he considered the most impolitic ever taken. During the last session an address was brought in in tfie Assembly by Mr Haines, which bore upon this question, and it. was carried by a majority of 33 to 22, or two-thirds of the entire body. The opposition to the licenses was not, however, as1 clearly expressed in that as in the address of the Assembly. He need not go into . the Governor's answer, but would merely say that it fixed the whole responsibility upon him. ('Hear, hear,' and 'No, no.')' Whether the Governor was bound to speak as his advisers desired, he (Mr Strachan) did not say, but he had dona so. That was most impolitic in a financial point of viev/, for he would ask any hon. member who knew anything of the debentures in England jjwhat the effect would be when it was known that the President of the Board of Land and Works was issuing . licenses at variance with the con duct of the Board and the orders in Coun cil? He asked this of any one who knew how the debentures were selling. They were said; to be at 105j, but they were in ' reality 103|, for there was 2 per cent of accrued interest due upon them. . What would be the re sult? (MrFawkner : 'They will be below par.') Mr Strachan continued. : He had no desire to de preciate the debentures, for nobody had a higher opinion of -the capabilities of the country, under fair and honest Government^ but not with un scrupulous' men who went before the- country upon false pretences, of which this license system . was one. : It must be patent '? to every man who knew anything' of the country and had paid his money for agriculturalor Crown .and3, whether it was right to allow othera to lease land alongside of him at half-a-crownan acre. No man was more anxious to see this ques tion settled than1 lie was, and he was prepared to agree, if the' Government would lay aside the agri cultural licenses, that every nian should have land at £1 acre on the same conditions contained in the licenses, namely, by. residence and cultivation. He would even go so far as to give purchasers leases of additional land, for the ? moment a man had purchased land he became conservative and a valuable member of the community. ? There' was a man in his own neighborhood «vho had taken out some ground, and who had brought down 100: head of cattle, and where could he feed them but on his neighbor's land, whilst the man who occu pied the ground profitably was to be turned out to make room for him. He regretted that Captain Cole had not brought the question closer to his own door. The country would remember Hughes's Wharf, (laughter) and the public feel ing that it was a gift given to Mr Hughes by the Crown, and how the Legislature had to give1 Mr Hughes £26,000 as compensation for giving up the land. It would be just the same with persons who went on the land under these regulations for the licenses were declared illegal. There was nothing in the Land Act to justify these licenses, and yet they were to be given not only on the outskirts of the country, but the licensees could go upon any unoccupied land. It was a most monstrous proposal, and one which he could not spuak too strongly upon. The men who were getting the licenses were not those whom hori. members wanted, for the men whom they were desirous of settling on it would have freeholds.; He himself would not at present rua stpek upon land for which he held a license, and which had been proclaimed a commonage, but he would remind hon. members that the strength was not all on one side, and it it was not to be supposed; that he would allow any persons to drive away his stock. On the contrary, he would defend his 'property as long as he could, when he ? had once fairly paid for it, and maintain his right to keep, off any intruder,' for if his land was taken what was he to do with his stock? It was to that House alone the country must look, and not to any branch elected under universal suffrage. Much as hon. members feared the effects of that principle, he was not alarmed for the country, and he cordially supported the address of Mr Mitchell. Mr a'BECKETT said he was one of the glo rious minority of four— (laughter, in which, the hon. member joined- heaitily) — who had refused to follow the multitude to do evil ; but he would be glad if the House could agree unanimously to an address on' the subject of the licenses. (Mr Fellows : 'To do evil.'); Mr. A'Beckett, conti nuing : There had been much evil on the pre vious nighti but he was1 desirous of retaining what was good and getting rid of what was evil. Hon. members would recolleet that he had ex pressed, the strongest opinion of the illegality of the licenses. (Mr Fawkner : 'And voted against your opinion.') Mr A'Beckett in continuation, denied that he had voted against ? his opinion. He had only given his opinion on the question before the House, that the licenses were illegal, and that when they came before the courts of law that opinion would be sustained. But lie' objected to recording in a childish man ner what the House had previously recorded in a . dignified way. That was his objection to the first part of the motion. To the second, he objec ted that hon. members were forgetting in their, perhaps excusable, indignation, their rela tive position towards the Governor and his advisers ; and would thereby strike at the root of all responsible Government. (No, no.) He was not going to discuss whether it was right to introduce responsible Government, but it would be' wrong in the House to resist it now. ; He disagreed altogether with the assumption that the Governor was responsible ior the acts of his advisers. If hon. members examined critically the addresses of his Excellency, they would nod that he had guardedly expressed his opinions as the opinions of his advisers, for he said continu ally 'I am advised.' (Ironical cries of 'hear, hear,' from Mr Fawkner.) He was very sorry to hear the remarks made upon the conduct of his Excellency on the previous day: ; buthe did not like to call the attention of the hon. the Acting-President to ttem, and indeed he felt a diffidence in referring to his Excellency now,' although there was perhaps no necessity for such a feeling. In the address before them, so far as it affected the interests of the colony, he strictly concurred (ironical cheers), and he was not to be debarred from the expression of his opinions because he was surrounded by a happy family, although he dared say those opinions would hot be very palatable to either side of the House. He could not be accused of being a friend of the Ministry, but he was a friend of the Constitution. He felt that the House was portion of the Con stitution, and he believed that upon the course hon. members now pursued would depend whether the great safeguard against nieasurea which would be distinctive to the welfare of tha colony would be preserved or not, for if they asserted rights which they did not possess they would place themselves in a position not justified, by the Constitution. They would allow their enemies to say ' These men have great powers, i but it shows the cl:iss of man \vv have in the ! House when 'they want u» exoo^d th. ir powers i and become olignrchs.' ('No, no!') He j feared very much the atmosphere of unanimity in. ! the House, for ho would declare his opiuioiithat I in all deliberative assemblies there should be a I confliot of opinion, and that men should express their opinions openly. If these opinions would not bear argument, well and good ; but if they ?would, though they might not succeed at the time, they would come up by and by. The House had no right to fix upon the Governor the re sponsibility of the aets of his advisers. They were bound to respect his Excellency's statement when he said he was acting on the advice of his law officers. (An hon. member: 'He has only one.') Hon., members might have their own estimate of the value of that, but it was the opinion of the Ministers of the Crown, and if his Excel lency had no confidence in his advisers, he was bound to dismiss them. (Cheers.) His Excellency must do that if a majority of the other House showed that they . had no confidence in the Ministry. (Mr Fellows : ' He didn't though.') But so long as they possessed the confidence of that House, expressed by a majority of its mem bers, his Excellency was bound to belive that they possessed the confidence of the great body of the people, and he would be acting unconstitutionally in dismissing them upon pressure from the Coun cil. For he would have to select new Ministers, who from the first moment they came into office, would have an adverse majority to con tend with. («« No, no,' from Mr Fawkner, and other hon. members.) Where was he to look. for a new Ministry if the Opposition was in a minority (ironical cries of ' Hear, hear') ; and, therefore, the House was merely asking him to do an impossibility. It was not generous — and, when he made that appeal to a body of English gentlemen, it would not be made in vain. It was not generous or magnanimous to act so towards a gentleman who could not descend into the arena of argument — who was isolated from a large por tion of the community, and who must therefore 'bear much which, if he were not in that position, he could satisfactorily reply t-i. It was not fair to place his Excellency in that position; and when he (Mr A'Beckett) ?was laughed at for saying that he concurred in the spirit of the address (ironical cheers), he was not understood ; for what he meant was that he was desirous of appealing to the Governor in a constitutional manner, and urging upon him all that was mentioned in the address, but not of asking him to dismiss his advisers. He believed a great mistake was being made by those who had the welfare of the colony at heart, who were the representatives of the conservative interest, and who sympathised with those who were op posed to what appeared to savour of des potism on the part of the present Ministry. lie believed they were mistaken m the course they were pursuing, and that they were alienat ing and separating themselves from those by whom alone the principles they advocated and wished to carry out were entertained. By at tacking the Governor they were putting up such a b&rrier; between his Excellency and themselves, thrt when the time arrived at which they might legitimately be asked to take part in his counsels, they could not, preserving the ordinary feelings between gentlemen, accept office. It would be a great misfortune to the colony if the conservatives placed themselves in such a position that; they could not take part in its public affairs. There should be no jealousy between them and the supreme head of the State. (Mr 'Fellows: 'The- supreme head !') Mr A'Beckett continued. He contended th::t the Governor, as the representative of her Majesty, was the supreme head of the State. He did not wish to over- state his case, for his hon. friend Mr Fellows, as the very good lawyer which he knew that gentleman to be, was aware of the injudiciousness of doing so. But when the ad dress said that the Ministry had declared that, under no circumstances, would they stay the illegal course which they were bent upon pursuing, it said what was not true. (No, no.) The Ministry did not say that they were pursuing an illegal course. (Mr Fel lows : 'It does not say they did.') Mr a'Beckett continued. That was what was meant — that the men were so utterly reckless that they issued the licenses and trusted to chance for the result. (Cheers.) He maintained that that was unjust. Che Ministry had got a legal opinion (laughcer) — Mr Parsons' opinion, which appeared to justify them, and therefore it was not fair to Btate that they were bent upon pursuing an illegal course. But it .would be right to say 'which in the opinion of this House is illegal.' He slso objected to the words ' to act in -violation of tbe law.' It was unwise and unKtatesmanlike to put on the records such a statement respecting persons who were not pre sent to defend themselves. The House ought to adopt their own language. (Ironical cheers.) He would say— 'to give effect to what, in the opinion of this House and a very large number of intelligent persons out of doors, is believed to be a violation of the law.' That was a correct statement of the case, and the other was not. (Mr Fawkner : ' Milk and water.') Mr A'Beckett continued. It might be all very well for gentlemen who possessed more rashness than judgment (laughter) to say so. He now came to the last clause, which was the most important, as it connected his Excellency with his advisers. He would substitute for that clause the words ' We trust your Excellency will upon re-consideration of the question of the advisability of the issue of occupation licenses by your Exe cutive Council, be advised to await the decision of the Supreme Court as to then- legality before giving to them your Excellency's sanction.' The hon. member, after a few further remarks, con cluded by moving the first of his amendments. The amendment was then put, and the Presi dent declared the non-contents to have it. Mr a'BECBIEIT would take the decision as indicative of the feeling of the House, and .would not press hi3 other amendments. Mr FAWKNER thanked the hon. member for his good sense. (Laughter.) The motion for the adoption of the address was then put, and the Acting-President declared the ' contents' to have it. Captain COLE called for a division. He would not be a consenting party to the address. A divi sion was accordingly taken with the following ! result : — CONTENTS— 17. MrVellowa Mr Mitchell Mr Vaughan I Robertson Highttt Co;ipin Thomson Fraser Sutherland. i S. G. Henty Hope Bull ; Power Degruves tttwknor Btracuan Williams .. ,„ ----'- .NON-CONTENTS-3. Mri'Beokett ' Mr Cole Mr Rolf e ? majority for the adoption of the address, 14. 