TIIE HAUNTED FARM-HOUSE, i a devonshire story. ' " For over all there bung a cloud of fear." — ' Hood. About ten miles from the city of Exeter is situated Tbornybush Farm ; a charm ing place, and — a fact far preferable to , the great corn growing and -hay making community — a profitable one. Daniel, or Dan'l Buttcrby, was, and no wonder, the envy of every farmer in bis neighbourhood. Latterly, however, a change bad crept over. Dan'l and be might have been justly s accused of in gratitude towards bis two kind patrons, Nature and Fortune. His jolly round face, which before bad been tho abode of a perpetually broad grin, bore now an \- expression as if its owner was suffering from the pressure of remarkably tight boots. His favourite occupations, cat- iug, drinking, and smoking, amused him no longer. In their place, without mo tive or reason, ho substituted everything that could conduce to the discomfort of tboso arouud bim. In short, all the world uotiecdTbo strange alteration itT" " Dan'l, and occupied itself in fruitless guesses at tho cause of bis distemper. Before proceeding further, however, you must know the names of a few oc cupants of the farm-house. First in rank is the farmer's old nurse, Dame . Ncttletop, famous for her ugliness, in a neighbourhood singularly rich in tho commodity, her cowslip wine, and her love for ' her boy Dan'l.' Next in order comes Peter Rickctts, as famous in his way for his great shambling figure, and waut of bruius — a want amply supplied in his master's eyes by two herculean arms. II is very opposite in every res- yiect is .Tack Ingle, whose face is as full of intelligence as Peter's is of stupidity; and last, but certainly the most inter esting name on my list, is that of Patty Primrose, a young girl of sixteen, as fresh, pretty, and as full of grace as an opening rose. Pretty little Patty was an orphan, and the farmer endeavoured to fulfil to wards her the offices of both master and tutor, though latterly, perhapB, he was adding a third title to the former two ; but of this wo shall learn further in the course of this history. Hardly a year had passed since pretty Patty had become an inmate of the farm. Before her arrival Dan'l Butterby had passed his time in drinking, laughing, singing, and hunting. His jolly face seemed to defy melaucholy, and ho was cited by his neighbours as a hard drinker and hearty booh companion. What, then, has changed the good humour of the farmer ? You will divine the cause at once. It was that sentiment which produces so many metamorphoses; which confounds all ranks, and reconciles all prejudices ; whieh sometimes gives soft ness to the proudest character, and ren ders the bravest and most audacious timid and gentle. It was that sentiment which often has given wisdom to the fool, and oftencr has made fools of the wise; which brought Antony to tho feet of Cleopatra, Samson to the lap of Delilah, Hercules to tho knees of Om- phale. Love then, whieh penetrates every where, had entered into the heart of 'the farmer, who, -until now, had laughed at its power, and ridiculed those who wore its victims. In 6hort, Dan'l Buttcrby had changed his mind since his acquain tance with Patty Primrose. Dan'l Butterby had become deeply in love, and ho began to prcceive that this passion, instead of diminishing, increased to aa alarming extent. He ate no longer,- drank no longer, slept no longer, and now he commenced another mode of arguing ; for when we have really set onr hearts upon anything wo always bring a crowd of reasons to its support. Dan'l Butterby said this time, ' After all, since Patty pleases me so well, and I am decidedly in love with her, I should be still more of a fool not to marry her. What care I for tho opinion of my neigh bours ? Remember tho fable of the miller, his son, and the ass — ' it is im possible to please all the world and his wife.' The farmer having decidedly taken the resolution of marrying Patty, thought that nothing now remained for liirn to do but to make love. But while he had been so long in making up Jus mind rc-_ garding her, another competitor had stepped in, and, making better use of time and opportunity, had immediately \- made tho pretty servant girl aware of, the tender sentiments with which | she had inspired him. This competitor 'was Jack Ingle, one of the labourers on the farm, everywhere spoken of for his handsome person and intelligent char acter. Patty had at once comprehended the language expressed in the eyes of her admirer, and with her's had informed him that his love was far from displeas ing ; but Dan'l Butterby was jealous and thought of an expedient to disgust Jack with his .place on the farm. Straightway tho farmer loaded the poor fellow with tho most laborious and dis agreeable work ; but never a murmur came from Jack. One bright glance from Patty sufficed to make him forget all his troubles and all his fatigue. Defeated in those means, Butterby bethought himself of others. He "began to half-starve his poor rival. The order and punctuality of tho farm suddenly underwent a change ; tho hours for eat ing always took place-when the uufortu: natc Jack was absent, and on his return ho— was obi iged to bo-con ten ted with whatever his master had left for him — a few sorry fragments replacing' the U"Uul unctuous bacon and vegetables. Jack T.ugle sighed, but dared not com- pluiu ; while the gentle Fatty, unwilling to see her lover fading before her eyes, thought day aud night what means she should adopt to repair the injustice of the farmer. . Shortly after / this 'a strange rumour began to spread' itsolf intkhe farm. It was said that tho placo was haunted;, that spirits nud phantoms had made it their rendezvous as tho village clock sounded midnight. Country people arc superstitious, and terror made rapid pro gress among them. Without knowing of what they were afraid, each was seized, as night approached, with a sort of delirium tremens, for which, curiously enough, brandy was the only remedy. Dan'l Butterby at last caught the in fection, and, calling a council of his principal servants, spoke to them as fol lows — ' What be tho matter with you all — what's taking place in my house to cause this fear among ye ?' ' A — a — spurrut,' said old Dame Net- tletop, trembling, ' A horrible spurrut that walks about the farm all night.' ' Hast thee seen it.' 'No master, she hasn't;' said Peter Ricketts, ' but I have— it's an immense ghost . . . . all in white — he be always hanging about the cellar.' ' Why didn't you stop it V ' Stop a ghost !' and his mouth open ed like an oven, at what he doemed his master's insanity. ' And you, Jack,' said tho farmer, turning towards the young man, ' have you seen the spirit?' ' Yes, Zur,' answered Jack, with ex- tram Jiuary vivacity ; '-Hiavc-seen-faim- dozens of times. He be red and .black; I tried to follow him, but ho turned and made such horrible faces that I was forced to run away.' The cellar in question served also for a larder, where the eatables were kept, game, vegetables, fruit, &c.;, and other delicacies reserved for the tablo of tho farmer. Dan'l Butterby had remarked this preference of the ghost for his cellar, and ' it struck him that, for a personage of the other world, its conduct was much the same as that of an ordinary thief — a reflection that caused him to come to an immediate resolve, upon which he now acted. One night, tho farmer, who had not as yet retired to rest, left his room, after having armed -himself. .with. his. sword and pistols, holding in one hand a dark lantern. In this warlike costume But terby marched, taking great care not to make any noise, and betook himself first to old Damo Nettlctop, and awakening her said — ' Follow me.' ' What are you going to do ?' cried the good woman, hastily crossing her night-dress over her bosom, a precaution which, though creditable to her modesty, was wholly unnecessary. i ' Make baste and come wi' mo dame ; I'm going to surprise the ghost.' ' The ghost.! gracious goodness !' and the dame, who was sitting up in bed fell back, as if she had received a blow from the supernatural visitor. ' Surprise a ghost ! 2<Io, Master Dan'l, I dursen't do it. I will pray for ye.; it's .all -Lean do.' Butterby replied by pulling 'the old servant somewhat roughly from the bed, to whieh she held -with both hands, cry ing out that she wasn't tidy and proper.; but her master marched out with her, saying ghosts seldom oame to see old women, and she had nothing to fear, for the uglier she looked tho hotter success they would have in frightening the -spirit. Accompanied by his nurse, the farmer" eallcd up Peter Ricketts. Mere he found greater difficulties in his path. ' What am I to do when I do get up.?' said Peter, rubbing his remarkably small eyes with his remarkably largo hands. ' Come with me, and surprise this;pre- cious -ghost who has made such cowards of you all.' ' Don't you think it would 'be better to wait till daylight?' said Peter, in afaint but insinuating voioc. ' Come, come,' said his master roughly ' don't stand talking:; take your gun, and follow me.' ' My gun 1 there's to bo firing, then ?' ' Perhaps,' said Butterby, shortly ; ' who knows but tho ghost may be of flesh and blood, like us, simple mor tals.' ' Ho may be whatever ho likes,' said Peter; ' I don't like fighting in the dark ... in the -day-time, now ' Poter, get up at once : if-ye won'-t, I'll drag thee there.' Iu-sayingjthcsq words, the farmer laid his hand upon the shoulder -of his ser vant; but the . latter, -unwilling, I sup pose to put him to so much trouble, rose with alacrity, and, having put bis clothes- on, took from undor bie pillow a largo knife, a hatchet, a hammer, a spit, and an old musket — an arsenal which he had carefully prepared in case of accidents. Buttorby now awakened several others of the household, and gave them direc tions to follow him, ordering them to make as little noise as possible. The cortege began slowly to move on wards. The farmer led his little band in the direction of the cellar, all its members, excepting himself, trembling so niuch that several times they were obliged to halt, in order to recover them selves. All of a sudden Peter uttered a wild cry ; every one stood Bttll. ' What is it?' asked tho farmer. ' I don't know,' said Peter ; ' but, sure as I'm alive, something ran against my legs.' _ ' And mine also.' — . ' And mine,' said the rest. ' You arc all a set of cowards,1 said Buttorby; ' you dou't mean. to_say_you think the ghost could pass between your logs ?' ' Why not?' ' Demons and spirits can make them selves as small as they like.' '.You are_all_a set . of fools,' said the angry Dan'l. At this moment a great black cat again crossed the passage and brushed against Butterby's valorous retainers. The procession began anew. On ap proaching the cellar, a feeble light be came visible, and a curious noise was heard. This noise resembled the mingled sounds of eating and whispering. The whole army commenced to titter. Dau'l Butterby became as red as a lobster, but he again commanded silence. They were just against the cellar, when Peter was seized with a sneeze. Immediately the faint light they had porceivcd vanished. Furious at the stupidity of his serr vant, ' the farmer walked quickly in advance, and, holding his lantern high above his head, was soon in the cellar. There he saw a table ; the fragments of a copious repast ; and a little farther off he detected something white crouching in a corner near the door. . He marched boldly towards this some thing. It was a young girl. It was the gentle Patty. The poor little servant began to cry, and could not reply when her master demanded her business there. Butterby also found great difficulty in prevailing upon her to quit the place sbe occupied. H-e at last succeeded; aad, penetrating a little vault of which the youDg girl soeracd to forbid his en trance, cried out suddenly, ' I have got the ghost1.' At these words Lis army began to tremble as with an ague fit, and were on the point of running away; but their terror ceased when they saw their master dragging out the spirit by its ear. When a ghost allows itself to be treated in this disrespectful manner, it has ceased to be dangerous. — DanT-Butterby-now-tore- off-thc-sbeet- aod nightcap under whieh the features of tie phantom were hidden. On doing, so, Jack Ingle was discovered. The un fortunate lover fell at the feet of the farmer, while pretty Patty imitated his ptsture at the opposite side. ' It be Jack. Ha'.! ha! it be Jaekl' cried the farmer's adherents, with every demonstration of joy at finding a friend in so unpleasant a position. 'I suspected as much,1 said the farmer ; and then darting a reproachful look in the direction of Patty, ' So, Mistress Patty, honest flesh and blood worn't good enough for thee, that thee must e'en ask a ghost to supperi' ' It is but natural,' said the pretty servant, half pouting and half afraid, ' that I should feed him in the night, when you starved him i' tho day.' And thus the mystery of the ghost was explained. Dan'l Butterby was at first more in clined to give vent to his anger.; but a glance at the kneeling supplicants, and another at the grinning faces around him, dictated a different and a wiser course. Raising the blushing Patty from the ground, he gave her a hearty ki68 upon each cheek, and eaid, with a. certain trcmour iu his usually strong and hearty voice — ' Thoii'rt a sly baggage, Patty, dike tho rest <S' thee deceitful sex-,; but, since none of us here satisfy thee, I suppose thou must have thee wish, and take up wi' the ghost.' There was a roar of applause from his wide-mouthed myrmidons, and the far mer proceeded, turning to Jack Ingle — ' Theer, take her, -man ; an' if thou dunnut make her a good husband, I'll cudgel thee within an inch of thy life !' Prom ithat night, it is scarcely neces sary te add, quietness and contentment resumed their reign in-ihe farm-house, and if anybody's rest was afterwards disturbed, it muBt have been the mis chievous Jack's.; for Patty, as the farmer would maliciously observe, had a tongue of her own, and knew how to use it. Indeed, some years afterwards, there were many who were slanderers enough to say, it would have been better if Jack Ingle had earlier given up the ghost. As Australian Trousseau. — I was in one of tho shops, making a few pur- ohasci, when a lucky digger came in, with his intended bride, to buy the wedding dress. I became interested in them Immediately, from their bright joyous faces, -whilst imagination was picturing them as lovers from the " old country." She was one of those tall, handsome Irish girls one often meets in that little isle of the west ; her large grey eyes were shaded by long black lashes; she had dark brown hair, a pe culiarly oval face, dimpled cheeks, and a little rosy mouth with pearl like teeth-— ' one of nature's own nobility. At first sho seemed dazzled with the finery dis played before her; but, with a woman's instiict, she caught the hints which the clever and experienced shopwoman en deavoured gently to insinuate, and7 seemingly self-possessed, allowed herself -to 'be guided in her choice as to what would be most advisable. Bilk stockings, satin shoes, and under -garments were soon -disposed of ; but the selection of -the bonnet, dress, and shawl was most perplexing. Two dresses from the heaped counter were placed side by side; magnificent dinner dresses they were.; one an Albert blue, brocaded with white, and flounced, the otheralovely ereeny tho lover preforred the green, but when she gently reminded him that it was the " fairies' colour, and unluoky," the blue was chosen, with a maize crape bonnet, and feathers, and a crimson velvet man tle. All -this I saw with a sigh, for, evidently; my. beauty would soon be converted into a -vulgar, ordinary looking girl, as she could not even -put on her finery properly. Once in her cmbarras de richness, sbe turned to me and said, "Maybe your Honor would tell me which is theprettiest." Iadvisedaquieter colour. " Ay, surer they'd be more to ray likin', too," she replied; "but its him as wants me to be grand, and sure he pays for it." — Manners in Aus tralia. The New Governor of Madras. — Sir William Denison has never been a popular Governor — he is socially too grim, and officially too self-reliant to obtain that character, whatever it may bo worth; still, wherever he has repre sented the Crown, he has compelled the respect of those whom he has governed by his spotless private life, his scientific attainments, and his manifest honesty of purposo to devote them to the improve ment of the condition-of-the colony-iu which he chanced to find himself. We are pleased to read in the Madras . AUicneeum an intimation that those whom he now governs knew exactly what to expect from him, and greeted his arrival with appropriate anticipatory gratitude. — Oriental Budget for July. Tiie Emperor Napoleon's Resi dence at Vichy. — This residence, which, as is known, has been taken foi the Emperor's use, is situated in the Roe du Park, close to the bank of the Allier. It is so situated that it can easly be secured from an importunate influx of theeurious, being protected on, the side of the park by a terrace six feet in height, and on the other sides by a wall. The villa is an excellent building in the styleof Louis XII. It is reached on the side of the garden by double flight of stone steps ornamented with four statues of children personifying the four seasons. The ground floor is raised on a subsoil, formed of rustic porphyry, fixed with Roman ccmcnt. The vesti bule is ornamented with two consoles, supported by lions' heads of natural size in carved wood, and a handsome clock in gilt bronze, iu the style of Louis XVI. The large saloon opens at tho end of the vestibule whieh is in carved wood covered with green silk damask is of the purest Louis XVI. stylo. The chimney ornaments are ex ceedingly rich, two statues of children in bronze, of natural size, supported by columns in wood, each bearing a can delabrum in gilt bronze with 14 "lights. In the centre of the saloon is agueridon -in mahogany, six feet in diameterT covered with a Elab of white marble which was formerly at Malmaison, and belonged to Queen Hortense. There are also two magnificent pictures belong ing to the crown, one of Madame Lebrun and the other signed " Angoliea Kauff- mann pinxit, Romas, 178G." Some pic tures belonging to Strauss are good enough to hold their heads beside those just men tioned. The ceiling of the salon is a painting by Jeuvenet, representing Venus and Adonis, surrounded by nymphs, cupids and tritons. There is also a fine portrait of Madame de La Rochejaquelin, in the-costume ofaVen- dean. This saloon is intended for re ceptions; it communicates with the ter race looking on the park, and will be protoeted from the sun by a linen awn ing, which will form a summer pavilion, by which fresh air may be obtained without quitting the apartment. Tho dining-room is large, and can hold a table of from twenty to thirty -covers. For the facility of tho service five mag nificent consoles in mahogany, orna mented with rich gilt bronzes and white marble slalw, have -been placed in it. The pieces of -furniture, which belong to Strauss, are of the purest Louis XV. On the wall is an admirable .painting of flowers, by Saint Jean, bearing the date of 1854, two pictures of dead life by Griff, pictures of fruit, &c.; A small waiting saloon, -hung with printed furni ture of a white ground, communicates with the vestibule and tho dining- room. It is -in this room that the persons will wait who are to have audiences with his Majesty. Apartments on the first floor have also been arranged for the personal use of the Emperor. The bed-room is bung with pink printed furniture; in it will be placed the bed which the Emperor always carries with him on his journeys, The furniture of the room is simple and in good taste. There are in it a number of pa3tels by Boucher, re- presenting female portraits and mytho logical subjects. A dressing-room and bath-room arc adjoining. Tho Emperor's private sitting-room is spacious, and cor responds to the reception saloon .on the ground floor. It is also hung with pink printed furniture. The windows look on. the park, and from his writing tablo his Majesty may, without being seen, view the basin of tho Jtond Point, and hear tho band. The rooms on the .first and second -floor are intended for the aides-de-camp and the persons -of his Majesty's suite. The garden is small, but artistically arranged in the English style. — Galignan i. 