J FBISON DISCIPLINE AT CHATHAM. £ (From Hie Times, March 20.) I Ox Sunday morning, while tho good people of § thisjnetropolis were at their prayers, a very un I plciisnnt'scene was'enacted at no great distance. I A gang bf desperate conspirators had plotted I en outbreak of which murder and arson were I but the preliminaries. .'Their next step would . have been to let loóse upon the country nearly I a thousand ruffians. On the other side, fore I warned by secret ; intelligence and prepared for I instant octioD, stood a "strong force ofmcp, i armed to the teeth, and ready to deal death I around. them at, tho first - signal from their I leaders.1 [ They..'were supported by 300 I soldiers, . and '"'the collision:. if it . had ? acm »Hy. ' occurred,", must, baye been some-, I thing more frightful than has been witnessed for many a year in thia peaceful kingdom, is terrible, indeed, to read of the préparât by which the crisis was attended. Birles, stead of being* loaded with ball/ were chai ! with buckshot, to render the effect more i derous. Men were stationed in positions i: which they could sweep a whole gallery \ their fire, and search every corner with n kerry. There was to be no warning or tem j ¡sing, as in ordinary riots. Humanity, un such circumstances, was best shown in unb tating action, and the first symptoms of turbance would have been smothered by a vol Happily, these preparations were so formida as to prevent the outbreak, and the catastro] has been escaped. AU this occurred at Chatham, in the con? prison. Mr. Charles Dickens, in his new ti is venturing attractively on this yet untrodc ground of fiction, and many readers will n obtain some insight into the character of a c viet establishment some years since. Chatha however, is one of our old institutions, far perior, as we hope, to the hulks of times gc by, and as these places are now managed it difficult to believe that the inmates could hi been driven to revolt either by i severity of tho original sentence, by aggravations experienced at the har of their gaolers. Nevertheless, for seve weeks past the convicts at Chatham have bc more or less in mutiny, and, though the fi outbreaks were effectually suppressed, a followed by proceedings judiciously attemper* the spirit of rebellion has been active ever sin A few days ago it became known to the Govi nor of the prison that a certain number of t convicts had conspired to fall upon the warde at a preconcerted opportunity, release the whe body of the prisoners,-upwards of OOO in nui ber,-set fire to the building, and effect tb< escape. This outbreak was averted for tl time by the arrangements we have describe but on Sunday the attempt was to be renewe and again, therefore, the precautions we renewed also. It seemed scarcely probable th« after these repeated miscarriages, the cons] rators should persevere in their designs, or th the authorities of the prison, after so mai warnings, should be taken at a disndvantag Of danger, therefore, there is perhaps litt fenr, but so formidable, and we may addi extraordinary, a plot, deserves strict inquiry an anxious consideration. Investigations, indeei were promptly set on foot after the first di turbanccs, but il they have resulted in an material discovery it bas not been made knowi Nobody can be surprised nt the desire of prisoner to escape from his prison, and if th« had been the chief ot ject of the revolters ther would be nothing very strange about the casi It is seldom, however, that escapes are planne by wholesale, and tho proceedings of the cor. victs, from first to last, show distinctly (ha other motives were at work among thora They professed at the outset to hav grievances. Even convicts have thei customary right», according to their owi conception?, and tho prisoners at Ohathan alleged that their dietary was insufficient, thei taskwork excessive, and the conduct of thei keepers inhuman. Some cf these complaint! could be tes'ed at once, but, as far as we an aware, the charges were not established. Wi did, indeed, observo that some of the warden received their dismissal, and that certah changes in the administration of tho prisoi were notified, but these facts were not incon sistent with the report that inefficiency, rathej than harshness of discipline, had been tbi fault actually discovered. We were informed that n portion of the convicts at Chathan had recently been removed from an establish IllUut'JJul _ X.t. uijuul J U.10UJV*.» , tho convies and keepers thus imported bael brought with them bad habits, or habits which appeared bad when contrasted with the bettei nsoges prevailing at Chatham, and tbnt tbi: was tho leaven wbich produced the; ferment The old hunda did not liko tho new system and, as no prisoner can be supposed to bo cn arnoured of his position, it was easy work tc convert submissive suffering into vindictive discontent. That seems to be the only explan ation of the affair yet obtained. Tho dis turban ces commenced as such proceedings are usually commenced by all unreason- ing and restless agents-by prisoners in a gaol, by mutineers aboard ship, or by " ghosts" in n haunted garret. The convicts made all kinds of useless and objectless noises, they threw their mess-traps about, they shrieked and yelled in their cells uutil the uproar became hideous, they kicked against their doors, and vented their destructiveness on everything within reach. Presently they attacked tho warders, and a few weeks ago they actually succeeded foi a short time in getting command of the prison. That revolt, howover, was put down, severe punishment followed, and it will be seen from our report this morning that the time was thought to bave arrived for a discriminative amnesty, when on a sudden the rebellion breaks out OD ce more. It appears to us that the most remarkable feature in the whole affair is this persistence in hopeless revolt. We oin understand tho beginning of tho business according to the current version of the story, but, besides that the design had palpably miscarried, it must be obsorved that the ringleaders had been removed. One by one, or group by group, the presumed instigators of tbe outbreak have been taken off the scene. There was a razzia made some weeks ago, and yet tho riot recurred ten days back. On that occasion four more of the " ring- leaders" were arrested, but the riot was never- theless renewed ; and, though two moro were afterwards sclec'cd and confined, it does not seem that order is permanently restored, or that the authorities of the establishment aro relieved from apprehension. This wo ennnot compre- hend. Tho prison by this time should surely have been purged of its worst elements', end, if tho mischief was owing to a bad leaven, that leaven we should think must havo been worked out. It will bo seen that a most elaborate classi- fication of the prisoners bas been made, and that every man's history is known. It seems also that tho really desperate characters^ form, as might bo expected, only a small minority, and yet the subordination of the establishment appears as distant as ever. What renders the case still moro extraordinary is, that men of this class aro rarely deficient in tho faculty of esti- mating circumstances, and it must needs be clear to them that their schemes have no chance of success. It would be natural, no doubt, to con- clude that they aro acting under tho influance of despair, and that a few such irreclaimable characters can always create an insurrectionary spirit in a community composed of sufferers. Perhaps this is about the trnth of the matter, but it will be remarked that even thc worst crimi- nals of all have not been left absolutely without hope, while the others have been provided with powerful motives for good behaviour. [ We tiust that inquiry moy throw some light upon the matter, and that the Tes ul ia will be made known. It is not awe in which it ¡3 necessary to presume any errors of system, for neither good conduct nor resignation can be altogether expected of offenders under punish- ment ; but the obstinacy of the spirit displayed at Chatham bespeaks either som9 arrange phases of convict character, OÍ som« fresh difficulties in convict management. A general reduction of the dietaries seems to us the readiest means of produing submission. 