A SANDHURST GHOST STORY. The following story has been sent to us for insertion:— "Notwithstanding that a temperance chief secretary might reasonably he expected to exercise a depressing influence upon the spirits of the colony, the spirits of the good town of Sandhurst are rumored to be in a somewhat lively state at present. The idea that this country is not suffi- ciently ancient as a civilized community to have any right, title, or interest, to having Ghosts of its own, has been shown to be an erroneous assump- tion by the events of last week's date, since a bona fide disemhodied spirit has actually been revisiting the glimpses of the moon in B—d-street, and making night hideous to more than one unfor- tunate. We almost scented sulphur as the story was told to us. We are positive that the candle did show indications of some cerulean impression, as with bristling hair we heard how that Mr. J—e S—l—d, having some claim upon a house in the street in question, which was tenantless, thought he might as well remove his streteher there, pro tem., and use it as a sleeping-place. Alas, the thought! for no sleep was his. Barely had he got his head comfortably upon his lonely pillow when he heard a noise as of some one moving in the passage. Under the im- pression that some individual had got entrance notwithstanding locked doors, he turned out for the purpose of executing a similar act upon the fancied intruder, but a hurried grope satisfied hin that no human being at least was on the premises (present company accepted), so re-turning in he composed himself only to be again discomposed by a second edition (in larger print) of the dis- turbance. Another search and another turn in were alike futile, for nothing could be discovered, and the noisewasa repeated. However, as search was useless, the night had to be passed in doubt and dread, and the welcome morning's sun found an unrested man in J—e S—l—d. But something must be done to satisfy his mind. Who was hei last tenant? was his early inquiry of a neighbor? A couple, who left after a few days' occupancy was the reply. Directed to the abode of the parties he ascertained from the lad that she had a reason for leaving that house so hurriedly as they did and when implored to impart the cause, she said that they had been disturbed at night by frequent noises, and that one night, her husband being detained late, she sat up waiting for him. At length lying down on the sofa, but wide awake, she distinctly saw the figure of a man enter the room. It approached her, and bending over her, it said in a distinct voice, "I was murdered, and my bones are buried beneath this floor!" Petrified by fear she awaited her husband's return, and this appear- ance having topped the climax of their dislike to the domicile, they gave up the lease as before stated. Mr. S. lost no time in getting the owner- ship of the property transferred to other shoulders, and so the case rests at present. [Perhaps some of our readers may supply an explanation of the joke.—ED.] 