THE FREE TRADE BANQUET AND THE POPE.' TO THE EDITOR OF THE AGE. Sir, — What had the Pope of Rome to do with the Banquet of tho other evening at the Ex hibition ? I should like tho ex-Chief Secretary, John O'Shanassy, M.L.A. to explain. It is however, very strange that political men, who pretend to stand for the rights of the people and to be the staunch supporters of constitutional liberties, are still so ignorant and bigoted in cer tain matters, that, when a question is raised regarding tho Pope, the influence on their mind oi me very name atone wouiu ttwkc tnem con tradict themselves in their political free princi ples, and forgetting the approval of enlightened Europe, ask tho public opinion at the emancipation of Italy, sing praises to the arbitary rule of tho priests, as a non 2-lus ultra of a human government and condemn whoever differ from their fanaticism _ the Knight of the Holy Ghost it appears'' Thought proper to introduce tho Italian ques tion in his speech, and mentioned that he could say little about tie Emperor of Austria, but that there was another person (the Pope) about about whom he did know a great deal. Will, now, Mr J. O'Shanassy tell us what is this great deal ho knows about tho Pope P Has he ever been in Rome, has ho ever .studied the political and economical ? con dition of tho Roman States, or had ho mtiny cosy tete-a-tute with his Holiness aliont general matters? If so, his experience and observation might be useful to this colony, per haps, if tho colonists wish to adopt tho Papal system of government. But if his knowledge is derived from Mcguiro's Book of Rome and its Rulers, or from Cardinal Wiseman's pamph lets, or from the columns of'the 'lahlet, — in that case I advise him to go to school again to learn tho Jirst principles of government and the rights of nations. But if this knowledge is derived in consequence of tho knighthood he received from the Papal government some time ago (which, hy the bye, constituted him member, and which no British subject could loyally accept as coining from a foreign potentate, without tho consent of her Mnjesty, in that case, lie, beiuu- an interested nartv. Ins opinion and hidir ircnt will bo taken for what thej' are worth. When tho Papacy pretends to bo a muiidano authority, superior to kings und princes, to whom she dictated laws and conditions, or gave or took kingdoms; when the Popes, with tho money talcc'ii from the sale of tho indulgences, reliqua riums, and by extorting from tho ignorant fanatics, kept ou their own account the Inquisi tion in all tho Catholic kingdoms, to burn alive whoever eat meat on a Friday, or had a different opinion in religious matters ; when they arro gated to themselves the right of possession, like Alexander VI., Pope Borgia, and many others, ho. were more acquainted with poisouihg, crimes, and ' immorality, than with cosmo graphy and justice, certainly at that '? time tlic Papal Government was an authority that no one dared to- opposo or contradict. But-uow tho people begin. to understand that a man can be perfectly honest whatever might bo the reli gion he belongs to, and that the salvation or the soul belongs to tho single individual— that although the priests can assume the office o£ advisers in the: e matters, they havo neither the. right nor the power to enforce them. And the European Powi ra having by modern Inws rc oognised the equality of civil rights to all reli gionists, have by this act abolished the authority, and the political influence of the Papacy in vented in the mcdiicvul time. This caused., that from some time the popes havo no. more the power that the ignorance and. superstition gave them, and instead of being:, the masters of the world and of kings, they are now the dependents of either one Emperor or another according to the political influence of that power. The Emperors of Austria took even upon themselves tho right of veto on the election of tho pope chosen from cardinals sup posed hostile to the Austrian interests, they. putting1 themselves in open contradiction-, with tho Huly Ghost, who inspired ia. conclave tho cardinals in their elections.. And at last the Papal authority upon two on three million inhabitants, instead' of lieiiig kept with that justice, love and harmony, that exists in all well-constituted countries 'between the? sovereign and tho subjects, as, for example, in. Protestant England, &c;, was only kept by a reign of terror, and by the military occupation,, and forced subjugation by tho bayonets of some; foreign army ; a system not very'creditable to a man that pretends to bo the follower and Vicar of Christ in this world. Since tho temporal power of the Popes, has been established in Rome, the Italians, have often risen in revolution, but never against Ihe head of the Church, as such, but ngai-istthe temporal government. The people of Italy ara perfectly aware that II . H. Pius IX. is a well intentioned, good-hearted, honest. man, but that he is unfortunately badly advised, and his time being wholly engaged in religious matters for the benefit of the 200.000,000 Catholics spread over tho face of the earth, it naturally follows that he cannot attend to temporal: matters, and is kept in actual ignorance of what passes around him, or is prejudiced in hist actions towards the wants of his subjects, enr vironcd as he is by Jesuitic Camarilla whojt. under the Egido of tho Papal name, commit ir* the internal policy of tho government despotic acts disgraceful to tho present ago of civilisa tion. The Cardinals havo a perfect right, according to the tenets of the Church, to elect for themselves a Pope as head of the Catholic faith ; but what right have they to choose a. sovereign for the people of the Roman States? One more subject 1 wish to impress on Me O'Shanassy's mind, and it is, that, although the Roman States arc under the government o£ the Papacy, this does not constitute that they should be deprived of their civil rights, or tha State be treated as an appanage of priest, car dinal, or monsiguors, and of all the multitude of idle prelates and religious orders, whose num ber is reckoned at 72,500, and who, unfortu nately, infest those fair regions, living on the fat of the land, at tho expense of the poor classes, — nor as a purser and provider of money for the keeping and paying the expenses of spreading the Roman Catholic faith all over tha globe. The people of Italy, willing, as they are, to leave the Pope in Rome, and to inveafc him as Head of tho Church, consider, also, that; if tho Papacy is necessary and beneficiaL to the Catholic world, Catholics in all countries^ Australia included, ought to support him ac cordingly ]»-o rata of population, and contributes towards me .rapm uuuijui/ ; auu uu uuu, uun ever fanatical or bigoted ho might be, can deny that it is perfectly unjust to saddle the charge, of the Papal Sco on t,he Italians nloue, and. that two hundred millions of Roman Catholic* should derive a benefit from the Papacy at the expense of tho Roman States. I remain, &c.; ? CIVIS ROMANUS. Melbourne, 30th August, 18GJ. 