COUNTRY NEWS. THE PROPOSED NEW ROAD TO BORO.— Mr. Sur veyor Larmer has received instruction from the Survevor-Geiieral 10 survey the road from Braidwood to Boro by way of Warri, which, at it pa.sea through S Cd^,eTcral pinions, will have u he pro Saimed. The survey is to embrace the alternative Hne to the bridge, as well aa that by the ford, m order that either may be adopted tor me Vr.,u.u^at.u... T aimer i# further inBlrncted to permanently mark the line in order that the trustees may be ubl., at once to carrvout the nenessai y clearing. When this road Sill be completed ihe distance from Uraidwood to Ooulburn will be most materially shortened.— Braid- V-Acciuknt to Mb. Momarty, M.L.A,.— Captain Mcirioltv, M.L A. lor Brtiidwood.niet with aa acbident on Wednesdav. It appears that the hon. mfinbei and another gentleman weie riding together at Miliar, on The day ill question, when the gentleman who was h little in the rear, came up and ran agnnRt C.iptain Moriarty's horse. causing it to swerve and bringing the hen. member's hncle into contact with a tree, liie iniurv sustained by Captain Moiiarty was such thut he has not been able to put his foot to the ground tince the accident happened. — Jiraiduiood Observer, Tiie Season.— Winter appears to have set m with premature severity, and during the last week we might Save been in the very middle of winter, the cold was s0 extreme. Snow fallen in all eh-vated portions of the country at the Upper Adelong. Reedy Flat, and Tumberumba. The Kiandra mailman also teports that he hud on his last journey downwards, to urge lis hoise for several miles through snow higber than the animal's i nets, sometimes rising to the saddle flaps.—Wynyard Times. DESERTER.— On Friday afternoon a man, who gave his name ns John Murray, surrendered himself to constable Tosnev, as a deserter from the 12th Regi ment. He had taken French leave of his corps at Lambing Flat, last Sunday week, and must since then have been skulking at a considerable distance from ihe road. as he wag not aware till the time of sur rmdering himself, thut the detachment to which he hi li.npi d had pasted through Goulburn. —Courier. THE HUME BRIDGE.— The plan of the proposed bridge over the Yass River at Hume's crossing-place in described by practical men as in every way superior to that previously designed. It is to be constructed on tbe principle of what is known as a 'ske*' bridge; the roadway is to be eighteen feet wide, being six {? et broader than in the former plan, and instead of one arch of 150 feet span, it is now in tended tliat there will he eleven piers and arches, the «entre one measuring fifty-five feet, The height of .' the floorine is to be twenty. six feet above the ordinary ?water-level ; four feet above the flood line in March, 1S6P, end rests on the reputed line of the flood in 1862.— Yass Couritr. THE MILITARY. — The Ooulburn Chronicle of Satur day, in noticing the march of the detachment of the 12'h through that town, from Lambing Flat, says Whether the campaign has i nproved their diseipline snd efficiency we cannot undertake to say, but the appearance ol the men, quasi men, was certainly more healthy and evi n mere military than when they passed through Ooulburn to the scene of the disturbance. On the following afternoon the artillery in charge of the held-pieceB afforded a 'spectacle' to the towns folk bv a little blank practice beyond the Old Town ship, where some of the powder provided for a deadlier emergency was burned, let us hope, as a/«u de joie for the restored tranquillity amongst the dipgeis. Serious Accident. — An accident which might have been attended with fatal result happened at the Cattle Show, to Mr. A. Everett, of Sydney, the gen tlemen who has the contract for the erection of the new gaol. Mr. Everett was riding his horse (appa rently a quiet one) from the place of exhibition to the ground on which the ploughing match was taking place, when he met a party on horseback ; as they passed the wind caught the skirt of the habit of a lady, which so frightened Mr. Everett's horse that he threw him. Unfortunately, there was a log in the way, and in falling, Mr. Everett's face came in con tact nith it. Considerable alarm was created for the moment, from the quantity of blood which flowed. We arc happy to say that with the exception of Mr. Everett's face being literally bruised all over, he is not otherwise hurt. Every one who Baw the accident considered that the escape was most providential. — IFeittrn Post and Mudgee Newspaper. Cauoht at Last. — Some few weeks ago, a fellow named James Kelly was charged before the Braid wood bench with having committed a robbery at Major's Creek, and stolen some good service medals and other articles, the property of James Todd ; on that occasion, the prosecutor not appearing, the prisoner was discharged ; but a warrant for his appre hension -was, at the instance of Todd, afterwards granted by Mr. Joseph Taylor. Immediately after this, Kelly made himself scarce, and nothing more was heard of him until a day or two ago, when cor poral Walmsley, of Araluen, who had been to the Gulf in attendance on Mr. Commissioner Griffin, happened to be going to the court house, at Moruya, when he met Kelly coming out, he having been just discharged with a reprimand for drunkenness. Walmsley at once arrested him, and he will now, in all probability, meet his deserts. — Braiiaaod DUpitch. Postal Arrangements on the Lacklax. — Our attention has bein urgently requested to the present unsatisfactory mode of mall delivery on the Lower Lachlan. There is no post- office, it appears, between Condobolin and the Murray River at Hay ; and tlie mail is carried on horseback between those places, the mailman leaving on his way the letters or newspapers addressed to persons residing on or near the various stations on the route. If this were done regularly and systematically, there would, doubtless, be little cause of coirplaint ; but the delivery it would seem is very irregularly performed, and letters and news papers seldom reach their destination till long after proper time; whilst fully half the tiewspipeis are never delivered at all. The reason of this iriegularity, we are informed, is this ; the mailman is not bound to travel by any fixed routes, and accordingly takes either one side or other ot the rivt r as it best suits his own convenience or fancy. Now when it is con sidered that stations are many mdes apart, and per sons have often to travel as far as twenty miles to procure their letters and newspapers, the dis appointment and inconvenience must be very great indeed, when the anticipated missives are found to have miscariied. Were fixed routes insisted upon, and the mailmen held responsible for the papers and letters entrusted to them, und— as there are stations on both sides of tbe iiver— if it w ere understood that on certain stated days the mailman would call at par ticular stations on either side, we should probably hear no more complaints. This is a question of great importance to the settlers, and, we trust, it will re ceive due attention at die hands of the Postmaster General. — Bathurst Timet. Representation of Goulburn.— No local candi date has yet offered himself. An address to the electors has, however, been issued by Mr. Maurice Alexander, of Sydney, a partner in the firm of Davies, Alexander, and Co. Though not a resident, Mr. Alexander, by his business relations, is intimately con nected with the town, and identified with its interests. Mr. C. Kemp has been spuken of in certain quarters, but as yet neither that gentleman nor his friends have taken any action with a view to his election. We learn, moreover, that there is an intention to invite Mr. J. H. Plunkett to come forward as a candidate, and if that gentleman should consent to be put in nomination, his success, we apprehend, would not be doubtful. — Goulburn Chronicle oj Saturday. 'The Traffic through Cowka. — The Bathurst Fret Press correspondent, writing to that journal on the 22nd ultimo, says On Monday last, I took the trouble of counting the drays and other travelling conveniences that passed through the town, and the following is the result and order of arrival -.—Three horse- drays, drawn by fifteen horses, driven by three men, and accompanied by four other travellers : two light horse-drays, drawn by six horses, driven by two men, and bearing two women and four or five chil dren ; three bullock-drays, drawn by thirty bullocks, driven by three men, and accompanied by four other travellers (men) ; then followed a succession of per sons on foot and horseback, fourteen in number ; at one hour of the day (two o'clock) I counted ten bullock-drays in a string, passing the town on their way downwards, that is towards Bathurst, each dray was drawn by ten bullocks, and ' of coune driven by one man, four or five other men, a sort of off- side bullock- carriers accompanied the cavalcade ; all those drays were empty, a few spare bullocks were being driven along with the drays, ss that this caravan must have in hand 160 bullocks and fifteen men ; next came four loaded drays drawn by forty bullocks, and driven by lour men ; next came a light liorse-dray with three horseB and one man ; then followed a dog-cart with lour passengers ; succeeded again by three horse ays drawn by fifteen horses, and driven by three ?en and one boy ; then came two footmen, three Horsemen, one horseman, two footmen, three footmen ; Mter which came a light, covered cart with a family women and children, four in number ; then came Mother light dray, thi ee horses, with another family, nvc in number ; odd footmen and others filled up tne We till tho Lambing Flat coach arrived Horn the diggings, witn I atn told nine passengers, drawn by Ave horses ; then c-imo the Bathurst coach with some dozen passengers, and also drawn by five horses ; in the course of the Sbrnc day a large flock (|f sheep crossed the Fjichlti'i atKloilyan, probably 1000 or 1209. Were I to ad 1 the local traffic in the immediate neighbourhood of the tuwn, I would probably have tu add sone d izeti more drays, five or six caits and gigs, and perhaps twenty or thirty horse and foot ; I have not d me tliiB, however, but simply stated the number of those who appeared to be strangers passing through the town on their way to and fiom the all absorbing Lambing Flat. Now, just fancy all this movement stopped by the rising of the river for a week or ten days, and what a uicbb they would be in without a bridge, a punt, or anything else ; but aboat some fifteen or sixteen feet long to lug all across the river, at the rate of half a ton a tiip for goods, and six or seven passengers. Lono Sentences under the Vagrant Act.— The discussions as to the length of sentence inflicted by magistrates, during the passing of the recent Act to limit the juiisdiction of magistrates in that respect, has led some of the police authorities to search as to the number of sentences of two years' imprisonment in Maitland gaol, given in this district since the Vagrant Act was passed, at the close of 1860. They prove to he five in number only, as follows : — In 1852, Caroline Walker was sentenced to two years' impri sonment by the Dungog bench, _ for being an habitual diunkard, and the second conviction under the Va grant Act; in 1855, Frederick Johnson was similarly sentenced by the Maitland bench, for being illegally on prcmises ; in 1855, Mundivo (an aboriginal) was thus sentenced by the Dungog bench, for indeceut exposure, and indecently assaulting women ; in 1856, John Phillips was thus sentenced by the Dungog bench, under a warrant forwarded with him to Sydney gaol ; and in 1856, John Edwards was thus sentenced by tlie Atmidale bench, for being illegally on pre mises. — Maitland Mercury. Our Census Returns. — We have been furnished by the registrar, with the following statistics of the census ot the district of Tenterfield. Township of Tenteifield and its environs, 675 ; north-eastern por tion of tbe district (comprising Maryland, Undercliff, Acacia Creek, and lloonoo lioonoo), 232 ; south westirn portion (including Bolivia), 168 ; eastern por tion (including the Tableland gold flelds), 289. Total, 1361. There are supposed to be 60 male and 32 female aboriginals in the district. — Tenterfield Chiotttclc. The School of Arts Exhibition. — We hear with pleasure, from Mr. Burns, that the expectation of Sir John Young's presence at the opening of the Exhibition at the School of Arts is one that miy be - relied upon ; and that hiB Excellency, in bis inter- , view wiih the deputation, manifested much interest ' in the institution, and expressed his willingness to ; assume the position lately held by Sir William Deiiison, as its patron. The prospects of the success : of the exhibition are bright. — Mercury. Accident to thb Bishop of Newcastle. — On Wednesday as Dr. Tyrell was returning home from WeBt Maitland, his horse shied at the Victoria Bridge, and bolted, throwing its rider on the ground. Al though tlie Bishop fell, with considerable violence, on his head, we are glad to learn that he did not sus tain any BeriouB injury. — Maitlaud Ensign. Accident with Gunpowder. — Oa Thursday a severe accidcnt occurred at St. John's School, to a lad named John Doran, one of the boarders at the school. It appears that he was amusing himself un observed in the back yard by putting gunpowder into a glass bottle, and endeavouring to explode it by throwing in live coals from the fire. The powder not exploding SB he expected, be approached the bottle, and stooped to look into it, but at that moment the powder ignited, and the explosion injured his eye aad fare, to what extent we cannot at present state. Dr, Liddell iB in attendance upon him. Up to Friday morning, although the inflammation had been much reduced, he could not see at all, nor was it certain whether the sight of the eye most injured could be preserved. — Maitland Slereuty, of Saturday. Discovery of Human Remains. — During the past week, as Mr. Dickson, of Saw-pit Gully was pros pecting about the neighbourhood, he ceme upon some ground which he thought was likely to answer, and commencing operations, dug a few feet, when he came upon some boat ds. Following up the discovery, he found that it w as a ceffin containing human remains. Dr. Beer -was sent for, when it was found to be the skeleton of a Chinaman, the flesh upon the bones being much decomposed, and apparently having been buried about three months. It may be remembered that about that peried, a large number of Chinese then residing in the locality decamped, their sudden depar ture being accounted for by their labouring uider the delusion that the neighbourhood was haunted by a ghost. It is no w supposed that the exodus took place in conscquence of the interment of this body, as it is believed that the deceased met -with foul play, and his countrymen decamped before the outrage should be discovered. — Btaidaood Observer. Mudgee Agricultural Association.— A meeting was held on the afternoon of the 21st, in the town hall, for completing the arrangements for the forth coming exhibition. There was a large number of the Council present. Mr. G, H. Cox, president, took the chair. The minutes of the last meeting having been confirmed, one or two important alterations were made in the regulations. There were likewise some changes made in the committee. Mr. Deacon was appointed to act under the committee of management, to receite the produce, and enter in a book the names of the exhibitors, to superintend generally the shed, and see that all things were in proper order. Mr. Marley informed the meeting that he had, with the assistance of Messrs. A. 1). Cox and Healy, selected a piece of land in Mr. Keadford's paddock for the ploughing match, and that everything was ready for the reception of stock, &ct;— Western Post and Mudgee J\'t uipoyir, Goulburn Gaol.— Mr. Uhr, the sheriff, has been ill this town, and has inspected the gaol, of which Mr. Fallon, who has for some time past acted in the capacity ot head turnkey, has been appointed acting governor. Beiuuma. — A meeting of the inhabitants of the dis trict of Btriima was held at Green's Hotel, on Mon day, the 27th, for the purpose of urging on the Go vernment the necessity of doing something in the nature of repairs to the Great Southern Road. Mr. John Moirice, M.L.A., was voted to the chair, and stated that the present was only a preliminary meeting for the purpose of passing resolutions to be brought for ward at a general meeting to be called on some future day. Mr. H. M. Oxley, J.P., stated that he thought resolutions should be passed at once. Mr. Andrew Badgery, J.P., also thought something should be done at once. He heard Mr. Walsh state at a meeting in Goulburn the otber day, that the roads were better now than they had been for some years. He differei very much from that gentleman. He thought they should work together, throwing politics aside, and suggested a public meeting should be called at the court-houfie that day fortnight, to decide upon the best means of having communication on the Great Southern Boad. The Rev. Mr. Hassall also Bpoke in the same terms, and it was agreed to call a meeting on the 10th proximo. — Goulburn Chronicle. A Chine6e Thief. — On Saturday last, several Chinamen who were travelling through Yass called at the 6tore of Mr. H. Turner, and purchased a few tiifling articles 4 they had scarcely gone, however, when Mr. Turner discovered that a blue flannel guernsey had been stolen, and followed the China men. He came up with them about a quarter of a mile from his store, and on opening out their swags could see no traces of the stolen property. Mr. Turner began to think that he had wrongfully sus pected John, but on taking a laet look at the Mongo lians, he noticed one of the party who appeared to be hunchbacked. This struck him as rather singular, for whatever deformities Celestials possess, he did not remember having previously seen one with a hunch back. He therefore accoBted this particular indivi dual, and on examination, found that the protu berance between the shoulders was caused by the missing guernsey being there concealed. — Toss Viurier. Baihurst Transit Association. — On Monday afternoon 9 meeting ol the members of the committee of the above association was held, ' for the purpose of udopting, measures for co-operating with the citi zens of Sydney in the attainment of improved transit between Sydney aud Bathurst/' Mr. Home, as secretary 4-f the association, said he had galled the meeting for the purpose of diBouBsing the great ques tion ot transit. It had already been proposed that, owing to the difficulty of- establishing railroads through the country, tr'amroads should be substi tuted ; and ee the inhabitants of the Southern districts were already moving in the matter, he thought the Western districts Bhould not be behind them, and if it were not possible to ohtain a railroad, then we ought to make an effort to get the next best mode of transit that offered itself. Mr. Hawkins, the president of the Association, took the chair, and, after referring to the numerous meet ings which had been held in Bathurst 111 connection with this subject, expressed liis regret that they had been co often called together without any satisfactory results. He was of opinion that thev ought still to persevere, as by a continual knocking they might ultimutelv obtain what they desired. He thought they «ug&t; to bo fully prepared to discuss (he import* aiit questions of rail aud tramroads, and it was highly detnublo that those who were acquainted with statis tics in reference to these matters should afford infor mation to the members of the Association. Mr. W. II. Suitor Kiid he thought it would be udvisa')le to adji urn tl c meeting to another day, as they were not then prepaieJ to diseu-s ihe question fully.' Mr. W. Fumiiid concurred in this suggestion. The meeting should be considered a pieliminary one, and another meeting cidlcd for further discussion. He had paid much attention to the question of railways and was a thorough railway man ; but the difficulties of carrying out railroads in this colony appeared to be 80 great that the Government had not been able to overcome tliem, und it was now a question whether we ought not to endeavour to obtain a tmmroad. Still he would maintain the position he had long since tuken, that if the Government constructed railroads to the other distiic'.s, the Western ought not to be excepted. Mr. Suttor said when in Sydney he had made it his buBinesB to inspect all the tramways in or near that city, and after describing one constructed by Sir Danii 1 Cooper at Point Piper, over which mote weight had pussed during the last eight months than had passed over the Bathurst roads in five years, without in any way injnring the road, he was of opinion that if a r ad so substantial could be made 100 yards in length, it might be extended to 100 milts. A committee was ultimately appointed to make arrangements for a public meeting, of which due notice will be given.— Abridged from the Free l'rtis of Wednesday. The Census for the Police District of Yass. — The tellowing is the return of the censuB for the police district of Yass, as collected on the 7th ultimo : — Town of Yass ... ... ... ... 1145 Village of Gunning ... ... ... 191 Southern portion of county of King ... ... 2317 Northern portion or county of Murray ... |}03 Tortionof Muriumlridtfee Pastoral District ... 83 Ditto of the Lachlnn Pastoral District ... 79 Total ? According ta the census taken in 185S, the population of the police district of Yass was 4009, so that it will be seen that the increase in the five years only amounts to 349 souls. This is to be accounted t'01 from the fact of a large number having temporarily left the dis trict for theLambing Fiat Gold- fields. In the town of Yass the increase is more gratifying, the numbers for 1856 being 669 against 1115 in the present year, thus showing an increase of 485. The population uf Gunning in 1856 was 125, against 191 in the prAeut year, the increase being only 56.— Courier. Carcoar. — The conespondent of the Ba'hurst Free Prtss writes . — We have had real winterly weather for Bome weeks past ; although there has not been much rain our farmers are all busy ploughing, and tbe 1 ground is in goud working order. Several hundreds of the Chinese left tins place for Native Dog Creek, but during this week u great many of them have re- ; turned again, being better satisfied with the Belubula 1 than with tbe ' Dingo ' Diggings. The following is , a return of the numbers ot inhabitants of this district, as Kindly furnished by our district registrar Town of Carcoar... ... ... 874 inhabitants Tovra of Covrra ... ... ... 192 „ i Country Distwct. 1 County of Bathurst ... ... 2779 „ j County of Gcorgiaua ... ...1511 „ ?4856 By thiB return it appears that the Carcoar district con tains nearly two thousand more inhabitants than the district of Orange.— A few days ago two Chinamen ere stopped upon the highway and robbed of their money and some pigs, which they were driving. 