WHAT THINGS ARE COMING TO ! (BY OUR CLAIRVOYANT REPORTER.) ARREST, TRIAL, AND SENTENCE OF THREE NOTORIOUS OFFENDERS UNDER HERBERT'S GAGGING ACT JULY 1ST. YESTERDAY the trial of the, first three of- fenders yet arraigned under the Act known as " Herbert's Gagging Act," came off at the Legislative Assembly. The prisoners' names, it will be remembered, are Brown, Jones, and Robinson, and they had been en- gaged up to the moment of their arrest in reporting debates for the Courier in the Legislative Assembly and Council. Jones it will be recollected, the day before yester- day, reported a speech of the hon. member for Maranoa verbatim et literatim, and this was very justly under the act held to be a libel upon the hon. member, and a con- tempt of the house generally. This of- fence, taken in connection with the fact that Brown created a disturbance by maliciously upsetting a chair as he entered the reporters' gallery, and that Robinson had expressed rather audibly a wish whilst Mr. Watts was on his legs, that that gentleman would " cut it short," of course fully justified an order being issued for their arrest, and Captain Coley and his emissaries were at once put on the scent. Brown was caught as he was emerging from the Courier office at two o'clock in the morning on his way home; Jones and Robinson were arrested about two hours previously as they were imbibing beer out of pewter pots in the coffee- room of Mr. Macadam's Sovereign Hotel. No resistance was offered by either of the prisoners. They have been kept in separate cells during the brief period elapsing between their arrest and trial. When on the following morning the news of the arrest became known throughout the city, great excitement was manifested by all classes; and as the hour for their trial drew near, a number of people had congregated outside the precincts of the Legislative Chambers. The three prisoners were brought up handcuffed to each other, and under guard of a strong detachment of police, military, and volunteers. A brief description of the prisoners may not here be out of place. Brown, the eldest of the pri- soners, is of somewhat plethoric habit. His hairs have been, somewhat blanched by the hand of time. None of that fero- city is discernable in his counte- nance which so often characterises the hardened criminal. On the contrary he appears an easy going mortal of benevolent, disposition and jolly temperament. He was; dressed in a black swallow-tail coat and white trowsers, and bore his imprisonment, with rather a jaunty air. We hear that this prisoner is a married man with a family, and on this account his fate met with much greater commiseration from the people than of the other criminals. Jones, the second prisoner is a stout, robust looking young man of a slovenly and dissipated aspect. He has a vulgar and democratic appearance, walks with a rather slouching gait, and like many of his betters, affects an eye-glass, being however we learn in reality very near-sighted. There is, however, an air of jocularity and good humour about the rascal which is far from being unprepossessing. Robinson is a young man of more aristocratic appearance than either of the other criminals, and was, with regard to dress, " got up," as it is vulgarly termed, for the occasion with much taste. All the prisoners throughout the trial showed a dreadful insensibility to their awful situation. The prisoners having been placed at the bar for contempt of the_House, the trial of which we are forbidden, by the authorities, to give more than the following brief report, then commenced:— The ATTORNEY GENERAL prosecuted, and said that it was now necessary for the House to vindicate its privileges, as they now, thanks to his hon. colleague, possessed the power to do so. The prisoners were old, hardened, and notorious offenders. Two of them had, during the last session, frequently offended against, the dignity of the House, and during the present session their offences had exceeded all calculation. The House would no doubt call to mind that memor- able occasion, when the reporters in one of his lucid, clear, consistent, and logical ora- tions, had had the. audacity to put 'would' for 'should.' Now he could adduce evidence, to prove that on that occasion these three prisoners were implicated. The prisoners would not plead that they had not had full warning. If they chose to go there to report they must take the consequences. This was the first offence brought up under the act, and he thought an example should be made. He (the Attorney-General) was sorry to think that one man with grey hairs, and two others of apparent respectability, should be ultimately led by a career of vice to follow that degraded occupation which they were now pursuing. He trusted the House would vindicate their privileges. Mr. FERRETT thought these reporters a very dangerous class of the community, and it was quite time for that hon. House to put a stop to them. If that hon. House did not put a stop to them then, he was of opinion that we should have this dangerous class of people coming from Sydney and every other part of the world. He had last session tried to put a stop to them, and the hon. Colonial Secretary had laughed at him, but now that hon. gentleman had found out his mistake. They were, he contended, a very dangerous class of people. (Laughter.) Hon. mem- bers might laugh, but he could tell them that these people were always laying hon. members of that hon. House open to ridicule. He believed that the government of New South Wales were at the bottom of this, and they ought to be ashamed to send these people to sow discord in this colony. With these few re- marks he begged to leave the matter in the hands of that honorable house. THE COLONIAL SECRETARY had sometime ago expressed an opinion to the effect that the dignity of the house rendered it essenti- ;ally necessary that something should be done to put a stop to the licentiousness of the press, and he was very glad to see his suggestion so promptly acted upon. No doubt in old countries, where institutions were consolidated, the liberty of the press, as it was termed, was the cause of the exer- cise of much healthy influence upon, public opinion. Here however, where our institu- tions were in embryo, matters were totally different. The minds of the people were in- cited to vacillation and change, and vulgar ignorant editors bespattered with abuse gen- tlemen who could not be expected to take high situations unless they had more pro- tection. Even his Excellency, who, for a paltry pittance of some £4000 a year, had left a glorious career, in the Ionian Islands in order to come to Queensland, " to do more for the colony than any man, with the exception of Dr. Lang,"—even this exalted, intellectual,, and philanthropic personage was not secure from the scurrilous attacks of unknown writers. To use the words of that eminent and exalted personage—that is he (the Colonial Secretary) meant to say, to use the recent words of an eminent and exalted writer in an influential and widely circulated periodical, we are here cursed with a press "false to the people, and dis- loyal to the Crown." (Hear, hear.) He commiserated the fate of the three prisoners at the bar, who appeared to have been re- spectably connected, but he would remind the house that they would be acting a more merciful part by once and for all putting a stop to such offences. Mr. BLAKENEY here rose, but his emotions choked his utterance. He said he had known all the prisoners since they were boys, and he could vouch for their virtue, honesty, and high gentlemanly feelings. He also knew the manly, honest, and inde- pendent journal with which they were now connected, and sooner than that the meanest man on that journal should have one hair of his head injured, he (Blakeney) would be prepared to lay down his life. Mr. LILLEY rose, not to excuse the pri- soners, but to urge on their behalf s some ex- tenuating circumstances. He was induced to do so because he could not but remember that he had once been addicted to those depraved pursuits which the prisoners were now charged with follow- ing: but he had long since seen the error of his ways. (Cheers, and great sensation.) He would urge that the youth and innocence of the two younger prisoners should be taken into consideration. (Cries of "Oh, oh."} Again, let them look upon tho older pri- soner, and remember that a wife and family depended upon him for support. Amongst those who had been reared in such a station of life, and amid the class of companions with whom such criminals as these usually mixed, from men so brought up from ten- derest infancy, how could society expect that same keen sense of moral purity and obli- quity which happily reigned in that House, more especially upon the Government Benches. (Hear, hear.) Moreover, let them reflect that these prisoners had occasionally shown symptoms of a capacity for refor- mation, and of a benevolence of disposition. Let them reflect that these prisoners had on more than one occasion drawn a veil of decency over debates in that house, when, had the scenes which came under their notice been fully described, and the words uttered faithfully reported, the House would have been brought into public ridicule. (Hear, hear.) These circumstances should.be taken into consideration when the Speaker pro- nounced judgment against the culprits. Mr. TAYLOR did not care what was put into the papers, but he thought it high time that a check was put upon the licentiousness f the Brisbane Press.' He wished to know, however, how much these three men were to cost the country. He had seen it stated in public print that they were to be supplied with bottled beer, and sumptuous dinners at the public expense. Here was another instance of government extravagance, which was ruining the country. He should vote that the prisoners, after their sentence had been .awarded, instead of being pampered at the public expense, be fed on hominy and ;the Executive could go and dine with them off that, if they chose. He should also propose, that the prisoners be employed in building the lunatic asylum, since they had been such fools as to go and report what was uttered in that House. The COLONIAL TREASURER did not know what to do, nor where to go. He could not please everybody, and what with these fel- lows in the paper abusing him for one thing, and the Downs people abusing him for another, and Herbert getting him into scrapes, and the Maryborough, people stating with their usual voracity that he was robbing them of all their, money—he really, wished the whole affair at perdition. He thought these fellows were jolly- looking fellows enough, .and, what he had seen of them, good tempered enough; but why couldn't they leave off the infernal habit of poking fun at people. Then there was the " Ghost of Ban Ban," who had been making a row about the Post-office— which, by the bye, put him in mind that he had forgotten to state to the House, when he delivered his financial statement, that the Light-ship Rose,—(but, before he alluded to that topic, it would be as well for him to premise that the female immigrants had all been paid for out of the loan account), which brought him back to his original statement, that he believed the prisoners at the bar had been selected from a very undesirable class of immigrants. From this statement, and the papers bofore them, the House could see that he did not know where the money was to come from, for committals under this Act would be, he was sure, very numerous, and it would be as well, perhaps, to provide for them out of the loan account. He hoped he had dearly, made his opinions understood upon the subject before the House. . Mr.:Watts thought tho crime of the pri- soners hoinous, and they must suffer for it. But he. believed there was one thing to be said in extenuation of their offence. He was ^well aware that they bad been instigated and incited to those crimes by one Theophilus P. Pugh. (Hear, hear.) Let that man be- ware how he attempted to tamper with tho feelings of that house,, by sending reporters there to insult them. '? Ho hoped the govern- ment would take, up this matter, and, not content with punishing these poor ?¦; tools, would bring that insidious and malevolent criminal to the bar of justice. , (Hear, hear.) No ono else rising to speak the prisonors were asked if;they had anything to say in '.their defence. They, all however maintained a solemn silence, whilst their visagos woie a most unbecoming; appearance of indecorous levity. The SPEAKER then put on his black cap, and said—"Prisoners at the bar,—After a long and patient investigation of your case, you have been found guilty of violating the laws of this free country. The case has been fully made out against you. It grieves me much, Brown, to see your grey hairs brought to this disgrace. You appear to be a man who might have had a long, useful, and honorable career before you, but now your reputation is tarnished, and your evil ways have caused you to be cut off in your prime. Jones and Robinson, it is not for me to inquire how, step by step, you have sunk to your present depth of degradation. It grieves me much to see those so young in years so hardened in sin. There is yet, however, time for you to reform, and even- tually by subsequent years of honest toil, to regain that place in society which you have now for so long a period forfeited. The first step in vice is easily taken, but with difficulty retracted. When once it is taken the victim may struggle in vain; temptation allures him on, until he is finally drifted into a re- porter's gallery, and the exercise of wicked and lawless courses. The sentence which the law imposes upon you is, that you un- dergo two years' imprisonment in her Majesty's gaol, and may your fate now act as a warning to others who are following a similarly wicked profession." A groat sensation was perceptible in tho houso'1 whon tho sentence was delivered. Brown, tho elder prisoner, with a very loud voice, proceeded to protest against tho sentence as, illegal, and threatened to appeal to the Privy Council. . He wasimmediately removed,' and niter taking an affectionate leave of bis wife and children, was con- ducted back to prison. Jones' begged to say a few words? "If any young person bo hore present, I de siro bira to tako warning byrne. I was virtuous until I acquired an appetite for beer. ' Drink, my young friends, drink lins brought me to . Hub. I, sank lower and ; loVyer. until I. took,to writing for the Press, -armhactl not now in time received this salutary check, my final disgrace might havo been;.consummated, and' my -riged parents !would 'have 'lived to seo their son in the' do graded position of a member of Parliament." (Loud cries of "order; brdor," " Privilege, privilege,", during which tho prisoner was removod.) -. Robinson morely threatened to pitch into somo of them when he got out again. Ile alsawas at once removed. AVe learn that the elder prisoner, toking into consideration his plelhoiio habit, has boen loniontly freed from tasks of hard labour, and is now picking .oakum till a moro profitable field for his labour can bo found. Jones is ongnged on thc gaol,wall, and Bobiuson is breaking stones. LATEST INTELLIGENCE. It is rumoured that ono of tho youngor prisoners is a fugitive from Cockatoo; tho truth of this rumour we think is very .doubtful. Tlio Rev. Mr. Moffatt is assiduous in "^^s.sattendaqce,and.repor.t3 that the younger 'prisoners begin, to evince signs of penitence; the heart.oi'.-BroWnvliowever, appcar's^to'ibev . Sard^ubd; "V.'"-'", I (<"-!!: ' sIt is stated on .good, authority that so C!i>i!iniuob^affected;was the remaining reporter in ¦ i*il'i''iho:'gallery,.(wlio,'by tho bye, belongs to tho ¦'"'"I- dthp'r establishment) by tho awful, scene at '?".'"'Sth'e' trial bf the throb prisoners, that he at ''.'j^nboJ^Setcrminod-to leave his abandoned {) ,'j'course,,; and resigned his employment. A ;',!j ^subscriptionwas immediately got up to |1I;; ns|art him in the ginger beer and oyster lino.. r>})«! Jt.,w.ill be thus seen that, thanks to tho wisc isjdtilegislation of tho present governme'ut,.ltho ;i.i ./'depraved taste of tho public for "tho perusal, ocuJ bf^padiameutary debates will! nb longer "bo ilO pandered tp; and our patriotic legislators may 'si-mow live in peace. ,,. ^ i : 