VARIETIES. A WONDERFUL PHYSICIAN.—NOW, Far- quhar was one time a drover in the Reay country, and he went from Glen Gollick to ENGLAND (some say Falkirk), to sell cattle; and the staff that he had in his hand was hazel. One day a doctor met him. "What's that," said he, "that ye have got in y'r hand?" "It is a staff of hazel" "And where did ye cut that?" " In Glen Golling north, in Lord Reays country " " Do ye mind the place and the tree?." "That do I" "Could ye get the tree ?" "Easy." "Well, I will give ye gold more than ye can lift if ye will go back there and bring me a wand off that hazel tree ; and take this bot- tle and bring me something more, and I will give thee as much gold again Watch at the hole at the foot, and put the bottle to it ; let the six serpents go that come out first, and put the seventh one into the bottle, and tell no man, but come back straight with it here " So Farquhar went back to the hazel glen, and when he had cut some boughs off the tree he looked about for the hole that the doctor had spoken of. And what should come out but six serpents, brown and barred like adders. Those he let go, and clapped the bottle to the hole's mouth, to see would any more come out. By-and-by a white snake came rolling through. Farquhar had him in the bottle in a minute, tied him down, and hurried back to England with him. The doctor gave him siller enough to buy the Reay country, but asked him to stay and help him with the white snake. They lit a fire with the hazel sticks, and put the snake into a pot to boil. The doctor bid Farquhar watch it, and not let anyone touch it, and not to let the steam escape, "for fear," he said, "folk might know what they were at " He wrapped up paper round the pot lid ; but he had not made all straight when the water began to boil, and the steam began to come out at one place. Well Farquhar saw this, and thought he would push the paper down round the thing, so he put his finger to the bit, and then his finger into his mouth, for it was wet with the bree. Lo ! he knew everything, and the eyes of his mind were opened" "I will keep it quiet though," said he to himself. Presently the doctor came back, and took the pot from the fire. He lifted the lid, and dipping his finger in the steam-drops he sucked it, but the virtue had gone out of it, and it was no more than water to him " Who had done this ?" he cried, and saw in Farquhar's face that it was he. " Since you have taken the bree of it, take the flesh too," he said in a rage, and threw the pot at him. Now Farquhar had become all wise, and he set up as a doctor. There was no secret hid from him and nothing that he could not cure. He went from place to place and healed men, and so they called him Farquhar Leigheach, (the healer.) Now he heard that the king was sick, and he went to the city of the king, to know what would ail him. "It was his knee," said all the folk, " and he has many doctors, and pays them all greatly, and whiles they can give him relief, but not for long, and then it is worse than ever with him, and you may hear him roar and cry with the pain that is in his knee, in the bones of it." One day Farquhar walked up and down be- fore the king's house, and he cried, "The black beetle to the white bone." And the people looked at him, and said that the strange man from the Reay country was throughother. The next day Farquhar stood at the gate and cried, " The black beetle to the white bone !" and the king sent to know who it was that cried outside, and what was his business. The man, they said, was a stranger, and men called him Physician. So the king, who was wild with pain, called him in; and Farquhar stood before the king, and aye " The black beetle to the white bone !" said he. And so it was proved. The doctors, to keep the king ill and get their money, put at whiles a black beetle to the wound in the knee, and the beast was eating the bone and his flesh, and made him cry day and night. Then the doctors took it out again, for fear he should die ; and when he was better they put it back again. This Farquhar knew by the serpent's wisdom that he had, when he laid his finger under his teeth ; and the king was cured, and had all his doctors hung. Then the king said that he would give Farquhar lands or gold, or whatever he asked. Then Farquhar asked to have the king's daughter, and all the isles that the sea runs round, from Point Storr to Stromness in the Orkney's ; So the king gave him a grant of all the isles. But Farquhar the physician never came to be Farquhar the king, for he had an ill wisher that poisoned him, and he died.—Popular Tales of the West Highlands. By T. F. Campbell. A St. Petersburg letter informs us that the decree emancipating the Russian pea- sants has been signed by the Emperor Alexander, and that it is expected to be pro- mulgated on the 1st of January . Various rumours are in circulation respecting the essential character of this gre it reform, but nothing certain has yet transpired, except the important fact that personal liberty of the serf is formally stipulated- Opinion Nationale. PUNCH'S PLAN OF PREVENTING WAR Punch proposes an Assurance Society for Monarchs. Duelling has been abolished Assurance Societies', which forfeit the poli- cíes of men killed in duels. War may be abolished by similar means" Kings who choose to assure in ' Punch's' society will, exchange for moderate premuims, receive bonuses at stated periods, but if they go to war the payments will be stopped, and the other Kings, their sureties, will " sept to quod" :— " Sovereigns would, of course, have to submit the usual examination A King proposing to assure might be asked "1—How about your Constitution ? "2—Have you ever been afflicted with Divine Right, or any other insanity ? "3.—Have any of your ancestors died violent deaths, as by the block, guillotine, private strangu- lation ? &c; "4— Are you subject to Priests, or any similar affliction ? "5—Give the name of your political adviser, and say how long he has known you "6— Are you assured in the Holy Alliance any other old office ? "Further details will be published in due course. In the meantime, Mr Punch, Pro- visional Director and Manager, invites the consideration of capitalists to this scheme It appears to be to be a noble idea, en- tirely in conformity with the spirit of the age, and highly calculated to bring about the Millenium " N.B.—The valuable service of Mr John Bright will, if possible, be retained for the Actuary's Department " The following epitaph is to be found in the church yard of Upton on Severn :— Beneath this stone, in hopes of Zion, Doth lie the landlord of the " Lion ' His son keeps on the business still, Resigned unto the Heavenly will. Cherening-leClay, in Dorsetshire rejoices in the next. After recording the death of his beloved wife, Ann Hughes, the afflicted husband breaks forth in this pious strain Who far below this tomb doth rest, Has joined the army of the blest The Lord has taken her to the sky, The saints rejoice, and so do I " " A fool in fermentation" is not a bad defini- tion of a vain person, LET"S HAVE A PANIC !— None of your little, hollow, half-way, make-believers, but a real old-fashioned break-down, after the pattern of 1837. Individuals may make a loss—that is their affair—but the country will be surely and greatly benefitted. We shall import far less goods and export less specie; we shall dress and dine and drink less expensively; we shall trade less and work more ; we shall economize, and haul in our horns, and reef topsails, and come out stronger and wiser and richer in the end. So let's have a good, strong, old-fashioned Panic ! True, there are some drawbacks. We have our crops just ready for market, and shall sell them ten to twenty-five per cent, lower than we otherwise would ; we shall sell millions' worth of our Public Se- curities to foreigners for twenty per cent, less than we shall be glad to buy them back for, after the storm blows over ; and a good many mechanics and laborers in our cities will find the coming winter a very hard one,. But then the country was never before so rich and strong as it is now-full of grain, full of cattle and swine, full of specie, full of everything. There was never before a time when a financial tornado had less cause than now-consequently, never before one when it would do less real harm. Our exports are large beyond precedent. Specie has ceased to flow from us, and must soon begin to pour heavily in upon us. Our mines, our herds, our farms, our factories, are all doing well ; a panic now may save us from one when we should not be half so able to stand it- So let us take bold, and get up a roaring, smashing, high old panic ! — New York Tribune.' THE PRESIDENT ELECT OF THE UNITED STATES.—Mr. Lincoln is fifty years of age, six feet high, gaunt and muscular, careless in dress, but not slovenly, simple and cordial in his manner, with a weather-beaten face. At sixteen he was a hedge-schoolmaster in Spencer county, Indiana; he aferwards as- sisted his father to farm a small portion of Government land ; he afterwards became a woodsman, then a shipwright, later on he opened a store at New Salem. At the break- ing out of the Indian war he was elected a Captain of Volunteers. On his return to business he found that his partner had de- camped with all his property. He then gave up trade and took to land surveying. Suc- ceeding in this he was elected to the Legis lature, and subsequently took to the study of the law, to which he has since devoted his energies. A CLERICAL IMPOSTER.—A few weeks ago the Rev W. B. Bradford, curate of Rushall, Wilts, finding himself obliged to leave home in consequence of ill health, ad- vertised for a clergyman to perform his duties, and shortly afterwards entered into arrangements will a person calling himself The Rev. William Simpson, whose testi- monials were highly satisfactoiy. This worthy accordingly made his appearance, bringing nothing with him but an empty carpel bag, but with a doleful story of hav- ing lost his luggage on the railway ; and Mr. Bradford not only procured him ex- cellent lodgings, but left a quantity of plate for his use in his absence. His first attack was on a neighbouring clergyman for a shirt, after which he patronised several tradesmen in Devizes for clothing, boots, confectionery, groceries, &c;, to a large ex- tent, living, in short, on the fat of the land. His sermons were decidedly Pusoyite in doctrine, and gave little satisfaction, but a collection was made for the Diocesan Asso- ciation which he put in his pocket. After two or three Sundays, however, the Bishop of Salisbury's request to have an inspection of his letters of his orders became too pressing to be pleasant, and finding the place getting too warm for him, he suddenly decamped with his carpet bag full to bursting of Mr. Bradford's plate, and no end of packages, the fruit of his raids at Devizes. Two or three very impertinent letters to the people whom he had cajoled were left on his table. It is now known that the fellow, who has been living in this way some years, is not a clergyman at all, but the son of a bailiff, named Burch, living in the neighbourhood of Plymouth, where the swindler was for some time a linen draper's apprentice. His testimonials were, of course, forged. ' Bristol Mercury.' HABITS OF THE KING OF ITALY.—The following sketch of the King of Sardinia, from the pen of Alexandre Dumas appears in the ' Independente' of Naples :—"Victor Emmanuel, who looks like a man of about forty years of age, is frank, sincere, vigorous, temperate, an early riser, and a keen sports- man, with gun and dog. He bears the fatigues of a long day's shooting better than many of the most active mountaineer, and he generally starts on such ex- cursions before sunrise. He makes a very light breakfast, merely a piece of bread and a slice of cold meat or cheese which he eats like a peasant without sitting at table; but he always makes a hearty dinner, laying aside all etiquette, without court or chamberlains. On Sunday, the day of general receptions at the palace, the doors are thrown open at eleven o'clock, and anybody who feels dis- posed may enter till three. If any person desires a private audience he must apply by letter, and on the morrow or following day he will surely obtain it, for Victor Emma- nuel opens all his letters himself. One day, when out shooting, he met a peasant, who, on seeing the King bring down two part- ridges, right and left, with his double- barrelled, went up to him and said You shoot well, you do." "It was not amiss, was it ," responded the King. " Per- haps you could rid me of a fox which steals my hens ? " " Most willingly." '. If you do, I will give you two mutte " (70f.) "Agreed," said the King. "I will come to-morrow morning with my dog, and shoot your fox." (" Give me your hand on it," said the man. The King immediately shook hands with him, and, true to his word, went the next morning, found the fox, and shot it. 'Thank God for that!' exclaimed the peasant ; you have fairly earned your two mutte, and there they are.' The king took them, and said, ' This is the first money I ever earned.' Then, tossing up the pieces in his hand, he added, 'It-is a pleasure to receive money one has fairly gained.' The next day, in exchange for the two mutte, his Majesty sent a dress, necklace, and earrings for the peasant's wife. It is impossible to be more easy of access than Victor Em- manuel. He goes out alone on foot, and enteres "the theatre at the public door. One day, the portress of the Angennes Theatre caught a gentleman in the act of puffing the smoke of his cigar at her cat, which he had found in a corner and kept there. Rushing forward to rescue her favorite, she seized the tormentor by the arm, and on his turning round recognised the king.— Galignani's Messenger.' A MAN SATURATED WITH WHISKEY AND SET ON FIRE— A horrible affair has come to light in California. Some time since George Wilson and two of his " friends" got drunk at Reed's Rancho, Marion County ; his "friends," not so much the worse for liquor "amused" themselves with soaking the clothes of Wilson with whisky, and, to make surer of their project, they poured a con- siderable quantity down his neck, in order to thoroughly soak his shirt with the liquid, after which they set fire to the clothes, of the wretched man. He remained there. abandoned, with only a charitable hand to offer him a glass of water during his long agonies. Warrants have been issued for the arrest of the murderers WHAT TO DO WITH DESERTERS.—What to do with their deserters and bad characters is no doubt a difficulty with our military adminis- strators. If we might suggest an expedient, it would be to form a corps for foreign service, into which discontented or disgraced men could be drafted—a sort of English Bashi- Bazouks. They might be called the " Retrievers" or the "Re- formers," with the motto on their ensign, " Not as bad as we seem," or "Never too late to mend." There is not the least doubt these fellows would fight and follow their officers as bravely and truly as any, if selected with any- thing like judgment ; and officers would he found ready and willing to command them. During the Crimean war, a proposition was made to form a convict corps, and several officers of experience viewed the project favourably, more than one offering to take them in hand.— Temple Bar,' No. 1. PHRENOLOGICAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PRINCE of WALES. —The following phrenological des- cription of the Prince of Wales is from the American Phrenological Journal':— His com- plexion is fair, and his hair ligjht brown.— His head is narrow for its height, which would indi- cate a frank, open-hearted, unselfish, amiable, and pleasant disposition. He has more cautious- ness than secretiveness, and hence he is more prudent than sly, he has more combativeness than destructiveness, hence is more prompt to defend his interests and rights than to be over- bearing or severe ; his approbativeness is larger than his self- esteem hence he is more sensitive about reputation and character than he is haughty or dignified. His firmness appears to be large, which renders him decided and positive in his disposition. His moral developments as a class are rather large, especially his conscientiousness and hope, which lead to a love of justice and to a cheerful anticipating spirit. His benevolence is largely indicated, and his tendency of mind is sympatheticul, kind, obliging, and his imitation is not a controlling element, hence he inclines to act somewhat independently of the usages of others, and of the forms and customs of society. His perceptive intellect is strongly developed, hence his mind is very ready, in providing and understanding facts, incidents, practical subjects, and details. His language being very large, he would succeed well in literature. His order ap- pears to be amply marked, hence his mind takes a systematic orderly direction. The upper part of his forehead is not large, hence he is not so much inclined to think and reason profoundly as to observe phenomena and gain knowledge " RECEPTION OF A FRENCH NUN.—Mademoiselle Blanche de Beauval, a wealthy heiress of Orleans, overwhelmed with grief at the death of the Vis- count de Chausoy, to whom she was engaged to be married, has entered the Carmelite Convent in the Faubourg du Roule at Orleans. The Journul du Loiret' narrates that in the prime of youth and beauty she entered the convent dressed in a bridal costume of white satin trimmed with rich lace; a wreath of orange blossom circled her hair, and a large white veil was over her head. She took the seat pre- pared for her, and the officiating priest delivered a short address She then quitted the chapel, which is divided into two parts by an iron rail ing. closed by a curtain. In a moment after the curtain was drawn, and she was seen on the oter side of the grating on her knees.' The priest approached and asked whether she still persisted in her resolution to quit the world, to which she replied in a firm voice, "Yes.'' On this, one of the nuns who were standing by removed the bridal wreath and veil from her bead, let her beautiful hair fall on her shoulders, and then with a scissors severed the tresses close to the head. A murmur of regret was heard among all the persons present when this sacrifice was commenced. Mademoiselle de Beauval then left the chapel, but re-appeared in a few minutes afterwards dressed in the garb of a Carmelite nun. She lay down on the steps of the chapel, a funeral cloth was thrown over her, the priest recited the prayers for the dead, and the " Dee Profounds" was sung while the persons in the chapel we're retiring. A NEW YORK LAWYER was trying to show that an important witness was untrustworthy on account of defective memory. In the end, however, as the story shows, the lawyer got beaten. " How old are you," he asked. Wit- ness: "Seventy-two 'ears." Lawyer: "Your memory of course is not so good as it was twenty years ago, is it?" Witness: "I do not know but it is." Lawyer: "State some circumstances which occurred, say twelve years ago, and we shall see whether you can remember ." Witness: " Well, sir, if you com- pel me to do it I will. About twelve years ago you studied in Judge B—'s office, did you not?" Lawyer: "Yes." Witness: "Well, sir, 1 remember your father coming into my office and saying to me, ' Mr .D ., my son is to be examined to morrow, and 1 wish you would lend me fifteen dollars to buy him a suit of clothes.' I remember also, sir, that from that day to this, he has never paid me that sum. That, sir, 1 remember as though it had been but yesterday." Lawyer (considerably abash- ed) : " That will do, sir." Witness : 1 pre- sume it will." Good news for the SMITHS."—Mr. Lower (in his book on English surnames ) is uncommonly sarcastic against those very unhappy and ill-used persons who are born "Smiths," and who wriggle into Smythes, and in the case of a resolute old English gentleman, even into the horrors of Smjthe ! The hyper-genteel people who thus wriggle we give up to all the fun that Mr. Lower, well skilled therein, can pour upon or get out of them; but, for the Smiths generally, let us put in a protest; and let us earn their eternal grati- tude by informing them that their name, in two forms, was long ago rendered illustiious by being that of a whole house of Assyrian Kings—for what were Hadad and Ben Hadad but Smith and Smithson ? What are the Dukes of Northum- berland but Smithsons, and the Earls of Derby but Smith-Stanley's ? Look up! noble Smiths, look up !— Athenæum.' CENTRAL AFRICA,—A new expedition to Central Africa in search of Dr. Vogel is being prepared in Germany ; committees for the promotion of this undertaking, which promises to be a national one, have been formed in différent places of Germany, The central committee at Gotha, under the auspices of the Duke Ernest, have issued several papers on the subject, inviting the German nation to support the expedition, to the head of which Baron Theodore von Heuglin has been appointed. Although little chance may exist ot finding Dr. Vogel a prisoner and alive, yet the results of his laborious work, his manu- scripts, and last note. may be secured and his work of discovery continued. Even the confirmat- tion of his death would be an advantage ; and the committee are right in making it a point of honour to lift the veil which still surrounds Vogel's fate, pointing to the example which England has given in the long- continued search for Sir John Franklin, long after all hope of finding him alive had vanished. The expedition has for it's aim the exploration of the vast tract of luild hct.WPRh lim \ïla nníl + lin T.,lira Tan.l a land between the Nile and the Lake Tsad, a territory belonging to the very heart of the unex- plored interior of Africa. Except Vogel, on his journey to Waidai, no European has set foot on these entirely unknown regions. The expense of the expedition has been estimated at from 12,000 to 20,000 thalers, about the half of which sum has come in already ; and, as Baron von Heuglin intends not to spare his own means in the under- taking, no pecuniary obstacle presents itself to the expedition, which will set out from Khartoum as soon as all the necessary preparations can be completed. Herr von Heuglin has held a seven years' official position in the countries of the Nile. The experience which he has gathered there, the practical knowledge of the country, his acquaintance with persons of power and influence there, combined with his scientific capacity, eminently fit him for such an undertaking, Athenæum Jesting does not hurt anybody. Like salt, it galls only the sore places. Would a botanist classify the Ghost in " Ham- let" as a species of deadly night shade? Diplomas are not always worthily bestowed, A sheepskin is often taken from the animal that is entitled to it, to be given to an animal that isn't Lord Macaulay said once, of England and Scotland, in his epigrammatic way, " The nations are one, because the churches are two." Now then, my hearties" said a gallant captain, ''you've a tough battle before you. Fight like heroes till your powder's gone ; then —-run ! I'm a little lame, and 1 think I'll start now!" 