LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Tuesday, 3bjo September, 1861. Mr EDWARDS had the honor of moving that an address ba presented to his Excellency the Governor, to express our loyalty to our Most Gracious Sovereign, and to thank his Excellency fo» having called the Parliament together, in order to prevent any embarrassment to the finan cial arrangements of the country. To express our satisfaction that, notwithstanding the shortness of the period that has elapsed since the dissolution of the late Assembly, several important bills will be laid before us, to. assure his Excellency that they will receive our oareful consideration.' To assure his Excellency that our earnest attention, v^1' , ' given ta such measures as it is the i-** .'/* % hia Excellency's advisers to intro-1- -^ention oi preparatioadf the Estimate* ' -jco prior ? to - the when tvauamittoa *. ? -.,:^at.theE.3tYn_^3' consideration ' - 'us« win receive our aeuu^ SP . x-o assure his Excellency we re * ,ne assurance given to us by his Excel pnev'that the introduction of the occupation aid cultivation licenses has proved most wefioial, and that it has been deemed SB to extend the advantages of engaging in agricultural pursuits. To join witk -- his Excellency in trusting that this, which is ,. now the most liberal land system in the Aus tralian colonies, will be duly appreciated and ex tensively adopted by our own population, and that it may be a powerful attraction to intending , emigrants to make this favored land theirt home. To concur with his Excellency that it is not too much to hope that the prosperity of 'the country, ' retarded by the want of facilities for settling on , ? the soil, will rapidly advance under the operation of thip new system. To assure his Excellency we shall give our best attention to the measures which it is proposed to submit for our considera tion—for the establishment q£ .County Councils— for the re- organisation of the Civil Service— for the better Administration of Justice— for the Management of the Gold - Fields —- for . authorising and regulating Mining on Private Property— to secure compensation to the familiea ; of persons killed by mining accident— and for the amendment and consolidation of the lawa relating to mining partnerships ; to express pur concur rence in the expediency of awaiting the report of _ the commission appointed to hiquire into the operation of Mr Torrens' Act in South Australia, before' the introduction! of any measure for,' the amendment of thslaw affecting the transfer of real property ; to assure his Excellency that the bills, for the establishment of Local Insolvency Courts, .. ? for the abolition of State Aid to Religion, to con-. solidatethe administration of the systems of pub- , lie instruction under one board, for a red-action of the Export Duty on Gold, and for facilitating the establishment of distilleries and lessening the duty on spirits distilled in Victoria, will receive our earnest consideration ; to assure his Excel lency we participate in the general convic tion that the inadequacy of our income from \ existing sources to meet our expenditure, and the imperfeot development of industries for which facilities exist in this country, renders it, expe dient that the tariff should be reconsidered by Parliament, with the double object of raising a sufficient revenue, and by a judicious rearrange ment of our imposts affording to our. industrial . ; . interests the incidental advantages derivable from duties imposed on such articles as compete with our. products rather than oh those which do not. The propositions to be submitted to Parliament for these objects will have our most earnest con- , sideration. To express our hope that the removcl of the impediments that have hitherto existed t» settlement on the public domain, and the V encouragement to our industrial interests which the measures proposed by his - Excellency's advisers will aflbr-V, -will, by inspiring confidence in the future o£ the colony revive immigration and restore prosperity. To thank his Excellency for the fc^ormation con- . veyed to us by his Excellency, that the action taken by his advisers has iriduced the Imperial' authorities to extend the Postal Money Order system to this colony, and that the whole of the arrangements for bringing it into -practical opera tion will' be completed by the close of the present year. To assure his Excellency we shall give our serious attention to the Bill for the Amend ment of the Constitution of the Legislative Coun cil. To express our concurrence with his Excel? lency that the impossibility of otherwise securing the adequate representation of the country in Parliament, renders it expedient that tacmbers should be compensated for their sej-vices dur ing their attendance on their 6-;ti£s, and that the manner of carrying the principle into effect is a question which Parliament alone can deter mine. To assure his Excellency that the. Bill for the Amendment {ma Consolidation of. the Laws relating to. Municipal Institutions will receive our careru'i o+*-Qr---;™ t« nnnMnainn *n . assure his Ex^£-);leilCy that the subjects to wbicb. / he has called 'our attention will receive our most '? earnest Consideration ; and that we join his Ex- . celler^ -m prayer to God, th«*t he may proa--. Pp-* our deliberations and direct our decisions, lie was aware that, according to the usage of Parliament, the proposing of motions of the cha racter of the one he had submitted, was always entrusted to one of the younger members of the House, who was expected to make his maiden speech (hear, hear) upon the questions set forth in the document itself. However, as he anticipated that no amendment would be, moved upon the address, he did not intend to say more than that he cordially agreed with all of the articles of political faith mentioned in it. If an amendment were moved* which he did not anticipate, he would have an opportunity of reply, and of speaking further upon the questions. (Hear, hear.) Mr FLINT seconded the motion. : Mr HAINES, in rising to make a few remarks upon the address placed before the House, wishe d in the first place to say that it was the desire f bhatside of the House (the Opposition) not to attempt to be guilty of any factious opposition against the Ministry. (Hear, hear.) The Oppo sition desired to afford the Ministry an opportu nity, if they would avail themselves of it, of bring ing fairly before the country its actual position, and of advocating, so far as in them lay, the laws, and amendments of laws, which they might think e88entialto the progress of the colony. It was not his intention to move any amendment upon, the address, nor was it the intention, or desire of the majority, he might say of all the gentlemen who sat around him, that such should be done. Still he would not have it supposed that either he or his friends at all agreed with the statements put forward in the address. There -were many objections to going at any great length. into a statement upon the subject, or of express ing any opinion upon the professed iutentio&s;, r$ the Government ; aui tor this reason : JCr^ere were so many important subjects containedr^ij^ the speech, tfyat it -was almost impossibly {o dig. cubs thp whole in one debate, ft 'appeared to fc1^ and the gentlemen who were ar^ting ^ bim, that it would be much better to deal separately with these subjects upon dUT'drent occa8iOna. It ?would be apparent to the ^ousethat the Opposi tion generally was agreea -upon adopting this course. (Hear hear.) Certain resolu tions, it was known, had been pre paredby the Opposition, with a view of express ing thsU opinions upsn the various subject which, vfere comprised in the speech ; and clearly it would be very much better that these subjeots should be discussed separately, that the isauejj brought before the House ahoul that hon. members should have an opportunity , of expressing themselves clearly- arid distinctly upon every subject as submitted. He felt himself bound, however, to . make some remarks upon some, of the very serious omissions he noticed in the address. Firstly, he would point out there ?was no statement' whatever with regard to the ' financial pssition of the country. There was one brief remark— a short statement, to say that the ; income of the .year was inadequate ; but they did not know— it was not stated— what that inadequacy, was likely to be. (' Hear, hear,' from the Opposition.) They kneyr that ' various opinions had been expressed by tiie Government with'reference to. this inadequacy. They knew that justbefore^the late Parliament had been dis solved^ statement waa made by. the Treasurer 'which was totally. . at variance with . the one ; previously' made by the hon. the President of the Board of Land - and Works ; and that stateinent he observed had been, repeated upon a very late occasion. Now, he contended, in the face of such glaring discrepancies between the different statements, publicly put before the country, they might have fairly expected some reference to the subject in the address. He ?would not eriter;into the subject then, because he deprecated any premature discussion, and be cause he trusted that tie Government would take care to afford such information as would supply that great deficiency which everybody observed in the address itself. He would, how ever, point out that it was 'almost impossible for the House, while in ignorance of the finances of the country, to proceed to the consideration of bills which involved any' pecuniary relations, auch'for instance as the Municipal Councils Bill by which it was proposed, amongst other things, to subsidise the incomes of local councils out of the general revenue, Now, how could they deal with a bill of that character until they knew what the amount of leveriue disposable, was likely to be ? So far as he could1 judge of the speech, it appeared to con tain measures which would cause the loss of cer tain sources of revenue, without substituting any thing in their places, unless, indeed, it was the vague sort of promise that protective duties should be levied. (Hear, hear.) But if those duties were .ta be successful in a protective or prohibitory sense, it seemed' to him that they were not likely to realise any revenue from them. The whole proposal seemed to be to throw away present sources of revenue, without showing any others by means of which the objects enumerated in the Governor's speech could be attained. He would be very sorry to be silent altogether upon the statement made with regard to the occupation and cultivation licenses. It was quite clear that the authority of Parliament had; been disregarded in the action taken by the President of the Board of Land and Works. - ('No, no,' from the Ministerial Benches.) Well, he would not argue the question then, 'because he hoped, at some not distant day, the House would seriously consider the subject. lie merely alluded to it then to express his total dissent to the conduct of the U-overnmeat (loud ironical cheers from the Ministerial Benches), and because he considered they were illegal, and that -the! just authority of the House had been disregarded '?' in dealing with the. question. ('H,ear,hear,''and'No, no/') He was anxious to avoid discussion' as 'far as possible, and had merely risen to expre'S3 his dissent to the views contained in the address' on- the subjects he had alluded to,- and in order thai, though not moving an amendment, he might not be understood to approve of the measures contained in the address. He would merely point out then that' considering the many members of the House not accustomed to $he practices Parliament, and considering th.it the address had only been a very short time put i^-to their hands, they could scarcely ask those gentle men to: pronounce upon the many important questions involved. The Oppositionhad therefore resolved upon nottakingthe various subjects into consideration prematurely, but rather of dealing ?with them separately, and the convenience of the ? colony would be bost consulted by the House ab Btaming from discussion on that occasion. (Hear, hear.) Mr O'SHANASSY said that many members, had time allowed, would have preferred that the measures indicated in the speech of his Excellency the Governor should have received that criticism, and it might be amendment, at the hand of the House, which the importance ot the document naturally led to the expectation, of. He concurred with the observations of his friend, that with so many new members in the House, so many gentlemen who did not possess an inti mate acquaintance with Parliamentary practices, ?who had not much Parliamentary experience, and, possibly who had not given their consideration deeply to the questions of political economy, the House could scarcely be asked to master the document *?hich had been submitted, a document which, he ventured to predict, wentafcth'erootof the unity, status and political position, of tlie colony, 'and a document which was levelled against the foundation of all things in general (laughter), ?without indicating the means by which the plas? of those foundations ihus overturned could be supplied. (Laughten) A document cf that kind naturally distracted the attention of hon., members. It appeared from the action iaken that there was some sort of agreement amongst the gentlemen of the Opposition, and. he might congratulate, the country upon the circumstance. He believed the time wa3 fast approaching when political Reeling in the colony Would so develop itself that cer.te.in lines of decided action would be taken, and the practice oi that Legislature brought more into conformity with ehe practices of *he Legis latu'tes of other countries. Men would take fixed and determined vimve ,-~ ''i Parliamentary questions, and would cansult the I public we2fare^ as much' in taking their seat on ! one side of the House or the other as in their re gard for those questions. Now' this state of things had not.fully developed itself in this country ye°t and it would still take some time, though, he con fidently looked for it, before the different parties would arrange themselves upon each side of the House. He had heard a remark from the seconder of the address whieh somewhat startled him, for lie thought he had watched the signs of the opinion of tho people of the colony as closely as eaybody else in the House.' The hon. member &sd; 8iu4 $wV tfw goU f\?l&n; members had, }m returned to the House favorable to every, proposi tion contained in the address. Now he contended that though the gold fields members might sit on the Ministerial side of the. House, yet that; as far as the doctrine, of protection was concerned, the diggers.were opposed to it. The statement of the hon. member therefore ought not to pass un challenged.. The majority of the gold-fields mem bers were, he believed, opposed to protection. Their silence then was somewhat different from their jolly laugh a short time before. They were somewhat silent because they saw that they . nad placed themselves in an : inconsistent position. (Cries of 'No, no,' from the gold-fields ?mem- bers, and the Ministerial benches.) As they con tinued to develop ? the resources of the Govern ment he rather thought that those ' noes' would be turned into 'yes, yes.' When the issue was fairly put to them, and they had to decide between free trade and protection then the gold-fields members would see that their position was as he had described it. (' No, no.') With regard to the address, he might say, that the different points in the programme the Ministry had put to - the country had all been worked uponi (Hear, hear.) He said this frankly, for he did not see why in discussing those questions, the facts should not be fully and fairly stated. But, he sIbo said, in two instances the Ministry had endeavored to evade whut they had promised to the censtituencies. (''No, no,' and ' Hear, hear.') In the address it was said, ' The inadequacy of our national income, from ex isting sources and the imperfect development, of industries for which natural facilities exist in this country, have led to a general conviction that it is expedient that the tariff should be re- considei ed by Parliament.' Now, he understood the broad principTe which the Ministry had distinctly advo cated was protection. ('No, no,' from the Go vernment benches.) He thought the Chief Secre tary had done so. (Mr Heales : ' No, I did not.' Mr Heales rose up to address the House.) If the hon. membet would permit him to continue, he would have an opportunity of replying afterwards. He had read the l-.on. gentleman's speech to his constituents, and also his election address, in which he had said that encouragement should be given to native industry. (Mr Heales: 'Yes,' loud cheers.) Well, the statement was challenged as to whether it meant protection or not. He challenged the House then, as he had done vhis constituents, to say whether the membern were favorable to free trade or protection. Those Were the broad distinct principles to be decided between (Mr1 Woods: 'Have both.' Hear, hear.) Well,' he had not the smallest objection in the world, but he ventured to say the Government scheme would be one of the most curious amalgamations brought before that or any other Parliament. (Laughter, and 'hear, hear.') For he recol lected the tariff submitted the last session by some member of the Government by which it was pro posed to charge Is per hundred on posts and rails, arid 3d each on dolls (laughter). The address went on to state that the twofold object of the Government, was, 'that of raising a sufficient revenue, arid, by a judicious arrangement of our imposts, of affording to our industrial interests the incidental advantages derivable, from duties imposed on such articles as compete ? with our own products, rather than on those :which do not. It is therefore contemplated by my Minis ters, after, the. estimates of expenditure have been friimed, to submit propositions to Parlia ment .for realising, these objects.' Now, a more delightfully vague paragraph ? to have been drawn up by a protectionist, he ven tured to say had never been submitted to a Par liament before. If his friends, the members for the gold 'fields, would follow that paragraph out. then they would wait until they would see what they would see. The time had come, however, when the country and the gold fields members could not help but see whether they were follow ing & free trade Ministry or a protection party. (Hear, ftear.), The other paragraph which he thought evaded the proposition put to the country by the Government was the one relative to the. payment of members. The Chief Secretary, on behalf of the Government, had stated that the orily way to secure payment of members was. to put a sum ®f money upon the estimates. , Was that nronosition carried into effect, or was it stated boldly in the following paragraph : — ',The impossibility of otherwise securing the adequate representation of the country in Parliament, ren ders it expedient that members should be, com pensated for their services, during their attendance on their legislative duties. The result of the elec tion proves, that; .'whilst a majority has been re-, turned favorable to the principle, considerable dif ference of opinion exists as to the mode of apply ing it. The principle being conceded, the manner of carrying it into effect is a question .which Par liament alone can determine, and it will be the duty of my advisers to take the sense of the representatives of the people on this subject when the proper time arrives.' What a piece of information ; Parliament he had thought always determined everything. Why, in the name of simplicity, he had always thought the people were represented by the two Houses of Legislature. ('No,' and hear.) No I Why the address said, 'the principle being conceded, the mode of carrying it into effect could be de cided by Parliament alone.'! He had thought parliament consisted of the Upper and Lower Ho.usec. (Mr O'Shariassy was here warmly ad dressing himself to some gentlemen behind the Treasury gench- MrL. L. Smith interjected to him, ' I beg j£#ve to say I. did not speak a word.' Laughter,) Mr O'Shanassy told the hon. member he was mistaken, and proceeded to contend that as the two Itirauc^es of the Legisla ture had been established by the Constitution Aet, both ought to be consulted with xe^ard to payment of members; and he ' assumpd that at wa3 the intention of , the Govern roe»t to .submit ' this matter to both .Ho«60S, Then ther.e was jthe question of the ex t '*^lott)9f the occupation licensee, but as his hon. ?fciena'**^ W*-'3*er £or Y&iers; and Hevtesbury i,nj '?* ?-^tics-?fffii9Upnpii,the subject, he wojjld' -ad given no .-„ ^ t thoW?ent time, not mv«e discuss '^J^ /the 'ad&s; Another extraordinary ' *£& *Wfc- ol'Uxo was, that owing to the preu.. ??£$'%; //the Parliament, or aa it was said, ow*. .,« premature re-asseniblingofPm-lianienCoccu ' - by the operation of : the. third section of the Au proprmtion Act, has rendered the preparation bf .' the esv mates for the ensuing year, before the meeting of Parliament impossible. Moreover, as : it is the intention of my advisers immediately to ? ^troww weaouteg which, tf pagi^d, will Jwgely 1 : affect the construction of the estimates, their pre paration will necessarily be delayed until these measures shall have received the consideration of Parliament, when a short adjournment will be necessary.' He would like to know how that statement could be j ustified. There wa3 a Minis try that had spent seven months in dilating upon the items of the estimates; had spent seven or ten weeks in preparing them, and who had had the salary of every officer, in the service under review. And he, was now told that because that Ministry had to go to its constituents for re-election, . . the estimates could not be framed within the time, allotted. Now, ho w could that be j ustified ? He would like to know at what time, the ordinary circular, calling upon the heads of departments to send in the estimates for' their. .'departments, had. been issued, because, practically, these estimates were alvvays 'sent in iri the rough. If .the Ministry ;could show that they had sent for the information, but were incapable of dealing with, the subject froin want of tinae, he should be most ready to grant a postponement. But he contended that if the Ministry, when they went into office in No vember, without any experience or knowledge of the departments^ could frame the estimates within six weeks, there was no reason in fact why they could riot have done it again. Want of time was not the real, the substantia* reason. The substantial reason and the true one he would give to the House himself. It was that the Minis ters were afraid to look the financial affairs of, the colony in the face. ('No, no,' and cheers from the Opposition.) They were acting like men who had got no moneys— they tried to get over their difficulties by asking tor delay. They said to the House, 'You tell us what you will do with the District Councils bill, and then we will tell you the financial position of lhe country.' It was due to the country that a financial explanation should be made, and he would tell the Ministry that even if they could rely upon a sufficient body of supporters to carry them over: the present stagR, yet that the people would demand that their affairs should be placed before tl\e House. A true description of the finan cial position of the colony ought to. be given be fore the House was called upon to enter into a single discussion or pass a single measure. This was the practice of the mother country, of the. Parliamentary standing orders, and, therefore, it was the law of the country, and not to be evaded by any such attempt as the Ministry had made. (' Oh, oh,' and cheers from the Op position.) The attempt was an. injustice to the people, and was simply taking away one of the principles on which their liberty was founded. He had given a short notice of motion on the sub ject; and, in addition, he might say this. It was known throughout the country that the Govern ment had £2,000,000 of debentures unsold, so fair as the House, was aware, in the hands of the banks at London. And -.yet, while they had taken notice of every trivial subject in their ad dress, they had not called attention, to this great broad fact which was staring tuem in the face. They had not placed one single letter with regard to the sale of these debentures before the country. If he spoke warmly on the subject, it was because he felt, what ; he believed most of them did, much interest in the honor and credit of thecolony. The important fact of the non-sale of debentures had been concealed. There was not the slightest allusion' to it in- the address, and how would the Government answer to the country if the loan should fail, and the debentures have to be withdrawn. Doubtless the Government was not to blame if the credit of the colony was not sufficient to enable them to obtain a loan in the English inarket, nor did he blame them ; but he did say that the course pursued with reference to the subject ought no c to be concealed from the Par liament either when it dissolved or assembled. All correspondence ought to be given as freely as it had been by preceding Governments. The address, he repeated, was founded on the fact that the Government had no means, and dare not look the i revenue of. the colony fairly in the face. Therefore the begging plan was adopted, the revenue was stated to be inadequate, and an ad misericordiam appeal waB made for a revision of the tariff. In making these observations he (hoped he was not too warm. (Laughter.) He spoke exactly as he felt. He did feel that the financial question had slumbered too long, and he, took credit to himself, . notwithstanding the result of the elections, that he did assist to tie the hands of the. Ministry by the third clause of the Appropriation Act, because they had obtained ' obedience to the law, and compelled the Govern ment and the Governor himself to re-assemble the House and give the country an opportunity to decide upon and to. look after its affairs. The Government must give a full statement of the financial position of tlie country, and not be al lowed to evade it as, proposed by the speech. Another part in the speech which he wished to advert to, was the attempt to deal with and alter the condition of the sale of land in the colony, without submitting a bill to Parliament. This attempt he characterised as a violation of the fun damental principle of the Constitution, and an effort to grasp in the hands of the Executive the power; of the Legislature. The attempt, he said, made to issue occupation licenses, and legalise them by the fiat of the Ministry of the country, without consulting the Parliament, waa an open defiance of the law. (Cries of 'No, no j' 'squat- ters' law'), and the lawtoo, made upon their own motion. It was in defiance of the existing law which the Ministry themselves had passed; though he might say, that all the men most eager in con demning the bill now were those who had supported it in the first instance. As far as he was concerned, he was free Irom any responsibility with regard to that law, because he had seen at the first that it was likely to be di rected to purposes foreign to those it was in tended for. .('Hear, hear,' from the Ministerial side.) However, when the proper time came, doubtless tho question would engross the atten tion, arid receive the serious consideration* of the House, and it would then be for the persons who believed that the leases wpre loga^ to show their authorities. Ho did not'' think it necessary to take up the tirue of the House further; He Ihad thought it due Jo himself to make the statement jhehad made, and as a representative he need' not Mnoiogise for doing h^j duty, ? ?' M-fi J99.J^ said' i^'tfi,ere' was ,ojn,e pfirty in ,tlio *-v*W, i&urjng; jthe Jaat Bp?4-?n h(\d' tended Houbu ' ' - -*fci»0 ffjf t^,.e e'st^uaates ^ V?-8 |th.e 9^,0 to retard tho p.... ~'*™b9f fg$ $ dvw*Q .was ;conr w«th which the hon iu., ' ' -*« ^y^a^iy. prp nected, ? The diBBussion- had dbu. ' '('ti^iBW ' VOlig^, uppn ^hat pidq of thQ Koiwe, an,o, ^ by the hon member himself,- and it .was unfair of htm therefore, and of his party having pressed the Government, in ? the way they had, to blame them for the omission of passsages in the address which they could not help. The hon member should recollect the time when he was in office ' himself, and occupied the position' of Chief Secretary, though he sincerely hoped he would never see him; filling that post again, so singularly- r unfittedforithadheprovedhimself.:Thehon.mem »ber took seven: months to frame the estimates, and took the very lbngest time he-possibly could be- : jfore meeting that Parliament, : which, he knew would drive him out of the office he then held.,:, The hon. member had attacked the issue of the occupation licenses. Was he aware who advised the issue of those licenses? Why, the hon. ? gentleman's own Attorney- General, or rather his: Solicitor-Gerieral that was,; if the Mornington election went aright. That hon. gentleman had pledged his reputation' at the bar upon the legality ? of those licenses. .He cared not himself whether ? ' the licenses were 'legal . or not. At least; they ought to be ; but: what the Ministry liad done was to settle .the land queationj which :the honi ? member, Mr Nicholson, hai promised to do, but had failed to redeem his word. The action taken by the Ministry had .1 given the people more than even Wilson Gray and the Conventionists asked: for; Now people could go. and settle upon any land they thought best, upon the : annual . payment of 2s 6d per acre. (' Too much.' - Laughter.) Well, then, it could . be reduced. (Cheers.) The stern patriotism of the Ministry had ? virtually settled the question, and the attempt of ' the hon. member to throw cold water upon the scheme, would be regarded by the country as u 0 further exemplification of those traits in his character which he had previously exhibited. ' With regard to the statement respecting the in tentions of the Government in raising protective1 . duties, he expressed nimself as perfectly satisfied ; withit, and was all that hehadexpected; Reviewing1 ?:?? the arguments adduced by the hon. member for Kilmore at some length, Mr Don said proteo- s - tionists at present asked nothing more than the Government had promised to give them; though by and by, when the time came, they might' corrie out with something a little Btroriger; (Cheers.) As far as that part of the speech was ? concerned the hon.. member was entirely mis'-' taken, for the Ministry had fully, expressed what they had said to the country. The hon; member had also criticised , that part of the address' withregard to payment of members. Did the -' hon. member forget the time when he had sat by himself (Mr Don) and voted.for payment of mem*' bers byEstimatesin the manner proposed by the i'.. Government., (Hear, hear.) , . f Mr O'SHANASSY denied that he had ever ' voted for such a proposition, , , . , : , - ; ; Mr DON was sorry as a matterof fact he could not contradict. the hon. member ; but those who' consulted the big books ; of the House would sea that the hon. member had stated that payment of members could be obtained in uo other way. ? Mr O'SHANASSY objected to be rhisreprei: ' Bented. He totally denied the fact alleged by the hon. member for Gollingwood. :: ; Mr DON must then have been inistaken, and it might have been Mr v. O'Shariassy's ghost that sat beside him. It was singularrh.owever,~(that even, . the tellers should have made the same | mistake. Now the horn, merriber said the payment ought to. be only made by bill; (Hear, near.) Would not i the Appropriation Bill meet the views of the' '.', hon. member. He had heard that horu member say that , the Upper House could , not ^coristi tutiorially refuse to pass the bill, whatever, its' . items- might consist of. Perhaps, hoyeveri' he ',. misunderstodd the hon. member in that. (' Hear, hear,' from Mr O' Shanassy.) Well, he was, sorry to misrepresent the'hon.'raember so. Everybody was wrong, but the hon. member was right. How /ever, in answer to the attack upon the address, he , would say that all the four principles he had an- , ; nounced the last session of the House had been stated there, since reform of the Upper Hpuse had been provided for, too; The Ministry had, at the conclusion of last session, not stated thesa prin ciples to the House. They knew the reception , they would meet with from the place-seeking! gentlemen opposite them, but he was happy to point to the result, which was so directly con trary to the predictions of the keenest mind of the '? Opposition side.' The Governor's speech was one which the democracy of the country ought to rally ' ! ' round, and have inscribed indelibly upon the' hia-' tory and laws of the country. The colony at the present time was in a most critical condition, pro- ' perty was fleeing from the country, and gold dig gers were leaving it-r-(hear, hear)— -and under -?? these circumstances, he hoped the. House would carefully consider those measures promised by the Government, and which would, he believed, prove V. a cure for all the evils the country had been suf- '.','. fering under. In concluding, he might eaythat, having referred to the Parliamentary papers, he found that the hon. member Mr O'Shariaasy had voted in the way he had alluded to on the pay ment of members question. The division list would be found in the first volume of the session of 1860, page 26.' ? ? ? ? ?? ?' ?? ; '??'' ; ' ??? ;; ? ??? '? ' ? ' .:! Mr O'SHANASSY rose amid cries of ?« Spoke.' He thought it would be far better' for the ; hon, # member opposite ?him/ ;and hon. members 'generally, to -, confine: thomBelves ' to what was strictly Parliamentary. , The hon. , member's observations were, in' fact, foundod . upon a private conversation, and on that ground he objected to them. ' (Oh, oh.) The hon, m$m- . ber had endeavored to affix upon him the stigma of a lie. (No.) It was the only, thing which the assertions of the hon. member could mean, and he would take the Speaker's opinion whet her ho , could not reply to.those assertions. The SPEAKER said the hon, member could, address the House in explanation. '-' ?? Mr O'SHANASSY thought it would not.be fit ?? . for him to sit in the House any longer if he per mitted suck an imputation to pass unnoticed. He explained that he had frequently stated 'hia opinions on the question, that country members ought to be compensated for their loss of time, and said he had always voted consistently with tfyose views. The reference to the words was no more than a reference to the man in the moon .(laughter), for mistakes constantly occurred. He tru^te'd that the Blouse wou}d be satiBfied that he' had yin'dicatdd lifs Character for ,tvu,thfi.il^iea8. , .'? Mr. DON : What ' J stated was jthat 'jthe ihon. ' n^ember for JCilmore sat beside mb'iri tile di'vlaioS $$.$ yo|te'^. fox payment of members on the' fotii' pio'ye. -tliatfactl.-'; t would riot' yield in point of character for veracity to the hon. -member IbrKil- ; more,'. nor to ?any other hon: i member.- (Hear, hear.) ? ?,-.,?,.??' '- ' ...??:-? ,. ??-,1 :-',: .? ?? - ?? ?: ??' ;';i IMy SNODGIIASS regretted, that any such Bcene had occurred, and aaid. that it was not fan to; meet the lion, 'member for Kilmore \yith. a di- ; rect contradiction* i After the explanation he had given, the .charge did not apply, to that honi mem ber^ and havingsat on the same side of the -House ?with MrO'Shatiassy, He was in a position to say thatthe estimates ^w6uld'never':have been passed in any .shape on form; had 3,t not'been for the as sistance rendered by the hon. member for Kilmore. (Hear1.) The first' act of the present Ministry had . beeni a proposal; to ? add- £50O;OO0 to the taxation ot the ^quntry,, but,.that-fact appeared now to; be forgotten. ,. (Cries of «.' Question,' and ''read the repbrd.'A' ', ''' '''''r: '''.[.' - '\'-: ' \\. ...?'?'.? ?Mr DON rose to Order. The hon. member -was departing from'the subject, and he had to request that. the record of the proceedings of the House, in reference ,tp Mr O'S'hanassy's vote on the payment of members be read. !(Hear,hear, and loud cries of 'read.') ?-' !- -;-????- ^??'?'?- ?-??:?' .?- - -:- iMr BNODGKRASS: said it was ? a matter of in difference, to- him whether the record .was read or not, for he .believed the explanation given by Mr O'ShanasByy as sufficient to satisfy the House. (Loud. cries; of '« No, no,' iand ff read the re cord.'^- ,?.;.......,,?. ,??:?.,? ,:- , ..'.„? , ? :? .:..:. r. Mr WOODS rose to a point of order, and was proceeding to address the J&puse; upon it, when Mr SNODGRASS said the record was admitted and he ;saw no necessity'for reading it; ; He was perfectly aware that Mr .O'Shanassy had always been; in favor of some form of '.'. compen eatiqn being given to members of Parliament, and;; he .had' voted consistently with that opinion.' He'(Slr Snodgrass) had heard from hon. members oil' the other (the Ministerial) side, of the House' that they would nothaye come there at all, unless they were certain of being paid £300 a year. '(Loud crie3 of 'No, no,' and ' Name, name;')' ' 'He1, would ask thein,— had they the least chance 'of 'ever obtaining ; a sixpence ? 'He told' them ' they had . not; for if ejveii the Vyote pajBse'd:that'Hous6J no; matter in what form, it ?wouldbe rejected by the Councii. ' ^Mr. 'WOODS said the hon. member had charged saembfers birtbat side of the House with having Bought their seats for the purpose of obtaining the sum of £300 a' year, ; and he begged to. ' tell that ho'ni member that 'such was' a false statement. Hei for one, ' did not come there for the sake of £500 'a year; and while he threw the insinuation back in the teeth of the .hon. member, he begged to' tell- him that members on that side of the Home were perhaps quite as able to ' support themselves as that hon. member. '.'('? Hear,' and cheers:) '; ????:. ?-.'?'.?'?',. '?'.'??'.?? '?' ? '??? ??; . . %x O'SHANASSY here handed in a volume of the proceedings of the House, arid requested that the Clerk1' inigh't. read the . record in order to show how far Mr Don's statements respecting his vote on the payment of members were borne out. The Clerk, read the record, from, which it ap peared that Mr O'Shariassy voted !in favor of going into committee to consider the notices for placing a 'sum of^money on the estimates for pay ment of members! ' '?' , . Mr O'SHANASSY said his. character had beenattacked oh a question of veracity, and he nbw appealed to the Speaker for his ruling . as , to whether the record just read justified the hon. member for Cbllingwpbd in having stated that he voted for payment of members on the estimates ? The SPEAKER 'sai'd the record showed that the hon-rnxember for Kilmore voted for going into Committee; to consider certain 'resolutions. (Hear, hear*) ;. -.?;.????-. :? ? *!1 : ?. ' ? ?? Mr DON: Those resolutions being the.ques-. tiqn.;;'of considerineci the payment ,of .members . on tb!e.estimatesi .('.'Hear) hear,': and cheers.) .-;.- -Mr SNODGRASS, withregard to the point of order raised, .by Mr Woods, said that he intended no personal reference to .the hon. member (oh, oh).» ,but ,he had been informed of certain mem bers who.;eaid, they, would not have come there unles| they were to receive £300 a year. . (Loud cries of 'Name,; name.') ???With regard to the pledges given. (by members 'to their constituents, it had been, said that forty-three were pledged supporters. of, the Ministers ; but he found that forty-three were pledged tooppose their policy of protection*' and he left it to others to reconcile to their .consciences, how in the face of these pledges they could givetheir support to the Government. Mr DUFFY jwas sorry, that the hon. member for Collingwood had opened this new .Parliament by a personal imputation, against the hon. mem ber for, Kilmore'..., He 'was the more sorry for this, because his own memory and the records of the House could pronounce r the .charge against the honi member to. be wholly unfounded. True, the hon. member ;for Kilmore had voted for going into committee of the whole Houso for the. considera tion iof- certain resolutions proposed by Mr Barton, because itwas the proper mode of dealing with the question. .But when in committee, 1 what did he do Ithen?. Ha ;(Mr Duffy) votedon the.oppo eite side, to 'Mr O'Shanassy, and therefore he re collected; the circumstance. When in committee, Mr Barton moved that an address ba presented to the.Gpvemor^asking .his: Excellency to place a sum, of money on the estimates to provide for the payment.ofmembers, upon which Dr Evans propo sed an amendment for the omission from the resolu.-. tipn pfall the words after the word f-that,'andi sub stitutihe: ' that a bUl be brought in. for. giving effect to the preyilous, resolutions. '- On^ the djyi Biti»?, tjhe're appears, 'a$ vptjing for the amendment the , name, of, the.hpn,. number for Kilmore. (Hear TiAftr. V '.. - . . ? 1 ...... ... . ? ^' Mr GRAY :' W'liat year, is that ?? ^r P^IIFFY :, 18,61, V iflr, J^Qlf; i Exactliy* this year ; look to the r^cojfda ofxiast year. (' Hear, hear,' and cheers.) Mr BXJFI'Y had taken the record handed to the Clerk at the request of Mr Don. ('No, no') Did hot. Mr Don request the Clerk to read the re cord? (N--» *M-.) . T he hon. member had certainly requested that the record might he .read, an'i ae (Mr Duffy)' had fpllbwed that record-, ani if thoro had been any mistake, it was not his fault. The record was of th.e B{\m^ aav and of the sama dato. He had, always thought well of th$ hpr^. member i'Ji Colling wood, butunle^^wpulaw^hdVaw— ' (Dries of 'question,^, and «' n'6, ho,' .'from Mr Jj, \m CH0i\t«|l«A . v ? . ? Mr DTrFvFY».would noij expect; that; CQi^raa worn the ijon. 'member'tor 'Sputlv'Bb\y^e, bv^t ho^a'ai e^peoted that' the hon. mea^ber. p\ Qo^vcxsy^q^ ftbuld adopt1 an 'hp^o^b^e. am nftt^Ly -{^,\K§a b» cease to resardhina ashehadhitherto done. (Cries j of' Withdraw,' and 'No.no.') ',? , ' Mr .; Jii L.' SMITH rose to order. The hbri. member (Mr Duffy) had said that he (Mr Smith) wouldnot act in a manly manhner. 'The SPEAKER: I did not understand the hon. member to say that. ;. ; .. . . ,, \- Mr DUFFY repeated that he entertained a high opinion of the hon.! member for Collingwood in many respects, but* if ; he persisted in his state ments after the explanation that had been given,, unless, indeed, he fully withdrew and amply . apologised for his statements, heshbuldhot enter tain the same opinion of him in future.: ?'.''?' : -Mr:L. L. SMITH said he recollected the divi sion,; and Mr O'Shanassy was; sitting on that opcasion ., between , Mr Hedley ? and Mr. l)bn, and the hon. member made the remark that, V like the fishermen of old, they had. been sitting there all night and had caught nothing.' The ;hpn. member, had made , an excuse thatthe doors were closed and he was ©bliged to vote. He looked upon the records as ^sufficient evidence, without reference to anything that might be said by hon; inembeis. ; ; Mr DON, as he had been charged .with. having made a false accusation,, begged to be allowed to explain. (Hear.) Mr Duffy had not quoted from the same record of the House to which he (Mr Don) alluded. The record from which he (Mr Don) quoted was dated the 1st February, 186.0. i That was where the hon. member for yilHers and Heytesbury. was wrong. (Hear, hear*) He (Mr Don) had voted the same way as the hon. member on the occasion to which he had referrred, and he certainly, knew how; he had. voted himself. , Mr Don read from the records the . proceedings on the occasion to . which he . referred, showing that Mr O'Shanassy voted on the same side with himself and others who were nv fayor of placing a sum on the estimates for the payment of .members. (The.reading of this, docu ment was folio wed by loud cries of 'Hear, hear,' , aiid cheers.) Either, continued the speaker, Mr Duffy had forgotten ho w he voted,. or he had made a mistake in the date— the . very worst thing a lawyer could do (laughter), because their minds changed so often they could not recollect their own vote's. ('Hear, and laughter.) . Mr O'SHANASSY : What was the effect of that division ? The hon. member seemed to think that ? when a, member moved the omission of cer tain words he committed himself to the principle of the resolution. Mr O'Shanassy was proceeding when—- i The SPEAKER said, he could not allow this discussion to proceed further. The question had been decided so far as the records of the House could, determine, the matter, and what any hon. member had said could not affect the' question. He suggested, therefore, that the discussion should cease. (Hear, hear.) Mr HE ALES then rose and said : It is not my intention to say much, on this occasion ; — as the hon. member for Portland stated in his address to the House that he merely wished; to satisfy himself by pointing out certain objections which he entertained to the Governor's speech. So I shall merely review ene or two subjects to which ] allusion has been made, in1 the course of this dis- . cussion. There was bne statement I think, which 1 requires some explanation for the satisfaction of : hon. members who were not members of the for mer .Parliament. . The hon. member for Portland took occasion to say in. his speech that day that great discrepancy existed between the financial statements of my hon. friend the Treasurer, and my hon. friend the President of the Board of Land and Works with reference to the esti mated deficiency at the close of the present year. I will however call the attention of the House to these two statembnis, and show that not ©nly were they not inconsistent with each other, but that they were quite compatible. It will be in the recollec tion of hon. members that at the time the Trea surer madei his statement to 'the House, a very large quantity of land had been submitted for sale, a much larger quantity indeed for the period that b.ad elapsed, than, thefair proportion of the quantity to be submitted for , sale during , the whole year, and the Treasurer then stated that if they con tinued selling land at that rate for the remainder of the year, the deficiency would be £70,000. My hon. -colleague, the President of. the Board of Land and Works, had also stated that such was not the intention of the Government ; and that if they sold only the quantity estimated, namely, £600,000 worth, then there would be a deficiency at the end of the year of £200,000. The Government,. I contend, is fully, justified in having brought into market a larger quantity of land, than than the proportion properly allotted to a given period of the year, for the object was to give the public the fullest . advantages of %ee selection under the new Land Bill (Hear* hear), and it was under those circumstances, th£t amuch larger quantity of land had, been offered than the due proportion up. to, -that- time of the. estimated amount for th,e whple year. ? I may say, however, that it is not the intention of the G.oyernn\ent ta; continue disposing of land; at ,tha.t ra.te for the whole yeafi but only ao muoli, aa has been pro« mis.ed^ and, as th,ey woi\\\d he olearly justified in doing. Thia ; explanation, I make to do away with, a njiaicepresentation not supported by a spru.tiny of the facts, so as to Justify the observa* tiona of the hon. member for Portland. Thelion. member for 3Ciimore spoke rather waraaly, but I trust I shall not exhibit the sam.9 warmth in any obaervat;ions I may make in, replyinar -o Mm. The hon. member blames ua bQoau_»e we* are not pre pared with ^ our eatim.ates ; he says we lxaye had ample time to prepare them ii\, QPfte.' of the',. numeroup Dills under consAdera^oi^ and ''the* P^aeral elections. The t^mo, allowed: Wfbr this purpose, as the. H.ous.e is aware,' was 'sixty days, (Hear, l\o^- TKe %prii member for I^Umo^ when in office, 'occupied seven months for the. same purpose. (Hear, hear ;_ ancl V, np,*-' ftoin, M^r^ b^fiannssjr'.), The teooi% of \ha Hqwhq yfttl prove th\at su^i^^Qfa.cji.. (^Jeai,\| XJjJ' hop,* iMivbex r,eaoKta \o- tfr& miftl J*i'- -f SA,° \Y\cfe uiPW the/ ^ovviS OS '»»?»- - and f alia ir^eU ^ Wmte 0$ *-' ' --^B mis-reported, ajcamA'a V ^' ....d House-are erroneous and ikffia *-' ' depended upon — unless indeed the member has rights peculiar to himself of dis puting the accuracy of the records of the. Houae I — ijhon the statement; I hftye jaado if* pomp out. If any- such peculiar privilege belongs to, the hon. 1 member for Kilmore, and he may challenge both the published reports and the records . of the I House, then let such privilege be clearly under- 1 stood, and the hon; member's statements ! would . ; pass for , what \ they were :? worth.' The., hon. member, I repeat, had, seven months to .'prepare hi& policy,. and if he didn't want that time he took it (hear), and. I must aay the result of tiis labors did not show very'beriefi cially. for the interest of the country ; and I will further, venture to assert, that my colleagues have accomplished more in two months than, the hon. member did in the seven months alluded -to. (Cheers;) But the hon. member, like inany others, has got into ; a, habit of bonsting; Their constant boast was of their; -wealtli, and they looked down upon their less fortunate fellow- men with a kind, of contempt, as men who could not pay their way, arid who supported the present Government, from the prospect of reaping their reward in the payment of members. This is a very common thing with. hon. members opposite ;. but while I may admit that the more wealthy men are on the other side of the House. I believe that, the true interests i of the country and the sincerest patriotism will be fotind amongst those who do not rank amongst the wealthy classes, but whose interest in the prosperity of the country is at least equal to that of the hon. member for. Kilmore, for they: have made this country their home. However different their po sitions might be, in love of country and pure pa triotism they are desirous of promoting the wel fare of the country, for in the general prosperity they and their families will undoubtedly share. What does the hon. member mean by ** concealing the public finances ?' I have heard this kind of speech dieliverd .before. If hon. members read Hansardy and will turn to the period -when Mr Nicholson was Chief Secretary, : they -would find almost, verbatim, the speech delivered 'by the hon. member for Kilmore this: night. (' Hear, and lauehter.V' Then what about the ' rights of propeity- and capital?' 'Why this constant . vaunting- of wealth, and this demanding of protection ?. Let me tell those hon. members again, that far less wealthy men arc actuated by as pure a sense of patriotism as those who vaunt their superior wealth, and social position ; although, perhaps, in many. cases, they possess little :, more than their poverty-stricken brethren on this side. (Hear, hear.) Then it is said that his Excellency has concealed his letters to the Home Government. What is - it the hon. member wants?. If he wants any document let him call for it in the usual way. ,(Uear, hear.) If it is such as refers to public policy, and suchl as. ought to be produced, I will place it on the table ,of the Hpuse. (Hoar, hear.) But if. it be such, a document that, the contents ought not to .be divulged, save for the profit of capitalists— if it refers to the arrangements of the money transactions between this colony and Great Britain, and, discloses the limits placed upon the price of debentures to be offered for sale in the London market (hear, hear), then I say the hon. member has no right to ask for its production, and I will not be a party to placing it on the table. (Hear, hear.) All hon. members must understand that monetary . transactions of this nature require some secrecy, and that it would be injurious to divulge the limit fixed upon the price of these debentures, although, I Bay it to the disgrace i of some parties connected with : the banking interest — I-say it as reflecting, on them, that when the Government sent to the Committee of the Banks the limits fixed upon, the deben tures, and did so under a bond of secrecy, that confidence was betrayed, and t&© piiee -was made known by the hon. member for Rich mond, who, I yegret, is not in his place.- It will b.a ^br him to show how he ob tained mfor.ncmfeioo which should have been held in the strictest . confidence by the Banlc Commit tee, and should not have become public property until the result of the sale had been known. If the hon. member desires by such statements that colonists should infer that we have no wish to proteGt property, and no wish to pro tect capital, I' say this, that such assertions are unfair, for there is not one amongst us blind to the fact, that all are interested in the prosperity of the colony, and in the protection of capital. The hon. member also speaks of the deterioration of property by the issue of occupation licenses for the,land, and he presumed that the step taken by the Government will have an injurious tendency^ I am not prepared to say whether the system. Tatill not affect one class of the community, buj$ this I can undertake to say that the new regulations will prove of great advantage to the. miner3 and agriculturists, and will condu.ce. to the general prosperity o£ the people. (Hear, hear.) They may affect a certain class,, but any Government is justified in making a, change for the general good of the: community, although a few individuals may suffer therefrom. If we legislate for. the iny tereats. of the colony in general a slight injury to a particular class miy be necessary in consulting the general Rood. These changes Eaust take place! It would not be becoming in me to defend the legality of the action taken : by the Govern ment but on th& ground I join Issue with the hon,. member, who has also charged ua -with haying ignored, the ? assembling of Parliament. I helieve that thv Government ljaa acted in thorough accordance with the Land Act. and more, the hon. member himself would be the first to admit that we should be unworthy of our posi- ' tion us- a Government if we stoopgd^ to ask the Parliament for permission to cay^y out the powers conferred by a previous Parlament, (Hear, hear.) ! All hinges on this queifitipn, whether the proceed- '? ings are legal or o-1iier,wise ? It is not fair, of the ; hon. meir^b^i;- to charge us with having done whaJ i we b,,o-ie,ye, Aye nave full power to dp, legally, for \ifhjr should we ask this Parlianieut for -nermission tp carry out any particular, clause of th.e-lan,d Act? ^hat more power dpesthe Go-v^ntft^at ^qxiire? WehavQ carried out the Uyf p3r professional adv\^p. 'Sffe. believe, -qw set* to be legal ; we ljnowth,erAtpb«^tio. Wdif hon.memters op posite AXiH *P^utj ^ they will be compelled to, a.jto\C-» tli' mllest operation to the new land ^SWa *ons they ^.will be the means of promoting te interests of the people, and those still to come will derive the advantage of ouv doing that which has been so long desired, while by the assistance , of capitalists like the hon. member for Kilmore, and others, confidence will be imparted in property of all descriptions; (Hoar, hear, and j ° After a few remarks &om; Mr, £. E. Brodribb ! mi Mr, Berry. The SPEAKER put the question, 'that an address be presented,' &c;, which was carried without any expressions of dissent. \- Wednesday, 4th Septembejec, 1861. The proceedings in the Legislative Assembly on 'Wednesday were of a very tame character, and almost entirely devoid of interest. The Assembly met at three o'clock, and proceeded to' the Go vernment House, to present the address .in reply to the Governor's speech to his Excellency. His .Excellency! briefly replied, and the Speaker and members present then retired. The -House re sumed its sittings at four minutes after; four; o'clock. The usual sessional orders proposed by the Chief Secretary were agreed to, and Mr Lalor was, on the motion of Mr Gillies, seconded!.' hy Mr Duffy, again elected to the? post o£: Chairman of Committees. Mr Reid piesentei. himself as the member for the Murray, and hav-i ing taken the customary oath, took his seat on the Opposition side of the House. It had: been re ported that the hon. gentleman would not take his seat until the result of the protest against his brother's decision was known, but it appears that he is actuated by no sach feelings of delicacy. The House adjourned at an- early hour, to four o'clock on Tuesday next. ............. 