TIU3 1 1 LIFE IN AUSTRALIA. IIOW I'll 1 r, CONN ELL GOT HIS COWS OUT OF FOUND. 'There's many a slip 'twixt the cup and the lip." — Old Piiovemi. About a dozen miles from Campbell- town, and but a short distance from the little sequestered village of Appin, is situated, near the foot of a somewhat elevated hill, a neat, commodious, tasto- fully-huilt cottage. Tlie cottage, like many a structure of more assuming im portance, lias had in its time many a master to claim its ownership. Iu the year of grace 184 — , however, the then occupier was a man of reputed indepen- dent circumstances, named — Harrow-: lie was considered plain, blunt, and honest in his dealings generally, but far from being a paragon of neighbours. Some thought, his conduct at times sa voured of selfishness, that his belief was orthodox iu the maxim "every man for himself;" or, to borrow an ' illustration, lie judged that every Shylock had a right to his pound of flesh. On the other hand, there were many who lauded hiiu for his hospitality, and sundry other good qualities, aud, in sooth, were ready and willing to prove that Ilsirrow was without a fault ouly for his little weak-, uess iu tlie matter of impounding cattle on tlie slightest pretext; but then the apologist chimed in that he had a right to protect his property as he thought proper, and it merely differed from oilier men's notions 011 tlie same subject in the niauuerofexecutiou — nothing more; and whore could be found a better folLuv ? ami didn't he treat any one who paid tlie cottage a visit like a prince? and hadn't, lie always a warm welcome fi r lii.s friends? and wasn't he jolly over his glass, and uscn't ho to keep capital liquor? — so that nobody hail a right to say that Mr. Harrow wiis not all perfec tion 1 Now Harrow's farm was somewhat extensive, aud, being so, required care ful supervision, especially as the wooden fences seemed better litted to serve as -landmarks-thun toTteep-ourstray caffleT In con equence of their dilapidated state, covetous cattle from adjoining and less-' favoured paddocks would steal a march on the wary farmer, and pass and repass above, beneath, or through the slinky fence, doubtless to their perfect satisfac tion. Many a time and oft were these unruly quadrupeds compelled to do pen ance by a trip to the village pound ; and, though it was well understood by the neighbouring farmers that Harrow' was never known to revoke a trespass fine, yet, notwithstanding these little inter ruptions, the tiuisance to that worthy man continued almost unabated, and iu his sore affliction lie uniformly con signed the intruders to the tender mercies of the pnundkocper, us the only means of obtaining redress for damage done -to his property generally, and for the loss of peace of mind to himself in dividually. A son of Erin, known as Phil Connnll, had a farm in the same' locality, and a portiouof Phil's land lay next to Harrow's, being only separated by the tottering fence already alluded to. Phil was a jovial, gouerous, impulsive, cureless sort of fellow, was ever ready to hum a song, crack a joke, or jokingly cruck a head for fun's-sake ! he, above and before all others, gave the most trouble with least profit to his more sedate neighbour ; for Inmost Phil had always something laugh able to relate, whenever ho met a few of the surrounding farmers at some social gathering, about the pranks he played off on Harrow; nor, indeed, did he cave to adhere to facts, as ho would mention impromptu a supposed recently enacted joke, which showed his own cleverness to the disadvantage of poor Harrow, thereby making thatindividval an object of ridiculo. Not only did Phil Conuell TrTt 1 1 <Tfi rsY'pe rs 0 ml ingulur, thus otic ml against good manners, but his cattle pos sessed thieving propensities, and whether by instinct, or by a shout, a whistle, a whisper, or some other natural, or su pernatural agency, cortainit is they were generally sure to be oil the " other side of danger " at the approach of Harrow, and therefore beyond his control. Still with all these precautions, there were times when Phil was caught napping, and was reminded of tlie oversight by a demand for trespass money and poundage fees. The Irishman did not fancy these appeals to his pocket, and bitter, loud, aud frequent, were hiscomplaintsagainst, " that ould schamer." " Sure," Phil would say, "if tiiim divils of cows wj, only stop at home, they'd got both 1 grass than any on ould Harrow's laud,0,1; but the aforesaid cows seemed to have notion of their own on tlie matter, ana were too stubborn to listen to reason1 Things weut on in this unsatisfactory way for a lengthened- period. At last, however, the great crisis arrived. One night the entiro of Phil's cattle, from the yearliug heifer to the old tinic- honourcd brindle cow, did themselves the honour of a visit to tho proscribed paddocks belonging to Harrow. That sturdy farmer was up with the sun uext morning, and as lie was taking a tour of inspection round tho farm, he perceived the thieves grazing quiet contentedly, and there stood, or rather lay, the fence, broken in sundry wuys aud places by which they had entered. Harrow was in misery at tho sight, but consoled him self by giving sharp, short, and decisive directions to have the cattle impounded, and to put £5 as a fine on tliem for tres passing — not a penny less — and in the \- -pound-were-PhiFs-quadrupeds' duly en sconced. Early the same miming Phil's better- half gave orders to have the cows as sembled for creamy purposes, but a cow was nowhere to bo found, and to the despair of Phil he learned, after a deal of useless searching, that Harrow had seut them to Appin pound. The luck less wight shaped his course homewards, aud told his wife ail particulars, conclud ing, " that not a singlebaste wid four legs belonging tothim, barrin'thecat, and the parrot, bud that thief of tho world, Harrow, had -pounded." J " Well, Phil, I'd advise you to go over to Mr. Harrow's aud try to get out the cattle, perhaps he's not as bad as you think," said Mrs. Connell. " Oh ! begor ! Mary, talk is chapo, as the beggar-man said whin ho got uothin' else; don't you know yourself, Harrow will screw out tho last farthing he can for the trespass," replied Phil. " Surp," said Mrs. (J., " try him any how, worse than lose you cau't, and thank Heaven you're able to pay for the , cows if you fail in your mission, so try Phil avick, perhaps you eould soften his cowld heart with some of the rum you | made lately ; they say Harrow is purty lenient, to the liquor." " Bedad, three for you, Mary, the ould miser can bottom his glass wid any man iu the district, and if every other re- _ -S00xse..fails,-JTI try -to meit-tindwuiosa into his hones wid adropofwiy./omoity," answered Phil, with a knowing wink. So Phil started on a morning visit to tlie cottage, and while he goes on his way ponderiug, let us pause to enlighten the reader briefly on the subject glitter of tho conversation, above alluded to, which passed between l'liil and his rib, touching his " Jamaky." At the time of which we write, stills for illicit pur poses were neither few nor far between, and among others, Phil Connell was known to confidential parties, not only to have a still of his own, but tlie rum pro duced under Phil's supervision was held to be superior to any distilled iu the district ; .aud, iu truth, the good naturcd Exile ol Erin was looked upon as the soul of generosity in his disposal of the unlawful beverage. Well, as we above observed, Phil sped on his morning call, and as lie strolled along meditating 011 the mishap and what was likely to come of it, a bright idea occurred to him, and having tho roughly thought over his chances of success, seemed fully satisfied about the result, and performing three long strides in treble quick time, came to a halt, snapped his fingers, and gave a long low significant whistle (such as some people indulge iu when surprised at their owu or other folks' cleverness), gave the mat ter little or no further consideration, TnrrTutRy-went— along— litiug, bits and scraps of Irish comic songs, intertwined with characteristic remarks, such as suited his temperament. As Phil neared the cottage lie beheld Harrow walking with uieasured pace to and fro in the verandah. " Oh, thin, you ould sarpint," said Phil in an uudertoue, " won't I have the luu of Cork before I'm done wid you," and in a louder key hummed — "Of all the trades a-going Sure begging is the best. For whin a man is weary, He may sit down and rest — " (" Harrow, -you schamer, its little rest you'll have whin you find me out — ") " Oeh! my name isbould Carty from Trim, And I don't care astrawfor any man — " (' The divil a hit thin 110 more does' Phil Connell from Appin.") " Garryowen is gone to rack Since Johnny Council whit to Cork." (" I parcave Harrow is lookiu', I must purtind not to notice liiui.") . " Instead of spa we'll drink brown alo, An' pay tlie reeko .in' on the nail, No man for debt shall go to jail — From Garryowen na-glory." — " Good morrow, kindly, Mr. Harrow. Begor I'd have passed you bye if I didn't see you. Swinging weather, sir, as .Joe Murphy said the mornin' lie was liuug Any tliiug fresh or frosty in the shape of news, Mr. Harrow." Phil was allowed to ramble no farther, for with great sternness of manner Harrow interrupted him. " News, mati ! what news do you want from me? Yes I have plenty of news; go to Appin pound and you'll learn enough of it aud no mistake. You scom to glory in annoying me. I can hear the remarks you make about me, and I'll take care to be even with you this time," said Har- , . row . " Oh, thin, troth you're mighty cross this blessid mornin'; don't h'lieve what any dirty blackguard wid sry ov me ; I never towld any one yet that black was tho white of your eye, hut always spoke in the highest praise ov yon ; but why did you tell me to go to Appin pouud, Mr. Harrow ?" asked simple Phil, " Because your cattle broke down my fences, and stole into my paddocks last night, Connell ; that's the reason, if you wish for the information ; and you kuow when I'll say I'll do a tiling I'll do it, aud I t ell you uow not a boast belonging to you shall leave the pound until you pay me £5," rejoined ilurrow. " Oil, Mr. Harrow," said Phil, "sure it's not yourself is in airnest. I was goin' over to Mike Hogau's to borrow a team for the day, or I would'nt have come this way at all, au' faith it's well I did now. Don't you know it's agin my will a baste ov raino wid injure you iu tlie laste, and sorry I am for tho acoideut, bud won't you give me an order to get tliim thieves ov the world out ov pound " " I will," replied Harrow, " when you give me £5 for damages, and not u penny less will I take. It will teach you to mind your cattle better, and to speak more respectful of your neighbours in future." " Well, Sir. Harrow, you're a3 obsti- rut.eos a mule, excuse me t'orsay in' so, bud I tell you what I'll do. I have as nate. a sample of rum 11s ever touched the ton gue of a human ehrcatur, ov my owu makin', and iv you give me a good sized keg I'll fill id for you, and maybe you have heard that Phil Connell never gave afrieud a wake drop yet.,' said wor thy Phil. Now the matter stood thus; Harrow was not proof against the jeers and ridi cule of Phil, and, in fact, lie felt more annoyed at the sarcastic allusions of Phil than the damage done to his property by that individual's cuttle ; also he hud long wished toobtainsome of Phil's" Jamaky," of which report spoke so highly. He thought, therefore, that he could pur chase the silence and drink the coveted liquor of the Hibernian by consenting to Phil's proposal, so, after a little par ley, be agreed to accept the "Jamaky," and made Phil promiso better behaviour for the time to come. A rceeutly emptied keg 'was given to Phil, aud on his suggestion the cork was allowed to remain in the keg for con- venience-sakc, Phil declaring that he hadn't the " makins" of a cork at home. " Well, the top ov the mornin' to you Mr. Harrow," said Phil, departing, " and long life to yoursowl." Phil hastened home in capital spirits, and considered his plot as already suc cessful. "Now," said tho original, as he entered the house, " Now, Mary asthore, get me a good sized candle mould, that 'ill fit nately into tho bung-hole of this keg." " What do you want a candle mould for, Phil ; how did you settle with Har row," said Mrs. C. " Ob, thin in troth I'm not half settled wid him yet, Mary ; bud before tlie \- -mttrtri ir-is-ovei — PH-nntke- lrimtriie"i arrnftP in-stock nf Appin for a mouth of Sun days," rejoined Phil. " Take care, Phil, whntyou're about," interrupted the wife; " I hope you'll di nothin' -wrong.'1 " Oh, never mind that, Mary; throtb I'm riot sich a fool all out, hud there's no time for talkiu' now, ouly get, me the mould," said Phil. While Mrs. C. was searching for the required article, Phil occupied himself iu filling the newly arrived keg with water. Mrs. C. having found the caudle mould as Phil had completed his task, that ingeuious Irislunau fitted the mould in the bung-hole of the keg ; he then filled the narrow chamber of the mould with rum, and afterwards adjusted the cork in such a clever mauner,_as to baffle detection. Having completed every thing to his satisfaction, honest Phil, gave a hearty chuckle, and asked his bettor-half, " if she ever thought he was sieli a brotli ov u boy." " Well, Phil, it's too bad ov you to decave the man that way," said Mrs. Council. "Arrali, Mary, there's not a purty girl in Limerick, if I don't cure Harrow from the pouudin' disaise he lias before an hour's time, hut I must be off anyhow for — "There's not a trnile that's goin,' Worth sliowin' or knowiu' Like that of triolein' Harrow, — Sava-the.howld soier boy." and so saying Phil started for the cot tage, taking with him the keg, " war ranted full to the hung." Harrow was impatiently waiting the Patlander's arrival, and the first intima tion he received of that person's approach, was ou hearing our hero chautiug the following original rhyme, made im- promtu for the occasion : — \- " I am a gay fellow, from Ireland I came, I there fell to coiirtin' an ugly ould dame ; Ilur miine wa3 Miss Frosty, justsixty years i old, I But I cared not a fig for herself bud her gold, Sing-too-ral-Ial-ool-ral-lal-oo. " Arrali, is that yourself or your ghost, is there, Mr. Harrow? begor the weight ov the keg is inakiu' me drunk, an the smell ov .the rum is painin' 111c shoulder; oh! murthur an' Dish, where 'ill I lave the keg?" asked Phil. " You have been long enough away at all events," rejoined Harrow, " hut no matter, brijig\iu the keg to the cot- tage." ) " Oh, thin, Mr. Harrow," said Phil, "ov coorse that's all you know about id; hadn't I to get tlie rum from its hidin' place, an' to rineh the keg, an1 fill it to the bung, for I wouldn't stint a daeent man like yourself for tho matter of a trifle of rum ; though its well-known the contints of thut-keg bates out any other ever made iu the district, as ov coorse you heard before this time ov day." " Well, I suppose it's as good as any other, so bring in the keg and let us prove its merits," said Harrow. " Yes, faix, you're right Mr. Harrow," replied Connell, " its aisy enough to praise a tiling,- hut the proof ov the pud- din's is in the atcin', an' a glass from the cork there will-tell more than iv I was " talktn'-for-a- ye.arraaTa-day£-_ Harrow drew a couple of gl asses of the " Jainaky " which lie, as well as the maker, smelt, tasted, and drunk, with the gusto of connoisseurs. This agree able occupation having been conclud ed, " Here," said Harrow, " is tho order to get your cattle out of pound, I wrote it while you were away." " Thank you," replied Phil on receiv ing the document; " an' it's I'm much obleeged to you, and may tlie contints ov the keg do your heart good, so good moruing, Mr. Harrow." " Good moruing, Mr. Connell," was the reply. ' As soon as Phil got a brief distance from the cottage, it was surprising to observe with what agility he scampered along towards his own dwelling, occa sionally, indeed, he could be secu giviug a hop, step, aud jump, and nnon, a leap or two, hut scarce appeared to slacken liia speed, uutil he arrived almost breath less at the threshold of his door, nor did he even enter but merely informed Mrs. Connell " that the fish took the hate, and that he (Phil) was off to the pouud for the cattle." Shortly after Phil's departure from the cottage, Harrow, feeling thirsty, went to the "Jauiaky" keg, armed with a tumbler, to moisten his lips with a bum per. He commenced pouring forth the delightful beverage, while a smile of satis faction played on Iris countenance, but after extracting about what is called, iu colouial parlance, a " nobbier," the keg seemed to hint he had had quite enough and he should get no more. Harrow be came puzzled, lie knew not the why or tho wherefore — he blew a long puff of breath into the chamber of the cock, but without success — he tapped the keg with his knuckles, to assure himself it was not empty — bo could bear no further suspense, so he- upturned the keg and pulled out tho cock — one single glance sufficed to convince him that he was sold by the ingenious Phil, Harrow was enraged at the treachery practised on him by Connell, but thought by using despatch he might yet " bite the biter," so ordering a horse to be sad dled, he was, in the space of a few min utes, galloping away iu tho direction of Appin pouud ; but he counted without his host, for Phil knew time just theti was as precious to himself as to the other, and instead of Harrow being beforehand at the pound, ho actually met Phil about midway driving the cattle leisurely be fore hint homewards bound. ' Harrow fiercely demanded Phil to pay the £5 for trespess. " Arrab, sure," said Connell, " 1 thought we settled that little business already ; didn't I give you a mouthful of rum and helped to drink id along wid you to get out the cattle." "Yes, Council," replied Harrow, "you may well say it was a mouthful, but I'll make you pay dearly yet, you confouuded rascal ;" hero Harrow shook Iris whip iu a significant manner at Phil —thai wor thy, however, instead of shewing any in dication of fear of corporal punishment, robbed some old street ballad for a rep! vf which was as follows: — " Tow, row, row, Harrow wid yon now, Take uio while I'm in the humour, ' That's just now, thut's just now." 1 During Phil's rendering of the above exquisite lines, his victim effected a hasty 1 retreat,. Phil shouted after him to come hack. " Oil, you ould schamer," roared Phil, would you bo after sthrikin' me ; tare an' ouns will you couto back tal 1 make mince mate ov you ; come hethcr ma boughal for some ov Phil Council's "damaky;" begor Harrow since I came to the colony, I niver had such fun as I'll have at your expince," Connell's anger seemed now altogether appeased, and a long loud laugh succeeded, as lie thought on the retuitatiuu in store for Harrow. The owner of the cottage never ful filled, his threat against Phil, for the clever Irishman iiad, or protended he had, Harrow in the power of the law, for pur chasing unlawful liquor, and as Phil made no secret of the matter, the other having heard the rumour which was pro bably inteuded for his ears, quietly sub mitted to tho adverse turn of fortune, and even allowed Phil's thieving cattie to roam unmolested, through the hitherto well guarded padduck To the honour of Pliil be it recorded, that ho took every precaution from that time forth, to prcveut Iris cattle from in juring his neighbours property, ami thut lie afterwards did give Harrow a keg of t I rtrrga 1— P hi 1— Conn e 1 l-"-Jn m a k yjas— u- birth-day present, which mark of friend ly feeliug totally eradicated all the dif ferences that existed between the two farmers, and as Phil truly prophesied — ho cured Harrow of t.lie " disease of 'pounding cattle." — Weekly Empire. A Coot, Avengeu. — A certain English gentleman, who was a regular frequenter ot' tho grecn-ropm of Drury Lane Theatre in the days of Lord Byron's committee, and who always stood quietly 011 the earth rug there with his hack to the lire, was in his usual place one night when a nar- rativc was related by another gentleman, newly arrived from the Continent, of a barrier duel that had taken, place in Paris. A young gentleman — a mere boy — had been despoiled in a gaming-house iu the Palais Iioyal, had charged a certain gam ing count with cheating him, had gone out with' the count, had wasted his fire, and had been slain by the count under the frightful circumstances of the fount's walk ing up to him, laying his hand 011 his heart, saying, "You are a brave fellow, have you a mother ? " and 011 his re plying in the affirmative, remarking cooly, " I am sorry for her," and blowing his victim's brains out. The .gentleman 011 the hearthrug paused iu taking a pinch of snuff to hear this story, and observed with great, placidity, " I am afraid f'niust kill that, rascal." A few nights elapsed, during which the green-room hearthrug was : without him, and then lie rc-appeared ! precisely as before, and only incidentally | mentioned in the course of the evening, j " Gentlemen — I killed that rascal !" He i had gun over to Paris 011 purpose, had j tracked the count to the same gaming I house, had thrown a glass of wine iu his -face- iiFthe-preseiice-of-all--the -company- assembled there, had told him that lie was eontc to avenge his young compatriot — and had done it by putting tlie count out of this world and coming hack to the hearth rug as if nothing had happened. — . Household Words. Mit. and Mas DrcivENS. A London correspondent writes us as follows: — " Mr. and Mrs. Dickens have been re conciled and are again living together. Let us trust that wo shall hear 110 more of ' incompatibility.' The fact is that Mrs. Diokens is a plain, matter-of-fact, sensible woman, without any literary tastes, and who, possibly, has not read the whole of her husband's novels. It seems to me that this is just the sort of a wife that a litcateur should have, see ing thut they could not come in one an - other's way; but Dickens thought other wise, and sees, I suppose, in the happy relation that exists between Sir Edward and Lady Bulwer a proof of the happi ness which must arise when no author aud authoress are united. But Dickens is getting older, and, therefore, wiser, aud sees that he will be most happy in the society of the mother of his family. — Banffshire Journal. A Giieat Physician and iiis Fees. — The largest sum Sir Astly Cooper ever received iu one year was £21,000, hut for a series of years his income was more than £15,000 per auuuiu. As long as he lived iu the city his gains were enormous, though they varied, the state of the money market, having a curious effect ou his fees. Most city pa tients paid theirfee with a cheque, and seldom wrote for less than £5 5s. I11 Spring-gardens and Conduit-street his professional income was less, though the paticuta were most aristocratic. Mr. Coles, of Mincing-lane, for a long period, paid him £GOO a year. A city man, who consulted him in Broad-street, and departed without giviug him any fee, soon after sent a cheque for £G3 10s., with the following note : — " Dear Sir — When I had first the pleasure of seeing you, you requested that I would consider your visit as that of a frieud. I now, sir, must rcturu the compliment by your accepting tho enclosed draft as an act of friendship. It is the profit on £2000 of the ensuing loan, out of a small sum Sir T. Baring had given me the pleasure of appropriating for" your chance." - A West Indian miilionarie gave Cooper his largest fee. Ho had uudergone success fully a painful operation, and paid his physicians,. Lottsom and Nelson, witli 300 guineas each. " But you, sir," said the grateful old man, sitting up in bed, and addressing Cooper, " shall have some thing better. There, sir, take that !" It was Iris nightcap, which he flung at the surprised surgeon, " Sir," answered Cooper, " I'll pocket the affront," and on reaching home lie found in the cap a draft for 1000 guineas. 