. iT ut ; TO THE! EDITO ft Oí THIS IIITIIIB. .. ', Sin-In your'ÍRRUO ^of to.dny appears a loiter elgned ;" It, Dransfield," on n, aubjoot of, suoh vitsl im pori «noa to tho wi H.being and future, progrota of thia colony, , that I hopo many gentlemen will ba found poaaeaaing I the! ability,, and wbb ara improsned with the import- ? anco of encouraging;: raannfaoturcB, helping on, what 'I , oonpeivo, to bo Buoh o good cause. ..Ono of tbe greataat ... wtrita,felt by parents of the présent day in Ills colony is, employment .for, their'aonn. Let any one who dil- "' bollevi'B tbis,.try,th» eíTeot of aa advertisement in one of , tho dally .papera offering a situation for a i espectable» : lad, and I have no hesitation in Bsyine that ho will be Inundated with. applicants. , How different would' th« 'state of things be if manufacturing wero. encouraged, lads could'obtain employment, become skilinl workmen),?. . and, in ,thoir4turn,, become ruastcra and nruployera of lobpur. I am'firmly persuaded tbat protective duties, would do'moro/to advance tho prosperity of this colony'than" any ^and 'bill that is evor likely to tesóme) lawj here. Whit, in the nemo of common seiiao.ia to hinder un from making all our boots and shoos, saddlos, blabkets, tweeds, carriages, tubs and buoketn, and a boat of things which'I might enumerate 7 , It will ba said tba. 3 price of ..labour;, but lot prolootivo duties bo ono», ; established, and thia objection vanishes. Them would '« then be "no torchlight meotings,1 nb riots at Burrangong,"' plenty pf employment for, all, a Urge..revenue,,to ba!,1,. ,1 spent in pormanent improvctnenti in tho. colony, girt tm* ing, in ita turnVamplo employment'to thousands of men'- ¡ able and .wilting to .work, who are now roaming about from, ono 'digging to another, many of,tbem skilled '' wofkmon, who cannot get a da;'« work at .trades walene , it took them many yeara to loarn. Money, Iii thou>><. : eanda,'lying in, tho banks, as Axed deposito,', would - aa. .',. draWn ..out end 'spent in ballding«, i Thus, shopkeeper,. : tradesman, (armer, end, I will add, grazier, would ba «?< bmefltod in their turn.' '. ..' '.' "' ?)" LJ",'.?-?'.''! Sioiild.ybu think, this .worthy of insortion in your.,.., columns' perhaps, I may trouble you again on tho tania . ? aub! ot; ?' " . ' " - '' ' ..' ' .'' " rl "r Oaraç-ea. ,-. . . .... S. O. E.: '. DEATII TUE Turca OF OLony.-Tbe following is fron'' (tic'AVu Ztalander, ot Marali 3:-" Tilo death of James . liownrd. OOlli Regiment, who . expired on Saturday last of wound« received bu tho aird January, 1» n nail Inol- , dent of tho fortunou of war, and tonda.to illustrate tba 'instability of ron Ir, wealth, honour, Jc\ lu- Ibo regl moot ~Howard^,wo8 olwajB regarded with rupp ot «nd doferonoe by bia Colnrade»,. for his benrinp, on all ooaa-" Bione, boro tho stamp or superiority, lint it waa only at fow' hours boforo his dooth that bia real poaillbn boeatt« known.. .Feeling that -lifo waa diawing to . alose,,ha sent for tho officer ia ahargo of his company (Lieutenant Urquhatt), ; and rovoalod to him, among other,' tbingi, that lita naroo was not 'Howord'; . but' ono BB proud and OB aristocrat^. I clo not fool at liborty to nlato tho real name, but hia fathor is a well, «riown knight. ' Bomo imprudent al op a of youth induced ? -to enlist In tho ranks'of the army, and Ulna ho exiled himaolf from thu bosom of his distinguished family under tba historio name of ' Howard.' No noldler waa ovor more,.zealous in seeking opportunities of dia-' tingniihlDg himaolf when ongngud with tto enemy, and his . aim Was doubtless torstrlevo by some chivalrous,' dead what be lost by tho tuQUjhtloBBueisof youth. .Had',, be lived, hs had ancooedod, for ha was foremost,ini tba . onslaught of tho 33rd January ; but unhappily his death was tho prfpoof bis gloiy, and ho who wnnliitely so fall' ' of tho proudoat- hopoB now .sloops in the humble but. honoured gravo of h prlratu soldier," A NAWiow.EscArti.-That night wo lighted up Our " littta cabin, got out tho airds, and wero soon deeply ion. mersFd in tho frucliiatlonn ol' euchra mut " old tledgo." - Tbs night waa pltah dark, and ,wo wero dirootty in the track of tho Kutopoan pnekuts and str«mi>liips; hut rely-' lng on tho lights wo had sat, and tho vigllenoa of our look-out, wa apprehended liq danger, though betwion the tricks I could not help looking up through tho companion-' way, iuto tho blick darkntai, and nssaring mynolf that our watch was on tho nleit. Wt< had Just resolved to bredk tip, nnd tum Ini when wo hoard tho loud about of " Sail ho I" from Nyo, who WAR on dook, followed by tba Bound of his heavy boote os ho ran nit. It was plain that tho danger I had feared was upon us. I waa the.drat, tin ouglt the oompanion-wayand upon deck, and all banda . tumblod up in a twinkling. ~Emrr|;iag from the lighted, oabln tho Budden dnOtnossot first blinded us; but directly tho form of un English poosol-Bbip loomed through tho :, night, oloso upon' ut. Wyo waa ' already sounding the-' foghorn, and tho reply of her foreuitstle boll showed Ihit, wo woro aeon. On,abo came, with dim lights,twinkling, about her hull, her pyramid of oonvan towering far above, us,, her bown now buried to the hawser.bolos In a smother of fnntn, arid anon rearing up, displaying her'., prent out-water and burulahad capper, dripping like. Nopiuno rising from tho briny ouean. It was'a1 (enrfttl moment. Silo aaeraod to proRB steadily on, without deviating from her. oourio, and ,T, had already prepared for a death-grip upou ber chain bob. s t a j B, that seomod with - tho next p! uti go ready to saw across our quarter. Tho rough face« of orowdB of Bailors wero seen looking at tn from out of . port.bolos, betwoan liumwook.notting*, and "from th« great tops, Slowly sha answered her helm, payed off . handaontoly ; nod an «ho pained wo observed u ' number of ourlou» laoes j.erring down upon un, - starting i their -,, fjoos with their banda. Among them wero severer lnillon l oun of wbe in wo plainly beard say, "l'cor' fallo'*» I how they must au lier in auoh . a'Httle., uncomfortable ahlp I" Her many llghtn gloamad quickly upon oar wet deolm, and ' from, 1 the quartor-gnilerlen a dlsllnot voiao gavo tho 'order . lo tho hnlmsinnn " Hard a slarbnnrd I Steady |'. And immediately after, " Whnt aahoonot'ri tint 7" " Hhnily Oarlrr, from Mnrblohondl" .. What abip'a , that?" " Man.oop.iiop-poul I" "Hid you multo out tho »amor," asked sumo ono, on tho volop, bomousoy ly tho wind, carno faintly tn na, " No. Bing out nualn I " Ilut oho waa ali'eiuly beyond the rnnolt of vnioeiij and oven as wa hp'oho har epnrH and hhndnwy canvas Hwept liku a ghost out of sight, I thought of Wallington Trviug'H (earful «lory, looaiod not far from Ibis vary snot, draw a lonu bventh. and *n all doa «led to ular no mam «arria (hut ulrt.it. FhUing Ailventum OH NU I NtuJtiuniUana Unn7.n," ii» Uuriitri JNtw Mommy j gniM. 