"XOUNG MEN'S ASSOCIATION, ITOBTH ADE- LAIDE.-On Thursday evening the Congregational Chapel, North Adelaide, was completely filled with a highly respectable audience, who came together to hear the Rev. Isaac New, of Melbourne, lecture on " The Greatness of Man." Amongst tho company we observed members of both Houses of the Legislature, and ministers of various denominations. His Honor the Chief Justice, R. D. Hanson, Esq., took the chair. His ' Honor said he had a pleasing and easy duty to perform in introducing the lecturer - a gentleman who was so well known both by tho fame which had preceded him, and by that which he had already acquired in this colony, and that proved how identical were the feelings of peoplo in the two colonies in respect to those matters which related to in tollectual progress. After a fow more brief remarks, th? Chairman introduced the Rev. Mr. Now to the meeting. The lecturer commenced by saying that for the past 24 honra he had been very unwell, and what- ever excellencies the people of Adelaide might possess, they lacked one, and that was mercy to a minister. He had only been in the colony a short period, and had during that time had no less than eleven engagements, and a good deal of ¿rough travelling ; he therefore threw himself on the tender indulgence of his audience. He had to speak of the greatness of man, but he might speak of his littleness. Man was a creature of contra- dictious-a paradox in the nniverse- and the depth of his degradation was the measure, in an inverse ratio, of the greatness to which he might attain. Pascal pro- foundly observed that the greatness of man was seen by his knowledge of his own misery, and that though that he was so proved his misery it also proved his great- ness. The lecturer then road a quotation from "Sir W. Herschell's Discourse on the Study of Natural Philo- sophy." Man was the undisputed lord of the creation, and his mental powers gave him the ascendancy over animals of superior strength and agility. His attitude is erect, not prone ; there was majesty in his mien and sovereignty in his eye. Cicero has said : " How many excellencies has God "bestowed on man ! He has raised him from the ground and made him lofty and erect, that by contemplating the skies he might attain to a knowledge of the gods." Sallust alludes to the same idea in the -first section of his "Conspiracy ot Cataline." and few are ignorant of the beautiful lines of Ovid, which Dryden, renders : "-While the mute creations downward bend Their sight, and to their earthly mother tend, Man looks aloft, and with erected eyes Beholds his own hereditary skies," , < These, however, are surpassed by our own'Milton : " There wanted yet the master work, the end Of all yet donc, a creature who, not prone .And brute as other croatures, but endued With sanctity of reason, might erect His stature, and upiight with front serene GQvem the rest, self knowing, and from thence Magnanimous to correspond with Heaven." But it is not in his external aspect, distinguished as that is for eminent superiority to every other form of sentient being, that we are to seek for the elements of man's greatness, but in his mind, his mental attributes, his moral facufties, his capability of intellectual excellence and lofty virtue, in his power of will, of self-government, of subjugating the passions to the dictates of reason and the voice of conscience, of trampling on difficulties which may confront his efforts, and of vanquishing whatever is hostile to his highest interests and purest happiness ; in his power of conveying his ideas to others, many a time clothed with beauty and instinct, with the living fire of a burning eloquence which inspires the listener ; in his powor of giving form lo his conceptions, breathing into them his soul, and investing them with the graceful charms of poetry, or bodying them forth on the glowing canvas, or chiselling them in marble, or fashioning them into diversified productions of utility which minister to the convenience of lifo or adorn it with the decorations of elegance and grace. And in the search they would find enough to convince them of the truth of'the sentiment expressed in a book too little known and too much despised-" Thou hast made him but a little lower than the angels," There was a beautiful harmony between man and the consti- tution of things in which ho existed. The processes of reasoning and the discoveries of science were then elo- quently alluded to. Man had searched the earth for wonders, aud had discovered the remains of the gigantic animals of an antediluvian era, as well as those of the microscopic animalcules 40,000,000 of which could bo con- tained in a cubic inch. The investigations and triumphs of astronomy, geology, botany, and the various sciences came under review. Man has sub- jected the forces of nature to his use ; by bringing his mind to bear on the subject of steam, an energy of propulsion was discovered which now whirled carriages along on the railroad-", swift as the eaglo flow. He had learned, to speak by electricity and to convey thought by lightning ; the subtlest influences of light had been arreste 1 and conveyed to transmit to the silvery surface the features of the human face with per- fect accuracy of detail. " How poor, how rich, how abject, how august, How complicate, how wonderful is man, How passing wonder he who made him such. / .»*****?*** Oh, what a miraclo to man is man." One of the distinguishing characteristics in the great- ness of man was his power to know himself. The science of mental philosophy was next glanced at. The German school of mysticism was alluded to, and the lecturer gave it as his opinion that the names of Locke, Berkeley, Stewart, Beid, Brown, and Hamilton, notwithstanding their modest pretensions, would be remembered together with the names of others who bad pursued a similar course in Franca and Germany, when the mon of prouder names and more pompous assumption were for- gotten, and their works lost in the oblivion of ages. Man as a social being next carno under review, and political philosophy was rapidly touched on. Man's power of imagination was eloquently spoken of, and allusions were made to several dramatic and other poets of ancient and modern times. Of Shakspeaio the lec- turer said "he towered aloft in regal supremacy above all. If ever any being on this earth comprehended the whole of humanity, penetrated the depths of its spirit, understood its mysteries and complications, the opera- tions of its powers, and tho ever varying phases of its oharaoters, its diversified feelings and sentiments-all its moods and aspirations, its hope . aud fears, its joys and sorrows, its guilt and remorse-tho subtle interlinking of its thoughts, and the darkest workings of its passions - that being w.is Shakspeare." A magnificent panegyric on Milton followed, who was said to bo in some respects superior even to Shakspeare. One of his biographers had said, that " if he had been delegated on a mission to some other world, he would have awakeucd a lofty conception of the extra- ordinary character of the race from which he had come." | Other English poets of nofo wore mentioned; painters and sculptors were next spoken of. The power of the human will was then alluded to ; it was not in the lap of luxury that man could become truly great, but in the open air of every day life, on the arena of conflict, the tug and the strife and the battle against difficulties. Luthet's character was held up to view as an example of inflexible will and indomitable courage. John Howard and Sir John Franklin were also brought forward as examples of greatness m thoir peculiar spheres. In conclusion, tho lecturer eloquently spoke of the triumphs man was capable of achieving in the spheçe of virtue, beueficen.cef and religion ; Heaven is his home, and immortality hi« day. " The sun is but a spark of fire A transient meteor in the sky ; The soul immortal, as its sire, Shall never die." . The lecturer exhorted young mon especially to aspire after true greatness. They should be ambitious to excel ; "Excelsior" should be their motto. They should not acorn work nor be ashamed of labor ; they should do battle with difficulties. They should seek Knowledge, cultivate their reason, discipline their hearts, do homage to conscience, commune with Nature, worship God. The lecture occupied an hour and 20 minutes in deli- very, and was listened to with intense interest and frequently applauded. The Rev. Jamos Jefferis, L.L.B., the President of the Young Men's Association, moved a vote of thanks to the lecturer, which was seconded by the Hon. W. Peacock, and carried by acclamation; The Hon. G. Tinline then moved and Mr. S. Bakewell seconded a vote of thanks to His Honor the Chief Jus- tice for presiding ; this also was carried by acclama- tion. Both votes having been suitably acknowledged, the meeting broke up soon after 9 o'clock. GERMAN EVANGELICAL LUTHERAN CHURCH. -The foundation stone of a church in connection with tho German Evangelical Lutheran Church was laid in Pirie- street, on Thursday, the 26th December. The church is a small one, nevertheless we are informed when Completed will be quite large enough to accom- modate those attending it. The proceedings com- menced by the pastor of the church, the Rev. Chris- tian Maschmidt giving out the 84th Psalm; after which tho hymn " Come hither you Christians joyfully." ' Prayer being offered up by Mr. Bechtel, of North Ade- laide, Mr. Gaedechens advanced, and placed beneath the foundation stone a bottle containing the daily papers and the following document. " This German Lutheran Community was founded in the year 1847 by the late Rev. Friedrich Barchelt. After having for nine years devotedly filled his office, he died 28th August, 1856. As his successor, 'Johann Christian Maschmidt was appointed 2nd June, 1857. The foun- dation- stone was laid by Mr. A. Gaedechens on the 26th December, 1861. The clergyman of this community is Johann Christian; Maschmidt. The Churchwardens are Messrs. Conrad Bechtel and George Grosse. The Trus- tees are Messrs. Heinrich Gregmann, August Bargelt, Wilhelm Bruggeman, Wilhelm Bresser, David Diedrich, George Klemland, George Grosse, Christian Maschwid, and Conrad Bechtel. The church was built by Messrs. J. Baur and Chamnswood." The stone was then, laid by Mr. Gaedechens, who, in doing so, said-" In the faith of Jesus Christ we place the foundation stone of the Evangelic Lutheran Church, in the name of God the Father, the Son, and God the Holy Ghost. Amen." Ho said he had been desired by their worthy clergyman, the Rev. Mr. Maschmidt, and several members of their community, to lay the foundation stone of the German Lutheran Church ; he had accepted that desire with plea- sure, yet regretting that their choice had not fallen upon one more worthy than himself. Ho sincerely re- gretted that, in consequence of the departure of the English mail, he had ndt been able to give the subject that attention which it deserved, and must apologize for not being better prepared. He only hoped and trusted that the building just commenced would progress rapidly under God's blessing, and with the help of so many friends, both absent and present, and th'at ore long that they might again assemble there for Divine service ; the young to be instructed, the afflicted to be comforted, and that in common prayer we may rise their hearts to God, and so give way to the more sacred feelings of friendship and love towards each other. He hoped that the erection of that church might be the means of ¿is countrymen meeting more frequently trgether for religious purposes, and so strengthen tho tie of orolher hood. They ought to be pleased to see so many of their English friends amongst them, whether they took a part in the ceremony or not. In conclusion he would say might the erection of that humb'e church prove a great blessing to the city. The above speech was given first in the German and after- wards in the English language by the speaker. The Rev Mr. Kean next addressed those assembled, and said for many years those who were instrumental in laying the foundation-stone of that church had met for Divine Worship in the Bible "Christian Chapel, Young- street, Adelaide. They professed the same doctrines as all the Evangelical Churches, and he was happy to see them commencing to build a church for themselves. It was smalt no doubt compared to the other churches around it, yet when completed it would be free from debt. The Rev. Mr. Maschmidt next gave an address in the German language; we were informed that he thanked his English friends-for the accommodation they had given his congregation for many years,' by permitting them to assemble in one of their churches. He thanked God for allowing them the oppoitunity of erecting a building for themselves, and concluded by saying that he hoped it would be the means of drawing many of his countrymen together, in order to return thanks for the many manifold blessings they constantly received at His hands. The Te Deum in German was next sung, after which prayer was offered, and those assembled, about 200, dispersed. NEW DEVON MINING COMPANY.-On Thurs- day, December 2u, a meeting of the shareholders of the above mining company, was held at the Gresham Hotel, King William-street. There wereabout 20 shareholders present. Mr. Alfred Watts waa voted to the Chair. He read the report of the first half-year, from which it appeared that there were 13 men employed on the mine. The balance sheet was also read ; the receipts during the half - year being £3003, and ' the expenditure £2430 los. 3d.,' leaving abalance in hand of £572 4s. 9d. The Chairman, in answer to Mr. Dawes, said, the deed of settlement of the Company had been brought under the Limited Liability Act. Mr. D. Lithgow moved, " That the report and balanee'sheet be adopted." Mr. R, H. Cruttenden seconded. The Chairman put the proposition, and declared it carried unanimously. "A vote of thanks to the Chair concluded the business of the meeting. CHBISTMAS FESTIVITIES, TEATREE GULLY. A correspondent favors us with the following :-Among the numerous pleasure parties that sought relaxation,on Christmas Day none probably spent a more agreeable holiday than the inhabitants of Teatree Gully and its neighbourhood. The particular form which the re- creation assumed was that of a picnic, varied with the amusements of rifle shooting, &e.; The company num- bered over 200 persons, and the tents and other extem- porary arrangements were of the very best description. The practice ground of the Teatree Gully Volunteers is situated about a mile and a-half north, and the walk to it is exceedingly picturesque ; the track loads through the scrub, and is well-known to /every tourist. Tho scrubs of Australia are the most beautiful and character- istic portion of its scenery, the . exotic forms and colors of its shrubs; the screech of cockatoos and. chatter of parrots, and tho darting forth of the frilled lizard, and not unfrequent tho stealthy glide of the black snake, add a charm and a zest to the whole, that no scenery on tho plains, the hills, or the Belted Creek can rival or even approach. The targets stand in the midst of a thick scrub, and the range for about a chain wide is cleared and presents a very fair and oven sighting all the way to the 900 peg. The misses of courso fly into the adjoining trees, and leave no self-recording puff of dust to warn and teach tho riflemen ; this, however, can soon be remedied by throwing up a bank of earth at tho rear of the targets. As the matches wore free to all comere, a tolerable muster occupied the ground. Groups could be seen through the pleasant vistas of the scrub, on horse or foot, and in vehicle, struggling moro or less through thn dense under- growth, and even t crinolino managed-how, it is difficult to explain-in all its attractive volume to display itself and to .captivate many a gallant young volunteer, who, when their scores went low, declared they preferred "blue eyes" to "bulls oyes," and the " Misses in crinoline " to the " misseB in tho score." Capt. Cook commanded during the'day, and we believe it is through tho zeal of this gentleman and Sergeant Hains that, the matches originated, The first was a sweepstakes which was won,by Mr. Stoneham with l8 points, tieing one of the Teatree Gully Company. Distances, 15U and 200 yards. In shooting off he made a centre, and his opponent an outer. The next match was for a sucking pig, a pair of ducks, a pair of fowls, and 4s. (the balance cash of the match.) The chief prizee was tied by a member of the West Adelaide Compiny and one of the Munno Para East Rifles, and in shooting off the latter won, rather to the roliof of the Adelaide man who carno in for the ducks. The next was for another pig, ducks, &c;, at 300 yaids, 5 rounds the great joke of this match was, that another Adelaide man, a member of the No. 1 Company, won the pig; the 2nd a*>d 3rd prizes were won by the local company, and the 4th by the winner (West Adelaide Rifles) in the previous match. The last match was for a bridle and two whips, which were won by two of tho country comt panies, and tho prizeman of the former match (Wes Adelaido Rifles). Sergeant Hains provided an admi- rable lunch for everybody, and many of the visitors were hospitably entertained by Captain Cook, under the shade of the pleasant gum trees, with a first-rate Christmas dinner. On the whole, the diy passed off most plea- santly-tho weather was delightful-tho firing at the targets was good-and the intercourse between friends and strangers goneral and unrestrained. We wish tho ladies all the compliments of the season, and the Teatree Gully Volunteers many happy returns of centres and bull's-eyes. CARELESS DRIVING.-A large number of porsons carno into town from the suburbs on Monday evening to witnoss tho German torchlight procession, so that the public conveyances found pretty good employ- ment in carrying passengers home. Tho eyes of somo of the drivers unfortunately seemed to have been so affected by the glare of the torches that they could not see where they were driving, and two or three rather awkward collisions va. Rundle-street were the conse- quence. The fright caused by one of theso was so groat that we were positively informed hy a nervous passenger that the omnibus in which he rode was oapsized. On mnking enquiry of another whose nerves were less sensi- tive we were glad to find that the accident was not so serious, but that the only damage done was the collision of one of the Kensington omnibuses against two other vehicles in Rundle-street between King William-street and the York Hotel; the splinter-bars of both the vehicles were broken, and that of tbo omnibus also. Other inconveniences wore caused on the same evening by carelessness in driving, but ive believe no one was much injured, except a lady who, putting her hoad out of tho window to see what was the matter, got her face rather bruised and scratched by tho vehicle with which the collision took place. ACCIDENT.-On Tuesday morning an accident unfortunately attended with serious results, occurred in Hindley-street. It appears that an old lady, named Brown, who has boen in the habit of retailing fruit from a basket under Bunn's Exchange, had been to market to furnish herself with a stock for Christmas- eve. Expecting, doubtless, a larger trade, she invested the sum of 30s., about all her capital, and finding her basket too heavy t) carry, an accommodating friend who happened to be going the same way offered her " a lift." Mrs. Browne acoepted the offer, and seating her- self in tho cart, the pair drove comfortably along until near their destination, when the beltyband suddenly broke, tho horse boltsd, and both the driver and the woman were thrown out, Mrs. Blown fell on her hoad, which was much put, and she was picked up insensible, and carried into Bunn's Exchange Hotel. She was subsequently conveyed to her home, where she Was pro- perly treated, and is now doing well. 