FIRST DISCOVERY OF VAN DEMON'S LAND. BY CAPTAIN MARRYAT, C. B. The vessel rose upon the mountain waves, with her bowsprit pointing up to the northern star, and then plunged down into the trough of the sea, as if she wore diving like the porpoises which played across her bows, shaking and trembling fore and aft as she chopped through the masses of water that impeded her wild course. Sea after sea struck her on the theatres of the beam, pouring over her decks and adding to the -accumulation of water in her hold. Her sides were without a vestige of paint-her shrouds and standing ' rigging worn to less than inch- rope ; her running rigging as mere threads the foresail, the only case set, as thin as gauze. Decay was visible in every part of her her timbers were Uko touchwood ; even her capstan had half rotted away and her masts might have proved, if once ashore, a safe asylum to colonies of l ants and woodpeckers. How then could a vessel in this forlorn condition, continue afloat or contend with so fierce a gale ? Because it was the spectre ship with her spectre crew ; Vander dockers, in the Flying Dutchman, still pontondt ing against the divine fiat, still persevering in his fatal oath-that he would double the Cape. Vanderdecken stood at the break of the weather gangway with his chief officer, Jansen, by his side. The crew were most of them sheltering themselves under the weather side of the deck ; their large, flat, pale muffin faces sunk down deep in their chests i shoulders, high and bony ; their nether garments like bladders half, shrunken, as if there was nothing in them. When they shifted from one part of the dock to the other, their braid, flat foot made no | sound as they passed along the planks, which j £1 were soft as pith ' Their dresses were- now of the colour of mahogany or chocolate ; seaweed was growing here and: there on their jackets and to the seats of their small- clothes a crop of barnacles had become firmly attached. They all looked melancholy and disheartened and as they shivered, the rattle of their bones was distinctly heard. Vanderdecken put his speaking trumpet to his lips, " Another pull of the weather fore brace," cried he. " Yaw, yaw," replied the spectre crew, put into motion by the order. The boatswain piped belay-the sound could hardly be distinguished, as from long use he had blown away much of the metal of which his pipe was composed. Jansen, the mate, looked up at the fore-yard, and then at Vanderdecken He appeared at first irresolute when he looked into the dogged countenance of Vanderdecken at last, he hitched up his nether garments, and spoke, It won't do, Captain Vandordecken,-and the men say it won't do do you not, my lads, all of youR' " Yaw," was the hollow, melancholy response of the seamen. " Dunder und blitzen what won't do P" replied the captain. "We must bear up, Captain Vanderdecken," replied Jansen ; " the ship leaks like an old sieve ; our hold is full of water ; the men are worn out ; every sail we have has been bent and split; nothing but the foresail left. It's no use, Captain Vanderdecken, we must bear up and refit." "You forget mine oath," replied Vander- decken, surlily. " Hold on Jansen, that sea is aboard of us. Jansen shook his three jackets and ten pair of small clothes, as soon as the drenching had passed over. "I tell you, Mynheer Vanderdecken, it won't do we must bear up." " Yaiv, yaw," responded the crew. " Mine oath 1" cried the captain again, has he held on by one of the belaying pins. Without sails, without provisions, and without fresh water on board, you cannot keep your oath which was to double the Cape. We must bear up, refit, and then try it again." " Mine oath-I have sworn-I cannot-I will not bear up ; Jansen, hold your tongue." " Well, you may keep your oath-for we will bear up for you against your will." " We will ! Who will Do you mutiny P" " Yaw, yaw ; we all mutiny," cried the sailors, " we have been now two years trying to double this stormy Cape, and never had a dry jacket the whole time ; we must mend our small- clothes, and darn our stockings. For two years and more we have had no fresh meat. and that is contrary to the articles. Captain Vander- decken, we do not mutiny ; but we will bear up ; with your will, if you please ; if not against your will." " So you mutiny, you ungrateful rascals ! Well, stop a moment, till I go into my cabin; when I come out again, I will hear what you have to say, and see if any man dares speak ;" and Captain Vanderdecken in a great fury rushed aft and went into his cabin. " I know what he will do my men," said Jansen ; " he has gone for his double- barrelled pistols, and will shoot us through the head ; we must not let him come out again." Near, mein," replied the seamen and they ran to the cabin doors, and made them fast, so that Vanderdecken could not get out, and could shoot nobody but himself. " Now my lads," said Jansen, " put the helm up, and square the yards." What is the course to be, Mynheer Jansen," asked the man at the helm. " Keep her right before it, my man ; how's her head now?" " About south-west." "That will do it will fetch somewhere she walks fast through it. Spielman, heave the log." " What does she go ?" Eighty-five miles an hour; but we must allow something for the heave of the sea," replied the second mate. " She don't sail as well as she did ; but we are half full of water," replied Jansen. When a ship runs down more than two degrees of longitude in an hour, it does not take her long to go half-round the world. The Fly- ing Dutchman, as she flow along, was pursued by the demons of the storm, visible to the crew on board, although not to mortal eyes ; some, with puffed-out cheeks, were urging her through the water ; others mouthed and yelled ; some kicked her stern in derision ; others tumbled and served in the air above her eyes keeping pace with the vessel, jibing and jeering at their victory for the Flying Dutchman no longer battled against the adverse elements, but at last had yielded to them. The Dutchmen cared little for the Imps, they were used to them, and they smoked their pipes in silence, all but Vanderdecken ; the mutiny of the men had put his pipe out. On the second day they had passed Cape Horn without perceiving it the wind veered more to the east, and they steered more to the northward. On the fourth evening, the sailor on the look-out at the bow called out " Land both !" They steered right for it and entered a large bay ; the anchor, in many parts not thicker than a pipe-stem, was dropped, the fore- sail clewed up, and having first armed themselves, the seamen let the captain loose, Vanderdecken was as savage as a bear. He ran out with a pistol in each hand, but a pea jacket was thrown over his head, and he was disarmed. " Cowardly villains !" exclaimed the captain, as soon as the jacket was removed ; " mutinous scoundrels-" " We return to our duty Captain Vander- decken," replied the crew, " we will obey your orders. What shall we do first P Shall we mend the sails, or mend our clothes P Shall we darn our stockings, or go on shore for fresh water P Shall we call the ship, or set up the rigging ? ! Speak, Captain Vanderdecken, you shall order us as you please." "Tousond whilst" replied Vanderdecken, " go to-, all of you." " Show us the way, captain, and we will follow you," replied the crew. Gradually the captain's wrath was appeased ; the ship required refitting and watering ; he never could have doubled the Cape in the state she was in the mutiny had prevented his breaking his oath and now the seamen were obedient. " Shall we take possession of the land, in the name of his most Christian Majesty ?" said Janson. " Take possession in the name of his Satanic Majesty," replied Vanderdookon,turning sulkily away. The captain had not quite recovered his good humour he returned to the cabin, mixed a tumbler of brandy and gunpowder. set fire to it, and drank it off-this Pisano cooled him down, and when he came out, the crew perceived that all was right, so they went aft and touched their hats. .' Liberty on shore for an hour or two if you please," said they " it's a long time that we've seen treading the planks." "Yes, you may go; but I'll ketches every man who is not off to his work at daylight recollect that," replied Vandorkeoken, Ponder and blitzen we will all be on board, captain. "They be a queer sort of people in this country," observed Janson, who had been surveying the shore of the bay with his telescope. " I can't make them out at all I see them put their heads down close to the ground, and then < they stand up again ; they wear the breeches very low, and yet they lump remarkably well Hundred caused by fels !" continued he, as he looked through the telescope again; "there's one of them six feet high, and he has jumped twenty yards. It can't be a woman if she is, what a springy partner she would make in a . dances" " We'll take the fiddle and schnapps on shore, and have a dance with the natives," cried the boatswain. " Mind you behave civilly and make friends with them," said Vanderdecken ; " don't be rude to the women." "Nein, Mynheer," replied the crew, who now low and the boats and were very soon put a ring for the shore every man with his pipe in his month. [ The spectre crow gained the beach quitted . the boat, and took up a position under a high. rook. The pipes were refilled the schnapps handed round, and very soon they were as jolly job ghosts could be. * > a. Como, Jansen give us a song," cried Spiel i many " and you flick Street keep company ' with your fiddle." " My windpipe is notouite'so fresh as it was once," said Jansen, putting his bony fingers up to his neck, " but here goes are " In spite of wind and weather, In spite of mountain! waves, If our' timbers hold together, And we sink not to our graves;. The Cape we still will double, boys. The stormy Cape west dear, "Who cares for toil or trouble, boys, Who thinks of watery bier? ' " We left our wives behind us, p ) Bright India's realms' to gain, Lot nothing then remind! us of them and home again ; ' Close lufFd with well-set sails, lads _ ,_ \\_ We still our course will steer, 7, And beaten back by adverse gales, lads, ' Cry « Thus, boys, and so near.' y_ A Who cares for mocking billows, Or demons of the deep P One half sleep on our pillows, While others deck watch keep; Who cares for lightning's flashing, boys Or noisy thunder's roar ? We laugh at wild spray dashing, boys, And clouds that torrent's pour. "The ocean is the seaman's slave, Though mutiny it may ; Our beast of burden is the wave As well by night as day; To round the Cape we'll reckon lads. For so our captain will d; Three cheers for Vanderdecken lads, His vow shall be fulfilled." "Paw-Paw," cried the crew, "we'll round the Cape yet. Drink, boys, drink three cheers for Vanderdecken ! We'll call the old ship ; we'll repair our old sail ; we'll mend our old clothes ; we'll turn our old stockings, and then to sea again. Hurrah hurrah !" \- Thus did they continue to drink and carcase until, if they had had any eyes left in their head, they never could have seen visually ; but ghosts see mentally, and in the midst of their mirth and jollity, they saw some tall objects coming down gradually, and peeping over the rocks, probably attracted by the fiddle of Dirk Spattrel. "The natives decried Jansen, "the natives now, my men, recollect the captain's orders don't be rude to the women." "Yaw-nein-yawl" replied the reeling spectres : " oh, Lord, but we'll get them down here and have a dance ; that's civility all over the world." " But I say," hiccupped Spielman, " what rum beggars these islanders be ! only look, they are coming down to us all of their own ac- cord !" This was true enough; a herd of kangaroos, attracted by the sound of the music, out of course not able to distinguish the spectre seamen, who, like all others of a similar nature, were invisible to mortal and to kangaroo eyes had come down fearlessly to the foot of the rock were the crew were arousing. The Dutchmen had never seen an animal so tall which stood erect like a man, and they were all very drunk ; it is not therefore surprising that they mistook the kangaroos for natives clothed in skins, and as the broadest part of their dress was down on the ground, of course they fancied they were the women belonging to the island. "Strike up, Dirk Spattrel," cried Jansen, taking hold of the paws of one of the kangaroos. " Wei sie waltz, Fraulein ?" The kangaroo started back, although it saw nothing, and of course said nothing. " Don't be shamming modest, Fraulein. Now then, strike up, Dirk ;" and Jansen passed his arm round the kangaroo, which appeared very much alarmed, but seeing nothing, did not hop away. The rest of the seamen seized the other kangaroos by the paws or round the body, and in a short time such a dance was seen as never took place before. Some of the kangaroos stood upon their thick tails and kicked at their invisible partners with their hind feet, so as to send their ghost ships many yards distant; others hopped and jumped in their fright many feet from the ground, taking their partners with them ; others struggled violently to disengage themselves from their unseen assailants. Shouts, laughter, and shrieks resounded from the drunken crew at this strange junketing at last, in their struggles to detain the animals, and the attempts of the frightened kangaroos to escape, the Dutchmen found themselves all mounted on the backs of the kangaroos, who, frightened out of their senses, bounded away in every direction. Thus did the ball break up. every kangaroo carrying off its partner in a different direction. Dirk Spattrel was the only one left, but there was a kangaroo also unemployed ; determined not to be left behind the fiddler jumped on its back, and clinging fast by his legs, commenced such a furious screeching upon his instrument that the animal bounded a bound of nearly forty yards every time. Dirk Spattrel played on like one possessed, until he had not only gained, but was far in advance of his brother riders. Away they all went over hill and dale, the fiddle still shrieking in advance, until the exhausted animals fell down panting, and the Dutchmen, tired with their own exertions. and overcome with liquor. dropped asleep where they fell, for ghosts do sloop as well as mortal men. The next morning there was no one on board at eight o'clock, and Vanderdecken was full of wrath. At lost Dirk Sprattrol, the fiddler, made his appearance with the remains of his instrument in his hand. " Donder und and where are the crew ?" cried Vanderdecken. " All gone off with the natives," replied the fiddler. " I thought as much, Feared Vanderdecken, and now I'll give you something for your good news." Vanderdecken seized the end of the fore, brace and commenced a furious attack upon the shoulders of Dirk Spattrel. The blows were given with great apparent force, but there was no sound, it was like buffeting a bag of wind ; notwithstanding Dirk worked round and round, twisting and wincing, and crying, "Ah, yes, oh !" " Take that scoundrel !" cried Vanderdecken, as much out of breath as a ghost could be, " They're coming off now, captain," said Dirk Spattrel, rubbing his shoulders. Jansen and the rest of the crew now made their appearance, looking very sheepish. " Where have you been, scoundrels ?" " Mynheer Vanderdecken," replied Jansen, " the island is peopled with ghosts and goblins, and demons and devils ; one of them seized upon each of us and carried us off the Lord knows where," " Fools do you believe in such nonsense as ghosts and spectres P" replied Vanderdecken, " or do you think me such an ass as to credit you ? Who ever saw a ghost or a spectre I Stuff, Jansen, stuff-you ought to be ashamed of yourself." , " It's all true, captain ; they came down and ran away with us. Is it not so, men ?" " Yaw yow," said the crew, "it's all true, Captain Vanderdecken ; they leaped with us as high as the moon." " Much higher," cried Dick Spattrel, " You're a parcel of lying drunken dogs roared Vanderdecken I stop all your leaves you shan't go on shore again." " We don't want," replied Jansen, " we will never go on shore at such a place full of devils -it is really Van Diemen's and we will have the fiddle on the forecastle." " Nein," replied Dick Spattrel, mournfully showing the fragments. " De tyred," exclaimed Jansen, " dat is the worst of all snow, man, we will work hard and get away from this horrid place." " Yaw, yaw," exclaimed the crew. They did work hard ; the sails were repaired, the ship wsB caulked, their clothes were mended their stockings were darned, and all was ready. The wind blew fiercely from off share, roar- ing through the woods, and breaking down heavy branches. Vanderdecken held his hand up-" I think there is light air coming off the land, Jansen Map the capstan." " Only a cat's paw ; it will not fill our sails, CaptainVanderdeoken,'" replied the mate. The gale increased until it was at the height of its fury. The lightning flashed, the thunder roared, and the rain came down in torrents. The wind howled in its rage. " I think we shall have a light pleasant breeze soon," said Vanderdecken. " Heave round my lads, a little more of it and we shall do. Hoist blue Peter and fire a gun." A colourless flag, thin as a cobweb, went to the masthead is the match was applied to thegun,whicHwmso honeycombed and worn out, that the smoke came out of it in every direction as if it had been a sieve. The anchor was hove up by the spectre crew ; the sails were set, and once more the phantom ship was under weigh, once more bounding through the waves to regain her position, and fulfil her everlasting doom. As he flew before the hurricane, the crew gathered together on the forecastle, broke out in the following chorus. Away, away ! once more away, \- To beat about by night and day ; With joy the Demons' land we leave. Again the mountain waves to cleave. With a Hassall's! Once more the stormy Cape we'll view, c v Again our fearless toil pursue; a Defy the spirits of the air, v Who scorning bid us to despair. With their Yaw-Yaw-Yaw ! Hallows ! 