The -gold export duty cannot be ignored, I It is a positive tangible grievance. And no amount of subterfuge — no trick or dodge, or ' counting out the House' — -will serve Ministers in slaving off the inevitable ne cessity of grappling immediately with the question of the repeal of that duty. On the contrary, every manoeuvre of the kind wilt only plunge them in greater difficulties than, could possibly arise from at once meeting the question boldly — for or against. The ' count ' out' that took place in the Assembly on. last Thursday week — the night preceding the recess — for instance, furnishes rather plain proof, not only of the folly and futility of such a proceeding, but also of its damaging effect upon Ministers and . their adherents. The move cannot be repeated, except at a fearful cost to its authors in the matter of their reputation with the mining constituencies. It would seal the fate ot those concerned in it at any future Par liamentary election. The ' count-out,' there fore, we are inclined to think, will not be repeated. But it has not disposed of the motion for ? the repeal of the obnoxious impost. This is still on the pa'-liamentary notice-paper, and will come again before the Assembly immediately. There it is, amongst the ' dropped orders facing full at Ministers like ' Banquo's ' ghost, ana they must meet it. But how has ' the count-out' operated in the minds of the public at the gold-fields ? Indigna tion meetings have been held iu more than, one mining locality. And at Inglewood public feeling, it appears from the local journals has run so high that the lately re elected member for the district, the new Minister for Public 'Works, Mr Grant, has been liung in effigy ; whilst placards ranged, around the figure bore tho names of the members who are supposed, in the interest of the Ministry, to have 'managed' the ' count-out,' and to whom are applied the rather uncomplimentary epithet of ' lobby ' sneaks.' Without attributing any great importance to this rather objectionable mode of condemning the conduct of public men, we point to it merely to show the Ministry the utter folly of meeting any of the diffi culties of their position by the tactics of evasion. The weakness which causes them, to adopt such a mode of conduct will not only make them fail of success in their eva sive purpose on all occasions, but it will bring down on them, individually and as a. body, the contempt as well as hostility which, culpable feebleness always excites, and wilL make them more unpopular than they might deserve to be. Thus the Inglewood paper tells us that Mr Grant at his election the other day ' reprobated the continuance' of the gold, export duty as ' an unjust impost ' on the miner. And the hon. member in conse quence won great popularity with the con stituency. His supposed participation irt shelving the question by means of ' the ' ' count- out ' has however given an air o£ deception to his conduct in the eyes of the: electors, and hence the ' hanging iu effigy' was had recourse to in order to mark em phatically what is regarded^is the traitorous conduct of the new Minister. Now, we have no hesitation in saying that this is a. harsh judgment to pass upon a gentleman who is certainly one of the best members of the present Ministry. But the whole affair only shows the short-sighted folly of such, feeble attempts to shuffle out of the respon sibilities connected with an important public question, such as the abolition of the gold export duty is. Baldness is the parent of all true greatness and succcss. But the present Ministry, instead of culti vating this virtue, seems actually to study how it will most conspicuously exhibit its feebleness and vacillation. It. takes up, as if from choice, a craven attitude ; and, as it were, cowers with the sense of its own utter inability to master the problems of govern ment, whether legislative or Administrative^ which come in ordinary course before it. This is the figure it presents at this moment to the eyes of the country. But they might even yet recover good position in the esti mation of the public, if they would manfully grapple with the questions of the hour Their policy hitherto has been postpone ment, perpetual procrastination. They are ever putting off the moment of action. Look, for instance ? at the immigra L1UJ1 UUUdUUli. wtiu 1UU1 i-nvy n uuo *** office paltering with that topic before they coul'l make up their minds to submit their pro-posals to Parliament. fhen, there is tlv air other great card, that of ' decentraliza ' tion,' which was to have been played off at the earliest moment in the form of the District Councils Bill. Without that mea sure it will be impossible to remit the ex penditure and management pertaining to roads, bridges, and public works throughout the country to the local self-government o£ . the community. But it has not, as yet — now in the fifth month of the Ministry's, existence — been permitted to see the light ; and if it is much longer put off it will not be passed in time to influence the revenue and expenditure of next year. Ministers will probably be precipitated out of office before it has become law. They 6eem as it thev were afraid to touch the question. Then, as to their promises of reformed legis lation and improved administration for th®. gold-fields, tliey appear to have given up all idea of carrying them out ; whilst ' T»b ' kens ' and good titles to real property are ' hung up in lavender' until ' the Greek ' Kalends' which arc to witness their Attor ney- General seated in the Legislative Assem bly. In everything, in fact, which comes mnder their own voluntary action, their ' course is to do nothing. And as if the do-nothing habit caused them to blunder in spite of themselves, when ever compelled to act, they . invariably take a false step when they arc urged for ward by circumstances, or by the conduct oi omez's. j.jius, in mis anair oi me goia export duty, the motion for abolition which was pressed forward by the lion, member for Maryborough, compelled them, whether they would or no, to take some one course of proceeding. And the course which tliey took, was their old plan of trying to ' put ' off' the question to another time. Like condemned criminals in the hanging days of George the Third, they can only call out for ' a long day, my Lord.' And even in thus trying to postpone the settlement of this question, they have, as wc have seen, managed by tlieir pitiable timidity to cam the character of deceitfulness for themselves. Even if it should cost them their places in the Government, let them give even a little positive proof of some genuine principle and definitive purpose and policy animating their official existence. Let them show that they entered office for something else besides the pay ; but let them not go grovelling on in the mire of inaction, else they will as Buredly bring quickly about, amidst general disgust and contempt, that very political extinction and loss of place, the fear of which seems literally to paralyse tliem When the question of the abolition of the gold export duty comcs before the Assembly again, let them, in the name of all that is manly, meet it openly, either with their support or their opposition, but don't let us have any more of the ' lobby-sneak' evasiveness. 