THE CHURCH, ? r\ ? VISIT OF ARCHBISHOP POLDING. (Gfoulhurne Chronic'e June 26th.) ? Archbishop Polding set out on his return for Sydney on, Monday last. The arrangements for Catholic ministrations in the Southern District having been definitively fixed, we heed do no more than state them. Fathers Hanley and O'Neill have been appointed to the Yass Mission, Father D'Afcy to Queanbeyan, and Fathers Mc'A'lroy and Lanigan to Goulburn. His Grace attended Mass at the Church of SS. Peter and Paul on Sunday, and the main object of hist recent visit to the District is best explained by the folio win s Pastoral Letter, which he read from the altar at the conclusion of Divine Service, and which he enforced by introductory remarks extending over a considerable time, and delivered with an energy which, at the venerable Prelate's advanced age, was no Ie83 surprising than satisfactory. He entreated tho prayers of his flock in these districts in his behalf on that day, that the Almighty would continue so to guide him as to enable him to bo useful in the discharge of the trust committed to him, and that he may avoid the many short comings to which frail man is ever liable, so that when the time came in which' 'he should be called on to render to the Lord *n; aocount of his stewardship, he might not be cast out as an unprofitable servant. He next called attentioa to the necessity of compliance with' the duties which the church enjoins at Easter, and reminded those assembled that the time had this year been extended to the 29th June; so that those who had not yet complied had still an opportunity , left them during the present week. He appealed to his reverend brethren around ! him, whether their experience did not bear out the statement he then made, that in five-sixths of the cases of sudden, violent, and unprovided, deaths amongst Catholics, the unhappy victims were parties who were not living up to the rules of their holy religion, and thus when death came upon them . they went before their God without the com forting attendance of the priest, and the conso lation of the rites of their faith. ' The Pastoral letter of John Bede, by Divine Grace, and favour of the Holy Apostolic See, Archbishop of Sydney, Metropolitan of Aus tralia, &sg.;, &c;, to the faithful of Goulburn, and the Southern Districts generally, eon ? cerning the erection of a Convent for thb Sisters of Mercy. . ' - Dearly Beloved, — The Very Kev. Dean Walsh, your highly esteemed priest, engaged that a Convent should be built for the Sisters of Mercy, whose advent amongst you had been so long desired. I doubt not that if it had pleased Almishtv God to continue to .him the blessinff of health, his promise ere this would have been far advanced towards its completion. This, as you are aware, has not been the cast ; the Iabor3 and anxieties of the ministry have broken down his strength, and he has for a time left this scene of his missionary toil, to return, as we all hope, soon to the country and the duties that claim the devotion of his life. May God's holy will be done in all things. Meanwhile, do you. Dearly Beloved, take up your parts nobly, as it becomes men of the right Catholic faith, and the friends and spiritual children of the good man and zealous priest in whose heart you have so long dwelt. The promise was, of course, made in your name, as it was for the interests, undoubtedly the highest interests of yourselves and your children. The Dean made it promptly and boldly in your name ; he pledged himself that you should undertake and complete a generous work in a generous manner. He knew you from experience of your faith and good works, and I, too, from his report, and from my own knowledge, knew you to be of a generous stock, and I assented joyfully to the proposed iuvitation that these Sisters should come and dwell amongst you, and I added to Dean Walsh's assurance, my own conviction that they would be well and worthily received. Now I am come amongst you chiefly to claim the fulfilment of the promises made by you and for you ; to wit ness the beginning of the harvest of your good intentions in the progress made towards the good work. In anticipation and cUsire of the blessing which is now in your midst, you felt and promised rightly and generously, and now; is the time for embodying your intentions ia perfect act. Recall what was in your hearts when you first contemplated and longed for the coming ot these dear Sisters ot noble lire and faith, and make now your deed the adequate representative of your then feelings and judg ment. Let their convent rise ; let it rise as speedily as may be consistent with solid lasting work ; so that all men may see how the Catholics of Goulburn, of this teeming Southern district, have the manhood of perseverance to carry out well and thoroughly what they had generally desired and promised. Not only motives of Christian faith, but all kindly feelings of the human nature, call on you to make provision for these ladies. They have come from your old home — from the couutry of 1 your early love — to this land of your adoption ; they have left their hearths and homes amongst those you yourselves have known and cherished ; they have left friends, and relatives, and worldly resources arid are here to spend, not their means only, but their , labour their life, their hearts and hopes, among you. And you, I am sure, you will welcome them. Yes, you .will welcome them far otherwise than with words alone ; you will welcome them with silent, steady, lasting, generous deed9. Not every day does a work for Christian men such as this present itself. Once for all, you must do it. You must show to your children and your children's children what you think of th» life and vocation of religious women who follow Christ whithersoever He goes ; and you must show them how you designed to realize some thing of your thought by this Convent which ?you are preparing for their abode. And you have already experienced some of the blessings of the presence of Sistera of Mercy. In this . roapect the delay that has ; taken place in the contemplation of the Convent may not, be without; its advantages. You have proved, or rather they have proved amongst you, that the enterprise of Catholic . faith and devotion has not the uncertainty and disappointment of worldly speculations. So ? ? many days of lives of purity, and toil, and humility, devoted to. the duties of charity , .' belonging to their state, are so many substan tial advantages to the community that welcomes ?and cherishes them. You are rendering hospi tality to those who are called to the life and work of angels upon earth. Bethink you well how that such guests are a treasure and a defence. They train your children ; they lead the sick, and the friendless, and the perplexed, and the weak, heavenward by their sweet and holy counsels. They visit your . prisons and your hospitals, and show how all forms of suffering and wretchedness may be alle viated and tranformed into blessings by the peace of God. You will receive then these Sisters permanently to abide with you ; ' and you will build them a worthy home for ; their own sake, for their work's sake, for their Heavenly Master's sake. He will not allow a cup of cold water to be. given to His disciples, in the name of His disciples, without its rich reward. A hundred-fold then and more, both in this world and the world to come, wiirHe repay into your bosoms whatever you may do to ; recognise, and welcome, and honour, and console 'these His choice servants. They are truly not only His disciples, as all good Christians are, ?but they are His choice friends and followers ; ' they are as the holy women that hung upon his ? lips, and pursued his weary steps with their ; sympathy and loving service in sacred Palestine. ' They are: living, His life, working his works, , . and the dullest faith may realize in. such repre-, ,'.: sentatives the brightness and beauty of His ?:- presence. .r I need, say no more; you will think. I am sure, of what I have barely suggested, and per .', haps transcend my hopes of you and for you. , Only I will add one hint by way of ensuring steady perseverance. It is this — determine now, while your heart is warm, with what you know to be a good and holy impulse, what ; you will contribute, what you will sacrifice, if '?'? - ;?'???'? ?- sacrifice it must be called, to this good work of '' ? building the Convent for the sisters, your i . ? ,:; friends, your guests, your servants in the love and cause of Christ. And deterwine what you ..: .? will do not only now, but to-morrow and to morrow, and the day after, and month by month, until the work be complete, and crowned , ,.' ' 'with all the abundance and richness of your zeal. Let each think and act as if all depended ; :, on1 himself. Do not wait to be solicited, but -Jome and bring your gifts until there shall ba no more need, and the sisters say, 'truly we have come to dwell amongst a people who know ' and love their God.' May the Holy Spirit of ; . .;,' God dwell with you, and prosper the works of your hands; and may the blessing of the Most . . Holy Trinity, Father, Son, aud Holy Ghost be [ with you for ever. . ; 'We appoint the Rev. M. M'Alroy, in whose experience we have full confidence to superin tend the completing of the Convent, to collect ? , . personally or by other other contributions, in the Southern Districts for this most praiseworthy purpose. ?: JOHN BEDE, ' Archbishop of Sydney. ??-:;'? . Goulbnrn, June 22, 1861. 