OF,;, PARLIAMENT: Putting out 'of mind tho comparatively me- chanical processes by which Parliament opened on Friday last-when little more transpired than an automatical compliance with ^certain set forms perfectly familiar only to the experience of that friend to new members of Parliament, Mr. Erskine May-the members of our new Assembly and yet j outliful Council first appeared to the public in their full glories yesterday. The pro- ceedings commenced at noon, and no " Queen's weather" could havo surpassed ihe cloudless bluo of the sky, or tho brilliancy of its sun, whose heat was kindly tempered by cool breezes from the Bcaward. To twelve o'clock yesterday the Houso had adjourned, bud 'almost every member knew that the first business to bo transacted was purely formal, so that but few of the Élite of their constituencies wero thon ¡present. "At the hour exactly, the Speaker, plainly attired in his usual robes of office, took his seat, and invited tho members to be present at his presentation to His Bxcollency tho Governor. A general moving-off followed, and in a minute or two the Speaker's open carriage and several exterapo , rised cars brought ail to, the Government House. Bet little had to bo done here. His Excellency entered the rooïa, and -exchanged bows with Ma visitors. The Speaker theo, in a breath, «aid that he brui been appointed Speaker not- withstanding bis unworthincss to fill that high place, and' His Excellency briefly congratu- lated him /thereupon,' taking tho ,liberty to express an implied dissentto -the sslf-deprcciatton ef his own nerita on the part of the hon. mem- ber for the "Murray Borougiss. , A few moments of raptd'dàving reconvened,the party to the Par- liament 'K-ouse, and, upon tho motion of Mr. Humffray-the only member prosont beside the Speaker-further proceedings were adjourned till a qnartor to two o'clock. AB the minutes _ew»r?ter half-past one o'olock the vttstorn'façatU' Oí 'Parliament Houses assumed an animated appearance. Hero was gathered togothtrr a crowd of «persons, which .gradually iacro'aeed, but it -cMBbred in no respect from an -aidinary street assemblage, save in the 'facet t<hat the igayer colours of 'the female 'dress ' mingled -with the duller >rmd darker gaursonts of the 'not particularly Well-dressed inon and boya -who formed the sides of a ¡ lane reacliingifrom*tho gates of fforliarnent-yard to the portals of the sacred edifico itself. A do taohment of the tlOth Regiment, under Captain .F.*C. ll.ß. Baddeley, formed a guard of honour, i and drew 'up '-in soldierly array inside the lono last described. Carriages wero conti '.nually arriving, f filled with gaily-attired ladies, "whose possession of the tshsmanio tickets ?which admitted them to tho interior only > enabled the crowd to admire tfor a moment, .«hilo ever-and anon its attontion was diverted to ' the more attractive gold and silver of the foreign .consuls. r 'The-interior of the two houses ex 'bibitod widely-different speotacles. The Legis- lative Assembly presented a stiraggling appear- ance indeed. There woro two great groups on . each side of the House-the one composed nearly -entirely of Ministers, and the youthful proposer . of tho reply to tho address, whilo the other in \- eluded many of tho more ambitious spirits of the «Opposition. <Other members eat solitary, orín -duots, on the different benches. Mr. Nicholson -Eat, stolid anlMndifferent, reading a Parliamentary paper ; while 'the Chiof Secretary Btood, Uko the .famous Miss J&lmansegg;'s papa, Washing: bl» hands with Invisible soap And imperceptible witor, chatting the while with Mr. Davies, of North Melbourne. Mr. Berry consorted with Mr. Biohsrdson, of 'Goolong. Mr. Weekes studied Magr'a Parliamentary Practice in a corner ; while Mr- Chapman, the poculiar choice of Castle- maine, busied himself at tho table with a volumo of Parliamentary Proceedings, The mise en seine of the moro splendid hall of the Legislative Council was far livelier and more striking. Never' were so many ladies seen at ono timo in this building, nor could spring fashions ever have been studied to such advantage. Tho inner oircle woo, of course, composed of the members, who, costumed in sober black, set off tho ladies who crowded behind them to bright advantage. In every gallery, in the curious looking boxes between the fluted pillara which supportod the .roof, standing on the platform temporarily erected in the corridor, and in the upper galleries, were more ladies, all gaily attired, and the broad masses of colour shone radiantly when lit up by the sunlight that straggled through the dead-whitened glass of the fretted roof. Beyond these every avail- able niche of space was filled with malo spec- tators. In the seat of honour sat the lion. M. Heney, Acting-President, whose black robe looked dingy beside the burning scarlet and white ermine of the judges ranged on each side. The consuls, too, were effectively grouped near the chair reserved for His Exeollenoy, their gold and silver laco-somewhat unequally distributed it must bo admitted-compensating for tho com- parative! lack of military uniforms. Thus arranged, the_arrival of the Governor was gravely waited for.' The crowd outside were getting somewhat un- reasonably impatient as the appointed hour of two arrived. The guns had been heard booming iii the distance somo time, when at last the vice- regal equipage drove into the yard. There was no band to play " God save the Queen," so the cheering had to answer the sume purpose, and the process of debarkation was over in a minute. His Excellency proceedod at once to the Legislative Chamber, where his approach had been duly notified by the Usher of the Black Rod. It is a misfortune that, on occasions hke this, so awk- ward are the arrangements that the Governor has always to get to his seat by an uncomfort- ably sidling movement, the gracefulness of which is not heightened by the necessity of bowing to tho ' House all the time. His Excel- lency got to his seat in no better fashion yesterday, than usual. Having reached it, ho requested the members of the Council to bo seated, and despatched a message to the Assembly, requesting their attendance. The turn out of the ladies, who would fill up the gangway, was not pleasant to thom, but it had to ho done ; and in half-a-dozen moments tho Speaker, in lus robes of state, and preceded by the Sergeant at-arms, with the mace, entered, bowed, and sat down in the seat reserved for him at the bar, the M L.A.'s behind him, tumbling into the spaco allotted to thom as best they could. The vice-regal speech prooeeded, and a single skirt might ¡have been heard to rustle, BO dead wai the silence. Nor look nor gesture ac- companied that important statement, till the almost poetical allusion to the probable success of the occupationand cultivationliconces, which occa- sioned many significant glances, At the allusion to the proposed reform in the Upper House theso demonstrations were the moro marked. Many an M.I/.O. at first directed his eyes full at His Excellency. Smiles went round ; the Hon. J". P. Fawkner formed his lips into tho shape of an 0, and a few whispers wero scon, rather than heard, to pass. There was scarce time to notice thiB before the speech ended. Printed oopies of it were thenband«d round ; and, after the usual bow- ing, the speaker, the ladies, and tho members went their sovcral ways, and were Been no more. His Excellency proceeded at once to his carriage, and, amid louder cheering than that which greeted his advent, at ,once drove ,olT, followed at greater leisure by the soldiers and tho crowd. Immediately after the reading of the vice-regal speech, there was an "assemblage in their chamber of maray of the members of the Lower House, They were mostly those now"to a.Parhßi^entary » ,/¡ i career,,'who were apparently unbaro that, the >, , I House would not reasseinblo till after four o'clock. , ( 7 I Graduallyithia^ piece of. information became dis seminotedj and the houBB, became clear, only, tb,, A I bo again (filled'as tho appointed hour for the transaction of business approached. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. . TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 3. ' The ACTlKa-PR_srDENT took the chair at ton minutes to two o'clock, and read {ho usual 'form of prayen ' At this time the building presented a vory gay appearance. There was not onlj a full atten- ^ dance of bon. members, but there jns ' also a "" great gathering of the public-(he Indies pre- ponderating-who wero present to hoar the de- livery of tho vice-regal speech, setting forth the reasons for the calling of Parliament to- gether. The body of the house, the galleries/ and the corridors, wero filled with visitors, and * those who arrived late had to be content wi'h the ' ' imperfect accommodation which could bcfoundfor them below the bar. Lady Barkly, Mis.Pratt, the Bishop of Melbourno and Mrs. Perry, with a party of'friends, occupied soatB to the nehto£ the President's chair. Three of the judges (Chief Justice Sir W. P. Stawell, -Sii Redmond Barry, arid Mr. Justice Williams) wero present, ia their scarlet rohis and'large wigs. The Prussian, ' American, Hamburg, Swiss, Russian, and Preñen " consuls attended, in uniform. . . "¡¡ho number of members of the Legislativa Council present wns twenty-seven. TJ.o ab'icntces i were Sir P. Palmer, Mr. 'Neil Ulaek, and Mr. Coppin., Punctually at two o'clock His E^ cellenoy the Governor entered the house, being accompanied by Major General Pratt, the Commander of the, , Forces, and attended by Colonel Carey, Colonel ,, Pitt, Captain Bancroft, Captain Timini, Cap- tain Suratchley, RE., Lieutenant Forstor,'Dr. Mowatt,and Deputy-Commissary General Mylrea The Governor wore his uniform, and the collar of the Bath. His ExCEliLlîNOY being seated, desired that a message should be oonveyed to the Legislative Assembly, requesting the attendance of that body. Tho message was conveyed accoidiugly hythe Usher (Colonel Farquharson), and at four minutes past two o'olock tho Speakei, the Chief Secretary, and the other mombers of tho Legisla- > tive Assembly, appeared at the bar. ' The GOVERNOR then read the following speech:- i ( "Mr. President and Honourable Gentlemen of the Legislative Council, "Mr. Speaker and Gentlemen of the Logis« - lative Assembly,- > T "In order to prevent the embarrassment that might have resulted to the financial emjaircments - of tho country had, the provisions of the third clause in the Appropriation Act not bien com- plied with, Parlament has beenjCilled together - i| earlier than is usuaf after a general election. " The period, that has elapsed since the disso- ' lution of the late Assembly having necessarily been occupied by the business incident to the < elections, the leisure ordinarily affmded to Mink- . tors for maturing thoir measures has not been af> - tho disposal of my advisers. They aro, DOO erthe less, prepared with several important bills, which, - will be laid before j ou. , " Gontlemen of tho Legislative Assfmbly, " The prematuro ro-as8embIing of Parliament, occasioned by tho third section of tho Appro- priation ' Act, has rendored the preparation of tho Estimates for the ensuing year, be foro the naeotiag of Parliament, impossible. - Moreover, as it is the intention of my ndviser0 immediately to introduco measures which, if passed, will largely affect the consti notion toff tho Estimates, their preparation will ^ necessarily bo delayed until theso measures shall have re- ceived the consideration of Parliament, when a short acljournmentj^ill be necessary. "Honourable Gentlemon of tho Legislative rv.,,-n;i_ i " Gentlemen of the Legislative'Asiembly, " It is with satisfaction that I am enabled to inform you that the demand for occupation and cultivation licences on the gold-fields, gianted hy the Board of Land and Works under the authority of the Crown Lands Sales Aot, in the opinion of my advisers, is so great as amply to vindicato the necessity and expediency of then issue. Tho introduction ,of these licences has proved m0s6 beneficial; and such is the general sitiffaction evinced by miners and others desirous of pro- viding homes for themselves and their fa- milies, but who havo! been hitherto prac- tically denied the opportunity of, substan- tial settlement, that it has been deemed expedient to extend the advantages' of the system to persons'who'may bo desirous of en- gaging in. agricultural pursuits, under regula- tions framed to prevent speculation and undue competition, and to promote the occupation1 off the lands by those who will actually cultivate nnrl ronirln nn t.hpm ' ' " I trust that this,-the most liberal land system in the Australian colonies,-will not only be duly appreciated and extensively resorted to by ourown population, and that the exodus of those unsettled portionsofthopeople who, baviugnofixed attachment to the country, are led away by overy rumour of a newly-discovered gold-field yvill be oltecked, but that i(¡ will ho' a por.crful induce- ment to intending emigrants. to_ make this fa- voured land their home,-who might otherwise havo directed their course elsewhere. It is not too much to hopo; that the prosperity, of the country, retarded by the want of facilities foi settling on the soil,1 will?rapidly- advance undei tho oporation of the new system. "Amongst the bills'which will claim your earliest attention is one for the establishment of county councils, ,and the division and nomen- clature of the unnamed portion of the territory. This important mensuro provides for the exten- sion of local government, conferring on county councils functions hitherto' exercised partly ¡by road boards and partíy by the general Govern- ment, giving, ia addition to other powors,'autho- rity to impose taxation for local improvements, and subsidizing the' incomes of the local council] trr.Tr, th_ -_r>_-nl -"¡."""o "The re-organization of the Civil Service forms the subject of a bill' to he submitted, providing amongst other things'for the'appointment, classi- fication, promotion, ; and superannuation of offi- cers employed in the Civil Service of the Govern- ment, 'and for,the establishment of an insurance and guarantee fund.,, no ' ' " Several measures for the benefit of tho muting interest, which are much needed, will be speedily introduced; these will,comprise bills for the better administration of justice, for the manage- ment of the gold-fields, for authorising and regulating mining on private property; lo seoure compensation to the fatmhes of persons killed by mining accidents, and for the amendment and | consolidation of tbo laws relating to mining part-' norships. These bills w.U rectify some'of the' defects of our present mining codo/niid tend to the further development of minios: industry. "The amendment,pf the law-affecting trie transfer of real property has hod the consideration, of my advisers,"and a measure anàlogqus to that of Mr. Torrens is in the course of preparation ; be- fore, however, introducing it to Parliament it has been deemed expedient to await ' tho report of the commission appointed'to inquire'into the opera- tion of the not in South Australia. "Tho establishment of local insolvency courts j it is believed, will provd beneficial to the hading classes in the country districts, and a bill will be introduced for that purpose. "A Bill for the Abolition of State-aid to Reli- gion will be also'laid before you, and a measure to consolidate the administration of the systems of public instruction -under one board will be submitted, its 'object being to diminish the cost of tuition, and to secure to the rising generation the advantages of a sound secular education, Two J important moasures calculated' to relieve and encourage domestic interests, will be submitted far your considération ; one providing for a reduction .of the'export duty on gold, the '<\- h ,,. 'v - - other for focüitáting the establishment of dis- tilleries and lessening the duty on spirits dis- tilled in Victoria! " The inadequacy of our national income, from existing sources, and the imperfect develop- ment of industries for whioh natural facilities exist in this oountry, have led to a general con- viction, that it is expedient that the tariff should bo reconsidered by Parliament, with the twofold object of raising a sufficient revenue, and, by a judicious re-arrangement of our imposts, of affording to our industrial interests the incidental Advantages derivable from duties imposed on such articles as compete with our own produotsi rather than on thoBO which do not. It is there- fore contemplated by my Ministers, after the Estimates of Expenditure hare been framed, to ?submit propositions to Parliament for realizinir these objects. " The removal of the impediments that have hitherto existed to settlement on tho publia lands, and the encouragcmont to our industrial interests which the measures proposed by my advisers will afford, will, it is hoped, by inspiring confidence in the future of the colony, revive immigration and restore prosperity. It will, however, be desirable, in addition to-these inducements, to continue to support the system of assisted immigration al- ready sanctioned by Parliament. , " I am happy to inform you that the action taken by my advisers shortly after accepting e ffice has induced the Imperial authorities to ex- tend the postal money-order system to this colony, and that the whole of the arrangements for bringing it into practical operation will be completed by the close of the present year. This concession will prove a great convenience to persons remitting small sums to their friends ia the United Kingdom. "The experience already gained of the working of the Constitution has, from time to time, de- veloped defects which could not have been anti- cipated by its framers. Some of these the wUdom of Parliament has already removed. It has, however, long been apparent that there his been a want of harmony in the working of the two branches of the Legislature, and it is con- sidered by my advisers tbat reforms which have been made in the constitution of the AssemMj must remain comparatively ineffectual unless corresponding improvements be made in the Council. A bill to amend the constitution of the Council will be therefore introduced. " The impossibility of otherwise seouring th: Adequate representation of the country in Parua ment, renders it expedient that members should bl compensated^or their services during their attend ance on their, legislative duties. The result of th1 election prof es that, whilst a majority has beet returned favourable to tho principle, considerabli difference of opinion exists as to the mode of apply ing it. The principle being conceded, the mia ner of carrying it into effect is a question whiol Parliament alono can determine, and it will b the duty of troy advisers to take the sense o tho representatives of the people on this subjea when the proper time arrives, " Notwithstanding the advantages whioh muni cipal institutions have conferred on the country experience has shown that it would be deairabl to amend and consolidate the laws relating t them : bills vwth that object will be introduoei as soon as the busiuess of Parliament will admit "The subjects to whioh I have called you attention will, I am satisfied, receive your moa earnest consideration. I pray God to prospa jour deliberations, and direct your decisions." A copy of the.speech having been handed t the Speakor^by Captain Timms, the Govei jior's private secretary, His Excellency bowed t the members of both Houses and retired, wit Mnioi General Pratt and the staff, leaving th House at a quartor past two o'clock. The members of the Legislative Assembly ri turned to theif chamber. The House, on the motion of Dr. WICKII then adjourned during pleasure, reassembling i a quarter past four o'clock. WEIGHTS AKD MBASTTRES. On the motion of Dr. Wr_KX_, standing ord 24 u as suspended, and leave was given to bring ; a bill concerning weights and measures. Tho bill was read a first time, and ordered : be printed, the second reading being appoint« for Tuesday, the 17th inst. .JUE GOV-RNÖR'S SPEECH.-THE ADDRESS ] : BEPIiY. The ACTING-PRESIDENT then read ti sptcch which IliB Excellenoy the Governor hi delivered before the Houses of Legislature. Tho reading of the address elicited exclam lions of " Heir," ",Oh," and "No," from M Fawkner, according to the subjects treated o: mid the statements as to the present land syste . beim?, the most liberal in the Australian colonie xiid as to tho intention of the Ministry to tal the sense of the representatives of the people < tbo question of- payment of members, were r ccived with loud laughter. Dr. WILKIE moved the appointment of delect committco to prepare an address to B Excellency the Governor, in reply to the speei delivered to Parliament. The motion was seconded by Mr. COLE, at agreed to without opposition. Dr. WILKIE moved that the following genti men do form the committee: - Messrs, Co Rolfe, Fawkner, Hull, Coppin, and Drs, Ho and Wilkie, Mr. FAWKNER objected to serve, on t (¡round that he w.is over sixty years Of a; (Laughter.) Mr. HULL said he should object to serve, J a similar reason, unless_ somo legal gentleo. w ci c named on the committee. ,. Mr. FELLOWS observed that, although « otdinary practice was to refer the Governc ¿peech to a committee, without anything ia t rhape of instructions-a practice which v warranted, inasmuch as the necessity for maid any alteration in the address rarely arose-; there were in the speech delivered that el xoatters which required a departure, to a cert1 extent, from the practice which had hitho prevailed. Ho therefore should propose, as »mendment to the resolution, that the commit he appointed by ballot ; and he would call tintion to Beverar paragraphs in the speo with a view to show that there was so foundation for the proceeding whioh he i low taking. The Governor stated that OJOS with satisfaction that he was enabled to form the Legislature that the demand for oo jiation and cultivation licences on the gold-fee was, in the opinion of his advisers, so great r.mp!y to vindicate the necessity and expediei of their issue. Now, be ( Mr. Fellows) did : wish to enter upon, the queBtion as to whet the mode at'opted of placing persons on the li oías or was not expedient as a matter of pi tiple and policy ; but what be objected to * that the Governor should insist, by the adviot lis Ministers, on the existence of a principle operation which this House had already, on i if not on moro occasions, condemned as ano \- » litutional. It appeared to him that His Es lency's advisers must have intended deliberal to offer an insult to this branch of the Legislate )>y determining to "proceed .unconstitutiona and then offer congratulations on the success their operations. In the same paragraph lound it stated that, in consequence of the gem tatisfaction evinced., by miners and others rirous of providing homes for themselves and ti families, out whoTiaa" hitherto been unable te io, it had been deomed expedient to extend advantages of the system of occupation boen to persons who desired, to engage in agricoltt pursuits. This only fepeated, in other words, i ame principle which had already been objet lo as illegal, or, if not illegal, as one Hitutioroai. (Hear, hear.) Then there was ) aragraph whioh stated that " two import measures, calculated* to relieve and enooui domestic interests," would be submitted for t consideration-one providing for a reduction of export duty on gold, the other for facilitating: ( ¡tuition and lessening the duty on spirits disti in Victoria. To the -latter he had no objeo to offer ; but he was opposed to the giving a of the public property, in the Bhape of gold, lhose who chose to dig, without any return w ever <o thos* ate. This was a proceeding not eta lated to relieve and encourage domeatio inte« particularly at a time when, as another p graph in the Governor's Bpeech declared, resources of tho country were insufficient to rj 1 he requirements of the country. The repos »he gold export duty, however, was'proposod top to those engaged In mining pursuits, might otherwise object to the contemplated j cious rearrangement ofo imposts, with a viei »nord to the ¡ndustrialrintcreBts "theincide «¿vantages derivable from duties imposed on f articles as compote with our own products." cold-miners were asked to submit lo the tal .of any amount out of their pockets for that jret, and the,repeal-pf the gold export < Miould follow as a set-off. This was ßi " the incidental advantage" derivable I the imposition of a ditty. What a cor expression 1 It was a new phrase.a]together for -i yroteotiön.' Discuss the' matter how they would, the attempt was no other than one to introducá protection. But the fallaoy of the thing was at once .apparent. If by the imposition of du ti 3 J cn certain articles those articles were kept out of the country, there was no increase of revenue ai »11. Then, again, if goods carno in despite tie lix, there was no prelection. - So that he ooa aidercd the whole affair a mere piece of clap-trap, thrown out to create a clamour, by means of ^hich the repeal of the gold export duty might be obtained. (Hear, hear.) Then they wore told in thoGovernor's speech that there was a waut of harmony between the two Houses of Parliament. Now, this was not only absurd-it was an unwar- rantable assumption. Ho did not suppose, in any Lrgialature consisting of two Chambers, that «very bill which passed one Chamber passed to.3 other in the state in which it waa presented. If it wero held because bills which emanated fron one branch of the Legislature did not pass tua ether branch, that therefore the Houses of Par- liament were not in harmony, he would ask what object was there in having two branches of the Legislature at all ? Two Chambers were criated, not simply that the one should agrea to whatever tho other might please to pass, but that the one should consider what the other sanctioned. If a measure could not find favour with both branches of the Legislature it deserved to fall; but to.say that in conse- quence of this there was a want of harmony be- tween tho two branches was, as he had already »serted, an unwarrantable assumption. And if ; bo ovil did oxist, was the remedy proposed in the Governor's speech at all likely to bring about a moro harmonious and united action? Th) j mendment, forsooth, vt as to alter the constitu- tion of the Council. If there was any want of 1 srmony in the action of the two Housai it had been produecd, ho considered, by a i co premature departure from tho Constitution ; and if they really wanted united action, the best -way to securo it would bo by repealing many of those objectionable laws, which had boen tua means ot causing this want of united action. (Laughter and cheers.) Then, as to payment of members, they were told that the result of the late «.lections proved that, whilst a majority hod been i {turned favourable to the principle, considerable difference of opinion.existed as to the modo of applying it. The speech assumed what, as far as he could seo, there was no ground to justify that there was a majority' in the other Houio in favour of this principle, or want of principle, as he would rather term it. But hov tías that to bo ascertained? The Legislative Assembly had not yet had any opportunity of jionouncing judicially on the question. The statement in the speech, assuming that ¡the prin- ciple w as adopted, and that the question had íesolvcd itself into one of detiii, was, therefore, Lothing more than mere conjecture. (Hoar, hear.) The speech was ominously silent as to the mode of carrying out the principle. It statad that the question was ono which Parliament aloes could determine. But although the Governmeit Lad announced with regard to other moasures the mode by which they intonded to carry thom inia tffeot, namely, by bill, they made no referonaa to mode in this case ; and when they rernem lered, that which could not bo ignored, the publio statements whieh appeared in the adores íes JFtucd by several of His Excellency's advisers that they intended to place a sum of money for payment of members on the Estimates-ha thought it became the duty of tho House to take notice of that fact, and also of tho absence frost the Governor's (.peech of all memtion as to tho ?noy in which the Government proposed to ac- complish their object. He believed he might state l hat, were the Government to place such an Horn ia the Appropriation Act, the House would not país that measure. ( Hear,hear.) He thought, therefore, that the committee ought to consider that part of the Governor's Bpeooh quite as particularly as any other portions whioh might be Drought under their consideration. (Hear, hear.) He believed he hod now made out a case for departing fro n the ordinary practice which had hitherto pra iailed ; and therefore ho would movo, as al amendment, that the comrnitteo be appointed by -1 allot, and that it do consist of ten members. The ACTING-PRESIDENT remarked that, according to the standing orders, any two bon. members might demand that tho committoa fhould be choson by ballot; but the number mentioned in tho original resolution (seven) must Ve adhered to, and the mover of that resolution must be a member of the committee. Mr. FAWKNER and Mr. BENNETT made tha necessary demand that the committee should bj »ppointed by ballot. The operation of vote by ballot was then per fojracd, and the result won that Dr. Wilkie and Westra. Fellows, Hull, Power, Rolfe, Bennett, end Mitchell were chosen as the committee. The committee then retired to prepare the nddress. On their return, after an absence of »bout half an hour, Mr. FELLOWS brought up the address, which was read by the Clerk, at the table, and nas as follons : " To His Excellency Sir Henry Barkly, Knight Commander of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, Captain-General and Govornor-in Chief of tho Colony of Victoria, and Yioa Admiral of tho same, &c.; " May it/please your Excellency, "We, Her Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the members of the Legislative Council of Victoria in Parliament assembled, beg leave to assure your Excellency of our loyalty aal attachment to Her Majesty's throne and person. I " While we concur with your Excellenoy ia detiring to see the lands of the colony settle 1 upon by those desirous of providing homes for tbimselves and their families, we_ cannot express our satisfaction at the unconstitutional, if nat illegal, mode odopted by your Excellenoy's al V sers to attain thal object. "Wo are not aware that tho issue of ocoupation and cultivation licences on tho gold-fields hu afforded any means of ascertaining the expediency of extending them to those desirous of engagia» in agricultural pursuits ; and we regard such extension by a mero departmental regulation, aid cn the very evo> of the meetingof Parliament, as a wanl on violation of the principles of responsible government. " The bills to establish county councils, to ooo Bolidnto the law relating to municipal institutions, and to reorganise the Civil Service, as well ai those for the bonefit of the mining interests ail the transfer of real property, shall receive oir best consideration when laid before us; and wa concur in the expediency of awaiting the repart of the South Australian commissioners on the lut ïubject. "We trust that tho bill for establishing loo ti insolvency courts will form part of a general a id comprehensive measure for amending the lavs upon that subject. " The bill for the abolition of state-aid to religion, and the measure relating to public ia uttuction, shall have our most serious attention " While we learn with satisfaction that facili- ties will be affoided for tho distillation of spirits in Victoria, we regrot that, at a timo when the inadequacy of our national income from existing sources is admitted, areduolion should be con tcmpla'cd in so unexceptionable a source of icvcnuo as the royalty on gold. J; " Wo cannot regard the imposition of protective duties on articles imported into this colony as likely to afford any advantage to our industrial interests, or to meet a deficiency in a'failing revenue. " We concur with your Excellency in consider- ing it desirable to support a system of Resisted immigration ; but wo deem it more than question Bble whether confidenco in the future of this colony will be inspired, immigration reviyod, or prosperity restored, by the unconstitutional action cf your Excellency's advisers, or by the measures vhich they propose. " We aro glad to learn'that the postal money order system will shortly be in operation botweea this colony and the United Kingdom. "We regret that a want of harmony should be considered to exist in the working of the two tranches of the Legislature, and deplore that a premaiure.departure from the original Constitu- tion should have afforded grounds for such an »»sumption. " In the face of past experience, we cannot admit that it has been impossible or even difficult to obtain the unpaid services of those who would adequately represent tne country in Parliament, while we believe that payment of members U calculated rather to deteriorate than elovato th i general character of the representation. Although your Excolleney has not spécifie 1 the manner in which payment of members is pro- posed to be carried into effect, we cannot ignora the fact that your Excellency's advisers have publicly stated that a sum will be placed up j J. the Estimates for that purpose. We trust we f hall receive your Excellency's assurance that a chango of auoh vital importance will not ba 1 ronght under the consideration of the Legislatura in s manner which, if it does not render the pan- ing of tho whole expenditure contingent on th3 concurrence of an absolute majority of both Houses, will, at all events,' preclude the possi- bility or this House agreeing to the Appropriate i Act. "Wosincerely join in your Excellomr/s prayer that the Almighty may prosper our deliberatioas j and direct our decisions." ¡ Mr. FELLOWS moved that tho address ba adopted. , , " .Mr. FAWKNER seconded the motion. Mr. COLE moved, as an amendment, that the House adjourn, and that the address be taken Into consideration the following day. So many of the subjects mentioned in the Governor« speech ware dealt with in tho address, that hi thought it necessary that the document noir {?resented should not bo adopted without due oon .ñderatión. Although he had every confidenco ia the gentlemen forming the comrnitteo, ho thought , it would bo derogatory,' on' the part of the Coun- cil to ' adopt snob.' an addreps without due dilate. Ho could not help thinkiag that setae passages ¡ai tho address were quito uncalled for. For instance, the word "protection" was men- tioned, when thero was nothing in the Governor's speech to warrant such an allusion. (Laughter, arid cries of " Oh.") Mr. J. HENTY seconded the amendment. The Houso divided on the question ot ad- journment, when there appeared Contents . 6 Non-contents. 17 Majority against adjournment ... II The following is the division-list : CONTENTS. Mr. A'Bootcett Mr. Henty, J. Mr Rolfe \- Cole - M'Crao Dr. Wilkie. NON-CONTKNTS. Mr. Bennett Mr. Highett Mr. Btowart \- Degravos - Hull - Strachan \- Fawknor - Kannody - Buthorlind \- Fellows - Mltoholl - Thomson \- Fraser - Power - Vaughan \- Henty, B. O. - Robertson The motion for the adoption of the address WAS then agreed to without a-division. On th9 motion of Dr. WiiaciE, the Aotinj President was requested to ascertain when it would be convenient for His Excellency to ra ceive the address of the Council in reply to his speech to Parliament. , THE SITTINGS OF THE COUNCIL. Dr. WILKIE gave notice that, at the next sitting, he should move that Tuesdays, Wednes- days, and Thursdays be the days on which the Council shall meet for the despatch of busingn during tho present session, and that the hour of meeting bo four p m. ; ahio that on Wodnesdnya Government business sholl tako precedence over other business. STANDING OOSrMTlTEES. Dr. WILKIE intimated that, at the Bamo time, he should move that the standing committees for the session be constituted as under : Refreshment-rooms and Stablos.-Messrs. S. G. Henty, Fraser, Stewart, Williams, »ad Highett. Standing Orders.-The Acting-PreBidont, an! Messrs. Fellows, Rolfe, Robertson, and A'Beokett. Parliament Buildings.-The Acting-President, and Messrs. Colo, Coppin, Mitchell, and Strachan. Library.-The Acting-President, and MessH. Fawkner, Bennett, Power, and Dr. Wilkie. Printing -*-Tbe Acting President, and Messrs. Thomson, Vaughan, Degraves, ona Dr. Hope. SCOTCH PROCURATORS AND NOTAEIBS-PTJBLIO. Mr. ROLFE gave notice that, on Tuesday, he «hould move for leave to introduce a bill to confer on solicitors and procurators of the Sheriff's Court, Scotland, and their articled clerks, the right of admission as attorneys, solicitors, and procurator] of the Supreme Court of the oolony of Victoria : also a bill to confer on notnries-publio of Ireland and Scotland the same rights and privileges al aro exercised by notaries-public appointed ia England, and now officiating in the colony. The Houso rose at a quarter-past six o'clock. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, The SPEAKER took the chair at twelve o'clock, there being then present Messrs. Mollison, Brod- ribb (W. E.), Loader, Kirk, Weekes, J. Davies, Humffray, M'Lellan, and Richardson. The SPEAKER stated that he was about to proceed to tho Government House, to present himself to His Excellency tho Governor as Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, and should be glad of the company of bon. members. Tho Speaker then proceeded to the Govern- ment House, accompanied by the following mem- bers :-Messrs. W. 0. Smith, Lalor, Manifold, Wilson, O'Grady, Humffray, Mollison, Kyte, Richardson, Weekes, and Dr. Macadam. l Mr. Barker, Clerk of the Assembly ; Mr. Dumas, As- sistant Clerk -, and the Sergeant-at- ArmB, bearing the Speaker's mace, were also in attendance. They awaited His Excellency in one of the large audience chambors. On HU Excellency's entronco, after the usual ceremonies, ' The SPEAKER said,-May it please your Excellency, I bave to acquaint you that tia Legislative Assembly, in the exercise of its rights and privileges, has proceeded to the election of a Speaker, and although there' were many othar hon. members of that Assembly more worthy than the individual who addresses you may ba, it has done me the honour of choosing me. I therefore beg to present myself to your Excel- lency as the Speaker of the Legislative As- sembly. 1 .The GOVERNOR replied,-Mr. Speaker, it gives me much pleasure to learn that you have been again elected by the representatives of tha peoplo to the speakership of the Legislative As- sembly. The unanimous testimony thus borna to the ability, impartiality, and urbanity hitherto displayed by you, affords the surest guarantee for your continued success in the discharge of the important and onerous duties of that high offioo. His EXCELLENCY then bowed and retired, and the Speaker and members accompanying bim returned at once to Parliament House On again taking his seat, The SPEAKER informed the House that ha had waited on His Excellency the Governor, and 'informed him of his election to the office of Speaker. He then read the reply which ho hal leceived. Mr. HUMFFRAY moved that the House »1 journ till a quarter to two o'clock. The House accordingly adjourned at a quarter to one till the hour named. Upon the re-assembling of the House, at a quarter to two o'clock, The Serjoant-at-Arms announoed to the hon. the Speaker that the Usher of the Legislative Council had brought a message from that body to the Assembly, i The ÜBher was then introducedjo the hon. tha Speaker, and requested the attendance of the members of the Legislative Assembly to hear the opening, address, about to be delivered by His Excellonoy the Governor, in the Legislative CounoiL The Speaker then, being in full dress, preceded hy the Serjoant-at-Arms, bearing the mace, aal accompanied by a number of members of the Le- gislative Assembly, attended in the Counoil Chamber, in accordance with His Excellency's request. After a few minutes, the Speaker returned to the Assembly, but did not resume the chair until four o'oloak. < COMMISSION. , The SPEAKER stated that he had received a commission from His Exoollenoy the Governor, empowering him to swear in suoh members ot the House as bad not already beon sworn. The clerk then read the commission. ORDERS IN COUNCIL. The SPEAKER announoed that various orders in Council relating to the gold- fields had bega presented. DISTRICT COUNCILS. Mr. VÜRDON gave notice that, on Tuesday next, he would move certain resolutions for the extension of local government in the colony. At he desired to take the discussion upon going into committee, copies of the bill would be circulated forthwith. FISHERMEN'S LICENCES. Mr. L. L. SMITH presented a petition from certain leaseholders of oyster-beds, praying for an alteration in the present law. THE FINANCIAL CONDITION OT THE COtJNTBT. Mr. O'SHANASSY gave notice that, on Ties day, he would bring forward a resolution on the financial affairs of the country. TUB CHAIRMAN 07 OOMJinXTEES. Ur. GILLIES gave notice that, on the follow- ing day, he would move that Mr. Lalor be ap- pointed (Jhairman ? ot Committees of the Legis- lative Assembly. I , , OTBLIO PARKS. ' Mr.W. SMITH gave notice that, on Thursday, he would ask the Commissioner of Publio Work« to furnish a return showing the manner in whioh the sum of £3,000 voted for park purposes had been expended. | . THE GEELONG CORPORATION. . Mr. M'OANN gave notice that, on Thursday next, he i would move for a copy of the opinions given by the law officers of the Crown as to the power of the Geelong Corporation to impose a tax upon vehicles. ? BUSINESS OF THE HOT/SB. Mr. BEALES gave notice that, on the follow" fag day, he would move that Tuesday, Wedna I" day, Thursday, and Friday be the days opou. _ which the .Assembly, shall meet, and that four \- o'clock be the hour at whioh the business shall bs commenced. GOVERNMENT BUSINESS. Mr. BEALES gave notice that, on the follow - ' ing day, he would movb,.that on Tuesdays, Wed , nesdays, and Fridays,'Government business take precedence of aHot}iertbuAÍness.'_ . ¡. , I OYSTER FISHERIES. *" '.., Mr. L. L. SMITH presented a petition (whlaï was read) from certain shopkeepers and retailers of oysters, praying 'for an' alteration in ' Ojstcr Fisheries Act. ' THE PRINTING COMMITTEE. Mr. TIE ALES gave notice that, on tho following ing day, he would move that the following gentle- men form the Printing Committee-The Speaker, Mr. M'Lellan, Mr. Berry, Mr. Richardson, Mr. Levey, Mr. Lalor. Mr, Gillies, Mr. Foott, and th > mover-three to form a quorum. STANDING ORDERS. 1 Mr. HEALES gave notice that, on the follow- ing day, ho would move that the following gen- tlemen form the committee on standing orders The Speaker, the Chairman of Committees, Mr. Duffy, Mr. Snodgrass, Mr. O'shanassy, Dr. Owens, Mr. Brooke, Mr. Gray, and Mr. Aspinall -three to form a quorum, REFRESHMENT ROOMS COMMITTEE. Mr. HEALES gave notice that, on tho followiar day, he would movo that the Refreshment Com- mittee consist of the following gontlomon- Mr. Pyke, Mr. Frazer, Mr. Snodgrass, Mr. Sullivan, Mr. J. T. Smith-with power to confer with th« committee of the Council. OCOUTATION LICENCES. Bl Mr. DUFFY gavo notice that, on Thursday next, he would move a resolution having referen oa to the recent issues of occupation licences for agricultural purposes by the President of thä Board of Land and Survey, LIBRARY COMMITTEE. Mr. HEALES gavo notice that, on the follow- ing day, ho would move that the Library Con mutee consist of tho following eentlemen-Th) Spcakor, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Mollison, Dr. Mac- adam, and Mr. Haines, with powor to confer with the committee of the Legislative Council. PARLIAMENT BUILDINGS COMMITTEE, Mr. HEALES gave notice that, next day, he would move that the following gentlemen be ap- pointed to act as a Parliament Buildings Con mittce, in conjunction with members of tb.3 Legislative Counoil-The Speaker, Mr. Grant, Mr. Duffy, Mr. Don, and Mr. Francis. ' FIREWOOD AT SOHNATPER POINT. Mr. CHAPMAN gave notice that, on Thursday next, he would move for a copy of all oorra tpondence by the Government relative to the lemoval of firewood from the point at Schnapps? Point. (Laughter.) NEW MEMBER. Mr. FRASER was sworn in as a member of tho Legislativo)AB8ombly, and took his seat below th ) gangway on the Ministerial side of tho Houso. PROTECTION OF CHILDREN. Mr. HEALES said that, in accordance with Parliamentary usaget ho rose to move that a hill be read a first time. It was " A Bill for tho Protection of Neglected Children, and for the Prevention of Crime by Children." Tho motion was carried, and tho bill was reid a first time, its second reading being made un order of tho day for Tuesday next. « THE ADDRESS. The SPEAKER read tho address as doliverad hy Bis Excollenoy the Governor in the Legislativo Council at a previous period of tho day. Mr. EDWARDS begged to move " That an addross bo presented to His Exosl lency to express their allegiance to the Queen, to thank His Excellency for bringing tho Parlia- ment together at so early a date ; and to say tint the several important subjects referred to in Hu Excellency's speech, including the Estimates, to- gether with tho difforont bills _ to bo immediately introduced, would receivo their best attention." The Bpoaker thon referred seriatim to ths leading topics embraced in tho speech, an i added, that he «as awaro that it generally fell to the.lot of a younger member of the House to propose, a motion of that kind, and that, in doinf to, the member was supposed to moko hu maiden speech. But as he dio. not anticipate that any amendment to his motion would bj proposed, ho felt that he would simply bo was tia ; ihe time of the House if he said more in support cf the motion than that he entirely concurred ia all the statements embraced in the address. (At the same time, if any amendment wera propose!, 1 o trusted to havo the opportunity of replying. Meanwhile, ho would simply movo the presenta- tion a reply to the addicss. Mr. FLINT bad great pleasure in seconding the motion, and in doing so he would Bay that ho perfectly ngreed with the hon. mombor who hal just sat donn, that it would be a waste of time to speak at length in Bupport of tho motion. Ha would merely remark, therefore, that ho fully cencurred in everything oontained in His Exoal lcncy's speech. And ho believed that tho consti- tuencies had signified their adhesion to tho principles embraced in it, especially the minias constituencies, ono of which he had the honour of representing. As he had said before, he most fully concurred in everything contained in HU Excellency's speech, and therefore ho had pro it pleasure in seconding the motion for an adarosj in reply to it. Mr. HAINES, in rising to mako a few re- marks, wished in the first place to state tb.it there would bo no disposition on the part of mem- bers on his side of tho House to offer a factious opposition to tho address, while a fair opportunity w ould be given to Ministors of bringing in and deal- ing with the various measures alluded to in a man- ner satisfactory to tho country, and, thereforo, it was not his intention to movo an amend- ment to the motion just made. Yet, ho would not havo it supposed for one instant tint he, or the majority of hon. members sitting oa his side of the Houso, at all concurred in somo respects with the address which had boon read to them.- (Hear, hear.) There wero several rel- ions why they should not go at any length intj the consideration cf the address then, and one of thom was that it would bo impossible that tha wholo of the subjects embraced in it could b3 properly discussed in one debate, and therefore ho would be inclined rather to dcal'with separat} voilions of the.address on separate occasions. (Hear, hear.) It would be apparent to the Houia that tho Opposition desired to express thoir opinion of tho various subjects which formed tha matter of the address, and in order that thay might be able to do so, it would bo mush I ettcr that these subjects should bo doalt with' separately. And that was tho objeo; of the notices of motion that had been givon. But ho felt biintclf bound to make one or two remarks, and he would point out that in the address thoy had no statement whatever with rigard to the financial condition of tb.3 country. They wero_ aware that the Trea lurer had mode certain statements regarding the financial position of the country, and tint the President of the Board of Lands and Survey bad i made certain oilier statements, shortly I efore the late House separated, and theso state- ments had been repeated by that gentleman whon before his constituents, and surely thoy might hav J expected that His Exccllenoy's speech would have centaincd some reference to the position of the country in a financial sense. But he was not poing to speak of the matter then, because ha hoped thoy would havo another opportunity oE considering it. He would also uko to point out that it would be almost impossible for them to consider sovernl of tho bills which it was stated were! to be introduced, until they had the Esti rrates before them. He would toko the Munioipil Bill, as an example, under which it was proposed that municipalities should be subsidised from the jicneral revenue. That was a subject, it wouli bo easily noon, which could not properly bo doa.lt with until the Estimates were under their 03n f ideration. But it appeared to him that the ad- dress oontained littlo more than allusions to tha introduction of measures whioh wero calculate! lo do away with existing sources of revenue, without showing at the same time how or whether the substitutes provided would meet the diffioulty. They had something said to them about the protec- tive» duties to be imposed ; but they wanted, in ad- dition, some guarantee that thoso duties, when laid on, would mako up'for tho deficiency other- wise created. . Ho was also disposed to take ox . ception to the statement regarding the occupation .licences ; and it was quite clear that the authority cf' Parliament had been disregarded Jin that matter. ("Hear, hear,"and "Oh,") »yell, he would not argue the question then, bocauso ha hoped the House would have tho opportunity of going into the question at no distant day ;' and he merely pointed to it to register his dissent to what the Government had done in the matter. Ho was anxious to avoid any discussion thoa oa the several subjects embraced in the address, and ha merely alluded to them as he had done, for the purpose of dissenting altogether from them, aal from the manner in which die Government anl the address dealt with them. He would only, ia addition, point out that, considering that thoy had so many interests at stake, and that that document (the speech) had only beca in tha hands of hon. members for an nour or,' two, it would, in his opinion, be more desirable,'without wishing to propose any amendment to the motion hefore the House, to deal with tue sub- jects involved separately, and more leisurely than they had then the opportunity of doing. ''(Hear, hear.) Mr. O'SHANASSY said he was also one of those members on that side of tb* House who were of opinion that the subject« embraced in the address should receive greater exm-deratlon than was possible then, even if they should not be met with the amendment, which, under the otroum sUnceSj would he .deserved ; but he concurred ia the observation« which had fallen from the hon. member for Portland ; and as there was a larga number, of member j ïu the HOUBO who were not fu miliar with its forms, and. hod not eatperieabV of the manner in which business was oonduotod in it, and who, therefore, could not bo expected to pronounce at once upon the merits of the different questions submitted to their considera- tion, especially as those questions affected the t ery root of tho social and political position of the country, he felt that it would be desirable to consider the different questions separately and gravely at future opportunities. (Hoar, hoar.) A document which, like that, was levelled at the very foundation of things in general (" hear, hear," and laughter), without showing how what was abolished was to be replaced, should roooiva the gravest attention at tho hands of the mem- bers of that House. If there was not found perf act agreement at once on the various subjects to'oome under their notice, the time was fast approaching when lhere would have to be decided notion on the part of the gentlemen of that Legislature, which action, he had little doubt, would be in accordance with the importance of the matter in- volved. The time was fast approaching whon lion, members would take a proper stand in thai Houso, and array themselves on one side or the other, for the advancement of the best interests of tho colony. That spirit was only developing itself now, but it would ba much more fully and fairly developed ia the courso^ of a very short time. Believing that such waa tbo case, he had heard with sur- prise a remark made by the seconder of the motion for the address, which was in effect tint the gold-fields constituencies of the country had «?xpresscd themselves generally in favour of the different measures embraced m tho addross. That assertion he would dispute ontiroly, at least ¡is far as the protective policy of the Government vas concerned, and it could not bo allowed ta miss unohallonged. ("Hear;" and "Oh.") The silence with which tho Ministry reoeived that statement waB somewhat different from tha jolly laugh the House had heard a minuto ago, and it struck him that members on the other side of the Houso wero silent becauso they were well »vtnro of the truth of what he said. ("Hear, hear,"and,"No,no.") No: itstruckhimthatwhea tbo subject was further considered, as it woull be, their " noes" would bo turned into " yeses." But OB regarded the address itself, he would say, generally, that in it Government hod been for' gotten as it were in favour of the Ministerial programme. Tho Government had touched upon all tho points in their programme in that addrosi of the Governor, but it appeared to him that on two points there was Bome difference botween the address and the programme. ("Hear, hear;' and " No, no.") These wero tho facts of the owa and ho saw no reason why thoy should not don with the facts as they wore. One of those point: had reference to the rovenuo and expenditure o! tho country, and in the address the polioy of th< Ministry was thus stated : " Tho inadequacy of our national income frorr existing sources, .and tho imperfect develop ment of industries' for which natural facilitiei exist in this country, havo led to a general oon viotion that it is expedient that tho tariff should bo reconsidered by Parliament, with the twofold object.of'raising a sufficient revenue, and, by a judicious re-arrangement of our imposts, of affording to our industrial interests the incidental advantages derivable from duties imposed on suob. articles as compete with our own products rather than on those whioh do not. It is therefore contemplated by my Ministers, after tho Esti- mates of expenditure havo been framed, to sub- mit propositions to Parliament for realising theio objectB." Now, it appeared to him that the Ministerial way of speaking of tho subjoot was that they went ia distinctly for protection as opposed to froo trade, ("Hear, hear-," and "No, no.") Ho thought io heard the Chief Secretary say " hear, hear." ("No, no;" and laughter.) Well, he hal read his speech on the hustings, in which it was said that duo encouragement woull bo given to native industry, and he would challenge them to say whether that was na1, protection. (" Hear, hear;" and "Oh, oh.") And if thoy said it was not, then ha would challenge them to say what it wai. (A member on the Ministerial side.-"Wait a bit, and you will seo." Laughter.) Woll, he had perhaps no groat objootion to wait a little, but ho would say that if the Mi- nistry did not mean protection purely, their policy was the most curious amalgamation of protection and free trado ever laid before Failiament. (" Hear, hear;" and " Oh, oh.") If that portion of tbo Ministerial programmo did not mean protection, thon ho could only say that a more delightfully vague paragraph than that he had read was never submitted to Parliament ; lut without saying moro, he would wait until they saw how the subject was afterwards dealt with. The other paragraph whioh he thought was vague and unsatisfactory was that which had a eferred to the subjeot of payment of members. Tho question, as put by tho Government, was, that the only way to secure paymont of members was to put a sum for that purpose on the Estimates ; but tho address treated tho subject in this man- ner :-" Tho impossibility of otherwise soourin? tho adequate representation of the country iu Parliament renders it expedient that momba» thould be compensated for thoir services durinj iheir attendance on their Legislative duties. Tha result of the elections proves that, whilst a majo- rity has been returned favourable to the prin- cipio, considerable difference of opinion oxists as to tho mode of applying it." And after expressing the Ministerial opinion as to tha majority favourable to tho principle, tha address went on to say: - "The prmoiplo being conceded, tho mauner of carrying it into effect ÍB a question which Parliament alona can determino ; and it will bo the duty of my advisers to tako tho sense of the representative i of the people on this subject when tho proper time arrives." Now, this Boomed to him to be a contradiction. The Ministry had already de «lared that the only way to secure the object was lo place a sum on the Estimates ; hut this para- graph was at variance with that statement, and left the manner in which payment of mombort nas to bo secured in doubt, since it did not sppear whothor members wero to be paid by a direct cheque upon tho Treasury, or by a bill. (Hear, hear.) And, again, it was stated that it -was a question for Parliament alone to deolde. Well, tuon, in his simplicity, up to tho present time he had imagined that Parliament consisted, i ot of ono House only, but of two-the Upper House and tbo Lower. ("Hoar, hear;" anl "No.") Parliament consisted, 'then, of the iw> HouseB. There were two branches which must b > consulted in the sottlomcnt of the subjeot; anl if they should attempt to do it by a bill insto* I of putting a Bum on tbo Estimates, he did not believe that tho question would bo sottled ai «he Ministry desired. With regard to the oo cupation licences ho would not then speak, Bino a the hon. member for Villiers and Heytesbury had given notice of a motion on the subjoot, -which would afford another and better oppor- tunity for discussing tho question. Thoro w« cne extraordinary statement in the address with reference to the time at which the Opposition had compelled the reassembling of Parliament, which might as well have been omitted, since tha Opposition in doing what thoy had dooe hal been simply acting m accordance with the Con- stitution of the country. Hero was a Ministry who had been five or six months in passing the Estimates for the present year, who had hal no special difficulty in their way, and who ha 1 every officer's salary at hand under tho revenua loiuras, and yet he was told that the Ministry bad'not bad suffioient time to frame their Esti- mates ! He would like to know at what tira a ihey had issued thoir circulars to the hoads of departments, requesting them to send in thoir returns ? If it could bo shown that the Ministry had called for these returns in proper time and had been unable to obtain them, noone would bl more ready to wait some timn longer for tha Estimates than himself ; but he did not think that such had boen the case. The real roason of tho delay had not been given. Tho true reason, in his opinion, was, that the Ministry wero afraid to look the real financial position of the country in the face. (" Hear, hear;" and "Oh, oh.") Thoy heard of cases of difficulty in finanoial matters in private life where delay was asked for, and, to his thinking, there was always something suspicious in these demands,for time and delay.-' ("Hear,hear;" and " Oh, oh.") It was time that the real finan- cial condition of the colony was made clear, and tho country would demand that it should be made ro before they entered into the consideration of the bills to be submitted to them, or of a singla législative enactment of any kind. (Hear, hear. I That was the practice of the mother country, anl it was in accordance with their own Constitution. Although there would bo a future opportunity of dealing with tho subject, he had spoken of it then, oeoausp ho felt that it waB of the greatest passible importance that they should speedily understand their true position, especially as ho was aware that the Government had had In Lau d n £2,000,000 worth of debentures whioh had not been taken up, but with that broad faot Ihey had not vontured to deal. They had not called the attention of the House to it, ror had they said a singlo word on the subjoot, Therefore it was plain that these important dooi ments bad been concealed. No allusion was made to them in tho address, and yet their lm TOrtanco was great. How would the Government answer this ? A Government need not necessarily be ashamed of the fact that the credit of tho colony was low in the London market, but tho fact should surely not be concealod while the Îiresont Parliament was assembled, nor while the ate Parliament was still sitting. All such corr« - rpondence badi boen given by previous Govern n.ents as freely as possible, without any demand | « batever on the part of the House. The sneooh, I therefore, was founded'on a grand fallacy-. j on the fact that the Government did -not daio to look the financial condition of the country, inJtho face'.'? Ministers begin'by oom-' | plaining that the revenue,' which, was always adequate, for the past nine or ten years, was not adequate at the present moment, and therefore make an appeal, ad miscricordiam, for a revision of the tariff. In saying this he hoped ho was not too warm. He spoke exactly as he felt, and he did feel that the financial question had been allowed to be smothered. For himself, he toak credit, notwithstanding the result of the elec- tions, that the third clause in the Appropriation Aot had been passed, because it had compelled tho Government to acknowledge its responsibility ?to the House and to the country, and hadgivoa an opportunity of testing who those wero that would look tho mattet straight in the face. There had also been an attempt to carry a policy whioh, he had no hesitation in saying, was a violation of all the rules for an Executive Government, and an attempt by an Executive to take into its own hands the powers of a Legislature ; and it was made, too, m a recess, while yet an appeal was being made to the oountry, doubtless for politiool reasons. That attempt was a violation of tha first principio of responsible government sought to be established in this country, namely, that which conferred upon th's country the power of managing its own affairs. It was against all the rules of responsible government for any part of the state to exeroiso and lake powers which properly belonged to another. It was the viola'ion of that very rulo which made tho French fail so often in their aspirations aftar liberty, beeauso the Executive there would take the powers which ought to havo belonged to a Legislature Here was the attompt ia the issue of the occupation licences, and to legalize them by tho flat of a Minister, by his bare motiou, in defiance of all law. (Cries of "No," and "Yes.") It was -»defiance of all existing law, and in deflanco of that law passed by those who were now so solicitous on the subject, but passed against hil coon express opinion and will (hear, hear), so that he felt relieved of all responsibility re- garding it. That attempt was one which would soon engross tho attention of the House, when it would Lo for gentlemen who holioved those licences to bo legal to sustain their opinions, and cite their authorities. It was unnecessary for him to take up the time of tho Houso further. It was due to himself to spoak as he hal dono, and as he felt ; and there was no apology required for having expressed himself according to his honest convictions. Mr. DON said that, if thore was one hoa. member in tho House who, during last session, had dono moro than another to rotard the passage of the Estimates, it was the hon. member for Kil- more, on whose Bide of the Houso every discussion upon them noa raised and every reply provoked. It, came, therefore, with a vory bad grace from that hon. member, after Government had besa forced to meet tho House so much earlier than was usual, to blame them for not doing things which were impossible in tho hurry of a general e lection. That lion, member would recollect that «ben he held tho post of Chief Secretary-which he (Mr. Don) hoped that hon. member would never hold again (eheers and a clapping of hand] in the Speaker's gallery), for he was totally un- qualified for tho place as far as patriotism and love of the country and tho moss of the people wero concerned-he took seven months to frame his Estimates, keeping tho meeting of Parliament back to the latest moment, because he know that the first thing that Parliament would do would bo to drag him from office. Those remarks, therefore, oamo with an especial bad grace when the hon. member remembered how the Government woro hurried into meeting Par- liament, and who hurried thom. Then carno the occupation licences.^ Did the bon. member know who it was that advised the Govemmont to issuo tbem Î Was he aware that it was his own Solicitor-General in times past, and his futuro Attorney-General (if the affair of tho Mornington election wont eff right (laughior),' who had done so, and who pledged his character, al one of the principal ornaments of the bar of Victoria, as to their legality: The hon.' room- ier who now occupied the seat of Attorney General was not at all responsible for the step, unless ho agreed- as ho (Mr. Don) beliovod that hon. and learned member did-with his prede- cessor that thoy wero legal. (An hon. member " No.") . He (Mr. Don) did not care if they wero legal or not-it was a subjeot he troubled. himself very littlo about (a laugh), for if they wero not legal they ought to be. It was a question for the barristers in the House to determine; and ho was glad to find that there were ten less in the Houso than there wero lust session. The lion, members on the Treasury benches had done what tho hon. member for Sandridge only pretended to do, viz.-settled the land question ; and ho believed the clause of tha Land Act which gavo them power to do so was one which slipped out of the hands of the hon. member for Sandridge by mistake. The legality of those occupation licences was not for him to judge of, for a journeyman stonemason was not tho Dest authority on the subject. Judging by the plain rule of common sense, they ought to be legal, for they feive more to tho country than Wilson Gray and the Convention ever asked for. Mr. GRAY.-No. Mr. DON asked if tho lion, momber for Kil moro bad not repeatedly said that half-a-dozen eockàtoo farmers on a squattor's run would force him to clear out at once 1 and when any maa rouid go to any part of the country possessed by the squatters and sottlo.on tho lands, paying 2s. 6d. (" too much") an acre for them, aid not that settle the squatting question ? If half-a-crown per tcie per annum was too muohit could be made less. This vexed question, which it had been so often attempted to settle, was now clearly and dis- tinctly settled on a broad and practical basiB, by tbo gentlemon on tho Treasury benches. In- ducing immigration was talked of, but nothing could effect that but cheap lands and high wages, which were so intimately conneoted that nothing could separate ' them. The bon. member for Kilmoie, in endeavourinjr to throw oold water oa these, had only been giving a chapter in his own history, which tho oountry would understand. He had been talking in a sort of double-handed way about tho rovisiou of the tariff. Now he (Mr. Don), as athorough protectionist, could look on the Government programma as a fair state- ment of their policy on that subject. Free trade was a practical impossibility in this country. A revenue could only bo raised by duties on imports. Mr. WOODS.-A land tax. Mr. DON said a land tax might bo attempted, I lit it would bo impossible to.raise it ; and put- ting a tax upon imports made every merchant in Mdbourno, Geelong, and the soaboard, a ro \ ernie officer, affairs coming in the end to the Fame thing, viz.-that whatever had to bo paid tho people generally would have to pay it. All that- tho Government proposed to do was, as tuxes were nocessary, to put thom on orticloä which could bo mado by the people in the colon j themselves, and so put our manufacturers ana labourers on a level with thoso of othoi countries. This proposition was so plain, so 'self-evident, that even tho gentlomm to celebrate whoso defeat a banquet wa; held tho other day, would not and could no1 c1 ject to Buch a means of raising a revenue Tb.ii vi us all the Government wanted to do ; and aftai matters had been matured, they would come oui vith something stronger by and by. They warf vailing their time, attempting what was possible mid not what was impossiblo Í so that as far a; liis remarks upon this part of tho speech was ooa cci ned, the bon. member for Kilmore had made «mother failure Ho (Mr. Don) oame now te iho second paragraph referred to, namely, that respecting payment of members. Nothing ic this life had abtonished him moro than tht lemtirks made respecting this, for he re> n'cnibered two years ago tho hon. member foi Kilmore himself o-oted for putting payment ol numbers on tho Estimates; nay more, ho had beard that that ovtin tho hon, member's own pro Position. A gentleman onco a membor of thal louse had told him so, but he found he wai mistaken. Tho bon. membor was not the authoi ef the idea, butha certainly Bat side by side with iVnusclf (Mr. Don), and voted for putting . pay- ment of memberu on tho Estimates with him. Mr. O'SHANASSY.-No. Thero was no suco proposal over put bufo.-o the House. Mr. DON replied that' thero woro two distinol rroposals, and tho bon. membor for Kilmore .» otcd for one of thurn. Mr. O'SHANASSY.- Permit me. Such a pro position, for putting payment of members on the Estimates, was never put before tho Houso. Mr. DON could not contradict the hon. morn her,'as that would bo contrary to Parliamentari usage, but ho thought a roferenoe to one o the great books on tbo table would prove the con trary. The hon. member formerly contendet that, putting a sum of money on the Estimate , was'the only possible way to get payment o members. Mr. O'SHANASSY said that the hon. mern ber for Collingwood had no right to misreprosen bis (Mr. O'Slianossy'B) view on the subject, whiol be had never concealed. He never made a state ment to the Houso of the kind mentioned by th hon. member for Collingwood. Mr. DON was again compelled to refrain fron contradiction. Perhaps it was a mLsappreherj sion that he remembered sitting by the hon member. Perhaps it was a delusion, or tho hon member's ghost that he sat beside. The tollers however, could hardly havo been so deceived The bon. member also said that that part of th «peech whieb set forth* that the mode by whiol payment of members was to be adopted must b declared by Parliament could only mean proceed fog by bill. (Mr. O'shanassy,-"Hear, hear." Now ho would suggest to the hon. member tha it might be by the Appropriation Bill, whioh b I bad also heard the hon. member say the Upps House«oqnkllnbt constitutionally refase topa« \- to matter what items were in it. (Mr. -0 Sha »assy,-"'No, no."),. Well, ho always bolievél that when a man spoke ho was speaking bl mind,' and, that ¡words ,were"properly riven'fi another purpose than'to 'conceal thoughts. TI Toon, member must watch the Estimates as thi came np; and see if payment of members was o J henil, Bo much: for this subjeot. When ti Government no longer olearly ' declared the j olicy, and made good every promise given to ti «ountry whioh had given them suoh a respect » le body of supporters-'cheers and a lauehl then he would give them up. Time was wht bo had told hon. members tho policy of the 0 A ernmcnt, and had been laughed at. Hon men 1 J is asked Ministers to como forward and BOJ I tantiato his assertion, but the time to do so hi jot come. They had now dared to face ti country with a speech whioh, OB far as the cam <f the people was concerned, was never rive -o a British colony before, and he truste the representatives of the country would «ii Unat support which would pass every one < the promised measures into law, and ii i ure the permanent prosperity of the counti a nd the development of its vast natural n »t urces. All that was wanted waB, to nut « i he statute-book the hints given in the Governor i peech that day. The present was one of »hoi cr casions on whioh ho might calmly reason an pppeal to the good feeling of both sides of ti House. The country was in a difficult positioi frhops were without customers, the pcoplo wei vi thou t employ, houses were depreciating ¡ A slue, rents of £1 wero coming down to 10s., ti mining population were rushing from our shore» and the wholo stato of things appeared to be in galloping decline. What could reverse this 1 hey did not throw open some of the rich Btort of wealth with which Providence had provided ti country? The country was languishing undorasocii «Sisease, and he would ask hon. members calmly t < emsider measures which would be introduced b Government, and whioh would bo the cure for a the evils which they were experiencing. He woul r njy conclude by a reference to the Parliamentar Votes and Proceedings, by whioh it appeared thi » n tbo question to put paymont of members o' ibe Estimates, the name of the hon. member fo Kilmore was among tho ayes. The passai; retting this forth would be found in page twentj fix of the volume for 1860-61. The passago rea ihus :-" On the order of the day having bee; i uul for tbo consideration hythe committee o iho whole Assembly of the following résolu tions : " * That it is necessary to the adequato repre Fintation of the people ip this House, that mem bera be compensated for their attendance. " ' That m the opinion of this comrnitteo sue compensation should he the sum of - per an um). " ' That an address be presented to His Excel huey tbo Governor, requesting that he will eau» a sum to be placed on the Estimates for th j urposo,' ' She House divided." Ho found the nome of the hon. member fo Kilmore recorded among the ayes, and this hi -thought justified him in making the statemont hi had. Mr. O'SHANASSY was quite sure that i vould bo better at the opening of a nev Parliament to adhere to striot Parliamen fury practice. It was not usual nor coi lect for hon. membors to retail private con ?msations of whioh they wore the only wil »esses, their assertions not being disputable He was alluding to the circumstance merely ii < xplanation of what had been stated by tho bon member for Collingwood. That hon. gontlemai stated that he (Mr O'shanassy) had given th( rroposition for payment of members his assent because he had been told so by another hon member down stairs. With regard to the secoue ibing in dispute, the hon, member had ohargei bim with telling a lio publicly. (" Oh.") Thi bon. member said that what he stated was no true. (Cries of " Spoken.") He would ask thi Speaker whether or not ho was in order in reply ing to a charge mado against him ? Tho SPEAKER ruled that the bon, membo v. ns perfectly in order. Mr. O'SHANASSY said he -had stated in hil place in that House his opinions on tho subject ol payment of members, and had repeated his viowi ?»hen he had gone back to his constituents. He lad stated at all times that, owing to peculiar circumstances, some districts might not beablo to (end members to Parliament, from their distance i rom Melbourne, without compensation to those ntmbers for their services. That state- ment ho had nevor varied, and had never sltcred. He had been told by his hon, friend, *&1 r. Bennett, that he had referred to the division list, and found that ho (Mr. O'shanassy) did not vote as the hon. member for Collingwood stated, in el, therefore, that ho negatived the motion for payment of members being placed on the Estimates. He only voted for it being dono by means of a bill, and the reference of the bon. member to the record he quoted was no more authority than if he had referred to the nan in the moon. ("Oh, ob.") He would venture io say that on those records there were things Fcmctimes astonishing to hon. members; for, as liio hon. member perfectly well knew, when the ¿cora were closed, a member could not move from his Beat, and might bo recorded as voting for what ho had expressed an opposition to. With tint explanation ho would leave his character for tiutb-teliing in the hands of the people who knew him. Mr. DON explained that he had referred ta ile records of the House when he statod that Iho bon. member sat beside him and voted, and 1 e believed that he had a right to havo the accord read. Ho would not relinquish his «laracterfor truthfulness in favour of the hon. member for Kilmore or any other member. Mr. SNODGRASS thought that it was a great pity to carry on the diseussion, moro especially niter the explanation of his hon. friend the hiem 1 er for Kilmore. The hon. member for Colling- wood had charged that hon. momberwith what was, as far as he (Mr. Snodgrass) knew, un founded in fact. He would not Bay that tho len. member had done so wilfully. (" Read the i < cord," from several membors on the Ministerial »ide of the House.) When the Ministry entered t flice. they wanted to raiae »3600,000 by direct fixation, and when the hon. member for Kilmore fe und that, he stated that the time had not nrived when the colony could bear further tixation, and he considered tho hon, member i or Collingwood should be the first to thank the 1 on. member for having so aoled, Mr. DON rose to order. Bo would movo, if 1 c could do so, that the record of tho House bo tend by tho Clerk. He thought ho hod a right to ask that. Mr. SNODGRASS thought it was a matter of little moment whether tho record was road or j ot after the explanation given by the hon. ja fmber.for Kilmore. (" Read tho record " from lèverai members.) Mr. WOODS wished to know whether the hon. member was speaking to a point of order. Mr. SNODGRASS.-If the hon. member for Collingwood wished to havo the document read be could do so. but the hon. member for Kilmore ) ad confidently stated that although his name B.kht appear on tho list in favour of the bill, it oid not record his opinions. Hon. members on tbo opposite side of the House would not have eenie to that Houso had it not been that they thought there was a certainty of then* receiving ¡f300 a-year. (" Oh, oh.") Mr. WOODS rose to order. The hon. member lad charged hon. members on his side of the IlouEO with being tbore simply from tho bribe of it SOO a-year. Ile, for one, would not sit thora »nd listen to a statement so false, whether made 1 y the hon. member for Dalhousie, or by the hou. n ember for Kilmore. They did not sit therefor li at, and he would throw back the accusation on the bon. member, and tell him that he (Mr. Vi oods) and other gentlemen near him were quito IIB able to support themselves as the hon. mem- ber opposite was. Mr. O'SHANASSY would put tho record in Iho hands of the o'crk, in order to seo whether (he accusation made by the hon. member was correct. (The offioial minutes of the proceedings on the 11th January, 1861, were then read by the clerk, and it appeared that Mr. O'ShanasBy's name was on the list, in favour'of the Speaker leaving the chair.) i Mr. O'SHANASSY said that his veracity hav- ing been impugned by reference to (he record, he would like to ask the Speaker whether there was anything in that record to show that he had voted in favour of payment of members by resolution, i or placing a sum on the Estimates. ' The SPEAKER.-The hon. member voted that the Speaker leave* the chair for the consideration of certain resolutions. Mr. DON.-The question was payment of members. ¡ The SPEAKER did not think there was occa- sion to go further into the matter. M- SNODGRASS, in reply to the remarks »ado by Mr. Woods, said he did not intend to. i, »lake the slightest reference to any partioular j member. He merely Btatod a fact which had reme to his knowledge from an hon. member, that some hon. members would not have ooma hilo that Houso without the certainty of being paid £300 a-year. With regard to the question of pi. j mont of members, ho had already stated sufficient to show, that whatever the feelings of to tain hon. members might bo, they would not si ntend against the principle. The hou. member «ho seconded the motion on the address stated that the majority of the gold-fields members ?«ere in favour of the Ministerial polioy ; but in or position to that ho would say that thore were ia ere than fourteen opposed to the payment or jxcnibers. Mr. DUFFY said he was sorry that the hon. "nember for Colling«ood bad opened the pro .ritdiiH'B of tho now Parliament tfith-misropro > 'tenting an hon. member. He was'öiemore sorri" for it as he was able to .say from bia position ira Ttte House at the time that the 'chargo made «gainst the bon. member for Kilmore | was un founded. It was true that that gentleman vote 1 in favour of the House .going into oommittee to consider the resolutions of; Mr. Barton, and he did so,' as he had stated, because he was of opinion, that, under certain circumstances, pay- ment of members was necessary, i When the House went into committee, Mr. Barton moved the first resolution, that^-wa^de^Dle^ooai,;, '"Üe'nWei members for their services, and the hon. member for Kilmore concurred m that. Tho next resolution was agreed to, but when they cania to the manner in which the payment was to b3 mnde, namely, thato sam be placed upon the Esti- mates, an amendment was proposed by Dr. Evans, that a bill should bo introduced for the purpose. Among the names in favour of that amendment would be found- that of his noa. friend thomornberfor Kilmore. Mr. GRAY.-ID what year? Mr. DUFFY.-In 1861. Mr. GRAY.-Tho year before was the one re- ferred to. Mr. DUFFY had simply perused the records of the House from the point at whioh they had been taken up. (" No.'') The hon. member for Collingwood put them into the hands of tha clerk. Mr. DON.-No; I put them ho. the proper place. Mr. DUFFY.-Tho bon. member for Kilmore had the records road, and thoy contradicted th J statement niado against him. He had al way i thought that the hon. member for Collingwojl treated everybody with fairness, but if ho did n )t withdraw his accusation against the bon. memb ic for Kilmore after the explanation which had bae i made, he should withdraw that opinion. (" Oa, oh," from Mr, L. L. Smith.) Ho hoard groáis from an lion, member opposite. He would never have expected from that gentleman that he woul 1 inke such a manly course, but from the hoa. member for Collingwood he did expect that ha would tako a manly and honourable course. Mr. L. L. SMITH roso to order. He thought the bon. member was going too far in makin; such remarks. The SPEAKER said he did not undera tau 1 the hon. membor to mention any namo, Mr. DUFFY would repeat his observation, that if the hon. member for Collingwood did not withdraw the statement he had mado, and which he could not maintain, ho should cease to holl him in tho samo opinion as hitherto. After somo remarks from Mr. L. L. SMITH, The SPEAKER said he had already expresse 1 an opinion that the discussion had gone fa: < nough. The rooord did not ropresont what thî hon. member for Kilmore meant, but what hi did. Mr. DON explained that he referred to th) re cord of ono of the divisions on tho 1st February, I860, rind that ROS the way the lion, member for Villiers and Heytesbury was wrong. He (Mr. Don) knew perfeotly well that tho hon. mombjr for Kilmore voted against tho payment of mem- bers on tho lost occasion, and he also knew why he did BO. (Tho hon. member thou referred to ide record, und said ho would leave it to tb.3 Speaker to say whether his name was not in tha opposite column to that of tho lion, member.) The memory of the hon. member for Villiers and He] tesbury seemed to be sadly defoctivo ; when be stated thnt ho voted against the Ministry, he had mistaken (he dato altogether-which was t u .worst thing for any one to do, much moro n lawyer, whanoiroumstancos ohanged so suddenly. For im tauce, it was a terrible mistake to see 111 bon. member where he was. (Laughter.) Mr. O'SH 4NASSY said he would like to sho v what the words of the resolution in the reoo . I vere ; as the hon. member appeared to thi i c that, because ho voted for the omission of 11 > wordB " that day six months," ho was ia favo i . of tho principles contained in tho resolution. The SPEAKER thought the matter had coi > far enough. He trusted the matter would bj dropped. Mr. HEALES said it was not his intention t) fny much on tho present accasiou, as the ho i. member for Portland had merely stated that hi i only objeot was to satisfy himBelf as to some ex- pressions used by His Excellency in his addresi ; but thero was one statement put forirard by th) bon. member which, if not corrected, mieio allow a false impression to go abroad. T i > lion, member stated that thero was a gre»; discrepancy between the statements made br two of the members of the Goyernmo it as to tho deficiency in the roreuuo likely to arlu at the end of the present year. He would as'c hon. members to refor their memories towhio had beon said, and ho thought they would agr JJ with him that tho two statements were co n patiblo. The hon, the Treasurer stated, that up to that timo, for the purpose of getting a revenus, it was necessary to place more land in thi market than tho time whioh had elapsod woul I i miction tho Government in doing, and that if tho land sales wero continued in tho samo mann ¡r to the end of the year there would vbe a del ciency of about £70,000. The Présidant o! Lnnds and Survey stated that it was thi intention of the Government to keep fai.li with the Parliament, and to soil merely G0O.O)) acres of land, and that there would then be i deficiency of -200,000. He would put it to ho i. membors whether the Government woro not jus i tied in selling a larger quantity of land, for 111 purpose of havinç a full trial of freo selectio i under tlio Land Bill ? Under those oircumstanc i < a larger quantity was sold, but it was not fi i intention of the Governmont to go on at th i hame rato, but only to keep faith and sell wh ii they promised. By doing that it was estimato 1 by his colleague that the deficiency would b i greater than was anticipated by the Treasqrdr. Tbo discrepancy stated to exisl, therefore, wn only charged for the purposos of misrepresent i tion, and would not bear tho interpretation p ii «pon it by the hon. member for Portlanl. Tho hon. member for Kilmore had displaya I tomo warmth when he charged tho Government with not being in a position to place the Esti- mates before the House ; but he should recolle J . that sixty days onlauvero allowed to the prese it Governmont for doing what tho hon. mombil took a period of seven months to accomplish, ("No ;" and " Hear, hoar,") Tho records woul I show that, unless, indeed, the hon. member wr inclined to havo recourse to what was alwayi made by some gentlemen their excuse - namely, that ho was misreported, and to place himself beyond the journals of the House or the reports in the newspapers ; but ti: denied that the hon. membor tor Kilmore had any such right. If the hou. member wishol to havo that right, why then let him have it: but let it bo clearly unders'ood that he had it, and his statements oould thon be taken for wini they were worth. (Hear, hear.) That boa, member had had seven months to do that which he complained had not beon dono by the pro90iii Ministry, and if he did not require that timo why had ho taken it ? and he would add, that th; history of thoso seven months did not show thal they had been spent to the advantage ol flic country. (Hear, hear.) He had littlo doub that he would be able to BIIOW that his ool leagues had done moro real work in two month than the hon. member for Kilmore and hi Ministry had done in seven. But that hoa member would moko it appear that he and hi friends were the only party who possessed am money, and who ought to be entrusted wit! the affairs of tho country; but he wouli ask the hon. member what he meant b such assertions? Did he mean that other were unable or unwilling to pay what the; owed ? That at least was the nature of his stats' ment. Ho (Mr. Healcs) was not thero for th purpose of pointing out members on his own sid< of the House, and contrasting them with morn bers on tho other side, but ho maintained that whatevor might be the wealth of hon. membon on the other side of the House, his own sup porters had just as great a stake in the oountrj as their opponents, and just as much right ti interfere in the management of the affairs of thi country, (Hear, hear.) That was their adoptai country; they had mado it their home; am thereforo they had an equal right with others ti deviBO means, if thoy could, which wero hkol; to fOBtesr the best interests of the colony (Hear, hear.) What did the hon. mombo for Kilmore mean when he talked about oonceal ing the finanoial position of tho country ? If hon members would read Jffamard, at the time whei tho bon, member for Sandridge was in a simila position to that he (Mr. Heales) now oceu pied, they would find-that the speech of th non. > member for Kilmoro that night wa identical with the speech ho had delivered oi that occasion. (" Hear, hear," and laughter. Ho know that the hon. member for Kilmore wa a rich man-(Mr. O'shanassy- " No")-but h would tell him that with all his wealth, mo might be more patriotic than he was, an might have the true interests of the colony mor deeply at, heart than ho hod. (Hear, hear, And he would tell the bon. member alas that in discussions on questions affeoting the id terests of the colony, it would be well for th country if he and his frionds would meet th questions on their merits, instead of talking o their wealth ; and if they did so, they woul moro readily call forth tho sympathies of th people, bocause the day had come when th people would no longer be misled by Speeche made in the strain too often indulged in by th hon, member for Kilmoro and his friends (Hear, hear.) And'after all, for the rea purposes of legislation that party wer just as little capablo as their more povortj strioken brethren on his (Mr. Heales's) side of th House, ('» Hear, hesr ;" and a Voice-" Fa -less.-') - The hon., member for Kilmore had mad a demand for certain letters. What letters di ; be want ? Did he .want the letters whioh ha passed between the .Governmont and . the 'pi eounlry ? Let him call for what particular letter i want ed, and if they did not contain, anything" lhat it would be impolitic to make publio he would get them. ' But if they were letters whioh could" not bo1 divulged without injury to the colony, then he would be no party to their production. (Hear, hear.) And if the limit of prico put en the Bale of their debentures was to be Íreclaimed to the world before they were offered or sale, he would say that the han. member for Kilmore had no right to the production of any ilettërâîonrthe-subject, andhe.jv_puld not consent > io their publication. Thphon. momberperfectly;,, v eil knew that it was necesBary that the limits thould be fixed, and that had been done, but he would say, as a reflection on somo of the banks of the colony, that thoy had not main- tained the confidence reposed in them by iho Ministry. The Government had trans- mitted this limit through the banks, under [ the impression that they were dealing with honourable men, but when he found that the limitation had been made known by the hon. member for Richmond-whom, he regretted not to see in his place-ho could not help complaining that the trust roposed ly the Government in the banks had beau be- trayed. And it would bo for the hon. member for Richmond to explain how ho booome poi i CEEed of the knowledge hchad acquired. (Hear, hear.) The gentlemen on the other side of tho Bouse, and the bankers and squatters, were tcryfondof saying that the gentlemen on his tido of tho House wished rather to do away with than to proteot capital and property ; but he could toy, on behalf of his supporters, that that was neither a fair nor true statement. It was not their ,desire to destroy property ; but, on the controry, they were just as anxious OB their oppa nents to protect proporty, the bankers, and cnpital. (Hear, hear,) But the hon. member for Kilmore talked about the destruction of pro- perty in connexion with the occupation liconces. Be presumed tho hon. member meant that thoy ?would have a tendency to injure the capitalists | ef the colony. They might, it was true, have ion effect upon ono olass of the community, hut he was prepared to maintain that lheir issue would tend to the general welfare of tho country. Tho occupation liconces might effect a certain class in tho country ; but if the Government in working out a chango could prove tbajait would do good generally, although it might injuriously affect o certain class, thoy were jus tilled, he bold, in making that change. (Bear, hcai.) Although they might iniliot somo little injury, it was only fair that such should bo done if the country was to be benefited generally. (Hear, hear.) But he did not admit that the Government had ignored tho assem- bling of Parliamont in issuing those licences, end he maintained -that thoy had done right, legally and politically, in issuing the licences an Ihey had done ; and, further, that they would lave been unworthy of the offices they hold if lliey had not done just what they did. (Hoar, hear,) The wholo question appeared to bim to i est upon whother thCBO licences were legal or not, and the hon. member for Kilmore had not tenturcd uponthatquestion ; and certainly ho had no right to quarrel with the Government for not ecnuiig down and asking the permission of tho Beuso to do that which they belioved tiley had »hendy a perfect ri?ht to do. Tho lion, member would, in his opinion, havo boen tho first to cen luio them if thoy had first asked tho permission eif the House to carry out. the C8th clause of the Lnnd Aot. (Hear,hear.) He belioved that thoy led carried out that clause under proper advice ; und if non. members allowed the licences to bo gone on with, as thoy would be obliged to 'do, Ibcy would find that the people of the colony, and people yet to como into it, would derivo greater benefit from thom than they would havo done from tho administration of the Land Bill in tbo hands of tho bon. member for Kilmore and his friends. Ho had no doubt whatover that the occupation liconceo would contribute materially to the prosperity of tho colony. (Hear, hear,) Mr. K. BRODRIBB believed tbat the ques- tion ns to whether the occupation licences wera lepal or not was of a very grave nature, but ho would not now discuss it, becauso an opportu- nity would bo afforded him of speaking on the subject when tho motion of which tho lion, member for Villiers and Heytesbury had given notice carno under consideration. Ho would lavo sometbine to say on the subjeot, and ho lelieved that ho would bo able to iliow that IheEe HcenceB wara illegal. (Hear, hear.) Neither venid ho say anything then as to tho policy of these licences, except that he had formed a very strong opinion on tho subject, and he was clear as to their impohoy. (" Hear, hear ;" and "Oh, oh.") With regard to the question or payment of members, ho thought it strango that the Government ihould not have spoken in unmistakable lan- guage on the subject. On that question nlso bo held a strong opinion, which ho would be prepared lo express at the proper time. (Hear, hear.) Ile might question the right of tho bon. the Chief Secretary to consider himself a bettor Minister than the hon. member for Kilmore ; and certainly he, as a young, member of the House, vould rather havo heard from him somoihing on Iho finances of the country, thaniho raking up of old differences, which, however interesting to tho Chief Secretary, wero not so to him. ("Hoar," anil a laugh.) But Ministers had chosen lopostpono (ho subject ; and for himself ho ^orymuch re- gretted that the present was not an opportune rrcment to decide tho feeling of the House on Iho question. It waB important that tho House ihould arrive at a decision as to the legality or illegality of the occupation licences on an early day. Mr. BERRY could not help thinking that the gentlemen opposite had declined to take np the real question at issue, and having dono co, he thought it would have been quite as well if, after hearing the remarks of the hon. member for Portland, they had allowed the discussion to drop. But instead of doing so, it au reared to him that they had carried on the discussion as much for tho purpose of finding tut tho weak places of the Government sup- porter?, if there wore any, as for any other pur rose. But their attack had recoiled on them felves, and they had been defeated on all sides. He had little doubt that the Ministry would faithfully carry out their programme, nhieh thoy bad boldly adherod to that evening; and on two points he would like to seo them go beyond their programme,-he meant as re- corded the establishment of a mint in "Vic- toria, and a national bank of issue, in con- nexion with which he would also fix a tax of something like five per cent, on tho issue of f 5 notes. With regard to the debentures, if the Ministry found it to be the case that they were not taken up in England, let them bring them back to the colony, and they would very soon be taken up. (" Hear, hear," and " Oh. oh.") There could be no doubt of it ; and be bad only to re- mind them that there was something like £7,000,000 in tho colony bearing no interest, to show that, there need be little fear that the debentures would not bo taken np in Victoria. In conclusion ho congratulated the Ministry on Iho bold manner in which they had adhered to their programme, and whioh com' pletely refuted the reportB which had been rpread to tbeir disadvantage. He was also wo! pleased when he looked around bim and san the position taken up by the supporters of the Government, which no less refuted tho rumour; vihich bad been in circulation regarding a numbai of them. (Hear, hear.) He would also impresi upon the Ministry the fact, that hundreds oi thousands of personB wero waiting anxiousl. io seo how they dealt with the moro importan questions embraced in their programme. (Hear hear.) The SPEAKER then put the question, that ai addreBS be presented to His Excclioncy. The motion was agreed to, , Mr. EDWARDS moved tbat a committee bl appointed to prepare the address; the coramitto to be composed as follows: -Mr. Heales, Mr A spinal], Mr. Frazer, Mr. Richardson, Mr. Gray Mr. Flint, and the mover. Mr. FLINT seconded the motion, Tho motion was put, and agreed to, and thi cemmittee thereupon retired to prepare th address. - , The committee having returned, after th lapse of about a quarter of an hour, Mr. .EDWARDS brought up the following ad dreBS : " To His Excellency Sir Henry Barkly, Knigh Commander of the Most Honourable Order o the Bath, &o.; "Wo, Her Majesty's faithful subjects, th members of tho Legislative Assembly of Victoria in Parliament assembled, desire lo express ou loyalty to our most gracious Sovereign, and ti thank your Excellency for having called th Parliament together, in order to prevent an embarrassment to the financial arrangements o' the country. i " We desire to express our satisfaction that notwithstanding the shortness of the period tha bas elapsed since the dissolution of the lat Assembly, several important bills will "bo laii r-eforo us, _ Wo beg to assuro your Excellent ,tbat they will receivo our careful consideration^ " Our earnest attention will be çiven to sucl mensures as it is the intention of your Excel Iency*6 advisers to introduce prior to thoprepa ration of the Estimates. Th'o Estimates, whei transmitted to us, will receive our soriouB con «¡deration, ' ' " We rejoioo at tho assurance given t IIB .by your Excellency that tho intro ¿notion of the occupation and cúltivatíoi licences has proved most beneficial, and that i has been deemed expedient to extend the ad vantages of the system 'to persons-who may b I desirous of engaging in agricultural pursuits. " We join with yotlr Excellency in trusting th« Ibis, which is now tho most liberal land system i tbo Australian colonies, will be duly appreciatp I and extensively adopted by our own populntioi J and that.it may 'bo' al powerful attraction 'o ii tending emigrants to mako thi» favoured lan their home. We concur with your Excellency that it is not too much to hope that the pros Íerity of the country, retarded by the want of , Bcilities for settling on the soil, will rapidly ad- vance under the operation of this new system. " Wo shall give our best attention to the measures which it is proposed to submit for our consideration-for the establishment of county cenncils, for the re-organization of the Civu Service, for the better administration of justice, for tho management of the gold-fields, for autho- rising and regulating mining on private property, io Eecmrë'rjompe-Bation to the families of persons hilled by mining accidents,"and for the amend- ment and consolidation of tho laws'relnting to mining partnerships. ' "> "We concur in the expediency of awaiting the îepoct of the commission appointed to-inquire into the operation of Mr. Torrens'Act in South Australia before the introduction of any measure 'for tho amendment of the law affecting the transfer of real property. " The bills for the establishment of local insol- vency courts, for the abolition of state-aid to religion, to consolidate the administration of the systems of public instruction under one board, for oreduotion of the export duty on gold, and for facilitating tho establishment of distilleries, and lessening the duty on spirits distilled in Vic- toria, will receive our earnest consideration. " We participate in the general conviction that the inadequacy of our incomo from existing sources to meet our expenditure, and the imper- fect development of industries for which facilities exist in this country, render it expedient that (he tariff should be reconsidered by Parliament, with the double object of raising a. sufficient revenuo and, by a judicious rearrangement of our imposts, affording to our industrial interests the incidental advantages derivablo from dutiej imposed on such articles as compete with our products rather than on those which do not. The propositions to bo submitted to Parliament for realizing these objeots will havo our most earnest consideration. " We unito in the hope that tho removal of the impediments that have hitherto existed to settle- ment on the public domain, and the encourage- ment to our industrial interests which the measures proposed by your Excellency's advisers will afford, will, by inspiring confidence in tho future of tho colony, revive immigration and restore prosperity. " We thank your Excolloncyfortho information conveyed to us by your Excellency, that the action taken by your advisors bus induced the Imperial authorities to extend the postal money order Bystem to this colony, and that the whole of the arrangements for bringing it into practical operation will be completed by the close of the present year. " Wo shall give our serious attention to ths bill for the amendment of the constitution of the Legislative Council. "Wo concur with your Excellency that tha impossibility of otherwiso securing the adequato representation of the country in Parliament re nders it expedient that members should be cempensated for their services during their at- tendance on their duties, and that the manner of carryinct the principle into effect is a, question w hich Parliament alone can determine. " The bill for tho amendmont and consolida- tion of the laws relating to municipal institutions will receivo our careful attention. " We desire, in conclusion, to assure your Excellency that the subjects to which you have called our attention will receivo our most earnest consideration ; and wo join your Excellency in prayer to God that He may prosper our deliber- ations and direct our decisions." Mr. EDWARDS moved that the address be adopted and presented to His Excellency. The motion was agreed to. Mr. HEALES then said that His Excellency would be prepared to receive the address at three o'clock p.m. on the following day. Ho moved that tho Speaker do present the address at that hour. The motion was carried ; and the Houso thon adjourned till three p.m. on the following (this) day. 