ABERDEEN.. ?A-t eight o'clock on St. Patrick's morning a ?beautiful altar was 'Solemnly dedicated ito the glory of kGod and in honour of St. Patrick An the new church, St. Mary's of the Assumption, by the Rev. W. Stopani. The arev. gentleman having blessed the altai, said that -the Church, in teaching her children to erect altars to the Most High, .taught ui to:place them undei tbe patronage of the Immacu late Mary, or of some of the Angels or Saints. By ithe prayers of our J&eiy; Mother, which 5e ever (vivified by the spirit of God, by the recital of the suspired .canticjes or .tne itoyai rropdvet, t-gr the sprinkling of that blessed water which ifi intended Co sanctify, he Jiad dedicated that altar to the -service ..of&od.; lie asked muter whose patronage wa£ it put.? To whose guardianship was it committed f To .that of -St. Patrick, ttie great and glorious Apostle of Ireland. And justly may Ireland's sons he proud of such a patron. Like another St. Paul, he went to the visible representative of his Divine Master., and drank from the fountain-head the pure waters of Divine Faith. He grasped with avidity the blazing torch of Heaven-born mysteries, and hastened to spread its light over a remote part of the world. From the Eternal City he went gifted with episcopal dignity and episcopal juriidiction. On his head rested the holy hands cf St. Celestine, the Vicar of Jesus Christ, and from him he went forth burning with the zeal of an Apo6tle to preach Christ crucified to a Pagan nation. Well had he promulgated the truths of religion, and deep weie they sown in the hearts of his people, which neither persecution nor pestilence couH destroy. No ; for when they arose, it was only to scatter the seeds which had vastly multiplied to the most distant sorners of the world, that there also much fruit might be produced. To St. Patrick, then, were they and thousands upon thousands indebted for the faith. Me had rescued them from the darkness of unbelief, and - led them forth from tbe night of barbarism tp the bright sunshine of | Christianity. He asked them to praise and glorify God for the saintly ministry of St. Patrick. So long as the Church defies the machinations of earth and hell, so long will she revett and do honour to the memory of her noble children, and teach her off I spring to look up to such examples of true devotion. I Tbe rev. gentleman begged of those present to imi I tate the virtues of the holy saint, and to practice I what he and the Church taught them to do at this I Paschal time, and by acting thus they would prove I themselves true disciples of the great Apostle. ? 'While I proceed, said he, to offer up on this Altar I the Eternal Son of the living God, bumbled under ' the euchuistic veil, let you: fen eat thanksgiving! be borne by Angels before the Throne of God, praising him for all the favours he showered down on St. Patrice, and through him upon you. Sup plicate the Almighty that He will bless .you still more and more, and -confirm you in faith and in every good work unto the end, that at a future day you way be found worthy to .jjrwn with the whole ' ChuTch Triumphant in the everlasting hymn of ? glory and thanksgiving to that;-&od; who is blessed for ever. Tin* AHar and a life.aize stetue of the Saint are gifts to the Church from Irish members«sf the con- ' gregation. ' The statue stands -on the epistle side of the IHigh Altar within the nave, and opposite that of St. Nicholas, .patron of Aberdeen. The service was ! very interesting. The music was excellent, thanks ? to Miss Eraser, the accomplished organist of the' children's morning choir, wfoose gratuitous efforts i have done much for Catholic music. The hymu - 'Come HolyiGhost' was the openine piece, and after the 'Dedication, ' Faith of our Father.' A - 'Kyrie andGloria of Mozart's, with 'Credo and the other paTts of the Mass, were likewise sung. At 6 ti'-clock p.m., the Rev. I. Sutherland gave as his text, 'If any of you will become my disciples, let him deny himself, and take up his cross and follow me.'—Tdblet. 