COWRA [FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.] Wednesday, the 12th of February, 1861, will long be remembered at Cowra as the dawn of a new era in social advancement. That day will be remembered at Cowra as the day in which our new Steam Mill set a-going. It started I may say, in the presence of the whole available force of the town and district. Early in the morning it was evident that a larger muster might be expected, as hour after hour brought its quota of honest men and bonny lassies to take a part in the expected festivities. Another feature in the day's proceedings was the trial and condemnation of two of the leading rioters, a report of whose examination I sent you by that night's post. Four o'clock was given as the hour when the mill was to be started. As the time approached many well-dressed ladies and others thronged the mill to gaze upon the (to many or them) stupendous machinery, and nothing could sur- pass the urbane and gentlemanly civility all experienced at Mr. Chrightons hands. In order to acquire some knowledge of the steam and its properties, I would suggest to the young men of Cowra to request Mr. Crighton to deliver a Lecture on the subject before he leaves Cowra; but to resume. All arrangements for start- ing having been completed, about half-past 4 the steam-whistle sounded; the alarm, and a general rush took place to the spot. Another alarm having sounded the company stationed themselves in the engine- room and ground-floor of the Mill. Mrs. Neville, the excellent sister of the proprietors (Messrs. Walsh,) then advanced to her allotted station, (as sponsor) carrying the Champagne in her hand, supported on the left by the Engineer, on the right by the Architect and Contractor of the building, and followed closely by Mr. John Loudon, (himself an old engineer,) and who had been appointed to give the signal to start. All ready, the word was given and slowly and steadily the huge flywheel began to move, whizz went the other parts and the Engine was in motion. Mrs. Neville then struck the laying- shaft in connexion with the engine's crank, with the bottle (smashing not the shaft, but the bottle,) naming at the same time her stalwart child. " The Cowra Steam Mill," round went the cogs, crash went the two-pair of stones, steam is up, and the Engine on her speed. Then cheer upon cheer arose, the com- pany joining in the joyous congratulations. The engine did its work beautifully, not a jar or quiver was perceptible, smoothly and silently it performed its allotted task, and the whole opera- tion of grinding was done with a clockwork regu- larity, beautiful to behold. The engine was kept at full speed for some time, and all went merry as the marriage bell, some jovial gentle- man singing out - "Oh, merry maid be that marries the miller, For fine and fair day he is aye bringing till her." Steam was then eased off, and the company ad- journed to partake of a substanial luncheon provided by the proprietors. Amongst the company assembled we observed the Rev. H. Murphy, George Campbell, Esq., J.P., N. Connolly. Esq., A. Lynch, Esq., J.P., one of the oldest and most respected patriarchs of our district, E.M. Markham Esq., and the I residents in the town and district, together with a numerous assemblage of ladies; but more of them bye-and-bye. The gentlemen were summoned to the lunch tables, and for a time mirth and jollity prevailed. N. Connelly Esq. then called for a bumper, and in proposing the healths of the spirited proprietors of the Cowra Steam Hill, dwelt at considerable length and much force on the advantages likely to accrue to the town and district of Cowra from that day's proceedings, and characterising the undertaking as one of the highest spirit and enterprising con- cluded by wishing every speed to the Cowra steam mill, and trusted that it would not only prove beneficial to the district, but remunerative to the proprietors; a sentiment in which he was sure he was heartily joined by all present. Mr. Thomas Walsh thank the company for their good wishes towards the success of the mill, and expressed himself as highly gratified by the large muster now met to do his brother and himself so much honor, and he trusted that now they had met they would enjoy themselves, and concluded his very modest reply by inviting them all (particularly the ladies) to the ball in the evening. Mr. Lynch then proposed the health of the architect, (Mr. Gell) , the contractor, (Mr. McEwan) and the engineer, (Mr. Crighton). dwelling with his usual force and facetiousness on the merits and magnitude ot the undertaking, in which these three gentlemen had been engaged; hs idea of the matter was that it was first class A1 in fact, Mr. Gell made a gentlemanly and appropriate reply, followed by Mr. Crigh- ton for self, and Mr. McEwan thanking those present for the personal kindness they had shown him, a stranger, amongst them, and trusting that all present would lose no time in sending their grist to the Cowra steam mill, so as to enable the proprietors to keep up the steam. Mr. R. McDiarmid then called for bumpers, and in proposing, the health of Mrs. Neville con- grutulated that lady and the company upon the stalwart child they had that day seen ushered into existence ; he pronounced the Cowra Steam Mill as second to none out of Sydney, and passed a well merited compliment upon the proprietors and workmen employed in the erection. Mr. Patrick Walsh returned thanks for his sisters briefly and with much sense and feeling. The health of the clergy was than proposed by Mr. Gell. To which Mr. Murphy responded in a speech of considerable length and Christian spirit, expressing his pleasure at being present at the opening of the mill, which he hoped I would prove a blessing to the inhabitants of the district. His reverence passed a high elogium on the unanimity that he had always seen take place at Cowra on any public occasion, and trusted they would always remain on the same friendly footing. The reverend gentleman's address was listened to throughout with ernest attention. Mr Patrick Walsh then proposed the health of Messrs. Chapman brothers of Sydney, Engineer, the manufacturers of the machinery of the Cowra Mill. This was responded to by Mr. Crighton as their representative here, who remarked that he was much obliged by the warm manner in which the names of his em- ployers had been received, and assured the assemblage that he would duly convey to Messrs. Chapman the gratifying tribute they had born them. He (Mr. C ) was also happy to assure the meeting that Messrs Chapman were ready to supply them with machinery of any kind and description, and of material. warranted to work, and be of good workmanship. He concluded his remarks by trusting that the Cowra Steam Mills would prove a benefit to the district, and show to the people of the Lachlan and Cowra district, the material of which Chapman brothers compose their workmanship. The oratory over, the real and substantial busi- ness of the lunch went on with a steadiness equalled only by the engine itself, after which the company dispersed, highly gratified with the days proceedings. The gentlemen then took to the rigging, the ladies to the busking, and for some hours the mysterious and sacred operation of the toilet, went on in preparation for THE BALL. This brilliant affair came off on the third floor of the mill, which was tastefully decorated with flowers and evergreens, the production of the younger members of Mrs. Neville's family, and did much credit to their skill and taste. At nine o"clock, the company began to assemble, and having received a highly flattering invitation from the host and hostess in the evening at half past nine, we donned our kids and proceeded to the Ball room, on entering which the Coup d' veil was to a nervous man like your corres- pondent quite overpowering. A perfect cataract of loveliness met upon my view, having some- what recovered my scattered, (which the sudden scene had all but sent to the right about) I ventured to look round me and making a most extraordinary attempt at my best bow, advanced into the room and found that I stood in the presence of the elite of the district, amongst whom I recognised the lady of our respected local member and Miss Watt, Mrs. McDiarmid. Misses M. and A. Pettigrin, Miss Jane Rose and Miss Emily Flanagan. Miss Kirkpatrick, Miss Malley, Miss Ousby, the Misses Clark of Cowra, Miss Clark and Miss Moore of Carcoar, Mrs. & Miss Markham, Miss Robinson, Mrs. Crighton, Mrs Ousby, and fifty others that I could name would space allow; amongst the gentlemen I observed N. Connolly, Esq., JP., A. Lynch, Esq., JP., Mr. Markham, Mr. McDiarmid, Mr. T.R. Watt, Mr. J. West, (younger of Cudgegong,) and Mr N.E. and W. Watt, Mr. J. and J. Ousby, Messrs . Walsh, McEwen, and Crighton, and scores of others seemingly intent on making a night of it. A little before 10 o'clock dancing commenced, your humble correspondent taking his stand in the first set. A magnificent quadrille of 40 mem bers; the music struck up, and at it we went with a will. This splendidly arranged dance occupied the whole extent of the Mill floor, 24 feet by 43, the ladies engaged were some of the loveliest of that lovely assemblage; the favoured gentlemen some of the most determined and spirited dancers in the district. We were fortunate beyond our deserts in the choice and engage- ment of our partners, and what with the strains of the music, the rush of nimble feet, the rustle of the splendid dresses, the bows and the wreathed smiles of our merry partners, we enjoyed more than I can describe. "There was a sound of revelry that night, for Cowra's capital had gathered there her beauty and her chivalry." The first set over, the business of the evening went on with increaing vigour and dance succeeded dance till, Hark! "A sound upon the ear is borne, What shall we from our deities, be torn Ye gods from regions round, below, and upper, Protect us—gad that sound proclaims the supper— Our godesses descend, like very benchers, And mortal like, begin to clear their trenchers Fowls in a most mysterious way take fright, Roast ducks, and turkeys, join them in their flight— Tongues speak their last, and hams are hams no more, And champagne steers where ne'er it went before Confections melt beneath our ardent gaze, And tarts give up the ghost ; and end their days— Port wine and sherry, London, Dublin stout, Flash and expire mid revelry and rout— Pale gets paler, brandy loses body, And stubborn whisky sinks to potent toddy— Rum drowns itself in punch, and ginger beer, Pops his announcement, fiz ! behold I'm Peaches expose their bloom, then with good gumption, Quickly expire with galloping consumption— Apples display their cheeks, are kissed then die, Proud to expire 'neath beauty's beaming eye— Knives prove sharp blades, and forks are down- right stickers, And feist and Batty prove most famous pricklers Dull Staffordshire, steps out, and swells the clatter, By furnishing the far famed willow platter— Carvers exhibit skill, their work when done, Rout mighty rounds, who farely cut and run— The feast is o'er and Tarras Halls are dim. There erst bright denizens, what, oh what of them ?— Yonder they rise from earth, fast change their places, Become again, all gauses, garters, laces,— They mount from earth, and as they soar on high, What ravishment awaits the daring eve— Poised between heaven and earth, all smiles no tears, Brighton the upturned sight a Paradise appears— On still clad legions mounting to the sky, Rain down enjoyment in the roving eye— A moment, flutter on the brink, in well fained fear, Then blushing on their lovers, disappear— We reach the clouds our dieties engaging, Then mirth resumes its place, quite fast and We spurn the boards, and as we bate the flure, Enhail ambrosial perfunes, mixed with stour— O, with the dance the circling night complete. No rest till dawn, when youth and beauty Such indeed was the case, for the happy party did not break up till (to use the usual style) Sol gave the signal to retire. No accident occurred nor did any unseemly disturbance mar the festive day, and thus ended the 12th of February, 1861, as Cowra. 