VICTORIA TURF CLUB A UTUMR MEETING. I Kinsr Dav.—Thursilny, 21st March. the rain which has fallen within the last two days has converted the race course into little better than a morass, andtherunning ground as well as the approaches to the Grand Stand by any other mode than the 11 ail way are more or less under water. The attendance was most miserable and sooner or later the propriety of curtailing the number of race meetings held during the year will be'mani fest even to those most interested in the ex isting state of things. The arrangements of the Melbourne and Essendou Railway Com pany are now complete and without any de itcntionthe passenger entering the train at the Spencer-street terminus is put down upon the hill at thcrearof the Graud Stand, the only portion of the race course free from the moisture so redundant around it. The racing presented no features deserving of special comment. The heavy naturo of the course somewhat spoiled the hooks of the bettiug fraternity, who backed the Colonel to win, but found themselves at fault, and dropped their money more freely than pleasant. The events are described iu their order below. Maiden Plate of 50 sovs. Entry, 3 govs. Mile and a half. Weights: Three yrs old, 8st 41b; four yrs, fist 91b; five yrs, lOst; six and aged, IOst 41b. Mr Forth's b g Lancaster, 3 yrs (Haines) • .. 1' MrG. Watson's b g Stockman, 4 yrs, (llobinson) ... 2 Mr A. Chirnside'a gr m Mystery, 6yra .. 3 Mr H. Phillips's eh g Prattler, 3 yrs ..4 Mr J. Henderson ns b m Casfcign, aged .. 0 Mr J. Henderson ns bl m I.ucretia, 5 yrs .. 0 Mr J. Grant's b g Tarras, aged ... 0 The lead was,taken by Tarras, wlio was waited upon by both Prattler and Lancaster until on tbe straight running, when Lan caster made a spurt and came to tlie front, closely followed by Stockman, the former winning easily by a couple of lengths. Mystery camo in third, and Prattler fourth. Lucretia was tailed off from the starting and remained in the rear throughout the race. Lancaster was the favorite. All Aoe Stakes,, ot 100 sow Entry 6 sovs. Mile. Weights: Twoyrs old, Gst 51b; three ■yrs old, Sst 91b; four yrs old, 9st 111b; five yrs old, lOst lib; six yrs and aged, lOst lib. Mr II. Fisher's gr h Sir James, 4 yrs, ' (Simpson) ... 1 Mr Jeffrey's clic Colonel, 3 yrs (Waldock)... 2 Mr J. Henderson ns b g Miepherdess, 3 yrs... Mr J. Coldham's br g Western,. 5 yrs, by Johanna—May Queen ... 0 Mr J. Coldham's b f Grey Dawn, 3 yrs ... scr Mr P. Tozer's b g Mariner, aged . ... scr For this event Grey Dawn and Mariner were scratched. The betting men wcro very sweet on tbe Colonel, who was booked as a sure card to win;, but beforo a start was effected there appeared to be a disposition in some quarters to hedge; Some friends of Mr Fisher expressed themselves as " cock shure" of their horse being "all there." The race, scarcely deserving the name, was won in a canter by Sir James, who sprang off with tho lead, and improving his position very soon demonstrated that Waldock had not the ghost of a chance. Tho Colonel was a very bad second, Shepherdess an indifferent third, and Western thereby saved his dis tance. Sellixg Stakes, of 50 sovs; entry, 5 sovs. Mile and a half. Weight for age. The winner to be sold for L100; any surplus to go to the fund. If entered to be sold for LSO allowed 71b, 1.70 141b, 1,50 211b, L30 281b. Mr A. Cbirnside's br g Haphazard, (L50) aged, Sst81b (Mitchell) ..1 Mr S. Cole's b m Mountain Maid, (L50) 4 yrs, 7st 131b (Haines) .. Mr T. Messiter's b g Doctor,' (L50) aged, Sst 81b ■ Mr J. Morrison's b m Lucy Glitters, (L50) 5 yrs, 8st 41b .. 0 Mr J. Key's b g Firetail, (L30) aged, 8st lib 0 Mr E. Harvey's br m Wattle Blossom, (L30) 4 yrs, 7st 61b ...si MrYeend'sbr c Donation, (1,50) 3 yrs, 6st Ulb .. s The betting was in favor of Haphazard. "Wattle Blossom and Donation were scratched. Lucy' Glitters took the start. Mountain Maid and Habazard well up, but waiting a favorable opportunity. Haphazard went to the front, and with Mountain Maid raced to the post. Haphazard winning by a length. The winner was bought in by her owner for £70. ' Citv Handicap, of 100 sovs. Mile and a"- half Acceptances S sovs. Mr J. It Cowell's gr g Gaffer Grey, Jaged, 81b 131b ... 1 Mr J. Henderson ns b U Mormon, 5 yrs, 9st 71b ... 2 Mr J. Henderson ns ch m Dispatch, 6 yrs, 9st 3 Mr K. F. Greene's b h The Thames, by King ston, S yrs, 8st 91b ... 0 Mr F. Tozer's b h Mariner, aged, 8st 31b ... 0 Mr J.,Lamb's b g Attila, aged, Sst ... 0 Mr J. Morgan's g g Toryboy, 3 yrs, set lib... 0 Mr H.-Yeend's b.c Mansfield-Boy, 3 yrs, fist 71b . ... 0 Mr A. Bromfield's b p g Monkey, G yrs, fist 41b 0 Mr J. Coldbam's br m Twilight, aged, 8st 21b' 0 The Thames led Gaffer in second position, with Mormon and Dispatch well in baud in the rear. The rnce proved too severe for the Thames, who fell back, but the relative posi tion of ,the other animals was not altered, Gaffer winning by some lengths. Handicap Hdudde IIace, of 100 sots ; entrance, fi sovs. Twice round the course. Mr G. Watson's b g Try Me, nged, 8st 121b .. 1 Mr H. Yeend's ch m Miss Wildspin, 0 yrs, 9st 2 Mr J. Kcys's gr m Modesty, aged, 12st .. 0 Sir O.Watson's be Barton, aged, lOst Gib .. 0 Mr J. Forbes's b g Cadger, aged, 9st 71b ... 0 This was a capital race—Modesty, Try Me, Barton and Miss Wildspin running together three-fonrths of the course. Modesty was the first to fall behind, evidently quite beaten with the pace. Wheu near home a smart race ensued between »Try Mo and Miss Wildspin, in which Barton did not choose to participate, probably from Watson desiring to win with another horse; a near shave, however, his animal, Try Me, only winning by a length. This closed the day's sports. 