CHICHESTER CATHEDRAL. The cathedral consists of a nave, and choir and transepts, forming the cruciform plan usually adopted in buildings of its class. At the east end is attached a lady chapel, now used as the cathedral library, and at the west end there were two towers, though one of them became ruinous, and was removed during the last century. This cathedral has usually been classed among our smaller and least interesting cathedrals ; but, nevertheless, in the massive and lofty detached belfry tower, in the unusual arrangement of double aisles to the nave, and, above all, in the spire, placed in the centre of the building, rising to a height of 272 feet, and only surpassed in altitude by two other spires in the kingdom, it possesses features which, in the opinion of those who have much studied it, raise it to a higher rank of estimation than it has generally enjoyed. It is this last and most striking feature, the spire, the fall of which has just occurred. In the autumn of 1859 certain alterations were determined upon in memorial of the late Dean. The object was to remove the fittings of the choir, to which part of the building the performance of Divine service had been hitherto confined, and to make the whole church as far as possible available for the use of the congregation. No alteration of the structure of the building was contemplated. The removal of the fittings, such as the pews, pulpit, and wood floors, stalls, and organ gallery, was accordingly proceeded with. The organ gallery was placed across the church, nearly under the western arch of the four which supported the spire, and had under it a stone screen, commonly known as Bishop Arundel's shrine, and this completely shut off the nave from the central and eastern part of the cathedral. The shrine formed no part of the construction of the building, being, in fact, four centuries newer than the walls near which it stood, and with which it was wholly unconnected. The removal of the stall work and shrine disclosed some serious defects in the supports of the great western arch of the tower. The four arches and their piers, or supports, belonged to the work erected at the end of the 12th century, and were, therefore, more than 700 years old. The tower was added about the year 1200, and the spire was placed upon it about 200 years later. The piers bore the enormous addition of weight with difficulty, and settlements and displacements have occurred at various periods, particularly about the supports of the south-west corner. Those discovered on the removal of the fittings were like the old fractures which had long been open to observation, and accordingly excited no apprehensions j but it was subsequently found that the western piers were split vertically, and the stones much crushed and fractured. The necessary reparation was immediately commenced. As a precaution, strong framing of timber were placed under the west, north, and south arches, which, up to the last moment, exhibited no sign of weakness whatever. In November last some part of the new work in the north-west pier was observed to yield slightly, having then been finished about a month, and a slight movement was also detected in the south-west pier, certain of the old fissures extending themselves thereby into the new work. These were carefully watched, and it was believed that when time sufficient should have passed to allow the new work, which had been constructed in " has" mortar, to solidify they would be un- important. On the 14th inst. a change was observed ¡ cracks in the south-west and north-west piers began to enlarge, and it was determined at once to erect additional supports to the piers. Active measures were adopted. After the usual Sunday services on the 17th in the nave, which had been temporarily screened off, the church was taken possession of by the workmen, who have, with but little intermission, pursued their task by night and day down to the hour of the final catastrophe. It soon became evident that the heart or core of the piers was rotten ; the task of sustaining on each pier a weight exceeding 1,400 tons thrust forward the facing on every side, and when the masonry was restrained in one place by props and shores the restraint caused it _ to bulge on the adjoining surfaces faster than it was possible to apply remedies. The terrific storm of wind on Wednesday night caused these difficulties to increase with alarming rapidity, but the efforts of 60 workmen appeared still to offer some possibility of ultimate success when, at three and a half hours past midnight, they quitted the building. On their return, however, after less than three hours' absence, it was found that the shores and braces exhibited many signs of suffering from the enormous strains to which they had been subjected. The force of men was increased, and various expedients to strengthen what was strained were put in requisition, The crushing and settlement of the south-west pier had caused a serious pressure on the top of the south-east and north-west piers, the entire separation of the church walls from the western supports of the tower had become evident, heavy stones burst out and fell the core of the south-west pier poured out, crushed to powder, and the workmen were cleared out of the building and the noble spire left to its fate at a quarter past 1. Not more than a quarter of an hour later the tower and spire fell to the floor with but little noise, form- ing a mass of near 6,000 tons of grain in the centre of the church, and carrying with it about 20 feet in length of the end of the nave, and the same of the transepts and choir, The spire, in its fall, at first inclined slightly to the south-west, and then sank gently into the centre of the building. The appearance of the fall was that of a large ship quietly but rapidly foundering at sea. Too much praise cannot be accorded to the men, who worked with little intermission from 5 o'clock on Sunday evening till 1 o'clock on Thursday. This sad catastrophe will be the cause of deep regret, not only in Chichester and the neighbourhood, where this elegant and lofty spire was more immediately an object of the greatest interest, but also to the inhabitants of the country at large, who, we cannot doubt, will unite in a general effort to restore to this cathedrals its pristine beauty. In a downfall of so large a magnitude it is a subject of the greatest thankfulness to Almighty God that no lives have been sacrificed Times, A PüoTOORAi-nio DANQUO.-A certain small photograph, about the size of of our visiting cards of which strange tales are told, is now selling in large numbers all over Italy. It is the portrait of an Italian soldier, who, having attempted the life of a lung, was cruelly executed. For some time previous to his downfall, it is said that this photograph, like Banquo's ghost, haunted the tyrant. Mysterious. enough, and in defiance of all precautions, it is said to have met his eyes at all hours and in all places, until there seems something supernatural, and ominous in its ever-recurring presence. When he knelt before the Virgin's shrine, in his morning prisons, there, about the neck of the image, hung this photograph. When he attended mass, and opened his missal, there was the soldier's portrait. Atdinuor, when he unfolded his napkin, out for the identical photograph, and when at night he retired to rest, within the well-guarded sanctuary of his slumbers, there, laid boldly upon the very pillow or his couch he found this liioturo.this strange production of an art which he had banished from his crime and terror haunted dominions. A Garibuldino, whom we have just welcomed back from his generous and dangerous labour in behalf of an enslaved country, showed us the portrait and said that it was thought in Italy that the King's singular flight from an enemy quite unable to purpose with his M oil organised and far more numerous forces, was to some extent attributable to the state of bewilderment and terror by light about by these unaccountable incidents. Be this true or not, certain it is that in consequence of the interest that, attached, to to the photograph in question, it is rapidly selling all over the newly liberated country. Most of the English Garibaldian have brought over one or more Photographic TineSy The following military appointments were recently announced ex-Captain Lord John Taylour, 85th Light Infantry, to be Aide-de-Camp to Sir John Young, Governor of New South Wales ; Brevet Major G. S. Whitmore, 62nd Regiment, who lately passed through the Staff College, to be Assistant Military Secretary, and Captain J. C. O'Neill, of the Bengal Army, to be Aide-de-Camp, to Lieut. General Cameron, commanding in New Zealand. MARINE RISKS. The underwriters here and elsewhere have raised the premium and per cent, on cargoes from the Southern ports of the United States, in order to cover the war 1 risk and other couttogenooa.-ZiWycoMMiff/». 