LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Tuesday, 3rd September, 1861. The SPEAKER attired in his robes of office took the chair at twelve o'clock. There were present Mr Humffray, Commissioner of Mines, Mr Haines, Mr Mollison, Mr Loader, Mr Davies, Mr McLellan, Mr K. E. Brodribb, Mr Kirk, and Mr Richardson. After a pause, The SPEAKER said: I will now proceed to present myself to his Excellency the Governor, at the Government House. Accordingly, preceded by the Sergeant-at-Arms bearing the mace, accompanied by the Clerks of the House, and followed by the members present, the Speaker proceeded to the Government House, where he was joined by Dr. Macadam, Post- master-General, Mr O'Grady, Mr Wilson, Mr Lalor, Mr Manifold, and Mr W. C. Smith. The Speaker being met by Captain Bancroft, was ushered by him to the reception room. His Excellency Sir Henry Barkly, attired in court costume and wearing the insignia of the most honorable Order of the Bath, was immediately in attendance. His Excellency courteously bowed to the Speaker and the members, and the greeting was in like manner returned. The SPEAKER said:—I have the honor to ac- quaint your Excellency that the Legislative As- sembly, in the exercise of their rights and privi- leges, have proceeded to the election of a Speaker, and although there are many hon. members in that Assembly more worthy than the individual who addresses you may be, they have done me the honor of choosing me. I beg, therefore, to present myself to your Excellency as Speaker to the Legislative Assembly. His EXCELLENCY, addressing Sir Francis Murphy, said— Mr Speaker, it gives me much pleasure to learn that you have been again elected by the representatives of the people to the Speakership of the Legislative As- sembly. The unanimous testimony thus borne to the ability, impartiality, and urbanity hitherto displayed by you, affords the surest guarantee for your continued success and the discharge of the important and onerous duties of that body. His Excellency then bowed and retired, and the Speaker accompanied by the hon. members returned to the House of Assembly. On the Speaker arriving at the House only Mr Humffray was present. The SPEAKER intimated that he had waited upon his Excellency, and he further communi- cated the speech which it had pleased his Excel- lency to address to him. Mr HUMFFRAY moved that the House do adjourn until a quarter to two o'clock. The SPEAKER put the motion, which was carried, and the House adjourned accord- ingly. On resuming. The Speaker took the chair with the customary formalities. The attendance of members was tolerably numerous. A few visitors were also now present, though compared with the Legisla- tive Council the aspect of the Assembly was but dreary. After a long pause a message was an- nounced from his Excellency the Governor. The Usher of the Black Rod was admitted to the Chamber by the Sergeant-at-Arms, and in- formed the Speaker that his Excellency requested the presence of himself and hon. members in the Chamber of the Legislative Council. The Speaker, with the Clerks of the House and hon. members in the same order as before, then left the House, and attended upon his Excellency. The Speaker returned at twenty-two minutes past two o'clock. The mace was laid on the table, but the Speaker vacated his seat, and without any formal motion for adjournment being put, the House did not resume until four o clock. At this time the portion of the Chamber re- served for strangers wore a gay and animated appearance. The right hand portion of the Speaker's gallery, appropriated to ladies, was filled, and the surplus number flowed over to the gentlemen's seats on the other side. The strangers' gallery was also full, and both outside and inside the Chamber, a con- siderable degree of bustle and expectation pre- vailed. Forty-three members were present, twenty of whom took their seats upon the Opposition, and twenty- three upon the Ministerial, benches. These numbers were afterwards considerably in- creased. COMMISSION FOR SWEARING IN MEMBERS. The SPEAKER, acquainted the House that he had received a commission from his Excellency the Governor authorising him to swear in new members. The Clerk of the House read the commission. At a subsequent period Mr FRAZER was sworn in, by virtue of the commission, as member for the electoral district of Creswick. The hon. member took his seat on the Ministerial cross benches. PAPERS. The SPEAKER announced that the hon. the Commissioner of Mines had presented certain re- turns under the Goldfields Acts. DECENTRALISATION BILL. Mr VERDON gave notice that on Tuesday, 10th September, he should move that the House resolve itself into a committee of the whole for the consideration of cer- tain resolutions on which to found a bill for the extension of local government in Victoria. The House would perhaps permit him to mention that he proposed to take the discussion upon the House going into committee. Therefore the bill should be circulated forthwith. (Hear, hear.) THE FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COLONY. Mr O'SHANASSY gave notice that on the following Tuesday he should move a resolution in relation to the financial affairs of the country. THE OCCUPATION LICENSES. Mr DUFFY gave notice that on Thurs- day, the 12th September, he should move a re- solution in relation to the recent issue of occupa- tion licenses by the Board of Land and Works. THE CHAIRMAN OF COMMITTEES. Mr GILLIES gave notice that on the following day he should move that Mr Lalor be appointed Chairman of Committees to the House. (Hear, hear.) PETITIONS. Mr L. L. SMITH presented a petition from certain lessees of oyster beds, praying for an alteration in the Oyster Fisheries Act. He moved that the petition be read. The Clerk of the House read the petition, which was ordered to lie on the table. Mr L. L. SMITH presented a petition, having a similar prayer, from certain shopkeepers and re- tailers of oysters. Ordered to lie on the table. NEW NOTICES OF MOTION AND QUESTIONS. Mr McCANN gave notice that the following day, he should ask the hon. the Chief Secretary, if he has any objection to lay upon the table of the House copies of any opinions that have been given by the law officers of the Crown, having reference to the power of the Corporation of Geelong to impose a tax upon vehicles. Mr W. C. SMITH gave notice that, the follow- ing Thursday, he should ask the hon. the Com- missioner of Public Works, whether he will place upon the table of the House a return, showing how and where the sum of three thousand pounds granted for the improvement of public parks has been distributed. Mr HEALES gave notice that, on the following day, he should move that Tuesday, Wednes- day, Thursday, and Friday in each week, be the days on which the Assembly shall meet for the despatch of business during the present session, and that four o'clock be the hour of meeting on each day. Mr HEALES gave notice that, on the following day, he should move that on Tuesday, Wednes- day, and Friday, in each week during the present session, the transaction of Government business take precedence of all other business. Mr HEALES gave notice that, on the following day, he should move that the following mem- bers do form the Printing Committee during the present session:—The hon, the Speaker, Mr McLellan, Mr Berry, Mr Richardson, Mr Levey, Mr Lalor, Mr Gillies, Mr Foott, and the mover— three to form a quorum. Mr HEALES gave notice that, on the following day, he should move that the following mem- bers form the Select Committee on Standing Orders:—The hon. the Speaker, the Chairman of Committees, Mr Duffy, Mr Snodgrass, Mr O'Sha- nassy, Dr Owens, Mr Brooke, Mr Gray, and Mr Aspinall—three to form a quorum. Mr HEALES gave notice that, the following day, he should move that the following members form the Refreshment Rooms Committee of the Assembly:—Mr Pyke, Mr Frazer, Mr Snodgrass, Mr Sullivan, Mr J. T. Smith, with power to confer with the committee of the Legislative Council. Mr HEALES gave notice that, the following day, he should move that the following members form the Library Committee during the present session, with power to confer with the committee of the Legislative Council:—The hon. the Speaker, Mr Edwards, Mr Mollison, Dr. Macadam, Mr Haines. Mr HEALES gave notice that, the following day, he should move that the following members do form the Building Committee of the Assembly, with power to confer with the Building Committee of the Council:—The hon. the Speaker, Mr Grant, Mr Duffy, Mr Don, and Mr Francis. Mr H. S. CHAPMAN gave notice that, the following Thursday, he should move for a copy of all correspondence relative to the removal of firewood from the Point at Schnapper Point. (Laughter.) BILL FOR THE RELIEF OF NEGLECTED CHILDREN. Mr HEALES, in accordance with Parliamentary practice, rose to move the first reading of a bill. He begged to move that a Bill for the Protection of Neglected Children, and for the Prevention of Crime by Children be read a first time. Mr GRANT seconded the motion, which was put and carried. Ths Bill was ordered to be read a second time that day week. THE ADDRESS TO HIS EXCELLENCY. The SPEAKER acquainted the House that he had that day, accompanied by the hon. members present, attended upon his Excellency, at the Legislative Council. His Excellency had delivered the following speech. (The Speaker then read the Governor's speech, which will be found in our re- port of the proceedings at the Legislative Council. The passage stating that Parliament would be consulted as to the mode of effecting the payment of members was ironically cheered by the Oppo- sition members, who were met by a counter demonstration from the Ministerial benches.) Mr EDWARDS had the honor of moving that an address be presented to his Excellency the Governor to express our loyalty to our Most Gracious Sovereign, and to thank his Excellency for having called the Parliament together, in order to prevent any embarrassment to the finan- cial arrangements of the country. To express our satisfaction that, notwithstanding the shortness of the period that has elapsed since the dissolution of the late Assembly, several important bills will be laid before us, to assure his Excellency that they will reccive our careful consideration. To assure his Excellency that our earnest attention will be given to such measures as it is the intention of his Excellency's advisers to introduce prior to the preparation of the Estimates. That the Estimates, when transmitted to us, will receive our serious consideration. To assure his Excellency we re- joice at the assurance given to us by his Excel- lency that the introduction of the occupation and cultivation licenses has proved most beneficial, and that it has been deemed expedient to extend the advantages of the system to persons who may be desirous of engaging in agricultural pursuits. To join with his Excellency in trusting that this, which is now the most liberal land system in the Aus- tralian colonies, will be duly appreciated and ex- tensively adopted by our own population, and that it may be a powerful attraction to intending emigrants to make this favored land their home. To concur with his Excellency that it is not too much to hope that the prosperity of the country, retarded by the want of facilities for settling on the soil, will rapidly advance under the operation of this new system. To assure his Excellency we shall give our best attention to the measures which it is proposed to submit for our considera- tion—for the establishment of County Councils— for the re- organisation of the Civil Service— for the better Administration of Justice—for the Management of the Gold-Fields—for authorising and regulating Mining on Private Property—to secure compensation to the families of persons killed by mining accident—and for the amendment and consolidation of the laws relating to mining partnerships; to express our concur- rence in the expediency of awaiting the report of the commission appointed to inquire into the operation of Mr Torrens' Act in South Australia, before the introduction of any measure for the amendment of the law affecting the transfer of real property; to assure his Excellency that the bills for the establishment of Local Insolvency Courts, for the abolition of State Aid to Religion, to con- solidate the administration of the systems of pub- lic instruction under one board, for a reduction of the Export Duty on Gold, and for facilitating the establishment of distilleries and lessening the duty on spirits distilled in Victoria, will receive our earnest consideration; to assure his Excel- lency we participate in the general convic- tion that the inadequacy of our income from existing sources to meet our expenditure, and the imperfect development of industries for which facilities exist in this country, renders it expe- dient that the tariff should be reconsidered by Parliament, with the double object of raising a sufficient revenue, and by a judicious rearrange- ment of our imposts affording to our industrial interests the incidental advantages derivable from duties imposed on such articles as compete with our products rather than on those which do not. The propositions to be submitted to Parliament for these objects will have our most earnest con- sideration. To express our hope that the removal of the impediments that have hitherto existed to settlement on the public domain, and the encouragement to our industrial interests which the measures proposed by his Excellency's advisers will afford, will, by inspiring confidence in the future of the colony revive immigration and restore prosperity. To thank his Excellency for the information con- veyed to us by his Excellency, that the action taken by his advisers has induced the Imperial authorities to extend the Postal Money Order system to this colony, and that the whole of the arrangements for bringing it into practical opera- tion will be completed by the close of the present year. To assure his Excellency we shall give our serious attention to the Bill for the Amend- ment of the Constitution of the Legislative Coun- cil. To express our concurrence with his Excel- lency that the impossibility of otherwise securing the adequate representation of the country in Parliament, renders it expedient that members should be compensated for their services dur- ing their attendance on their duties, and that the manner of carrying the principle into effect is a question which Parliament alone can deter- mine. To assure his Excellency that the Bill for the Amendment and Consolidation of the Laws relating to Municipal Institutions will receive our careful attention. In conclusion to assure his Excellency that the subjects to which he has called our attention will receive our most earnest consideration; and that we join his Ex- cellency in prayer to God, that he may pros- per our deliberations and direct our decisions. He was aware that, according to the usage of Parliament, the proposing of motions of the cha- racter of the one he had submitted, was always entrusted to one of the younger members of the House, who was expected to make his maiden speech (hear, hear) upon the questions set forth in the document itself. However, as he anticipated that no amendment would be moved upon the address, he did not intend to say more than that he cordially agreed with all of the articles of political faith mentioned in it. If an amendment were moved, which he did not anticipate, he would have an opportunity of reply, and of speaking further upon the questions. (Hear, hear.) Mr FLINT had great pleasure in rising to second the motion. In doing so he must say that he perfectly agreed with all that his friend the hon. member for Collingwood had said, and with him believed that it would be a waste of time to detain the House with any discussion upon the motion. Every principle stated in the address met with his approval, and he believed that the constituencies of the colony, or at least a majority of them, also approved of those principles. ("No," from the Opposition benches.) More especially was this the case with the mining districts, one of which he had the honor to represent. He could state, and would be borne out by the facts, that out of the thirty representatives granted to the mining districts, twenty-four had been returned agreeing with all the principles enunciated in the address. (Cheers from the Ministerial sup- porters.) He begged most cordially to second the motion. Mr HAINES, in rising to make a few remarks upon the address placed before the House, wished in the first place to say that it was the desire of that side of the House (the Opposition) not to attempt to be guilty of any factious opposition against the Ministry. (Hear, hear.) The Oppo- sition desired to afford the Ministry an opportu- nity, if they would avail themselves of it, of bring- ing fairly before the country its actual position, and of advocating, so far as in them lay, the laws, and amendments of laws, which they might think essential to the progress of the colony. It was not his intention to move any amendment upon the address, nor was it the intention, or desire of the majority, he might say of all the gentlemen who sat around him, that such should be done. Still he would not have it supposed that either he or his friends at all agreed with the statements put forward in the address. There were many objections to going at any great length into a statement upon the subject, or of express- ing any opinion upon the professed intentions of the Government; and for this reason: There were so many important subjects contained within the speech, that it was almost impossible to dis- cuss the whole in one debate. It appeared to him and the gentlemen who were acting with him, that it would be much better to deal separately with these subjects upon different occasions. It would be apparent to the House that the Opposi- tion generally was agreed upon adopting this course. (Hear, hear.) Certain resolu- tions, it was known, had been pre- pared by the Opposition, with a view of express- ing their opinions upon the various subjects which were comprised in the speech; and clearly it would be very much better that these subjects should be discussed separately, that the issues brought before the House should be kept free from entanglement, and that hon. members should have an opportunity of expressing themselves clearly and distinctly upon every subject as submitted. He felt himself bound, however, to make some remarks upon some of the very serious omissions he noticed in the address. Firstly, he would point out there was no statement whatever with regard to the financial position of the country. There was one brief remark—a short statement, to say that the income of the year was inadequate; but they did not know—it was not stated—what that inadequacy was likely to be. ("Hear, hear," from the Opposition.) They knew that various opinions had been expressed by the Government with reference to this inadequacy. They knew that just before the late Parliament had been dis- solved a statement was made by the Treasurer which was totally at variance with the one previously made by the hon. the President of the Board of Land and Works; and that statement he observed had been repeated upon a very late occasion. Now, he contended, in the face of such glaring disciepancies between the different statements, publicly put before the country, they might have fairly expected some reference to the subject in the address. He would not enter into the subject then, because he deprecated any premature discussion, and be- cause he trusted that the Government would take care to afford such information as would supply that great deficiency which everybody observed in the address itself. He would, how- ever, point out that it was almost impossible for the House, while in ignorance of the finances of the country, to proceed to the consideration of bills which involved any pecuniary relations, such for instance as the Municipal Councils Bill by which it was proposed, amongst other things, to subsidise the incomes of local councils out of the general revenue. Now, how could they deal with a bill of that character until they knew what the amount of revenue disposable, was likely to be? So far as he could judge of the speech, it appeared to con- tain measures which would cause the loss of cer- tain sources of revenue, without substituting any- thing in their places, unless, indeed, it was the vague sort of promise that protective duties should be levied. (Hear, hear.) But if those duties were to be successful in a protective or prohibitory sense, it seemed to him that they were not likely to realise any revenue from them. The whole proposal seemed to be to throw away present sources of revenue, without showing any others by means of which the objects enumerated in the Governor's speech could be attained. He would be very sorry to be silent altogether upon the statement made with regard to the occupation and cultivation licenses. It was quite clear that the authority of Parliament had been disregarded in the action taken by the President of the Board of Land and Works. ("No, no," from the Ministerial Benches.) Well, he would not argue the question then, because he hoped, at some not distant day, the House would seriously consider the subject. He merely alluded to it then to express his total dissent to the conduct of the Government (loud ironical cheers from the Ministerial Benches), and because he considered they were illegal, and that the just authority of the House had been disregarded in dealing with the question. ("Hear, hear," and "No, no.") He was anxious to avoid discussion as far as possible, and had merely risen to express his dissent to the views contained in the address on the subjects he had alluded to, and in order that, though not moving an amendment, he might not be understood to approve of the measures contained in the address. He would merely point out then that considering the many members of the House not accustomed to the practices Parliament, and considering that the address had only been a very short time put into their hands, they could scarcely ask those gentle- men to pronounce upon the many important questions involved. The Opposition had therefore resolved upon not taking the various subjects into consideration prematurely, but rather of dealing with them separately, and the convenience of the colony would be best consulted by the House ab- staining from discussion on that occasion. (Hear, hear.) Mr O'SHANASSY said that many members, had time allowed, would have preferred that the measures indicated in the speech of his Excellency the Governor should have received that criticism, and it might be amendment, at the hand of the House, which the importance of the document naturally led to the expectation of. He concurred with the observations of his friend, that with so many new members in the House, so many gentlemen who did not possess an inti- mate acquaintance with Parliamentary practices, who had not much Parliamentary experience, and, possibly who had not given their consideration deeply to the questions of political economy, the House could scarcely be asked to master the document which had been submitted, a document which, he ventured to predict, went at the root of the unity, status and political position of the colony, and a document which was levelled against the foundation of all things in general (laughter), without indicating the means by which the place of those foundations thus overturned could be supplied. (Laughter.) A document of that kind naturally distracted the attention of hon. members. It appeared from the action taken that there was some sort of agreement amongst the gentlemen of the Opposition, and he might congratulate the country upon the circumstance. He believed the time was fast approaching when political feeling in the colony would so develop itself that certain lines of decided action would be taken, and the practice ot that Legislature brought more into conformity with the practices of the Legis- latures of other countries. Men would take fixed and determined views upon Parliamentary questions, and would consult the public welfare as much in taking their seat on one side of the House or the other as in their re- gard for those questions. Now this state of things had not fully developed itself in this country yet, and it would still take some time, though he con- fidently looked for it, before the different parties would arrange themselves upon each side of the House. He had heard a remark from the seconder of the address which somewhat startled him, for he thought he had watched the signs of the opinion of the people of the colony as closely as anybody else in the House. The hon. member had said that the gold fields members had been returned to the House favorable to every proposi- tion contained in the address. Now he contended that though the gold fields members might sit on the Ministerial side of the House, yet that as far as the doctrine of protection was concerned the diggers were opposed to it. The statement of the hon. member therefore ought not to pass un- challenged. The mnjority of the gold-fields mem- bers were, he believed, opposed to protection. Their silence then was somewhat different from their jolly laugh a short time before. They were somewhat silent because they saw that they had placed themselves in an inconsistent position. (Cries of "No, no," from the gold-fields mem- bers, and the Ministerial benches.) As they con- tinued to develop the resources of the Govern- ment he rather thought that those "noes" would be turned into "yes, yes." When the issue was fairly put to them, and they had to decide between free trade and protection then the gold-fields members would see that their position was as he had described it. ("No, no.") With regard to the address, he might say, that the different points in the programme the Ministry had put to the country had all been worked upon. (Hear, hear.) He said this frankly, for he did not see why in discussing those questions, the facts should not be fully and fairly stated. But, he also said, in two instances the Ministry had endeavored to evade what they had promised to the constituencies. ("No, no," and "Hear, hear.") In the address it was said, "The inadequacy of our national income, from ex- isting sources and the imperfect development of industries for which natural facilities exist in this country, have led to a general conviction that it is expedient that the tariff should be re-considered by Parliament." Now, he understood the broad principle which the Ministry had distinctly advo- cated was protection. ("No, no," from the Go- vernment benches.) He thought the Chief Secre- tary had done so. (Mr Heales: "No, I did not." Mr Heales rose up to address the House.) If the hon. member would permit him to continue, he would have an opportunity of replying afterwards. He had read the hon, gentleman's speech to his constituents, and also his election address, in which he had said that encouragement should be given to native industry. (Mr Heales: "Yes," loud cheers.) Well, the statement was challenged as to whether it meant protection or not. He challenged the House then, as he had done his constituents, to say whether the members were favorable to free trade or protection. Those were the broad distinct principles to be decided between (Mr Wood : "Have both." Hear, hear.) Well, he had not the smallest objection in the world, but he ventured to say the Government scheme would be one of the most curious amalgamations brought before that or any other Parliament. (Laughter, and "hear, hear.") For he recol- lected the tariff submitted the last session by some member of the Government by which it was pro- posed to charge 1s per hundred on posts and rails, and 3d each on dolls (laughter). The address went on to state that the twofold object of the Government was, "that of raising a sufficient revenue, and, by a judicious arrangement of our imposts, of affording to our industrial interests the incidental advantages derivable from duties imposed on such articles as compete with our own products rather than on those which do not. It is therefore contemplated by my Minis- ters, after the estimates of expenditure have been framed, to submit propositions to Parlia- ment for realising these objects." Now, a more delightfully vague paragraph to have been drawn up by a protectionist, he ven- tured to say had never been submitted to a Par- liament before. If his friends, the members for the gold fields, would follow that paragraph out, then they would wait until they would see what they would see. The time had come, however, when the country and the gold fields members could not help but see whether they were follow- ing a free trade Ministry or a protection party. (Hear, hear.) The other paragraph which he thought evaded the proposition put to the country by the Government was the one relative to the payment of members. The Chief Secretary, on behalf of the Government, had stated that the only way to secure payment of members was to put a sum af money upon the estimates. Was that proposition carried into effect, or was it stated boldly in the following paragraph:—"The impossibility of otherwise securing the adequate representation of the country in Parliament, ren- ders it expedient that members should be com- pensated for their services, during their attendance on their legislative duties. The result of the elec- tion proves that, whilst a majority has been re- turned favorable to the principle considerable dif- ference of opinion exists as to the mode of apply- ing it. The principle being conceded, the manner of carrying it into effect is a question which Par- liament alone can determine, and it will be the duty of my advisers to take the sense of the representatives of the people on this subject when the proper time arrives." What a piece of information; Parliament he had thought always determined everything. Why, in the name of simplicity, he had always thought the people were represented by the two Houses of Legislature. ("No," and hear.) No! Why the address said, "the principle being conceded, the mode of carrying it into effect could be de- cided by Parliament alone." He had thought Parliament consisted of the Upper and Lower Houses. (Mr O'Shanassy was here warmly ad- dressing himself to some gentlemen behind the Treasury Bench. Mr L. L. Smith interjected to him, "I beg leave to say I did not speak a word." Laughter.) Mr O'Shanassy told the hon. member he was mistaken, and proceeded to contend that as the two branches of the Legisla- ture had been established by the Constitution Act, both ought to be consulted with regard to payment of members; and he assumed that it was the intention of the Govern- ment to submit this matter to both Houses. Then there was the question of the ex- tension of the occupation licenses, but as his hon. friend the member for Villiers and Heytesbury had given notice of motion on the subject, he would not invite discussion upon it at the present time. Another extraordinary statement in the address was, that owing to the premature birth of the Parliament, or as it was said, owing to "the premature re-assembling of Parliament, occasioned by the operation of the third section of the Ap- propriation Act, has rendered the preparation of the estimates for the ensuing year, before the meeting of Parliament impossible. Moreover, as it is the intention of my advisers immediately to introduce measures which, if passed, will largely affect the construction of the estimates, their pre- paration will necessarily be delayed until these measures shall have received the consideration of Parliament, when a short adjournment will be necessary." He would like to know how that statement could be justified. There was a Minis- try that had spent seven months in dilating upon the items of the estimates; had spent seven or ten weeks in preparing them, and who had had the salary of every officer in the service under review. And he was now told that because that Ministry had to go to its constituents for re-election, the estimates could not be framed within the time allotted. Now, how could that be justified? He would like to know at what time the ordinary circular calling upon the heads of departments to send in the estimates for their departments had been issued, because, practically, these estimates were always sent in in the rough. If the Ministry could show that they had sent for the information, but were incapable of dealing with the subject from want of time, he should be most ready to grant a postponement. But he contended that if the Ministry, when they went into office in No- vember, without any experience or knowledge of the departments, could frame the estimates within could not have done it again. Want of time was not the real, the substantial reason. The substantial reason and the true one he would give to the House himself. It was that the Minis- ters were afraid to look the financial affairs of the colony in the face. ("No, no," and cheers from the Opposition.) They were acting like men who had got no money—they tried to get over their difficulties by asking for delay. They said to the House, "You tell us what you will do with the District Councils bill, and then we will tell you the financial position of the country." It was due to the country that a financial explanation should be made, and he would tell the Ministry that even if they could rely upon a sufficient body of supporters to carry them over the present stage, yet that the people would demand that their affairs should be placed before the House. A true description of the finan- cial position of the colony ought to be given be- fore the House was called upon to enter into a single discussion or pass a single measure. This was the practice of the mother country, of the Parliamentary standing orders, and, therefore, it was the law of the country, and not to be evaded by any such attempt as the Ministry had made. ("Oh, oh," and cheers] from the Op- position.) The attempt was an injustice to the people, and was simply taking away one of the principles on which their liberty was founded. He had given a short notice of motion on the sub- ject; and, in addition, he might say this. It was known throughout the country that the Govern- ment had £2,000,000 of debentures unsold, so far as the House was aware, in the hands of the banks at London. And yet, while they had taken notice of every trivial subject in their ad- dress, they had not called attention to this great broad fact which was staring them in the face. They had not placed one single letter with regard to the sale of these debentures before the country. If he spoke warmly on the subject, it was because he felt, what he believed most of them did, much interest in the honor and credit of the colony. The important fact of the non-sale of debentures had been concealed. There was not the slightest allusion to it in the address, and how would the Government answer to the country if the loan should fail, and the debentures have to be withdrawn. Doubtless the Government was not to blame if the credit of the colony was not sufficient to enable them to obtain a loan in the English market, nor did he blame them; but he did say that the course pursued with reference to the subject ought not to be concealed from the Par- liament either when it dissolved or assembled. All correspondence ought to be given as freely as it had been by preceding Governments. The address, he repeated, was founded on the fact that the Government had no means, and dare not look the revenue of the colony fairly in the face. Therefore the begging plan was adopted, the revenue was stated to be inadequate, and an ad misericordiam appeal was made for a revision of the tariff. In making these observations he hoped he was not too warm. (Laughter.) He spoke exactly as he felt. He did feel that the financial question had slumbered too long, and he took credit to himself, notwithstanding the result of the elections, that he did assist to tie the hands of the Ministry by the third clause of the Appropriation Act, because they had obtained obedience to the law, and compelled the Govern- ment and the Governor himself to re-assemble the House and give the country an opportunity to decide upon and to look after its affairs. The Government must give a full statement of the financial position of the country, and not be al- lowed to evade it as proposed by the speech. Another part in the speech which he wished to advert to, was the attempt to deal with and alter the condition of the sale of land in the colony without submitting a bill to Parliament. This attempt he characterised as a violation of the fun- damental principle of the Constitution, and an effort to grasp in the hands of the Executive the power of the Legislature. The attempt, he said, made to issue occupation licenses, and legalise them by the fiat of the Ministry of the country, without consulting the Parliament, was an open defiance of the law. (Cries of "No, no" "squat- ters' law"), and the law too, made upon their own motion. It was in defiance of the existing law which the Ministry themselves had passed; though he might say, that all the men most eager in con- demning the bill now were those who had supported it in the first instance. As far as he was concerned, he was free from any responsibility with regard to that law, because he had seen at the first that it was likely to be di- rected to purposes foreign to those it was in- tended for. ("Hear, hear," from the Ministerial side.) However, when the proper time came, doubtless the question would engross the atten- tion, and receive the serious consideration, of the House, and it would then be for the persons who believed that the leases were legal, to show their authorities. He did not think it necessary to take up the time of the House further. He had thought it due to himself to make the statement he had made, and as a representative he need not apologise for doing his duty. Mr. DON said if there was one party in the House who, during the last session had tended to retard the passing of the estimates it was the one with which the hon. member for Kiimore was con- nected. The dissussion had been invariably pro- voked upon that side of the House, and principally by the hon. member himself, and it was unfair of him therefore, and of his party having pressed the Government in the way they had, to blame them for the omission of passsages in the address which they could not help. The hon. member should recollect the time when he was in office himself, and occupied the position of Chief Secretary, though he sincerely hoped he would never see him filling that post again, so singularly unfitted for it had he proved himself. The hon. mem- ber took seven months to frame the estimates, and took the very longest time he possibly could be- fore meeting that Parliament, which he knew would drive him out of the office he then held. The hon. member had attacked the issue of the occupation licenses. Was he aware who advised the issue of those licenses? Why, the hon. gentleman's own Attorney-General, or rather his Solicitor-General that was, if the Mornington election went aright. That hon. gentleman had pledged his reputation at the bar upon the legality of those licenses. He cared not himself whether the licenses were legal or not. At least they ought to be; but what the Ministry had done was to settle the land question, which the hon. member, Mr Nicnolson, had promised to do, but had failed to redeem his word. The action taken by the Ministry had given the people more than even Wilson Gray and the Conventionists asked for. Now people could go and settle upon any land they thought best, upon the annual payment of 2s 6d per acre. ("Too much." Laughter.) Well, then, it could be reduced. Cheers.) The stern patriotism of the Ministry had virtually settled the question, and the attempt of the hon. member to throw cold water upon the scheme, would be regarded by the country as a further exemplification of those traits in his character which he had previously exhibited. With regard to the statement respecting the in- tentions of the Government in raising protective duties, he expressed himself as perfectly satisfied with it, and was all that he had expected. Reviewing the arguments adduced by the hon. member for Kilmore at some length, Mr Don said protec- tionists at present asked nothing more than the Government had promised to give them; though by and by, when the time came, they might come out with something a little stronger, (Cheers.) As far as that part of the speech was concerned the hon. member was entirely mis- taken, for the Ministry had fully expressed what they had said to the country. The hon. member had also criticised that part of the address with regard to payment of members. Did the hon. member forget the time when he had sat by himself (Mr Don) and voted for payment of mem- bers by Estimates in the manner proposed by the Government. (Hear, hear.) Mr O'SHANASSY denied that he had ever voted for such a proposition. Mr DON was sorry as a matter of fact he could not contradict the hon. member; but those who consulted the big books of the House would see that the hon. member had stated that payment of members could be obtained in no other way. Mr O'SHANASSY objected to be misrepre- sented. He totally denied the fact alleged by the hon. member for Collingwood. Mr DON must then have been mistaken, and it might have been Mr O'Shanassy's ghost that sat beside him. It was singular, however, that even the tellers should have made the same mistake. Now the hon. member said the payment ought to be only made by bill. (Hear, hear.) Would not the Appropriation Bill meet the views of the hon. member. He had heard that hon. member say that the Upper House could not consti- tutionally refuse to pass the bill, whatever its items might consist of. Perhaps, however, he hear," from Mr O'Shanassy.) Well, he was sorry to misrepresent the hon. member so. Everybody was wrong, but the hon. member was right. How- ever, in answer to the attack upon the address, he would say that all the four principles he had an- nounced the last session of the House had been stated there, since reform of the Upper House had been provided for, too. The Ministry had, at the conclusion of last session, not stated these prin- ciples to the House. They knew the reception they would meet with from the place-seeking gentlemen opposite them, but he was happy to point to the result, which was so directly con- trary to the predictions of the keenest mind of the Opposition side. The Governor's speech was one which the democracy of the country ought to rally round, and have inscribed indelibly upon the his- tory and laws of the country. The colony at the present time was in a most critical condition, pro- perty was fleeing from the country, and gold dig- gers were leaving it—(hear, hear)—and under these circumstances, he hoped the House would carefully consider those measures promised by the Government, and which would, he believed, prove a cure for all the evils the country had been suf- fering under. In concluding, he might say that, having referred to the Parliamentary papers, he found, that the hon. member Mr O'Shanassy had voted in the way he had alluded to on the pay- ment of members question. The division list would be found in the first volume of the session of 1860, page 26. Mr O'SHANASSY rose amid cries of "Spoke." He thought it would be far better for the hon, member opposite him, and hon. members generally, to confine themselves to what was strictly Parliamentary. The hon. member's observations were, in fact, founded upon a private conversation, and on that ground he objected to them. (Oh, oh.) The hon. mem- ber had endeavored to affix upon him the stigma of a lie. (No.) It was the only thing which the assertions of the hon. member could mean, and he would take the Speaker's opinion whether he could not reply to those assertions. The SPEAKER said the hon. member could address the House in explanation. Mr O'SHANASSY thought it would not be fit for him to sit in the House any longer if he per- mitted such an imputation to pass unnoticed. He explained that he had frequently stated his opinions on the question, that country members ought to be compensated for their loss of time, and said he had always voted consistently with those views. The referencs to the words was no more than a reference to the man in the moon (laughter), for mistakes constantly occurred. He trusted that the House would be satisfied, that he had vindicated his character for truthfulness, Mr DON: What I stated was that the hon. member for Kilmore sat beside me in the division and voted for payment of members on the esti- mates, and I repeat that the records of the House prove that fact. I would not yield in point of character for veracity to the hon. member for Kil- more, nor to any other hon. member. (Hear, hear.) Mr SNODGRASS regretted that any such scene had occurred, and said that it was not fair to meet the hon. member for Kilmore with a di- rect contradiction. After the explanation he had given, the charge did not apply to that hon. mem- ber, and having sat on the same side of the House with Mr O'Shanassy, he was in a position to say that the estimates would never have been passed in any shape or form had it not been for the as- sistance rendered by the hon. member for Kilmore. (Hear.) The first act of the present Ministry had been a proposal to add £500,000 to the taxation of the country, but that fact appeared now to be forgotten. (Cries of "Question," and "read the record.") Mr DON rose to order. The hon. member was departing from the subject, and he had to request that the record of the proceedings of the House in reference to Mr O'Shanassy's vote on the payment of members be read. (Hear, hear, and loud cries of "read.") Mr SNODGRASS said it was a matter of in- difference to him whether the record waa read or not, for he believed the explanation given by Mr O'Shanassy was sufficient to satisfy the House. (Loud cries of "No, no," and "read the re- cord.") Mr WOODS rose to a point of order, and was proceeding to address the House upon it, when Mr SNODGRASS said the record was admitted and he saw no necessity for reading it. He was perfectly aware that Mr O'Shanassy had always been in favor of some form of compen- sation being given to members of Parliament, and he had voted consistently with that opinion. He (Mr Snodgrass) had heard from hon. members on the other (the Ministerial) side of the House that they would not have come there at all, unless they were certain of being paid £300 a year. (Loud cries of "No, no," and "Name, name.") He would ask them,—had they the least chance of ever obtaining a sixpence? He told them they had not, for if even the vote passed that House, no matter in what form, it would be rejected by the Council. Mr WOODS said the hon. member had charged members on that side of the House with having sought their seats for the purpose of obtaining the sum of £300 a year, and he begged to tell that hon. member that such was a false statement. He, for one, did not come there for the sake of £300 a year, and while he threw the insinuation back in the teeth of the hon. member, he begged to tell him that members on that side of the House were perhaps quite as able to support themselves as that hon. member. ("Hear," and cheers.) Mr O'SHANASSY here handed in a volume of the proceedings of the House, and requested that the Clerk might read the record in order to show how far Mr Don's statements respecting his vote on the payment of members were borne out. The Cleric read the record, from which it ap- peared that Mr O'Shanassy voted in favor of going into committee to consider the notices for placing a sum of money on the estimates for pay- ment of members. Mr O'SHANASSY said his character had been attacked on a question of veracity, and he now appealed to the Speaker for his ruling as to whether the record just read justified the hon. member for Collingwood in having stated that he voted for payment of members on the estimates? The SPEAKER said the record showed that the hon. member for Kilmore voted for going into Committee to consider certain resolutions. (Hear, hear.) Mr DON: Those resolutions being the ques- tion of considering the payment of members on the estimates. ("Hear, hear," and cheers.) Mr SNODGRASS, with regard to the point of order raised by Mr Woods, said that he intended no personal reference to the hon. member (oh, oh); but he had been informed of certain mem- bers who said they would not have come there unless they were to receive £300 a year. (Loud cries of "Name, name.") With regard to the pledges given by members to their constituents, it had been said that forty-three were pledged supporters of the Ministers; but he found that forty-three were pledged to oppose their policy of protection, and he left it to others to reconcile to their consciences, how in the face of these pledges they could give their support to the Government. Mr DUFFY was sorry that the hon. member for Collingwood had opened this new Parliament by a personal imputation against the hon. mem- ber for Kilmore. He was the more sorry for this, because his own memory and the records of the House could pronounce the charge against the hon. member to be wholly unfounded. ( True, the hon. member for Kilmore had voted for going into committee of the whole House for the considera- tion of certain resolutions proposed by Mr Barton, because it was the proper mode of dealing with the question. But when in committee, what did he do then? He (Mr Duffy) voted on the oppo- site side to Mr O'Shanassy, and therefore he re- collected the circumstance. When in committee, Mr Barton moved that an address be presented to the Governor asking his Excellency to place a sum of money on the estimates to provide for the payment, of members, upon which Dr Evans propo- sed an amendment for the omission from the resolu- tion of all the words after the word "that," and sub- stituting "that a bill be brought in for giving effect to the previous resolutions." On the divi- sion, there appears as voting for the amendment the name of the hon. member for Kilmore. (Hear hear.) Mr GRAY: What year is that? Mr DUFFY: 1861. Mr DON : Exactly, this year; look to the records of last year. ("Hear, hear," and cheers.) Mr DUFFY had taken the record handed to the Clerk at the request of Mr Don. ("No, no") Did not Mr Don request the Clerk to read the re- cord? (No, no.) The hon. member had certainly requested that the record might be read, and he (Mr Duffy) had followed that record, and if there had been ??? his fault The? ?'-'-v.''- fault. The He had always thought well of the hon, member for Collingwood, but unless he would withdraw— (Cries of "question," and "no, no," from Mr L. L. Smith.) Mr DUFFY would not expect that course from the hon. member for South Bourke, but he had expected that the hon. member for Collingwood would adopt an honorable and manly course by withdrawing his observations, otherwise he should cease to regard him ashe hadhitherto done. (Cries of "Withdraw," and "No, no.") Mr L. L. SMITH rose to order. The hon. member (Mr Duffy) had said that he (Mr Smith) would not act in a manly mannner. The SPEAKER: I did not understand the hon. member to say that. Mr DUFFY repeated that he entertained a high opinion of the hon. member for Collingwood in many respects, but if he persisted in his state- ments after the explanation that had been given, unless, indeed, he fully withdrew and amply apologised for his statements, he should not enter- tain the same opinion of him in future. Mr L. L. SMITH said he recollected the divi- sion, and Mr O'Shanassy was sitting on that occasion between Mr Hedley and Mr Don, and the hon. member made the remark that, "like the fishermen of old, they had been sitting there ali night and had caught nothing." The hon. member had made an excuse that the doors were closed and he was obliged to vote. He looked upon the records as sufficient evidence, without reference to anything that might be said by hon. members. Mr DON, as he had been charged with having made a false accusation, begged to be allowed to explain. (Hear.) Mr Duffy had not quoted from the same record of the House to which he (Mr Don) alluded. The record from which he (Mr Don) quoted was dated the 1st February, 1860. That was where the hon. member for Villiers and Heytesbury was wrong. (Hear, hear.) He (Mr Don) had voted the same way as the hon. member on the occasion to which he had referrred, and he certainly knew how he had voted himself. Mr Don read from the records the proceedings on the occasion to which he referred, showing that Mr O'Shanassy voted on the same side with himself and others who were in favor of placing a sum on the estimates for the payment of members. (The reading of this docu- ment was followed by loud cries of "Hear, hear," and cheers.) Either, continued the speaker, Mr Duffy had forgotten how he voted, or he had made a mistake in the date—the very worst thing a lawyer could do (laughter), because their minds changed so often they could not recollect their own votes. ("Hear, and laughter.) Mr O'SHANASSY: What was the effect of that division? The hon. member seemed to think that when a member moved the omission of cer- tain words he committed himself to the principle of the resolution. Mr O'Shanassy was proceeding when— The SPEAKER said, he could not allow this discussion to proceed further. The question had been decided so far as the records of the House could determine the matter, and what any hon. member had said could not affect the question. He suggested, therefore, that the discussion should cease. (Hear, hear.) Mr HEALES then rose and said: It is not my intention to say much on this occasion;—as the hon. member for Portland stated in his addreea to the House that he merely wished to satisfy himself by pointing out certain objections which he entertained to the Governor's speech. So I shall merely review one or two subjects to which allusion has been made in the course of this dis- cussion. There was one statement I think, which requires some explanation for the satisfaction of hon. members who were not members of the for- mer Parliament. The hon. member for Portland took occasion to say in his speech that day that great discrepancy existed between the financial statements of my hon. friend the Treasurer, and my hon. friend the President of the Board of Land and Works with reference to the esti- mated deficiency at the close of the present year. I will however call the attention of the House to these two statements, and show that not only were they not inconsistent with each other, but that they were quite compatible. It will be in the recollec tion of hon. members that at the time the Trea- surer made his statement to the House, a very large quantity of land had been submitted for sale, a much larger quantity indeed for the period that had elapsed, than the fair proportion of the quantity to be submitted for sale during the whole year, and the Treasurer then stated that if they con- tinued selling land at that rate for the remainder of the year, the deficiency would be £70,000. My hon. colleague, the President of the Board of Land and Works, had also stated that such was not the intention of the Government; and that if they sold only the quantity estimated, namely, £300,000 worth, then there would be a deficiency at the end of the year of £200,000. The Government, I contend, is fully justified in having brought into market a larger quantity of land, than than the proportion properly allotted to a given period of tho year, for the object was to give the public the fullest advantages of free selection under the new Land Bill (Hear, hear), and it was under those circumstances that a much larger quantity of land had been offered than the due proportion up to that time of the estimated amount for the whole year. I may say, however, that it is not the intention of the Government to continue disposing of land at that rate for the whole year, but only so much as has been pro- mised, and as they would be clearly justified in doing. This explanation, I make to do away with a misrepresentation not supported by a scrutiny of the facts, so as to justify the observa- tions of the hon. member for Portland. The hon. member for Kilmore spoke rather warmly, but I trust I shall not exhibit the same warmth in any observations I may make in replying to him. The hon. member blames us because we are not pre- pared with our estimates; he says we have had ample time to prepare them in spite of the numerous bills under consideration and tlie general elections. The time allowed us for this purpose, as the House is aware, was sixty days. (Hear, hear.) The hon. member for Kilmore, when in office, occupied seven months for the same purpose, (Hear, hear; and "no," from Mr O'Shanassy.) The records of the House will prove that such is the fact. (Hear.) Unless the hon. Member resorts to the usual plea and falls back upon the excuse of being mis- reported, unless the records of the House are erroneous and are not to be depended upon—unless indeed the hon. member has rights peculiar to himself of dis- puting the accuracy of the records of the House —then the statement I have made is borne out. If any such peculiar privilege belongs to the hon. member for Kilmore, and he may challenge both the published reports and the records of the House, then let such privilege be clearly under- stood, and the hon. member's statements would pass for what they were worth. The hon. member, I repeat, had seven months to prepare his policy, and if he didn't want that time he took it (hear), and I must say the result of his labors did not show very benefi- cially for the interest of the country; and I will further venture to assert, that my colleagues have accomplished more in two months than the hon. member did in the seven months alluded to. (Cheers.) But the hon. member, like many others, has got into a habit of boasting. Their constant boast was of their wealth, and they looked down upon their less fortunate fellow-men with a kind of contempt, as men who could not pay their way, and who supported the present Government from the prospect of reaping their reward in the payment of members. This is a very common thing with hon. members opposite; but while I may admit that the more wealthy men are on the other side of the House, I believe that the true interests of the country and the sincerest patriotism will be found amongst those who do not rank amongst the wealthy classes, but whose interest in the prosperity of the country is at least equal to that of the hon. member for Kilmore, for they have made this country their home. However different their po- sitions might he, in love of country and pure pa- triotism they are desirous of promoting the wel- fare of the country, for in the general prosperity they and their families will undoubtedly share. What does the hon. member mean by "concealing the public finances?" I have heard this kind of speech delivered before. If hon. members read Hansard, and will turn to the period when Mr Nicholson was Chief Secretary, they would find almost verbatim, the speech delivered by the hon. member for Kilmore this night. ("Hear, and laughter.) Then what about the "rights of property and capital?" Why hon. members again, that far less wealthy men are actuated by as pure a sense of patriotism as those who vaunt their superior wealth and social position; although, perhaps, in many cases, they possess little more than their poverty-stricken brethren on this side. (Hear, hear.) Then it is said that his Excellency has concealed his letters to the Home Government. What is it the hon. member wants? If he wants any document let him call for it in the usual way. (Hear, hear.) If it is such as refers to public policy, and such as ought to be produced, I will place it on the table of the House. (Hear, hear.) But if it be such a document that the contents ought not to be divulged, save for the profit of capitalists—if it refers to the arrangements of the money transactions between this colony and Great Britain, and discloses the limits placed upon the price of debentures to be offered for sale in the London market (hear, hear), then I say the hon. member has no right to ask for its production, and I will not be a party to placing it on the table. (Hear, hear.) All hon. members must understand that monetary transactions of this nature require some secrecy, and that it would be injurious to divulge the limit fixed upon the price of these debentures, although, I say it to the disgrace of some parties connected with the banking interest—I say it as reflecting on them, that when the Government sent to the Committee of the Banks the limits fixed upon the deben- tures, and did so under a bond of secrecy, that confidence was betrayed, and the price was made known by the hon. member for Rich- mond, who, I regret, is not in his place. It will be for him to show how he ob- tained information which should have been held in the strictest confidence by the Bank Commit- tee, and should not have become public property until the result of the sale had been known. If the hon. member desires by such statements that colonists should infer that we have no wish to protest property, and no wish to pro- tect capital, I say this, that such assertions are unfair, for there is not one amongst us blind to the fact, that all are interested in the prosperity of the colony, and in the protection of capital. The hon. member also speaks of the deterioration of property by the issue of occupation licenses for the land, and he presumed that the step taken by the Government will have an injurious tendency. I am not prepared to say whether the system will not affect one class of the community, but this I can undertake to say that the new regulations will prove of great advantage to the miners and agriculturists, and will conduce to the general prosperity of the people. (Hear, hear.) They may affect a certain class, but any Government is justified in making a change for the general good of the community, although a few individuals may suffer therefrom. If we legislate for the in- terests of the colony in general a slight injury to a particular class may be necessary in consulting the general good. These changes must take place. It would not be becoming in me to defend the legality of the action taken by the Govern- ment, but on this ground I join issue with the hon. member, who has also charged us with having ignored the assembling of Parliament. I believe that the Government has acted in thorough accordance with the Land Act, and more, the hon. member himself would be the first to admit that we should be unworthy of our posi- tion as a Government if we stooped to ask the Parliament for permission to carry out the powers conferred by a previous Parlament. (Hear, hear.) All hinges on this question, whether the proceed- ings are legal or otherwise? It is not fair of the hon. member to charge us with having done what we believe we have full power to do legally, for why should we ask this Parliament for permission to carry out any particular clause of the Land Act? What more power does the Government require? We have carried out the law under professional advice. We believe our acts to be legal; we know them to be politic, and if hon. members op- posite will only permit, as they will be compelled to allow, the fullest operation to the new land regulations they will be the means of promoting the interests of the people, and those still to come will derive the advantage of our doing that which has been so long desired, while by the assistance of capitalists like the hon. member for Kilmore, and others, confidence will be imparted in property of all descriptions. (Hear, hear, and cheers.) Mr BRODRIBB, amidst cries of "Ques- tion," said that the question whether the issue of the land licenses was legal or not, was one he should enter upon on a future occasion, when the motion of the hon. member for Villiers and Heytes- bury came forward. He should be able to show that those licenses were illegal; and as to their policy or impolicy, he should say nothing now. ("Do," and laughter.) He had formed definite opinions on that subject, and should express them without reserve. With regard to payment of members, it was unfortunate that the subject had not been treated in the Governor's speech free from all ambiguity, for he contended the Government had evaded the question, but he should express his opinion on this subject also at the proper time. ("Hear," and laughter.) As a young member he should have been better pleased had the Chief Secretary told them some- thing of the financial condition of the country, for all he had said about the past might be very interesting to himself, but it was not so to him (Mr Brodribb). All explanation on that subject had been postponed. It was absolutely essential, however, to obtain at once a distinct opinion as to the legality or illegality of the occupation licences. Mr BERRY said he could not help think- ing that hon. gentlemen opposite, having de- clined the real contest, should not have com- menced a sham battle. (Hear, hear.) After the lucid manner in which the hon. member for Portland had adverted to the question by stating that it involved matters of such a large character that it would be impossible to do justice to them to- night, and that they ought to be taken in de- tail—after that statement, he was surprised that hon. gentlemen had not allowed the matter to drop. After having declined the battle, probably from the influence of a survey of the combined phalanx on the Ministerial side, they seemed to send out their light cavalry to find a weak point for a charge, but every attempt had failed. (Hear.) The two hon. members for Kilmore and Portland had acted in contradiction to each other; for, while the hon. member for Portland had spoken of the Governor's speech as enter- ing fully into questions of public po- licy, the hon. member for Kilmore denied this, and pointed out one great deficiency, the omission in reference to the finances of the country. That might be a great omission, but the speech referred to all important points of the Ministerial policy, and the question of finance would come on quite as soon as was desirable to the hon. member for Kilmore. Two important topics had been adverted to,—the occupation licenses and the imposition of duties on imported manufactures, and it only remained for hon. mem- bers on that side of the House to carry their policy still further by the establishment of a mint and a national bank of issue, to show the Opposition, and especially the hon. member for Kilmore, that they were quite prepared to deal with the finan- cial question. Respecting the gloomy idea of Mr O'Shanassy, that the debentures would find no sale in the London marker, if such proved to be the care they would be readily taken up in the Vic- torian (hear, hear,) and that would touch the hon. member for Kilmore in a tender part. When seven millions of pounds were lying idle,—at least idle to those who had most interest in the money, the depositors, however profitable it might be to the banks—he could only look upon the fact of no debentures having been offered in the colo- nial market before as an omission on the part of pre- vious Governments, and the finances of the coun- try in his opinion would never be placed on a sa- tisfactory footing until they established a mint and national bank of issue. Tenders for these deben- tures ought to have been invited long ago, not only for £10, but he would advocate the issue of £5 notes bearing interest and redeemable in a few years. Until the large banking monopoly had been tackled in this way the industrv of the country would never receive a fair chance. At an early day he intended to call the attention of the House not only to the condition of the finances of the colony, but also to the finances of the banks of the colony. (Hear, hear.) Before sitting down he desired to express his sym- pathy with a Ministry which had thus initiated boldly the policy which it submitted to the country. They had thus answered the various canards and mis-statements invented by their opponents, that they intended to throw over first one section of their supporters, and then an- other. The speech proved that they in- tended to stick to their pledges. The aspect of the House, and tone of the debate were subjects of congratulation both to the House and the country, for hundreds and thousands and the Ministry had not only supported its policy, but had determined to carry it out not merely in the letter, but in the spirit. Union should be their bond, prosperity the end they had in view; and with these remarks he cordially supported the motion. (Hear, and cheers.) The SPEAKER then put the question, "that an address be presented," &c.;, which was carried without any expressions of dissent. Mr EDWARDS moved, "That a committee be appointed to prepare the address to his Excel- lency, such committee to consist of Messrs Flint, Heales, Aspinall, Gray, Frazer, Richardson, and the mover." Mr FLINT seconded the motion, which was put and carried, and the committee adjourned to consider the address. The members of the Committee having returned into the House, The SPEAKER announced that the hon. mem- ber for Collingwood had brought up the report of the Select Committee, but as it was a re-echo of the motion there was no necessity for reading it aloud. Mr EDWARDS moved that the report be adopted, and the House agree with the Committee in its address. Mr FLINT seconded the motion, which was put and agreed to. Mr HEALES moved that the address be pre- sented to his Excellency the Governor by the hon. the Speaker, and such hon. members as might choose to accompany him. The motion was agreed to. The House then adjourned at ten minutes to seven o'clock to three o'clock this day. 