AN ADVENTURE WITH BRH3ANDS. The Italian correspondent of the Morning Pott, writ- ing from Rome, on the 1st February, says ; " The following account of a journey of 1 IO milos on one of the main roads of Italy, from Foligno to Rome, will show the present very insecure state of the oountry. and the annoyanoe and danger« to whioh at thia time all travellers are liable, and may warn others from attempt- ing the land journey from Florence by Perugia to Rome, Mr, Thomas Vaughan, architect, of Stoke Newington, London, left Foligno on Sunday morning, the 27th ult. io e carriage for six persons, driven by a well-known and most trustworthy ana honest driver, named Pietro Roast, of Assisi, ile says-'There were in the first instance only four passengers, two Italians, a lady, and myself. We passed Spoleto unchallenged, bat at the gates of Terni were stopped, and conducted under escort to the guard-house, where all the passports were closely exa- mined by officers of the Italian National Guard. Aa one of the Italian passports was not quite in order, we were detained the whole night, but the next morning we were allowed to proceed to Narai. There we were again marobed up on foot aa prisoners, and detained until it was too late in the evening to prooeed to Civita Castel- lana, as we bad intended, for the vitturino would not travel by night for fear of some "awkward rencontre." We left Narai at six on tho morning of the 29th, With one additional passenger in the front of the oarriage, and, after some lut difficulties, were al- lowed to pasa the advanced posta of the National Gaard, and, crossing the Tiber by the Porte Fence, entered the States still under the Government of the Pope. The small village of Borghetto is on the Roman side of the | river, and from it the road winds np the bill to regain the higher end general level of the country. There wu consequently ? short steep frotpatb, by wbloh the new passenger got a few yards ahead, but was always within sight, while the rest of us walked quietly up the hill by the side of the carriage. When we had been in the Papal btatea about a quarter of an hour we had gained the top of the table land, and continued still walking along a slightly rising road that wu open on all aides, as the woods had been oat down, and the small shoots from the scanty stems were nowhere more than two feet high. There wu no hedge or bank, and aoaroely any cover whatever. Suddenly, from the ground on the right, I aaw four veiled men, armed with guns, rise from the brushwood, whooried out, " rw«.»»),T>rI_r»nM. »«ni. arno insieme" (stand together). In an instant one man waa in the middle of the road, and dropping on one knee presented his gun at the leading horse, to that all ad- vance was impossible. Ibe passenger who, luckily for him, had taken the short cut, was already a few yards cn the other side of the robbers, who had allowed him to pass. He took to his heels, leaving the rest to their fate. The vitturino, a biar man, who, I hoped, would have stood his ground, fell down on his knees, bowed his head to the earth, and commenced his prayers to the Madonna. The others did the same, so I ?lone wes left standing to bear the whole brunt of the attack, lhadagooiaworditlok, and would havefought, but with such cowardly companions no chances were left me. When the assassins carne oharging down on me with most awful oaths, and cries of "Ulu. giu !" (down, down I) I threw myself between them and the lady, but was aoon sent staggering by a thrust from the mustie of a gun, white a second man mado a stab at me with a bayonet that he carried as a dagger in his hand. ¡tor* tunatoly the point was blunt, and catching me on the left shoulder, where the ample folds of a tbiok Sootoh maud prevented my'being wounded, I was tent reeling to the ground by the side of the lady and gentleman with whom I had been walking. A man then placed himself behind, rae, end, putting hi« gun to my head so that I could feel it constantly pressing against the rim of my hat, told me i "Be ti muovl sel morte" (If you mbve yon are a dead man), end insisted on my looking downwards, for whenever" I moved my hoad in the least he) oried; "Gio, giu I" and «truck me with the muscle of the gun. Fortunately ray pretence of mind never for» sobk me for an instant, and slipping my band beneath my maud I managed toi get at my penknife, out the braid chain that I had subetitpted tor my gold 'one, and «nooeeded In «lipping my watch inside my shirt' front. ' This' waa done whilst the two brigand« who were free were riling the driver .rid the remaining passenger, who lost every individual thing, including a watch.' I threw a purse containing probably 70f., tor the moat part in silver, op the grouaiT, end then oalledoat, "Do you went copper Î Because'1 : bave r. fev/ bajocoi here ; y on may he well have 'all.» Bjr j : thir. means I saved a personal examination, and preserved j my watoh and thirteen gold Nnpoleon» whioh 1 had else- where about me. The brigands turned everything out of the interior of the carriage, carried away the pewter oup from the bottom of my travelling flask, took What little provision« wô had for the journey, and then de oamped leisurely down a valley on the right hand. Be- sides what I had succeeded in retaining about me there wan only a bajoccoand a half (threo farthings) remaining amidst tho company. The baggage would probably have suffered but it was tiphtly ohained and chiefly in heavy boxes, so that we escaped loss in that quarter. The total sum plundered amounted in money to nearly £20, besides a watch and some other objects of small value. This I scene occurred on a'bright clear morning, at half-past ten o'olock, on one of the prinoipal high roads of Italy, within sight and five minutes' walk of the guard-house of th'e Pap ii gendarmes.' " Itiappears by the Patf it that a Freneh company his tot a concession of some considerable wharfage on the arbour of Lisbon, and mean to dig dooks, Ao. ft augurs thence the downfall of British traflio with Portugal THE SKINFLINT.-NO genuine skinflint is a loving woman: The stinginess whioh »he fosters for things ex- tends itself to persons, and the niggard hand cannot pos- sibly respond to the throbbing of a liberal heart. Skin- flint may have large ins'inctive affections certainly. ' She may be a devoted mother/a dutiful daughter, a faithful and obedient wife, but ehe is never a loving woman. She is never pitilnl, never nympathetio, never qulok to feel for the sorrows of others. Sympathy ia net infrequently an expensive luxury ; and skin- flint«, who are skinflinty by organisation, dread all emotion» which may lead to expenditure. Where- fore, as a kind of compensation, you generally find Skinflint muoh given to theoretical piety, groat in prayer-meetings, church-goings, bible-readings, with a »ni »m'onn» nf sentimental «-«lición, »bown by ber ab- sorbing interest in oortain formal and duotrinal point« whioh do not touch the heart nor require a change of nature. Skinflint is often very anxious for the heathen, and gives -sixpences at missionary meetings ; her sympathy for the home poor »he exhale» in tracts and talk. Those are edifying to the receiver, and cost nothing to the giver, and are, therefore, a very favourite form of sympathy and interest. If they were ever accompanied by a basin of broth, by.a oup of jelly, by a comfortable «wathe of flannel, it would be dif- ferent) but then the earthly would be mingled with the spiritual, and earthly-costing money-is abhorrent to Skinflint, rioh in spiritualities which are inexpensive luxuries. Sometimes, but not very often, Skinflint put« her name to a rational sum for a public subscription. If she does, it is because »te has what phrenologists call " a large organ of love of approbation," whioh, for the time, conquer» her skinflintiness. Bat the case is rare, and, when oocurring, may bo noted as an exoeption to the rule, and by no means one of the organio elements of the race. If ehe does such a thing, too, she takes care that she does it in full view of men and the god». No ¡skin- flint could bring herself to subscribe under initial», or to do as "A Lady" or " Anon ;" unless, indeed, she wa« simply over-persuaded, and compounded with her con« soienoe and her cowardioe by such a sum that she herself was ashamed of it. In general, she esohew» all reoog niiable.modes of alms-giving, and, when canvassed, «peak» with a large vagueneiB, inexpressibly suggestive of the oharms of doing good privately, and scattering about one's benefit« unoatalogued and unknown. At her death «he frequently leave« handsome mm« to publio charities or religious institutions, snd so departs on her last way with a flourish of trumpets following her from esrth ; while mop-heads, dirty and degraded, echo the praise« bandied about the crowd, and rnn, all agape, to read the record on the tombstone whiob sets forth her manifold virtue«. Death ii the grand componnder of the lina of life ; but mt mortuum bonum is nil morluum nisi fulsutn, when dealing with the virtuou« apocrypha of certain deceased ; Skinflint among the number. London ReoUo. StANoma ABEUS.-Invasion was the bugbear with whioh the court tried lo frighten the -nation. But we were net children to be soared by nursery tales. We were at peace ; add even in time of war an enemy who ahould attempt to invada us would probably be inter- cepted by our fleet, and would aisnredly, if be reached onr shores, be repelled by our militia. Some people, indeed, talked as if a militia could aobieve nothing great. But that bue doctrine was refuted by all anoient and all modern history. What was the Laoedmmonion phalanx in the best days of Laoedicmon ? What wu the Roman legion in the best days of Rome T What were the armies whioh conquered at Cressy, at Poitiers, at Agincourt, at Halidon, or at Flodden T What was that mighty array wbioh Elisabeth reviewed al Tilbury ? In the fourteenth, fifteenth, and sixteenth oentaries Englishmen who did net live by the trade of war had made war with success and glory. Were the English of the seventeenth cen- tury so degenerate that they could not be trusted to play the men for their own noroesteada and parish churches ? For such reasons as these the disbanding of the forcea was strongly recommended. Parliament, it was said, might perhaps, from respect and tenderness for the person of his Majesty, permit him to have goarra enough to escort his coach and to pace the rounds before bis palace. But this was the very utmost that it would be right to oonoede. The defenoe of the realm ought to be oonfided to the sailors and the militia. Even the Tower ought to have no garrison, except the trainbands of the Tower Hamlets, it must be evident to every in- telligent and dispassionate man that these deelaimcrs con trad io ted themselves. Ifan army composed of regular troops really was far more effioient than an army oom. posed of husbandmen taken from the plough and burghers taken from the counter, how oould the oonntry be safe with no defenders but husbandmen and burgher*, when a great prince, who was our nearest neighbour, who had a few months before been onr enemy, and who might, in a few months, be our eaemy agtin, kept up not less than . hundred and fifty thousand regular troops T If, on the other hand, the spirit of the English people wu suoh that they weald, with little or no training, encounter and defeat the most formidable array of veterans from the continent, was it not absurd to apprehend that suoh a people ooald be reduced te slavery by a few regiments of their own countrymen? Brit our anoestora were gene- rally so muok blinded by prejudice that this inoensistenoy passed unnoticed. They were eecnre where they ought te have been wary, and timorous where tbey might well have been secure. They were not shocked by hearing the same man maintain, in the same breath, that, if twenty thousand professional soldiers were kept np, the li bery and property of millions of Englishmen would be at the mercy of the Crown, and yet that those millions of Englishmen, fighting for liberty and property, would speedily annihilate an invaJing army composed of fifty or sixty thousand of the conquerors of Steinkirk and Lan- den. Whoever denied the former proposition was celled a tool of the court. Whoever denied the latter wu accused of insulting and alanderingjthe nation.-Hillary of England fron the Accession of Jamti the Second By Lora Macaulay. OTVIOIAL AISIOKBBS -Tn the year 1860 the nine Lan- don official assignees received among them, for remunera- tion for their services, the sum of £93,663, the eighteen oonntry official usignees, £25,821. About a third of the income (rather more in London) was absorbed by clerks' salaries and offioe rent and expenses. The result was, that the net income rangeJ in London from £796 to £3487, and in the country from £378 to £3117, with one remarkable exoeption at Newcastle, where the official assignee's expenses amounted to no less than £1018, and his receipts were only £969. But the receipts of the whole body were'suffioient to give a net inoomo for each of the twenty-seven of about £1300 a year, if equally divided, or,in London.of above£1700. TheNewBank- ruptcy Bill proposes to allow them to fell in nnmbtr to five in London, and seven in the country. Last year the four at Liverpool bad only «tventy-tbree bankruptcies to divide among them. The number of new bankruptcies I in the year gave an average of sixty-nine for each Lon- I don official assignee, and thirty-seven for each country assignee; the whole number was 1887; the year's pay- ment to the official assignees £48,384. Bnt a portion of their business arises not from bankruptcies, butpetl tiona for arrangements, so that £46,000 may be M muoh as they received from bankrupts' estates, or about £39 per bankrupt»/of the year.-Thi Tim*. - - Et MOT qr in« ABHSTBONO SHOT,-On Thnr«dav laat, the Admiralty Board were iwe«*»* .? ohueouryness, and witnessed some experiments upon iron plates with a mussle-loading 300-pound Armstrong. A " batt" about ten feet square, waa raised, and supported at the edges and top by masonry, but without "backing" of any kind. This butt wa« constructed of Thornyoroft's dove tailed plates,,and was ten ¡nobes thiok, as might have been anticipated by the careful preparations made to insure something approaching to suooess before so dis- tinguished a company. The Armstrong gun did its work ¡ it oraoked the bar» by which the plate« were bound i it made indentation* ; it lifted the edges of the plates ; and. although it failed to make an actual penetration, it did enough to show that, with a little more pounding, it would have brought the struoture to the ground, just Hke the uniformity of a pile or bricks might be destroyed by the removal of that par- ticular one by which it supported. We are here deal- ing with facts. Another putt of the same shape, but rather smaller dimensions, was reared upon iron struts, and-fired against. Plate after plate yielded to the smashing, until the whole fell to the ground like a pack of cards. I his wu pretty enough ; but all that passed failed to convince the professional mind that the ex- periments were true and honest. It was iairly argued that, if Sir William Armstrong has curt« blanchi to construct gass of suoh power as will render the pre- sent description of iron-plated ships useless, he must also he commissioned to build vessels capable oi carry- ing tbem, Until we are oenviuoed that iros plate of the thickness mentioned, pleoedvertloelly and angularly, "backed," u if tbey formed part of a »WP*,,Wft have been fairly fired at, we must, be permitted to doubt if any other reanlt ha» been arrived,at than oan be now verified by a« examination, of. the «ide« of the old Trusty at Woolwiobj-^rmt/ anq- J/aw <?««««. Two P«»»qH»;Ki,Lwt.o ni A FALL QVSB A PBBOIMO«. George Smith, aged twenty- three, and Margaret Low, aged nineteen, were walking in, tho evening along a toVpeth «WrUogthe querry at Kirremulr, when they both missed their fooüng and feU over the precipice, a .height of »bout tblrtynve feet. They were found both [lying bleeding, still breathing, butkspeeohless. The young woraan^ied on Mnrdey morning and the young I man the following day.-Edinburgh Wtlness. ' . J A CAPITAL 8aoT.-Tbe Bristol Msreury tell» a «ter»,, of a mau who wa« «hooting pigeon« th« other day, ead the charge from whose gun smaahed several pats* of ' glass in a diitant houie, and a basin of broth ead «pooh were thrown down, the baiin being broken and th* broth apilt. The orach «o startled a saan who wa* st dinner, and who had not been able to move for rheum». ' tism for months without hi« crutches, that he ran to the < ' front door without them this time, and oommenoed jumping about id front of the house, dedaring that he ' waa »hot in the forehead, although there wa» no mark, Next day the cripple was at work. The ipottsmin '' belong« to the Sad Breconshire Rifles, whioh may now ' .afely as«*rt that it posse*«** one of the but shot« in, ' the world-a man who killed three bird», wounded a'. " fourth, brokeieven panes of glass, and oared a rheumatic' ' ' cripple, all at one shot. _ , r * _ A youth named Coulson, residing at Thorpe, wttaw '. viotim to «omnsmbuliim, dnring which he was «oona» ,' tomed to shriek out that he wai being mnrdired. On ¡ Wednesday night be wa« heard to get up, crying "Bor- der," and to rush out of the house. He wa» followed to , ' the river side, but his pursuer» only arrived in tim* io, »ee him sink. The deceased was a capital swimmer, bat being suddenly awakened by the cold water, it li suppo. , »ed that he lost bia self-possession, and was consequently [ drowned. IHFRRIAII SPORT.-According to the Court Journal, , the Imperial party at Fontainbleau annie themselves *y ipearing frog«, and betting who can lill a basket fir«. At each end of the fosse servants are stationed to hut the ruihes, and force the frogs to pas* baokwardi ud forward* beneath the wall, on whioh th* performers lit. > " The ladie* and gentlemen, leven of the iport, will aft sometime* until nightfall. The Empren is »aid to b» quite an adept at the «port. " Too ean judge,*' ssyi ti* Paris correspondent of the Court Journal, "of ti«all- . absorbing interest of this noisy punuit when it ii auerted at fontainbleau that the Cabinet courier, »r riving an evening or two ago, while the fun was ititi ' height, the Emperor, on having the event annouioedto.^ , him by an express from tb» palaoe, monly replied, ' Ti« '" the Cabinet courier ia ia the wrong to arrive just no»}' and, at the same time, jerked so dextetouily out of Ra» ' dame de Fenigny'* harpoon a fine fat fellow of a frog, ' whioh, by the same movement, wa» tossed into kit eva basket, there to gasp and flounder among hil fellows, ' that the hilarity wa« most uproarious, 'ibis-fia for the sportsmen, hut death to the frogs-promues te li» ] popular for some time to come." DacRAviTY ARO iTB RxsoMB.-Diane Msion oohsbiltd with Pugh, a tailor, at Worcester, and frequent quimil took placo. (M hatui-day week he went borne intoxioettd,) ' and on the woman threatening to send fer a polieesju he produced a white-handled mor, opened it, ud \ quiekly drew it across Mason'« throat, inflicting a HIST» wound. Bhe wrenched herself from hi« graip, and got «j the fire-plaoe, where he again «eixed her, and, plsoii» her head between hi« knee«, attempted to complete hit diabolical work. He inflioted a «hooking gath, hat, fortunately, did not «noceed in giving her a aerial wound, for the poor créature «prang from him and ruined, down the «tain. The unhappy man then tuned th* instrument with suoh terrible effect against bil own lift that he completely severed the windpipe and priioiptl arteries. He, nevertheless, contrived to pass down ti» stairs, and on getting outaide the door fell down into til gutter from lois of blood and exhauition. BALLOON DBIORHT.-DZPLOBABLR AOCISHRT -We have |to record a «hooking accident whioh ocoiried it a balloon descent made by Profwior Simmon«, at Redruth, , The balloon, having only token one h ur and Un miaut«* to inflate, aseended from Truro shortly after MVSS o'olook, and went to the heightof 1000 feet in a verticil direction, and after passing through the «loud* «truck a , current and wa* drive» towards R*dratb, whin [\ alighted in a corn field without injury to the bailóos or , the aeronaut, at twenty-five minute« past seven tfcleck. Mr. Simmon* ws* soon surrounded by upward* of Í00Q , persons, who oommenoed crowding upon the silk, sad, »eeing thi*, Profeuor Simmon« entreated the mab to .tend back. A poer fellow, however, named Jam** Thom*«, a plumber and brasUr, got enveloped in th» folds of th* silk without being noticed, and on it* osisg , discovered some short time afterwards by Professor Sim^, moa«, he appeared to be suffocated, and wa« quite black in the face. Medical aid was quiekly rendired, bntlittl« , hopes were entertained of hi« recovery,- rFiifir» lior*-, ing /feus. . A,XAWÍULJ! K«o.-A very ourioni action hu bata tried m the Bail Court, before Mr. Justioe Bul. Mr., Harvey, a ohemiit, lued a Mr. Robert Clavsring Sang», a person of arutooratio conneiion, for the recovery el a, diamond ring, worth £1000, the charg* being that Savage had wrongfully converted the ring to Ms ewa use. Some year» ago Mr. Savage persuaded on» «' Minni* Holmes " to become his miitnis, but a few mentas ago ,J, JPf 'f? ** P*"*' be«ao,a iavag* loaiewhat too nearly justified his name at the expense of the woman. On oomfng to England (he brought with her the ring ia quMtion, and pledged it for £10, the pawnbroker, whe refused to give more, alleging doubts a* to the rightful property of Holme* ia the ring. bubieqasBtly «Serai*** £i on the duplicate at the shop of Remy, but wksn he proceeded to redeem th* ring it vu gone. The ps»«, broker bad communicated with Savage, to whom he np posed the ring belonged, end c-»v*g*Tiad obtained it air. Harvey then oommenoed thli action. Th* evidMe* ?howed that both Holme* and Savage lived in a tnanatr not creditable to eitktr. Th* question vu, did Savage give her the ring, or did ibe tai» It, not iteal itt The jury wa* satisfied that it wai her property, and fousd for the plaintiff, daraagei £1000. CBBSUIE« -A BOT SHOT BT VoitjRf BRR».-An uR> fortunate orcurranoe took place on Saturday afternoon last, on the volunteer»' practice grouid, on the (hore at Wallaiey. It appear» that at h»]f-pe«t fear Coleek a ?mall party of the ard Cheihire rifle« (Cant. Chssabrts, Wallaiey) went to the ihore between the Hsd Morn sad Leaiowe, for the purpose of ball practice, the rifle« usd being the long Enfield. The men w*ra under the som maud of Captain Gray, of the New Brighten artillery volunteer oorp*, and the uiual precaution«, it ii laid, were taken to prevent accident*. Mr. Richard Cooaer, landlord of the Ship Inn, Wss engaged to mark, aid his Ron George, a boy about nike yesn of age, was «mplersd to carry a danger liguai nag. The volcmteera win prae» tiling at a range of 800 yardi, and the lad was sUtiots* amongst the billi, at a distan** of between «08 as* 700 yard» beyond the target. The dring oontlnned astil ?even O'clook, when a youth named Wflliami, whe wisis the oompany of the younger Cooper, ran ap to Mr. Cooper, and informed him that hi* ion had bein shot. ' The unfortunate boy wa* then discovered Wing wits k1« face in the i*ad, and blood was flowing from a wound ' wbieh he had rtceived a little above the right hip. Of course the firing waa immediately discontinued, and tbs injured lad wa* removed, in a (tate of ins*nilbilitv, te hu father** house, where Dr. Parr and Dr. Byarliy, wl* ; were in prompt attendano», aioirtaiced that th* bill bsd penetrated through the body, and had eom* out cloie te the navel. The poor little fellow lingered in gnat psiR until «even o'clock on Sunday morning, who» death tsf minated his lufferiagi. The manner in whioh the hey | was «hot seems somewhat singular, a« he wss fonndlvisg , under the cover of the «and hills. It ii supposed, hew« ' ever, that the ball «truck «omi hard lubitanoe, *sd olanoing off in an oblique direction, bad then »truck ti* lad. , IurORTART A »TILL! »T ExMStRRRT» AT SHOSSBST »SI».-A lerlei of interesting *ip*rim*nts hu been ear» ' ried out at Shoeburyoess, ia the preieno* of asmaren* memben of the ordnance «eliot committee, and th» rt- | . eently appointed iron plate committee, Sir W. Ara- 0 .trong, Ac, for the purpose ol fully testing the power i oi tbeold smooth bonana ths new rifled gun*,«geinittb» , itrongeit combination of iron plates and timber vet ex- perimented on. It will be Hen from the following offioial detail that the result of th» experiments wss , entirely conclusive *. to the Immen«» superiority of rifled ordnine*. Th« battery or target ooniiitad of a solid wall of iron ten inohss thlek built up on Thorny eroft's lyitem of dovetailing, and this was hacked in U» (trongeit manner by beaty timber, and braced with ina bar*. The first attack was mid*' with heavy gins, «* pound««, of the old «ervioe pattern, but the various pro» ( jeotiles find by these smooth bore guns made RO per- ceptible tmia^Mtosr, and it waa évident ti»« Ü« bet*W , would «t«noUayam<WB*«fi»hndlBiTrrisn«^»«apsR»»; , , tu net, aftsr »ti the ammunltlo« expended, thewan or iron and timber appeared to he, for all pnetieal parpases* . indestructible. One of the Armstrong 180 ihunt gana ] wa« then placed in position, and fired with a projtetite weighing 1261b. The extraordinary powwoftbswsspaa | was instantly apparent. Buch wa» the «ffeet ef the firing y - of this mass, oombined with Its velocity, that at era»»* _ of 100 yards it cleaned out one of the ten-ineh |»at*M' , the «»m4 time carrying away the beak «apport, Th» next gun fired wa« one ef theordlnary lOOpenndir Aral strong, with a solid projectile, weighing »»Oik. TM battery wa« «truok in another psrt, and a breach wa made clem throagb the «trnoture, the fabric itself bing ?o weakened a* to in*ure ultimate destruction. Tue third shot, with the s»ms weight of prolectll*. wt» directed againit another part of the battery, and iW tested the stability of the «dperincumbènt rm*s*. W resnlt wss oonolusive, a* tb* whola fabrio of th* battery (already weakened) carne down above the point wnlcn was struck. ,* , ... - , The following item« of newspaper statistics will .» read with Interest. London newspaper polities, as nettly as they oan be ascertained, stand thus ¡-Liberal papen, fiO. Conservative, 17; Independent, SO¡ Mentar,!ti» j No distinction ii here made between Liberalan« Whi« or Liberal and Radical i nor between tTonssvvatiy» ead Liberal Coniervatlve or Tory. The number of dally, newspapen in Great Britain and Ireland may'beth,!» eítímatedt-Loudon, SO dally papers-19 noninaana { 7 evening ¡ Birmingham, 1 ¡ Bristol, 1 » Hull. 11 Uv*r- , pool,«; Msnoheiter, 8 j Newcastle, S; Nottwgu»to, U' Jeney, ». Total daily papers in British »«'s* ** "J. , following shows the number of birth, and d»ths^»ws. panera In the year 1880 .-¿Birth« i Loudon, 88; »«»*«*. i A vz&e;É-wsmrT tiMEiTvioMffiï^riNirw yoar Queen thelperfonifieatien of your noble andftreeitl-' »tltutions-rtb« Boveraign of a oonntry which ti, and 1 hope will romani, the ally and friend of my own native land-{cheer»)-of »country whioh, gives shelter to all »nie»/ without asking them to submit to any humiliating eonditlonsy-but only-to respect those laws under whose Selection they live (oheers ) I also admire in her ajesty the most accomplished of ladies, for I have had more than one personal occuien to observe-nay, to feel -that extreme deliesey and tenderness of heart which is not oornmon among persons born in so high . station, ead of whioh she has given *o touobing * proof on a re ctnt and mott melancholy occasion. I am «ore that my word* correspond to your feelings when I ask yon to drink «1th me the health of the model of constitutional «overeittULj the mest devoted e£ daughters, the best of mothers, the best of wives, the safest and most affeo tionate of friends, and, finally, the mostauguatand mum fioent patroness of this institution-ybur good Queen Victorke (load oheers) - Ih* Duke d' AumaU at thi Literary fund Dinntr* A «'S«u-."^-One night last week Lord Ranelagh walked into the lobby with a yonng lady on bis arm. A división was on at the time, and the door of the House wu shut 'Whilst his lordship ead the lady were wait- ing, who »honld oome in bat Mr. Whiteside , end what so natani as that his lordship should introduce the lady to the Celebrated defender of the unfortunate Mrs Yelverton. ' Ano further, what so proper ea thkt the polite ïrléh barriitei (fora politer man than Mr. White- side doe*'nbt live) should, when the door wa« opened, offer fihe'lWy-hi« arm, and eoaduot her into the inner lobby to show her (u the oastom is) the House through the glass door. Well, M this was done and then the lady wa» again conducted back to Lord Ranelagh, and these three' eMod for some time chatting and laughing in thr lobbyi ' Bat what on earth does thi* stream of members rushing oat of the House mead ? And why do they wilk round and round and stare so earnestly at this group ? Well, the fact is that some waggish mem- ber a« be passed, seeing MrJ Whiteside with a lady, had gone luto the Home and set it afloat that Mr. White- side Wa« odteide with Mr« Yelverton, and this waa the result; For five minutes the stream eontinued, until at last Lord Ranelagh discovered why they were soiaddenly enveloped in a crowd, told the lady» who, bursting into a merry laugh, took the arm of his lordship, was marched away, ahd'thr han member discovered that they had been ''sold." And a capital sell it mu.-lUuetrattd An «Id shoemaker In Qlugow wat sitting by the bed-' ?ide of hi» wife, who was dying. She took him by the hand. ?" WeeL (tetra, We're gawin to parti I bee ««en »gaud wife to you, John " "Oh just middling, just middling, Jenny," said John not disposed to commit himself -"Johnl" says she, "ye maum promise to bury me tri titi anJoVkirk-yardiat'Stra'voa, beside my mither. I oouldne reit ra posee among unco folk, in the dirt and smoke o' Glasgow." " Wee!, wee!, Jenny, xnf woman," said Johd soothingly, " We'll jost pit ye in the Gorbals first, brid gin y» dinoa lie quiet, we'll try yon sine» Stra'von* ' ABfiitTi'Oimin.-U-Pollgamy i« a fertile ?Bourne of 3nárrele and bloodshed among them, and the growing esirtj foi9"white man'» goods," to pay for which, m the präsent miserable system of trade, they cannot get sufficient "Ivory, induce» them to send rushy of their criminals to the oout lo be sold to the »laver». As before mentioned, tbey have but few-slaves-a circum stance which i« probably in part aooounted for by the fact that they eat the prisoners ttken in War, where'»« other tribe» only emlavô them. "' A Br/pdLto Dulcot» -A correspondent »end» the following -Scene-a railway stetio» within a few miles of a town where It was the day of the weekly market, end severalJ farmers waiting the train J Enter two farmer« First farmer Wee), hae ye seen the papers the day f 8eoonq>farmer Na, I hin»» seen them ni, fat new« fa in therh to-day» First fermer Han, lina the fechtin' began lb America. Second farmer I houp in -- the news is true, we'll see the pnces noo - Duná*4AHtirtistr. Lord Paltnerston ht» given instraotion» to have a ohapeVbrillt," solely at his own expense, at Lee, m trie parish cïltoratey, en his lordship's estate. Some parts of his-estate are'distanl three miles from, the parish ohurelr. t The present population of Glasgow, including the snbnrbs of Patrick, Govan, Hill-head. Paisley-road, «to, ameuiWto 446,395 In 1811, the population df the sam» disiriot» was 360,138. The* inoreai» therefore is 86,3*7". 7 ArfcirJAK MOBAH« -Their Woman they keep* ontylto minister to their pride, influence, pleasure, and sloth. A man pays; goods or slaves for his wife, and regarda bar therefere'u apiece of merchandise. Young girls-»ven ehildreà ia «rffl»J-»T» miniad to old men tot political .fleet. The ide» of lav», a» we understand it, teams un- known to these people. The inhabitant of the sea oout hu nb'aesifatJsn in bartering the virtue of hi« nearest final'« relatives, nor are the woman1 averse from the trasfiA If only they be well paid. And I will add thit many'bf the Whites wno oome to the oout, sailora and other*,'do blore to dsbavoh And demoralise thèse poor ignorant-natives than even their own ignorance and brutalitf would do. ' Ia * ooUege near the Midland Rillway, about nine miles fpftn Birmingham, there resided two elderly ladies, who, together, with two female domestics, constitute the entire) household A brother of on« of the ladies is a frequent visitor, bst he was absent on the night when the occurrence that we are about to relate took place. Cn that th» sarna direction. Approiohing them unheard," she percerjS thal; fhsy wer* talking earaestly together, and the distinctly oangbt her mistress's name. Continuing to listen wit» breathless attention, she heard enough to aatisfyher that an attempt was to be made to rob the houtei'hS night, and that a third confederate wutoaid in the enterprise. On gaining this important information »he ráade we bast of her way home across the fields, but said ' not .) word ol what «he had seen and heard either to her; mistress or te her fellow-servsnt, Like the horoise of the Forty Thieve», »he kept her own oounsel» end with an equally,suooettful result;, bh» allowed-lh« two ladle» and her fellow servant, to retire to rest et \\)¡fi usual time, Without saying a word to disoora pote jtjiem, and u soon as all wu quiet, »he deliberately began to prepare for the reception of the robber». Con cludlng^t/utt rb,ey weald attempt to enter by the hall door, sna wisely resolved to concentrate her whole eairgje» npon^hit important point Her first step was to tie tegétherAll the bells in the tjeil. slain number,so u to, soand M load an alarm as possible on the appear ano»,of tia thieves She next brpught down a dcrable barreMfsd fowpng-piede belonging to the brother of her mistfesif, wVrt »*. fortunately loaded. Then, placing hersejf at a fmall window Which commanded a vieW of the l^wn.In front, the brave girl awaited, lit solitude and, a!arta»ff,,jth.e Coming of the robbers .« About half-put elevan ", say« the narrative before us, " she descried three mea approaching the premise«. Two of them sealed the gardín wall, end appeared to aot as sentinels, while the jtwrd' forced the gate, and stealthily ap ptoachea., the. heuse. On arriving at the door the look was almost Instantly turned ' The staples hold Ing twqetrong bolts were »aoeessfully. fproed, end the plate aäaShefte «chain bolt Was alto dislodged " Im mediately afterwards the door turned gently on ita hingei, end the girl kaw the burglar beTore "her. At thatfnsteut «hi fired the gun/ bat whether at the man » »K the rîbben startld by thi. sUang. rVSp! vom th» honte In the direction of his comrade« rjn."Ii.,A "nth* nona barrel atIhere iag no doubt thAt they were feat at their leg» ooqld carry Elad thora OB th» l»wn a largo horse bells,' violet .WWW P"1 « «or csrgo »t uongo, ^f?dJl£ ?? .fir? .% MP*iPlrÄd and had for thi» en taken .n defined to found an uyU^br the r*. """fP«WiirW.0«Kinljt0 themlddjé classes v\ -?.» 'vjfrVl *h? M of SaL,bu,ry, Lord JtoW»lK*r AjTIW #nn«lrd, Admiral Beamer»*, Mr. J. thropy, ,£aqM« tnsMtatfon Jn this age of brain work \- ' ' eompetíriofi, Is yew muoh canted, and fortunate are. bound to »ubaorlbo towards Liob will help to soften the hard lot of pi qmwerk and racking atxiety. \- ." .<./ Pr«ffll«*l0iTMi *% whlohen " Old ¡Indian" ngomipa^lpentur, Wa» Wed, lately at Dublin in the Court of ,Pommpn, ßlea* The plaintllT was a Miss Maria Newton, who,'sp to the period when «he became acquainted with, the defendant, carried on the buiiueis of .lm|Ulnei,and. habetiaajrer, ,«t Bugstowq, The d«fe,wdaur» whose- name |s Mnngevin, is a major onl(aU. Wsftï'ffl'îfj' Jb^twreiwi, JSOandfO," who «pent nany pan¿ réai affactloB «s wea, inauoaa by bim toólos» »ok. upon herself u hu future |t»ffie4«'ai:terC|rl»tmM", t)i« ?.»^'.^JiWv^'ani lot^rr. "Iii *W^*^*Fl'W\\*^,'»V^*VSirl*tla^*n^ the i trunk, . appear« »?jw«, nnt qitwptiy «e ,eamt,w1^n| t^nookea¿HoWn. MAO» kW be woand I» «sid te be aangeroaj). v ThTBan Frinötioo-psperr-Saythat th» riohest^oll mine» yet discovered are the Pino Alto mine», "in the .AVeson. territory. They are loeatedoa th?. »'!m1m'lincaf the SiernxMadae/and ar* densely wooded w»th tall pi,ne trees.. Soon after they were discovered, what wa* a howling waite beoame peopled with 3000 inhabitant». A trreat fire has recently occurred at Limoges, A. whole quarter of the town is said to have been destroyed. The prefeot, while courageously directing the operations of the firemen« wss seriously injured by the falling of a beam. - ' , , ' A SIHOUHR OmATio» i» OHMA.--A juggler was on one oooasion exhibiting before a crowd, and peiformeda needle-triok a» follow» .--He firat pretended to »wallow twenty needles, «ngly, and then a pisoe of string, to which they were to bo threaded, and afterwards drawn ont by a looked wir». . On passing down the hook this time, however, the needles had slipped too low, and both hook and needles beoatue fixed in his throat.- After «sveral attempts, he extraotod eight or ten of the needle», and wa« then, brought to the hospital. On pa««ing the finger into the throat the needles were dMtuetly felt, and the hook fauna to be firmly «Red at the back of the pharynx, It wa» «nally detached, end drawn out ¡ and winh lorne dlffionlty four more of the needles, with a, por «oh of the string, w»re removed. The net of the needles could not hy a«y poiiibility be reaohed, either by the finger or by forceps, and the worst festere of the cal» was that the needle«, whioh were all attached to the string, pierced the cBiephsgus in dlfereat direction», ,Th» patient Buffered muoh from dy»pn<a», with greet agony, from a »enseof infiooation in the throat; an emetic wai given, in the hope (hat lorn* of th» needle»,might be loosened hy the vomiting, but only one name away. A probangwas passed during the evening without difficulty, but without benefit i leeches were applied, with oouaider abl* relief for a time, and hot fomentations to the neck, hot great tumefaction, both external and internal, took place, and finally the man died, fiveday« after;the-ee«j àrtt. Ho mnXve^, «eawiOÛow.-tte «ottm oí orpjom smoking and oineïVoious .**'*?. T* ?»?*. «C ty health, along with th* great unoerlaiuty of any b*nefioial remit, precluded the ide«, of performing anyoperation. The Medical Mutiontry in China. By W%llt<m ¿»ek-, hart, F.R.C.8., &e.; A« ERowssaiAR'B GHOST.-Near Suviieihapuram (the town of the gespel) is a lofty red sand-hill, whioh at the beginning of this oentnry was chosen as the firat station, for the trigosorhetera* survey of Benth Indi». About a mile or two distant from this station is an in veterately heathen town called Dismally, abounding with pay-coil» or devil-house», the largest of these, at Just the largest of the altara in tbeie, being dedicated to ki pey called Pooley-Sahib. He is the favourite, i.e. the most dreaded deity of the piso», 1* hymned in a lengthy poem of some merit, of whioh the translation of a, great part wa» read to me, and ii attempted to be appeased by offering« of mutton, amok, and oharoots. And whom do you imagine this mysterious personage to be ! Ton will be a« mnoh astonished as I waa to learn that he ii nothing more nor lei» than th» »plrit of an English officer, of the name of Pole, or Powell, or some oíhet- limitar sams, metamorphosed by the Hindoos into Pooley, who was killed in 1809, at the taking -ot th» Arambooly lines, and aimed book to the station on the hill to-be buried/ Hating met with a violent death, his ghost wa» «opposed to be th» cause of all the »iokneasei of nun and. beast loth» neighbourhood.' A man could ijat .get a headache in a walk past the grave, but the Euglisbmsn's ipirit waa taxed as the author of it» Th* «easel««« IUamulley-itea at length sent a deputation, Inviting the spirit to their town, bribing it with the offer of a> larger altar than any that had been erected there, 'promised offering« inoh aa they ihrewdly imagined would be most grateful to an English oSoer** ghost, and provided, I luppoie, a native poet to prepare a hymn to be lung on peculiarly solemn occasions. This bymu .peak* of Pooley-Sahib a* one of the greatest of hero«»; and the conqueror of Madura, TlnnelTsy, «feo, describes the attempts of his wife (a «eoond Andromache) to dli ??idbjhim from the fatal fight, «peaks of hi« power since de«th to inspire men with madness and to slay with a blow! or a breath wbol» herds of cattle.-From a Memoir of the Rsv. Thomas O a jetan Baalana, R.D. By th« Rev. Thomason Peroune, B.D. CURIOUS SÜXOICAL OTRRATIOR.-The Oatst't Eedo madairc de Míateme relates the following singular oase : -A boy, aeven year* old, had, by some unlucky evolu- tion] let a bit of the tube of a tobaeeo-blpe slip into his larynx. The medical man who wa» oalled in administered an emello, arid jt was believed that the extraneous body had ' been expelled. Rut six days later, ooughing and diffioulty'of breathing recommenced. Thejmenomena revealed by SuroulUtlon were remarkable. There wa* el moat a total absence of reipiratloa In the right lung ¡ only! at intervals a itrange aound wa* heard In it, like that) whioh a ufan produces by blowing through a narrow pip«]. ' Lying on his left «¡dey the patisnt felt the isola- tion of suffocation greatly aggravated, and the breath som d was interrupted in the bronehiál branoh on the sam i lid«: and if the patient then turned on his right sid« the dlffionlty of breathing diminished, and the air ' penetrated freely into ,tbe left lung. The «tethosoopio sign« «»«mod to denote that th* «xtrsnoou» body wa* «¡tufted in the 'right bronohia, and, perhaps, being placed above the ipur, it prevented the free paiiag* of air in oortain positions. Traehaeotomy wa* had recourse to ; jand an inoislon made through four ringa of the wind- pipe» by which mean* a passage wai made for é pair ef pinoers, with whioh the operator attempted to seiae the bit of tube whioh 1ST acron the right bronchia ; but the initpimen» hitting th» obitaele, the latter «lipped into the left bronohia, Every endeavour to extract it being ia rain, notwithstanding the attempt* w«re repeated with variou* Initrnmenti, the operator at length gave it up, trusting that suppuration would in the end expel toe fragment. But on the following day, the ivmptomi be- coming worae, th* extraction wa« at length effected by ?noahs of a bit of crooked wile ! The patient ha* since reooVered completely. Fix« Tiuxs roR HieawATHRN.-The pesce had, all over! Europe, and nowhere more f.h»n in England, turned erorfdiof old soldiers into marauders. Several arieto «reuael equipage* bad boan attacked even in Hyde-park. Every newspaper opntaiued itonoi of trevellan ibripped,, bouad, and flung into ditche*. On* day the Briitol mail waa] robbed ;, another day the Dover ooaoh ; then the .Nerarioh, waggon. On JHonnilow-heath a oompany of horsemen, witjh maiki on their tao**, waited for the great people who had bean to pay their cctrt to the king at Windsor. Lord Ounlitoa escaped with the lou of two horses, The Dake of Saint Alban«, with th» help of hie tersante, manage»! to beat pffth» assailant*. Hi« brother, the Duk* of northumberland, les» strongly guarded, fall ¡ato their band*. They luooeeded jn stop pug thirty or forty ooaoh«*, and rode off with a gnat «HOT ii» kulpeaa, watch*«, »ud jewellery. Nowhere, however, fots the peril «eem to have bee» io great as en the .Newmarket road. There, indeed, robbery was «iga ni*M oa a scale unparalleled in the kingdom »inca the dayk or Robin Hood and Little John. A fraternity of plnaderen, thirty in number, according to the lowwt I eetijnat», *quatt*d,n*»r Waltham- orou, under the «hades of Epping forest, and built tbemtelvs* hut*, from whiqh tbey »allied forth with »word and putol to bid passenger» «tend. The king and Tallard were doubt!»«» too well attended to be m jeopardy. But soon after they had ÍasSed the dkngerou* place, thor» wa» a fight on the ighwav attended with lou of life. A warrant of the lord ohief jqstice broke, up the Maroon village foraihort time ; but the disponed thieves soon muiterod again, and bad the impudenee to bid diGauo* to the govern- ment in » cartel »igned, it wa* said, with their real names. The oivtl power waa unable to deal with this frightful evil-JfacouJay'« Htelory of England. Aa* Ewtsiw RAOR TK OOCBIR-ODIKA.-The next wa* au elephant race, whioh amuaed me' mnoh. i They were certainly much, «witter thal» the her««*, though they only walked. But what tremandou* steps they took I They shook the greaad for on» hundred yardi round, as with the! shook of an earthquake, everytlme their feet esme 'into contact with tti and with their trunk« pointing «freight «at, like the bowsprit of a »hip, their ear» and tail» dlitended, there waa something grand, but «till very o'umiy, about t»*u- galt. They had handsome ears, with four mea in each, on their backs, and two mern on eaoh tide to lead th«m. There wa» a great diiput» whioh »hohldoomelnfin», and th» «pace being rather narrow for ?»?.« °'«.*.. eaormou» animal« to tua abreast, »be*» who got ia front were o«i*.mU«i <u kMp u.«,.. »njt u..» appeared to know what game thty wen at ; for they «did not exactly rae*, but heavily and elumsily, yet quiekly, dodged eaoh other across the course j and, after a most amusing racé, or «hume, the large white on» . came in fini, amid paid* of 1« ugh ter ead soplan*».-AJusntüret1 iii Cochin CMHa By BdwaVd Ersten, ¿moy, China. Great interett and curiosity have been exoited by th» intelligence that the gold digging« recently discovered on the Tangier Riven Nova Scotia, have realised the an ttorpatlons whioh were at flr«t entertained of them,'and th«|i operations are' abodt td be pursued there with the jrraateet activity < A merehent of Liverpool, who is at brekent' in 'Halifax, in a later, dated from that place on th» and Of May, *tate* that the greatest excitement prevailed there on the subjèot, and that the people had no* been fairly aroused to th» importano» of the mines of Wealth whioh lay alinoit at their very door«, for Tan- gier is hot more than SO mile« from Halifax in ail out- wardly direction. The Government araoharging a small license fee to eaoh miner ¡ the «pase allotted to eaeh in- dividual ia 50 feet by 20, and machinery 1« now being jatroduoed for crushing the quarts. The Halifax Rt. porter itetei that many of the digger» are realising'an ounce or gold, and some of the mott fortunate au ounce' end* half, per day. An old Auitmllam digger who has been at the mine« «tates thutl they are rieher than thoee of California and Auitrali». The prenions metal has beefa traced for fifty mile* in the neighbourhood of the Tangier:, and iota* very fin» »imple» or quarte, con- taining gold, obtained from vermut pointe, hav» been 'exhibited at Halifax. It appears that'the digging« at Tangier oan be reached from" Halifax by th* post rasd, and ali» by Water, and that provisions (a moat vital mat- ter! in miling ipecnUtleni) are both plentiful and ohasp. While .peaking of the dlirtiption or the great'Trais .»UantloRephbllo/the T.tw«.,l|ri al«*dingartiel*,'*ay*:' ¿-So shortllvsd hav» been the ddtlnle* of th» AMeriean Dsjiott that aieh who saw* ila rise Blay se» itefall. Lord "'' .itous.wualwtiin'Bo*. ihosMte wa« thea^ofiebf "?-'ipli'j^atolasWto Ëidknrst, Whol* h»pplly «paredtORi, wa» born in Bot »BriMSh Subjeot;^ Ma»ik«hu»Mte »a. ib«»' oi M j .W^'ÄpvWÄ.''We Sr* still pen.loniar l0^L,î.J,?i1f,IVl.,l '*n»'«o»'l»irerJ in- that'wsi deétroyInglh»'work of their »wuhasd.. ? "<i ; , ">? t .ïi"> Ml ¡""UUKJIM- /I! (I AuiUai 