MELBOURNE,.; 1 (From our own Correspondmt,) , 19 th September. The English news has happily, relieved us fur awhile of tfcei ?¡few Zealand bugbear, »nd' of j the Parliamentary steife about tbe occupation licenses. There are,^ however very few topics of interest from England, if we except the details of several extraordinary crimea, and the still exciting warfare tn America. The monthly instalment of English literature and newspapers comes upon us like a refreshing shower when the thermometer indicates boiling point, ¡md for a week at least, half Melbourne I "ill be seen gloating over the doings ol tbe folks at home. On the first day ffB have our letters to read and think » oVer-then the newspapers--then London Punch and the Illustrated Lond0* Netos, both of which are ex cellent this time. PtmcA's picture of j Lord Brougham smoking a long clay pipe »nd quietly receiving Lord John Russell at the portal of the House of j Lords is capital, while another cartoon gives a severely contemptuous lesson j to tbe pettish and contemptuous Yankees in their conduct towards their oldjmother. Louis Napoleon toó, «tâtb furnishes Punen with a subject,.-this time the British lion in the character of a ! policeman detects Nap in his attempt to quietly smuggle away a box of gardines-a rebuke ia time for the protection of Sardinia. In cheap Ute- ' rature, we had the first instalment in the shape of n sixpenny magazine, wearing very much the outward ap pearance of the Cornhill, although evidently of a different model in lite-. ] rary subjects. The Illustrated News I is full of the American war and the j shooting match at Wimbledon, and still keeps up its old character, for varied excellence in its pictures. There are very few new books, the publishers j banging back for the paper duly. For what have arrived there is the same ! rush to our " Colonial Mudie," as j usual, and that excellent caterer to tbe j public appetite for reading, Mr Mullen, is reaping the monthly reward of his I judicious enterprise. j The debate on the occupa'ion licenses still rages like a mimic tempest--no'w ; one side strikes a blow^nd now an- j other-but the thunder is still unable to reach a higher dignity than that, which one can hear on the stage of I the Royal when the gong is not in pawn, and when the peas are hard enough and plentiful. One of your Ballarat Members, Mr W. C. Smith, has made his first speech in the House, and has apparently made a hit. The question is one upon which Mr Smith could evidently bring to bear a con siderable amount of personal experience, and as a speech of practical details is oi more value than twenty theoretical diatribes such as we have been accus tomed to, Mr Smith was fortunate in a subject. His experience for many vears has been directly such as is of use in arriving at a correct conclusion upon the working of the land systems of the colony, and in giving a clear ULtsrance to such experience he has gained for himself a character for practical cooimon sense, which I trust lie will be careful to maintain. lt is thought to be far from impro bable that the Ministry will be defeated upon the occupation license debate should they adhere to the Attorney General's announcement that no amend ment will be accepted by them. It is whispered that Mr Snodgrass has won nver to his ripwa Mr M'Cann, one of the members for South Grant, and that iliis gentleman will move an amend ment which will receive the support of several on the ministerial side of tbe house. I shall be really sorry to see the Ministry ousted so soon, but there can be no doubt of the fact that the Opposition are laying the deepest plans for that purpose. By this mail we have news of the safe arrival of the Garibaldi testimonial -'he sword 6eut to the hero by Vie nna. An engraving of the sword if given in H Mondo Ulustrato, pub lished in Turin, which paper also pays, a high tribute of respect to the colo nists of Victoria for this mark of their cs!teni for Italy's great General. The JIJUI nal iu question is highly amused with one of the subscribers who signed him *>lf " Bomba's Ghost," and with an ther signed " Pió Nono," each of «hom gave five shillings. The Insurance Gazette for July says that the losses by the great fire at London Bridge will fall heaviest upon 'he Phoenix and Sun companies, tbe former losing about a quarter of a ¡»"»on, and the Sun about £200,000. lue other offices who suffer are the J^be, Atlas, Alliance, .Boyal, and liverpool and London. I am told hy lh« Melbourne secretary that the ^erpool and London lose about **0,fj00-an insignificant loss to so wealthy a company. Messrs Holt and Hoskins conclude Tir management of the Theatre Royal Î"» week, having suffered, I fear, con gabie loss. The Opera Company *ÎMer'6) commence their third season ,l Monday night, when several new "Perus are to be produced, although &e;)' open with an old one. , Jî'e applications to have the marriage ^ontied, or cut, by Sir C. CressweU, do Pastmaeh diminish. though the arrears of kw 0Uilllt bv thi8 tàme *° be getting in ti returns j nst published show that <W year 1860 212 petitions were filed for in ,¿*lWn of marriage, only one less than j¿",s¡ and there were 62 petitions, for, 'ioui tePar*t»n, 18 lest than in the pre mJ^T- There were 13 applications for W""101 conjugal rights in 1860. Ul 5^ »ere tried. The fees received ^tedto£2490. -uní0-**!**0 newspapers are now published j, ne in New Tork and the other in Boston. Bttot, **** Patriot has been started at GÄ New York, by the Bey. James N. OnS**' «"h* for its motto: * Truth is iS^nt. Toaras! toaras! ye loyal «W, Patriotic sires!-No more union with [ .ders" The Pins andi fm Palm, pub fr0ltl 10 Boston, contains contributions ÖIIU*} the advocacy of practical or tona, th n* against slaverv." One page tffisyto ^'ftl organ of the Government 