©Mi! lorffffiia. THE MOUNTAIN LILY. " Put a little more coal in tbe grate, Susie; it is so very cold to-night," said old Mrs. Lacy, at the same time laying- down her knitting-, and drawing a little closer to the fire. " Well, it is about time for cold weather. See —to- day is the 17th—the 17th of December. Twenty-nine years ago, this very night, I shall never forget." "What about it, grandmamma?" said Susie, her eyes brightening at the prospect of a story. " Almost enough for a book, or a story at any rate. Pick up my ball, dear," and die old lady heaved a sigh, and, removing her spectacles, wiped them with the corner of her silk apron preparatory to the resumption of her knitting and the narrative. " Somehow or other mv mind has been running on that child all day. It seems to me you look as little as she did at your age, with eyes so large and blue. May Heaven protect" my Susie from her fate ! * But, as I said, twenty-nine years ago, this very night, she first opened her eyes in the home of sister Judy. It seems to me Judy had a sort of foreknowledge that all was not right when, for the first time, she cJasped her babe to her breast and prayed, ' 0 God, protect my daughter !' " It was dark midnight, and their mountain home was shrouded in a sheet of snow. The winds whistled through the tall pines, and dashed the sleet against the windows. A wild cry of agony pierced the air, sending a thrill through the hearts of all within the house. Old Mrs. Benson opened the door and listened. ' It is a woman's voice,' said she, ' somebody lost in the storm.' " Before your uncle had time to go to her aid, she had made her appearance at the door —an old woman all shrivelled with age, her hair white as the snowy robe of nature, her large black eyes glaring"with the wildness of insanity, and her person covered with tatters. A rude bonnet hanging behind her head, and part of a woollen shawl, were her chief protection from the storm. "'Old crazy Luce,"said Dr. Crane; she must leave this room at once, Mr. Lee.' " But your uncle did not bid her go just then, and she sat down by the fire-place, and held out her benumbed fingers to the cheerful blaze. '"They can't get mf now! Ha! ha!' said she glancing wildly at the 'door. ' I'm glad they chased me in here: it's so warm like. What is that V 6he asked, approaching me, who was holding the baby. Your aunt Judy had just fallen asleep. I shrunk in terror from her and hugged the babe more closely. 1 Ha! ha! afraid of old Luce ! All the world is afraid of old Luce !' And she parted her thin lips, revealing now and then a solitary tooth. ' But d'ye think I'd hurt a baby like that ? I had a baby once, and they stole it from me; and to-night I saw them coming after me. They wanted my grey hairs; but I got in too soon. Ha! ha*! Lilies! lilies^ pretty little flowers! Who'd a' thought one would a' blossomed on a mountain side, and in the winter, too P Strange! strange! But let me touch just that little leaf.' And she took the little folded hand from its velvet cheek; and, I never could tell why, but at her touch it seemed to open; and as she looked upon the lines of its little palm, she -went on jabbering:— 1 Short life—sorrow —marry young—die away—almost alone— great city—nobody there but Aunty—better die now, little lily, and lay under the snow by your baby home—hai hal—old Luce knows.' And her black eyes glowed with a fearful meaning. " I never believed much in fortune-telling," continued Mrs. Lacy ; "but somehow I felt a shudderTjorne over me; and I was glad Judy did not hear it. I drew the babe away, and whispered to uncle Nathan to send the crazy woman to the kitchen; but before he had time to speak she had rushed out of the house, and was pone. Nathan and the doctor went in search of her, lest she might perish i storm; but, as they could not find her, thev believed that she had entered some neighbour's house, and would be protected. The nest day, she was found by the road-side, frozen stark and stiff. " When Judy awoke from her long slumber, she asked me "for her child. ' Oh, I've had such a strange dream!' said she. 'It seemed as if my baby was the whitest and purest lily I ever saw, growing in a pot by the side of that geranium there in the window; and I never saw anything so beautiful. And, in the wild confusion of my dream, I fancied a house fill of guests; it seemed like a festival; and I was so afraid that somebody would touch the lovely plant, that I set it down by you for protection; but, while your attention was diverted to something else, a stranger came near, and plucked it close to (he root. Then it all came back to me that it was my darling babe, my first-born; and, oh, the agony of that moment! How glad I am it was all s dream!' " Mrs. Benson looked at me, and I beckoned her aside. We agreed not to tell Judy what old Lnce had said. There was something so strange in the circumstance that, in the wildness of the crazy woman's imagination, she too, had fancied die child a lily." ' • The old lady breathed another sigh, and, winding her yarn carefully round die needles, Well, grandmamma, how did it come out? Did ilie jiabv turn into a lily?" said the bnght-eyed^litfle Susie Berkfey, jj4eut3ialitde'crea~ i' jour JittJe round face,-and merry-blue eyes, be a living, laughing, chattering lily. Sister Judy's dream assumed to her the form of a presentiment; and before the baby had a name she used to call it' Lily.' Gradually, as her strength returned, the gloomy impression of that hour wore awav; and when the christening-day came round, she said to Nathan: ' I have got so used to call the baby Lily that I cannot break off at once. Now, you want her called Eliza; and supposing we place Lilias before it, then I can yet call her by ray pet name. Lilias Eliza Lee—that is a pretty name ; is it not ?' "'Oh, yes, pretty enough to be sure ! but Lily sounds a little'ffat to me; yet, if you like it, I can get used to it in time.' " Thirteen years flew quickly by. Nathan Lee was then the richest man in M . The old house was pulled down, and a great one of brown stone stood in its place. The snuffing and snorting of the iron steed had been heard passing his door; and where his sheep and cattle used to graze were built factories, and mills, and stores, and dwellings. Yes, your uncle Nathan's farm was a village. " Lily was a slender, sweet child. The long dark lashes which shaded her blue eyes gave them a look of sadness; but when she spoke, it seemed as if a ray of sunlight had burst a fleecy cloud, so cheery were her words. Her mother had often told me that she never saw her angry. Hev rich brown curls shaded the whitest neck I ever saw, unless it be yours, Susie; and do you wonder that everybody thought her lovely ? " By-and-b}', she was sent away to B to school. Your grandpapa and I lived there at that time; so your Aunt Judy persuaded me to take her into my family. Two years passed away, and still Lily was at school. Michaelmas Day came around, with its usual festivities. Among the guests at our house was a young Lieutenant Gray, who paid much attention to Lily, and who, I afterwards learned, had been clandestinely doing so for some time. He was handsome in person; but your grandpapa knew him to he in the habitual use of intoxicating drinks, and also of gaming. The next week Lily went home. The Lieutenant visited her, and made proposals to her father for her hand, but was refused. Lily seemed sad at first, but before the week was gone, was as gay as ever. " ' It is nothing but a childish whim,' said J udy. ' She will never think of him again, now that she knows it is against our wishes.' "' Don't you tell it,' said Nathan, 'and I will not have her in the city longer than Christmas.' " So she came back to stay until Christmas It so happened that her birthday came that year upon Saturday; and in the morning she said to me; 'There's no school to-day, Aunty; and if you'll let me, I'll just take the one o'clock train, and go home to surprise mamma. You know I can get back on Monday morning in time for school.' " I could not see any harm in that, and so let her go; and from that day to this we have neither heard from Lily nor the Lieutenant. Nathan spent half he was worth in searching and advertising, and finally sunk under his affliction into the grave. Judy was laid by his side on the 17 th of December, just eighteen years after she first looked upon her only child." The old lady -wiped her eyes; and Susie breathed a deep sigh just as'her mother entered. " Here you are, little rogue, for ever in grandmamma's room. I should think, mother, you would get tired of her." "Dere's anudder beggar in tbe kitchen, missus," said Chloe, peeping in at the door of "grandmamma's room;" "a little boy so pale-like ; 'pears he's most like a ghost." ' "Well, give him something, and let him begone," said Mrs. Berkley. " What a pest they are! Sometimes I almost wish I had a heart to refuse them entirely." " I am thankful you have not, Rosa. Tell the little fellow to come up here, Chloe. I want to see what lie is like." . " You are really growing childish, mother, to send for a beggar-boy to come up-stairs. What good can it do the" child ?" " Maybe not a bit; but I would like to see him." Chloe soon returned with her protege, from whose large lustrous eyes were falling tears which told of sorrow. Unlike most of his class, his face was scrupulously clean; and the rags served him as clothes bad been patched and darned till one could scarce discern of what bad been their original. The old lady offered him a seat near the fire, which he timidly accepted; and, with a series of questions, she soon elicited from him the story of his mother's illness, and their extreme poverty. Mrs. Lacy declared that, if it were not too far to his home, she would go with him some day and see his mother. " Nobody will see my mother long," said he. bursting into a flood of tears. "She must die, she's so sick; and what then will become of Nattie ?" " Come to-morrow, then, little boy; and here, take these flannels to keep her warm to-night; it is so cold; and Susie, just step into my. closet, and bring out that brown calico comfortable; it will do them more good than me. I have got enough without it." And the benevolent old lady lifted her spectacles to wipe away the moisture which had gathered there. " Almost too heavy for you. little fellow: is it not ?" " Xo, ma'am; I can carry it; mother will be so glad; she complains of the cold most all the time. I thank you, oh, so very much!" And his sobbings choked further utterance. The clear, bright morning came; the snowcovered pavements creaked to the tread of multitudes—high and low, rich and poor, furclad and rag-clad mortals. The clock on Trinity's tall steeple had just tolled the hour of nine when Nattie made his appearance at the door of Judge Berkley's great stone mansion. " Come agin!" said Chloe. " Pity missus in you so much las' night It allers spiles eggars to do for'em. What d'ye want this morning ?" " I want to see the lady who said she would go and see my mother," " Must 'a' bin Gra'ma Lacy. She's allere chasm' round 'mong 'de poor folks." Yes, it was " Grandmamma Lacy;" and in half-an-hour John, the groom, had brought out the " grey team," harnessed to the best sleigh; and Mrs. Laey and Susie started on a visit to tbe abode of poverty. Oh,jye who have never known the crampings of cold, or (he cravings of hunger, or anyothermisery which gaunt poverty bringeth, "Go thou and do likewise!" Perchance thy mission may be fraught with similar results. Jt was with :inuch «ffort that the old lady TOB sble to Follow Nattie up the long rickety staircase. JJpon jrriwnjg at ifcB.W^gtUTet J winch was his home, die found lying upona I bed of rags and straw, a gbsstly-looking woman, whom Nattie introduced as hls mother. No article of comfort was there save the quilt she sent her the last night When Mrs. Lacy took her thin hand, and looken into her large eyes, glowing-as they were in the unnatural brilliancy which consumption alone can lend its victim, she thought she recognised there an indefinable something, which secured not only her sympathies, but her affections. " I am dying. Oh, I thank my God that he has sent somebody to comfort my last moments! Will you be my friend ?" continued the dying woman. Then listen to my story of suffering. I must terl it to somebody before I die. I was not always the distressed creature I am now; but oh, I deserve it! yes! yes!" And her voice faltered. " What crime have you been guilty of, that you deserve such wretchedness ?" " Oh, I spurned their warnings! I listened to his deceitful words. For him, whom I loved so well, I left the sweet home of my childhood." Here the sufferer, overcome with agitation, buried her face in the covering of her couch, and wept aloud. " Another story of disobedience and blighted hopes, Susie," said Mrs. Lacy, in an undertone. " Perhaps the haggard woman you see there was once as happy as you, or as was my Lily, of whom 1 was telling you." '"My Lilv! whose Lily ? your Lily?" exclaimed the dying woman. " Who are you, and who is your Lily ?" " My name is Mrs. Lacy, and my Lily was—" " Oh heavens, you are my aunt, my dear aunty5 and I left you—oh, so madly! and I am Lily ." Let my readers imagine the scene. But few words passed, and those few told of her husband's debauchery and untimely death; and Lily Lee died in the arms of her aunt. Many were the surmisings why a pauper's funeral should take place at the magnificent home of Judge Berkley ; and why Susie should afterward be so fond of her pauper brother Nattie, whom the judge had adopted, partly from benevolence, and partly because lie had no son. Oh, false-tonguea rumour! how vain are thy conceptions ! and how unreliable thy manifold tales! 