PROPRIETY. Tho lady who is suing Major Yelverton at Dublin, in order to show that she is married to him, has been tho means of making the public acquainted with tho early history of a singular courtship, and with tho contents of some remarkable letters. We do not wish to comment on her case ; but even she, when sho looks back, must own that she was unguarded, and that a little more rigid attention to pro priety would have kept her out of a very dis agreeable scrape. A young woman who is ready to write to " Dearest Charles" on tho very slightest provocation, and who spent tho first night of her acquaintance with a fascinating captain seated on tho deck of a steamer by his side, and sheltered by tho same friendly plaid, may not mean tho slightest harm in tho world, but she affronts propriety, and may very likely have to pay tho penalty. It would be absurd to say that a girl venturing on those familiarities is in danger of being induced to contract a secret marriage before an Irish priest. But, never theless, she is in some danger. Tho gallant captain, at a moment when his military duties prevented him from flying to her feet, appears to have good-humouredly sent a yachting friend to flirt with her, and this is the sort of tribute to their character and charms which young ladies who forget propriety are apt to receive. But it ought to be candidly said that in her unmarried days Miss Longworth was only doing as a great part- of tho world did too. Tlio fact is, that there is an amazing deal of impropriety in every society, and in English society as well as in every other. That generally nothing bad comes of it is due to tho good principles which English girls are taught, and to tho protection which society throws over young women of tho upper classes by tho mere fact that they are reckoned as ladies. But until a varied experience reveals to us what is going on, we can hardly form a notion of tho numorous instances in which the limits of strict propriety are, however innocently, transgressed. Hundreds of girls have done queer things in their time. Tho most demure creatures in appearance are sometimes the most audacious, and a quiet, meek maiden is secretly wooing a reluctant Corydon or corresponding with a military idol. We need not blame them very much ; but when we see how strong a tendency there is in tho female breast to esoape from, tho trammels of propriety, and also observo how great a gain the observance of propviety is both to tho individuals and society, we get a new view of the reasons why pro priety should be rigidly insisted on. There are few sayiugs truer than that tho virtue of woman is the noblest invention of man. It is not entirely true, but then no sayings are, and it expresses a great deal. After all allowance is made for tho natural delicney and modesty of women, it must be owned that tlheir good conduct is, like all good conduct, in a large degreo the result of the circumstances in which they are placed. Society, with infinite trouble, has built up a systom by whtch the delieacy of women is preserved or created, and men are taught to respect theso in whom this delicacy shows itself. Apart from tho rules instituted in behalf of modesty, it is hard to belicve that modesty can exist. It is all very well in a novelist to draw a lovely being of the woods, all nobleness, poetry, and purity, as decorous as she is frank, and proper in her wildest moods. But heroines are exceptional, and ordinary beings if they were to behave as if tlhey were pure spirits of the forest, and thought they might do anything they liked with impunity, would soon find they weren mistaken, or would only fail to do so because they had list tho power of detecting their own deflections from tho true path. Pro priety is thought too little of because every thing is redueed to so coarse a test. If the issue is, wehthcr violations of propriety would bring a women to disgrace, it is quite incon sistent with facts to pretond this is tho case. A yomng lady may write to half a dozen. Dearest Charleses in succession, and yet be an excellent creabure in her way. But tho virtue of women means -something more than this ; and, if it is asked whethor lapses from propriety destroy nicety of feeling, sweetness of mind , and self- iespect,there can only be one answer. They must do so. They are, in tho first - place, dc- partures from a known rule, and the mere vio lation of conventional right does harm to any one who has not a distinct reason for the infraction. And then tho rules are foutu led, for (the must part, on such obvious principles of good sense that any one who breaks them must have a secret suspicion that reason is not being much attended to. There are, of course, many plausible arguments that occur to tho mind o'f anyone who is determined to take a hazardous step, but the delinquent .sees they are oniy plausihle. That propriety is only fit for old maids; that men like smartish girls, that there is no use in crying out before you are hurt that flirtation is a necessary, not a luxury, and must be had at all cost, may be propositions taht comment themselves to the female mind, but no woman will say that to accept them is tho best way to gain new delicacy of thought, new rcserve and nobleness of manner, and new appreciation of the purity of others. Men have not, however, worked out this great invention merely for tho sake of their female friends, but have been influenced by a perception of the benefits which they themselves derived from it. That the respect men pay to good, well-behaved women is a source of ele vation and purity to those who pay it, may now be reckoned among truths received as axiomatic. Therefore, even if a woman who went a little further than is wise got no pre- cise harm, she still might do harm. Fast girls are a nuisance in many ways, and, even when they are petted and admired, are not thought much of. It is astonishing how very soon the limits are reached which a fast girl may wish, but wishes in vain, would bound tho license she has herself originated. The reserve which precludes -women of doubtful character being made tho subject of conversa tion in tho society of ladies may furnish an example of a good thing which, when once gone, is hard to recover. A woman who thinks propriety nonsense may be inclined to re consider her opinion when she finds her male companions- alluding freely to women who are notorious. If she does not mind it, so much the worse — things must be confounded in her mind which ought to be kept distinct, and she must be inclined to take right and wrong with a fatal indifference. Men, too, are driven into cynicism and a contempt for their species much more readily by finding women lax in the code of decorum which they ordinarily exact than by finding them false, fickle, or corruptible. That every woman is at heart a rake is treated as a piece of poetical exaggeration, in spite of all tho folly into which women are often be- trayed ; but it comes home almost as a first principle when women show themselves indif- ferent to tho decency they affect. Englishwomen are often pronounced cold and stupid by Continental critics, and although they may, in many cases, provoke the remark, yet what is called coldness is too frequently tho mere result of observing our insular notions of propriety to permit us to agree in what is intended to be a condemnation. Even in tho best-conducted fami- lies unmarried women have a degree of liberty unknown abroad, and therefore this liberty ' must be guarded, as a matter of fact it is guarded, by adherence to an infinity of little rules which we have gradually invented. It is possible that these rules may be insisted on blindly' and narrowly, and that modesty may degenerate into prudery. Of course there is, and always will be, a natural tendency on tho part of those who are no longer tempted to transgress these rules to occupy their minds with watching and hoping that those who retain tho envied privilege of youth may lay themselves open to censure. Old maids, in short, delight in scandal, and see tho worst of all possihle motives and consequences in per missible and innocent gaieties. But old maids should be left to talk scandal to each other, and no sensible girl need mind their criticism, and still less ought to form her judgment on tho advantages of propriety merely by going con- trary to tho opinions of those whom she finds harsh and unjust to herself. English propriety is nowhere more valuable to Englishwomen than on tho Continent. It sometimes happens that Continental travelling does them serious mischief ; and this always, or almost always, arises from their having been persuaded that tho stiffness and prudery, as they learn to say, of English propriety may- be advantageously replaced by a manner of behaving which shows that tho enlightened female is both willing and able to walk on tho edge of a precipice without falling over. Things are shown to be understood, and allu- sions are permitted to be made, which English modesty does not tolerate. And this spirit is greatly encouraged by the tone of a large por- tion of modern Continental literature. It has been tho aim of very considerable and popular writers abroad to exhibit the model woman as one who knows how to release herself from tho bonds of conventionalism, who loves ardently and with unreflecting passion, and is only prevented from exhibiting tho most glorious self-sacrifice by her not comprehend ing that a thing can be said to be sacrificed on which she does not pause to set a value' Tho heroine of the English novel and poem is essentially different. She is, when at her best, tho type of reserved decorum and modest self- respect. It must be acknowledged that she is often rather tame; but tameness is by no means a fault, except so far as tho amusement of tho reader goes. Great writers have often ac- quiesced patiently in tho flatness of their heroines, and have felt that great emotions and passions, odd proceedings and strange lan- guage, are not what English readers either wish, or ought to wish, to find in tho woman whom they are vicariously to admire through tho love-making of tho hero. Perhaps Con- tinental novelists may be justified in describing a very different sort of woman, or rather a woman who permits herself to behave in a very differcnt way. They may say that such women exist, and are tho women who really awaken great feelings and absorbing love, that tho feminine heart only shows its capa bilities in them, and that to paint poorer creatures is voluntarily to choose small things instead of great. Unless we come to particular instances, it is hard to lay down any general rule as to what realities may properly be de scribed in fiction ; and that there are women, who are very interesting, and yet by no means proper, is a great deal too true to be denied even by those who wish facts were otherwise. But even if we admit tho type into tho region- of fiction, all that we can do is to institute a comparison between the one type and tho other. Tho attraction of the Continental heroione is that she seems more interesting ; and it is this that makes English readers of Con tinental fiction sometimes think that propriety is a mistake after all. Tho only answer is, that to be interesting is by no means the aim of life and that, as a matter of fact, theso intercsting - women are only interesting at exceptional moments of their career. Ordinarily, a reserved and decorous woman excites much more interest. Women who have ceased to feel or exact respect for themselves are apt to be great bores ; and when once they are felt to be so, the truth is communicated to them with tho most unsparing frankness. While, however, many of the rules of pro- priety have been invented to protect women from their own folly and weakness, and are just as valuable now as when they were first observed, there are others which are primarily meant to protect women from insult ; and if insult is not to be apprehended, there may be good reason why theso old rules, having - grown obsolete, should be laid aside. Miss Martineau has remarked on the great gain it is now to women of respecta- bility who are compelled to earn a living, that they can walk through the streets of London without annoyance and without any one accusing them of impropriety. This is quite true. Tho same change in society, the same increase of order, wealth, and edu- cation which has called women out of their homes to earn their bread by teaching or painting, or any other similar pursuit, has also made it possible for them to do so with out 'undergoing anything that they or their friends could dislike. It is also possible now for women who are not professionally occupied to enjoy many of the advantages of this general security. They can travel by themselves, for example, in a way that was impossible a few years ago ; and it ever we get sufficiently sensible to shake off more of the load of conven- tionalism imposed on tho shoulders of all classes by their affected imitation of tho highest, women may come to do, with decency and impunity, many things that they cannot do now. This process, however, of the extending freedom of women in public had much better go on very slowly. We feel anything but admiration for young women who set off on tours in Norway, or India, or Sicily, by themselves. Governesses, when they go alone, have a distinct business to go through, amd it is wonderful how tho consciousness of business protects the person who feels it, and how the air of occupation and determination it imparts shields her from tho sort of attention she has to fear. We hope that it will be a long time before young ladies who have no call on their time or thoughts will ride about tho country without a servant, or set off tramping on foreign excursions. A day of Arcadian simplicity may come when these things will be harmless and possible, but at present they ought to be discouraged. Until the separation has been made much more clear than it is now, a violation of tho rules of pro- priety which forbid these instances of audacity would confounded with a contempt for the rules which are intended to protect women against diminution of modesty and purity, and the confusion would be a most serious evil both to men and women.— Saturday Review. LUMINOUS FUNGUS.—A large fungus was brought to our office on Monday evening by Mr. M'Alpine, M.M.B., which presented the remarkable feature of being very highly phos- phorescent. The fungus was of the toad- stool species, and about eight or ten inches in diameter. In colour the upper part was black in the centre and shaded off towards the sides to light brown ; underneath it was a very light and delicate yellow. In thickness it varied from one to two inches. When seen in the dark its appearance was most singular. It was so luminous with phosphoric light that it soemed almost transparent. It emitted so much light that the person holding it could be distinctly seen, and from the delicate tracings of its fibres, it had the aspect of a brilliant shell. It was found growing to the stump of an old tree, Mr. M'.Alpine being attracted to it at night-time by its strange light. We are not aware of fungus of this description having been remarked before. It is now at our office, and can be seen by the curious.—Ararat Adv. 