THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND. The following letter has been addressed by the Bishop of Sydney to the clergy of his Diocese : — 'Reverend Sir, — It is my wish at the commence ment of the new year to invite the members of the Church of England in Sydney and the neighbourhood to unite in prayer to Almighty God for the Diviae blessing upon ourselves and upon the world at large. 'A similar proposal has been made in England and in India, and will in all probability meet with a very general response. ' We know from the history of God's dealings with His Church that He bestows those blessings which are sought by fervent united prayer. As 'they all continued with one accord in prayer and supplica tion ' 'in one place,' the Holy Ghost was given. When 'prayer was. made without ceasing ef. the Church unto God for Peter,' his .deliverance .waB granted, the condemned prisoner was restored to the ' many who were gathered together '. in toe house of Mary praying- ' ' At the present time there are circumstances which seem to call upon us to bumble ourselves be fore Our Heavenly Father, and to pray for the grace and guidance necessary for our edification and our union. If we eeek the wisdom which cometh from above we shall receive it, for God giveth liberally and without upbraiding to all who ask Him ' It is, moreover, a time when special prayer will be offered up throughout the world, and we ebould be unwilling to lose our portion of the blessedness which belongs to the Communion of Saints. ' It was agreed at a meeting of the clergy sum moned by myself, that the three evenings of Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday, the 7th, 8th, and 9th of January, should be set apart for tms purpose. The Services will be held in the Church Society's Room, at half-past seven o'clock, and will be conducted by myself and such of the clergy as are willing to take part in them. 'I shall be glad if you will notify this to your congregation in any way you may deem fit, and in the meantime invite your prayers that ' peace and truth' may be in our days. Sincerely desiring that the blessings of this season msy rest upon you and yours, ' I remain, Reverend Sir, ' Your faithful servant in Christ, 'F. SYDNEY. 'December 31, 1860.' 