CURIOUS EPITAPHS. - : A _ From Gleanings in Graveyards. . ' IThe following is in a churchyard' at - Acton, in -'Cornwall:— : I'-if ' 3 ..Here'lie the bones of Richard Liwton, _. 'A. ' Whoso .. deaths : alas I -was 1. strangely 1' fit.--... A brought oh. V ; ; Trying 'one day his corns to mow off, '. (The1 razor slipped and cut his toe off j — £ — f-His toc, or ratber.what.it grew to, An inflammatioa quickly flew to, . yrlVhich took, alas. to mortifying, CO ! '< Aod was the cause of Richard's dying. Here is a specimen of Devonshire dialect, In an epitaph which, accordiog to the editor, is extant '" at Tavistock : — , ;Herie lies Betsy Crudcn ; She wood a leaf'd but she cooden, 1 Twos na. grief na sorrow as made Bhe decay, > But this bad leg as carr'd she away. " The following is still to be seen in; the church yard near Hastings, and the Spelling of it agrees 'with' the Sussex pronunciation:— ' Here lyeth the body of Joseph Dain, who died May fitb, -176,1. £ . ; " " i . Good peppell,_ as j'on pass by. I pray on me cast an I ; Forasyou am'so wounce wousT, _ PA T jAod asll am so. must you be;.. ' 1 . C ; "JiTfTT Tiloreforo- proporn tn follow me. : . " Tbe/jbllowihg is from if tablet . in the' chancel of Sidbury Church, Devonshire," to the mcmory of r, JohrStone, a freemason, who died; 1st. January, " "1G71." We'quofe it as a specimen "of that pun ning.. so ;cotiimon!y found in- epitaphs, of the .--seventeenth ceotury:— t : t. .Qntour great Corner' stoiie this Stone relied ! For blessing to his building, loving moat n . .To build God's, temples, , in works he died , ; '! And lived the 'temple, of the Holy Ghost,. Jn whose; bard life, is, proved an honest frame, i — God can of Stones raise seed to Abraham. " ' One of the strangest epitaphs, in the whole . opllection is that at Gateshead, on Robert Trol- lope, . architect of the Exchange and 'Town Court e; pflfewcastl.etT- ; ' " ">'< , 5 ' Here lies Robert Trollope, A :. "Who made yon Stones roll up, - ; . "2 When death took'his soul up; . .. r His bodyfllled this hole up.' I 0 Earl Stanhope tells us .that, at Chevenicg there <J is still extant a'marble tablet broughtfrom .Tar- ;--ragana by General Stanhope, on which C. Cmcilius 6 pjfais'e'ft his wife for being.' obsequentissima/. most- qbsequious.., Had , Mrsf Pitclianl of: Chelmsford survived, sb'e.might 'probably' have . said , as ,much for. her husband. ; ii-.t j'M Here. Kea the man Richard, .t j Apd Mary his wife ; "" , , ! ' . Theirsurname was. Fritchard, . . \- - They lived without strife ; .. , . , And the reason was plain— : ., -' They abounded in riches, They had no care or pain, f-t't And she wore the breeches. Subteebaseak CnuKCHEs. — Interesting exca- vatinna ate now poing on in the land adjoining the- Presbytery 0f Feriieres-Hault-Clocber near, 'Conches in France, department of tbe JEnre. The. r'-origiir of this exploration is curious: — A cow was. paejipg over the ground, when suddenly the earth opened, and swallowed the poor, creature .--'up, ''its good- folks of- the village declared. The cow had in fact. broken in the roof of a subter- ranean Duilding j and after Crummy had been » rescued from Iter bewildering" position safe and, eound, and every enul io the neighbourhood had .MhqkeU . info the big hole, means were taken to Jtiiih something more alout it. ifo legend told rjpfn'ny underground building, and the antiqitariaDs ' of the viciiti'y. have an unexpec ed treat presented. to tit: in, T'ne place was soou discovered to be a ?; V-tulted chamber eight or nice yards in length, t' seven feet high to the crown of the vaulting, and of about ihe ranie width ; no pavement has been \- yet found, but it does not appear that the excavu- \- ttqii is completed. The subterranean chamber is ' about five' yards north of the Presbytery, and twenty yards from the apsis of the church, and there is no reason to doubt that there exists or did exist a communication, being the first and the ' last. 'The church was originally built in the '"' thirteenth century, and the original tower is still , standing ; but the nave is the work of the six- < teeoih century, v. bile the eastern poriion is be loved to be as old as the tower. It is well kuown , that ac finite 'I'e Chris'iaos v.erc- prohibited from practising their religious ceremonies iu the light of dty, and that they were frequently driven to .-.resort to subterranean places of worship, like their predcceatrrs the early Christians. Such chambers aie found nttached to many abbeys and Other religious est.'.lilLhmonts ; near the Benedic tine Monastery of Jumierco is an immense under ground construction, which is said to extend for mure than a mile, and which baa become famous through the history of Agnes Sorrel The Abbey of Fontenelle or of St. Waudrillc, near Guideline- ,, en-Caux, Is ano.her of these curiously iuterestm. J Olructureti ; arid a third was discovered nome ' time since by cckdiut nt Torp, a dependence of ..»."rn.p-es in toe lorest of Brotnorme. — "'Building News." . '1 Mings Seen fuii the Fibst i'ime. — :It h said > that frtizeu Norwogi'tus, ou the first liglt' o< rore3, dared .not touch what tney concei'". c! were trees budding with fire. Acclimatisation Pastoral Company. — a meeting was advertised to be held on Monday, Dec. 6th', at the Chamber of Commerce, for the purpose of forming an Acclimatisation Pas toral Company. Iu consequenco of the very meagre attendance it was resolved to postpone the meeting to a future day, of which due notice will be given. From the prospectus of the proposed company, and from the ezplanations of Air Galbraith, the only person present in terested in the project, it appears that the object of the company is to import into the co lony a flock of Chinese sheep, the particular breed selected being that of the Ong-ti, con sidered to be superior both in size aod wool, and the sheep being obtainable io any quantity at the Peiho Itiver. Coming from the Io-Cbin mountains, on the south-eastern province of Chinese Tartnry, it would be necessary that, the Ong-ti sheep sheep should be located in the first instance in a cold climate : and it is ac cordingly proposed to obtain for tha purpose a station either in Monnro or in the higher parts of New England. The advantages stated to attend the breeding of the Oug-ti sheep in comparison with that of other varieties, are that, they breed twice a year, and have from three to five lambs, and sometimes more, at a litter, but never less than three ; that t'no ewes produce from five to seven pounds of cleau washed wool, and on good country from seven to ten pouuds, and the wethers from eight to twelve pounds. The mutton is affirmed to be equal to that of the Leicester sheep, and to be likely to be improved by the change from the poor pasturage of the In-Chiu Mountains to Monaro or New England. A calculation has been made by Mr Galbraith of the probable in crease of a flock of 1'200 sheep of the above breed, from which it nppiars that the flock would at the end of three years after their in troduction, and making full allowance for every kind of casualty, number 36,7 15 sheep, It is reckoned that during the first year the produce of 6500 sheep, each giving olbs of wool, worth Is 3d per lb., would amount to £2031 ; and in the second year 13.000 animals would be shorn, yielding 7 lbs., at Is 6d per lb , wbich would amount to £6800; and that in the third year the fleeces of 20 815 sheep, each, weighing 8 lbs., aud worth Is 6d per lb., would be of the value of £12,489. Supposing these calcula tion to be correct, the importation and breeding of Ong-t; sheep promises to produce a very handsome return. The total cost of introduc ing a flock of 1200 of these sheep, including the purchase of station, is just down to a littl: under £13,000. We understand that several gentlemen interested iu squatting pursuits have promised their assistance to the project which, if successfully carried out, will furnish a valuable addition to the pastoral re sources of the colony. As no vessel can leave the proposed port of embarka tion with safety after the end of March, it is desirable that there should be no further delay in taking the necessary measure for carrying out the objects of the company. — Sydney Herald. Defence of Bbahb. — The Germania, Mel bourne German newspaper, defends Mr BrAhe against the attacks ol the Melbourne press. We translate the following passage from last Friday's issue : " It is owing to our German countrymen who took part in the exploring ex pedition that there were not additic-r- ! mtb- haps. Dr Becker succumbed ; Dr Beckler held out against his intention, attended his sick, and prevented, by dissuading Mr Wright from further advancing , the loss of more hu man lives, Mr Brahe remained five weeks longer than he had received verbal instrucctons from Mr Burke, and a week longe- than Mr ..Wills requested him to remain. He providen tially buried provisions for Burke without having received instructions to that effect, aod only left his place JSiigo urged to it through Patton's sickness. / Brahe then rode back to ' Cooper's Creek, foiKui'Wu marks of Burke from which he could iufer that the latter had been there with his companions. He then returned to Melbourne to report to the Committee on the state of tha expedition, proceeded with Mr Howitt, met King among the natives, buried the leaders, Burke and Wills, and returned again with: this melancholy intelligence to Melbourne. Our countrymen have faithfully discharged their duty." In reference to Burke's reaching the Gulf of Carpentaria .without, having seen the eea, the same journal asks,..;' What great deed was it? Already six teen years ago (1845) Dr Ludwick Leichardt (also a, German), explored the north-eastern coast of Australia from Brisbane (Queensland) -to Victoria, Coburg's peninsula, 130 deg. east, passing all the rivers which run into the Gulf of , Carpentaria, and gave them names." No ' traces, havo yet beeu been found of Leichardt, who also died in the wilderness. — Creswick Advertiser. iNTATTTArioi.-.— -"What extraordinary inci- : dents the. rush to the Lachlau or New Zealand has given birth to throughout the colony, :would flll'a volume. But we can o'ertop all :in this, district, and show an amount of mad- brained, excitement to which a parallel, we do believe, cannot be furnished by another paper in the- colony. Everyone throughout the country is by 'this time tolerably well aware that the Bocky Flat Lead for yield of gold and permanency is an established fact. Eighteen months have been expended by most of the shareholders in sinking their shafLs und in reaching the auriferous beet. It was not until a few weeks ago that all the claims on the lead began to yield gold ; but from that period to the present, the handsome dividends realized by the shareholders have, been weekly noted in our columns. Tney have shown anv overage yield of about £7 per share throughout the led, though one week a claim gave £29 per ;hare. Nos. 22 and 23 during the last three weeks have yielded respectively per share £29, £11, and £6 4:5. It must be borne in mind that the lead, i:i which there is at least 18 months work, li.ie been thoroughly tested, not, only in one part but, in Beveral purts, and found to be valuable. Well, lad week, six of the men sold tbeir full shares for £50 each, and posted off to New Zealand.. Two of the shareholders in the Independent Company also told out for £50 each, and at Gibraltar apaity of six men who had tv/elve months work before them, sold their claim for a mere nominal sum, their last week's work having produced 23 ounces. This happened within the last ten I days. We bear that one man who has been j doing a good " stroke" iu one claim on Rocky | Flat Lead, has purchased several of these j shares, and that his income per week on an i investment of something like £300, will pro- | bably reach £50, with every likelihood of it's , continuing at the same rate for twelve months. : Such an amount of infatuation fur distant 1 To'dfields bangs anything we ever heard of, — ' : Talbot Leader. I j The population of enlarged Paris, divided iu 20 i arrondi'seuronts and 80 qucrtiers, now amounts to : 1,C9G,000, being 521,554 more than it was in the : 1 2 arroudissemeuts iu 1856. In the department | of the Seine, the number is now 1,953,000, heing tin increase since 1850 01225,581. 