CHINA. We have pipers from Hong Kong to the 12th of Ssept mber. The Overland China Mail of that date, adverting to the dea'.b of the Emperor, says : —In th* fir north of his vast empire, where he fled for safety frm th<* hands nt man, the destroying angel has Fallen upon him, and secured bim wi'hin the bonds of d<-ath. Surrounded by the mural ro"ks of Tar'ary, and within !hi walls of Z-hol, this mighty ruler has succumbed in tbe flower of his youth, and a na ion of four hundred millions is cast ioto mourning. Where cow are the vaunting* of this imperious prince, who spurned the contact of British power? Where are bis predictions that the " barbarian" armies of Albion and Gaul would be swallo ved up by the frigid elements of a norths'n winter, or the calorific blasts of summer f Like a second Nicholas, he has been the first to succumb ; and as the standard of England waved triumphantly on the Crimean shore, while the Au'oorat of all the Bussians gave up the ghost, so the same flag now flutt' re in the hot monsoon from the lands ceded and conceded to British power, while tbe Emperor of tha great Central Flowery Kingdom and its many tributary principa'.iticB, lies oold acd stiff within bis hunting palace on the northern frontier. Peace to his ashes ! It is not the cuBtom of Englishmen to crow over a fillen foe, therefore let us leave tbe contemplation of such an impnr'ant event in the political history of Chinese Fatherland to the fature, when the people amoogst whom ws have taken up our abode, and in whom our cliiaf interests are centred, have passed over the days of mourning, and inaugurated the reign of a new Emperor. Uappilf, the people are op imists of the most praciical kind, and believe in the doctrine that "whatever is, is righ L ." 1 his buief is vastly convenient for the ruling powers ; and as a matter of inevitable necessity, the nation saes in the demiee of the Emperor the d9Stiny of the Celestial Kingdom rolling on in the course of tim^, as it has done far the last ten thousand years. The will of the deceased Hii*u Fung not having yet been made public, the name of his «uccessor is sti l unknown, although it is probable that he has made ch ice among his three m an st relations, viz , his infant eon, tbn brother who was with him in hia last illness, and his brother Prince Kung, now in Pi-kin In the event of his infant so>'i being nominated, there will be a regency, and the foreign policy of the nation will most probably con'inus pec fi :; in the event ot Prince Kum^'a accession lo the euprera? rule the same result may be expect ; Vut as regards the brntli-r who accompanied bis late >loj sty to til* Yeh-i, it is not si cer.ain that h.u inclinations a'u likely to be p>acelul. As a political event, the death of Uien Fung cinnot be grea ly regretted by any parly The documeti s which came to luht during nor ctmpiing in the North, showed h':t he knpt himsslf in a state of cimpbte isolati u from business, and could on ! y be approached by lus advisers in the most delicate manner even whfD tbeaff'iirs of the Enpirehad cento a rerioUB crisis. It is qui e reasonable to suppose that under a rew ruler tha eovernment of China may voluntarily adopt a more liberal po icy, snd accept foreign intercou se as ai accomplished fact which it is useless as well as impolitic to disturb, or in any way endeavour to un - •ttle. The Overland Trade Bsport of the 11 th states that the restrictions wheh were placed upon foreigners visiting Pekia appear to have "been removed, and many parties are prepa-ing to visit that capital. Upon (he whole, foreign affairs wear a somewhat improved appearance. The import trade in British manufactures at Tientsin is highly satisfictory, but there is no Uport trade, ani the rigmr of lliiclimato is much comjiained of; fx'nni" heat in summer. Bnd intsnee coll in winter. For fi*e months the p'^.c? is frozen no. At Yingtsze (the P'irt of Newchwang'i there ia not much pro pect of a large trade. The country i- p or, producing only peas pulse, etc, which, by a clause ill the treaty cannot be exported in foreign bottoms—so, that ships feuin • there will have to return ill ballast. Besides this there are several drawbacks—the climate has the objections to which Tientsin is subject—the river is shallow and ill-adapted for navigation, and it is frozen up in the winter. An i'regular, though a la.ge trade hat been conducted for so no time at Cheefcp, both in opium and manufactured goods—tin only exports having been pu'sc, etc. The trade is now on the wane, not only from its having fallen inti direct and legitimate channels, but from the circumstance of trans t fees having been suddenly levied, which have stopped the trade. On-the Yangts*ekiang trade appears to be thriving famously. 