POLITICAL INTELLIGENCE. In all probability we shall, in another week, be enjoying our case in an elegantly furnished apartment in Mr. Sneyd's establishment, which the kindness of the Colonial Secretary has caused to be prepared for our reception. For the sake of our numerous readers, we wish to make the most of our time previous to our entrance upon another sphere of duty. We shall lay before the public such items of political interest as we feel assured, will prove interesting, after the jocularity which has become the leading feature in our parliamentary debates.. -'is -...uooinma"ncnest juice of the session is the Privileges Bill. Everybody is to be allowed to apprehend any body else, and the Speaker is to have full power to shy an inkstand; or any other missile at the head of a disorderly member. The. Sergeant-at-Arms is to be provided with picklocks, skeleton keys, and a' band of the unemployed, and his principal duty is to consist in breaking open people's premises, invading bed-rooms, and dragging people up before the bar of the House. Daly's occupation will be gone as far as hon. members. are concerned, and we hereby, give ! warning to butchers, bakers, drapers; and all whom it may concern, that they had better think twice before getting a member on their ?hooks.1'1 .'?'?-?¦'"'¦ Simultaneously with,, the re-appearance of the comet, Taylor has arrived, and, thanks to his active exertions upon the Refreshment Committee, we are in a position to assure outsiders that the soup is exquisite. Watts, who has purchased a pocket telescope, expresses his opinion that tho.lhovdments of his friend of the Western Downs have some connection with those of the erratic luminary in the sky,; which considering the comatose nature of his speeches, is by, no treason unhappy suggestion. We are not in a position to state whore Taylor has been during the recess, but the rumour that he, had gone to America to challenge the Benicia Boy is quite without foundation.-'. He. is, however', in excellent travelling set-to with all his wonted activity. Ferrett suspects that he was at the bottom of the late attack upon the King of Bokhara, whilst Richards inclines to the belief that he has been keeping his hand in nt China, during the late military operations. A private note received by us from the Emperor of Russia; however tolls us thirteen Tayloroffski had suddenly appeared in his dominions, and had disappeared as suddenly, although a large reward had been offered for his apprehension, as he was suspected of stirring up the Poles. This would, of course, account for the hirsute and Slavonic aspect which now charac Stories Western Downs. At any rate, we are very glad to see him in his place in the House, where he was much wanted, and we trust the session will be over in time to let him get away and help our friend Lincoln to give those troublesome Southern boys a gentle castigation. The clause in the Privilege Bill intended to prevent hon. members from lighting, Taylor intends to have expunged in committee Our much respected friend Ferrett, is wo much regret to state, Impressed by momentous and uneasy meditations. He has come to the conclusion that the times are out of joint, and begins to have doubts about the present ministry. He has concocted a series of questions about things in general with which he intends to come down upon the Colonial Secretary when that wily young gentleman is least prepared for them. He has already given poor Mackenzie a sum in simple proportion which has put that worthy to his wits' end. The following is the simple mathematical problem referred to, ?" If a gaol wall costs £7000, what will a lunatic asylum cost?" The members of the government had entered into an iniquitous conspiracy to hide Maranoa whenever he rose to speak, but this conspiracy he has detected and completely baffled. Altogether, what with lunatic asylums, Native Police, and the C.C.L. at Maranoa, for whom he is always making such kind enquiries, he cannot be called a happy man. He wishes to regime into society by reverting to the good old times of thoanciontDritons, and, taking his spasmodic style of eloquence in connection with his knowledge of the private arrangements of the Picts and Scots, somebody has wickedly christened him "The Druid." He thinks a bill should he firelight in to prevent the Colonial Secretary from " again laying himself open before that honorable House. We think Marmion, is only right, however much we are inclined to admire this wonderful anatomical feat when it was performed by our old friend " Jack the Giant Killer ;" we think that such eccentric!' ties on the part of a Colonial Secretary are quite uncalled for. The Colonial Treasurer is in a state of greater perplexity than ever; The House went let him spendnionoy, needle is suffering from a plethora of Citsli. There is one beneficial result to ourselves from the happy state of his finances. With his usual paternal care, he has given at Adam orders to supply our staff With whatever they may send for next week, after we still have been Comfortably' incarcerated iii Mr. Sneyd's salubrious establishment. He has promised to come with Herbert and Pring every day to dine with us, and as it Will all go down to the Supplementary Estimates, We are justified in anticipating rather' glorious times.. The Attdt'iiey-Gcncral agrees with the Bill, and says that if reporters choose to go into that House to report, they fully deserve to be sent either to gaol or to a lunatic asylum. For his own part, he does not see that we have much to complain of, as he assures as we shall lead a much jollier life than we do now. Blakeney, said he has become Chairman of Committees, has ordered a dozen copies of the Courier daily, and swears to annihilate the (last man who breathes a word against us. We hear from various sources that as Soon as the bill comes into operation all " bluster- ing fellows'' who write to newspapers will at once he " put down," to borrow a favourite expression of Alderman 'Cato, whose mantle has apparently fallen upon the Cob Secretary. A reward will at puen be Offered for Walsh's heath ''The Sword of Damocles" will be put to work on the roads.; and as to " the Ghost of Ban Ban its sepulchre " will open its ponderous and marble jaws, and east it up again at the in- vocation of Italy, who will then proceed to put it at rest. for ever', under the provisions of the Act. We forgot to state that Robert, the " Discriminate Economist," intends to insert a clause in the bill to enable everybody in the House to speak as long as they like about whatever they like, and to compel everybody else to listen. We cannot refrain from offering the Colonial Secretary our congratulations upon the liberal spirit displayed in his "Gagging Act;" but we would warn hon. members that we intend to secure the services of Professor Parker for the gallery, so that Captain Coley had better be on his mettle. 