1 - 1i-A ? M- 1 I l-l .'.J RBtUàRKÀBLB PHENOMENON IN INDIA:-, j TO XS« EEITOa OF THE TIME 8. I fjOt- A few momba since ? report obtained currency in the newspaper?, published in ibo vernacular of the East, that et a place called Dbtram Sal, situated in the district of KiiDgra, norih-east of the Pu'i j»fi (among the oonn." tains in the lower range south of the Himalaya), latitude 3J degrees 6 minutes, longitude 70 degree« 19 Alinutes, large «labs or mèteorio'storiës hid fallen in great "quan- tities, preceded and followed by moat singular physical Convulsions. Kooning the proneness of my uneducated countrymen to receive with credulity ' the moat impro- bable stories I waB nevertheless not a li't'e curious to Bear some particulars of . phenomenon ss unusual as it yfta singular from a credible authority, and accordingly «trota to* an esteemed friend on the spot, from whose communication, received by the last mail, I take the liberty of giving' the following,particulars, which may ¿rove alike interesting td your general aa well as seien riflo readers if you think it worthy a corner in your ridely simulated journal. I have tba honour to be, Sir, your most- obedient and humble servant, ! 8YED ABOOOLLAH, Professor of Hindustani, University College, London. ¡ December 2*. ' ¡ ?. Kangra, November 8. ' "At Charam Sal, on the 28.h of Joly, between "the boura of two and three o'clock in the afternoon, the in- habitants wero thrown into a state of the utmost terror and alarm by a series of ;fearful 'shook», resembling in intensity and'power the explosion of an immense powder magazine, and which seemed to shake the very moun- tains from their foundations. In the course of my ex- perience I never met with any freak of natara which so powerfully impressed me with ita grandeur and sub liml:y. Though no stranger to the ravages of the elec- tric oarrent end tbe destruo'ive character of the gigantic thunderstorms which periodically visit the Apennines of the East, I was scarcely prepared for an occurrence so fearfully impressive in its ensemble, yet happily ao free from casualties of every kind. In the beginning'!!' seemed asjf that ' speoial Providenoe whioh temperB the Wind to the ahum lamb,' was about to show ita displea- sure at the distriot by signal severity. Horrible dis- cordant noises rumbled forth from the bowels of the earth following each other with the utmost rapidity. Then succeeded long /and; loud explosions, whiob gra- dually decreased in degree and duration until they became beautifully less. Then came intensely luminous flames of fire, each flame about 12 feet in length, shooting with, extreme velooity from, north to south as though belched forth from. the ' mouth of ordnance of extraordinary size and calibre, These again were replaced by a shower of meteoric stones, which, wherever they fell, ploughed up tbe earth like so many cannon halls. I cannot find words adequate te desoribe the sensation wbioh every- where . prevailed at the sight of thia singular and «tart, ling phenomenon. The over- oredalous viewed it as the beginning of the end, while the more enlightened were fearful of the destruction of iifé and property. Happily,' however, .not a 'sitíele person, was injured, as far ai I have been able to le >rn, though the etones were of BO formidable S'dature that one might well be pardoned for looking with the utmost alarm-not to SBy dread, at the remits. '-..'. "I subsequently strolled over the'field of destruc- tion,' and discovered a number of boulders and meteoric stones of diverse forms and Bize, many of wbioh bore a great resemblance to ordinary, cannon balls jutt dis* oharged from the engines of war, but which when touobed by me felt like so many pieces of ioe. Of course, a pbenomi non so extraordinary ha's been the all-absorbing topi« of >conversa'ion in these parts,, and has given rise lo the most.absurd and highly ooloured reports of witoboraft and sorcery." "... ( faithful version.) SYED ABDOOLLAH. TBS GLOIRE.-A correspondent of the Scotsman, signing himself .' P. M. F." gives the following aoooant of the seagoing qoalities of this terrible frigate :-"Ba', while giving these, facts, jour readers may suppose that I have entirely overlooked that gem of the Frenoh marine, -the iron.plated,. invulnerable Gloire, about which all the aoientiflo minds of Britain have been hazarding all sorts of opinions. Whatever notions may exist in England regarding the strength or seagoing qualities;of this vessel, people in this quarter of t e globe, have no misgivings on the subject. The Gloire wai admirably tested in the recent Algerian trip of Napoleon III. I have spoken with men who assisted in the working of that ship to the Afrioan coast, and they declared that not even t :e Imperial yacht itself, light and trim cut as she is, behaved so well during the heavy gale H which tbs squadron encountered as soon ss itbadluftthe Frmob COBBI. I know.tbat during those gules the steamers fro-" Cette wire unable to leave port in consequence bf the frightful state of the sea, snd that no fibbing squadron in any of the Mediterranean.ports durst attempt to. leave ,its moorings. The Gloire heavily oliurgfd'witb her full amount of ammunitiin, with all her guns, with providions foi* some months, with ter trpratndnus engines, and ber 4 j icob coat of mail the G »ire cut through those giant billows with a steadi- ness little less than the Great Eastern herself when she breasted the galo in the English Coannel during ber first s<?a voyage. I do not judge of the capabilities of the Gloire by : eeraey alone. A few days ago, when walking on the rockbound oaast near the isles of Hjè'es, some milos to thc eastward of Toolon, I «k'ohed the Gloire as ste steamed out of Toulon Bade on an experimental trip, and. passed tbeieles, miking fast towards the Italian coast. . The sea was high, and the surf dashed fi.eroely against the FI) ères rocks, rearing their frothy heads some'-no feet ' above tba "ocean level. Yet, though the ship passed' quite near ' enough the Und to ' enable me to sea the helms- man at the wheel, I cou'd discern scarcely any roll er pitch. Indeed,'the length and ponderous weight of the vessel enables har to stride colossus-like over the Medi-_ t<rraopan waves wi h almost perfect esse. Few heavy ' ships-as instance the return of the Hero and Ariadne from ' America-can behove steadily in a soaway, and though the enormous rollers of the Atlantic have little in common with those ot the Mor du Midi when tho storm winda' hold tyrant sway,' yet I am convinced that the Gloire will conduct herself inlhe deep waters off Finiaterro, as' well, cettris par ibm. as she does in tba tideleaB sea. I asked one of the men who were in charge of her during tbe Algerian voyagp, whether guns could be fired from her port holes aa conveniently as from the wooden Ville de Paris during a rough pea,'and his reply was in the affirmative, the-man observing that he bad paid particular attention to the woy in which the sides ot (De Uloira « dippea* ooiu OD Der outwara ana return voysgo. Now, the French people are not slow in finding faults-even with their own institution;-ind having heard generally: expressed approval of the. "caps* biliiies of this frigate, from high' ' and low quilters, I cannot but consider that she is about as pei ff et as such a heavy-cased ship oan be. -It is the in- tention of the Marine to send her to Brest, where the almost constant prevalence of rough weather will put her qualities to a rouob severer test than they have yet undergone. In appearance, tbs Gloire, wbioh' is far Inrger than any t'f'the other five frégates blindées, does not convey to you the idea of either avery heavy ora very po wei ful ship. Her lines sro so delicate and aym metrical, ber tbreo taper masts so slim and yacht-like, that were it not for her short wide funnel,'which'tells of vast machines below, you might, while cruising round heryimsgine that she was a huge pleasure-boat1 and not tbe most formidable of existing . war-ships. The Toulonnaises are proud of her, and every floe' dey the pleasure-boats whioh line the broad mershant quay sally . out wi: h visitors and swarm around her with wasp-like pertinooi y " ". ' A STEWAUB AND ms GHOST.-Captain Joseph Hossack, ' tbe master of the ship Cyclops, was summoned at the Thames' Polioe-oourt on November 24tn, to answer a claim for, wages by a black man named Peter-Peterson. It appeared that Petersen Bbipped on board the Cjrolops at Hongkong, as steward, for £0 a mbnth. Several obaigas .were, made in answer sgainst the steward. It was stated" by Captain HoBssok that, previous to the 7th of September, tbe steward was slovenly, dirty, and n"g!igent. On the 8th of September, when the ship was off the Cape of Go d Hope, there was a gale of wind, and tho s'eword was missing. Every part of the ship wss searched, but fae could not be discovered. ' It was then supposed that he had fallen overboard and was drowned. An entry was made to this effect in. the oflloial log-book. Eighteen days after this the second mate, who was in the oihin, stumblel over a man's feet in the dark, and upon obtaining a 'light disoovered the steward under the table. 'Tbe mate called out to the man at the helm, saying " Bill, here's the dead steward 1" Bill came to look, and wes so terrified that be rushed back, and tbongh one of the strongest tuen in the ship he went into a fit, and was ill for four days afterwards. He thought that he had seen tbe steward's ghost. A Newfoundland dog, which came down at the same. time with B il, was struck with terror, ran back bowling, and jumped over- heard and was drowned. It turned oat that the steward had been all the time ia the breid locker, where he had , lived concealed, but be had gone out at night and pro- cured food for himself. Tbe locker was in a beastly i state. All sorts of preserved meats and other fool were i missed while the steward waa conaealed, but no one 1 would hive supposed that a dead steward could eat, and the officers suspected esch o'ber. The stevard, on be- < log questioned, admitted that be had spoiled everything ' in the bread locker, and had taken meat ont of the pan. * try. The summons was dismissed. i 1 Hom Soir QUI Mai. Y PENSE.-Miabsel Kamp) MID., iras an old bachelor, ol apo tie« a honour, and a reputa tatlon that scandal never dared to trifle with. A lady, ranch respected by the simple inhabitants of Holmnook, kept his boase. Let ns speak of ber-fair and forty, comely, w^th matronly outlines, bat grao?fal. Pleasant "bf votée, cheerful in manner, aolive in benevolence, Mis. tresa Alice was a great favorite ; no christening or wtd. ding oould go off without her for miles around. The doctor's grandest patients treated ber SB an equal ; for apart from her personal claims to respect and goodwill, she was, it was understood, of the doctor's blood_a poor relation, gentle by birth as she was by éducation. Mistress Alice waa a great authority amongst the Holm- nook lad es on all matters pertaining to dress and taBte. Her own ordinary costume was tn artistic ¿ne. A. large wbite kerobief, made io II to fet like a jacket, elose and high round tbe throat,- concealed her fair arms and shoulders, and reached- down to the waist of her dress, which, in çbedienea to the fashion pf the time, ran close beneath her arm'. In 1700 a lady's waist at Holmnook ccaapied just about the same place where the drapery of a London belle's Mazeppa harness offers ita first concealment toit» Wearer's charms. Bot it waa on her footwear that Mistress Alice devoted her special care. The «hort skirt» . of that .day encouraged a woman to see her understand- , lng qff to the beat advantage. Mistress Alice wore natty high-heeled shoes and clocked stockings-tright crimson, stockings with yellow olocks. One night Michael Kemp, ," M.D., Oxon, was oalled up to oome with every possible haste to visit a sick lady, urgently in want of bia. The níght-bell was rung violently, and the messenger cried to the doctor over and over from the 1 pivement below to make good speed. The doctor did bis best to comply; bot, is ill-luck would bave it, after be bad strnok a light, the candle illumined by it fell down, and left the doctor ia darkness. This was very annoying to the good man, for . he could not reconoila it to bis conscience to light another, and yet it was hard for such a decorous min ._, ' v:» h..». l"ilof tn Hi» ¿arV. nanimnl tin__ evor, better then be expected. His peralte came to hand all right ; so did the tight inexpressibles ; so did the snuff doloured ooat with high velvet collar;' io did tbe buckled eboee. , Bravo' ID another five minâtes the . aotlve physician bad groped bia way downstairs, emerged -from his . stately/ dwelling, and bid run to bis patient's house. In a trice be wig admitted; in a twinkle he was upstairs; in mother second he was by tbe slob lady's bedside, ronni) »hieb were seated a nurse and three eminent ? Holmnook gossip». He was little prepared foi the reception he nut with ; belittle anticipated the effeot which his ippear. .rei was to prtdaoe. Tbs s'ok lady, struggling though,, abe was with severe pain, burst out laughing outright. The nurse said, " Oh my 1 Doatur Kemp." Gossip No.l exclaimed, " Ob, you'll kill me." Gossip No.3 cried, "I can't believe my eyes." Gussip No. 3 exploded with " Oh, Daotor Kemp, do look at your itookings." And' the doctor, obeying, did look at bis stookings. One wis of black silk-the other was a crimson one, with yellow clocks. Was there not merry talk the next day at Holm- nook ? Didn't one hear blithe hearty laughter at* every etreet corner, at every window nuder the limes? What did they laugh about 1 What did they say ? Only this, fair reader: " Boni toit qui mal y pensen-A Book about Doctor», Dy J. C. Jefferson. SEDUCTION AHD MURDXB.-Anne 'PadflaJd. 2?, an un- married woman, waa indicted/or the wilful murder of ber illegitimate child, William Angostos Psdfleld,- It ap- peared she was a respectable young woman,'and her friends resided in Somersetshire. She came'to London, a year or two ago, and went into the service of a gentle- man named Bryant, at Holloway, and sba remained ia the service until the spring of tbe preeent year, when, fa consequence of ber being in the family 'way,, lbs wu obliged to leave the service, and through the Undana of a yoting woman, named 'Preston, a domestic serrant to a family in the same neighbourhood, she wai intro, doced into the house of some poor persons named Mead, at Haokney, and on the 27th of Jane she was delivered of a male ohild, fall grown, and apparently healthy. The priaoner appeared to be fond of the child,' and about tbs beginning of Au just she stated that ber sister wu gout. J into Somersetshire to her parents, and that she wai go. I ing to take tbe child with ber. On the 27th of ftgoit, tbe prisoner dressed the cbi'd and left' tbe h cu sa ot ti« Meads with it ; and when she relumed at night, tb« was without the ohild, and she stated in answer to ti» questions put to her that she bad given it to her sliter. Shortly afterwards the prisoner went into the service of a family, at Notting-b.il!, under the name of Bryant. Ol tbe 10th of September it appeared that tbe dead body cf a child was f jund in tho. privy of Mead's boase. It «ii in a very decomposed state, and one of the arms of the J child appeared to have been cut off. Tba cate on th« part of the' proaaaatlno .wen-- that"tbr-r-wa» thei child of the prisoner, and one ot>'thl questions for- the j try was whether id identiiy wai established. The prisoner, alter entiling into the service' above stated, appeared , to taler/ melancholy, and the principal evidence again« ber .wal a statement she made to one of the witnesses, wbioh vol to the effect that hhe knew a young womin who bad an illegitimate obild, and that she- kept it aa long as ibi could, and that she then took it into a field end gate it some poison, and afterwards threw it in a wateroloeet, and she said that. tbe name of the person who had to so:ed wasi Emma Pidfield, and she added that she bli* something in ber box whiob always reminded ber of tbs oooatrenop. ? After tbe prisoner was in coated; abe «Iso made a statement to the effect tbat abe did not do il herself, and that if ehe was taken into custody «ll would coma oat, and that iha father of the child bad behaved very ill to her. A great number of witnesses were ex- amined whose evidenoe made out the above faots, »ndio the coursé of the case a young man named Frederick Bryant, eighteen years of age, the son of the gentleman in whose service the prisoner had been, was called is i witness, snd he admitted that he bad Bent money to tb« prisoner, and there was no doubt that he wai tbe father of the child. Mr. Beat thea addressed tbe jmy for tbe prisoner, and concluded an able speech by denouncing in indignant terms the conduct of the man who bad sconced and afterwards deserted the prisoner. The jar;, after deliberating for more than an hour, found the prisoner guilty, but strongly recommended her. to mercy, on ic count of tbe poverty, ber mental anguish, snd pievioni good character. Baron Bramwell then passed sentence of death in the UBUBI form, and the prisoner,'who wept bitterly, and exhibited the utmost distraes, wss remond ifrom the bar. EXTRAORDINARY CASE.-A labourer, named John Ashton, from Waterside, Lancashire, was shot it S fin- don Lo-ige, near Thurlstone, daring Thursday night, November 29, under very extraordinary circumstinto, by a boy, twelve, years of age, .named Themis Beeven. The boy's father, whose name is also Thomas Belvue, i'- la an innkeeper, and is gamekeeper'to a gentleman of i thé name of Pilkington. He and bis wife sleep at their ' boase at Board-hill, which is a fjw miles from Thorl stone, and for some abcrt time past their son Thon« and a younger brother have sl^pt alone at Swinden Lodge, which is.COO or 700 yards from any hosie. Six wiebs ego, the lodge wai entered, and a gun 'wis taken away.' The thief was detected, and committed fr tie offence. B'evers, however, bas since been .saffiefecllj incautious to allow his two' boys-who, sa - gamekeeper! son», have probably acquired some familiarity with fire -arms-to bave a loaded gun at the lodgb for; their' pro- tection; ; Between eleven and twelve . o'clock cn .Thursday night, before the lads" retired to bed they wet» alarmed by hearing footsteps outside the lodge. Almcit immediately afterwards an attempt waa .mada to enter the lodge, and the elder lad, supposing another attempt was about to be made to .rob, taef place, opened, tbs H window.and fired at a man whom he saw standing apoa El the doorstep.- Tbe shot took effdot ia the! left brsait. Ri »nd the man fell down and instantly expired, Tbs f|* boya tben ran to the Board-bill to infbrm their tither Hg "what had occurred, and be hurried to the plate. He Bi found the deceased to be a man named Ashton," whom UM be had that day engaged to work for biro. It appeits- El that Ashton, having got intoxicated, hid gone to tba BS lodge, it is "apposed/ for the purpose of sleeping wita- B the boys. They, however, failed to recognise him «? B seeing bim at the "door, and, io- their alarm, fired tbs UM gun without waiting to ascertain who he was. Whether B Ashton had forced open the lodge door before be wu mm shot, we are not informed, but there appears to be so- B doubt that be attempted to force an entranca bstore tbe- RH boy-fired at bim. '? " fBÊ [ VALIDITY OF A MAKRIAOE OH TH« HIGH SEAS.-TM mt [ Dublin Court of Queen's Benoh delivered jadgtnentin m j the extraordinary marriage; caie of; Du toalin v.Diaitl. ,¿1 The question at issue was. whether a form of marriage ¡t celebrated on .the high seas by the captain of a ship w» <~ valid, so far as to invalidate a later marriage oentnete« - with all proper'religious observances, »nd with th« inter- -T vention of a clergyman. Their lordships were uniot mously of opinión that tbem-rriage in the uanepcij ship was invjlid, iriasmrc'j as the common la*.01 '. England was the ¡ex Joel then ia force on board binning tba civil rights of the passenger', aod by which law » criminal offence, if it had been commiited, woaM O' M-^, judged ; and that common law, as settled by the ca«e « tbe Queen ir. Mille , rrquirei the intervention ct w Kp orr's ned clergyman to mako tha marriage valid, 1» BgV plaintiffi wera, therefore entitled to jadgnmK tB« Br hrireises-st-law ot Major Drni'i. ' . ."" E; WJ are informed tbat a serious misUk« kW «.» mt-. committed by- an official etnaeoted with th» Wat-otnef. BM whereby wrong ammunition baa been sent oat for m IB Armstroog-'esnnrñ and »hort Enfield rifles of our a'01' H, in Chica. -Army and Nary aauue. ? g 