POLITICAL. THE XO-CONFIDEXCB MOTION. The sitting of the House of Assembly on ?November 26 was devoted to a reconsi deration of the no confidence motion, which stood adiourned from Friday, the 22ad November. This business, wtnen occupied the whole afternoon until paat 6 o'clock, and which was listened to by large crowds of persons, was reopened by Mr. Dutton, who made a lengthened speech, and did his best to give the subject an appearance of freshness. This it wus difficult to do, seeing how worn out all its materials were by previous discussion. But the rechauffe presented by Mr. Dutton was spiced with some degree of skill. It con tained ingredients equally bitter to both Bides of the House, and, as the honourable mem ber said, was not likely to please either, though he could inform them that he was himself very well satisfied with it. -The new matters which. Mr. Dutton introduced against tho GovernmeBt were that the official state ments of the Treasurer were now being fre quently called into question; and that there was the 'Woods case as an instance of the Ministry's mietakes, in addition to those already brought against them. In reference to the railway goods contract he also found great fault with the Government, charging them with unbusinesslike conduct and gross negligence. But the honourable member was impartial in his censure. Having scolded one side he turned round, like a person who interferes in a pugilistic encounter, and began to scold the other. He proved, in fact, before he Bat down, that the Ministry deserved the worst that could befall them, but that the Opposition were altogether unfit to take upon theirselves the task of ad ministering the requisite punishment. He stated, therefore, that ho was compelled to blame both sides and to vote for neither. This two-edged speech had its due effect. The Op position resented it and the Treasurer found fault with it. But his severity on this point wa3 rendered mild by a remembrance of the service which Mr. Dutton did for the Minis try by causing tho adjournment of Friday. Through that an accession to the number of Ministerial supporters had been gained ; and it was now felt that, however hard members' speeches might be, 'hard words broke no bones,' and that, let the talk be as bitter as it might, there was a majority of one safe on the side of the Treasury benches. This certainty as to what the result of tha debate would be showed itself in the remarks of several honourable members who followed Mr. Dutton. Some of the speeches had evidently been got up for the occasion, and had to be delivered under any circumstances, but it was like fighting with wooden swords. Everybody knew that tho battle was decided, and that the combatants were beyond hurting each other. Asperities, therefore, that would have told severely in the heat of a doubtful struggle, now, except in one instance, fell flat or became changed into jocularities. ' Mr. Grundy, for instance, who appeared to have premeditated a savage onslaught upon the Ministry, only produced the result of keeping the House in a state of laughter, which did very well until ho became learned, and applied to the conduct of the Government a question from his 'friend Cicero,' which others might have applied to some honourable members' speeches, Quausque tandem sbulere, &c.; Mr.'Bagot, who also opposed the Government, 'attacked their sup porters, and likened the appearance of Mr. Magarey, when iu a humorou3 mood, to the entrance of ' Hamlet's 'Ghost' with a joke in his nouth— a new reading of an old play. Mr. Parkin and Mr. -B*kewell supported the Ministry, and Mr. Mildred adopted tho wiss course of promising to support them, in spite of sll their faults, if 'the Treasurer, in rising to speak, would only unfald his views ou the quss tion. of taxation, and give the House a promise ?that ho would be favourable to free distillation. This, however, appeared in the Treasurer's ?eyes to be too high-a price for even Mr. Mil ?dred's vote. He therefore declined !tbo offer, and proceeded to throw himself upon the mercy of other honourable members. His answers to the charges brought against the Ministry were briefly that Mr. Blyth would have been glad to have joined him* little while ago, though he had now discovered -so many faults in him ; that the raking up of- old ques tions was unmenly and contemptible; and that, with regerd to the goods traffic, it was rumoured — though he did cot say so — that Mr. «Blyth had been 'interested in the last contract; whilst 'in reference to Fuller, his sending in three 'tenders, and his other proceedings, looked like ii -conspiracy against the public serrice — a conspiracy whicli the Government were bound to protect them selves against, and this they did by accepting Hill's tender/though they could net have done so if they had readvertised and 4hus put it in the power of Fuller to make trrangoments with the other tenderers. These statements were replied to by several speakers, who fol lowed in support of the motiou, -and the last of whom was Mr. A. Blyth, tbc mover. He rose, smarting under the accusations of the Treasurer, and said that the inuendo as to his having -teen connnected with Fuller's contract was, he believed, a concoction of the Ministry— it was, in .'fact, |C a lie.' Thi3 offensive word, never before' heard, wo believe, inside the walls of tho South Australian Parliament, was, on ??the ruling of tho Speaker, -at once apologized ?for, and Mr. Blyth afterwards expressed his deep regret that he had been led into intemperate language, but it was caused solely by the insinuation which had been cast upon his : honour. The honourable member, iu a clear, and in many respects a skilful speech, then replied to the numerous speakers who had opposed the motion. He reviewed the general grounds on which he objected to the Parliamentary con duct of Ministers, and repeated his views on the goods traffic question, concerning which he also read a letter from Mr. Fuller, correcting several statements personal to himself. This ended the debate, and the motion, having been put, was lost, by there being a majority of one in favour of the Ministry. The Government have r scaped undoubtedly this time, almost by miracle. 'We do not regret the result, because it would have been in every way inconvenient that the colony should at this time be plunged into the turmoil of a ceneral election. But the catastrophe of a defeat has not been averted by the good generalship of tbe leader .cf tho Government in the House of Assembly— tho only member ?of the Ministry who addresxed the House- on Tuesday. We hare frequently had occasion to ,eall attention to indiscretion* of speech in ?dulged in by the Treasurer, but seldom hare we listened to the remarks of that honourable gentleman with leen satisfaction than on the occasion of this debate, when the most flippant sarcasms and the most injurious inuendoes were thrown in the teeth of the honourable member for Gumeracha, who had introduced the motion, and of those who were supporting him. . The consciousness that he had obtained the aid lie needed to enable him to negative the motion of the Opposition seemed to have in duced the Treasurer to assume that cocka doodle-doo style of address which we have always looked upon as a damaging blemish in his Parliamentary oratory. There v« not the slightest attempt at conciliation. How to say the moet exasperating things under - the pretence of not saying them appeared to be his direct and studied effort. This failing of the Treasurer's mast be de plored by his friends who are desirous of supporting him ia his official career, and who give him credit for great industry and busi ness aptitude in connection with' the duties of his position, because it must necessarily bring down upon him, and through him upon his colleague-', the censures of the Opposi tion. There can be no * doubt that the vote of want of confidence which has juat been disposed of was chiefly directed against him, although the remaining mem bers of the Government were included in it. Words of defiance, and heavy blows dealt out right and left without compunction, are sure to return, sooner or later, upon the heads, of those who administer them. We fear that the Treasurer, in the struggle in which he has just now but barely come off conqueror, is reaping the fruit of which he has himself sown the seed. Although we are glad that the Government have weathered the storm for the present, yet we have no doubt they will see that it would be scarcely worth their while to meet the Parlia ment again with so small a majority as that which they can now command in the Assembly. An appeal to the country appears to be inevi table ; but we trust it will not be made until a more convenient period of the year than at present. PBOBOGATIO2T OP PABLIAMENT. Parliament was prorogued on Tuesday, the 3rd December. The address of His Excellency the Governor-in-Chief on the occasion, and which will be found in another column, is an interesting and important public document. It not merely reviews tho busi ness of the past session, and with a few formal phrases dismisses honourable members from further present attendance to their duties, but it takes a brief survey of tbe history of constitutional government in this colony, and presents, at a glance, the chief points of our great; progress during His Excellency's tenure of office. For a retrospect of this kind no more suitable opportunity could have pre sented iteelf than at a moment when the time had come for H13 Excellency to perform hi3 last public official act in connection with responsible government That system of go vernment it had been his duty to inaugurate — an experiment which had succeeded admirably, though owing not mealy to Uie causes men tioned by His Excellency, but also partly to his own statesmanlike character and constitutional tendencies, With regard to the material pro gress of the colony during His Excellency's term of office, the address reminds us that, in 1855, there wa3 not a mile of railway opened in the colony, and yet there are now fifty-seven miles in use, over which annually rolls a traffic of more than 150,000 tons of goods and 320,000 passengers ; that the population has increased since the same date from 86,000 to nearly 130,000 ; that the roods of the colony have been largely extended and its coasts li^ht^d ; and that the exports of colonial produce have risen from less ' than £G90,000 to £ 1,803,000. Besides this, wo have fa'00 miles of telegraphic communication and nearly 1,000 miles of wire, where there was not a mile in 1855 ; and instead of there being only 160,000 acres of land under cultivation, there are now 460,000 acres. His Excellency's address further congratulates the colony upon the large discoveries of new territory by Mr. Stuart, as well as upon the success of tho volunteer movement ; and in reference to the great measure of law reform, which this colony has been the first portion of Her Majesty's dominions to obtain, His Excellency says : — ' It is on that report (tho Commission's) that the amended Act of thia session has been founded ; and whatever difficulties may at first be interposed to prevent its working smoothly, I have no apprehension, if Parliament be firm, but that the natural wish of the country to obtain increased facilities, cheapness, and sim plicity in all dealings with land must even tually be successfully and triumphantly carried out.' The address contains other matters of importance, all of which our readers will peruse with interest, but which we have not space at present to dwell upon. The session of Parliament which this proro gation terminates is one of the longest which has taken place in the colony, it having lasted from tho 26th April to the 3rd December. During this period the number of Bills passed ha3 been twenty-five, of which twenty- two are public and three private. Besides these several have been withdrawn or rejected, and twe or three have lapsed. The objects of this large amount of legislation will be to some extent explained by a brief description of the Bills passed. They have been a3 follows : — To remove doubts as to the power of the Gover nor to proclaim counties and hundreds ; to regulate tho execution of native criminals ; to give powers to the Australian Trust Com pany ; to authorize tho formation of a Gas Company; to amend tho law relating to Post-Offices ; to amend the mercantile law ; to provide for an assessment on stock ; to amend the Municipal Corporation Acts; to declare rtie existence of a Court of Appeals ; to amend the Statute Law Consolidation Act ; to amend and enlarge the Local Courts Act ; to amend the District Councils Act; to amend the Dog Act; to amend and enlarge the Savings Bank Act; to consolidate and amend the Electoral Acts? to autiiorizj the formation of a jetty and railway at Wallaroo ; to amend 'the limitation of actions at law ; to grant a pension to Sir 'Charles Cooper ; to provide for the exclusion of diseased cattle from tho colony ; to repeal tlie Chinese Exclusion Act ; to raise a further sum of money for tho completion of tho Adelaide Waterworks ; to amend the Hoal Property Act ; to pro vide for the year's appropriation of revenue ; to authorise the, construction of drainage at Wallaroo ^ and to amend the Roads Act. From this it will be seen that much legislation of a useful and miscellaneous character has been got through during the present-session, in addition to the passing of several highly im portant measures, including tbe amended Real Property Act, the Act for extending the juris diction of Local Courts, aad the Act for placing the municipalities of the colony on an improved Tooting. Amongst the Bills Io3t those of most' importance hare been ths mea sures proposing to amend the Education Act, the Waterworks Act, and the Waste Lands system. But tlv3 time of 'the session has been largely occupied in other matters than the con sideration of Bills. Debates of unusual len«th took place upon the introduction of tke Esti mates, upon tha Boothby question, an-l upon several Ministerial crises which occurred. With regard to the latter, they began -early in tl»e session aad lasted till its end. Tli£ Ministry which occupied the Treasury-bandies at ??the commencement of the session retained office till the l€th of May, when the change took place wjiish removed Mr. Strangwaje from the Attorney- Generakhip to the depart ment of Crown Lands, and which brought in Mr. Stow and ousted Mr. Bagot. -This re modelled Ministry lasted .until the Baothby question arose, when its members went out ol offica to make room for the temporary Ministry, with Mr. Waterhouso at its bead. After this the same gentleman was called upon to form a permanent Ministry, and he carried out that task by uniting himself with the present occupants of the Treasury benches in the House of Assembly. The long discussions, however, which all these changes involved did not terminate with the formation of the existing Ministry, for a want-of-confidence motion, which waa brought on at the .very close of the session, for a few days rendered the position of tke Government doubtful. They, however, managed to escape, and have at length brought the stormy session to a close. From the foregoing facts it will be seen thtt very few Sills have been brought in during the session whioh have not been successfully dealt with. Jet there are several important matters left unsettled, and which remain as legacies to the next session. The great question of educa tion is only postponed ; and then 'there is the subject of taxation and distillation, which has been overshadowing the Legislature from the beginning of the present session, and which will ere long have to be boldly faced. Next comes the undecided question of immigration, concerning which public opinion is likely for the present to remain agitated ; and another matter of importance which the Legis lature continues to put off, as it would an unwelcome visitor, is that growing burden, thp City Waterworks, All these matters remain, even after the session of seven months. They are not 'slaughtered innocents,' with one exception, because the Government hare been careful not to embody them in Bills. They are rather disappointed spirit?, cheated of their intended forms and lefc to haunt the vacant Houses of Parliament until another session arrives. The businees transacted was of little im portance, with the exception of the act of prorogation. But both Houses of the Legis lature waited upon His Excellency tlie Governor with the valedictory addresses pre viously agreed to, and which, with His Excel lency's answers, wero afterwards issued in a Oazelte Extraordinary. Wo publish the addresses and the replies, which are documents possesiing a permanent interest, in another column. TUB limSTBT. The Parliamentary session just closed left the Ministry in a very weak and critical con dition in the House of Assembly. Had tho prorogation not come to their relief it would have been impossible for them to carry on the business of the country for a month longer. What may be their future course of action we cannot of course foreshadow, but it is clear that they will have to consider whether the public interests are likely to bo promoted by their meeting the Parliament again, without an appeal to the country, under any policy which they caay think it light to propose. The immigration question must necessarily be a very ticklish one for them to deal with. And we arc not sure that it has not been rendered considerably more difficult by the result of the recent City election. From the resolutions passed in both Houses at the close of the ses sion, it is supposed that Ministers are pledged to a resumption of immigration. Should they look upon the matter in that light, then, their strength will not be augmented by the return of Mr. Boucaut. Four other members of the Assembly — Messrs. Owen, Hay, Browne, and Dutton — are about to retire, for the purpose of visiting Europe, and their places will have to be supplied. The elections, however, cannot take place during the recess, as the vacancies must be declared during the sitting cf Parliament. This may probably constitute another reason why a dis solution should take place before the next session. We are not desirous that there should be an nppeal to the country. It would be in many respects inconvenient. If, therefore, Ministers can see their way through their difficulties without if, we see no reason why it should be recommended. But several elections must necessarily take p'ace before tho business of the Assembly can be proceeded with, and it will bo for them to consider whether, under existing circumstances, it would not be better to advise a dissolution, At the close of the last session parties were pretty equally balanced ; tha Opposition were able to show a bMd front, and to challenge the Government to a trial of strength, in which they wero all but successful. A majority of one, though sufficient to retain the Ministry in their seats, tells a sad tale of the ' decline and fill' of their influence, and affords but a poor prospect for the next session. A Ministry so weak in Parliamentary support as that which Mr. Reynolds led in the Lower House could hardly expect to pursue the work of useful legislation which is demanded by the necessities of the position. A weak Government under representative institutions must be a useless one. To bo successful, the Ministry must be strong. At the close of the last session, there fore, we saw no mosle of obtaining a Govern ment sufficiently strong in Parliamentary support to make it efficient but by an appeal to the country; and though that was an event to be deprecated, the necessity for it swmed to be imminent. Tho 'situation,' to use the expressive term of our Gallic friends, will not, we fear, be altered by the elections which are impending, even though the new members for Gumoracha, Light, and Flinders will range thonselves on the side of Ministers. Thia would scarcely give a gain of one vote to the Government. On most questions Mr. Dutton has opposed the Ministry, and if his place were filled by one of their supporters this would not strengthen their hands if Mr. Boucaut were against them. Thoy will need extra support iu losing the in fluence of Mr. Hay, their former coadjutor. In office and out of office, he has been the fast and firm friend and supporter of the Govern ment. He always brought to their aid a clear judgment — a plain, practical common sense— a power of speech which, though rough and rugged as his own northern hills, commanded' attention aud respect by its intense carne3tnes3 and evident honesty. The retirement of Mr. Hay will be a loss not only to the Ministry, but to the Parliament and the colony. He has what not many men of bis years have— ample leisure to devote him self to public matters, and a competence which lifts him above the temptations of mere political adventurers who, by their necessities, may be induced to cling to office if they are in, or to manoeuvre for it if they are so un fortunate as to be out. We do not assert that there are such persons amongst us ; for we hold that in point of public probity and honour our leading politicians will bear a favourable comparison with those in any of the Australian Colonies ; but wo suppose it will be admitted that in the present state of society lower and inferior mctives will sometimes lie at the spring of public action, and that it is not always pure patriotism that guides the conduct of public men. We are glad to think that Mr. Hay's ab3enca from the colony will not be for any great length of time, and that at home he may do something to serve our in- terests, if it be only to give our friends there in his own person an illustration of what tho colony may do for an honest, industrious, and intelligent man, who came amongst us to work his way as best he could, and who, by the force of his character and the earnest employ ment of his talents, returns a wealthy and respected gentleman. Wo repeat it, the loss of Mr. Hay to the Ministry will require as compensation tho return of two or three faithful supporters. 