_..__J?Q.-?S/i°- _ {From th* Liv¿rpóol dlbioH.). London, December 7. THE hubbub now going on ahoot Lord John' higgledy-piggledy choppings anc» changes b our corp« diplomatique was forashtvdowed hen lome six months ego. On the prese-ntition t< the Queen, at the last drawing room, of Ladj OramptoD, then lately Miss Balfe, it wat» statec in this correspondeoee, that the absence of ha j husband from St. Petersburg would be accepta I ble to the ruling powers in that hyperboreir and hyperfastidious metropolis of personal punctilio j inasmuch as the petticoated polka fying potentialities of the Hermitage and the Winter Palace didn't relish yielding the pas of precedence to the British ambassadress, whom they had paid a rouble a head to hear warbling " This magic wove scarf," " Take now this ring," and paternal ligat-of-other-dity roulades a short time previously. A courtly chronicler was in» structed to ridicule this assertion, and did so accordingly ; with . what correctness is now made evident by the trans* fer1 of Crampton :o the much less cramped court of Madrid, where the free and easy Isabella, worthy chip of the Christina block, keeps open house for -all corners without fear of the pedants and prudes of the Almanach de Gotha before her eyes, and disdainful of those hidalgoned traditions which record how a cer- tain king of. Spain was suffered to be burnt to death in the arm chair because none of the grandees present were of sufficient rank to ex* tinguish his Majesty, and provent mm Doing carbonised into a cinder. Lady 0« it is to be boped vrill find herself at home in the Escorial, which, being constructed in the form of a grid* iron, must necessarily - abound in bars, and therefore should be most musical as well as me- lancholy. Through those bara the Irish syren ought to be able; without grating, to sing Miora's Castilian Maid-" Remember the days in La Manche's green shade"--in a style that would soften the Bock of Gibraltar,' which ber spouse will find a rock ahead he little wots of ; more difficult ? than did his father, the Dublin surgeon, find that neuralgic twinge in' Clarendon s cerebellum, [result of too much Birch and tobacco] the curing whereof so animal magnetized the viceroy that he com- mitted metempsychosis, and transmogrified young Gallipot into , an ambassador extraordi- nary-very ;-the enlistment business in America being nearly as bright a stroke of stupidity as Clarendon's own double Bolgrod stupefaction at Paris. When it was decided to move Crampton, other removals became ne- cessary ; and hence those alterations now going on, and of which Finality seems destined never to hear the end irom the blackballer of Blackfriars, who appears determined to aet on the Hibernian axiom thai there are many ways of hanging a dog besides drowning him, and that if you can't convict a man cbarged with manslaughter, ; it will be all the same if you bring him in guilty of sheep-stealing. It is rather strange, however, that to- day's raid upon Russell should be in favour of Sir. A. Buchanan, who is elevated to the rank bf martyr because of being transposed from Madrid to Hague, the minister at the latter court, Lord Napier, being destined for St. Petersburg!., where he was before, in a minor capacity:-minor capacity indeed, in every sense, as the knowing northerns very well knew; and hence'their eagerness to have him back again, aa bis weak egotism,. or rather strong egotism and weak judgment, render bim the very man to be moulded to their purposes, aa' so many of bis predecessors have been, Stratford de Redcliffe not included; and why not send him ? Good reason why ; bat reason not to be told, for it wonld be unintelligible, unless accompanied by what would be un- believable. : A:.fuss is kicked up now for the first time about the injustice of placing one diplomatist over the head of another, out of the order of seniority and'merit. Bather late in the day such remonstrance; and perhaps the less the ' matter ia probed the better for ' the:' object 'of the prober, who may cause disclosures that would astonish bim, just as a.rat-hunt in a Dutch dyke jeopardises the flooding of a province, to use the once fami- liar Canning metaphor. Fifty times these ten years, in thia column, has attention been signi- ficantly called to the nnpracedented promotion of a fifth-rate man from a fifth-rate place, Cowley from Frankfort, to a first-class status, the top of the'diplomatio tree, Paris ; and it has been asked as often why and bon that phenomenon occurred ? The answer, if it could be given in extenso, would furnish the key to the secret history of Europe during all that time, and for a considerable time to come ton ; and it would explain the riddle of his - remaining in Paris notwithstanding all the changes of cabinets here and there, and notwithstanding his notorious unpopularity with bis own countrymen in the French capital, through his niggardly ap ' propriation to himself of the funds as- signed for the hospitalities of the embassy, as well as his lack of all the external and mental attributes proper to such a post. As for his imputed ability, it is the merest moonshine, reflected by friendly puffers, who are all in an amicable scarcely conscious conspiracy to laud a person who seems to do the work of all, because he is involuntarily doctored into the doing of that abroad which makes things plea- sant to all at home, meaning by "all" the outs, the ins, and the coming-ins of Downing street. - If there could have been the faintest question of his mediocrity before, it was self« demolished last session by his arrival here post- haste, to answer Normanby in person, in the Peers ; when he made the most dismal exhibi- tion of collapse and confusion, in a prepared speech he tried to read, for he entirely broke down in the attempt to speak it, ever witnessed in Parliament, - the public, however, being none . tho wiser, for the fiasco was hashed up in' the- papers, and i politeness forbade aiy allusion to it ID the scene of its occurrence. When, therefore, vir- tuous indignation ? is simulated on the score of Buchanan versus Bull, it would be well to get up a little of the same commodity in the shape of Bull versus Cowley. If the ears of the former animal were not be- coming elongated to unparagoned length, it is impossible he coull be affronted with the trash ' there is being nut forward about the necessity of raising certain British missions abroad to the dignity of embassies, in order that our repre- sentatives may always claim audience of sove- reigns they are accredited to ; and hence St. Petersburg!), Berlin, and Vienna are now all ranked in the first class with Paris and Con stantinople. As if to satirise this solemn farci- cality, so much in keeping with the stupendous tomtit at the foreign office who originated ir, the Russian minister, here is raised, or to faa. raised to an ambassador. Really ¿hera ought to ba an order of Saint Josepl Miller, and Brunow should be a grand cross nay grand master. This is the Biron's doing His fine Bomanoff hand is clearly perceptibli in it. None other would be adequate to' tha pompons hoaxability so characteristic of thc stolid noodleised English public, and which causes the enlightened British community tc walk into any trap that is baited with " respect ability," or even with a decent looking counter- feit of that all-alluring commodity. Everybody who bas the smallest cognisance of suoh matters knows that for twenty years. Brunow has had the run of all our offices, from the Treasury tc the Tower, from Weedon to Woolwich, from the India House to the Admiralty, at alltimesand seasons, and that there is no time unseasonable for his talking to anybody and everybody, how, when, where, and upon what ' he likes. His great rolf, as often explained, here, is to sham the rollicking Englishman ; to be twice as British as tba 'native, whose language he talks in all the' dialects of Cockneydom, from the lisp of the mincing Mantalinis of the Alfred, to the growl' of the bargee of Rotherhithe,-slapping bis acquaint- ances on the back, as if with a flail, and shak Jng them by the hand, as if with a blacksmith's vice, in the stage manner of Speed tte' Plough and the old comedies, pretending to ba frank and straightforward above all things, because he " knows that an Englishman will stand ho humbug whereas, as the crafty Livonian is right well aware, humbug is the very thing an Englishman will stand ; and ' that humbug is as necessary to his existence as water to fish, rogues to attorneys, suicide to coroners, or tears for the dear departed to an inconsolable widow about to marry a third husband with the- inten- tion of burying him. Knowing all this the Baron affects to be anxious for an elevation to equality with the headless Cerberus, the brainless triumvirate-Napier, Loftus, and Bloomfield-who keep watch . for poorj hoodwinked Britannia on the Neva, the Danube and the Spree :--the latter being tbe rightly named rivulet, for the very gudgeons therein must laugh at the nation ot Prussians being caught by a man who is sent to Berlin becaus* he is deputy-lieutenant of Tipperary I If that isn't the reason what is? You pause for a reply. Pause on till doomsday, and the answer won't come, however you wish you may get it. " Paws off" will be the futile erv lone ere then. Whose paws ? Brain's. That is the tent English for Brunow's, the velvet of whose paw haa hitherto kept concealed the claw be* neath from nearly all eyes save three pair, namely-those in the present bead of the state, those in the ' head that carried the brains of the Derby cabinet, and. those in that head which is now a death's head, and which the first of these three heads once called " antiquated imbecility,'' to wit, Aberdeen's. His were the most penetrating of all optics ; for they saw from the beginning into the middle of every iceberg, but alack, converted their percep tiou to small account' on behalf of the blind. Why not ? Thereby hangs a tale the most wondrous ever told in modern time?, or probably in ancient times either ; but the recital would be regarded as more preposterous than Munchausen's truth being the only thing which provokes incredu- lity in an age that believes in Beuter and Planchette. Who is Planchette ? It isn't a who, bat a what? Well, what is it? Some- thing so diabolic that it should be reserved for a Christmas ghost-story of forty- Scrooge power of coagulating the blood with apparittonal trepida dation. " Stuff o' the brain!" Yes, and stuff of the body j too ; such stuff as hasn't been seen or heard of, io these latitudes at least, since Friar Bacon's head, which it somewhat resembles 1 it is (a 'mechanical contrivance that summonses, spirits from the vasty deep, or the bottomless pit, but unlike those con- jured by Gladstone, '* they do-come when you do call them," per Planchette. AU table turning, rapping, trances, reading with : the elbows, writing with the soles of the feet, float- ing in the air, and the rest of the biological bosh, are nothing to it: for it is self-acting. Man, woman, or child may, on the instant, evoke the demoniao intelligence that pertains to it, and which it expresses in the plainest manner, without the least ambiguity or circum- locution ;-not by taps, or noises, or symbols of any sort, but in a good bold band of its own ; so that he who runs may read ; and a good many run who do read -run mad, as well they may. It is in hundreds of hands here, but every mouth is closed about-it; fearing "the world's dread laugh," bat the world, that is, the ladies and gentlemen of this world, will laugh at the wrong side of their own mouths on becoming acquainted with the astounding and appalling stranger, shaped like a hear', and entering one's kidney in a way that smothers in per- petual spleen a- bad liver brought to light. Beelzebub of course is the original inventor, but the other gentleman, Bonaparte, took out the patent ;' and after having used it for his own purpose in deciphering the future, and reading his "star," has now thrown it open to the public, who are av ailing of it extensively, at least the British public are, to the writer's certain knowledge, and in a fashion only one degree less staggering than the thiDg itself. The reader will look upon this as nonsense, and so it is, for no such sense was ever known before ; and it is such as well may knock every one of the ordinary seven senses out of us, as it has done with several icdividuals who have hitherto passed for Solomons with divers persons of more than average astute- ness, natural and cultivated. Enough of this subterranean subject for the present; so revert we to Aberdeen,'whose de- mise diminishes most materially the few Palace yard portraits there were worth showing to country cousins, some half-dozen now being all that one would think of exhibiting, the rest "chaff and bran, chaff and bran,"as Sir Pen- draos says to Cressid when the real notabilities had crossed the stage, and the ruck comes on. There is a pen at work at this moment whioh might point the moral of the Earl's life and adorn the warning tale of his death, if he who wields it would but dip it in the well of truth as fearlessly as he did in regard to the villanies of Villafranca. Eothen Kinglake is engaged in treating of the canses that led to the Orí mean war. Will he go back to the causes which rendered it impossible that war coule! ever be other, than the sham it proved, and which those acquainted with these causes knew and said, as was said incessantly here, that it must prove? Will ho explain the studied concealment from the country of that elaborate exposition of Muscovite vie «rs, by the autocrat himself,' in person in England, to the British ministry, which the disgusted and in- dignant Ozar himself made public when ignor- ance was pretended as to bis intentions ? Will Kinglake follow up that mystery which Layard was so intent upon unravelling till he became a , " Maintopman of the Agamemnon," and learned 1 Ute discretion of patriotically treasonous blink ing* discoveries, namely, bow the substance and very words of certain momentous Kremlinised despatches appeared as leading articles in Lon- don newspapers before the receipt of the docu- ments themselves by the functionaries they were addressed to in England ? Let the mem- ber for Bridgewater grapple but with these two points alone, and be need go no further. The Earl is said to have had great antipathy lo any son of his taking part in politics ; and certainlv the Dart the eldest did take waa quite sufficient to ' justify the patera prescient prejudice on that head. There hi been seldom more striking silliness than Hai do'a hullaballoo about model unblushing ladic in an Evangelical condition of no fig-leaf bein transferred to glowing gambouged canvas, sue objection to undraped graces on the score i gracelessness being particularly, ungracious i a young gentleman taught from infancy to ri gard knee-buckless for .Highlanders!as .a mot ?superfluous piece of tailory, and whose pap imported those Elgin Marbles wherein bot pantaloons and petticoats are pre-eminent] conspicuous from their absence. The fonrti son, Arthur, some time member for Berwick, but who resigned to accompany Gladstone 01 that anti-Uiyasean expedition for squaring th circle in the Ionian -Islands, gave, some'goot votes, and made a passable speeob. or two while in parliament; but there is nt doubt he was » bit of a goose, saved frombeibf a whole one because being somewhat of tnt Solon breed. Of the second son, commonly called Sandy Gordon, it is sufficient to say thai he had such a genius tor blundering as almost to distance rivalry io stupidity and conceit ic all tbe bemuddlement of Balaklava. There hia quartermaster- generalship ? shone out . with a lustre of stultification which must have been received by his father's friend of forty years," Czar Nicholas, as a< touching tribute of ' private esteem, nearly equal' to the sparing of Odessa by the grandson of Simon Count Woronzoff. Sidney Herber', ..who said, with truly Tartai simplicity, during the war, " We "are of "aoeorc with our enemy but not with our ally ;" t%us letting the oat out of the bag in a way that musi have exasperated the Bear, only Bull was toe sanyfisd to profit by the Balaam revealment, Aberdeen's third son i».a clergyman; 'and though of the English, not of the Scotch, church, followed the path his father most approved of ; for the Earl appears te have been of the same way of thinking as the great Duke of Shrewsbury, who said that ha would rather bring up his son as à cobbler than a courtier, or as a hangman than a states- man. This was that Talbot who is reputed to have been the only one of h is-race and faith who waa ever converted by theology, apart : from interest, to the reformed creed,. Tillotson having persuaded him that his hereditary tenets were untenable. The wisdom .of this world, how- ever, went with the inducements of, the next; for the Duke, on deserting James the Second, was laden with honours by William, who called him King of Hearts, in reference to his fascina- tion, which he manifested by winning the affections of Queen . Mary, who. would have married him had she outlived her royal husband, made him lord-lieutenant of five' counties, ambassador'(ó France, and viceroy of Ireland ; and during the reign of Anno and part of the reign ot George the First, was the most.envi- able but least envied man of mark in the Kingdom. Yet notwithstanding. all-. this extra- ordinary fortune, added to the rarest gifts of nature, such was. his experience of political life that he said what has been cited in regard to what he would do with an heir, if be had one, whian he hadn't. Probably the heirless Pal- merston may say the, same thing ero he .die ; and, if he do, it will be something like a proper requital of the base worshippers of his success during the latter part of his life. But, after all, the folly of mankind collec- tively, not merely bf the Briton individually, is too grotesque to permit the Comic Old Gentle- man to take leave otherwise than in laughter of the cap and bells wherewith he has so lon.? be- fooled the world. Current events daily furnish fresh reasons for his hilarity, the reasons, to-day being plentiful as blackberries, and consisting of plums, or at - least pruens. , The Christmas crystaline fruit from Frauce now exhibiting in the grocers'windows has upon numerous boxes coDtuining it the frontispiece (highly coloured, in a double sense,) of "the truly British minister." And a truly Gallic quiz upon the sentiment conveyed in that phrase is this pictorial pleasantry concerning the person who has committed the natural enemy of the Gaul to the expenditure of a dozen millions sterling on fortifications whereof the least harmless use that can be made on completion is, for the constructors to blow them up, instead of waiting to be blown up with them.. Fancy a British newspaper reading Paterfamilias, in the tremendous taxa- tion and Gallophobiac war-estimates winter of 1800, purchasing'a box of French pruens, to eat with his lit le snap-dragons and their dam, and receiving-the fruit in a case with a portrait of the prime minister of - V.R. on the top I There is nothing in Moliere, nothing in Rabelais like it; for it combines a practical jocularity with subtle satire, which the elder wits would hardly have ventured upon, at least not at the expense of the English of their day, who, to be sure, didn't learn French in six lessons for a guinea, and. therefore didn't re- joice in that highly-cultivated ignorance upon which ': their ancestry of the present day so congenially congratulate themselves. 