CURIOUS MANUSCRIPT RELATING TO WESTMINSTER ABBEY. A remarkable old MS. relating to the history and privileges of Westminster Abbey is, or was a few years ago, in the possession of the Right hon. Lord Masserene. It forms a roll eleven feet and a half in length, consisting of six pieces of parchment, nearly five inches wide, besides am additional piece, evidently intended as a pro- tecting coverinig to the rest. The first is a Latin legend, relating the mi- raculous consecration of the church by the ghost of the Apostle Peter. The second is an English translation of the legend. It tells that when Ethlelbert, King of Kent, was converted to Christianity by the preaching of St. Augustine, he built a church in honor of St. Paul in the city of London, and that his nephew, then King of Essex, did make and found a noble minster in honor of St. Peter in the west part of the same city, outside the walls. It goes on to relate that the night before the public consecration St. Peter appeared in the guise of a pilgrim on the opposite side of the River Thames to a fisherman, whom he persuaded to ferry him over; that the Apostle, having landed, pro- ceeded to the church, which was immediately filled with supernatural light, and holy angels, and heavenly music. When St. Peter returned to the boat after the solemnity was over, he di- rected the fishermain to let down his net for a draught, and, a goodly number being inclosed, he directed that the salmon should be presented to the Bishop, and permitted the fisherman to have all the rest for his own reward; after which the Apostle vanished. The next morninig the Bishop having heard tihe fisherman's ac- count of the events of the night, found it con- firmed on going to the church by various tokens, as the pavement being marked with the letters of the alplhabet, and the wall anointed with oil in twelve places. It is added that all the suc- cessors of the fisherman in time to come, fully believing the miracle, paid tithes of their fish to the Minister. The third document, bearing the title of "Privilegia Westminsteriæ," embodies a canon of St. Dunstan Archbishop of Canterbnry, in synod assembled with Oswold ofYork, Al- phegne of Winchester, and the other Bishops of England. By this document the Prelates ex- communicate all offenders against the Church of St. Peter at Westminster; that is, all who shall remove, disturb; conceal, or attempt to seize the possessions, rents, tithes, or property of whatever sort that have been bestowed by the faithful on the minster and its monks, or who shall unjustly molest the monks, or shall have conspired to carry off th things given and be- queathed to the said church, or shall have pre- sumed to remove anything; however small, from it, or shall have violated any of its privileges, or shall have consented to the same. All such persons are by this canon given over to eternal flames; the gates of heaven are closed against them ; their names are to be blotted from the book of life : their portion is to be wit' Judas the traitor, and the earth is to swallow them up, as it swallowed Dathan. "But if any person shall better or increase the aforesaid church of Westminster in lands, rents, tithes, or other things," they are to have the blessedness of eternal life; and, being absolved from all their sins, are to abide happily in the prayers and benedictions of these worthy Prelates. The rati- fication of this sentence by several popes is added. The fourth document is a charter of Edward the Martyr, King of England, in which, after stating that he has renewed and honored the Church of St. Peter at Westminster, he pro- ceeds to ordain and establish that whatever fugitive shall in his flight, enter that holy place shall obtain "impunity of limbs and life." The King, moreover, prohibits all officers of the Crown from interfering with its lands and pos- sessions, and confirmed all its previous privileges and liberties. The fifth document is but a fragment, and consists of arguments apparently to be used by counsel, in some cause to be tried by Henry IV. in council, relating to the right of sanctuary granted in the foregoing charter of Edward the Martyr. This document refers to the miracu- lous consecration by St. Peter, "as it is con- tained in the Charter of King Edgar; also to the Charters of St. Dunstan and St. Edward; and it quotes passages from two other charters which are not embodied in this roll. It is inferred that this curious MS. was a lawyer's brief. In the thirteenth century these documents, or others corresponding with them, were actually used in a suit between the monks of West- minster Abbey and the incumbent of the parish of Rotherhithe, respecting the tithe of fish caught in the river. The Incumbent claimed in virtue of his common-law right as Parson of the place: but the monks pleaded the donation of St. Peter as it was intimated to the fisherman on the eventful night of the miraculous conse- cration. The suit was compromised, and from that time the Incumbent received the twentieth, that is half the tithe, while the other half was paid to the abbey. ––––––––––––––––––––– On Sunday evening, December 2, a meeting of an extraordinary character was held in Exeter-hall. It had been announced by means of advertisements and placards that Exeter-hall would be opened on that night for a service, to be conducted by three laymen, Mr. Reginald Radcliffe, Mr. Rlichard Weaver (formerly a prisefighter,) and Mr. William Carter. The promise was kept, and at six o'clock the doors were thrown open. In less than a quarter of an hour, the spacious building was densely packed, and it was deemed advisable at once to close the outer gates. The proceedings were opened by prayer, in the course of which the Almighty was earnestly implored to stretch down His arm from Heaven over London, for the purpose of converting it, and especially for the purpose of checking Popery, priestcraft, Puseyism, and devilism. Mr. Carter read por- tions of the 6th chapter of St. Mark's Gospel, and in the course of a very energetic description of the eflicacy of redemption, assured his hearers that it was not to be secured by lilfting up a poor rotton cross or miserable crucifixes — nor in going to a church with fine steeples, or listening to a lot of fellows with white night- gowns on. All these were miserable delusions. What was wanted was real conversion, the two classes in London who wanted it most being working men, 98 out of every 100 of whom never went to a place of worship at all, and the unconverted nobility, many of whom were cant- ing humbugs. Mr. Weaver followed, and from the excitement which prevailed immediately he arose it was evident he was the principal object of attraction. He commenced by singing a hymn to tlhe tune of "The King of the Canni- bal Islands," in a very loud tone, the auditory taking up the chorus, the words being, "Still I have no Union." He then took for his text, the words, "herein is love," &c.;, from St. John's First Epistle. He then called upon his hearers not to believe that the great scheme of human redemption was moonshine and humbug, but on the contrary, it was able to encircle the and convert the greatest blackguard in London. There were many ungodly persons in that hall who wanted shaking over hell five or six minutes and if that would not convert them nothing would. As the speaker warmed with his sub- ject he danced up and down the platform and shouted hell and damnation with a vigor that was most appalling. Every now and then he denounced the unconverted, then appealed to them to come to Christ, and in the roughest language, and with, the most violent gesticula- tion, called upon those who believed that Christ had power to save to hold up their ihands. About three-fourth of the audience did so; the "contrary" was not put up. During the proceedings several young woman, whose feel- ings were operated upon, fainted, and were carried out. Mr. Weaver afterwards sang another hymn, "I've a father in a promised land," to a lively air. Throughout the evening the audience was kept in the Ihighest possible state of excitement, and at the close of the pub- lic service a meeting of a quieter kind was held for the reception of the unconverted. Rumor has furnished the Dover Chronicle with the following singular morsel of gossip : "Not long since the visitors' book at a large hotel within a hundred miles of the Ad- miralty Pier, received the name 'of a fine old English gentleman,' upon whose head the snow of 70 winters had left but little trace of its pathway. Being an early riser, he the other day left his couch shortly after dawn, to stir abroad to sip the morning air, and unwittingly dropped his purse while descending the stair- case that led from his chamber. Reaching but a short distance from the hotel before he dis- covered his loss, he hastily retraced his steps, and on entering the house, and enquired of tse first person he encountered:(a chamber-maid just emerging from her teens) relative to the truant property. The enquiry elicited a reply that the femme de chambre had herself just found the purse, and was then on her way to deliver it to the proprietor of the hotel, in accordance with the rules of the establishment. A transfer of the purse to the hands of its owner fullowed; and a cursory glance satisfying him that the contents were intact, he informed the finder that he would not forget her, and then retired. Disappointment, and having but little hope that the promise would be fulfilled; the domestic soon communicated what had transpired to sun- dry of her fellow-servants; while the gentleman in another direction, was devising how the most santisfactorily to all concerned he could award the (pretty of course) chambermaid. A. few minutes sufficed for the deliberation and while the finer was in the act of commenting rather harshly on the absence of the prompt generosity in his owner, the ringing of a bell summoned her to an interview with the veritable gentle- man himself. Doubtless, with the rapidity of thought her mind scanned the composition of her wardrobe and fancy added some long- coverted articles of dress through the bounty of the stranger; but to her astonishment, he offered her his hand and fortune, which she ac- cepted, and a few days ago she obtained as a reward of her honesty, a husband. How Tni.i Fours :ENasie CeaPrr?Iis wet PUT TO DEATil'BY TILE CHINESE."The Uong kong Overland Trade Reploort of the. 15thl No vemnber, says:--On the authority of Sir 'Hope Giant's geiieral order, Messrs. Parkes and party were sent " toTungclhow with the knowledge and consent rf the Imperial Commissioners for tio purpose of arranging the conditions of a paciflo repeption of the allied ministers at Tungchow." As mentioned last mail, Messrs. Parkes and Loch were surrendered alive, having ox peri enceed shameful treatment. The other four English captives were murdered-one (Cap tain Brabazon), was beheaded by the Tartan chief, who held hint captive, along with a French Abbe--the other three, 3Issrs, :Ander son, Noomann, aid Bowlby, suffered' the followt leg excruciating tormnents :.-" Theiwrists were fastened.behind their backs to ttheir iklej€s, and wedges having been driven'into ':tifitei their' lashings,- the ropes were wetted. The 'cojose quent contraction caused the most acute toi ment.. Tihe victims were laid on their bellies, and if to ease the pain they fell over on their sides they were beaten up again and thus ex pired in slow agony, the: tortui'or lasting several days." Such is: the- statement contisined in a private letter from the seat of wair written :by'. party little likely to be ill-infornimed On the; authority of the above-naniied general order is sued by Sir Hope Grant, the first maltreatment of the ciptivos took placetat the Emperor's summer palace. This probably refers to Messrs. Parkes aid Lolch, who beiung li the Eairl'of Elgin's suite could give more information' than the other captives. It is not at all likely ,that there was any intention entertained of treating. them differently to the others,' but as it' took time to extract from them the information re quired, they happened to survi've tim torture practised on them, until the allied army thun dered at" the gates of Pekin. A number of French prisoners were' treated in precisely the same manner as the English, but, as yet, the particulars have not been made public. BItUTAL TnrEATMrNT OF A WIFE BY IIER HUSnAND.-John Appleby, -a journeyman in the employ of Messrs. Tillery and Co., fire engine manufacturers, in the .Blaekfriars-road, was charged with cruelly, ill- treating his wife by striking her with a red-hot polker, and other wise beating her. The complainant, a miiddle aged female, whose right eye was. much dis figured, said that she had been married. to .the prisoner two years, and for some time past lie had grossly ill-used her. On the last occasion lihe came home and commenced abusing her;;and because she remonstrated with him lie took the poker from the fire and struck her on the .arms with it. She then got away'fromn him and went to bed, but on the following morning' ho struck 'her again with his fists and blackened her right eye. That morning he d?as so violent towards her that she was compelled to come to this court for protection. -- Mr. Burchlam asked what he did to her that morning.---Vitness re= plied that.he pulled her out of bed and struck her with his fists. Her arms were so covered with bruises from the poker and hot coals he threw over hlier, that shle hadnot streongth to pro teet herself.' The prisoner said thist his wife was a perfect drunkard, and lie could not live with her. She sold and pawned everythingshe could lay her hands on, and neglected his home. -The wife denied his statement. She had not the means of getting drunk, as he spent all the money in drink himself. It was in these drunken freaks that he ill-used her.-In answer to the magistrate, the prisoner said lhe worked at Mr. Tilley'., the engineer, in the Blackfriars road, and he should be able to produce evidence to show that his wife was a great drunknal, and neglected his home.--d3r. Burcham told him that even if such was the ftact it would not jus tify him in beating her in that 'nimnerciful man ner, and burn her arms and body with a poker and hot coals. lie should certoinly cause sonic inquiries to be made, and remsandthe prisoner. A JEw wITr A WaRONG CUSTO.MEr.-A clnning- looking middle-aged Jew, named Abra ham Moses, was charged with an attempt to de fraud Ilenry Harris.. The complainant, a very young man, but who appeared in the sequel to have bee nmuch more than a match for the Jew, said that on Sunday evening lie was in -Liver pool-street, on his way houme, when the prisoner came up to him and, ini a mysterious manner, asked him to step on one side, and then said, "Young man, I want to speak to you. I am just conme from Australia, and I have got a ring of Australiant gold and a silver chain, and I am hard up and must have some money, amnd you shall have them for a' pound." At the same time- that he said this, the prisoner put- into his hand a ring of the color of gold, and a chain that looked like silver, and lie looiked at the articles, and saw immediately they, were. nearly worthless. He asked the prisoner if. the .ring was gold, and he replied,. " Yes, shdp me Got, it is gold, real Australian gold." (A laugh.) He next inquired if the chain was silver, aind he in an equally positive manner asserted that it was. He thln asked the prisoner to come along with him a little way, and lie wanted .to kniow whlero e was going to take him, and muttered something about the -- bobbies. (policemen) being on the look out, and a constable came up shortly afterwards, and heo gave the prisoner into custody.--The lord mayor asked. the witness how lie came to discover so, readily that the articles wiere spurious ?--The witness replied that lhe was an assistant to apawnhroker,'and he understood perfectly well the nature of this kind of goods.-Theo lord maiyoi oblserved that the prisoner appeared to' have pitcliel .upon a very wrong customer (a hitmghl).-Tie compihdnamnt licit said that the chain was merely cbminposed of seome white nical, and tihe ring wais brais, or some common metal, merely partially washed witlh gold. - The two were not-worth more than a shilling. IIe had not iested them, but hlie had no doubt as to the character of the articles. The prisone. said it was no use having .them tested. It was all right whait hIad, bean stated, and hle admitted they were not. geiuine, aind it was no use goilg-to .the trouble of testing.thelmi -The prisoner was remanded, as the. law re quired that tlhey should be fqorinully tested. - STitE NEW BRONif COIN.aG?.-OnTVendes dlay tlhe preparatidlis commenced dt'tli ItliPt flrt the .issue of the new:bronze - coinage,- to?s?s per seOde .the copper .pence :nowv in circulation, and the first issue will consist of tlie penny, tmanut facetured- from dies, the production of--Ir. :S. : Wyon. The new brdnze penny.is a most beaun tiful coli, less iih iliickiiess and .diaiieteCo than the present penny, .but sdmewluit large ~hati the lihalfpeiny, and edged by asiglihtly. olevated .plain border.:. The obverse cotailis a. fine bust of:ler Majesty, the left side- being towatdis tlie view. The hair is parted :across the tcgd, tq slhow Clvo division of tlC:te ick dnd fron4 hair, anm gathered into a plaited knot bobhiti'&. -Tho head is surroundid by a erown of lauree 'skil fully hrouight under the tress, of fro0i'thhi,; fas toepd bqhind with a. graecfully flowing .hand. ot the left slhouder,·.ro a.vrepkcl tiho rens-s ahan.t rook, and thistle, and order of, the ,Garter, the portion 6f the motto visible bdidn:"I Roni So." On thih side of- the coin is the supersoription, "'Victoria, D. G. Brit. Reg. D. F.," in plain Rotan letters. The reverse has Britannuia seated on a rock, helmeted, her shield in her right, while her left hand supports the trident. At her feet are the waves of the sea, and in the background a building like the Eddystone light house, and a ship in full sail, with the super scription, "One Penny." The new pence will be at once put in circulation through different channels, and private individuals who. take the trouble to collect the presenrt coinage will re ceive the bronze pence in exchange, and a per centageo also.--Lloyd's- News. 'TitE ROAD CnrLD M nURDER.-It is not im probable that another investigation of this inys teodious case may take place before the Trow bridge magistrates at an earlier period than the application to the Court of Queen's Bench for c writ admelius inquirendum can be disposed of.. Mr. Hughes, chief of the Bath police, with Mr. Inspector Norris, of that force, two officers of much "sagacity, have for some weeks been dili gently engaged in prosecuting inquiries into the murder at Road-hill-house, and their labors have been so far successful that theyhavoe traced out: the important fact that a chest of flannel, similar to the one found under the body of the child, was worn by one of the inmates of Mr. Kent's hoise.. At present the flannel which was dis covered-with thd,'child is in the custody of the Wilshire constabulary, and some hesitation has been manifested in handing it over to Messrs. Hughes and 'Norris for the purpose of endeavor nlug to procure its identification. This obstacle has at last been removed at the request of one of the Trowbridge magistrates that' the flannel may beplacedin the hands of the Bath officers, and when this has been done, and the identifica tion satisfactorily established, other facts will be adduced, forming what is conceived to be a strong prima facie case against one of tho .inmates of Road-hill-house. The recent "examination as to 'the blood stained garment found at Mr. Kent's residence on the day the murder was discovered rather indicated some' indisposition on the part of the Wiltshire force to co-operato with the otheri police ;. bit it is to.be hoped that the mis take, which it is now adliiitted was made on that occasion, will not be repeated,, and that the efforts of Messrs. Hughes and Norris:may not he thwarted by any;y professional 'jealousy. A Froine' orrespondent fuirther says:--" It ap pears that from the first those officers shared the opinion of dOtective Whicher as to the probable perpetrator of the crimoe.' Tle'eviduneo alleged to have been.brought to light has reference to the probable motive for committing the crime; to the circumstance that "the person suspiected had worn a flannel similar to the' one found near the body of the'child,and to ttle fac' that as soon as 'the boy. was 'iissed she ran in: a :state of the greatest excitemeist to the house of the Rev. -Mr. Peacock, an intimate' frieind of the family, and remiained theie until she was fet?hed by her father, who 'camed greatly 'agitated to:seek" for her. ' Of course, all these facts may be perfeetly coinpatible ivith herainnnocenco, and,, in prepar ing a case for :the magistrates, much 'minust be taken with reserve. ExTRAoltt?in ARY. SArE.-Messrs. Milnoer and sonls, of Liverpool, have just completed nu extraordinary specimen of their manufacture, in the shape of a monster. fire and .thief proof safe, destined for the. use of. a banking-hou-e abroad. This: massive iron chest, if such a term is not altogetliersinapplicable in -dealing 'with such proportions-surpasses: anything of the kind ever previously manufactured. ' Indeed the structure, as it now stands up in-one: of the great workshops at the factory, resembles .an iron house, and is in fact, very., muchj larger than' many ordinary laborers' .cottages.` It stands 101 feet clear in height, has a' frontage of 13 feet, and runs 19 feet in depth,:from front to back. In the, centre of the front of: the saife are a couple of heavy folding doors,. opening outwards, and recessed inwards another similar pair of folding doors, thus forming a' double en trance to 'what is termed the "outer 'room." Stepping into this roomn, the visitor is confronted by a solid wall of iron, fitted with a third pair of folding doors, which gives accss to the bullion chamber, a rather commodious apartment, which might also srv.o the purqos2s of a bank. parlor, being twelve feet wide by ten feet, anudupwards often feet in height. In.-.this inner sanetuim will be deposited the- most valuable deeds dand gold coin, which it is presumed, ,will: lie as safe hero. as human ' forcsight'. can make them. Fire . and. thieves are alike defied. 'The :outer walls are construcited of forty-five iron slabs, half. an inch ini. thick ness, ten feet six inches in heighlit,and two feet six inches broad.. A hollow space of 11 inch in tervenes between the :outer and inner 'walls. The "ihner. walls,"' whileadding to the strength of the safe, give it the quality- of resisting fire, for they consist. of a series of thirty chiambers, constructed in tie maimnner common:to all Messrs. Miliner's safes, and fitted., with the' composition which keeps 'the interior of the safe cool: 'lhi:e its exterior may, be exposed .to :the fiercest con flagration. These chambers, or inner walls, are :four 'and a halft inches: in thickness,i and the " roof " of the 'safe is of similar construction. :Tihe same preeautions'gainst firoe are not neces sary with regard to the flooring, which will rest eventually on a:stone slab; but in order to'knit the framework of this :remarkable edifice to gether, and 'give it proportionate- strength,: the flooi consists.of twoi thicknesses of. iion plates. Both the outer walls and thie fir'chambers aro piit together with aigle-ironi borsand'plates and plate bars, fixed and riveted so as to afford the utmost poissible trengthl i The total weight of the safe, as it stands on the floor of the work shop, is about forty toins: and wlhen we' statle thaht:the greatest safe which has ever beon con structed on the premises before weighlcd bult ten tons, a comijarative'idea of tihe step whliceh haIs hbecu tikens in adlvance of everything od:tlohe kitid that has gone before it is at once gained. The, dost 'will be aboti £1200.q-Liverpool Coitier,; HIOLLOWAy's PILts.-Bilous iand liver com-. plainksre a gre.tnsource of yorry, ahnnyaince, and distrimetiveimess,' to tliose w:ho are unfor tunately troubled with;, thein, they iequeutitly leohd'i thewaorst phhsos :of humaisuffelring, yet how maiing, are thus 'iffRictetd,' . 'uInloiing th means of cure placed within their grasp; to such we can only say, just take a few boxes of Holloway's pill, according to the directions laid down by Professor Holloway, and your ailments will quickly leave you; in short all the diseases incidental to the human frame may be quickly subdued by these inestimable pills. A gentleman who spoke of having been struck by a lady's beauty is advised to kiss the rod. ––––––––––––––––––––– KIAMA:- Printed and published by the proprietors, DAVID L. WAUGH, of Jamberoo, and WILLIAM D. MEARES, Jun., of Kiama, at the Examiner General Printing-office, Shoal haven-street, Kiama, aforesaid. Tuesday March 5, 1861. 