. CURIOUS EPITAPHS. , . (T<rom Gleanings in Graveyards.) The following- is in a churchyard at Acton; in Cornwall i , „ . ' Here lie the bones of Rieliqrd Lawton, Whoso death, alas I, was strangely htought on. Trying ono day his cores to mow on, The razor Blippcd and eut liii too off; - H|s toe, or rathbr what it grew to,;. < . An iiiflatrimatioii quickly flow to, ' Which took, alas, to mortifying, And was the oapse ot Richard's dying-. ' ; Hero is a specimen of; Devonshire ' dialeet, in an epitaph which, riccordiug to the. editor, is extant at Tavistock i — j Here lieB'Botsy Cmilen ; ! ; She wood a leaf'd but.6ho qooden.' '- 'Twas no grief na sprrqw ns made she decay, But this bad leg' as cafr'd alio away. .The following ia' still to be. seen in the churchyard licar "Hastings, and.. the. spelling of 'which agrees with the: Sussex pronuncia tion: — . ' I.-: ; ' ,.... ' ' Here lycth the body of Joseph Dora, who died May 2G, 1751. :t! : Good pcppell, as you pass by, ' - \- i L I prnyqn mo east nil, I ; . For as'you oinBo wounco wous I, ." And as I am so must yon bo; . , 1 Therefore prepare to follow me. Tho following is from a tablet in the chance of Sidbury Church, Devonshire, to the memory Of John Stone, a- froeniaeon, who died 1st January, 1G17. Wo quoto'it as a specimen of that punning so commonly; found in epitaphs of tlio Bevontcentli century : — ' On our great Corner-stone this Stone relied Foi blessing, to Ilia bui'dlng loving most To build God's temples, in works be died And lived the Temple of tho Holy Ghost, Io whose hard life is proved an honest frame, God ean of Stones miss seed to Abraham. Ono of tho strangest epitaphs in tho whole collection is that at Gateshead, on. Robert- Trollope, architect of tho Excliaugo and Town Court of Newcastle: — Hero lias Robert Trollop, who made yon Stones roll up, when death look bis soul lip, His body filled this hole up. ; ' Earl Stnnhopo tells us that at Chevoning there ia still extant a marble tablet brought from Tarragona- by General Stanhope, on which C. Ctocilius. praises his wife for being " obsepucntissima," most obsequious. Had Mrs. Pritchard of Chelmsford survived she might probably lmvo said as much dor i her husband. Here lies tho man Richard, And Mary bis wifa ; Their snrnamo was Pritchard, They lived without strife ; And tile reason was plain — They abounded in riches, They find no caro or pain, And his wifo woie the breeches. Acceptance of Teems. — Tho principal portion of the creditors in the Atlas, Beehive, 'Concord, and Grand Junction Associations, lmvo agreed to accept tho. terms offered by tho Mclbourno shnrolioldcvs, viz., to receive 25 per oont. of their claims, in cijsli, and the remainder in paid-up shares, which in some instances will havo to.he ereatod. Wo imagine that one of tho first steps will bo to register, tho associations under Pyko's Act, ns no ono having any thiug to lose will dream of con tinuing holders of ttock under Ireland's Act longer than they are absolutely compelled. — Tarrcugoiuer Times, 20th November. '- ' Au nbsonfc man lately' put his dog to bed, nnd kicked himself down stairs. Ho did not discover his mistake until tho next morning. 