.t-........... WABjmaJIO_WIDOWBRS. . ,, j A OHOBT IXOBT. TUB »IJP of Ihn ranrreiloni has not completely vaniaheoT. anil uttbou-h the nugolnga of the spiritualists have wolf . nigh mart;' ilia litni), of ghosts discreditable, and ;mnafc long'sinoa haye 'disgusted' every ghost having any pre leo lions, lo good ,1«, ta and ..sound judgment wilb this wo/ld, it Brems that their visiis'lo 'the. latter bare'not flna'ly ceiaed;- Within . the last (en >.daye a iveritablet spirit ,from tba, vasty deep " of tiVesplrit world baa not ooly been seen bat lilt }n Newoaatle, thus attesting tba» , rAality fcf the TÍsitatlon by an appeal lo different aennsv It j.jä ¿q .dfBWiog-roorp'jjbos; like Ihnt or those which: manife'atrd tbemsolves to .Mr. Thackeray's friend, tba "writer n.f " Troth Stranger tbwn Fip.tl.m," in ihcCornWt \Ma0aVin«,' ' 'tf \ia VuXne of -your table lilting/leg pinching, guitar, playing ewirija'wbjob'^jjro not show their facen ia 'noolety,'':but i«i mli downright/orthodox, gbca-'.i" That .ghost*©/ . tradition of^hallett^p-jptiy.-of lone olioteh yards with tiley ¿old liUn'd.'torig-white droits; cold bright pyes wiib'nn Speculation ip thorn, ir> shçtt the letributivai glrosfyrint tho-apitit'of-n.f«one«,iibd by'.lbia' ghost.nanga a tar, "It apiioars^ihnj, o ot-rtdin non of Aílom, wliiVfof Iowa the profeision,his,great prpjjooifor f[)llowed,.wtile. in . b'-utate- of1 ionooenae.c and.*.- whivo expose» tba .products,pf,..l¡ja.io<jlqB|try, fqr,,publia calo in'l.bn :ne» nmkot of thia town,' bad the roisfoV:uno'"to .loro bis JCver -uhauinh* latter/end cfiKieûu.i Tbo.-.Indy dúd auddenlyv and 'ha priif of the bereaved bunbnnd-i wa» naturally eriougb great, as the oausi-nf it bad boon unanticipated. He had. hoVeVeri renoüed. that period of life wbeD tba feelings are thorpugtiiyjupder-'lho oontról.of' thoréason l ioR/aonltie»,innd. ho wajs $«'o"8o'í>'>er eñe ugh.not,ouly to reason himself Into the orin viol ion that grief, beiqg,»i » nvnilinc it needful bo long Indulged in, but at tho sama tirae.tOjlook'irQÚnd'HimVfpr a bon Ñor did hat. look'in voInV " His'llfe bad waned into the sere and. yellow Uat-Jcf; Jnll. ibree- Boore.iyoars, but beautiful* compassionate, angelia >-woman 1. . when did' tba wounded heart, although . old ,jnd partia'ly; withered^, appeal to thee in Yainf" The sorrowing arid'.'.seniler wldTwèr -found "ona in all the '.bloom of womanhood rè'a^y to accompany^ bim to the altar, and take the placer in his business ind his bOBom whioh had been ooenpied by her whom, he had deposited in her grave. Thor aeóotíil marriage had bern consummated so soon after th«, first.,had been dissolved that, aa in the eau of Hamlet's motbor, "The funeral baked meats might bava ooldly furnished for Ibo marriage tables," but, although the gossips were ehoeked, tba man was happy. ,t lifo budded'forih'ariew for him, and it« olosing yeera beoama ; a second spring time. AIRS, however,- for tinman felicity I , Tho pleasure of thia second I honeymoon, WKB rudely broken in upon. Ono night» aa ho lay hy tho aide of hin new wife In the aweet forget- fulness of s'aep, or perhaps, in tho oostnoy of aome de- lightful dream, he was awakened to oonscionsnesa by tba jOODtaof of an loy oold hand within liiB own. Opening lila êtes, he beheld the figure of his dofunot apouaw standing by bia ibedsido draped in white, with her eyed fixed " more in sorrow than in oncer" upon himself and (ho new partner rf "blB'bod. Hi» shrieks ot tho sight of .tbis.-feprful apparition aroused his bod-follow, but tho spiritual intruder had vanished, leaving an impression however upon ¡ho aenBos of him who had soon it which 'noWer the ourtics of bis now wifo nor (he distrootlon of his (Jelly business have b en ablo to pffaoe. Ho might perhaps havo been- nblo ta oonsolo himself with that thought that thivghost was merely tho coinage of a dia ilurbed imagination, but unfortunately for suoh a conso iatnry hypothesis it had made itself visible about th« sarrio hour to nn old femalo aoqualntanoo.living on that .samo-, flit- Hero was independent proof that th« ghost waa,, no, .mero embodidont of a badly digested supper, .but tho:.' spirit of his first wife) ".(foj»'",!.!.,tbói:,,. other" world, . for the' pm poso doubtless of upbraiding him for having Ailed ber pince with* such indecorous hasto, aod the man waa, andi is, well nigh^ji-traoijed. .This mysterlr.uB Visitation ba» been tbo.Butjeot of profound " speculation in Newgate? streotand.in the neighbourhood of the Now Market, whuro tbe parties and oiroumstsnoes are known, and oner lady; who.hós'hérHolf followed three ? husbands to thai gravop 'waa I baird > tbe- other day 'remarking ' to the) qther. that it bnd.boen meant has a warning " to- ourdt jb.!r)per8,bf mernot to go and marry young hnaaiea an Boon aa they lias got their blessod "wives put in tbs oould tomb." ~ i . .'. -Ù.li.- Viii-.'. . .I ". .- -"-i->-- * EMousrx SPOUT.-From bnnters we proceed to offer ai foW ri.'rhaflts'upbn the animal that tends so muoh to the) amusemont. ot, th« sportsman-we alindo to Reynard. Among the .carnivorous raae. that now oxisls In O reit .Britain the fox is .the only one that is atriotly preserved ; and', despite bis' nightly depredations, whioh often andi io, a total depopulation (if suoh a phraBe. oan be applied to tho gallinaeoous tribe) of a whole poultry-yard, and tho haton', "bo makes among tho pheasants, partridge«, «rid "rabbits,' no one with the slightest pretension ta respectability would bo gullly of that greatest of crimes) Iq',1 the ejes ot country gentlemen-vulpioidc. .It in trué that thoró are armo exceptions to the role ; but tho oríntempt with whioh those guilty of trapping foxes) are - treated by tbeir neighbour« is a Btifllaiont punish ment for this unsportsmanlike deed. An «atire "keeper, with an lefllaieot staff undor his orders, will (weather permitting), always show a good head of gimo ; and. even if 1h»ra (s a slight filling off in tho pheasants*, noone ' will grudge the vnophitio pojo h or, who will re- turn '. tenfold to tbebuntor tba sport ho may bavo de ' privad tho shooter of. It ofton happons that depreda, tiona dre attributed to tbo quadrupadal poacher which, ought to bo laid to the bip 'dal ; «nd Reynard hoi quiter ofT.ir.oes enough to eniver for without bearing those of othbre,'and ,wli», from, the pleasure ho affords in the olíase, bas not been expelled or extirpated, as otbor wild animals h«Ve be»n, ivii!.,- tho boar, boar, wild bull, and wblf i'ood.' tbis wily-marauder, with a faw of the same .order,. Ibo otter, badger, wild oat, polecat, stoat, marton» arid weasel,'aro atilinto bo found in " inorrio England." Exoltlng as is the V, noble salenoo," bow much mero io mu?t the Bport.bavo boen whon tho bony, gaunt, grim, and feroolous wolf,.the bold, msoaeing, wild bull, tba tusked boar, tho rugged bur, tenanted oar billa and forests;"'1, and'"'';when, the' pursuit of' them oould only" ba o»nled ' cn." by toe bardy sons of our 'island, t who .possessed stalwart bodies, «xtreme> strength ' ' of .orm, . and stoutnosa of heart t In the tenth oontury King Edgar attempted to oxtirnatn tbs wolf, tbo most cruel «nd voraoliius of Ibis noxioua noe,' by oommuting tho punishment of certain orimoa dn' prodnotng a certain number of wolves' tongues ; and iniWalos tho tax of gold aud allrar wnu romitted ior an onnnal tributo of 300 wolvos' bead». ThoBo animal», howevor, Infested Soot land and Ireland many conluriea .after their extinction in England, ono being killed in tba former oountry in 1080, and another in tho latter so late as 1710, Innumerable aro the ntratigoms and ahifta whioh tbo fox employs, not only in necking hi« prey, but in his endeavours to t Billa Ibo hounda in their pursuit of bim. It is a woll-authontloited faot that thia cunning rharaudar rrooDnoitrnB tho preolnots ol . tho farmyard, rankes hlmsnlf thoroughly acquainted with tho arrange- ments ot ita buildiogs, and thon noiselessly and stealthily seizing bis feathered viotims without diBtnib lng tho sleepers, shortly to beoomo hi« proy. Nor is be lou oouto in providing for tho future, «nd of laying up a ,at,ore,in «»no of.need; for, having destroyed all sorts of poultry, from tho waddling' cluck to tbe stately turkey, he hides them in tho earth, " Ibero to romain till called for." Numerous nra tho inatanoes of tho wonderful con. trivances and artifloes omployod by Beynord to osoapo if rom.' bis woll-tritnod pursuers; md, preserving bia solf.po8«6sslon, Ito has bran known, wban sorely pressed, .to ' mike for a shonpfold, to cross or swim . dleta'noe , down 'a brook, to entor drains, dairies, farms,''a'ables,, plgalloH, and to asoend Ibo stalra Of a oottoge, .or bide hlmsolf in - a chimney. .Among tho anecdotes-roltlad of the fox's cunning and roBolutlon 1« tho' following, whioh, ware its voracity not guarnntood by tho respnotabillty of Ibo writor, Mr. Egan, :' would scarcely bo erodible :-" One of tboso nolmale, be. lng hard pressed, rushed into tho mlddlo of a Hook of sheep, Instantly, killed one, ripped it open, and oonco»lei bimsulf within it. The huntsman and pnok wera sud- denly all «t fault, until aller o variety of cants, a alanah old hound recovered tho scoot, whoo poor Iloynard wan drawn from his hid ng-plnoo, »nd 'who-hoop' shortly afterwards told tim «tory of tho death of the most wily of tho vulpine raoo." Ito rn AN OATS ON ENar.t II FASUS.-In a flold oooupled by Mr. Blnks, at Puppormoor, noir Alnwick, some ancient onoanipmontH long existed which tradition as. cribed tn tho Homans. Tho lapse of limn and tba spirit nf agrioulturnl improvement gradually omtteratedTalmost every troco of them ; and about * year ago tho last of tho whins, which limn out of mind had ooroiel tho gronnd'where till' Itoman 1'n.lonarlo« ti«d trodden, weio cut down, «ml tho land ploughed and Bown with barloy. . When tlie barloy W.IB rnidy for tho nlokle. Mr. Illuka was antoniuhod to- obsorve sovoril heads ot stringe-looklng oats among it, Soma of them wiri' unusually tall and ttrong, with long branohlng ntomluts, while others had globular head« ronombiiug tho aced of thc onion. Mr. Bink« aol. lootdil no IOSB th '0 70 varieties novar soon In tba dis. trlot before. Ho bas Bown tho Beeil, «nd Intends to ex. dibit s collodion of thom nt tho noxt ahow of tho Mn wlok Horticultural Boalnly. The place, an it has boen oonleatured, ' has beon a cavalry oamn, and the oats, which were, porhaps, rlnonod under otbor skies, after Iring with the tltbrii of the oamps for probably 100O years, will agata shani into aeronl beauty, and may add one or moro nerminoot variollos to th« stook of tbf 1 KogUeh fenner. .ow*. -1 