GOLD DISCOVERY AT LAMBING FLAT. Mr. Sheedy, through the columns of the Yass Courier, makes the following statement as to his being the party who first discovered the above diggings :— On or about the twenty-sixth of June last, I was, with many others, gathering horses at Lambing Flat, the then station of Mr. James White, of Burrangong, and during my stay there I discovered a small quan- tity of gold, which was washed in the lid of a tin can (or as I should call it, "a tin billy.') This quantity I took to Edgar Beckham, Esq., of Binalong, being the nearest Justice of the Peace, and Crown Lands Commissioner for the dis- trict, for the purpose of showing it to him, and at the same time reported to him that gold was to be obtained in payable quan- tities at the Lambing Flat. On of about the fourth of July I purchased a large quantity of rations, tools, &c.;, in a store at Binalong, for the purpose of getting every traveller that might pass to prospect, and to keep them in provisions during their stay, and obtained six workmen, and proceeded therewith to the Lambing Flat, and prospected and worked there, and have remained there almost continuously ever since as gold diggers, and have suc- ceeded in opening the said Lambing Flat Gold-fields as payable. The next wook thereafter I was obliged to go to Yass, and took with me about eight ounces of gold, the yield of these diggings, and sold the same to Mr. Henry Godfrey, of Yass, storekeeper, and that previous to selling it I exhibited the same eight ounces to you, for the purpose of having the same published in the Yass Courier newspaper. A QUEER WILL — Our next speciman, the will of the Karl of Pembroke, who lived in the days of the Commonwealth, after a good many profane j 'sts, proceeds thus :— ' Item. — I give all my deur to the Kiul of Salisbury, who 1 know wiil preserve tlie-n, because he denied tho Kii*j u buck out of ono of his own parks. Item. — I (rive nothinar to- Lord Say, which legacy I give him, because I know ho will hostow it on the poor Item. — To Tom May I nivo five shillings ; I intendol him more j but whoever has s'en hit ' History of Parliament,' thinks five shillings too much. ' Itom — I ijivo Lieutenant-Goneral Cromwell one word of mine, because hitherto ho never kept his own. Item. — I giva up the ghost.' — Quarterly licceiw. Tiirpt of a Thousand Soveiieigss. — On Saturday lait, whil-rt the clerk n nt the Colonial Bunk, Melbourne, wero employed in counting ,.ut thu money nnd depo«itin« it in tlio Bafo, a ranvassbag containing 1000 Syilnuy sovoreignu, was I'oun'l missing. An iaimcdiato seirch took p'nc», anl nil t.lxc nl..-rk* wero clorely interroga ted but nil of them denied any knowledge of the missing .treasure ; suspicion then rested nil one of the messengers, named William' Downn. nnd hewa3 forthwith nrrestod by the detectives .ind tlio major part of tho missing money found concealed in a ' plant.' DE3TUUCTIVE Fire. — A^ouh nine o'clock on Thur*!ay evening, . Mr. Warhurton, the Pciliec Afa ;istrnte, sent his min servant to Mudje? with information that thrw rick* of liny near his rcsi denov wero on- Ore. A l.irgo number on hor&ebank; hastened to tho spot, bnt woro unable to render any assistance: tho fii'fl had taken suoh hold thut tho whole was shortly burnt to the ground. Tho ricka wore purchised a few days finco nt ):itbliu Duotion by MesBrs. Hughson, G Walker, anil J; Swords. It is suspected that thoy were wilfully fired. A party is in custody on suspi cion. — Western Post. 