£10 COV&T.; SHEEN TOONT. A esse from tbe last Court for the price, ud value of a Cow taken by the Defendant, laving been bought at a sale though Mr Less assignee of the estate of fit J, Garth K long diacusrion on various p'oints of law in whieK Ht Wettbrook appeared for defendant id Ur McMtttn for plaintiff. Jndgmentideferred till Thursday next, uurus, A6SIGNEE, V. WaiTHALU ThisWBB an actiuu brought by Mr Milward iwignee, of the estate ot J. C. Hall, and Co. igainst Mr Wrathall a publican. Taa case as a remnant for judgment. Judgment deferred till Thursday next, aUBBIED Vs HIBVBT, An action by Captain Quested agdnat Ur lenry Harvey, for fit 8 6, for freight &c;, of ;0od« supplied. Watchorn for plaintiff. Verdiot for amount claimed. sues v. FINCH. Aetisa for £2 9 8, against Wm. Finch for loney lent and frieght of goods. Verdict for amount claimed. sua T. caksoks, sen. An action for freight &c;>, and pBBsage of f hit sou. Amount claimed 7 6. The am of £3 6<3 his been. paid. Verdict for £1 1, balance due. BaimrwAJTE t, erocxKE. As action for certain goods supplied to Kr toker, for which an acknowledgment in "iting was produced from defendants'* ife. 'tie made a reanent to produce the plain, v iff* books, CLWFOAN V DOH.B. As undefended action for £1, monsy lent lit year, whieh defendant promissdto pay. Verdict for the amoant claimed. maieBi » Jacobs. An action lor ii 18, brought by Dr Bright in,, against Ur Jacobs a boatman, for irgical attendance on the defendant, his ifs and children. Defendant pleaded not indebted except as 13,6, which he paid Into court. Ur Adatrs for the plaintiff. Ur Graves for defendant. Plaintiff deposed to the correctness Df bis >im, which wps for professional attendance I Mr* Jacobs and , her family, (IS visits.) >ve seen defendant who offered htm £8, and «balance in boat hire. By Mr Braves—Did not set tbe hoy'g \eg toself; he-went to tbe Hospital; Mr Jacbbs is an Odd Fellow, aid Dr Kean was the edical Officer of the Lodge, visited defendt ence for Dr Kean, the teat were on his 'n account'. Ur Graves said the defendant had been waring under the apprehension that Dr ight bad been attending his family for Dr sen who unable to atiend as strictly as he iuld wi«li and was the Oocior of the lodge, > oosBented to the verdict going for plaintiff »er tbe circumstances but without COBIB, >r Adams objected to tbe compromise to iillnw costs. Judgment deterred as to costs for a week. 4VTON VPIgOAN. in action by John Ay ton against John Mgan for £8, goods eold and delivered. *r AJIport, jun. for plaintilT. Verdict for amount claimed. •unv.ins. t (imilar aetion againBt William King il IB 0. Undefended, faiist for the amoout claimed. BUY * » n ummr*. IMbim antttmetaoasbt b^ QbuU» ft. Grey.a general dealer, against Mr and Uti Pate of Patrick street. Mr Graves for the defendant. / The .Commissioner said for reasons oT an terrea to ynDiw. • "" Plaintiff odjected end the case therefore proceeded! ' " James Bains deposed to taking • home in Elisabeth street from Urs -Grey, and paid her the rent for it as longm be waa there, Urs Grey bad tbe whole management of the property; it'belonged to Un Clark, and defendants were agents. By Mr Graves—I took the house from Urs Grey, and no one elae, I never saw Mrs Pate sibouithe house; I never saw lb Pate either, I don't want cross-questioning, I have *«&id; all I know and cant' say any more; I know Path's house, I often went there, but not about the taking tbe bouse; I did not know to whom the house belonged till I bad been in it for many a month, Ur Grey lived on part of - thv premises at the same time that I did; used to take the rent to MraOrey. John Boucher deposed tha' be took the premises" known as " Rat's Castle," at ?s per week 1 om Plaintiff, it was ebout September or October, I860, always paid the rent either to plainiiff or his wife np to November 1861. Ur Graves suggested that plaintiff should etate what bis ca^e wa«. Mr Grey said he wished toatate bis case in ihe usuel way, but Mrs Fate bad told him she wassoiuiimate with fir Brown the Com mise oaer, that it was no use taking her into the Court as he would never doubt her veiacitv. Plaintiff depnaed—About two and a half years ago Mrs Pate gave the keys of Bat's Castle to bis wife, to collect the rents for her, and let the bouse in divisions, and Mrs Pale told his wife the more appartments she let, the better remuneration would ahe make to her- When he took ihe premises they were in a very "deliberated" state; by that be meant very much out of repair; the house , bad been shut up for a verv " Ion? length" of time and she directed him to clean it out end put it in a tenantable state of repairs be did so, end look two days to do it; bis claim was for cleaning tbe heme, and Codling tenants for them. • - ' '' By Mr Graves—Mrs Pate told me she would satisfy me to get the bouse tenantable end clean it; she never wid anything to me about pay'ng commission, but she told my missus so 1 had paid bis rent to Mis Pate weekly since; never made any deduction out of.his rent, but Urs Pate bought a lot of old clothes at different tnhes'.from'him for Mr Pate; sent a bill in to MrrPate about a fortnight ago; never sent any bill' before, nor made any demand for commission before this; Mr Pate brought an action'against bim at the last Court, and got a verdict for damage done, but no damage had been done; Mrs Pate sent to Sharp's to get a -pound of beef steak, cut two Jounces off, and sent it back, that showed -what she was; never threatened Mr Pate to bring an pctipn against bim for the commission'', have demanded the commission' when Mrs 'Pate bought ftlot of old ball dresses' at Is and Is 6d each from bim; did not demand ihe oommlSBion because &lrs; Pate was buying things from him. • Mr Graves applied for a nonsuit. Mr Grey said he had several persons; suspceoad," and wanted them called, which The Commissioner entirely agreed with and recommended .that the case should be referred to an orbitarfor to be chosen. Mt Grey 'asked if he did refer it, and it was not decided how he wished, could he bring it there again 1 After a very lengthened controversy "as to who che arbitrator should be, and a lecture from Mr Graves a? >o the attempt to intimidate the Court, which the Commissioner resented by. saying|lie would go on with the case. Rose Grey deposed that about years ago Mrs Pate gave over the keyB of Roxburgh House to her for the purpose jof letting it to different pertons, at the sajut time telliag her the more she let th^.more she would get- She let them to tetetal persons who left, and then let them to tbe witnesses called to-day; she also Kept the premises rlean for tbe tenants; hare never received any recompense from M's Pate for letting the places or cleaning the ooms, but Mrs Pate offered ber £3 before slie left as an act of kindness for what she had done ; witness delined to take it. Mr Graves—The £3 was the same as she referred to an action tried at tbe last court; she never si id that £3 was offered for a shed to be left, but Mrs Pate said she would give for tbe shed, but not tha" £3 ; neter. made anv demand for the commission sued for. Henry Robins deponed to carrying rent from plaintiff to Mrs Pate at various times during two years; Mrs Pate used to remark that she looked to Ur Grey for any deficiency in the rents, whieh there sometimes used to behy a tenant not paying up. Bridget iVBrien was called, but Mr Graves admitted that the rents hnd beeu paid by tbe tenants to plaintiff, but wimtas was neverthe - less avrorn, and deposed to being a tenant and paying the rent to Mrs Grey for mouths. Mr Graves submitted the present was only a vfsatious action, and never would have be°n brought had not Mrs Pate recovered a verdict against tbe present plaintiff; there was a mistake in the action, and 'there had been no proof whatsver as to any specific amount received, on which commission could be claimed. Robert Pate was called and deposed that just before the trial of the action last court, Mr Grey came to liis house and said if be got the better of him in Ihe action for damaging the house be would sue him afterwards for commission for eo!lec;ing tbe rents; never agreed to pay any commission tor collecting rents; it waa ai easy for him to send the other ren's as to B- nd his own. By defendant—We asked you If you could let the places to do so; you never claimed any money for commission; Plaintiff used to receive tbe rents from the tenants on the Saturday night, and give it to UB on the Moday when we ca 'ed round; you used to collect some rents ami pay them to us. Defendant, in reply, said Mrs Fate wag mad because he left her premises, aud had now let it for four shillings a week. Judgment deferred until Thuraday next. GOLLJ-K v, MUN*O. An action for 7s, ballance of account, due for breait supplied Defendant denied the debt, aud said he bad paid all he owed. Judgment for amount claimed. A REALLY NOVEL VOLUNTEER CASE. DA VIES v. LEE. An action by Captain Daries, of the Snd Eilles, against Mr Lee for £1 10s, balance due on a promissory note fer fa, for military clothing, and tbe defence was that Mr Lee was entitled to a portion of the Government grant for clothing Now unie.-s Mr Lee retired after six months, -from Ja uary, 1861, lie would not he entitled to any of the grant, and it would be proved be did not. Paymaster Huii of tie 2nd Rifles deposed that defendant joined tbe corps on the SOth March, 1800, and resigned in March Irtfl, and theu withdrew his resignation, when he aaid he was disgusted with the whole thing; a uviif.rm was supplied to him by the contractor and was paid for by Captain Jobs Davies, and defendant gave a promissory note for tbe clothing and accoutrements 0"* 0 * duce 1); be rejoined, after expressing bis disgus', and atteuded a review on the 21th May; he did not acquit himself w»U in bis dril, (laughter) aud got again diagus ed, and he was stock off 'he roll before the 19>fa June, ud a return thereof was tent to Colonel Ruasell; defendant made unfa ta-daj to pej £110s( famt no costs. By Mr Moriarty—I recollect writing,to Mr tee demanding his arms and. accoutrements, but don't recollect when at that times have proVfe thai' Captain John Davie* had received £! 'from tile Government on account of these very dotbes, and he wanted lo tee if Mr Davies had given credit ipr it. ; Mr Graves—No. because defendant WM not entitled to it. It had been returned, to the Government Mr Davies'said he had received it) there was no doubt bf that. Mr Moriarty—Did not recollect what'date he wrote <0 defendant; Mr Dandridge died about tbe time; he thought be did not wiitfe to defendant shout his clothing to provide a man named Peaiegooa with, who was up. pling <0 be admitted j did not recollect Capt. Davies saying to defendant, " Why the devil did he not resign;" witness asked defendant, - why he did not resign; did not recollect any specific resignation; these sre the rules of the corps; Mr Lee was not clear on the books when he resigned; <be rules say that fourteen days not'ea of resignation were requited ; Mr Lee did not give such notice; they sometimes waive those rules; they were signed by defendant. Cap ain Davies deposed he had received from the Government about £160 for. tome of which he was personally liable to the Government to account for it; amongst the nmount he received £2 for Charles Lee (the defendan') who failed to comply with <he regulations, and was therefore disqualified from receiving the money which he Wis responsible to ibe Government for; tbe sum of £1 10a was due ou the promissory note pro duced. By Moriarty—Defendant was in the 'corps up to the 9th of June las'. Mr Moriarty—Tben Mr Davies you have kept that money in your pocket, and not returned to the Government since the 9th fane last. , Mr Davies—The money hag not been returned, but lies in the Commercial Bank lo my nane at the present time, to the credit of the 2nd Rifles; I do not make np my return till the Slat December. By Mr Mori>»y—Did not yon »se some very chtiioe language, such as in your usual manner} _ . Mr Davies—I never did. Mr Moriarty—There were plenty witnesses to prove it. Mr Moriarty eaid be should hare liked to have aeen a gentleman like Captain Davie* professed to-be and holding a position as commanding officer and having been in tbe Par-; liament of Tesmasia come into a small court with clean hands sad ia a. creditable manner; and with each a case. Here was the captain of the corpa. receiving a eum of money from the Government and then quietly suing' defendant for it, and had not Captain Davies known they were iu a position to have proved they had, it netet would have beeo stated. Was that creditable ? The captain keeps £2 in his pocket for several months, and now came thereto demand £4 odd from them; if Mr Davies had paid the money to the Government there would hare been seme reason 1 in h : B coming there, but be hsd not, and probably would have pocketed tbe balanCi 1 —and the Paymaster came there and denied keeping any accounts. It wa« vary well to come into the Court and ma for a few pounds for the Mercury. Capt Davies oucht to have in common fairness pro <a"ed the Dr, and Or. acoount hooka, and a quibble waa resorted to set rid of their notice to produce those books, which were in th» charge of a gentleman in Vir John Davies' own employ. There was something he could not understand the fairness of on the other side: his client would, at all events, deal straigh'fo-wardly and honestly, and not resort to quibbling to get rid of a just olaitn. Mr Lee would swear that he never did resign, and he believed Mr Lee's word was quite as rood as' Mr Davies's; and he mi^ht be permitted to cay a little better. (Mr Davies-Hear hear.) The learned gentleman referred to the rules of the corps to show there had been no proper resignation at all—and they were bound by tbe rules, more pa>ticularly as they were then in a court of justioa. He sub- mitted there was not a ghost of evidence in the whole case. But Mr Davies takes to bimself the position of judge, jury, and every one else. Why were not the books produced if the caseWBB an honest one. He had been pressed and insulted by the Captain and Adjutant of the corps, and very possibly ha1 given fourteen days notice of resignation, which weuld have brought it under the regulations, Suppose the Mercury smathet tomorrow, or Captain Davies' accounts be confused what would become of this amount received. He put that at an hypothetical case; for there were certain rumors in reference to certain Odd Pellows accounts, Mr Dovies—Thft is untrue, sir, Mr Morinrty—Well, rumor has ao stated, and therefore on what priuciple of law. equity, or fairness could they come and cla'm that sum of £2 because they were liable} Had the money been paid to tbe Government the claim might have been made with better grace. What matter to the Court how Mr Davies was paid, ii paid at all; and he w«<< pa d un'il January next, according to his own admission. The Government had been very favorable with Mr Davies in reference tn acoouuts. Suppose they tol l him they did not require the money, then Mr Davies would be paid £2 more than was really due. Charles Lea deposed that he belonged to the 2nd Rifles, and did so at the present time; be sever resigned ; his fiie-arma were sent for on account of ihe corps being shoit for Mr Dandridge'a funeral; a man named Peasgood ao informed him; he had suffered from illness, and bad been necessarily away from tbe corps; be bad never been informed he was no longer a member of the corpB ; lit Davies and Mr Hull met bim at the Commercial Bank door; Davies said *' Well, *ld fellow, you're the man we were looking for; why the d don't you resign;" Mr Hull •aid nothing; witness attended drill whenever summoned; never resigned or intended to resign; had always paid all demands made en him, but never got a receipt; he sent 18s Cdby Sergeant Cook on 7th October, I861, and applied for three months lens of absence from the officers; sa» Mr Bull a day or (wo after and he said Old Jack wouldn't take any notice of his leave of absence, but was going to cross bim outnever heard anything from that day to the"present; afttrwatde saw Mr Cook, who asked if he was going to vote for Jack; he replied he would not, if he was going to cross him nut be would do the same, and cross out Jaok; he he had never bad any receipt tor what lie bad paid ; he considered himself entitled to the £2 for his clothes from Government, and tuat the account was overpaid. B5 Mr Graves—He resigned when he first went in the cotps; but did not know whether he gave fourteen davs notice or not; cannot say when be was at parade last; it was more than three months; he was quite sure Mr Hull said " Old Jack had crossed him out." Mr Graves e»id be could not agree with the manner in which tbe case had bein conducted by his learned friend, who bad mixed up per. eonal.ties, and allowed hia private feelings to step in snd influence bim in taking up tbe time of the Court. It must be clear Mr Lee .was sot enti led to the £2 received by Government, which would revert to the Crown, and he had charge of it in the same manner aa every other commanding officer had His Honor reserved judgment until Thuraday next. HAIX V. YATES. An action for 12s, for advertising. Verdict fey consent for the amount claimed. Swrrtt vRosxaa. An action far UU «E UdtDIt ! 4n«a by the The defence was that Ihe biU had been dnlypaid. and that there was no nouoe of di*honor.|_ _ .t^a-ia a-s&tuement; -.•fe^ittfi, andTie paid it ever to Mr Smith for cash ; he gave notice to Mr Roger* that th* bill had not been taken «P- ' - ! By Mr Crisp—Tbsr notice was given to Mr Rogers, bat he could not say when ; it w»* either the day or the day after he saw Mr Rogers, but did slot know bow long the bill bad-been due at that time^ Mr Braasingtou, the acceptor, has been insolvent and obtained his" discharge; tbe abcount produced was fromthieir office, W C D Smith deposed that a day or two before the bill became due be rexinded him Mr Hall oi it, aud on tbe morning it was due he spoke to him and he said he would see Mr Rogers about it; the next day Mr Hall said he had seen Mr Rogers and spoke to him. By Mr.CriBp.-It was the morning the Bill became doe that ho saw Mr Hail about the hill. ' : Mr Crisp submitted the second pies was made out, and «io sufficient notice of dishonor had been proved; for the notice was given before 12 o'cljck, and the bill was not due; the first plea was also proved; for there was produced an account in which payment of the bill was admitted. Mr Smith in reply said ihe acceptance wa included in the Account in aaab. Judgment reserved. 