. HISTORY OP A CAT. (" Pils," in Harper's New Monthlyi Magazine for September.) ; , : I recall with tho tenderest feelings my lost favourite Kitto-tho blackest of black cats, not a white hair on his entire body, not even his whiskers ; and born, too, on a Good Friday. Those large eyes of burnished gold-how they would wink and blink with delight during our long social conversations! He would dis poso himself in tho corner of the sofa after breakfast and doze until the clock rung ont ten ; then rising, he would rub his solt face against mine to remind me of his saucer of milk. , At one, again,- punctual to the minute, he would announce that it was time for bis dinner. But after five o'olock in tho afternoon he would come to the conclusion that it was time to give up work. He would spring upon the tibie, walk over my desk, arch his broad; high back, and flourish his wonderful tail across my face. If I took no notice of these salutations, slowly ho, wou'd sink down on all fours, and watch with thoBe bright eyes of his the pen as it travelled over the paper, and, quick as a flash. the paw would dart under it, causing a long stroke to extend from one side of the page to the other. It was only a day or two ago I was pondering over some old manu- scripts orossed and recrossed with these strange bioroglyphics. It . was like reading a letter (rom some loved but long departed friend; they na ado me very sad. Sometimes he would annoy me with his mischief. I would give him a gentle tap with a ruler or poncil ; but this was only a signal for a mora determined attack. Fie Would roll over paper, books, inkstand, wild with anticipated fun ; until in self-defence, tb save time in replacing papera the next 'day, .' I ' would yield to his solicitations, and prepare for Our evening recrea- tions. No nine-year-old youngster could play " hide and go seek" and " cotchor" with moro human delight than this four-footed companion. Tho ecstatic " spit" of recognition with ? which bo wonld announce that ho .discovered mo be- hind a door or a window curtain must havo been Böen to bo really appreciated. Ho was sw heavy and stout that be had to rest several times during our romp ; but I always got weary tho first, and then wo wou^d enjoy tho twilight, stretched on the Bofa, with his fore paws round ray took,; soothing , mo with his soft parring, -and- a rlick of. tho hnrsh tongue; ever and ; anon across my hands.' And so wo dwelt in love and confidence nearly two'years ; and then' the, Fates became jealous" of "our'happiness. I liad to move. I was fearful;of hardship for my pet in my now quarters'¡ and a friend offering to shara ovory comfort with my Inimitable Kitto, Irornnvod, cup, saucer, basket,'.and knitted blonkot to her comfortable and pleasant hearth, and bade him a tomporary. good-bye. Tt was a very sevoro winter;, sterrns ,',of ' snow and sleet altoruitod with wind and rain, and I was kept within doors' nearly two weeks after our separation. 000 night in January, tho snow fulling " by waggon loads," I was seated at my deak with a hard task before me. It was in a corn or of tho room , around which the wind woilcd most sad and melancholy cadenee. It was very still in this back room, save the wind and the sough- ing of the wet wood in the stove ; these wero all the sounds' disturbing tho silence around me. Thero we'ro two wit dows in the room which opened upon tho shed of tho piezgo below- : My shoulder almost touched the laut of th eso whon 1 leaned back' from ' my desk. This evening I was weary, and the wind always brings to mo sad tales. Thoughts of , othor days- crept, up ; of other friends long , ¡ gone over that unseen, that dreaded boundary ; others , far away in tho flesh ; and others. > again farther away "in* love or approcia'ion. TihatBlue-beard chamber which every one pos- sesses, the key of wbioh wo aro always seeking, yot dreading to find, had been involuntarily oponed, and ghosts, stalked out, and scene aftor 'soone passed in panoramic review,' until I trembled at the unreal. I folt oround mo. From this trance I was suddenly atortled by a Berco scratch against tho pane of gi «ss close beside mo, and turning round, there I beheld the strangest object imaginable--a black face and glaring eyes peering at me from a winding "u^Ss-ÇÎ snow- My poor, end, for no?unravel the n^sTdrytpdsmco if during all of his most completo, ^«¡Mdortng from no moro found mo. HovrS/werjr UUV1U£ uuuu an ri pnrrcd bia monótono of happiness ; BbV bo enjoyed his supper of cold mutton ann a saucer of milk ! Ho had lost all his flesh, his onoo glossy coat was rusty nnd neglected, and his eyes had lost all their strange fascina- tion. Ho looked wild and troubled, as if ho 'had boon hunted and frightened during his peregrinations ; but now ho had once moro roached his paradise, ho thought, as ho curled himsolf up to sloop in my lap, after I had wipod him dry and warmod him by tho stove. Early noxt morning, after a nico brook fast. 1 lot nim oui. u» '"«j -., . h?d durhiK tho day I novor diacovorod ; ho TnritoKnàmtoaàh\Bvb\\\\* mn* ho clan dcBtínc. Now and thon ho would appear for a few rnmutoa at my friend's house « to seo is his rfrouprtvromainod undisturbed," abo said, but no Ener was I seated at my do*k n tho oven FnVtlmn tho familiar mow and scratch announced »sar Wal"Thus this Leander visited b.s Hero ov0ÏÏnow.driftB, ico. and rnin-sloughs for many weeks? It «as hard to tell to which these clandestino visits rovoaioa mo um» uuJU;... but thoy wer o to end, and all too soon and toe tragically for both of UB. Ono unlucky morn ing ho was discoverod descending from tbi Ircllis-worlc of tho piazza. Tho whoop waf sung out, tho chaso bogan, thc boys of thc family sprang liko Indians to tho work. A white cat may stand a chanco to osoape snmo' timos; but for a black cat thoro is no com passion, no pity. It is supposod to bolong to tho " Gentleman in Bluck," and although beloved, courted, and followed by. hall tho world, pooplo aro ovor toady tc dony him tho uso of every subordinate supposod to projudico themselves. As soon as I hoard what constituted tho gamo on this occft ..sion Jf hastened to th« rescue, dreading in my ; heart that my poor Kitto WM being roughly bandied,-and arrived only in time to reçoive his last sigh. Thoy had stoned my loving, saga- cious, faithful companion to death. What a lec- ture on humanity to dumb animals I gave those boys ; how I ratod them for their cruolty ! But tho grown-up people of tho houser thought they had dono " tho very thing, rid the world of one moro black nat . th AC nnvnr failed to briner nil kinds of I trouble to a houso whore thoy should come. I was most thoroughly disgusted, so up stakes» struck my tent, moving away before another ' week was past. Odd onougb, that day wock they killed my pot, sicknoss broke out among the boys; it penetrated to the nursery, and the whole year was a scono of trouble and anxiety. Other misfortunes have followed since, and these silly pooplo maintain " they w Bro all , brought by the black cat," and superstitiously : believe the black cat and I wore envasarlos of the Evil Ono. . ? 