LORD MACAULAY'S ITBTBC IfOLUMB. , WE contions onr extrada from this, the last work i , the biilliant Essayist and Historian : , EEiTH OF JAKES THE SECOND. 1 Th a health of James had been during some years d cl'ning ; and he bad at length, on Good Friday, ITO i suffered a shook from whiob he had never recovers ? While he was listening in bis chapel to the solemn se ? vioe of tba dey, he full down in a flt, and remained loi » insensible. Some people imagined that the words i the anthem whiob his choristers were chanting bad pri dueed in bim emotions too violent to be borne by > enfeebled body and mind. For that anthem «as take from the plaintive elegy in which a servant of tbe tra ; God, chastened by rainy sorrows and humiliation! i banished, home.sicbr, and living on the bounty of stria . gera, bewailed the fallen throne and the desolate Tempil of Zion :-" Remember, O Lera", what is come apon ns consider and behold onr reproach. Oar inh erl tanca ii I turned to strangers, oar houses to aliens ; the crown ii [ fallen from our head. Wherefore dest thou forget ai l for ever t" I Tho King's malady proved to be a paralytic Figos, . the first physician of the Frenoh Court, and, on medici! I questions, the oraole of all Jtarope, prescribed the wileri I of Bourbon. Louis, with all his UBUSI generosity, sent I to St. Germain's ten thousand crowns in gold for the , charges of the journey, and gave orders that every tova , along tbs road should receive hts good brother wita all i tho honours due to royalty. ; James, ofter passing Borne time at Bourbon, letarnsd , to tho neighbonrbood of Peria with health so for re-ei , tabliBhed that he was able to take exercise on horse. ' back, but with judgment and memory evidently impaired, i On the 13th September, be bad a seoond flt in hil i chapel; and it soon became clear that tbis wes s flail , stroke. He rallied the last énergies of his failing body r end mind to testify bis firm belief in the religion for i which be bad sacrificed so m nob. Ho received the Int , sacraments with every mark of devotion, extorted hil i son to hold fast to the trne faith in spite of all lempti* lions, and entreated Middleton, who, almost alona i among the oonrtiera ascembled in the bed-chamber, , professed himself a Protestant, to take refajo i from doubt and error in the bosom of the one infallible i Church .After the extreme urotion bad been admict* tered. James declared that he pardoned all hi9 enemies, i and named particularly the Prinoe of Orange, tbe Frit i cess of Denmark, and the Emperor. The Emperor's i name he repeated with peculiar emphasis :-" Take so* . lice, father," he said to the confessor, " that I forgive tbs i Emperor with all my heart." It may perbsps seem i Strangs that he should have found this tba hardest of all . exercises of Christian charl y. Bat it must be rimem. i bered that the Emperor was the only Boman C*tbolia Prioce still living who had been oocessory to the Herc ; lotion, and that James might not unnaturally consider Roman Catholics who had been accessory to the Bevolu i lion as more inexcusably guilty than heretics who might ' have deluded themselves into tba belief that, in violaliog their duty to him, they were discharging their daly to God. While James was still able to understand what vis raid to bim, and make intelligible answers. Louis visited him twice. The English exiles observed that tba Mort Christian King was to tbe list considerate and kind ia the very slightest matters which concerned his unfortu- nate guest. He wcnld nat allow his ooaoh to enter tba court of Saint Germains, lest the noise of the wheels should be beard in the sick-room. In both in torrie ss be was gracious, friendly, and even tender. But ba carefully abstained from saying anything about tbs future position of the family which WSB about to loso its head. Indeed, he could Bay nothing ; for he had not yet made np his own mind. Soon, however, it bia ai necessary for bim to form some resolution. On tua 10th James sank into a stupor, whiob indicated the near approach of death. While he lay in this helpless state. Madame de Maintenon visited hiB consort. To this visit many persons who were likely to ba well informed attributed a loog series of great events. We canoot wonder that a woman should have been moved to pity by the raif cry of a woman ; that a devout Roman Catholic should have taken a deep interest in the fate of a family nersecuted, as sha conceived, eolely for being Boom Catholics; or that the pride of tba widow of Soartoa should have been intensely gratified by the supplication! of a daughter of Esta and a Queen of England. From mixed motives, probably, the wifa of Lewis promised her rowerful protoctirn to the wife of James. Madams de Maintenon wai just leaving Saint Germains when, on the brow cf the hill which over 'ooks the valley of the Seine, she met her hu*band, who hod come to ask alter bis gussi. It was probably at this morntnt that ha WB8penatded to forra»reniluuon,?! S-' \- «blab neither ha nor abe by whom he. was COT« foreeaw the conséquence». Before be announced resolution, however, he observed all the deeent fora ' deliberation. A council waa held that eyening at li i and waa attended by the priaca of the blood and by I Ministers ef State. The question was propoun whether, when God should take James the Seeon i England to himself, France should recognise the : Í tender as King James tie Third ? The Ministers were, one and all, against the ieee sion. ...... Their arguments were eocoisely but clearly strongly urged by Toroy in a paper whioh ia extant, and which it is difficult to believe bis master can have read without g misgivings. On one side were the i i of treaties, the peace of Europe, tba wal ? of France-nay, the s Irish interest of the Houai Bourbon. On the other side were the inflaenoe oi artful woman, and the promptings of vanity wiiiab, must in candour acknowledge, waa ennobled by a i tura of compassion and chivalrous generosity. King determined to act in direct opposition to the vice of all his ablest servants; snd the princes of blood applauded bis decision, as they would have pleaded any decision whioh he had announced. Nowl was ha regarded with a more timorous, a more slav respect than in bis own family. On the following day he went again to Saint Germa and, attended by a splendid retinae, entered Jato bedobamber. The dying man scarcely opened bia be eyes, and then closed them again. " I have sometfcii said Lewis, " of great moment to communicate to y Mrjjsty." The oourtiera who filled the room took I as a s goal to retire, and were crowding towards door, when they were stopped by that command voice-" Let nobody withdraw. I come to your Majesty that, whenever it shall pie God to take you from ns, I will be to your son wba have been to you, and will acknowledge him BB King England, Scotland, and Ireland." Tba English »xi who were standing round the eouoh fell on their'kni Some burst into tears. Some poured forth praiies i blessings with clamonr such as was scarcely becoming suoh a plaoe and at snoh a time. Some indistinct m murs whioh James uttered, and which were drowned the noisy gratitude of his attendants, were interpreted mean thanks. But from the most trustworthy acoou it appeara that he was Insensible to all that was pass; around him. As soon as Lewis waa again at Marli, he repeated the Court assembled there the announcement which bad made at Saint Germains. The wbole oirole bri forth into exclamations of delight and admiratii What piety'l What humanity ! Wbat magnanimii Nor was this enthusiasm altogether feigned. F in the estimation of the greater part of that brillia crowd, nations ware nothing and prinaes eve thing. What could be more generous, more amiab than to protect an ionooent boy, who waa kept out of 1 rightful inheritance by an ambitious kinsman 7 T ' floe gentlemen end floe ladies who talked thus for( that, besides the ionooent boy and that ambitious kit man, fire millions and a half of Englishman were cc earned, who were little disposed to consider tbemselv as the absolute property of any master, and who we ; still less disposed to acaôpt a master ohosen 'for them i tbn Frenoh >Klng. i James lingered three days longer. He was oct i atonally sensible daring a few minutes, and, during o ' of these lucid intervals, 'faintly expressed bis graliiu I to Lewis. On the sixteenth he died. His Queen retir I tbat evening to tbe nunnery of Chaillot, where ehe eou weep and pray undisturbed. Sba left St. Germains joyous agitation. A herald made bis appearance befo j the palace-gate, and, with sound of trumpet, preolaimi i in Latió, Froncb, and English, SCing James the Third i England and Eighth of Scotland. The streets, in co ' sequenoe doubtless of orders from the Governmer [ were il'uminated ; and the townsmen with loud shou i wished a long reign to their illustrious neighbor] I Tho poor lad received from his ministers, and deliveri I back to them, the seals of their offices, and held out b I hand to be kissed. One of tha -first aots of bis mai I reign was to bestow some mock peerages in oonformi ; with directions whioh he found in his father's will. Mil I dleton, who bad SB yet no English title, was create I Earl of Monmouth. Farth, who bad Btood high in tl I favour of bia late master, both as an apostate from tl I Protestant religion, and as the author of the ls f improvements on the thumb sorew, took the title i I Duke. t Meanwhile the remains of James were oscorted.dn tl j dusk of the evening, by a slender retinue, to the Chap of the English Benediotinea at Paris, and deposit! <there in the vain hope that, at some -future time, the would be laid with kingly comp at Westminster arnon 'tbe graves of the Plsntagenets and Tudors. TBE DEiOTB or KINO WIIJÜIAM in. Meanwhile, reports .about tba state of the 'King bealth were constantly becoming more and mot alarming. His medical advisers, both Englin .nd Dutch, were at the end of their re eouroes. He bad oonaulted by letter all the moe eminent physicians of Europe; and, as ha was apprc ?tensive that they might return flattering .answers if the, knew who be was, be had written nnder feigned name; ToiFagon he bad described himself as a parish prieel Fagon replied, somewhat bluntly, tbat such symptom could have only one meaning, and that tba .only nd vic whioh be bad to give to the sick man waa to prepar himself for death. Having obtained this plain answer William consulted Fagon again without disguise, am obtained some prescriptions whioh were "thought ti hare a little retarded tbe approach of the dnrvitabli hour. But the great King's days were numbered j Hiadaohes ant sbiveriog fits returned on bim almos daily. Ho still rode, and even hunted; but he had ni tonger tbat firm seat or that perfeot oommomd of tbi i brille for whioh he had once'been renowned. Still, al I his ca-e was for the future. Tho filial respect one ¡tenderness of Albemarle had been almost a necessary o lila ' to 'him. Bat it was of important i that Heineias should be .fully informed bott j as to the whola plan of the next campaign j and as to the state cf the preparation a j Albemarle was in full possession of the ICing'i Íviews on these subjects. Ho was therefore sent to titi Hague. Heisslus was at that time suffering from ind:a poaition. wbiob was indeed a trida when compared witt itlie maladies under whioh William was sinking. Bat ir the nature of William there was nono of that selfisbnest wbloh is tbe too .common vice of invalids. On the 20tt of February bs fleet to Heineins a letter, in which be did not oven allude to his own Bufferings and infirmities " I am," be said, "infinitely concerned to learn that your health is not yet quite reestablished. May God be ploaaod to grant yee a speedy recovery. lam no »lt er. ably your good friend, William." Those were the lasl lines of that long correspondence. On the 30tb of Feb cu try. William was ambling on a favourato horse, named Sorrel, through the Park of Hampton Court. He urged but horse to strike into a gallop, just at a spot where s tarde had been at work. Sorrel stumbled on the mole- hill «nd went down on bis knees. Tba King foll of] and broke bia oollar-bone. The bone was set, And he returned to Kensington in his coach. Tito ¿citing of the rough roads, at that time, made it ne c'siary to reduce the fracture again. T<> a young and vigorous man such an accident would have bee» a trifle. But the frame of William was not in a condition to bear \ even tho «lightest shook. He felt tbat his tine was abort, sud grieved, with a grief such as only noble spirits feel, to think that he must leave his woik bat half finished, ft waa possible that be might still live until one of his plans should ba carried into execution. Be bad long koowa that the relation in which England and Scotland stood to each other was at best precarious, and oft.n unfriendly, and that it might be doubted whether, in an eitimato of Uta British power, roe resources of the smaller country ought not to be deducted from those cf Y>a''r8er* Becent events had proved tbat, without doubt, the two kingdoms eould not possibly continue for soother year to be on the terms on which they had been during the preceding century, and tbat there must ba between them either absolute union cr deadly enmity. Their enmity would biiog frightful calamities, not on themselves alone, but on all tho civilised world. Thoir anion would be the best security IV if Pr0BPeri,y of both, for tbe internal tranquillity of "ja island, for the just balanoe of power among European &tates;,and for the immunities of all Protestant countries. On the 3Sth of February the Commons listened with un. covered heada to tho last meassga that bore William's \- ? 80 mJB«tI. An onbappy accident, be told them, bad forced him to maka to them in writiog a oommunica « Vron1w5Ioa he would gladly have made from the throne. ¿i - *n tno ^ra' year oi D'a re'SBi expresied his ? oesiro to B3B sn union acoompliBhed between England and Scotland. Ha was oonvinced that nothing could '.- "or" «roduoe to tha eaf^ty and bappineess of both. He ; ssould think it bia peculiar felicity if. before the olose : ot ins reign, some happy expedient could be devised tor making the two kingdoms one ; and he, in the most . earnest mann or, recommended the question to the con. : »'deraüon of tbe Houses. It waa resolved tbat the . ra usage should be taken into consideration on Saturdaj na 'th Marcb. But on the 1st of March humours cf ' BUoaoing appearance showed themselves in the King's . «noe. On the <*th cf Maroh he was attacked by fever ; . on the Ctb his strength failed greatly; and on the Oth he .as soarcoly kept alive by oordisls. The Abjuration . util and a Money Bill were awaiting his assent. That ,\,vnl hs fe" he should be able to Riva in person. He V '.""afore ordered- a commission to be prepared for his j »igoature. His hand was now to weak to form the let . er« of bia camp, and it wa» Bagge»t jd that a slam; should bo prepared. Oa the 7th of M.rob. the stem W is reidy. The Ii >rd Keeper and the Clerks of the Par liament esme, accordion to assge, to witneSB tbe signini of the commission. Bat they were detained soma hoar fa the ante-obember, while ha waa io one of thi piroxyixns of bis malady. Meanwhile, the Houses wen sitting. It waa Saturday, the 7th, the day on which thi Commons bad resolved to take into consideration thi question of the anion with Scotland. Bat that subjeo waa not mentioned. It was known that the King hai bat a few hours to live; and the members asked eacl other aozlooaly whether it waa likely that the Aijuratioi and Money Bills would be passed before babied. Attn sitting long in the expectation of a message, the Com mons adjourned till six in the afternoon. By that time William had reoovered himself sufficiently to pot thi stamp on the parchment which authorised bis Commis sioners to act for bim. In the evening, when tbe Housei had assembled, Black Bod knocked. The Commons wen saramoned to the bar of the Lords ; the Commission wai read, the Abjuration Bill and tba Malt Bill became laws and both Houses adjourned till nine o'clock in thi morning of the following day. The following day wai Sunday, But there was little cbanoe that William wooli live through the night. It was of the highest impor i tance that, within the shortest possible time after bil j decease, the successor designated by the Bill of Right and the Aot of Succession should receive tbe bomsge o the Estates of the R/ahn, and be rublioly proclaimed ii the Council ; and the mont rigid Phirisee in the Sooiet; for the Reformation of Manners oould* hardly deny thai it was lawful to save the State, even on the Sabbath The King, meanwhile, wis Broking fast. Albemarli had arrived - at Kensington from the Hague exhausted by rapid travelling. His master kiodl; bide him go lo rest for soma hours, and tbei summoned him to make bis revett. That repor was ia ell respects eatisfaoto'y. The States Genera were in the beat temper.; the troops, tbe provisions end the magazines, were in the bent -order. Everything was in readiness for an early campaign. William Te oeivod the intelligence with the calmness o' a mat wbose work was done. He was nndar no illusion as tc his danger. MI am fast drawing," he said, " to my «.id." His end was worthy of his life. His intellect was DO for a moment olouded. His fortitude was the mort admirable,- beosuse be waa not willing to die. He bad very lately said to one of tboBe whom be most -loved i " Voa know that I never feared death : there have been times when I should have wished ft ; but, now that this great new prospeot is opening before rae, I do wish tc stay hers a little longer." Yet no weakness, no- queru- lousness, disgraced the noble alose of that noble career. To the physio ¡ans the King returned his thanks graciously end gently : " Ï know that you 'have done all that skill and learning oould do for me; but the oase is bayond your art, and I submit. Prom the words which escaped 'bim, he seemed to he frequently engaged in mental prayer. Burnet and Tenison remained many boors in 'the siak room. He professed to them bia firm belief in the truth of his Christian religion, and received tbe Sacra, meot (rom their bands with groat seriousness. The antechambers were orowded all night with Lords and Privy Councillors. He or&red; several of them to ba oallpd in, and exerted himself to take leave of them, with a few hind and cheerful words. Among tbe English who were admitted to his bedside were Oevonsbire and Ormond. But there were io t h a-crowd thise who felt as no Englishman oould feel, friends of his youth wbo had been true to him, and to whom he had been true, through all vioiBBiluden of fortune; who had s°rverf him with unalterable fidelity when his Secretaries of State, his Treasury, and his Admiralty had betrayed him ; who had never on any fi ¿Id of battle, or in any atmosphere-tainted with loathsome and deadly disease, shrunk fron plaoing their own lives in j»oparrla.v to save bis; and wbose truth he bad, at the ooBt nf his own popularity, rewarded with bounteous munificence. He alrained hw'feeble voice to thank Aaverqaerqae for the affectionate and loyal services of thirty years. To Alternarle he gav» the keys of bis o'oset and of his private drawers. " You know," he said, " what to do with them." " Can this," he said to tbe physiciano, " last long ?" Ha was told that the end was approaching-. He swallowed a cordial and asked for Bentinok. Tboae were his last articulate words. Bentinok instantly came to the beiside, bent down, and plaaed bis ear olose to the Kin^'n mouth. Tbe lips of the dying man moved, but nothing oould bs beard. The King took the band of his earliest friend, and pressed it tenderly to his heart. In that moment, no doubt, all that had cast a slight passing cloud over their long and pare friendship was forgotten. It was now between seven ' and eight in tbe morning. He closed bis eyes, and gasped for breath. The bishops knelt down snd read the commendatory prayer. When it waa ended William was no more. ' When bis remitas were laid oat, it was found that he woro next to his skin a small piece of black riband. The lords in waiting ordered it to be taken off. It contained a gold ting, end a look of the hair of Mary. cHAiucran or ORAIILES THE SECOND OF epixtr. [Thin was the laBt Spanish King of the male lino of Charles V., apon wbose death arose tho long war of the Spanleb SaccoBsion.] The Princo an whom so much depended was the most miserable of human being?. In old times he would have been exposed sa soon ashs osma into the world, and to expose bim would have been a kindness From bis birth a hlight was on his body and rn bis mind. With difficulty his almost impero-ptible spark of life bad been screened and fanned into a dim and flickering Aime. His childhood, except when he could be rocked and sung into sickly »leep, waa one long, piteous wail. Till be was ten years old his days wera passed on tho laps of womer, and be was never once suffered to a tao J on bis ricketty legs. None of those tawny little urchins, olad in rags stolen from suarearowp, whom Murillo loved to paint begging or rolling in the sand, owed less to education than this despotic ruler of 80,000.000 of subjects. Tbe most im- portant events in the his'ory of bis own kingdom, the very nanci of provinces and «itios which were among his most valuable possessions, were unknown to him. It may well be doubted whether ho was aware that Sicily was an island, that Christopher Columbus had dis- covered Amarice, or that the English were not Ma bomcdans. In bis youtb, however, though too imbecile for study or ior business, be waa not incspablo of being amused. He shot, hawked, and bunted. He enjoyed with the delight of a true Spaniard two delightful speotsolen-a horse with its bowels gored out and a Jew writhing in the fire. The time come when the mightiest of instincts ordinarily wakens from its repose. It was hoped that the yoong King would not prove invincible to female attractions, and that he would leave a Prince of Asturias to soooeed him. A consort was found for bim in the Boyal family of France, and her bead ty and grace gave bim a laoguid pleasure. He liked to adorn her with jewels, to see her dane*, and to tell her what sport he bad bad with his dogs and bis falcons. But it was soon whispered that she was a wife only in name. She died, and ber place was supplied l y a German Princess, nearly allied to lbs Imperial bense. But the second marriage, like the xtrat, proved barren, and long before the King bad passed the prime of life, all tbe politieans of Europe bad began to take it for granted in all their osloalations that bo won'd be the last descendant in the male line of Charlea V. Meanwhile a tullen and abject melancholy took possession of his soul. The diversions which had been the serious employment of b's youth became, distasteful to him. Ho ceased to find pleasure in his nets and hoar spears, in the fandango and tho bullfight. Sometimes be shut himself up in an toner charnier from the rye of his o.urtierr. Some- times be loitered alone, fi om sonrisa to sunset, in the dreary and rurg'd wilderness which surrounds the Escurlal. The hours which be did not waste in listless indolence were divided between obildish sports and childish devotions. He delighted in rare animals, and still mote tn dwarfs. When neither strange besatB nor little men could dispel the black thoughts wbioh gathered in his mind, be repeated Aves snd Credos ; be walked in processions; sometimes ho starved himself ; some- times he wLipped himself. At length a complication of maladies completed tho ruin of all his faculties. His stomach failed ; nor was thia strange, for in bim the malformation of the jaw, characteristio of his family, was so seiious that bo could not maeti cate his food, and. ho was io the habit of swallow- ing ollas and sweetmeats in. tbs state' in which they wore set before bim. While suffering 1 from indigestion ba was attacked by ague. Every third day bia convulsive tremblings, his dejection, his fits of wandering, seamed to indicate the approach of dissolu- tion. His misery was increased by the knowledge that evorybody was calculating how long he bai to live, and wandering what would become of his kingdoms when he shoul I ba dead. The stately dignitaries of his house- hold, the physicians wbo ministered to his diseased body, the divines whose business was to soothe bis not less diseased mind, tbs very wife who should have been intent on those gentle offices by which female tender, ness can alleviate even the . misery of hopoless decay, were all thinking of the new world whiob. was to córa- menos with bia death, and would have been . perfectly willing to see him in the bands of the embalmer, if they could have been certain that bis successor would be the prince whose interest they espoused. . . . . In a very abort time the King's malady tojk a new form. That he waa too week to lift his i food to his mis.shopen mouth ; that at ST he bad (he bald bead and wrinkled face ot a min of 70; that bia complexion waa turning fi yellow lo green ; that ba frequently frll down in and remained long insensible.-tbeie w re no longer worst symptoma of bit malady. He had always h afraid of ghosts and demons, and it bad long been net sary that three friars abould watch every night by restless bad aa a guard against hobgoblins.' But now wis firmly convinced that be waa bewitched, that he ' potseBsed, that there was a devil within him, that th were devils all around him. He waa exorcised acoj ing to the forma of bia Church, but this ceremony, stead of quieting him, seared him out of almost all little reason that nature had given bim. In hie mia and deapair he was induced to resort to irregular mo of relief. His confessor brought to Co impostora who pretended that they could interrog the powers of darkness. Tbe devil waa eal np, sworn, and examined. . Tbis strange de neat made oath, aa ia the presence of G that his Gatholio Majesty waa under a spell, whieh 1 been laid OD hint many years before, for the purpose preventing the continuation of the Boyal line. A di had been compounded out of the brains and kidneys a human corpse, and bad been administered in a cur choootate. This potion had dried up alt the sources life, and the best remedy to whioh the patient contd n resort wonld be to swallow a bowl of consecrated every morning before breakfast. Unhappily, the suth« of this story fell into contradictions which they 001 excuse only by throwing the blame on Satan, who, tl said, waa an unwilling witness, aod a liar from the I ginning. In the midst of their conjuring the Inquisili -came down upon them. It must be admitted that the holy office had reserved all ita terrora for suoh caa it would not now have been remembei as the most hateful judicature that v ever known among -civilised mon. 1 subaltern impostors were thrown into dungeo: hut the chief criminal continued to be master of I King and the kingdom. Meanwhile, in the diste perrd mind of Charlea one mania suooeeded anotb A longing ta pry into those myste ries nf the grave fr< whieb human being* avert their thoughts had long be hereditary in bis bouse. Juana, from whom the men constitution of ber posterity seems to have derived morbid taint, bad sate, year after year, by the bed whioh lay the ghastly romaine, of ber "husband, apt relied in the rich embroidery and jewets wbioh he h been wont to wear whilo living. Her san Charles loni on eocentrie pleasure in celebrating hiB own obaeqnii in patting on bis shroud, plaoing himself in the ooffj covering himself with tba pall, and lying one dead till tbe requiem had been sun and the mourners had departed, leaving hi alone in the lomb. Philip ll, found a Bim il pleasure in gazing on the bugs chest of bron: in which bis remsius were to be laid, and especially < I the skull whioh, enolrr'e 1 with the crown of Spai grinned at hitnirom tba cover. Phirfp IV., too, hanker after burials and 'burial plaocs, gratified hie ourioaity I gazing ora the Témalos ot his great grandfather, the Br peror, and sometimes stretched himself out at fall leutr liku a corpse in the niche wbioh be bad selected for hil self ia the Beyal oemetery. To that cemetery bia BI waa now attracted by a strange fascination. Euro] oonld show no more magnificent place of sépulture, staircase encrusted with j iBper led down from the state church of the Escorial into an octagon situated just i> neath tbe high altar. The vault,impervious to the sn was riob with gold and precious marble?, whioh reflect the blaze Oom a huge chandelier of silv. On the right and cn the left reposed, eaoh in massy sarcophagus, tbe departed kings and queei of Spain. Into tbis mausoleum tbe King descende with a long train of courtiers, and ordered II coffins to be unclosed. His mother had boen embalm« with suoh consonároste skill that abo appeared as ol had appeared on her deatb.fcrd. The body of his gram father, too, seemed entire, bat crumbled into dust at lt tirât touob. From Charles neither the remains of bi mother nor tboss of bis grandfather could draw an sign of sensibility. But when the gentle and graeefi Louisa ef Orleans, the miaerable man's first wife. Bb who had lighted up his dark existence with ona shoi and pale gleam of happiness, presented herself, eft« the lapse of ten years, to bis eyes, his sullen apatb gave way. "She is in Hoaven;" be cried, "and I sba Boon ba there with her;" and with all the speed i which his limbs were capable, be totterod baok to tb upper air. ROMANTIC «tOBy OF I.0KB «TO LADY CLANCATtTY. In the case of one great offender there wer some circumstances which attracted general ki terest, and whiob might furnish a good sub jeot to a novalist or a dramatist. Nea ourleen years before thia time, Sunderland, then Seore tary of State to Charles the Seeond, had married hi daugbter. Lady Elizabeth Spencer, toDonongb Maoartbj Earl of Clanoarty, the lord of an immense domain, ii Munster. Botb the bridegroom and tba bride wer mere children, the bridegroom only fifteen, the brH only eleven. After the oeremony they were separated and many years fall of strange vicissitudes elapsei before they agata met. The boy soon visited bil estates in Ireland. He had been bred a member of thi Church of England, but his opinions and his predict were loose He found himself among kinsmen wb< were zealous Bonan Catholics; A Riman Catholic bini waa on the throne. To turn Roman Catholic waa tbi best recommendation to favour both at Whitehall end a Dublin Castle. Clanoarty speedily changed hil religion, and from a dissolute Protestan beoame a dissolute Papist. After the Bo vol u lion he followed tba fortunes of James ; este in the Celtio Parliament which met at tbe King's Inns; oom. manded a regiment in the Celtio army; was farced tc surrender himself to Marlborough at Cork ; was sent tc England, and was imprisoned in tb« Tower. Tbe Clan- oarty estâtes, wbiob were supposed to yield a rent of nol mncb leas than ton thousand a year, were confiscated, They were charged with an annuity to the Earl's brother, and with another annuity to bis wife : but the greater part wan bestowed by tho King on Lord Woodstock, tbe eldest eon of Portlind. Daring somo time, the prisoner V life was not safe. For the popular voice ooonsed him ol outrages for wbioh tbe utmost lioense of civil war wou'd not furnish a pie«. It is said that be was threatened with an appeal of murder by the widow of a Protestant clergyman, who had been pot to death during the troubles. After passing three years in confinement, Clanoarty made bis escape to the Canti- near, waa graciously received at Si. Gemains, and was entrusted with Hie command of a corps of Irish refugee?. When the treaty of Byswiok bsd put an end to the hope that the banished djnaaty would be restored by foreign arms, be flattered himself that he might be able to make his peace with the English Government. But be was grievously disappointed. Tbe interest of his wife's family won undoubtedly more than suf&oieot; to'obtain a par- don for him. But on that interest be could not reokon. The selfish, base, covetous fatber.in-Iaw waa nit at all desirous to have a high-born beggar and the poa. ferity of a high-born beggar to maintain. Tho ruling passion of his brother-in-law was a Btern and seri monious party spirit. He could not bear to think that he was so nearly oonneoted with an enemy of the Bevolution and of the Bill of Bights, and j would with pleasure have seen the odious tic severed I even by the band of tbe executioner. There was one, I however, from whom tho rained, expatriated, praecribed young nobleman might hope to find a kind reception. I He stole acroes tbe Channel in disguise, presented him- self at Sunderland's dcor, and he requested to see Lady Clanoarty. He WBB charged, bo said, with a message to her from her mother, who wu then lying on a tick bed at Windsor. By tbis notion be obtained admission, made himself known to his wife, whose thoughts had probably been caaatantly fixed on bim during many years, and prevailed on her to give bim the most tender proofs nf sn affection sanctioned by tba laws both of God and of man. The secret was soon discovered, and be. i frayed by a waiting woman. Spencer learned that very I night that his sister bad sdmitted ber husband to her apartment. Tbe fanatical young Whig, burn- ing with animosity wbiob he mistook for vir. toe, and eager to emula'e the Corinthian who assassinated bi* brother, and the Boman who passed sentence of death on bis son, flaw to Ver. aaa'* office, gave information tbat Ibo Irish rebel, who had onee already escaped from custody, was ia hiding hard by, and procured a warrant and a guard of soldierp. C/ancarly was found in tbe aims of his wife, and dragged to the Tower. She followed bim,' and implored permission to partake bis cell. These events produced a great stir throughout the society cf London. Sunder- land professed everywhere tbat be heartily approved of his son's conduct ; but the pabilo bad made up its mind about Sunderland's veracity, aod paid very little attention to bis professions on tbis or on any other suhjeot. In general, honourable mea of both parties, whatever might be their opinions of Clancarty, felt grett compassion for bis mother, who wai dying of a broken heart, and bis poor young wife, ' who was begging piteously to be admitted within tba Traitor'a gate. Devonsb're' and Bedford joined with Or. mond to ask for mercy. Tbe aid of a still more power- ful intercessor was called in. Lady Bussell was esteemed by the K'og as a valuable friend; she -TOB venerated ly the nation generally as a tain*, 'hs widow of a martyr : and, when she deigned lo solicit favours, it was scarcely possible that she should solicit in vain. . She naturally felt a strong tymspthy for tba unhappy couple, who were parted by the walls of tbat gloomy old fortrose in which she had herself exchanged the last ssd endear- ments with on» whoas image waa never absent from ber. She took Iiidy Çlancarty with her to tbe palace, obtained access to W.llUm.aod pot a petition into .his hand. Clancartj was pardoned on eonlition that hi should leave «he kiogion and never return to ic A. penaion was granted to him. small when compared with the mianifiaent inheritance which be bad 'o felted, tat quite sufficient to enable him to live like a gentlemanon the Continent. lit retirad, accompanied by ht» Elizabeth, to Altona. "_ 