DISTRICT COUNCILS. MrrCHAM. October 12. Present—All the members. The Clerk was in structed concerning repairs of road near Sum mons's, likewise spreading; metal in Fullarton and ' Goodwood Parte. Messrs. Armour and Murray reported the road through Sections '.Hi, 35, 14, 15, 1(5, &c.;, impracticable. The report was received and adopted. The Council likewise determined to take no further action in the matter unless at the expense of Mr. John Kelly. Payments, £129 2s. MT7NNO PAEA EAST, Octobeb 21. No quorum. BRIGHTON, October 21. Present—Messrs. Hamilton (Chairman), Filmer, Smith, and Waters. The Overseer reported the completion of the cutting and embankment near Section 618, O'Halloran Hill, and other improve ments of roads. Payments, £3810s. STEATHALI1YN, October 12. Present—Dr. Blue (Chairman!, Messrs. Sta-k, Suntcr, and McLean. Five tenders received for making road at the Limestone Eangc; Phillips ami Co.'s for £35 accepted. Mr. Suntcr was authorized to get road between Mr. James S'.oane's corncrnear Mr. Colmau's Mill cleared of logs and stumps. Payments, £23 (is. ECHUNGA, October 21 Present—Messrs. Bussell (Chairman), Wittwer, Hampton, and Hill. The Clerk reported that Eoheit Clark & Sons had completed tneir contract from the District Council and Central Eoad Board. A slaughtering licence was granted to Mr W. Bussell. Beceipts, £12 12s.; payments, £30 Ss. Id. ALEXANDItlNA, October 11. Present—Messrs. Gilbert (Chairman), Mann, and Mitchell. Messrs. Leeder and Ciialklcn's tender for fencing at Milan": Cemetery accepted amount, £1310s., to include gate. Slaughtering licence granted to Mr. D. Thomson. October 21. Present—All the members but Mr. Mitchell. Mr. G. Wright tendered for the office of Banger. Consideration deferred. Resolved, that a meeting of ratepayers to adopt a rate he held. YANKALILLA, October IS. Present—Mi. W. Fergusson (Chairman) and Mr. J. Shepherd. No quorum. NOAIILUNga, October 21. Present—Messrs. Ii. Budgcn (Chairman) and J. Clark. No quorum. ONKAPAEENGA, October IS. Present—Ail the members. Tenders accepted— Greig, No. 99: Harris & Co., 100, lol, 102, and 103; Poole, 104: Wright A: Warren, 195. Messrs. Howard and Whitfield, licensed teachers, waited on the Council recording the usual annual exami nations of schools. It was resolved that the examinations should take placeearlv in November. The sum of A'4 to be paid to the Hahndorf .School, and the other schools lie awarded sums for prizes as shown by teachers* returns of attendance of pupils. The Clerk was directed to inspect and report on the ford nearthc Woodside Mill. Also, in regard to a note from Mr. Spender, Clerk to report on repairs necessary in that locality. Lodged in Bank, Jt5915s.; payments, £70 19s. 3d. HINDMARSH, October 21. Present—AH the Councillors except Mr. J. Pickering. The Banger was directed to summon all parties allowing cattle, pigs, or goats to stray about the district. Payments, j£71 (b. IOd. October 23. Meeting to Adopt a Bate.—Mr. James Gib son in the chair. The Clerk read the account of receipts and expenditure in each ward up to the present date. Mr. J. Copley, on behalf of the Council, proposed, and Mr. Joseph Mition se conded. that a rate of one shilling in the pound he adopted on the assessment Mr. S. Shillalieer pro posed that a rate of sixpence be adopted. Seconded lty Mr. Groves. After several ratepayers hail discussed the subject, the Chairman put the adop- j tion of the sixpenny rate, when three hands repre senting 13 votes were held up. For the shilling rate 9 hands were held up representing 29 votes and the Chairman declared the shilling rate car ried. No poll being demanded the meeting closed. CLARE, October 19. Present—All the members. Two tenders of £12 each sent in for works at Trilling's Gap. Both re fused—considered too high. Clerk to invite fresh tenders. Clerk ordered to write to David Thomas, requesting him to open road leading to water re serve, near Section 128J. Hill River, and Dr. Webb and Mr. Niniics to inspect same to ascertain re pairs necessary for cattle approaching the water. Messrs. Webb and Hannaford to get road repaired adjoining Messrs. Kelly A Roscrow's, Section Si, near Clare. Resolved, that the Council accept the offer of Dr. Webb in giving road through Section 137, near Clare, in exchange for road between Sec tions 3059 and 3070 and Sections 137. 399, 41, and 44\. Mr. Archer to be employed to define read l>c tween Sections 88 ami 91, Sevenhill. The revised assessment being brought up. Clerk was ordered to gazette same forthwith. Council agreed to meet on the hill. Fislier's Gap, to inspect proposed de viation of road for crossing same. Payments, £i 3s. 5d. October 21. Meeting of Ratepayers to Elect an Audi tor.—Dr. C. H. Webb in the chair. No poll living demanded, Sir. F. E. Archer was declared dulv elected. ON AUNG A, October 2L Meeting to Adopt a Rate—Mr. William Richardson, Chairman of District Council, in the chair. Proposed by Mr. F. Cleggctt, and seconded by Mr. Thomas Orowhurst. that a rate of nd. in the pound lie adopted. An amendment was proposed by Mr. W. Capner, and seconded by Mr. Andrews, that a rate of fid. in the pound be adopted. The Chairman, after putting the amendment and proposition to the meeting, declared the niucpenny ratc to be carried. Issuing ok Depasturing Ltcencfs.— Proposed bv Mr. F. Cleggctt, and seconded by Mr. William Mouldcn, that depasturing licences l»e issued. An amendment was proposed by Mr. William Mai", and seconded liy Mr. Isaac Billingham, that there be no licences issued. Tlic Chairman, after taking a show of hands, declared the amendment to tie carried. Messrs. William May and W. D. Stephenson were elected Auditors. District Business.—A letter received from Mr. i Stirling stated his unwillingness to giant a road I through bis property at Woodehester. A letter ! received from Mr. J. Bonnur. informing the i Council that he will give a road through Allotment j 13, Wor-dc-hester. prorided the other proprietors are willing to do the same. Five tenders received t for repairing bridge at Woodchester: D. Have's, at A'16, accepted. Applications were received from several ratepayers to have the roads in their localities repaired. The Councillors were severally authorized to have some repairs done by davwork in their respective localities. TbeCouneil re solved to inspect part of the road near the Scrubby Range after the meeting. Slaughtering licence granted to Mr. Watkin. Paid.fi HIUHEKCOMBE, October 15. Present—The Clinirman, and Messrs. Gollop and Newman. Messrs. Bosherncs and Oomth waite protested against the legality of opening the new mail through Sections Sll and 2'Wl—firstly, tliat they hail never liecn furnished with copies of Gazette^as by law required; and, secondly, they did not consider it would benefit the ratepayers generally, Resolved, that the said road be not opened." Mr. Klopper applied for repairs to Hope valler-road. To be attended to. Resolved, that Mr. John Possingliam be the Poundkccper at Houghton, on same terms as Mr. Uridley at Hope Valley Pound. Resolved, that Mr. Samuel Pearce's oner to lengthen culvert at Houghton 14 feet for £1 6s. be accepted. Mr. J. G. Coulls sent a farther subscription of £12 10s. for repairs to road near bis land. Receipts, £1210s.; payments, £44 16s. (id. RAPID BAY, October 19. Present—All tlie members except Air. Hansford. Several deviations in district applied for. A depu tation attended, requesting the road from Pool's Flat to be continued tlirough Section 1111. Con sideration deferred. Tenders invited for making a crossing between Sections 1513 and 1519; for forming and repairing road near Hordcostle's; and for clearing the road to Bedlam Flat. Tenders acceptedManagement of and hauling on jetty, G. Miller's, £60 per annum; Bishop's Flat-road, J. Sherguin's, £9 10s. Stockyards road repairs de ferred. Paid, £24 5s.; received, £10 5s. NAIRNE, October 21. Present—All the members. Mr. P. Dnfficld. on personal application, was permitted to put slip panel across road between Sections 30 and 3i, special survey, until tlie fence was completed. Four tenders for Ranger were opened. Thomas Smith, present Ranger, was continued in that office, his tender being the lowest. Air. J. Baker jun.'s offer to keep in repair for two years a font near J. Downing's for was accepted. The con sideration of road near Messrs. Aloore's and some other works was postponed until the Council wus in funds. Clerk to write to Arthur O'Neill to tlirow open the reserve at north-west corner of his section; also to write to Crown Lands Office as to reserve at St. Ives. Clerk to take steps to have the appeals against the assessment heard at an early date. Slaughtering licence granted to JolmPaull, and timber licence to J. Wells. Cash on hand and in Bank, £59 0s. 5d.; payments, £31 Ss. 10J. MACCLESFIELD, October 21. Present—All the members. Messrs. T. Kcnnair's and O'Dca's applications for further extension of time for opening roads could not l>c entertained. Mr. Dixon to report about road passing Sections &VW; :tnd 9*>H) Th/i / VmiomI tn -if 220S and 2210. 1 he Council to meet at Blackwood to inspect the road and select place for bridge. Mr. Henry Linn engaged to draw plan for the said bridge. Road order of Thos. Thomas had been returned confirmed bv His Excellency. Letter received from Mr. S. Davenport, intimating that he agrees to exchange of road through Section 3352\. The Council agreed to conditions proposed by Air. S. Davenport. Mr. Krichauff reported about bad place in road between Messrs. Natt and Paterson's. Payments, £49 2s.; received, JED fid. Cash in band and in Hank, £73 Is. 7 YATALA, October 21. Present—Messrs. K. K. Spotswood (Chairman), Marritt, Turner, and Turvey. ileceipts, £22; pay-' ments, £03. ENCOUNTER BAY, October IS. Present—E. VV. Norland (Chairman), E. Eobin son, D. Jones, and E. Lovelock. The Clerk re ported new line of road through Sections 183, 39, 184, aud 20 surveyed. Messrs. Robinson and Jones reported closed roads in Waitpinga. The Clerk to give notice to parties to open road passing the north boundary line of Sections 1308, 1309, 1314, and 1322; also, passing north boundary line of Sections 1318, 1323, 1327, 133* 132!), 1X30, 1332, 1:335, 1339, 1:340, and 1:343. The Clerk to give notice to owner of Section 182 to open road passing through the same. The Clerk to see to the imme diate opening of road passing between Sections 184 and 39, and between Sections 188 and lib. Tender received from Air. James Yanstone for approaches, Ac., to bridge in Inman Valley, for £14. Accepted. Application from Mr. Stone for improvement to bridge. Section 1316. Mr. Eobin son requested to examine the same, and, if need ful, arrange for the improvements. Mr. Lovelock be requested to examine the London Bridge and report. Air. Lovelock requested to examine the creeks near Sir. Torrington's, and report probable cost of new crossings. Air. Kobinson requested to examine road near Air. Lovelock's, and enquire of settlers the necessities of the neighbourhood. Timber licence to William Alfred Budd. POET GAWLER, October 2L AIeeting to Adopt a Kate.—A rate of three pence in the pound was proposed and seconded. An amendment for sixpence in the pound was also proposed and seconded. The show of hands was in favour of the threepenny rate. A poll was demanded, and at the close a majority of 33 votes was in favour of the tlireepeuny rate. General Business. —Present—All the mem bers except Air. Barnficld. Received letters from the Councils of Aludla Wirra and Alunno Para West, relative to the crossing over the Gawler at Day's. Resolved, that the Council co-operate, but not to exceed £10. Air. Hugh Stephens and Air. Robert Barufield were appointed to meet the depu tations from the other Councils. The' Pound keeper attended to answer the complaint against him. The Council examined the Pound and found it substantial. The Poundkeeper denied the other charges. Alfred West's tender was accepted for the following roads;—East of Kirkland's Block, £514s. lid.; "Salt Creek, south of Cordon's, £5 5s.; from Clement's to stone reserve, Section 8, £514s. per chain. William Speck, watertabling between Daniels's and Speck's, 17s. per chain. The well in Reeve's Plain to be cleaned out. John Chapman granted a slaughtering licence. Receipts, £2 9s.; payments, £102 Is. lid. WALKERYlLLE. October §3..— Present—The Chairman, and Messrs. Huntley, Walton, and Field. The Chairman reported that he had the thistles destroyed and glass re moved from district road. Air. Usher appointed Poundkeeper. The Kapijnda Institute.—The follow ing is the Committee's report of the Kapunda Institute :—"The Committee of the Kapunda In stitute take this opportunity of presenting a brief outline of its affairs, and In so doing they believe they are only performing a part of that duty de volving upon them at the present time as the Com mittee of a public Institution. They assert that the Institrtion is open to all, without restriction, upon the usual payment, viz., 5s. per quarter, pay able in advance, upon which they arc entitled to the use ,of library, access to the lectures, a voice in its government, and are eligible as candidates to the Directorship at the half-yearly meeting, held in June and December of each year. At the last general meeting many important matters were brought under their consideration, viz., changing the number of tbc Working Committee (winch, suffice it to say, has been found to work more bene ficially); obtaining of lectures upou various sub jects of an amusing and yet instructive a character as possible; selecting aud purchasing of such new books of a popular kind, yet useful in matter, and withdrawing those deemed worthless; changing the site of the Institute to one more central; the formation of an essay class; and they are glad to report that in each some degree of success has attended their efforts. In the department of lectures they have hitherto had considerable difficulty to obtain any. Now, through the aid of the central Institute, and the co-opera tion of others, they believe that the necessary influence will lie maintained in that department, as they arc able to announce lectures for some nine to twelve months to come. From the list, as furnished by the central Institute, they have chosen gentlemen to lecture upon very amusing and instructive subjects, to lie delivered in the first mouth in each quarter. They arc—G. F. Angas, Esq., on "Sea Sliells,' and tlic Rev. It. ItusselL, on "Ghosts;* Captain Needham, on 'Knights of Oldarid the lie v. W. Harcus, on * Genius under Difficulties,* as exemplified hi the character of the late Mr. George Stephenson; the" intervening months by local or other aid, as the case may be. The first of these lectures lias been delivered, though not to so numerous an audience as the Committee could wish, for each lecture is attended with considerable expense. Essays—The Com mittee, having in view the modesty or diffidence which characterizes many of the members, which prevents them from delivering lectures, have thought it desirable to fonn an essay class, and several members have commenced their operations by giving in their names, with a subject: and, should no great success attend their efforts they believe good will arise from the confidence "they will gain in speaking, and correctness in their writings, which will crown each effort. Books—The Committee are glad to say they .have lieen able, within the last few weeks, to add 00 additional volumes of new 'books of a vero' superior yet popular kind, at a cost of about £17. These volumes, with those of the ccutral Institute, form an addition of 100 volumes for circulation over last quarter. Library, now comprising 500 volumes, consists as followsPoetry, 18; sciences, 25; fiction, 211; biography and history, 160; uarrativc and essay, 64; religion, 40; and books of reference, 30\. The weekly circulation is 40. The Committee purpose sending to England for £20 to £30 worth more if the funds permit; further, they take this opportunity of saying they would not reject but madly accept any donation that might be offered. Removing the Institute has been long under their consideration, and they believe its removal to the main street, or as nearly thereto as possible, to be most desirable; consequently the Sub-Committee, as appointed, have obtained a knowledge of the various allotments with their prices, which will be brought before the next general meeting of the members. Owing to the difficulty of establishing the Institute, a mortgage was obliged to be obtained upon the present building, which has entailed a liability of £21 per annum; but now that the Institute is virtually out of debt, and the general opinion being against its present site, the Committee feel desirous of re moving it as early as possible to the most suitable spot, and in which they would gladly accept the offer or services of any present. Memliers—The number now on the books is 87, of which 53 have paid for the present quarter, being 1G over the past quarter; ami, in order that the Committee may be enabled to discharge the various incidental and licriodical accounts (which consist of about £70 I>cr annum, and consists as follows:—Management, £20; Building Society, £29 16s.; magazines and daily papers,. £10; sundries £10 to £15), and to carry out this object they solicit fresh members, and punctual payment by members now enrolled on the lwoks. The last annual soiree was held on Monilay, the lffth August last, in tills room. The number then present far exceeded the most san guine expectations'of its promoters. The lecture, delivered by J. II. Clark, Esq., was, befitting the occasion, of a laughable and amusing description. The local amateur musicians, whose gratuitous ser vices were most cheerfully rendered, added ma terially to render the evening a pleasing one, as also the beautiful manner in which the room was decorated by the luemlicrs of the Institute, and gracefully adorned by the presence and nohlv sup ported liy the ladies, and strengthened by the gift of an excellent tea, which promises to stimulate all to greater exertions for the next." Political Association.—In compliance with an advertisement, signed "Thomas Murphy.*' which appeared in the daily papers of Friday, a meeting of the Committee of the Political Associa tion was held at the Hotel Europe, on Saturday. evening, October Iff. The advisability of calling the meeting bad been suggested by the remarks made by several members in the House of As sembly on the subject of immigration. Mr. T. Murphy was voted to the chair, and after some conversation it was decided that the Committee should meet weekly, and the Secretary was di rected to write to the country Associations, urging upon them the importance of being on the alert "in watching the conduct of their representatives in I Parliament relative to the matter of immigration. ' 