THE OXFORD "ESSAYS AND REVIEWS." No. 6. Tendencies of Religious Thought in England, 1688 —1750. By MARK PATTISON, B.D. Another, perhaps the' only other, book of this polemical tribe which can be said to have been completely successful as an answer, is one most unlike the Analogy in all its nobler fea- tures. This is Bentley's Remarks upon a late Discourse of Freethinking, by Phileleutherus Lip siensis, 1713. Coarse, arrogant, and abusive, with all Bentley's worse faults of style and temper, this masterly critique is de- cisive. Not, of course, of the Deist- ical controversy on which the critic avoids entering. The Discourse of Freethinking was a small tract published in 1713 by Anthony Col- lins. Collins was a gentleman of independent fortune, whose high personal character and general respectability seemed to give a weight to his words, which assuredly they do not carry of themselves. By ' freethinking,' he means liberty of thought—the right of bringing all re- ceived opinions whatsoever to the touchstone of reason. Among, the grounds or authorities by which he supports this natural right, Collins unluckily had recourse to history, and largely, of course, to the precedent of the Greek philosophers. Collins, who had been bred at Eton and Kings, was probably no worse a scholar than his contemporary Kings- men, and the range of his reading was that of a man who had made the classics the com- panions of his maturer years. But that scholarship which can supply a quotation from Lucan, or flavour the style with an occasional allusion to Tully or Seneca, is quite incompetent to apply Greek or Roman precedent properly to a modern case. Addison, the pride of Oxford, had done no better. In his Essays on the Evidences of Christianity, Addison ' assigns as grounds for his religious belief, stories as absurd as that of the Cock- lane ghost, and forgeries as rank as Ireland's Vortigern, puts faith in the lie about the thundering legion, is convinced that Tiberius moved the Senate to admit Jesus among the gods, and pronounces the letter of Agharus, King of Edessa, to be a record of great authority.' (Macaulay : Essays.) But tho public was quite satisfied with Addison's citations, in which a public, which had given the victory to Boyle in the Phalaris controversy, could hardly suspect any- thing wrong. Collins was not to escape so easily. The freethinker flounders hopelessly among tho authorities he has invoked. Like the necromancer's apprentice, he is worried by the fiends he has summoned but cannot lay, and Bentley, on whose nod they wait, is there like another Cornelius Agrippa, hounding them on and enjoying the sport. Collins's mistakes, mistranslations, misconceptions, and distortions are so mon- strous, that it is difficult for us now, forgetful how low classical learning had sunk, to believe that they are mistakes, and not wilful errors. It is rare sport to Bentley, this rat-hunting in an old rick, and he lays about him in high glee, braining an authority at every blow. When he left off abruptly, in the middle of a ' Third Part,' it was not because he was satiated with slaughter, but to substitute a new excite- ment, no less congenial to his temper —a quarrel with the University about his fees. A grace, voted 1715, tendering him the public thanks of the University, and 'praying him in the name of the University, to finish what remains of so useful a work,' could not induce him to resume his pen. Tho Remarks of Phileleutherus Lipsiensis, unfinished though they are, and trifling as was the book which gave occasion to them, are perhaps the best of all Bentley's performances. They have all the merits of the Phalaris dissertation, with the advantage of a far nobler sub- ject. They show how Bentley's exact appreciation of the value of terms could, when he chose to apply it to that purpose, serve him as a key to the philosophical ideas of past times, no less than to those of poetical meta- phor. The tone of the pamphlet is most offensive, 'not only not insipid, but exceedingly bad- tasted.' We can only, say tho taste is that of his age, while the knowledge is all his own. It was fair to show that his antagonist undertook ' to interpret the Prophets and Solomon without Hebrew ; Plutarch and Zosimus (Collins spells it Zezimus) without Greek ; and Cicero and Lucan, without Latin.' (Remarks, Part i. No. 3.) But the dirt endeavoured to be thrown on Collins will cleave to the hand that throws it. It may be worth mention that this tract of Bentley contains tho original of Sydney Smith's celebrated defence of the "prizes" in tho Church. The passage is a favourable specimen of the moral level of a polemic who was accusing his opponent of holding ' opinions the most abject and base that human nature is capable of.' (Letter prefixed to Remarks.) ' He can never conceive or wish a priesthood either quieter for him, or cheaper, than that of tho present Church of England. Of your quiet- ness himself is a convincing proof, who has writ this outrageous book, and has met with no punishment nor persecution. And for the cheapness, that appeared lately in one of your parliaments, when the accounts exhibited showed that 5000 of your clergy, the greater part of your whole number, had, at a middle rate one with another, not 50 pounds a year. A poor emolument for so long, so laborious, so expensive an education, as must qualify them for holy orders. While I resided at Oxford, and saw such a conflux of youth to their annual admissions, I have often studied and admired why their parents would, under such mean encouragements, design their sons for the Church ; and those the most towardly and capable, and select geniuses among their children, who must needs have emerged in a secular life. I congratulated, indeed, the felicity of your establishment, which attracted the choice youth of your nation for such very low pay ; but my wonder was at the parents, who generally have interest, maintenance and wealth, the first thing in their view, till at last one of your state- lotteries ceased my astonishment. For as in that, a few glittering prizes, 1000, 5000, 10,000 pounds among an infinity of blanks, drew troops of adventurers, who if the whole fund had been equally ticketed, would never have come in so a few shining dignities in your Church, prebends, deaneries, bishopricks, are tho pious fraud that induces and decoys the parents to risk their child's fortune in it. Every one hopes his own will get some prize in the Church, and never reflects on the thousands of blanks in poor country livings. And if a foreigner may tell you his mind, from what he sees at home, 'tis this part of your establishment that makes your clergy excel ours [i. e., in Germany, from which Phileutherus Lipsíensis is supposed to write]. Do but level all your preferments, and you'll soon be as level in your learning. For, instead of the flower of the English youth you'll have only the refuse sent to your academies, and those, too, cramped and crippled in their studies, for want of aim and emulation. So that, if your Freethinkers had any politics, instead of suppressing your whole order, they should make you all alike ; or if that cannot be done, make your preferments a very lottery in the whole similitude. Let your Church dignities be pure chance prizes, without regard to abilities, or morals, or letters.' {Remarks, &c.;, Part ii. § 40.) It has been mentioned that Bentley does not attempt to reply to the argument of the Discourse on Free-thinking. His tactic is to ignore it, and to assume that it is only meant as a covert attack on Christianity; that Collins is an Atheist fighting under the disguise of a Deist. Some excuse, perhaps, may be made for a man nourished on pedagogic latin; and accustomed to launch furious sarcasm, at any opponent who betrayed a brutal ignorance of the difference between 'ac' and 'et.' But Collins was not a sharper, and would have dis- dained practices to which Bentley stooped, for the sake of a professorship. When Bentley, in the pride of academic dignity, could thus browbeat a person of Collins's con- sideration, it was not to be expected that the inferior fry of Deistical writers,—Toland, a writer for the press ; Tindal, a fellow of a col- lege ; or Chubb, a journeyman glover—met with fairer treatment from their opponents. The only exception to this is the ease of Shaftesbury, to whom, as well after his death, as in his lifetime, his privileges as a peer seem to have secured immunity from hangman's usage. He is simply 'a late, noble author.' Nor was this respect inspired by the Earl's profession of Christianity. He does, indeed, make this profession with the ut- most unreserve. He asserts his ' steady ortho- doxy,' and 'entire submission to the truly Christian and Catholic doctrines of our holy Church, as by law established,' and that he holds 'the mysteries of our religion even in the minutest particulars.' (Characteristicks, Vol. iii. p. 315.) But this outward profession would only have brought down upon any other writer an aggravated charge of cowardly malice and concealment of Atheism. If Shaftesbury, was spared on account of his rank, tho orthodox writers were not altogether wrong in fastening upon this disingenuousness as a moral charac- teristic of their antagonists. The excuse for this want of manliness in men who please themselves with insinuating unpopular opinions which they dare net advocate openly, is that it is an injustice perpetrated by those who have public feeling on their side. ' They make,' says Mr. Tayler, 'the honest expression of opinion penal, and then condemn men for disingenuousness. They invite to free discussion, but determine beforehand that only one conclusion can be sound and moral. They fill the arena of public debate with every instrument of torture and annoyance for the feeling heart, the sensitive imagination, and the scrupulous intellect, and then are angry that men do not rush headlong into the martyrdom that has been prepared for them.' (Religious Life of England, p..282.) In days when the pillory was the punishment for common libel, it cannot be thought much that heresy and infidelity should be punished by public opprobrium. And public abhorrence was the most that a writer against revelation had now to fear. Mandeville's Fable of the Bees, "indeed, was presented as a nuisance by the grand jury of Middlesex, in 1723, as were Bolingbroke's collected ' Works,' in, 1752, and Toland's Christianity not Mysterious, in 1699. We find, too, that Toland had to fly from Dublin, and Collins to go out of the way to Holland, for fear of further consequences. But nothing ever came of these presentments. The only prosecution for religious libel was that of Woolston, 2 George II., in which the defendant, who was not of sound mind, pro- voked and even compelled the law officers of the crown to proceed against him, though they were very reluctant to do so. When thus com- pelled to declare the law, on this occasion, the Lord Chief Justice (Raymond) ' would not allow it to be doubted that to write against Christianity in general was punish- able at common law.' Yet both then and since, judges and prosecutors have shown themselves shy of insisting upon the naked offence of ' impugning the truth of Christianity.' That it is an offence at common law, indepen- dent of 9 and 10 William III., no lawyer will deny. But an instinctive sense of the incom- patibility of this legal doctrine with tho funda- mental tenet of Protestant rationalism has always served to keep it in the background. ' The judges seem to have played fast and loose in this matter, in such sort as might enable tho future judge to quote the tolerant or tho intolerant side of their doctrine as might prove convenient ; and while seemingly disavowing all interference with fair discussion, they still kept a wary hold of tho precedents of Hale and Raymond, and of the great arcanum of 'part and parcel;' semianimesque micant digi'i, ferrumque retractant.' ' {Considerations on the Law of Libel. By John Search, 1833.) Whatever excuse the Deistical writers might have for their insidious manner of writing, it is more to the present purpose to observe that we may draw from it tho conclusion that public opinion was throughout on the side of tho de- fenders of Christianity. It might seem almost superfluous to say this, were it not that, com- plaints meet us on every side, which seem to imply the very contrary; that in the words of Mr. Gregory, 'the doctrine of our Church is ex- ploded, and our holy religion become only a name which, is everywhere spoken against.' (Pref. to Beveridge's Private Thoughts, 1709.) Thirty years later Butler writes, that ' it is come to be taken for granted that Christianity is not so much as a subject of inquiry ; but that it is now, at length, discovered to be fictitious. Accordingly they treat it as if in the present age this were an agreed point among all people of discernment, and nothing remained but to set it up as a principal subject of mirth and ridicule, as it were by way of reprisals for its having so long interrupted the pleasures of the world.' (Adver tisement to Analogy, 1730.) "However a loose kind of Deism might be the tone of fashionable circles, it is clear that distinct dis- belief of Christianity was by no means the general state of the public mind. The leaders of the Low-church and Whig party were quite aware of this. Notwithstanding the universal complaints of the High-church party of the prevalence of infidelity, it is obvious that this mode of thinking was confined to a very small section of society. Tho Independent Whig (May 4, 1720), in the middle of its blus- tering and endeavours to terrify the clergy with their unpopularity, is obliged to admit that 'the High church Popish clergy will laugh in their sleeves at this advice, and think there is folly enough yet left among the laity to support their authority ; and will laugh them selves, and rejoice over the ignorance of the Universities, the stupidity of the drunken squires, the panic of the tender sex, and the never-to-be-shaken constancy, of the multitude.' A still better evidence is the confidence and success with which the writers on the side of Revelation appealed to the popular passions, and cowed their Deistical opponents into the use of that indirect and disingenuous procedure with which they then taunted them. The cler- ical sphere was much more a sphere by itself than it has since become. Notwithstanding the large toleration really practised, strict professional etiquette was still observed in the Church and the Universities. The horizontal hat, the starched band, and the cassock, were still worn in public, and certain proprieties of outward manner were ex- pected from 'the cloth.' The violation of these proprieties was punished by the forfeiture of the offender's prospects of preferment, a point on which the most extreme sensitiveness existed. In the Balguy and Waterland set an officious spirit of delation seems to have flourished. The general habit of publicly can- vassing religious topics was very favourable to this espionage ; as, at the Reformation, the Catholics gathered their best calumnies against Luther from his unreserved 'table-talk.' It was not difficult to draw the unhappy Middle- ton into ' unguarded expressions' (Van Mildert, Life of Wàterîand, p. 102); and something which had fallen from Rundle in his younger days was used against, him so successfully that even the Talbot interest was able to procure him only an Irish bishoprick. Lord Chester fleld, seeing what advantage tbe High-church party derived from this tactic, endeavoured to turn it against them. He gives a circumstantial account of a conversation with Pope, which would tend to prove that Atterbury was, nearly all his life, a sceptic. The thing was not true, as Mr.Carruthers has shown (Life of Pope, 2nd ed. p. 213), and true or false, the weapon in Chesterfield's hands was pointless. Though the general feeling of the country was sufficiently decided to oblige all who wished to write against Christianity, to do so under a mask, this was not the case with attacks upon the clergy. Since the days of the Lollards there had never been a time when the established ministers of religion were held in so much con- tempt, as in the Hanoverian period, or when satire upon churchmen was so congenial to general feeling. This too was the more ex- traordinary, as there was no feeling against the Church Establishment, nor was non- conformity as a theory ever less in favour. The contempt was for the persons, manners, and character of the ecclesiastics. When Macaulay brought out his portrait of the clergy- man of the revolution period, his critics endea- voured to show that that portrait was not true to life. They seem to have brought out the fact that it was pretty fairly true to literature. The difficult point is to estimate how far the satirical and popular literature of any age may be taken as representative of life. Satire to be popular must exaggerate, but it must be exaggeration of known and recognised facts. Mr. Churchill Babington (Character of the Clergy, &c;, considered,p. 48) sets aside two of Macaulay's authorities, Oldham and T. Wood, because Oldham was an Atheist and Wood a Deist. Admitting that an Atheist and a Deist can be under no obligation to truth, yet a satirist, who intends to be read, is under the most inevitable engagement to the probable. Satire does not create the sentiment to which it appeals. A portrait of the country parson temp. George the Second which should be drawn verbatim from the pamphlets of the day would be no more historical, than is that portrait of the begging friar of the 10th century which our historians repeat after Erasmus, and the Epistolæ Obscuro- rum Virorum. History may be extracted from them, but these caricatures are not themselves history. One inference which we may safely draw is that public feeling encouraged such represen- tations. It is a symptom of the reli- gious temper of the times, that the same public which compelled the Deist to wear tho mask of ' solemn sneer' in his assaults upon Christian doctrine, required no such disguise or reserve when the ministers of the Church were spoken of. Nor does the evidence consist in a few, stray extracts from here and there a Deist or a cynic, it is tho tone of all the popular writers of that time. The unedifying lives of the clergy are a standard theme of sarcasm, and continue to be so till a late period in the century, when a gradual change may be observed in the language of literature. This antipathy to the clergy visible in the Hanove- rian period, admits of comparison with that vein which colours tho popular songs of the Wick- liffite era. In the 15th century, the satire is not indiscriminate. It is against the monks and friars, the bishops and cardinals, as distinct from the ' poor persoun of a toun.' Its point against tho organised hypocrisy of tho papal Churchmen is given it by the picture of the ideal minister of 'Christe's Gospel' which always ac- companies the burlesque. In the 18th century the license of satire goes much beyond this. In the early part of the century we find clerical satire observing to some extent a similar discri- mination. The Tory parson is libelled always with an ostentatious reserve of commendation for the more enlightened and liberal Hanove- rian, the stanch maintainer of the Protestant Succession. This is the tone of the Independent Whig, one of the numerous weekly sheets called into being in imitation of the Tatler. It was started in 1720, taking for its exclusive theme the Clergy, whom it was its avowed object to abuse. A paper came out every Wednesday. It was not a newspaper, and does not deal in libel or personalities, hardly ever mentioning a name, very rarely quoting a fact, but dilating in general terms upon clerical ignorance and bigotry. This dull and worthless trash not only had a consider- able circulation at the time, but was reprinted, and passed through several editions in a collected form. The Bishops talked of prohibiting it, but, on second thoughts, acted more wisely in taking no notice of it. The only part of the kingdom into which it could not find entrance was the Isle of Man, where the saintly Wilson combined with apos- tolic virtues much of the old episcopal claims over the consciences of his flock. The Inde- pendent Whig, though manifestly written by a man of no religion, yet finds it necessary to keep up the appearance of encouraging the ' better sort ' of clergy, and affecting to despise only the political priests, the meddling chaplain, the preferment hunter, the toper, who is notable at bowls, and dexterous at whist. As we advance towards the middle of the century, and the French influence begins to mingle with pure English Deism, the spirit of contempt spreads till it involves all priests of all religions. The language now is, ' The estab- lished clergy in every country are gene- rally tbe greatest enemies to all kinds of reformation, as they are generally the most narrow-minded and most worthless set of men in every country. Fortunately for the present times, the wings of clerical power and influence are pretty close trimmed, so that I do not think their opposition to the proposed reformations could be of any great consequence, more of the people being inclined to despise them, than to follow them blindly.' (Burgh, Political Disquisitions, 1774.) It was no longer for their vices that the clergy were reviled, for the philosopher now had come to understand that 'their virtues were more dangerous' to society. Strictness of life did but increase the dislike with which the clergyman was regarded ; his morality was but double-dyed hypocrisy ; religious lan- guage from his mouth was methodistical cant. Nor did the orthodox attempt to struggle with this sentiment. They yielded to it, and adopted for their maxim of conduct, ' surtout point de zele.' Their sermons and pamphlets were now directed against ' Enthusiasm' which became the bugbear of that time. Every clergyman, who wished to retain any influence over the minds of his parishioners, was anxious to vindicate himself from all suspicion of enthusiasm. When he had set himself right in this respect, he endeavoured to do the same good office for the Apostles. But if he were not an 'enthusiast,' he was an 'im- postor.' For every clergyman of the Church had against him an antecedent presumption as a 'priest.' It was now well understood, by all enlightened men, that the whole sacerdotal brood were but a set of impostors, who lived by deceiving the people, and who had invented religion for their own benefit. Natural religion needed no ' priests' to uphold it; it was obvious to every under- standing, and could maintain itself in the world without any confraternity sworn to the secret. Again came a change. As the Methodist movement gradually leavened the mass beneath, zeal came again into credit. The old Wickliflite, or Puritan, distinction is revived between, the ' Gospel-preachers' and the ' dumb dogs.' The antipathy to priests was no longer promiscuous. Popular indignation was reserved for the fox-hunter and the pluralist; the Hophni-and-Phineas generation ; the men, who are described as ' careless of dis- pensing the bread of life to their flocks, preach- ing a carnal and soul-benumbing morality, and trafficking in the souls of men by receiving money for discharging the pastoral office in parishes where they did not so much as look on the faces of the people more than once a year.' In the well-known satire of Cowper, it is no longer irreligious mocking at sacred things under pretence of a virtuous indignation. It becomes again what it was before tho Reformation—an earnest feeling, a religious sentiment, tho moral sense of man; Huss or Savonarola appealing to the written morality of the Gospel against the practical immorality consecrated by the Church. Something too of tho old anti-hierarchical feeling accompanies this revival of tho influ- ence of the inferior clergy ; a faint reflection of the bitter hatred which the Lollard had borne to Pope and Cardinal', or the Puritan to ' Pre- lacy.', The utility of the episcopal and capituler dignities continued to be questioned long after tho evangelical parish pastor had re- established himself in the affections of his flock, and 1832 saw tho cathedrals go down amid the general approbation of all classes. In the earlier half of the cen- tury the reverse was the case. The boorish country parson was the man whose order was despised then, and his utility questioned. The Freethinkers themselves could not deny that the bench and the stalls were graced by some whose wit, reputation, and learning would have made them considerable in any profession. The higher clergy had with them tho town and the court, the country clergy sided with the squires. The mass of tho clergy were not in sympathy, either politically or intel- lectually, with their ecclesiastical superiors. The Tory fox-hunter in the Freeholder (No. 22) thiuks 'the neighbouring shire very happy for having scarce a Presbyterian in it except the Bishop ;' while Hickes ' thanks God that the main body of the clergy are in their hearts Jacobites.' The bishops of George the Second deserved the respect they met with. At no period in tho history of our Church has the ecclesiastical patronage of tho crown been better directed than while it was se- cretely dispensed by Queen Caroline. For a brief period, liberality and cultivation of mïnd were passports to promotion in the Church. Nor were politics a hindrance ; the queen ear- nestly pressed an English see upon Bishop Wilson. The corruption which began with the Duke of Newcastle (1740) gradually deepened in the subsequent reign, as political orthodoxy and connection were made the tests, and the borough holders divided the dignities of the Church among their adherents. Of an age so solid and practical it was not to be expected that its theology and metaphysics would mount into the more remote spheres of abstraction. Their line of argument was, as has been seen, regulated by the necessity, they laid themselves under of appealing to sound sense and common reason. But not only was their treatment of their topic popular, the motive of their writings was an immediate practical necessity. Bishops and deans might be made for merit, but it was not mere literary merit, classical scholarship, or University distinction. The Deistical con- troversy did not originate, like some other controversies which have made much noise in their time, in speculative fancy, in the leisure of the cloister, or the college. It had a living practical interest in its complication with the questions of the day. The endeavour of the moralists and divines of the period to ration- alise religion was in fact an effort to pre- serve the practical principles of moral and religious conduct for society. It was not an academical disputation, or a contest of wits for superiority, but a life and death strug- gle of religious and moral feeling to maintain itself. What they felt they had to contend against was moral depravity and not theological error; they wrote less in the interest of truth than in that of virtue. A general relaxation of manners, in all classes of society, is univer- sally affirmed to be characteristic of that time ; and theology and philosophy applied themselves to combat this. A striking instance of this is Bishop Berkeley, the only metaphysical writer of the time, besides Locke, who has maintained a very high name in philosophical history. He forms a solitary —it might seem a singular—exception, to what has been said of the prosaic and unmetaphysi cal character of this moralising age. The two peculiar metaphysical notions, which are con- nected with Berkeley's name, and which, though he did not originate, he propounded with a novelty and distinctness equal to originality, have always ranked as being on the extreme verge of rational speculation, if not actually within the region of unfruitful paradox and metaphysi- cal romance. These two memorable specula- tions, as propounded by Berkeley in the Aleiphron, come before us not as a Utopian dream, or an ingenious play of reason, but in- terwoven in a polemic against the prevailing un- belief. They are made to bend to a most prac- tical purpose, and are Berkeley's contributions to the Deistical controversy. The character of the man, too, was more in harmony with the plain utilitarian spirit of his time than with his own refining intellect. He was not a closet-thinker, like his master Malebranche, but a man of the world and of society, inquisitive and well informed in many branches of practical science. Practical schemes, social and philan- thropic, occupied his mind more than abstract thinking. In pushing the received metaphysical creed to its paradoxical consequences, as much as in prescribing "tar-water," he was thinking only of an immediate 'benefit to mankind.' He seems to have thought nothing of his argument until he had brought it to bear on the practical questions of the day. Were the 'corruption of mariners' merely the complaint of one party or set of writers, a cry of factious Puritanism, or of men who were at war with society, like the Nonjuring clergy, or of a few isolated individuals of superior piety, like William Law, it would he easily explicable. The ' world' at all times, and in all countries, can be described with truth as 'lying in wickedness,' and the rebuke of the preacher of righteousness is equally needed in every age. There cannot be a darker picture than that drawn by the Fathers of the 3rd century of the morals of the Christians in their time. (See, passages in Jewel's Apology) The rigorous moralist, heathen or Christian, can always point in sharp contrast the vices and the belief of mankind. But, after making every allowance for the exaggera- tion of religious rhetoric, and the querulous- ness of defeated parties, there seems to remain some real evidence for ascribing to that age a more than usual moral license and contempt of external restraints. It is the concurrent testi- mony of men of all parties, it is the general strain of the most sensible and worldly divines, prosperous men who lived with this very world they censure, men whose code of morals was not large, nor their standard exacting. To attempt the inquiry what specific evils were meant by the general expressions 'decay of religion' and' corruption of manners,' —the stereotype phrases of the time—is not within the limits of this paper. No historian, as far as I am aware, has attempted this exami- nation ; all have been content to render, with- out valuation, the charges as they find them. I shall content myself with producing here one statement of contemporary opinion on this point; for which purpose I select a layman, David Hartley. Observations on Man, vol. ii. p. 441.) ' There are six things which seem more es- pecially to threaten ruin and dissolution to the present States of Christendom. ' 1st. Tho great growth of atheism and infi- delity, particularly amongst the governing parts of these States. 2nd. The open and abandoned lewdness to which great numbers of both sexes, especially in the high ranks of life, have given themselves up. '3rd. The sordid and avowed self-interest, which is almost the sole motive of action in those who are concerned in the administration of public affairs. '4th. The licentiousness and contempt of every kind of authority, divine or human, which is so notorious in inferiors of all ranks. ' 5th. The great worldly-mindedness of the clergy, and their gross neglect in the discharge of their proper functions. '6th. The carelessness and infatuation of parents and magistrates with respect to tho education of youth, and the consequent early corruption of the rising generation. ' All these things have evident mutual con néctions and influences ; and as they all seem likely to increase from time to time, so it can scarce be doubted by a considerate man, whether he be a religious one or no, but that they will sooner or later, bring on a total disso- lution of all the forms of government that subsist at present in the Christian countries of Europe.' Though there is entire unanimity as to the fact of the prevailing corruption, there is tho greatest diversity of opinion as to its cause. Each party is found in turn attributing it to tho neglect of disbelief of tho abstract proposi tíons in which it's own particular creed is ex- pressed. Tho Nonjurers and High-Church- men attribute it to the Toleration Act and tbe latitudinarianism allowed in high places. One of the very popular pamphlets of tho year 1721 was a fast-sermon preached before the Lord Mayor by Edmund Massey, in which he enumerates the evils of the time and affirms that they 'are justly, chargeable up on the corrupt explication of those words of our Saviour, 'My kingdom is not of this world' i.e., upon Hoadly's celebrated sermon. The latitudinarian clergy divide the blame between the Freethinkers and the Nonjurers. The Freethinkers point to the hypocrisy of the clergy, who, they say, lost all credit with tho people by having preached 'passive obedience' up to 1688, and then suddenly finding out that it was not a scriptural truth. The Nonconformists lay it to the enforcement of conformity and unscriptural terms of communion; while the Catholics re- joice to see in it the Protestant Reformation at last bearing its natural fruit. Warburton characteristically attributes it to the bestowal of 'preferment' by the Walpole administration. (Dedication to Lord Mansfield, Works, ii. 208.) The power of preferment was not under-estimated then. George II. maintained to tho last that the growth of Methodism was entirely owing to ministers not having listened to his advice, and ' made Whitefield a bishop. ' Lastly, that every- one may have his say, a professor of moral philosophy in our day is found attributing the same facts to the prevalence of 'that low view of morality which rests its rules upon conse- quences merely.' ' The reverence which,' , says Dr. Whewell, 'handed down by tho tradition of ages of moral and religious teaching, had hitherto protected the accustomed forms of moral good, was gradually removed. Vice, and crime, and sin, ceased to be words that terrified the popular speculator. Virtue, and goodness; and purity were no longer things which he looked up to with mute respect. He ventured to lay a sacri- legious hand even upon these hallowed shapes. He saw that when this had been dared by audacious theorists, those objects, so long venerated, seemed to have no power of punish ing the bold intruder. There was a scene like that which occurred when the barbarians broke into the Eternal City. At first, in spite of themselves, they were awed by the divine aspect of the ancient magistrates; but when once their leader had smitten one of these ven- erable figures with impunity, the coarse and violent mob rushed onwards, and exultingly mingled all in one common destruction' (Moral Philosophy in England, p. 79.) The actual sequence of cause and effect seems, if it be not presumptuous to say so, to be nearly as possible in- verted in this eloquent statement. The licentiousness of talk and manners was not pro- duced by the moral doctrines promulgated ; but the doctrine of moral consequences was had re- course to by the divines and moralists as the most likely remedy of the prevailing licen- tiousness. It was an attempt, well-meant but not successful, to arrest the wan- ton proceedings of the coarse and vio lent mob.' Good men saw with alarm almost with despair, that what they said in the obsolete language of religious teach- ing was not listened to, and tried to address the age in plain and unmistakable terms. The new theory of consequences was not introduced by 'men of leisure ' to supplant and overthrow a nobler and purer view of religion and mo- rality, it was a plain fact of religion stated in plain language, in the hope of deterring the wicked from his wickedness. It was the address of the Old Testament prophet, ' Why will ye die, O house of Israel?' That there is a God and moral Governor, and that obedience to His com- mands is necessary to secure our interests in this world and the next—if any form of ra- tional belief can control the actions of a rational being, it is surely this. On the rationalist hypothesis, the morality of conse- quences ought to produce the most salutary effects on the general behaviour of mankind. This obligation of obedience, the appeal to our desire of our own welfare, was the substance of the practical teaching of the age. It was stated with great cogency of reasoning, and enforced with every variety of illustration. Put its proof at the lowest, let it be granted that they did not succeed in removing all the objections of the Deistical writers, it must, at least, be allowed that they showed, to the satisfaction of all prudent and thinking men, that it was safer to believe Christianity true than not. The obligation to practice in point of prudence was as perfect as though the proof had been demonstrative. And what was the surprising result? That the more they demonstrated the less people be- lieved. As the proof of morality was elaborated and strengthened, the more it was disregarded, the more ungodliness and profaneness flourished and grew. This is certainly not what we should antecedently expect. If, as Dr. Whewell assumes, and the whole doctrinaire school with him, the speculative belief of an age determines its moral character, that should be the purest epoch where the morality of consequences is placed in the strongest light—when it is most convincingly set before men that their present and future welfare depends on how they act; that ' all we enjoy, and great part of what we suffer, is placed in our own hands.' Experience, however, the testimony of his- tory, displays to us a result the very reverse. The experiment of the 18th century may surely be considered as a decisive one on this point. The failure of a prudential system of ethics as a restraining force upon society was perceived, or felt in the way of reaction, by the Evangelical and Methodist generation of teachers who succeeded the Hanoverian divines. So far their perception was just. They went on to infer that, because the circulation of one system of belief had been inefficacious, they should try the effect of inculcating a set of truths as widely remote from the former as possible. Because legal preaching, as they phrased it, had failed, they would essay Gospel preaching. The preaching of justification by works had not the power to check wickedness, therefore justi- fication by faith, the doctrine of the Reform- ation, was the only saving truth. This is not meant as a complete account of the origin of the Evangelical school. It is only one point of view—that point which connects the school with the general line of thought this paper has been pursuing. Their doctrine of conversion by supernatural influence must on no account be forgotten. Yet it appears that they thought that the channel of this supernatural influence was, in some way or other, preaching:—preaching, too, not as rhetoric, but as the annunciation of a specific doctrine—the Gospel. They certainly insisted on the heart being touched, and that the Spirit only had the power savingly to affect the heart ; but they acted as though this were done by an appeal to the reason, and scornfully rejected the idea of religious education. It should also be remarked that even the divines of the Hanoverian school were not wholly blind to some flaw in their theory, and to the practical inefficacy of their doctrine. Not that they un- derrated the force of their demonstrations. As has been already said, the greater part of them over- estimated their convincingness ; but they could not but see that they did not, in fact, con vince. When this was forced upon their observation, when they perceived that an a priori demonstration of religion might be placed before a man, and, that he did not see its force, then, inconsequent with their own theory, they had recourse to the notion of moral culpability. If a person re- fused to admit the evidence for revelation, it was because he did not examine it with a dis- passionate mind. His understanding was biassed by his wishes ; some illicit passion he was resolved on gratifying, but which prudence, forsooth, would not have allowed him to gratify so long as he continued to believe in a future judgment. The wish that there we no God suggested the thought that there is not. Speculative unbelief is thus asserted to be a consequence of a bad heart : it is the ground upon which we endeavour to prove to ourselves and others that the indulgence of our passions is consistent with a rational prudence. As levelled against an individual opponent, this is a poor controversial shift. Many of the Deists were men of worth and probity ; of none of tbem is anything known which would make them worse men than the average of their class in life. Mr. Chichester (Deism compared with Christianity,1821, Vol: iii: p. 220) says ' Tindal was infamous for vice in general;' but I have not been able to trace his authority for the assertion. As an imputation, not against indi vidual unbelievers, but against the competency of reason in general, it may be true, but is quite inconsistent with the general hypothesis of the school of reasoners who brought it. If reason be liable to an influence which warps it, then there is required some force which shall keep this in- fluence under, and reason alone is no longer the all-sufficient judge of truth. In this way we should be forced back to the old orthodox doctrine of the chronic impotence of reason, superinduced upon it by the Fall ; a doctrine which the reigning orthodoxy had tacitly re- nounced. In the Catholic theory the feebleness of Reason is met half-way and made good by tho authority of the Church. When the Protestants threw off this authority, they did not assign to Reason what they took from the church, but to Scripture. Calvin did not shrink from saying that Scripture 'shone sufficiently by its own light.' As long as this could be kept to, the Protestant theory of belief was whole and sound. At least it was as sound as the Catholic. In both, Reason aided by spiritual illumination, performs the subordinate function of recognising the supreme authority of the Church, and of the Bible, respectively. Time, learned contro- versy, and abatement of zeal drove the Pro- testants generally from the hardy but irrational assertion of Calvin. Every foot of ground that Scripture lost was gained by one or other of the three substitutes : Church authority, the Spirit, or Reason. Church-authority was essayed by the Laudian divines, but was soon found untenable, for on that footing it was found impossible to justify the Reformation and the breach with Rome. The Spirit then came into favour along with Independency. But it was still more quickly discovered that on such a basis only discord and disunion could be reared. There remained to be tried Common Reason, carefully distinguished from recondite learning, and not based on metaphysical assumptions. To apply this instrument to the contents of Revelation was the occupation of the early half of the eighteenth century; with what success has been seen. In the latter part of the century the same Common Reason was applied to the external evidences. But here the method fails in a first requisite—universality ; for even the shal- lowest array of historical proof requires some book-learning to apprehend. Further than this, the Lardner and Paley school could not com- plete their proof satisfactorily, inasmuch as the materials for the investigation of the first and second centuries of the Christian era were not at hand. Such appears to be the past history of the Theory of Belief in the Church of England. Whoever would take the religious literature of the present day as a whole, and endeavour to make out clearly on what basis Revelation is sup- posed by it to rest, whether on Authority, on the Inward Light, on Reason, on self-evidencing Scripture, or on the combination of the four, or some of them, and in what proportions, would probably find that he had undertaken a per- plexing but not altogether profitless inquiry. No. 7. On the Interpretation of Scripture. By BENJAMIN JOWETT, M A., Regius Professor of Greek in the University of Oxford. IT is a strange, though familiar fact, that, great differences of opinion exist respecting the Interpretation of Scripture. All Christians re- ceive the Old and New Testament as sacred writings, but they are not agreed about the meaning. which they attribute to them. The book itself remains as at the first; tho commentators seem rather to reflect the changing atmosphere of the world or of the Church. Different individuals or bodies of Christians have a different point of view, to which their interpretation is narrowed or made to conform. lt is assumed, as natural and necessary, that the same words will present one idea to the mind of the Protestant, another to the Roman Catholic ; one meaning to tho German, another to the English interpreter. The Ultramontane or Anglican divine is not supposed to be impartial in his treatment of pas- sages which afford an apparent foundation for the doctrine of purgatory or the primacy of st. Peter on the one hand, or the three orders of clergy and the divine origin of episcopacy on the other. It is a received view with many, that the meaning of tho Bible is to be defined by that of the Prayer-book ; while there are others who interpret ' the Bible and the Bible only' with a silent reference to the traditions of the Reformation. Philosophical differences are in tho background, into which the differences about Scripture also resolve themselves. They seem to run up at last into a difference of opinion respecting Revelation itself—whether given beside the human faculties or through them, whether an interruption of the laws of nature or their per- fection and fulfilment. This effort to pull tho authority of Scripture in different directions is not peculiar to our own day; the same phenomenon appears in the past history of the Church. At the Reformation in the Nicene or Pelagian times, the New Testament was the ground over which men fought ; it might also be com- pared to the armoury which furnished them with weapons. Opposite aspects of the truth which it contains were appropriated by different sides. 'Justified by faith without works' and 'justified by faith as well as works' are equally Scriptural expressions ; the one has become tho formula of Protestants, the other of Roman Catholics. The fifth and ninth chapters of the Romans, single verses such as 1 Corinthians iii. 15, John iii. 3, still bear traces of many a life-long strife in the pages of commentators. The difference of in- terpretation which prevails among ourselves is partly traditional, that, is to say, inherited from the controversies of former ages. The use made of Scripture by Fathers of the Church, as well as by Luther and Calvin, affects our idea of its meaning at the present hour. Another cause of the multitude of inter- pretations is the growth, or progress of the human mind itself. Modes of interpreting vary as time goes on; they partake of the general state of literature or knowledge. It has not been easily or at once that mankind have learned to realise the character of sacred writings—they seem almost necessarily to veil themselves from human eyes as circumstances change ; it is the old age of the world only that has at length understood its childhood. (Or rather, perhaps, is beginning to understand it, and learning to make allowance for its own de ficiency of knowledge ; for the infancy of the human race, as of the individual, affords but few indications of the workings of the mind within.) More often than we suppose, the great sayings and doings upon the earth " thoughts that breathe and words that burn are lost in a sort of chaos to the appre- hension of those that come after. Much of past history is dimly seen and receives only a conventional interpretation, even when the memorials of it remain. There is a time at which the freshness of early literature is lost; mankind have tamed rhetoricians and no longer write or feel in the spirit which created it. In this unimaginative period in which sacred or ancient writings are partially unintelligible, many methods have been taken at different times to adapt the ideas of the past to the wants of the present. One age has wandered into the flowery paths of allegory, In pious meditation fancy fed. Another has straitened the liberty of the Gospel by a rigid application of logic, the former being a method which was at first more naturally ap plied to the Old Testament, the latter to the New. Both methods of interpretation, the mys- tical and logical, as they may be termed, have been practised on the Vedas and the Koran, as well as on the Jewish and Christian Scrip- tures, the true glory and note of divinity in these latter being not that they have hidden mysterious or double meanings, but a simple and universal one, which is beyond them and will survive them. Since the revival of literature, interpreters have not unfrequently fallen into error of another kind from a pedantic and misplaced use of classical learning ; the minute examination of words often withdrawing the mind from more impor- tant matters. A tendency may be observed within tho last century to clothe systems of phi sophy in the phraseology of Scripture. But 'new wine cannot thus be put into old bottles.' Though roughly distinguishable by different ages, these modes or tendencies also exist together ; the remains of all of them may be remarked in some of the popular commentaries of our own day. More common than any of these methods, and not peculiar to any age, is that which may- be called by way of distinction tho rhetorical one. The tendency to exaggerate or amplify the meaning of simple words for the sake of edification may indeed have a practical use in sermons, the object of which is to awaken not so much the intellect as the heart and con- science. Spiritual food, like natural, may re- quire to be of a certain bulk to nourish the human mind. But this ' tendency to edifica- tion' has had an unfortunate influence on the interpretation of Scripture. For tho preacher almost necessarily oversteps the limits of actual knowledge, his feelings overflow with the sub- ject ; even he have the power, he has seldom the time for accurate thought or inquiry. And in the course of years spent, in writing, perhaps, without study, he is apt to per- suade himself, if not others, of tho truth of his own repetitions. Tho trivial consideration of making a discourse of sufficient length is often a reason why he overlays the words of Christ and his Apostles with commonplaces. The meaning of tho text is not always the object which he has in view, but some moral or religious lesson which he has found it necessary to append to it ; some cause which he is pies ding,' some error of the' day which ho has to combat. And while in some passages ho hardly dares" to trust himself with tho full force of Scripture (Mathew v. 84 ; ix. 13 ; xix. 21 ; Acts v. 29), in others he extracts more from words than they really imply (Matthew- xxii. 21 ; xxviii. 20 ; Romans xiii. 1; &c;), being more eager to guard against tho abuse of some precept than to enforce it, attenuating or adapting the utterance of prophecy to the re- quirements or to the measure of modern times. Any one who has ever written sermons is aware how hard it is to apply Scripture to tho wants of his hearers and at the same time to preserve its meaning. The phenomenon which has been described in the preceding pages is so familiar, and yet so extraordinary, that it requires an effort of thought to appreciate its true nature. We do not at once see the absurdity of the same words " having many senses, or free our minds from the illusion that the Apostle or Evangelist must have written with a reference to the creeds or con- troversies or circumstances of other times. Let it be considered, then, that this extreme variety of interpretation is found to exist in tho case of no other book, but of the Scriptures only. Other writings are preserved to us in the dead languages—Greek, Latin, Oriental, some of them in fragments, all of them originally in manuscript. It is true that difficulties arise in the explanation of these writings, especially in the most ancient, from our imperfect acquaintance with tho meaning of words, or the defectiveness of copies, or tho want of some historical or geographical infor- mation which is required to present an event or character in its true bearing. In comparison with the wealth and light of modern literature, our knowledge of Greek classical authors, fur example, may be called imperfect and shadowy. Some of them have another sort of difficulty arising from subtlety or abruptness in the use of language ; in lyric poetry especially, and some of the earlier prose, the greatness of tho thought struggles with the stammering lips. It may be observed that all these difficulties occur also in Scripture ; they are found equally in sacred and profane literature. But the meaning of classical authors is known with comparative certainty ; and the interpretation of them seems to rest on a scientific basis. It is not, therefore, to philo- logical or historical difficulties that tho greater part of the uncertainty in the interpretation of Scripture is to be attributed. No ignorance of Hebrew or Greek is sufficient to account for it. Even the Vedas and the Zen davests, though beset by obscurities of lan- guage probably greater than are found in any portion of the Bible, are interpreted, at least by European scholars, according to fixed rules, and beginning to be clearly understood. To bring the parallel home, let us imagine the remains of some well-known Greek author, as Plato or Sophocles, receiv- ing the same treatment at ' the hands of the world which the Scriptures have experienced. The text of such an author, when first printed by Aldus or Stephens, would be gathered from the imperfect or miswritten copies which fell in the way of the editors ; after a while older and better manuscripts come to light, and the power of using and estimating the value of manuscripts is greatly improved. We may suppose, further, that the readings of those older copies do not always conform to some received canons of criticism.. Up to the year 1550, or 1624, alterations, often pro- ceeding on no principle, have been introduced into the text ; but now a stand is made—an edition which appeared at the latter of the two dates just mentioned is invested with authority ; this authorised text is a pièce de résistance against innovation. Many reasons are given why it is better to have bad readings to which the world is accustomed than good ones which are novel and strange—why tho later manu- scripts of Plato or Sophocles are often to be preferred to earlier ones— why it is useless to remove imperfections where perfect accuracy is not to be attained. A fear of disturbing the critical canons which have come down from former ages is, however, sus- pected to be one reason for the opposition. And custom and prejudice, and the nicety of the subject, and all the arguments which are intel- ligible to the many against the truth, which is intelligible only to the few, are thrown into the scale to preserve the works of Plato or Sophocles as nearly as possible in the received text. Leaving the text we proceed to interpret and translate. The meaning of Greek words is known with tolerable certainty ; and the gram- mar of the Greek language has been minutely analysed both in ancient and modern times. Yet the interpretation of Sophocles is tentative and uncertain ; it seems to vary from age to age : to some the great tragedian has appeared to embody in his choruses certain theologi- cal or moral ideas of his own age or country ; there are others who find there an allegory of the Christian religion or of the history of modern Europe. Several schools of critics have commented on his works; to the Englishman he has presented one meaning, to the Frenchman another, to the German a third ; the interpretations have also differed with the philosophical systems which tho interpre- ters espoused. To one the same words have appeared to bear a moral, to another a symbo- lical meaning ; a third is determined wholly by the authority of old commen- tators ; while there is a disposition to condemn the scholar who seeks to interpret Sophocles from himself only, and with refer- ence to the ideas and beliefs of the age in which he lived. And the error of such an one is at- tributed not only to some intellectual but even to a moral obliquity which prevents his seeing the true meaning. It would be tedious to follow into details the absurdity which bas been supposed. By such methods it would be truly said that Sophocles or Plato may be made to mean any- thing. It would seem as if some Novum Organum were needed to lay down rules of in- terpretation for ancient literature. Still one other supposition has to be introduced which will appear, perhaps, more extravagant than any which have preceded. Conceive then that these modes of interpreting Sophocles had existed for ages ; that great institutions and interests had become interwoven with them, and in some degree even the ho- nour of nations and churches—is it too much to say that in such a case they would be changed with difficulty, and that they would continue to be maintained, long after critics and philosophers, had seen that they were inde- fensible ? No one who has a Christian feeling would place classical on a level with sacred literature ; and there are other particulars in which the preceding comparison fails, as, for example, the style and subject. But, however different the subject, although tho interpretation of Scriptnre requires 'a vision.and faculty divine,' or at least a moral and religious interest which is not needed in the study of a Greek poet or philosopher, yet in what may be termed the ex- ternals of interpretation, that is to say, the meaning of words, the connection of sentences, the settlement of the text, the evidence of facts, tho same rules apply to the Old and New Tes- taments as to other books. And tho figure is no exaggeration of the erring fancy of men in the use of Scripture, or of tho tenacity with which they cling to tho interpretations of other times, or of the arguments by which they maintain thom. All the resources of knowledge may be turned into a means not of discovering the true rendering, but of up- holding a received one. Grammar appears to start from an independent point of view, yet inquiries into the use of the article or the pre- position have been observed to wind round into a defence of some doctrine. Rhetoric often magnifies its own want of taste into the design of inspiration. Logic (that other mode of rhetoric) is apt to lend itself to the illusion, by stating erroneous explanations with a clearness which is mistaken for truth. ' Metaphysical aid' carries away the common understanding into a region where it must blindly follow. Learning obscures as well as illustrates ; it heaps up chaff where there is no more wheat. These are some of tho ways in which the sense of Scripture has be- come confused, by tho help of tradition, in the course of ages, under a load of commentators. The book itself remains as at the first unchanged amid tho changing interpretations of it. The office of tho interpreter is not to add another, but to recover the original one ; the meaning, that is, of the wards as they struck on the ears or flushed before the eyes of those who first heard and read them. He has to transfer himself to another age ; to imagine that he is a disciple of Christ or Paul ; to disengage himself from all that follows. Tho history of Christendom is nothing to him ; but only the scene at Galilee or .Jerusalem, the handful of believers who gathered themselves together at Ephesus, or Corinth, or Rome. His eye is fixed on the form of one like the Son of Man, or of the Prophet who was girded with a garment of camel's hair, or of tho Apostle who had a thorn in the flesh. Tho greatness of tho Roman Empire is nothing to him ; it is an inner not an outer world that he is striving to restore All the after-thoughts of theology are nothing to him; they are not the true lights which light him in difficult places. His concern is with a book in which, as in other ancient writings, are somo things of which wo are ignorant ; which defect: of our knowledge cannot, however, be supplied by the conjectures of fathers or divines. Tho simple words of that book he tries to pre- serve absolutely pure from the refinements or dis- tinctions of later times. He acknowledges that they are fragmentary, and would suspect himself, if out of fragments he were able to create a well- rounded system or a continu- ous history, The greater part of his learning is a knowledge of the text itself; he has no delight in the voluminous lite- rature which has overgrown it. He has no theory of interpretation ; a few rules guarding against common errors aro enough for him. His object is to read Scripture like any other book, with a real interest and not merely a conventional one. He wants to be able to open his eyes and see or imagine things as they truly are. Nothing would be more likely to restore a natural feeling on this subject than a history of the interpretation of Scripture. It would take us back to tho beginning ; it would present in one view the causes which have darkened the meaning of words in tho course of ages ; it would clear away the remains, of dog- mas, systems, controversies, which are encrusted upon them. It would show us the erring fancy of interpreters assuming sometimes to have the Spirit of God Himself, yet unable to pass beyond the limits of their own age, and with a judgment often biassed by party. Great names there have been among them, names of men who may be reckoned also among the benefactors of the human race, yet comparatively few who have understood the thoughts of other times, or who have bent their minds to ' interrogate' tho meaning of words. Such a work would enable us to separate the elements of doctrine, and tradition with which the meaning of Scripture is encumbered in our own day. It would mark the different epochs of interpretation from the time when the living word was in process of becoming a book ; to Origen and Tertullian, from Origen to Jerome and Augustine, from Jerome and Augustine to Abelard and Aquinas ; again making a new beginning with the re- vival of literature, from Erasmus, the father of Biblical criticism in more recent times, with Calvin and Beza for his immediate successors, through Grotius and Hammond, down to De Wette and Meier, our own contemporaries. We should see how the mystical in- terpretation of Scripture originated in the Alexandrian age ; how it blended with the logical and rhetorical; how both received weight and currency from their use in support of the claims and teaching of the Church. We should notice how the ' new learning' of the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries gradually awakened the critical faculty in the study of the sacred writings; how Biblical criticism has slowly but surely followed 'in the track of philological and historical (not without a remoter influence exercised upon it also by natural science) ; how, too, the form of the scholastic literature, and even of notes on the classics, insensibly communi- cated itself to commentaries on Scripture. We should see how the word inspiration, from being used in a general way to express what may be called the prophetic spirit of Scripture, has pissed, within the last two centuries, into a sort of technical term ; how, in other instances, the practice or feeling of earlier ages has been hollowed out into the theory or system of later ones. We should observe how the popular explanations of prophecy as in heathen (Thucyd. ii. 54,) so also in Christian times, had adapted themselves to the circumstances of mankind. We might remark that in our own country, and in the present generation especially, the interpretation of Scripture had assumed an apologetic character, as though making an effort to de- fend itself against some, supposed inroad of science and criticism; while among German commentators there is, for the first time in the history of the world, an approach to agreement and certainty. For example, the diversity among German writers on prophecy is far less than among English ones. That is a new phe- nomenon, which has to be acknowledged. More than any other subject of human know- ledge, Biblical criticism has hung to the past; it has been hitherto found truer to the tradi- tions of the Church than to tho words of Christ. It has made, however, two great steps onward— at the time of the Re- formation and in our day. Tho diffusion of a critical spirit in history and literature is affecting the criticism of tho Bible in our own day in a manner not unlike the burst of intellectual life in tho fifteenth or sixteenth cen- turies. Educated persons are beginning to ask, not what Scripture may be made to mean, but what it does. And it is no exaggeration to say that he who in tho present state of knowledge will confine himself to the plain meaning of words and the study of their context may know more of the original spirit and intention of tho authors of the New Testa- ment than all the controversial writers of former ages put together. (To le continued.) 