SKETCHES FROM AN AUTO BIOGRAPHY, COLONIAL AND \- OTHERWISE.— FACTS. I always keep tho 1st of December as a kind oi anniversnry of thankful ocknowledgment to our benevolent Creator, for delivering mo from a painful nnd dreadful death on the above dnv fourteen yenrs ago. At that time I belonged to Her Majesty's navy, and, although my nominal rank wns that of a "Magister," I seldom did tho duty, for many of my pupils were older tlinn myself. There was no'getting' them to attend to.thcir studies 'in nny great degree, notwithstanding I was a great favourite with them ; still wo got on together vory woll. I had oliargo of tlio ship's library, and what with tho books and a little gossip, tho two. hours of tuition were nlways looked forward to with pleasure, and , were spent pleasantly enough ; moreover, being secretary to tlio whole ship's company, I always had plenty of letters to write for my ship mates. Boor follows 1 thoy would do any til ing in tho world for mo ! My time, when not 011 shore, was pretty equally divided between two ships, the Gorgon steam frigate, nnd tho Satellite, corvette ; for, though but n lad, I was an adept in a particu lar branch of the servico ; and it was of sucli 'a nature, that I would sometimes bo with Copt. Hotham, of the Gorgon, three or four months,, and anon, back to! the. Satellite for a while. All! what pleasant hnppv days wore they, with all thoir hardships ! But tlio mornin" of our life gives an additional freshness, and gilds with o brighter gloss, every incident occurring in our youth. Woll, it was one lovely bright summer's day (I was then in the Satellite), the 1st of Decem ber, 1846, wo lay off Mnldonndo, a city below Monte Video, on tlio river l'lato. We hnd beon nt war then on behalf of tlio Monto Yideans some three years, with Rosas, the Bresident of Buenos Ayres ; and all tho country between Mnldonndo and Monte Video wa's overrun with the enemy's troops. Wo had taken Maldonado (for the twentieth time) a fortnight previous, cutlass in hand. Now, tho captain sent mo ashore with n boat's crew, to see if I could pick up anything in the way of fresh , provisions, for lie had his pretty little wife on board. SI10 was sister to the Bresident of Monte ATdco, und wasn't she n perfect littlo gem of a woman ? Tlicy had been married but a few months, nnd of course nothing would , please her. hut accompanying her husband wherever he went. So with many injunctions from tlio quarter-deck to bo cautious aiid careful and from tlio men (Jack himself) tomind my oyo and koop a bright look out for squalls, etc., off wo woiit in tho second cutter. I had ei'«ht stout hands, well armed, in case of a surpriso, J besides the coxswnin — said coxswain amongst all, being my clium in particular ; lie was a singular young fellow, not above fivo -feet four in height-, but immensely poworful ; in fsct, ns the saying is, he wns " nearly as broad ns I10 wns long," mid could lift a weight of fivo hun dred pounds witli case. Ilis head, though somewhat misshapen, carried n face of tho grcntest beauty, sucli a eoimtcnanco ns you meet with but two or three times in the courso of a life. Such a noble, intellectual forehead ! in tlio Humboldt style—surrounded by curly hair, black and glossy. Still, as I snid before, his head wns too largo, but then to inako amends, lie enrriod a heart larger still iu his bosom. Seeing him ntliis ordinary avocations, nnd hearing liiin speak in an evory-dny way to his shipmates, many would liavo put him down as a poor ignorant fellow, who sesreely knew his alphabet, and yet that young man was nn excellent Greek scholar and n good mathema tician to boot! (so tho doctor said, and lio wns nn M.A. ol Oxford.) Oftentimes would lio re cite for an hour together, and explain and point out to mo tlio beauties of Slinkspcro. Our rendezvous was tlio main-top, of whieli lio wns captain. Ho wnB 1111 Irishman— a native of Kinsnle — and had, I believe, been intended for the priesthood, but, through want of pa- tronngo or funds, line! beon compelled to nbnndon his studies and take to tho sea. Twico he saved my lite — so I had niiiplo reason to bo fond of him — and we never had a cross word tlio three years wo were together — r.ot even when talking on religious matters (for wo were not, what the world terms, of tlio same faith). AVo woro too standi friends over to fall out. Ah 1 poor dear Patrick Crohore, what a true friend I lost in you 1 It seems but yestcrdny that I wrote your last letter, nnd you died just afterwards in my' arms, smiling like a sunbeam 011 a cold winter's day, and I buried you amid tlio pesti lential swamps of Belize — I did. But I nm away from my subject. AVo left tlio boat's erew on the beach, and Patrick and I walked up to the town. It was a sad looking place, surrounded by forts half in ruins ; for it wns, as I liavo before stated, continually taken by ono side or tlic other. As wo walked up the desolate looking streets we could now and then discern a scowling looking faco peering out ut us from tlio shattered lattice of somo ruined tenement — now a ghost of a cat, or a living skeleton of a dog, would rush madly past us. Ah ! pcoplo iu this fair and (what should bo) linppy land havo much to bo thankful for. They littlo know what a horrible thing — what a destroyer of hearths nnd homes, and social ties — tho fiond war is. When tlic townspeople saw wo wore but two in number, tbey came out by degrees to ask news of the war and of Monto ATideo, wo in the meantime making tlio best uso of our lime, nnd procured, by dint of great persuasion nnd sundry hard dollars, eggs, sausages, vegetables, etc., which quite -filled a very respectable sized bag, that Crohore brought forth. Not a child wns to bo seen, nor a female worth calling a woman cither 1 On returning, wo were told to bo careful, as . the enemy were lurking-in numbers round tlio suburbs of tlio city ; so wo took another route clear of tiio houses, making our way to somo sandy hummocks wo wished to sec prior to returning, for wo had been reading Darwin's account of this very spot in his " Naturalist" tlio day before, wherein lio minutely describes tlio effect of tho lightning striking on tlio sand, and which, from somo iincxplainnblo cause, nficcts a preference for this group of hum mocks in particular. AA'e found Darwin per fectly truthful and neenrato in his description, viz.— that tlio elcetrie fluid striking the sand, Bay in about the area of nn acre, penetrates it from a fow inches to a great number of feet — forming hollow tubes of vitrified mattor ; of courso perfectly glazed within. The wind blowing uwny tlio snnd nt different times from around, leaves hundreds ol' singular looking tubes, curved, crooked und straight, presenting a most extraordinary scone. (I discovered on tho sand hummocks between Port Fairy and AVarrnnmbool, somo seven years ago, somo- tiling of tlio same description, but in a vory minimum degree.) Tliero wo found tliem, sure enough, from tiio size of a mail's leg to thnt of his littlo finger. As for my companion, I10 was as pleased and surprised as myself. AVell, there wo were, bending over and culling choice specimem8 to take on board with us. " There must bo a reason for ." AVlier, boforo I eould finish, I lound. myself seized by a something, that almost cut me in two, and I felt that I- was rapidly being dragged ovor tlio hummocks. A passing gliince was sufficient to let mo perceive Patrick running for his life with inconceivable speed towards tlio boat, nnd that I — oh, God 1 oh, God ! — wns lassoed, and tho lasso fust to a liorso nt full gallop over the sand, A sickening, crawling kind of sensation cnino over mo, nnd a wholo crowd of thoughts of my past life rushed, with a roaring din, through my brain, all in ii moment ns it were. Then I became unconscious. How long I wns thus I cannot say ; but I wns brought to by a burning feeling of suffocation, caused by having some aquadicnto (native brandy) poured down my nostrils and throat, wliilo blows from tlio flat side of a snbro were stoutly administered to accelerate my recovery. Half stupefied, I managed to sit up, with my back against a wall, whither tlicy hnd drnggod mo ; and, verily, my heart sank very, vory low, for well I knew thnt n drrudful doom of the most horrible description, awaited me in some form or other. I11 front were my eapturors — four in number — rough, wild horsemen of the enomy's cavalry ; men who had never pos sessed a grain of compassion in their lives — natured amidst scenes of carnage and blood shed from their infancy. Tlicy took tlio greatest delight in prolonging tho tortures of their victims ns much ns possible. I wns in a miserable condition ; the wliolo of my back- liair wns torn oil' by tlio friction of tlio sand, the scalp was bleeding nt every pore, tlio lasso too lind slid over my liips, but bad rcmnincd taut nt my nncics, where it had cut through the flesh to the bono. Inwardly I prayed to tho Almighty that I might bo despatched as soon as possiblo. It was folly to think of any mercy being bIicwii, for, only a fortnight previous, tlio greater part of a boat's crew, and tho doctor's mate of H.M.S. Racer,- hnd beon enticed on shore at Elsinador (a town opposite to where our ship lay), and thoro cruelly massacred nnd dismem bered. It was a fiendish net of mercy my captors practised in giving mo Bpirits, merely to restore mo sufficient ly to undergo further agony. Meanwhile, thoy. were laughing und joking nt my nppenrnnco — 0110 dragged oil' my boots, which lio placed 011 his own ugly, splay foot, being minus himself; another took my shirt, nnd they played a game of montc for the rest of my things. It must then liavo been about an hour after my capture, and near twelve a.m. As I understood Spanish, I knew whnt tlicy wore saying. Said tlio chief speaker — "Lot us, compancros inin, hamstring liim first, nnd then out liim down, a la vuehe." (Cut liim down like a slaugh tered cow.) " No, no," said another ; and I10 whispered to his comrades. A smilo ran round tho brutes' faces, wliilo my heart throbbed ns though it would buret. Then I licurd 0110 say- — " A la cruz, cs el inns bueno" (crucify him will bo tho best). Just then a 321b shot pitched nmoiig us. How thankful I folt, lor by' that I know Crohore had mndo good his escape and had got sale to tlio ship. Another and another followed. AVith horrid imprecations, tlio villains came towards mo, oiio struck 1110 in tlio nnelo with his lnrico ; in it went right through the joint — the huge scar, which I shall carry to the grave, is a silent witness to that t Overpowered by pam and misery, I again became unconscious. I thought for somo time I was float ing on a vast ocean, bright and dazzlingas newly polished silver ; many fairy-like islands lay scattered about, covered with strange hut beautiful trees mid fioivors ; and while I thus lay, I fancied I kept struggling to free my spiritual (which still kept- a tangible shape, though without substance), from its bodily companion, but without success ; an indescribable wild but beautiful melody seemed to fill the space far nnd neur— and thon camo a blank. " AVIicro am I," was the hrst thought that came to 1110 some time after wards. " Am I still in tho old world, or nnotlior?" Tho sun wns shining gloriously over my head, and tlio light bluo sky seemed to lcok down benignly upon 111c; Half dizzy arid stupefied, I at length comprehended my situation. I felt 110 pain ; all sciiso of pain was gono, save a burning thirst and a mnV5 every joint ramy body, as though I ,.B i apart. Still, the good old sun si, ono gfe' overhead, and I am sure I heard ii- 7 nrnund 1110 of comfort, although 'lcra was nigh. Meantime tho shin" in<! pitching a solitary shot evcrv pt and then, and tlio sullen bo0 no the distant gun sounded in inv curs in- f real knell. All 1 how well then I uiuw !"10' tlio meaning of tho words, " A la cru " piece of hide was fast to each anklo am\\- nnd, with my arms and logs wido annrt t ' tightly stretched out, and lnshod to four Ws drivon in tho ground. "Merciful GoilF"6? oricd, "how long is this to Inst?" I could call out ; my voico was quito powerless "5 my tonguo twico its ordiuary size— it rim 1 in my month liko a pieco of wood. Ami n off I dozed again. (Here I cannot but remS upon the goodness of our Divine Creator , I oftentimes inlliets a merciful kind of ina bility during a stale of torture, that orft'j tends to soften tlio agony and terrors of preaching dissolution.) Arousiim up how great was my joy at beholding WC ,,t' first seemed human forms around me 1 li ! think of my feelings when I disJoverw somo fivo or six of tho great vul tures of tho Batnpns (vultnr fidrust" —they aro well known to all seamen bv tlui nnmo of turkey buzzards, tlicy act u3 Scnvcn. gors in thoso climates. Tlioy can scent a dviue animal at an immonso distance, and their beaks nro so sharp and powerful, tlmt they ear rip open tho tough hide of nil ox with tho greatest case — there, they stood round nie lite so many harpies, with their cruel, glnriim eve? nnd their feutherlcss necks, liko those of "the turkey-cock;' It wns perfectly horrible. Thev never took their gaze off mo, and every minuto brought an accession to their numbers. I tried to' shout at them, but could not ; whilo they would occasionally wiict their beats against a stone, or a bullock's horn on th0 ground. Now and tben, one would approach 1110, with a disgusting degrco of familiarity, so close, thnt I could feel and smell his warm and nauseous' enrrion-scentod breath. Still, there was something in the human faco'divino that kept them oil' while there was breath in tho ' body. At last I fancied I heard shouting in tho distance. I cortuinly hoard a musket go off, and then all was 11 blank. As I learned afterwards, my faithful friend had come upon my track, with the first lioutcnant und half the ship's com pany, and so traced 1110 out, casting 1110 loose, Crolioro carried mo down to the beach in his nrms— crying over mo liko a child. Placed in tho poop cabin, I lay for a fortnight, niv lifo hanging on a thread, even tho dock was not holy-stoned fovmy eukA ;' and when at last, I came out of a dcen. lone trance, weak ami trembling, like n new-born 'babel— I say, liko ono newly born, — tho first thing I saw was a ring of grim old faces around me, watching my very breath. Talk about dying! It was worth hnlf-a-'dozcn deaths to see sucli iruo friendship shown ovor a mere lad ; and when the. ship went up to Monto A'itlco shortly afterwards, and tho captain sent mo ashore to recruit mv lieulth, many of tho citizens gavo mo a kindly welcome, and came to seo 1110 ; und my old Iriend tho Commundanto Garibaldi, und his kind nnd gontlo lady (his firat wife), made me spend a week at their house. I was quito tho rngo for a short time, for my being restored again was looked upon as a most mar vellous tiling. Ah ! how different times 010 now. MOUNT STURGEON. Dunkeld, 12th February, 1861. 