SUGAR FKOM BEET HOOT. At tho late meeting in favor of Protection to Native Industry recently held in Melbourne, one of the speakers took occasion to enumerate, coffee, ten, and sugar amongst articles which Victoria could not produce. As far as regards the last mentioned article, namely, sugar, we consider the assertion altogether erroneous. Belgium, France and Russia possess no advan tages of climate in which Victoria caDnot claim her share ; and yet each of these countries j numbers sugar amongst its. regular productions. | The tropical cane is not the only plant capable of yielding saccharine matter in paying quan tities ; for tho cultivation of beet, of which there are several varieties of disputed relative value, has under the fostering care of protection gra dually increased, until the manufacture of sugar from this plant has assumed on the continent of Europe a degree of national importance that will eventually find a parallel in most of the Australian Colonics. The sorghum saccliaratum, we have also little doubt, will be found profitable for the same purpose when grown in the wanner parts of the colony. It will te remembered that Dr. Guen'ST, in New South Wales, about two years ago, stated, through the medium of tlie press, tlie result of experiments on a small crop of sorghum, which gave at the rate of 15 cwt. of sugar per acre per annum. The result of an ana lysis in England last season under the inspection of Dr. Vcelcker, was the finding of 6 per cent, of saccharine matter, but it was remarked that the climate of Britain was too cold for it; and these two being the only experiments that have yet been made public, we should not feel jus tified iu recommending on so slender a founda tion its oxtonsivc culture for sugar malting, whatever our opinion of its merits may be. The quantity of beet root sugar produced in Europe in 1859 may be roughly stated at nearly 360,000 tons, distributed as under : — France produced 115,000 tons ; Belgium, 17,500 ; the Zollverein, 115,000; Russia, 40,000; Austria, 70,000; and these amounts, be it observed, were nearly lour times as large as were pro duced ten years before ; presumptive evidence this of the paying nature of the business. The extraction of the juice and its conversion into sugar are matters tnat concern ino manu facturer rather than the root grower ; but it is of the greatest importance to tho latter to know what size and kind of root will produce tlio largest per-centage of sugar, the kind of manure, if any, that will conduce to that end, and what manures should be avoided on ac count of their possessing qunlities that would prevent the formation of saccharine matter, or interfere witli its extraction. Unless these several conditions are understood and duly kept in view by the cultivator, it will be use less to attempt the growth of beet for sugnr making. Both in Germany anil France the time and atteution of many eminent men of science has been devoted to experiinentinii on roots of every kind and size in every stage ol growth, whence the fullest and most - reliable information has been gained. Professor VCELCKEU has been at the trouble of collecting a valuable body of statistics having reference to beet culture, some of the more saliont points of which we shall submit for the guidance of our readers. And first, with reference to size ; that small roots contain a proportionately larger percent age of sugar than large ones, is a fact that has been established by numerous experiments. We quote but one by Hermann, which is con clusive on that point. The kind was the white Silesian beet, in which he found as follows : — Per contage of sugar ... 13 ... 11 to 12 ... 8 to 10 ... Gto 7 Relative weight of roots Jib ... 4 ... 2 ... SIDs. It must not thence bo inferred that four ounce roots aie the best to grow, for the weight per acre of these would bo too small to yield a pro fitable return. The French growers find that roots about lb. weight yield the best return per acre, and consequently endeavor to confine the weight to that limit. Tho proportion of water varies in different kinds and according to the circumstance under which they have been grown, from 83 to 87 per cent., and that of sugar from 5 to 12 per cent. Similar differences are observed in the relative proportions of other constituents, the differences in which are so great that is impossible to say what the average composition of the rootis. Pelioot, whosubmitted sugar beet to a minute analysis, detected in it a variety of substances, many of which, however, are not pertinent to our subject, but we give below the particulars of a series of analyses published by the same chemist, in which the proportions of water, sugar, &e.;, are given : — a . | a £ . v . Et OQ ~ a o gS ° . Pcrloil of Colle oti»n. ^ g 3s ! I ! 1*1 ? ? £ £ £ a* . cu 2nd August, very amnl! rcot* ??? 90*5 5f0 4& Ut V1M- ™ M'O 4.2 W 1-0 „ rootswelgMiig460 grammes 9-4 00'( 5'0 2-8 1-6 7th Sept., roots weighing 700 to 800 grammos ... — 10-0 90 073 »l- 08 %raUg'ga^?erClBbin5 18-7 SO'3 5.9 4-4 2Gt^gPrta^.riS,'1'B.60tOl°C 16-1 84.9 10-0 M 1.8 9th Oct., root* weighing 15° ? prummes ... ... ? H'l «5\J ? 13th Nov., roots weiffliinff jrnirameh ... ... ?? 13*9 8iJ'l ? Mrd 8gS'merrl.' S . Ili'O 83.1 n-9 3-2 ,* „ Roots weighing 70igrammes 13-t- 87-0 8'G 2 7 1 . 7,h W°ig.UinS 30' U-* 84-6 8.9 0-0 1Uh Tamper'0 ™le!!lng °n.° 12C 87-4 8.2 2-8 H 3',h^arm'00t9WClgM''lkU°. 13-1 80-9 8 0 3'. M In flower, weighing 200 grammes... 10-5 85.6 9-8 3-3 3-1 Two years old, hearing seed ... 5 5 9V5 0 0 2\ l.l White Silesian hcet, nnlyseil by M. Bracoimot . ... .. ? 8 8J 2 10 0 8 1 - 1 Leaves of eagar btet ... ... 0'4 93 6 1-3 3-o We deduce from the foregoing tabular state ments that the root contains the largest per centage of sugar when it has received the full benefit of tho summer sun, and has thus become fully matured, and its juices inspissated by the action of solar heat. As to the length of time, after stating ; that the root retains the full amount of clirystallizable saccharine matter which it possessed when gathered, and whether it increases or diminishes, and in what ratio, wo have by no means such clear evidence. On that point, indeed, tlie experiments of chemists have proved somewhat contradictory ; anil from facts in our possession, we are not disposed to endorse Dr. Vielcker's assumption, with out further proof. He says—' Again, tjie time during which the root is kept influences, the yield of sugar. Thus it has been found that f the fresh root yielded in October 7 por cent, of sugar, in January it would only give 5 per cent., and in Febuary probably less than 4 per cent.' This, be it observed, is not the result of his own personal observation, which lie gives us in treating of mangQld wurtzcl or common field ..befc't, where he ob serves that ' Cows relish mangolds much more, and thrive much better upon them, after a few months' keeping, than when given in a fresh or raw state. Upon examination, the author (Professor Vcelcker), has found that, in kocp ing, the proportion of sugar in the root increases considerably, whilst pectin diminishes. As pectin acid* is readily changed by. weak acid into su-»ar, and as it is also transformed info sugar Suring the ripening process of apples, pears, and other fruit, there can be little doubt that the additional .quantity of sugar, in old mangolds, has been formed at the expense of the pectin, whiofc iB found in all the varieties of mangolds.' That cows thrive better on mangolds that have been kopt., is attributable, no doubt, in some degree, to the roots having lost some portion of the aqueous mutter which forms, when fresh, 80 per cent, of their weight, and though we are all awuro that apples nnd pt-ars becoaie sweeter by keeping, we do not know, nor can we say, that tho sweetness is d.ue to the presence of chrj-stallisable saccha rine matter, and in any other shape it would he of comparatively small, value. This, then, is a subject for experiment, and it is one which for the interests of the colony cannot too soon be investigated. We imported during tho past year nearly eight thousand tons of sugar, the Whole of which we might readily produce for ourselves, and it should be the especial care of a Government to provide and diffuse information on a subject of suck national importance as the production and manufacture of sugar. There arc several matters bearing on the culture and preservation of beet which wo have not. yet ad verted to ; the kind of soil, the manures to be be used, and thoso which, on account of their possessing qualities inimical to tho production of sugar, should be avoided; and another ques tion of great moment is the influence the gene ral heat and dryness of our climate may have in increasing the proportion of saccharino matter. On the first tlirec of these questions wo possess reliable data ; not so on tlie last, a decision on which can only be arrived at by a series of analyses on the spot, which, for tho in terest of the colony, should be undertaken dur ing the current season. If one series of ex periments were conducted in this neighborhood, and another on the Murray, reliable data would at once be furnished, and a new field opened for the employment of labor and capital, by which both manufacturer and agriculturist would be benefited. — Victorian Farmers' Journal. The Romance op a Coffin. — A singular and ludicrous circumstance occurred in our town a couple of days since, iu which our boatman of the Styx, or in other words the marshal of our fune rals, played, in stage phraseology, second business, a certain eccentric and well-known butcher who delights in supplying the population of Ballaarat with prime quarters of lamb at two shillings each, happening to meet Charon at a popular place of amusement, _ 'yclept the Charlie, sportively or dered a cofiin of the griir. official, and paid him five shillings as a deposit. We may men tion that the facetious butcher, -rrliom wo shall designate as Mr. Banter, was retnark ib!e for an alarming and constantly increasing rutundity of figure, the contemplation of which often gave serious uneasiness to his friends. Many of these latter happened in the course of their daily rounds to call upon Charon, and finding him engaged upon a dropsical cofiin, casually in quired who was to be its melancholy tenant,' and were one and all struck with grief and dismay on being told it was for poor unfortunate Banter. Sorrsw stricken, they spread the news of the unexpected demise of him who often ' kept the table in a roar,' and with whom but a couple of hours previously one or another of them had been taking in a full flow ot' animal spirits. In due time the coffin was finished, conveyed to its destination and paid for, and sinco then the corpulent ghost has appeared in propria persona to his horror-stricken friends, who, notwithstanding the shock their nervous system experienced at his unexpcctcd appearance, were rejoiced to find that the grim tyrant had not yet trumped'the best suit the butcher holds in his hand. — Ballaarat Times, Coaching a la Mode. — A few days ago the firm of Watson and Hewitt astonished the lieges of Bendigo by sending some fifty persons to tho Big Ilill in one of their new coaches, drawn by ; sixteen splendid bays, driven by one coachman. The management at Castlemaine resolved to take tlie shine out of Bendigo, for the day before yes terday they entrusted fll passengers to the care of Jackson, on which occasion lie took them safely to Elphinstono and back, driving twenty iu hand. The admirably trained horses and superior driv ing delighted all who saw the set out, and crowds testified by long contined hurras their satisfac tion with this extraordinary feat of modern coaching. The twenty horses driven to Elphin ston were greys, and the whole affair must have made the Bcndigonian management hide their diminished heads had they been here to see. Mrs. M'Cormack was so pleased with the visit that she furnished a capital lunch for the party, and re fused to make any charge f»r it. Numerous vehicles were met going and returning, but all obstacles were as easily avoided by the driver of the twenty greys as they would have been by many a driver of a single horse chaise. The coach was beautifully decorated with evergreens, and all the passengers expressed themselves highly delighted with the trip. Messrs. Watson and Ilewitt may truly congratulate themselves on the perfection to which they have brought coaching in this colony. Nor are the publio slow to appreciate the many skilful drivers to whoso . care they are entrusted, or the unvarying anxiety m'uiifested by Mr. Sweeney, the local manager, to accommodate the public. — Castlemaine Adver tiser, 1st Jan., 1801. Manslaughter at Barker's Creek. — The Coroner held an inquest on Monday, December 31st, at the Cumberland Inn, on the body of Thomas Jones, when the following evidence was given : — William English saw the deceased at Symes's store, Barker's Creek, on Saturday night. Prisoner and deceased had some words. Deceased said, 'I'll show you if I am a man,' and struck at prisoner, when both fell, deceased on top. De ceased's wife went up and said, ' My husband is stabbed.' They both got up, and prisoner shut ' I lie knife, and as ho did so said, 'I'll stab the b ? .' I don't think prisoner was so drunk a* not to know what he was about. Sarah Symos heard prisoner and deceased have some words. Told my son not to let them in, as I thought they were drunk. I saw them fighting. Saw the wife of deceased drag her husband off prisoner. Heard tlie prisoner say two or three times, 'Hold on, hold on.' Ann Jones, wife of deceased, saw her husband drinking, and asked him to come homo. Prisoner hit my husband. They closed and both fell. When my husband got up I - saw blood on his arm. Saw a knife in prisoner's hand, which ha shut and put in his pocket. I said to prisoner, - ?' Jim, you've done it.' Ho said lie would servo me in the same manner. I sent for a doctor. Dr. . Young came and dressed the wound, and had ' him taken to the hospital. My husband nnd prisoner were on good terms before. Dr. Young was called to see deceased on Satur day night. Found him with a wound in tho abllomen, from which the bowels were protrud ing. Stitched and bandaged the wound, and had deceased taken to the hospital. I have since scendeccased dead. Dr. Ilutchinsonsaiddeceascd was brought to the hospital by tho police! Found the wound bandaged. I administered some reme dies but deceased kept finking until yesterday (Sunday) when he died. I made a post mortem examination, and found the head healthy, and be lieve the causo of death was from the wound in the abdomen, but think it would have been better if tlie man had not been removed so far. Tlie jury returned a verdict to tlie effect that Thomas Jones, aged 21, came by his death in con sequenco of a wound in tho abdomen inflicted with a knife, by James Lawrenson, at Barker's Creek, on the night of tho 29tli December. — Castlemaina Aivertistr. ICiandka. — A correspondent of the Daylesforil Express gives his experience of ICiandra and Lambing Flat. ' At Kiandra itself there was nothing that would oven nearly remunerate a man for llis labor. The only good patch that has been found, wns being worked over for the third time, and a few parties were sinking on new' ground at New Chum Hill, but with indifferent results, and it is so excessively ? wet that many who had been working there wore laid up with rheumatism. Tho climate is also far worse than represented,, meteorolo gical permission to work two days in each woek being considered good luck even in summer. The rocks at Kiandra are what the miners call granito, but I do not know that the namo is correct. Tho place is so full of bog and springs, jt is impossible to find a piece of dry ground except on the sum mit of the hills, and the cold at such elevation would try the constitution of a Laplander. Tho township of Kiandra presented a very miserable appearance when I was there, numbers of only half finished buildings being abandoned. Wliilo at Kiandra I read in tho Gjttlburn p ipers good accounts of Lambing Fiat, a place about 60 mile* distant from Yass, and went there ; but I now foal well assured that it never will be a payable gold field ; the color can certainly be got any whero, but nothing more. Since I left Kiandra I have seen good reports of it in the local papers, but I believe them to bo unworthy of credit, and tho more so as on my way down from Albury, I met many from the Snowy who informed mo that it was ? nearly deserted, as many as eighty having left, in one day.' 