WIT, WISDOM, AND HUMOUR. A priest, proceeding to the ohanpel (ih Ireland) one Sunday morning through tho burial ground, observed several sprightly girls seated on a tombstone, and jocularly asked what they were doing. "Nothing at all, plaze yor riv'rince," was the reply of one of tihem. "Nothing I" said he ; " whatis nothing?" "Slot yer eyes, yer riv'rence," retorted one of the girls, and you'll see it." A Good Opening.-A young lawyer wroto to an old limb of the law, thus "Is there an opening in your part of the country which Ican get into?" Answer: "There is an opening itn my back yard about thirty feet deep, no curb around. If it will suit, colle on." An Irish Discussion.-A contractor, who was building a tunnel on a certain Ohio rail road, observctl one msorning that the face of a member of his gang had its surface all spotted with bruises and plaisters. " Alt I Jimmy," said hlie, " what have you beCn doiu' ?" "Not vary much, sur," answered Jimmy; "I was just down nat Billy MIulliean's last night, sr, anll' him an' me had a bit of a discoueshn wid sthicks." T[semperance Preachers.-One sore scan dal early impeded the lModeratlon Societies. Their professional advocates were, of course, exposed to all the peculiar tmcnptations incident to their wan dering modo of life, and were alternately goaded and puffed upO by their one rcslriction. The result was, that soms of them demonstrated their zeal sagainst ardent spirits by a liberal use of fermented liquor. One of them was interrupted in the msidst of his harangue bly a zealous teetolaler, who ox claimed,"Ilthin the meeting oughlt to be Informed that the gentlomsns who is now speaking has, to my certnin knowledge, had sixteen glasses of ale this very mto. ning." A Hard Coase.-A? mong the remark able things noticed by Evelyn, in his "Journal of shis Tour ill the Netherlands," is the case of a wo- man who hind been married five and twenty times, and was then prohibited from marrying again; "Yet it could not be proved that site had over madeo any of her husbands away, though lth sus 1iicio hahd brought her divers times to trouble." Help to Memory- Gillez de Retz, Marshal of Franco (said to be the veritable BIluo Board), was sentenced to be led in chains to the plnci of execution, and to burn alive at tile stake. rTh dlay ppointed was thie 23rd of October, 1440 \- a date," says tile historian, "about whichi - tliere can be no doubt, for nil tile people of Anjou and Maine, by common consent, whipped their children on that morning, so as to impress tile precise date on tlleir memory." This strango mnemonic process is still a favourito with the poasants of Anjou and Ilrittany. Indian Ghost Story.-Tl'icre is a tale in the Nigaristan of Kemnnli-Pascha-Zade, that one of tile Sultanss of Kllorassan saw, in a dream, Mahnmoud, a hundred years after his death, wan dering about Is pa hi his flesh rotteu, his bones aenrious, but his eyes fill, anxious, and restless. A dervise, who interpreted tihe dreasn, said, that thle eyes of Mahmlnod were thus troubled, because the kingdom, his b?eautilul spouse, was now in the embrace of another This 1as that great Math moud, the Griztevide, who was the first Moham medan conqueror that entered India, nod the first who dropt the title of llMalek, and assuimed that of Sultan is its stead. lie it was who, after Ilaving broken to pieces, wit Iris own ha ds, the gigantio idol of Sosssnuitls, Ipst to death 350,00 of its woar shippers, as a lurther pro'of f Iss Iholy Mohsmmoe dan indignatiotn. In thie last dsiys of Ihis life, when a imortal disease was consumintg him, and he him self knew that ino huilna means conuld arrest its course, he ordered nil his costliest apparel, and his vessels of sliver nod gold, and Iris tearls and precious stones, the iunesiimabl spoils of the East, to be displayed before hiit; the latter were so numerous, that they were arralged in separate \--cabinots, aceordlng to the colour and size. It was in the Royal residence which lie had built for him. self, in oGazern, and which he called the Palace of rolllty, that lie took iron this displty, werewith he lihad formecly grntitild lthe pridn of his eye, a mournful lessol; iand in the ithcl hearfitltacuvie tion that all is witcy, ice weptL like i thild. u}What toils," said lie, " what dantgers, what fatiguoos of body atld nintd, have I endt led for the sake of acquiritg tihese trelrsres; and what cares in preserving them; anud now I atu about to die tOnid leave themlc " Ii this nale palace leo wtas nlaterred; and there it was his uI)hI?py ghosBt, a century afterwards, was helieved to linger. A Good IW'ish.-Sir VWalter Scott once gave an IrishmantI a shilliing, when sixpleace world have been sufliclent. " Ilemember, l'Pat," said Sir Walter, "You owe me sixpence." " lay your honour live till I pay you !" weta the reply. 