To the Editor of the Chronicle. SIR,—The strictures of your correspondent " G " upon the follies of Mr. R. R. Mackenzie's devotees in this quarter have given great satisfaction, and we were surprised that they were not followed up by a regular homily from your pen, and a threat that, unless such orgies were discontinued in our "would be fast town," you would pour upon them the whole of your editorial wrath. Since, however that "blush-causing" meetiing, the "family party style" have had others, and I believe endeavoured at them to make greater gooses of themselves than before, as they not only carried on the old game of cheering every one and every thing, every word and every joke, but appeared most desirous of adding inconsistency to absurdity, and ab- surdity to something bordering upon senility. The Chairman most effectually gave the cue to the proceed- ings his "Esquires" most correctly played out his "pique." Upon the 17th October last, the official hero worshippers resolved themselves Into a "happy family party" to hear a letter read from their idol member who had deigned to ad- dress them through the post. The Hon. Mr. Norton is there made to express himself thus : — "Having seconded Mr. MacKenzie's nomination, he was gratified to think that by so doing he helped in securing a member who was a credit to his constituency, and an honour to his country ; and now we find, before two months have hardly passed over, the self same man, in the self-same place, to the self-same men as Chairman of the meeting, he thus expresses himself:—"He thought the establishment of a paper in the place was sadly wanting —(sad dogs he was evidently addressing) — as it must be apparent to all that the inhabitants of the district were not represented as they ought to be : it would be a channel through which our wants would be made known to the Go- vernment and the country. Barely two months have elapsed since our everlasting cheerers gave "three times three" in honour of Mr. Mac- kenzie : now the same men amidst as many cheers, announce to the world that the interests of their district were not repre- sented. Sudh fickleness reminds one of Sir Walter Scott's lines, and provokes me to fancy the Colonial Treasurer thus transposes them :— "O, Haly, who would wish to rule This changelling crowd—this common fool ; Hear'st thou, my boy, the loud acclaim With which they cheer a drunkard's name ! With like acclaim the thirsty throat Cheered me to get my table d'hote; With like acclaim they hail'd the day When first I said for all I'd pay; And like acclaim would Strathden meet If he could hurl me from my seat— Who for that herd would wish to sit If he another seat could get. False! see the Gayndah men can be To you, my boy, as well as me. Fantastic brutes, how soon they tire— But stop, my fish—if we Esquire The many-headed monster thing We yet: I yet may be again their King ;" and when we recollect that he had to pay for a great deal more than he bargained for at the last election, some portions of them are extremely natural. The cause for this mighty change in the sentiments of the "happy family party" I don't attempt to divine; 'tis suffi- cient for any purpose to notice and condemn them. When men will become prominent when they are eternally mixing themselves up in public matters, when they are fre- quently constituting themselves into a "public meeting," when they desire to be hailed as shining lights, reformers in matters of church or state (and I presume in social mat- ters also), they ought to be a little more consistent at least, and a little less ridiculous. We must not permit our rising generation to imbibe to much of the "new style," too many of ies incongruities and irregularities. These three things seem to have two predominating objects in view, to be jolly at, and to be something at, and to have been tolerably successful in both. There also seems another object alike successfully sought, and that is, to keep up their inveterate habit of cheering. Everybody appears jolly, everybody is called "Esquire," and every body and every thing is cheered. Gayndah, to tell from a search, is inhabited by nothing else but Bathurst burrs, and Bathos Esquires. There is an ex- traordinary similarity in their advent and habits; they were both brought here by the sheep and cattle ; both cling per- tinaciously to oar horsers and asses ; and both, I must adimt, assist mightily to fleece us. Bathurst Burr, Esquire, and Bluestone Rum, Esquire, manifest themselves everywhere ; you can't go to a meeting without their accompanying you ; you can't walk out into the street without being troubled by them ; they intrude where they are not wanted ; they poke their noses where they are not sought for ; and, as no one will begin to check their growth, they bid fair to choke up every place of resort by their noxious presence. The sheep farmer, who should eschew both, is actually cultivating their acquaintance, and I believe it is because of his attending so many of these meet- ings that he does so. It is evident he cannot be popular with weeds and keep them at a distance ; he cannot be preparing his herds for the pot while he in hurrying there himself. The meeting of the 19th ultimo was for a very good object, A paper for this district is just what is wanted ; but need the consideration of such be the cause for our young blades going through the farce of a public meeting, and this Burnett characteristic of dubbing every fellow an Esquire, and cheer- ing everybody who wishes to hear himself talk. We are becoming absolutely ridiculous to the world. I trust your correspondent "G" will continue to notice and hold up to scorn those who, from sheer vanity or want of common sense, are so materially causing us discredit and shame. I am, THE GHOST OF BAN BAN. Burnett District, .January 5. 