VICTORIA JOCKEY CLUB RACES. AUTUMN MEETING. — THE FIRST DAY. Under the most auspicious circumstances, as regards weather, and on other less acci dental accounts, the autumn meeting of the Victoria Jockey Club was commenced yesterday. The programme was a reasonably attractive one, and the events, either in themselves or in the ?ircumstances attending them, were so full of in terest, that we willingly spare our readers the usual descriptivo infliction without which a newspaper report of a race meeting has come to be looked upon as incomplete. We must, how ? ever, make one slight digression, if only to follow the remarkable example set us by the railway train of the Melbourne and Essendon Company. The adventures of the ' road' were considerably heightened and diversified by one collision, and one prolonged stoppage to prevent a repetition of the samo, together with a scries of jumpings on the part of the engine, which, on the whole, was the most capricious locomotive we have ever had the nervous pleasure of being bumped along by. Fortunately, however, the collision ended in no thing wor3e than in bringing the passengers up standing on their feet, and inducing the engineer and stoker ta precipitate themselves from their posts, lest a worse thing might befall them. But the nature and circum stances of this mishap are more fully adverted to in another column. Nor was the homeward jaunt a whit less venturous than the outward one, one of its chief features being an almost constant screeching kept up by the ' whittle' by way of keeping the passengers alive to the probability of falling across at any ungiven moment a new edi tinn of the forenoon mishap. So very present was this fear that not a man of us (including that interjectional, parturient homo — woman — as Syd ney Smith calls her) did not feel grateful for being landed on the home station whole-bodied. We wore agreeably surprised to find that, not withstanding the very unfavorable aspect pre sented on the course last week from the large volume of water gathered upon it, the ground was in excellent order. In fact, we may venture to assert that the late floods have had a beneficial effeot by leading the sediment on the surface of the sward, thereby protecting the soil from any danger of becoming brittle and parched. We may mention, however, on the other hand, that, considering the amount of money spent upon drainage, we little anticipated that a utill further outlay would bo required for completing the object, for which the first estimate— a toler ably large one — ought to have been sufficient. But we have at least reason to expect that the worst is now past, and that the recent operations for effectually draining the course will render un necessary any more vexatious postponements of racing events, on account of accidents of the weather. Th.e attendance upon the course yester day was not numerous. This, wo presume, arose in a great measure from tho exorbitant charges at the gate. We think it a mistaken policy to fix the rates of admittance at so high a figure, inasmuch as, at a lower figure, the club would derive a larger revenue, through the sheer number of visitors,- than it will do at this meeting under the present fiscal arrangements. But a truce to this kind of criticism. We are happy to. bestow unqualified praise upon the able manage ment of that popular and indefatigable sportsman, 'Mr Richard Goldsbrough, to whom' the sporting ' world'has from time to time been indebted for the very ? excellent sport provided by;'the .Jockey' Club; and in no one instance has he deserved the thanks of the public mote heartily thia now. The time and trouble he bestowed during the last fortnight in reducing the course to its best avail able condition, have not been without fruit. We can also congratulate the Club upon their judicious choice in again appointing Mr George Wstson as starter— a post which he has from time to time filled with unvarying success. The honorary officials who rendered good service m keeping the course, also deserve mention. Punctually to tho minute, the bell rang for sad dling for the first race of the day, THE OIU.ND STAND STAKES. Of 100, sovs. Entrance, 5 sovs. Weight for age. One mile and a half. Mr Jeffrey's ch g Colonel, 3 yrs ? -..... 1 Mr Lang's br h Flying Jib, i yrs ? 2 Mr H. Fisher's gr h Sir James, 4 yrs ? ? 0, Mr Coleman's b g Defence, 5 yrs ? 0 Mr Chirnside's br g Haphazard, aged ? 0 Mr Lang's celebrated son of the Premier had the decided call for this event. In fact, the in vestn p.nts were chiefly confined to this fine ani mal. Perhaps, in the opinion of the best judges of condition, he was considered to be a shade short of that preparation which is indispensable in a competition with Mr Jeffrey's colti at the dis tance, a mile and a half. The Colonel, too, was considerably improved since his last appearance on the Geclong course, so much so that his most sanguine friends backed him to win a few small things. To this fact, together with the confi dence of his trainer (Mr Samuel Waldoek), may be attributed the favor he found at the post. At the lowering of the flag a capital start was effected. The Colonel immediately went to the front, with the Jib in close attendance, Sir James also close up, and poor Haphazard far in the rear. This order was maintained for the first half mile, at which point the Colonel slightly increased his lead up to tho turn opposite the old gate. Here tho Jib made a run and reached the Colonel's quarters. This position was held up to the turn into the straight running, when the Colonel appeared to be giving way, and the race was pronounced from the Stand to he literally a gift to the Jib. Not bo, however, for Captain Armstrong was in full force, and steadied the last mentioned animal in the most artistic manner. Within the distance Mr Lang (tho rider) evinced a degree of industry which was far from inconsistent with the Colonel being landed the winner. Official time, 2 min. 53 sen. The second event upon the card was THE SAPLING STAKES, Of 10 sovs. each, with 100 sovs. added. 5 sovs. forfeit. For ail twa-year-olds. Colts, 7st 71b ; fillies and geldings, 7st 41b. Three-quarters of a mile. Value of the stake, 145 sovs. Mr Wuldock's br f Medora ? 1 Mr Lang's b c Secundus ? , ? 2 Mr Waldock's b c Professor ? .3 It is a noticeable fact with regard to these young sters, that the two best of them, bred by Mr T. Austin, of BaTwon Park, viz., Secundus (own brother to Brownlock), and Medora (the first of High Sheriff's got that his appeared upon the turf), have met three times— twice in weight for age races, and once in a handicap — and in the two former events the victory was awarded to the filly, while in the latter, wherein the colt received a lump of weight, he made a sorry example of the mare at the last November- meeting. From these premises it would appear that the filly, at her favorite distance (three-fourths mile), weight for a'e up, is decidedly the better animal of the two. Perhaps, however, if we look back at Brownlock's two-year old performances the above order of things may in a great measure be reversed in its three year old form. The race now under notice is easily told. Medora jumped off with the lead, and raced in close company with her opponent for two-thirds of the distance, when the colt 'shot his bolt,' leaving an easy victory, by a length, to the filly. Professor, a somewhat leggy aspirant to turf honors, played anything but a forward part in the race ; time and condition will probably make him a useful colt. Time : slow. The third event was THE ST. LEOER. Of 150 sovs., added to a sweepstakes of 15 sovs. Weights: colts', 8st 71b; fillies, 8st 41b. One mile and three-quarters and 132 yards. Ten per cent, of tho gross amount of the stakes to go to the second, horse. Value of the stakes, 255 sovs. Mr Lang's br c Presto, by the Premier — Sham- rock ? ? ? ? 1 Mr Yeend's br c Donation, by Julecum Sneezer— Widow's Pet ? 2 Mr R. F. Greene's ch f Castanet, by Dolo — Tambourine ? ....'........ ? 0 Mr John Orr's br c Moscow, by Muscovite— ? Ulrica, by Lanercost ? .-.. ? 0 This race, as usual, occupied a considerable portion of the attention of our stud- owners. The speculation upon this event had assumed, during the last few days, a somewhat weathercock char acter. The odds, short indeed, had placed three out of the four competitors successively in the position of favorites. ? On the day previous to the race, Presto occupied the premier place in tho money market, and justly so, if we may judge by results. Moscow, whose dam (Ulrica, by Laner cost) was stinted in England to Muscovite, one of the fastest horses of his day, must have sorely dis appointed his owner (Mr John. Orr) who enter tained a very sanguine opinion as to winning this great three-year old stake. Moscow's stylo of going will have greatly to improve before he can have a ghost of a chance for the 2000 guineas, for to say the least, his first appearance yesterday upon the turf was a most moderate performance. Castanet, a daughter of Dolo, evinced but little quality as a race horse ; in fact, she was thoroughly out-paced from the very commencement, and we have no doubt a portion of so miserable a performance was owing to the very indifferent condition in which she was brought to the post. Joe Carter looked and, unquestionably, felt disgusted with his mount. Donation has so frequently appeared to disadvantage upon various courses, that no worse thing need be said of him on this occasion. At tho fall of the flag, the lot got away upon capital terms, Moscow in the van for the first quarter of a mile. In rounding the rails, into the old straight running, he showed temper, and ran wide of his horses by a considerable distance, thus leaving the front position, to Presto, who maintained it to the end. Donation came in an indifferent second, with Moscow scarcely within cooey, while Castanet's whereabouts could only be discovered by a powerful glass. Looking upon this race as a whole, we must say that an equally indifferent lot of Leger animals might be more easily dreamed of than found. The race of the day was THE l'REE HANDICAP. Of 100 sovs. Acceptance, 5 sovs. One mile and a half. Mr J. Lamb's b g Attila, aged, 7st 71b ? 1 Mr J. Henderson ns ch m Dispatch, aged, 8st 121b ? 2 Mr A. Chirnside's br m Fortress, 5 yrs, 7st 121b ? 3 Mr J. Henderson ns br h Mormon, 5 yrs, 9st 101b ? 0 Mr F. Tozer's b h Mariner, aged, 8st 121b .... 0 Mr W. Warren's ch g Young Alma, aged, 8st 121b...... ? 0 Mr E Goleman's b g Defence, 5 yrs, 8st 121b 0 Mr J. Morrison ns b m Lucy Glitters, 5 yrs, . 8st 51b ? 0 Mr S. Cole's b m Mountain Maid, 4 yrs, 7st 101b ? 0 Mr T. J. Bavin's br g Swiss Boy, 4 yrs, 7st 101b 0 Mr R. F. Greene's ch f Castanet, 3 yrs, 6st 121b ? 0 This race brought to the post ten out of the eleven acceptances. Mormon, from whom great things were expected, in spite of the crushing weight of 9st 101b, had little er nothing to do with the race. In tho eyes of all connoisseurs of. condition, ho appeared ' beefy,' and evidently had had a very easy time of it during the interval between the lato Genlong meeting nnd the pre sent Melbourne one. He seemed remarkably short of work, and his whole appearance was ra ther that of an animal for exhibition than of a racehorse. Despatch occupied second position in the betting, the distance suiting her to a yard, with a favorable weight upon her back,. She found many supporters at a very short price. Attila, the winnor, was treated very lightly by the ring ; but, although the ring-goers evinced a dis positiDn to pepper this New South Wales impor tation, the operations were but few, and those were chiefly confined to his owner, the - veteran Lamb, who, upon returning to scale,- received quite an.ovation at tho hands of the sporting by standers. ,Defenco and Lucy Glitters each found a friends at long shots. The speculation, as a whole, upon this, the race of the day, may be quoted as ? of a decidedly limited character.' As regards the race, the lot- jumped off in a cluster, Defence slightly in advance up to the first turn, at whichjjoint , his game .hind leg gave way...; At thw point also Mariner bolted. Mormon then carried on the. running until the Old Stand was reached, when Attila went up; deprived him of his lead, and held supremacy te the turn home, where he was joined by Despatch. The two raced from this point, with Attila slightly ahead, into the distance, where Simpson calied upon his mare, who, as usual, displayed tho tmmistakeable white feather. Attila, in the meanwhile, replied in gallant style to Haines's invitation, nnd landed a good stake to his owner by finishing the fastest race ever run upon the- Melbourne course. For tress, who has greatly improved under Robert Mitchell's tuition, ran a respectable third. The ruok was scattered at all distances. Time— 2 min. 49 seconds. The fourth race was THE HANDICAP HURDLE RACE, Of 100 sovs. Entrance, 5 sovs. About two- miles and a half. Mr G. Watson's b g Barton, aged, lOst ? 1 Mr Keys's gr m Modesty, aged, 12st ? 2 Mr Yeend's ch m Miss Wildspin, aged, 9st «lb 3 Mr Waldock's b g Donovan Brown, :iged, list 0 Mr Greenaway's br g Orphan, aged, list ? 0 Mr G. Watson's b g Buck, aged, lOst 41b .... 0 Mr Ewart's br g Flying Shingler, 6 yrs, 9st . . 0 This race brought 7 of our cross country nags to the post, including the queen of hurdle racers, — Modesty. This mare's glorious victories have so often been before the public that to say a word more in her praise would 'kj the newest edition of gilding refined gold. Weight, to this extraor dinary mare, aeems little or no bar to her general success. With 12st on her back, — had she been ridden with even school-boy judgment, — she must have landod a good round sum for her owner and party. To force the running, with the top weight, against such a field, from beginning to end, is a style of jockeyship quite sui generis. And this is saying nothing of the more instances than ono of foul riding. The most marked case of this kind occurred at the straight running in the finish, when Martin pulled his marc right across Miss Wildnpin, and thus destroyed her prospective victory. The same opening allowed Burton to come up on the inner side, and virtually gave him the race, Mr Tlios. C.hirnside must have expe rienced mingled feelings of pleasure and vexation, at seeing a horse he had so recently sold win this great stake. In point of fact, that sportsman was led to believe from quarters where sounder in formation should have prevailed, that Barton be longpd to a class of horses too dear to keep. We can, however, congratulate his present owner (Mr George Watson) upon the fact of so good a horse having fallen into equally good hands. The day's sport terminated with THE OPTIONAL SELLING STAKES, Of50fovs. Entrance, 3 sovs. Weight forage, with conditions and allowancos. One mile and a half. Mr Warren's ch g Young Alma, aged, 8 st 8 lb (£50) ? 1 Mr S. Cole's b m Mountain Maid, 4 yrs, 7 ut 6 1b (£50) ? ? : ? 2 Mr W. Lang's gr g Woodpecker, aged, 8 st 81b (£30) ? 3 Mr J. Henderson ns b f Shepherdess, 3 yrs, 5stlllb (£30) ? 0 The only horse of any note engaged in this struggle was the once renowned Woodpecker, whose victories have, from time to time, cost the shedding of a deal of ink. Mr Lang ought to remember Horace's maxim, ' Soloe nenccentem,' and allow him to retire upon his former doings. To cut the affair short, the race was won in a trot by Young Alnla, the Mountain Maid occupy ing second place merely upon sufferance. The following is the programme of to-day's events : — ^ ' MAIDEN PLATE, Of 100 sovs ; entry, 5 sovs. Weight for ago. One mile and a half. Mr Morrison's bl g Black Doctor, 3 yrs. Mr W. Lang's br c Presto, 3 yrs. Mr J. Orr's b e Moscow, 3 yrs. Mr Phillip's ch g Prattler, 3 yrs. Mr G. Watson's br g Stockman, 4 yrs. Mr R. F. Greene's ch f Castanet, 3 yrs. Mr J. Henderson's bl m Lucretia, 5 yre. Mr Bavin's br g Swiss Boy, 4 yrs. OIIEAT METHOPOLlTA-r HANDICAP, Of 10 sovs each, with 150 sovs added. Five sovs forfeit. Winner of Free Handicap to carry 31b extra. Second horse to receive 20 sovs out of the stake; third horse to save his stake. , Two miles ani a quarter. Value of the stake, 235 SOV3. Mr T. J. Bavin's gr g Flatcatcher, 6 yrs, 9st 71b. Mr J. Henderson ns b h Mormon, 5 yrs, 9st«lb. . . Mr W. Lang's br h Flying Jib, 4 yrs, 9st 41b. Mr A. Chirnside's b g Bolero, 6 yrs, 9st. Mr J. R. Cowell's gr g Gaffer Grey, aged, Ost. Mr J. Henderson na ch m Dispatch, aged, 8st 71b. Mr J. Richardson's b g Woodranger, 4 yrs, 8st. Mr H. Jeffrey's ch c Colonel, 3 yrs, 7st 51b. SELLING 8TAXE8, Of 40 sovs. Entrance, 3 sovs. Weight for age, with conditions and allowances. One mile. Mr Phillips's b g Sir James (£80)r 5 yrs, 8st lib. Mr W. Lang's bl g Dermot Asthore (£50), aged, 8st 81b. Mr A. Chirnside's br g Haphazard (£50), aged, 8st 81b. Mr Greenaway's b m Birds wing (£30), 4 yrs, 7st 71b.' Mr Yeend's br c Donation (£80), 3 yre, 7st 61b. HACK 'nURDLE Ili.CE, Of 40 sovs. Entrance, 3 sovs. Weight not less than lOst. Winner to be sold for £50, &c.; One mile and a half ; heats. Post entry. HACK RACE, Of 20 sovs. Entrance, 2 sovs. Winner to be sold for £30, &c.; One mile and a half. Post entry. 