MISCELLANEOUS. TToit8Ti:STEAiiiN-a Hf ALOKBIA.-The Arab who is pro j jeering a iuustentruko, and intends selecting tho hand Honieat out of a thousand steeds,-usually' comes in the I course of tho day to inspect tho bivouac, although ho is obliged to make hts preliminary observations from a dis- tance-from a, very considerable distance,, it: may bo. Tho liatircs, in fact, aro allowed to penetrate easily into the middle of un encampment ; but there are almost always people of tho neighbourhood who form part of tho expeditionary columns, such os camel-drivers, herds- men, and pack-horse leaders, who have been hired for the transport of provisions, .Tn the latter case, the Arab thiof will bo mistaken for one of the men employed ;. ho will take caro that no ono shall see him enter. Iiis' choice made tho'rogue disappears till night. In order to return to the middle of tho bivouac, ho habitually divests himself of overy' item of clothing, and retaius no other ann than a well-sharpened knifo in. a leather shonth slung with a "strap across his .body. He ¡B also provided with a long rope of earners hair, which is twisted round hts head like u turban. As soon as ho has passed tho first sentries; the thief is metamorphosed into a serpont ; lie crawls on continually, without hurry, without noise, without any perceptible rustling. With Iiis oyes fixed on tho living objects whom ho wishes to avoid, ho stops short if ho perçoives in tho sentinels tho slightest > sign thnt their attention lias' been attracted. 'He will take three hours, if need be, to clear a distance of a hundred -fards,1 ' At last he gets near tho coveted object, the horse intended to bo stolon. Thore, his movements nre moro deliberate than ever, in order not to frighten tho animal, who must not be allowed, for several minutes, to perform any but natural motions, capable of decoiving the oyo of tho most vigilant sentinel. At' first,' ho cuts tho shuokles with which tho horse's fore feet aro tied together. and retires, crawling all the while, .ns far as the! length of the rope allows him. 'Tho distance be-' tween himself and tho animal thou varios -from' twelve to fifteen feet. If, during these preparations,; tho horsekoopera appear to havo heard any noise, the: thief again : remains motionless-; the horse remaining quiet, and tho sentinels resuming their former tranqui-í lity,, the process of stealing is continued. Tho. Arab; slightly pulls the rope ; solicited by this mute appeal, tho horse rises and sets a stop ¡ but tho movoinont is so por-j fectly similar to that which tho animal is in tho habit of making when ho wants to reach a wisp of hay or a blade of grass a little way off the stake to whioh he is fastened,: that, by night, nine sentinels out of ten would be do-' ceived. Tho robber repeats tho sumo nmnajuvro as long: as posBi'blo. AB hu hos carefully studied thu ground, ho; will continuo it whilo no alarm is given ) but generally,:: once out of tho immediate roach of the mea whose duty: it is to keep special watch over tho stolen horse, hu leaps1 oh tho annual's back and seta off at full gallop, well knowing that gun-shots by night are only dangerous for, tho comrades of those who Aro thom. Sometimes the thief covers his ontiro person with leaves,, but ho will commit no such foolish act in a country denuded of shrubs and bushes. On naked ground, he is as naked' os a snuko j ina -bushy oountry, he transforms himself into a living bush; in short, ho assimilates his person to tho aspect of tho country he is traversing.-Dickens' "AU the Year Round." SALADS ABD SUMMXB SOTJBS.-Physiological research establishes tho faut thut acids promolo tho separation of tho bite from tho blood, which is then passed from thc nystcm, thus preventing fevers, thc prevailing diseases of summer. All fevers nrc " biliouB, that is, tho bile is in tho blood. Whatever is antagonistic of fever is cooling. lt is a common saying that fruits arc "cooling," and also berries of ovcry'description ; it is because tho acidity which they contain aids in separating tho hilo from tho blood-that is. aids in ourifvine tho blood. Heneo tho great yearning for greens, and lettuce and salads in tue early spring, these being eaten with vinegar i hunco, also, tho tasto for something sour, for lemonades, on an attack of fever. Bul, HUB being tho caso, it is essy to soe that wo nullify the good effect of fruit and borrios in proportion ns wo eat them in sugar, or oven with sweet milk or cream. If wo cat them in their natural stato, fresh, ripo, perfect, it ia almost irapossiblo to cat too ' ninny, or cut onoughto hurt us, especially if wo cat them alone, not taking any liquid with thom whatever. Heneo, also, is buttorniilk, or cvon common milk, promotivo of health in summer timo. Sweet milk tends to biliousness in sedentary people; sour milk is antagonistic. Tho Greeks and Turks aro passional ely fond of milk. Tho' shepherds usa rennet, and the rnukdcalcrs alum, to mako it »our tho sooner. Buttermilk auls liko water melons on tho system.-IlalCt Journal of Health. ON THU ilAUBIAOU OF ElJKNKZKB SWEET AW» JANE hBlIOK. " How happily extremes do moot in Jano and Kboneior! , ' She's no' longer sour, but Sweet, and ho's a Lernon-flijuoeier I" A MAJ) LASEWJttD.-At the London Worship-street ; 'Pplice-oillco, lately, Geot- go tituith, aa extensivo builder at' Old Ford,' Bow, was charged with wilfully.breaking tho entire gloss front of a shop window. Complainant, Mr Wettony.o .baker, nt Bow, said : This morning, my landlord, tue gentleman at the bar, coolly caine in front or my ßhop and smashed all the windows. Defendant (a liorouledu'-built iuaii, with appropriate voice :) Intention- ally dono by myself. ' Complainant : Bo hus made a hole iu the hack of roy oven, and taken the roof oil'my house. Many a butch of broad has ho spoiled. My property is dovastutcd. Defendant: Tour property! Mine. I admit the damage, all of it, and I meant it. Your Wor- ship, this úian is in point of fact an outlaw. (Laughton) Complainant: I, liare, been his tenant twelve months, and hore are rav receipts of payment of rent for devon months out of tho two! vc. Defendant: Nonsonso. Homo ot'them are in your owtl writing. I admit tho damago -all of it, and more if you like-but (vehemently) if it costs me £5000 this fellow shall go out of my house ; he can't hako with a Iiirgo hole in his oven, nor livewithout n roof over his hoad. Complainant : What is to become of my furniture ? Defendant (contemptuously) : Furni: turo! A flock,bod in,ono corner of tho room, and a three-legged stool in another. \ Lot tho officer go- and see tho place, and if he finds niora than 6d worth of fur- niture in it I will suffer any punishment you (tho magis- trate) may choose to'infltct. He is a thing. Why bo calls mo ' Old Buffalo' whenever he sees mo-draws tho attention of the neighbours by shouting 1 Hero-hero is the big buffalo.' (Boars of laughter.) Mr Leigh (doubtingly) : I ain told that you uro sobor, and that this is your general manner,-if so, certainly you aro tho most singular character of the day, as far as my experi- ence goes ; but understand that it is not.because you ure the landlord of tho premises that you ure to destroy them at your will and pleasure.' Assuredly you luivo commit- ted damage linder the tenancy, and must pay for thc whole/with costs, or stiffer, fourteen day's imprisonraont. Defendant : ' Tluink you. I know it must be so- expected nothing else, (bowing) : But perhaps he (complainant) will pay tho rant due, and then I can pay for this diimago. Old Buffalo, indeed !:-whero will you And u finer mau ? The judgment awarded was paid. FuKNOii QUACKEBV.-As if the clergy of Franco lind not sulllciont ocoupntion with tho euro of souls, a- pro- posal lins been hrouehed in a medical journal for giving thuin thc means of undertaking that of the hoddy ail- ments of their flocks. For the attainment of this objoct no long course of lectures, will be uecessary, no walking tho hospitals, Their education is to become at once per- fect .hy tho simple perusal of a couple of little treatises, or, to speak moro correctly, of lists of receipts, described as " iniulliblo" aa against the various ills that Heall is heir to. Everything is included, from a brain fever to a cut finger, not omitting jaundice ; and if all the remedies aro as scientific os that suggested for jaundice, tho medi- cal pro Ib.ísion of France noed not feu r seeing their prac- tico pass into the hands of the priesthood. This mar- vellous discovery is attributed to a certain abbe, who modestly hides a name, evidently destined to becomo famous, under tho singlo letter P. ' The Abbe P., then who, by-tho-bye, has also: disoovóred a remedy against nose-bleeding, calculated to supersede.tho passing of the door-key ; donn the spine- thus communicates his secret : -" I givo it you with all the greater confidence, seeing that 1 have already applied it to one of my own sisters. Her Bk in was as yellow as that of a lemon. I made a necklace of a live eel and hung it round her neck. In 2-1 hours the eel had imbibed all the humour of tho disenso. My sister was white, the eel yellow. Tho euro was com- plete ns it wus marvellous." How far this proposed in- road of tho sacristy upon tho faculty will bo approved by tho Government remains to bo seen. As the laws at present stand, any euro, or oven bishop, who should pro BUine to practise medicino without a license would in- evitably find himself in a delicate situation as regarded tho police authorities. WEIL-BEBTJKUD PUPWES.-A few days ago on old geutloman, rather plainly dressed, took his sent in a railway carriage. . Shortly after in carno two officers, who made themselves completely ut home, und began Bmoking without either apology or inquiry as to whether tho fumes of tobacco woidd not inconvenience their fel- low travellers. Tho old gentleman bogged of them to leave off as the smoke made him ill. They took no notico of him, but continued to smoke, and on boing re- monstrated with indulged in some uncomplimentary reflections about "pêkias" who ought to keep at homo, ¿te. The elderly party did not toko any further notico of them, but, on reaching his journey's cud, and alight- ing, took out Iiis card, and, handing it to tho officers said, "Gentlemen, you will please to request your colonel to put you under arrest for a month, to teach you better manners," Tho card boro theso words-"£e Mareclial Ministre ile la Guerre." " The best of tho joke remains to be told. Tho ollicers, terribly alarmed, moved hcarcn and eart.li to huvo an apology laid before: tho marshal, and, having powerful friends, succeeded in obtaining an audience for tho purpose. To their amaze- ment thoy found ho did not in tho least resemble their fellow- traveller. Tho Minister, however, henrd their story, . lnughcd exceedingly, and confirmed the punish- ment, they hud so richly earned.-Paria Jietter. How TO GET Hi cu.-We" hear much of bad times, but tho times are just what people 'make them. . Wanton speculation, ovér-trading, and trusting the untrust- worthy bring many to grief ;; but in tho;majority. of cases it will bo fouud that undue porsonal expenditure is the real cause of sorrow. Tho rulp we have to propound is very simple, but practical and effectual. It is this :? That every ono'should live, within his income, and if ho receives' twenty shillings and only spend ninotoou he may: bo accounted rich, becauso he is independent. Cash: transactions arc tho things that right evils, and deliver from the danger of embarrassment. It is a common complaint that credit is given to the reckless, and. in evory community there aro persons who subsist' on in- solvency. But who aro to Mamo ? Why, tho trades mon who trust. Expensive liabits are easily contracted, but not easily laid aside ; and tho .facility credit offers for thoir indulgence is one of tho grievances of tho. day. It is by this means that the spendthrift exists at tho ex- penso of tho industrious and enconomical, who aro vir- tually coinpellod to pay blaok mail. It is timó these matters were mended, and that all should forthwith dis- charge their pecuniary obligations. A POST OFFICE OtmiosiTr.-A letter was mailed'at' thu post-ofilco in Now London a whilo since' bearing the ' subjoined minute, though somewhat indefinite, addross. [ We print it verbatim et literatim :-"to my sister Brid-' get or olso to my brother Tim melony or if not to gudyl her motlier in law who. carno to amerioy but did not stay1 long and wont Back to' tho ould country-in caro of the Pmito who live in tho Parish of baluanbury in Cork or! if not to some Daeent Neighbour'iii Ireland. HoitBJt TIÍBATSIÍNT.-If lie backs or jibs, nothing is loss effectual thoa "out lura in tho mouth, or stab him, in the Hunk," as round-hatted Draiyuds sometimes'do,! or o von to* uso tho whip, "Lot bim walk backwards,"! says Major Jenkins,- "until ho soes no fud m it." Now it; is an excollont thing to have Major Jenkins and similar, writors teaching horse-taming upon principles loss roco'n-; dito tlian those of Mr Boroy, for our 'English practices ' in equitation are far from being, as yet, beyond tho reach : ofroform. \- EnnEzziRMENT.-Two serious clinrgea of. embezzle- ment wore hoard at tho ' Giiildhall on tho 8th August. Word, tho'pririeipal cashier iu' tho employ pf. Messrs Coster and Co., tho well-known 'warehouseman,1 was charged with, orubezzling stuns ' amounting in tho aggre- gate to £4500 ; and Thoms,' the petty-cash 'dork, was charged with a similar offence, tho amount of his [defal- cations hoing £700.' The two prisoners do not appear to bo connected with eaoh other. Ward was rémandod, and Thoms was committed for trial. Theso cases aro now occurring with painful frequency. , ; , WHAT COSSTITITIBS A. TAOBAKT ?-A good anecdote is related of a woll known vagabond, who was brought j before a magistrate as a common vagrant. Having sud- j donly hnrpooimd a good idea, ho pulled from tho capa- cious pocket of Iiis tattered coat a loaf of broad and half a dried codfish, and holding thom up, with a triumphant look and gesture, to tho magistrate, oxclaimcd, - "You don't ketch him that way ! I'm no vagrant. Ah't thoni visible means o' support, I should like to know ?".',' KEEP TUB LAW.-There was an old Quaker who had an unfortunate reputation ' of non-resistance. It' was said that any ona could jostle him, tread oii his toes, or tweak his noso, with impunity ; until puo market-day a blustering- fellow, being told that yonder was a mau who,. if he was smitten on ono chook, would turn tho other' also, thought it would be sport to try him. Stepping up to tho sturdy, good-natured Inonu, ho slapped Ids face. Tho old man looked at him sorrowfully for a moment, then slowly turned his other cheek, nnd re- ceived another buffet. Upon that ho coolly pulled off Iiis coat. " I havo cleared tho law," said he, " and now thee must tako it." "And bo gave tho cowardly fellow a tremendous thrashing. HAMDWararta OFTHBDBAÖ.-A thought written in warm, sunny life, and than suddonly rising up to us, when tho hand that traced and tho heart that chorished it uro dust, is verily us a ghost, It is a likeness of tho fond human being, and surviving it. Eur moro truthful than bust or portrait, it bids us BOO the tcara flow, and tho pulsa boat. What ghost can thoohurchyard yiold to us like tho writing of tho dead. " Mothar, tho end of tho world is coming 1 " ; "What :mokoB you think ab ohildP"- "Cos thurn trouaora what you said nd novor wear out has got a big hole in 'oui," TBR following story is told of a Yankee captain and his matu :-Whenever there wus a plum-pudding made by Hie captain's orders, all the plutus wera put into one end of it, aud that placed next to the captain, who, after helping himself, passed it to tho mato, who nover found any plums in any part of it. Atter this gamo had been played for some time the mato prevailed on tho steward to placo the suet cud next to the captain, who no sooner perceived the alteration than picking up the dish, and turned it round, as if to examine thu china, hu said, " This cost mo two shillings in Liverpool," und put it down, as if without design, with tho plum end noxt to himself. " Is it possiblo ?" said tho mate taking up tho dish. " By its appearance, I shouldn't suppose it worth more than a shilling ;" and, as if in perfect innocence, ho put it down tho contrary way. Tho raptain looked at tho mate ; tho mato looked ut tho captain, und both laughed. . " I'll tell you what, yonng'un," said tho cap- tain, "you've found me out i so we'll just cut the pud-! ding lengthwise this time, and have thu plums fairly dis- tributed hereaftor." 