BAPTIST CHAPEL, PLLNDEflS SIBEET. The foundation-stone of tlie new Baptist Chapel, Flinders-street, was laid by Mr. David Randall, of Mount Crawford,'on Wednesday afternoon, the ISth inst. The weather was most propitious, and by the appointed hour, 3 o'clock, upwards of 300 persons had assembled, including the Rev. Isaac New. James Lyall, Keen, G. Stonchouse, Evans, J. Hannay, J. Jefferis, H. Cheetham, Tuck, S. Mead (Pastor of the Church), and other ministers of various denominations, and a large number of old colonists and others of the highest standing and respectability. * The proceedings were commenced by singing ttic 791th hymn from the Baptist hymn-book. The Rev. Mr. Keen afterwards read a portion of the Slth Psalm, and the Rev. J. Lyall engaged in. prayer. Mr. D. Randall then went through the cere mony of laying the stone. A receptacle was formed in the ground at the spot where the stone was to be laid, and just before lowering it two bottles were deposited in it — one containing copies of the Regts'er, Advertiser, and Chronicle, and the other copies of the Observer, Register, \ and Advertiser, a few coins, and a docu ment, of which the' following is a copy:— " This document,, being a reconj of the object for which this chapel is to be erected, is deposited under the north-east corner stone. The chapel is ■ built for the use of tbe Church of God,, holding Baptist principles, now worshipping in White's Room, King Wiiliam-stteet, in this city, and is I devoted to the worship of God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost—One Triune Jehovah. The Church was formed at Lefevrc terrace Baptist Chapel on the 5th of August, in this present year. The stone is laid by David Randall, Esq., of Mount Crawford, on this eigh teenth day of December, in tbe year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, the Rev. Silas Mead, MA., LL.B., being Pastor of. the Church: Mr. Christopher Giles, Mr. George Shaw, Mr. David Fowler, and Mr. William Kyflin > Thomas being Deacons. The Committee for. superintending the new building consists of Messrs. George S. Fowler, Jauies Whiting, John Beeby. and James Alexander Holden, and the | Church, officers abevenamed. Architect, Mr. | Robert George Thomas; builders, Messrs. English and Brown." I Jlr. Rakdall, having declared the stone duly anil properly laid, .proceeded to read the document which had been lodged beneath it. Bethought the object which had brought them together was one of the greatest importance. Tiie founda- ' tion-stonc he bad just laid was that of a house which was to be built for the worship of God. and for the maintenance and support of the Christian religion. It was a great and glorious work in which tliey were participating—a work for which the Saviour came down from Heaven, for which He iived a life of sorrow, and suffered the death of the cross, that He might be made a sacrifice for sin, and for which He had gone up to the Father to become the intercessor betweeu God and man. The result of that work had been most marvel lous. Sinners had beeu brought from a state of alienation to that of reconciliation with God. He considered that the greatest privilege man pos- j sesscd was to be allowed to co-operate with the Almighty in such a glorious work. It was one which should awaken their interest and support, and he was pleased to sec tlicm engaging in it at that tune by gathering together for the purpose of erecting a place for worship. Mr. Randall referred to the great benefits which would here after arise from such an undertaking, and also to the fear lie entertained that the Gospel which would be proclaimed in the edifice would prove the savour of death unto death to many who might attend it. The building was intended for the use of the Baptist denomination; and he felt sure that they possessed tlie sympathy, and aid of other divisions of the Christian Church. Although fully convinced of the truth of the principles and doctrines they held, they were ready to liold the truth in love, and offer the right hand of Christian fellowship to every one. He liad frequently been struck with the numerous notices of the erection of new cliapels which were constantly appearing in the newspapers. This was very satisfactory, and it was exceedingly pleasing to thmk that so many places were being erected for the worship.of God. Sanctuaries of all sires were to lie met with in the hush in places where they would be least expected. Such a great fact ought to make them extremely tliankful, and he hoped they would not prove themselves unworthy of such privileges. He trusted that God would continue to prosper them; that as apeople they would be distinguished for truth integrity, and righteousness, and that the colony would liecome a praise in all the earth. Those iinme diately engaged in the building believed that they were called on to erect it, ami had received many j proofs of encouragement. They had now put their shoulders to the wheel, trusting alone in the Most High for their ultimate success, and feeling that without Him all their efforts vvilj be of noavaiL He requested the prayers of those belonging to other denominations on their behalf, and hoped that the undertalung would redound to the praise and glory of God. He had not entertained the slightest idea of being called on to perform the dutv he had fulfilled that day. He considered it an honour to do it, hut felt inadequate to the task. He had understood that the Hon. Mr. Angas was to have laid the stsnc, and had been informed that j that lion, gentleman was chiefly preveuted from ; doing so bv the fact tliat his voice was too weak to be heard in the open air. liis sympathies were, however, as great towards them as ever, and he was expected to take the chair at their meeting that evening. The llev. J. Hassay referred to the laying of the stone, and stated that although it was a rough one no stone that could he laid upon it would possess more worth or importance. It was the first stone which liad been laid in a house to lie built for God, and it contained something that , would speak for God. Tliey could look forward to j the time when the building would he old, and its j walls perhaps overgrown with ivy, and when some ' future generation would lie desirous of knowing who had built it and what it was used for. The paper buried beneath the foundation-stone would tell to generations yet unborn when the house was built. The stoue was not only the corner-stone of a building, hut one which imaged forth the stone mentioned inthcBihle—"the corner-stone," "the precious stone." He doubted not hut that they liad chosen a good stone; and the Almighty hail selected one on which the future prospects of every one depended. He expressed his heartfelt plea sure at lieing a spectator of the ceremony, and hoped that the undertaking would receive the blessing of the Almighty. The Rev. S. Mead, Pastor of the Church, said he had intended to give a financial statement, but in order not to prolong the ceremony he would defer reading it till the evening meeting, when he would he better heard and it would come more appropriately. If any friends desired to lay their contributions 011 the stone they could do it then, and the amount would be stated at the meeting. He went on to remark that man was so constituted as to render it imperative that he should have chapels or some other places of worship. In all ages and in every country it would lie found that such had always been Hie case, and vet man was the only creature who possessed any desire for tlicm. All animals, from the bird which flies in the air to the lion which prowls in the forest, confine their thoughts to themselves; hut it was not so with men. Not content with building houses for themselves they must erect them for God, because there was something in man which always impelled him to feel that lie must worship something beyond himself. Thus it was that among the millions of India tlicre seemed to he a voice which proved that there is something in man which dircctsliim to how to a superior Being. Some in their own day had only a gorgeous ceremonial, while others lea God on worshipped God hut refused to worship His Son. Others, again, build places for the worship of genius; infidelity had her temples in the museums of science— thepain ted gallery andall that was representative of genius. The true child of God, however, only viewed these things as means l»y which lie might aspire to a conception of the Great Author of all genius, and of all that is good and true. They were engaged in erecting a temple to the Son of God revealed in the New Tc-lamcnt, and he trusted that God would grant tlicm His blessing. The reverend gentleman then concluded by offering prayer. ilie plans of the building were afterwards placed 011 tlie platform for inspection. Tlie designs have been prepared liy Mr. 11. G. Thomas, areliitect, of Greshom-place, and the wliole of the works will lie carried out, under the superintendence of the archi tect, by Messrs. English & Grown, of Adelaide. The entire eost, including site, proposed schools, fencing, and various incidental expenses, is esti mated at alio lit £5,801). The following description has been kindly supplied for publication:— "The proposed Baptist Chapel will front to Flinders-street, at the corner of Divett-place, tlie north, or principal front, lieing to Flinders-street. The area of the chapel is 5-8 feet long by a width of 48 feet in tlie interior, but with the addition of the entrance lobbies and vestries, and tbc walls and buttresses, the total length is 140 feet, with a width of CO feet. Tlie present accommodation is for 730 worshippers: but by the addition of cal leries. Tor winch there is ample height, a total of L30O can be accommodated at any future time. The lower portion of the north front is occupied by an open arcade of three pointed arches, resting on cylindrical stone columns, with boldly-carved capitals, and giving access to a loggia, from which the principattioarways open Tight and left, there being no doorway fronting the north. Above tlie arcade, and separated from it by a carved string course, is a handsome rose window, enclosed within a deeply-recessed arch, carried by columns, and hating a hood moulding. The arcade and rose window form a central portion to this front, and arc flanked by deep buttresses having tablings and pediments with caned finials. The side-aisles to the front are occupied by the lobbies and stair cases, and are coped with stone, and have windows of varied design lighting the staircases. The central gable is likewise coped with stone, and moulded. The front to Divett-place and tlie west front are similar, and are lighted by six windows on cacli side of two lights each, with varied tracery of early character and muUions with columns attached, having moulded bases and carved capitals and deep transoms. Buttresses are placed between each window of two stages, finishing under a moulded eavcscoursc—a cornice with stone brackets to sup port the rain-water si luting. A porch is intended to the Divett-place front, with separate entrance to the chapel. Attached to the chapc! and opening into it from near the platform are a large vestry or schoolroom for prcscut use and a minister's vestry; these have also separate entrances at the back. The roof is intended to be covered with galvanized iron plates, with an ornamental ridge crest, and the whole of the walls have stone copings. The interior of tlie chapel has an open timbered roof, ivith semicircular braces and tie-beams, with moulded purlincs forming panels, and is ceiled to thecollar-lieam. The braces extend below the tie beams, setting into carved stone brackets fixed between the window openings. All the roof timbers will be stained and varnished. Tlie scats for the congregation, the platform, table, Ac., will lie of cedar and polished. There will be no pulpit, but a platform will be provided for the minister with a desk, and underneath the platform a bap tistery will be formed in stone, to be supplied with water from the rcscrroir. The windows lighting the chapel are intended to have sheets of plate-glass fitted into tlie stone without frames, casements being provided for ventilation only. Berides the window casements, ample means of ventilation: are provided by movable ventilators in various situations, and also by a newly-invented arrangement of a continuous series of openings oh a level with the ceiling, forming externally asort of low clerestory. The whole of thereof is boarded and ceded under the galvanized iron, so as to resist the heat as much as possible. The style of the new building Ss early Gothic, with details somewhat 'continental and Italian in character, although plain and unpretending. Modifications due to climate and local peculiarities have been unhesitatingly introduced." TEA MEETING AND LECTUHE. - At half-paat 5 an excellent tea was provided in White's Rooms, of Which, upwards of 700 persons partook, and relays had to- he mode. After the tea- things had been cleared away and the' seats arranged, the room was very soon again completely filled to hear a lecture from, the Her. Isaac New. There could not have been less than 1,000 persons present. The Hon, U. F» Aligns, occupied the chair, and the Rev. C. W. Evan gave out the 139th hymn from the "Psalms and Hymns," com mencing " When on Sinai's topi see, after which the Rev. W. Butters engaged in prayer. Tlie Rev. Silas Mead then read the following report:— . "Treasorer's Statement. Donation of a friend to the cause ... £500 0 0 Subscriptions 1,043 7 0 Collections, Sunday, ... £42 11 3 " Monday ... 14 16 8 57 7 11 Tickets, Ac., for lecture 100 0 0 £2,300 14 11 ' This sum the same kind friend has very gene rously promised to supplement by £1,000, in addition to his former donation of £590. This makes the sum total now raised £3,30014s. lid. ESTIMATED COST. Land £400 Contract 4,sio Pewing, fencing, architect's commission 605 .£5,815 "I may be permitted to state that the ladies of the Church and congregation have worked very earnestly in order to diminish our expenditure; and I may also say that no member of our Church has been officially asked for subscriptions, but the amounts given by individual members show they hare done what they could. The appeal made to other friends for aid liavcj. on the whole, been very liberally responded to. With some few exceptions evident sympathy has been shown towards this Undertaking. \Ve are grateful for the aid. thus rendered. We arc much gratified, moreover, that this aid has been rendered without our having had recourse to methrds of raising money, which it is difficult to harmonize with the principles of Chris tian voluntaryism. That glorious principle is the basis of our action. We hold itfinnly—hold it in its integrity. We believe in it; believe in its power, believe in its adequacy to supply our re quirements, believe in its purity, believe in its Tightness; above all, we lielieve this is the I principle appointed, approred of, and blessed by the great Head of the Churcli. It is, therefore, our determination to carry it out fully aud purely.'' The Chairman said tliey had met that evening to hear a lecture by the Eev. Mr. New Mr. New had been here only a few days, but bad addressed them several times already. He was therefore so well known both here and in Melbourne, that it would be unnecessary for liim (the Chairman) to make any introductory' observation. The lecture about to" be delivered was one of great interest, as it would convey a vast amount of historical information and illustrate important doctrines of their common religion. Without further comment he would introduce to them the reverend lecturer. The Kev. Isaac New then came forward, and was greeted nitli loud applause. - He commenced by congratulating his friends connected with the movement on tlie encouraging report which had just been read. As he listened to it the thought crossed his mind that they were doing almost as well here as they were in Melbourne. He then, in commencing the lecture, referred to the power of association in visiting places rendered illustrious by striking events, and described in glowing language tire emotions experienced by Dr. Jolinson and others on viewing the romantic scenery of Scotland and ether places of historic interest. It was from that peculiarity that they became accessible to tlie thoughts and feelings of others. He alluded to Jerusalem, and said it was the excited . association connected with that place which led to tliat infatuated move ment—the crusade—which, however, had resulted in the breaking up of the feudal system. The sub jects of the lecture were next approached—Sinai, Zion, Tabor, Calvary. What significant names! How full of meaning—how replete with interest— how suggestive of thought—how pregnant with feeling, solemn hut pleasurable feeling!: He depicted the position of Moses, and the passage through the lied Sea, with its surrounding inci dents, in vivid colours. He then turned to the bondage of the Israelites, referring to their successive trials, and their guidance by the pillar of cloud until they arrived at length at a narrow defile, where, looming in the distance, they saw the gigantic rock—Sinai Moses was summoned to meet Cod there—the lightnings flashed, the thunders reverberated, and in the midst, aud above all, a supernatural voice was heard, waxing louder aud louder—the Deity descended in flame, and in a scene of terrific grandeur the Supreme Being uttered liis message—his law to nian. Such were the circumstances by which Sinai was signalized. The law there enunciated the rev. lecturer in a rapid manner glanced at and explained. He said it invested tiic human character with a peculiar importance and interest, and laid its interdict on all that was unlawful in desire. Lookiug at it apart from its Divine origin, it was a masterpiece of legislation;_ there was nothing like it; it was solitary in its excellence; it bore the image of the Deity ; it was so sublime, so equitable, so suited to the circumstances of man, so co-extensive in its application, that it bore 011 its front the expression of the Creator. It had been called by way of distinction tlie moral code, be cause it was immutable. If it were possible for tbem to believe that it was the enactment of Moses, but that ascribed by liim to God in order to obtain the obedience of the people, why then, at the ex pense of honesty, the}- must pronounce Moses to be the greatest, the wisest, the nest of legislators, lie cause in a few words lie had laid down the noblest and liest principles by which human conduct could be guided. But no; it was a trntliful account of a law divine in its origin. He next came to Mount Zion—tiic mount beautiful for situation—the joy of the earth. It w-as the tlieme of the Israelites; it was blended with their pleasurable associations; they turned their thoughts to it on all occasions; it was the home of their destination; it was the first place tliey were anxious to obtain, and tlie last to surrender—in their prosperity the}' loved it, in their calamity they clung to it, aud in their captivity tliey wept at the remembrance of it. Zion was a natural fortress, almost impregnable. It was first in the possession of the Jebusitcs: it was afterwards taken by King David, and it eventually became identified with Judea and Palestine, and was the centre of his kingdom. Another matter which made it celebrated was the fact that the "ark was placed there. Wlieu David was firmly established on his throne he returned thanks at the ark on Mount Zion. From that moment the mount be came sanctified in the memory of the Jews, and was blended with their poetry and their history. It was that which imparted a venerable sacred ness to the feelings of the Israelites for successive generations, ffe followed with an eloquent de scription of-the ark and the order of worship in connection with it. It might have been thought that be ought to have spoken of the Temple of Solomon; hut it was not upon Mount Zion. It was erected upon Mount Moriah, a lesser mount separated from Mount Zion by a valley. He acounted for the Prophets alluding to Mount Zion as if the Temple were there by the fact that from the power.of association it became customary amongtlie Jews to mention it as the seat of their solemnity. When they contemplated the circumstances connected with the Mount they need not wonder at the joyous feelings of the Israelites and the imposing nature of their religious festivi ties. There were a few thoughts which the two mountains Sinai and Zioii suggested. On the one the majesty of Uod was displayed, on the other His condescension; on the one justice uttered its demands, 011 the other mercy interceded; on the former tlicy heard His thunders of vengeance, and on the other, in the gentlest accents of a Father's voice, they were comforted by the words, "I will forgive all your iniquities. From the one the voice was heard refusing the ap proach of the Israelites; from the other they heard the words, " Draw near to me and I will draw near to you Come, let us reason together; for though your sins be as scarlet they shall be wKitc as snow, though they be red like crimson they shall lie as wool." (Applause.) He would next lead them to Tabor—the scene of the Lord's transfiguration. It was nowhere mentioned in the New Testament as the place where the transfiguration took place; hut when they rememlicred that Mount Tabor was the highest mount in the district, and that Luke said the vision occurred on a:i exceeding high mountain, together with the fact that the Saviour was in the vicinity at the time, there could be little doubt that Tabor was the scene of tlic grand and sublime occurrence. In thrill ing and graphic terms he depicted the glorious brightness of the scene, and its cll'cct upon the awe-stricken and entranced disciples as the voice from the fiery cloud was heard saving, " This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased." The transfiguration was one of the solemn acts by which Christ was inducted into office as the last great teacher and lawgiver of the human race. Awful, however, as was Mount Sinai, beautiful as was Mount Zion, glorious as was Mount Tabor, none were so deeply interesting as Mount Calvary. It was not a very great mount, but yet it was a .considerable deration. The rev. lecturer then proceeded to speak upon the great and solemn event by which the mount was chiefly celebrated—the crucifixion. He alluded to the ignoble, means taken by the murderers of Christ, and in feeling language dwdt upon His arraignment as a criminal, the insults and bufferings which He had to endure. His asso ciation on the cross with the vilest of men, and the loathsome place atwhichhc wascrucificd. The death of Jesus was voluntary on His part, though His nature shrank from the sufferings and trembled at the agonies he would have to suffer. He, however, went as a lamb to the slaughter, and ottered him self as a sacrifice for the redemption of human souls. It was a wondrous event. He did not die for Himself—there was no occasion for that. He uas the Lamb of Atonement for the salvation.of the world. There were no human means which would have answered the end for which Christ died. Had he not interposed for humanity, hu manity must have perished. The death of no finite being would have accomplished the purpose; but Jesus Christ—coequal, coetcrnal with the Everlasting Father—came that the curse on man kind might lie removed, and man saved from sin, dcatl], and hell. Calvary had a retrospective aspect. The evil of sin, the terror of guilt, the revolting aspect of pollution, together with the blending of every conceivable divine excellence, appeared nowhere as where the Saviour was crucified. It was there death was vanquished. hell conquered, the prince of darkness routed and put to shame, and where the perilous achieve ment of human redemption was effectuated. Sinai, Zion, Tabor, Calvary—magic words, mystic names, instructive themes! He glanced at their respective relations, pointing out that on one the scheme of redemption was shadowed, and on the oilier accomplished; on one hope was excited, and on the other hope was satisfied. In one sense Sinai and Zion had passed away, and Tabor and Calvary alone remained. They were no longer under the law of Moses, or the priesthood of Aaron, for they were under the authority and ; priesthood of Christ. The law of Moses, however, and the priesthood of Aaron had not passed away, hut had merged into a fuller development. He { then made a practical application of his subjects, < showing the warnings that issued from the summit j of Sinai, and turning to the overtures of love and mercy which were vouchsafed from Zion.. He concluded with a reference to Calvary, entreating all to mount it and rest there. He affirmed that no real genuine happiness could possibly be obtained but that which came from Calvary, fie would have them fix their gaze on that mount, and not wander' bevond its precincts; warning them that if they did so tlicy would involve their eternal happiness, j Cling to the cross of Christ with a determination that nothing would shake their hold—with a | tenacity that death should not take away. He ; commended their enterprise upon which they had 1 entered to the blessing of God, and resumed his ; seat amid much applause. ' l The foregoing is only a. feeble outline of Mr. New's lecture, which was characterized by a fervid. pathos, a rich and glowing eloquence that com pletely en rapt the attention of the laige audience for upwards of an hour and a halfi. The evening's proceedings were doted with a hymn and the usual benediction. - The.collection realized £2317s. 4d. .. Rbv. Isaac New.—This reverend gen tleman preached on Monday evening last,, at the Congregational Chapel, Korta Adelaide: to a huge congregation, comprising members of- all religious denominations. He selected for his text Isaiah xxjdi. 15, "Until the Spirit be poured "upon us from on high, and the wilderness be-a fruitful field, and the fruitful field be counted 5hmforest." The sermon was a most' eloquent one, and was listened" to with deep attention by the-numerous auditory. At its close a collection wusroadeon behalf of the new Baptist Chapel in FCnders-Street. Rev. Isaac New.—A spehial service was held on Tuesday evening- at the.- Lcfevre terrace "Baptist Chapel, North Adelaide: "to give the ^Church and congregation uoder-tlic- ministry of the Rev. George btoneliorse an opportunity of hearing a sermon from the Bev. Isaac-New. The - hymns were given out by the Bev. John. Hannay, and the devotional part' of the service- was con ducted by the Bev. C. Manthoroe. Mr-., New took for his text tlie last clause of the 13th-verse of the llth chapter of Hebrews—" Strangers and pilgrims on the earth." Having drawn a vivid; picture of ' the Christian's future nome in the- heavens, he ; considered the Christian's character; with respect - to his home, his condition in the light of a stranger I from home, and his course as a pilgrim to his ' home. The discourse was most twilling and ! deeply instructive, and was listened to with breath- I less attention by the large congregation. St. Pact's Church, Port Adelaide. | —The additions to this church being completed, it ; was reopened for the ^celebration of divine service ; on Sunday, December IS, when sermons appro-; priate to the occasion werepreachedin-the morning by the Lord Bishop, and in the evening by the Very Kcv. the Dean. On Monday evening a public meeting was held in the church, when, notwith standing the unfavourable state of the weather, a very large number of persons were present. The Lord Bishop took the chair on thc-occosion: the proceedings were commenced by the singing of an ar.tliem by the members of the Port Sacred Cliotal Society, by whom several other pieces were given in the course of the evening in excellent style. The Bev. C. Marryat then offered prayers, after which the Lord Bishop proceeded to congratulate the congregation on the suc cess attending the additions to the church. Mr. R. Tapley read the following report:— ** Pnnmd rtf thn Cf Panl'c O.liBroli It nlnPoomPB 1" Report of the St. Paul's Church Enlargement Committee, elected at a meeting of the seatliolders j held in this church on 7th February. 1SS1; he J Rev. C. Marryat in the chair.—It is necessary to ; commence this report by stating that, in conse- I qucnce of the congregation of tliis church having within tlie last few vearsso considerably increased very great difficulty has been experienced in pro viding scat-room, more especially for the various strangers, commanders and officers of vessels, and others who from time to time visit Port Adelaide. It was therefore considered absolutely necessary to enlarge the church -without delay, and the above Committee was formed for this purpose. After mature deliberation it was decided that this should he effected by making an addition extending trans- . verscly from the centre of the old building, so as : to make the whole when completed of a cruciform shape (in accordance with plan furnished by Mr. E. W- Wright; estimated cost .£1,200, exclusive of the chancel). Subscription lists were at once opened, and the appeal so readily responded to that in the month of May the Committee were enabled to invite Mrs. Hart to lay the foundation stone. This ceremony took place accordingly on the 23rd of the month. The contributions at this date amount to £623 6s. 2d., of which £573 4s. 2d. has been already placed in the liands of the Trea surer. The Committee have accepted the following tendersMr. John Clive's, stone and mason's work, £378 17s. 9d.; Mr. P. Reynolds, roofing, £310; the same, for flooring, windows, Ac, £212; which, with the additional sum of from £70 to £80 expending in necessary fittings, will amount to a little over £1,000; thus leaving the clinrch in debt about £400, to meet which the Committee, in ac cordance with resolution passed at a general meet- 1 ing, have determined to effect a loan to that amount. There is, however, still much to he done. The brickwork outside the church requires cement ing, the interior ceiling and plastering; and other improvements. In conclusion, the Committee beg j to call attention to the fact that from its local : position tins church has peculiar claims upon it for. accommodation, and the Committee feel that from this cause they can conscientiously appeal to all members and supporters of the Church of England throughout the colony to assist them in completing their work." Cant. Hart moved the adoption of the gratolating the members of the Church on report, congratol: the amount which had been raised. He als'o took occasion to allude to the success w-hich had hitherto attended the voluntary system, hut reminded his hearers that without united exertion it could not he expected to succeed. Mr, A. W. Cliddon se conded, and the motion was carried. The meeting was then addressed by the Rev. R. ffeetlham, who, after referring to the alteration in the building, urged tlie congregation to strengthen their minister by tlieir prayers. 'The Rev. J. Pollitt next deli vered an address on the duties of Churchmen, and was followed by the Rev. W. Andrews on the same tonic. The Rev. C. Manyat expressed his thank fulness to Cod for tlu» success which attended the building, and trusted the congregation would feel with him, and offer up their prayers. He also referred to the prospect of their sliortly being able to erect a school in connection with the church. A collection then took piacc, after which the Rev. Canon Russell addressed a few remarks on the efficacy of prayer, trusting that the congre gation would not be content with their material church, but would by their earnest offering of prayer support the spiritual church. The Lord Bishop referred with pleasure to the liberality ex- , hibited by Captain Hart, and on behalf of the < congregation tendered - Ills thanks. A vote of ; thanks to the Bishop and Clergy for their atten- I dance that evening was proposed by Mr. J. C. Hawker, and seconded by Mr. T. J. King. Captain Hart proposed a similar compliment to the mem bers of the Choral Society, and Mr. Tapley seconded. Both votes were carried by acclamation, J and a hymn and prayer concluded the meeting. j The Chief Justice.—A preliminary meeting was held on Tuesday at Aldridge's, King "William-street, for the purpose -of determining on and arranging to give a public dinner expressive of respect and regard to the Hon.. Chief Justice, Mr. R. D. Hanson, on his retirement from political life. More tlign 50 gentlemen signified their wil lingness to act as a Committee, but their names will not he published for two or three days, in order to enable others similarly inclined to act with tbem in the intended demonstration. The movement is one which will no doubt be joined in by a very large number of the colonists. Ancient. Independent Order of Druids.—The third annual dinner of the Duke of Leinster Lodge took place as the Old Colonist Inn, Norwood, on Tuesday evening, the 17th inst. About 30 brothers and friends partook of an excel lent repast provided by Host Dyke. The chair was filled liy the Mayor (Dr. Taylor), supported on his right by Mr. J. P. Boucaut, M.P.. and on his left by Mr. J. Clark. Mr. A D. Spokes acted as Vice-Chairman. The dinner having been dis patched, the Chairman commenced the more intel lectual part of the proceedings by giving the usual loyal toasts, which were all duly bonoui , . lououred. Air. J. Clark then proposed "The Parliament of South Australia" in a speech commending the toast to every one present. Mr. J. P. Boucaut, ALP., re turned thanks, remarking that the next time lie might be called on to perform that duty he hoped that he would be better acquainted with the prac tices of the House of Assembly. Air. Vincent gave "The Army and Navy," commenting in high terms on the superiority of the British navy over those of other countries, and the noble achievements of her army. Mr. Keid responded in a very amusing speech. *' The Duke of Leinster Lodge' was then given by Mr. J. Clark, who enlarged on the noble and elevating objects of such societies, and the great amount of benefit they conferred upon the widow, the orphan, and the sick. It had been said that they were for mere convivial meetings; hut he felt no hesitation in saying that the in stances of abuse were very few when compared to the great advantages accruing to their members. Brother McCarthy acknowledged the toast. He was one of the first who initiated the Lodge, and he hoped it would still continue to prosper, and that many who were present and were uot mem bers of other Lodges would join and assist them. Brother B. Mandcr gave the toast of the "Widow and Orphan Fund." P.A Dobie returned thanks, explaining the objects of the fund. Brother K. Alander gave the "Kindred Friendly Societies." D.AD. Duricu ably responded. Air. J. Clark proposed " The various Interests of South Aus tralia,"! tralia," referring to the large increase in colonial exports of every kind within the last few years, and the fact that, from the census, it appeared that the increase in the population of the colony had been greater in proportion during the last two years than when the system of immigration was in operation. The toast of " Lady AlacDonnell and the Ladies of South Australia" was introduced by Mr. Lock, and responded to Mr. J". P. Boucaut, M.P. Mr. Watt toasted "The Visitors," expressing a hope that those who were visitors that night would he brothers at their next dinner. Air. Lock acknowledged the toast in a congratu latory manner on the character of the company. Air. Watt proposed "The Press," which was re sponded to by the Beporter of the Register. "The Chairman,'" " Vice-Chairman," ana "Host and Hostess" were next severally proposed and ac knowledged. The toasts were interspersed with several capital songs, and the proceedings were conducted with the greatest harmony and de corum. Institute.—A correspondent writes as follows:—"The quarterly reunion of the members and friends of the Magd! Institute was held on the evening of Thursday, December 12; the Hon. Captain Scott, M.L.C., in the - chair. Air. W. Townsend, ALP., very successfully enter tained the meeting with his lecture on the Lights and Shadows of London Life,' the musical depart ment being well sustained by Afesdames Smart and Wishart, aided by Messrs. Heberlet and Hall, the latter gentleman having also bestowed much care in decorating the room and making prelimi nary arrangements. The meeting, which was well attended, closed shortly after 10 o'clock with the usual votes of thanks to the Chairman and those who had so efficiently contributed to the evening's amusement." West Adelaide Rifles.—A special meeting, of the West Adelaide Company was held on Wednesday evening; about 36 members pre sent. A discussion took place upon the advisa bility of forming'a brass band. Several gentlemen having volunteered to join and provide instru ! ments, it was ultimately resolved that sabscrip I tion-lists be opened amongst the members of the , company towards the expenses of the above object. Woman.—To the honour, to the eternal honour of-the sex, be it stated, that on the part of ■ duty no sacrifice is to them too high or too dear. | Nothing is with them impossible but to shrink from love, honour, innocence, and religion. The voice of pleasure or of power may ,pass by unheeded; nut the voice of affliction—never. Hie chamber of the sick, the pillow of the dying, the vigils of the dead, the altars of religion, never missed the presence or the sympathies of land woman.' Timid though she be, and so delicate that the winds of Heaven may not too roughly visit her, on such occasions sheloses all sense of danger, and assumes a preternatural courage which knows not and feara not consequences. Then she displays that "Undaunted Upirit~which neither courts difficulties nor evades them; that resigna tion which utters neither murmur nor.regret, and that patience in suffering whidi seems victorious even overdeath itself. - | Distinction is an eminence which is ! attained but too frequently at the expense of the fireside. . 