THE ABORIGINES OF AUSTRALIA. (FROM DR. LANG'S NEW WORK ON QUEENSLAND.) James Davies is the son of a Scotch black- smith, who followed his calling first in the Old Wynd, and afterwards at the Broomielaw, in the city of Glasgow, about forty years ago. The father brought up his son to his own business, but the latter turned out a bad character, and was transported to New South Wales, per the ship Minstrel, in the year 1824, being only sixteen years of age at. the time. His transportation, however, does not seem to have reformed him in any degree, for he was again transported for some colonial misdeed to the Penal Settlement at Moreton Bay. He was there employed at the forge, along with another young man in similar circumstances. The commandant at Moreton Bay at that period was Captain Logan, of the 57th Regiment, who, as I have already observed, being very zealous in the cause of geographical discovery, and accustomed to take long solitary excursions into the wild bush, was at length un- fortunately murdered by the black natives, pro- bably in revenge for some act of aggression com- mitted upon themselves by one or other of the convicts under his charge. Captain Logan was a strict and rather severe disciplinarian, and so liberal in the application of the lash, that Davies and his companion, fearing that it might shortly be their turn to be flogged, although they had never been punished in the settlement, absconded, and "took to the bush." Proceeding to the northward, they soon fell in with a numerous tribe of black natives, by whom they were kindly received, and treated with the utmost hospitality ; Davies being recognised as one of their own num- ber, who had died, or been killed some time be- fore, returned to life again. Davies is by no means good-looking as a white man ; and I was not surprised at the natives fancying he was a second avatar, or incarnation of one of themselves. The name of the native whom he was supposed to represent had been Darumboy, and this was thenceforth his native name. The recognition of the supposed relationship was attended, in the first instance, with lamentations, mingled with rejoicing ; and Davies was imme- diately adopted by the parents of Darumboy, who were still alive, and regularly supplied with fish in abundance, and any other description of provisions they happened to possess. The tribe in which Davies and his companion were thus naturalised had their usual place of habitation (if such a phrase can be used with propriety in re- ference to a migratory people, who never stay more than a few nights in any one place), at a considerable distance in the interior, although they occasionally visited the coast to vary their usual sustenance and mode of life by fishing; and it was on one of these occasional visits to the coast that Davies was found and brought back to civilised society, as I have already stated, by Mr. Andrew Petrie, after he had been upwards of fourteen years among the natives, and had long given up all thought or expectation of ever returning to the society of civilised men. His companion, however, had in the meantime, and when they had both been only a short period among the natives, fallen a victim to his ignorance of the native superstitions. For the tribe being on the coast, and encamped near some inlet of the sea, where oysters and other shell-fish were abundant, and all that were able being employed in gathering the shell-fish, Davies' companion being in want of a basket or other receptacle for those he had collected, and observing a dilly or native basket (which is usually formed of a strong native grass, very neatly plaited), hanging in the hollow of a tree close by, he took it down, and finding it con- tained only a quantity of bones, he threw them out, and filled the dilly with oysters. These bones, however, were those of a deceased native of the tribe, which had thus, in conformity with the native usage in such cases, been solemnly de- posited in their last resting-place; and the deed which the white man had done quite unconsci- ously in removing them and throwing them out was regarded by the natives as the greatest sacri- lege, and punishable only with death. The unfortunate young man was accordingly surprised and killed very shortly thereafter. Davies had, on one occasion, some time there after, very nearly fallen a victim himself to the ferocity of the natives. In their natural state they have domesticated the dingo, or native dog of the colony, and every tribe is accompanied in all its wanderings by a number of these creatures, which assist them in hunting the bandicoot and opossum, and which are generally half-starved, lean and mangy, so that “lean as a blackfeliow's dog” is the usual colonial simile for extreme poverty. They are very fond of these animals, however, especially the women, who not unfre- quently suckle the puppies along with their children. Darumboy's native mother had a favorite of this kind, as is not uncommon among her sex even in mere civilized countries, which Davies by some means accidentally killed. The loss of this animal excited the bad passions of the old savage to the highest degree, and perhaps led her to suspect the reality of the white man’s re- lationship to her family ; for she actually insti- gated her husband to murder Darumboy in revenge for the loss of her dog. This, it seems, the old man was not indisposed to do ; for, scowling at Davies, and work- ing himself up into a frenzy of passion at him, he told him he was not Darumboy, but Mawgooy, a spirit or ghost, which he intended, of course, as a term of great reproach. At all events, Davies saw that his life was no longer in safety, and that his only security lay in putting the old black fellow in bodily fear of him. So being a short, stout, powerful man, he “turned to,” as he termed it, and gave a the old sarage a sound beating — l presume with his fists, which he probably learned to use at the Broomielaw, and which even the savage, who had no idea of such close quarters, was not accustomed to use in that way, preferring a stick or a club, like the natives of the Green Isle. Having thus effectually sub- dued the old man, he exerted himself for some time thereafter in procuring a liberal supply of food for the family, and by this means he conci- liated their affections once more, and succeeded in keeping the peace. In regard to the word Mawgooy , I may mention, as an additional illus- tration of the singular diversity of languages among the aborigines of Australia, that it is not known among another tribe of black natives whom Davies visited, considerably farther north ward ; the word there for the ghost of a man being Muther, and for that of a woman Taacan. The synonyme for a ghost in another tribe which he visited was Balooyeh. I met with Davies quite accidentally at a squatter’s station, on the Pine River, where he arrived on one of the evenings I was there, along with four black na- tives. He was then in the performance of a most benevolent action. For a person of the name of Thomson having gone some time before, along with his wife and three men, in a boat, on an ex- pedition to the northward, where a vessel had been wrecked on the coast, in the expectation of finding something valuable at the wreck, and having never returned — there was a report in cir- culation in Brisbane that the four men had all been murdered by the black natives, and that the woman was still alive among them. Davies had known the parties, and commiserating the case of the poor woman, he had generously offered to pro- ceed to the spot, a distance of about two hundred and fifty miles, and to bring her back, or ascer- tain the truth concerning her. We all felt very much interested in the object; and as Darumboy struck into the forest, with his gun over his shoulder, and a kangaroo dog in a leash by his side, followed in Indian file by the four black fellows, I believe each offered a silent prayer to the Almighty for their success. Not to return to the subject, I may add that Davies, having proceeded to the spot where the murder was said to have happened, ascertained that the report had been unfounded — the boat having swamped, and all on board haying perished before reaching the land. During residence among the black fellows Davies travelled as far as he thought, as 500 miles to northward of Moreton Bay ; being passed slowly from tribe to tribe, like a blind man soliciting charity, from one farmhouse to another, in Sca... land. By every tribe, however, which he visited In his fourney he was uniformly taken for a de- ceased native returned to life again ; and arrival among any tribe that had never seen white man before was generally an event of intense interest to the natives. They would gather him in a crowd, and gaze at him for a time patently in silent awe and veneration —endeavour- ing to discover some likeness between him and any particular deceased native whom they sup- posed he resembled, asking him whether he was not that native come to life again. And when any such resemblance was recog- nized, the relatives of the deceased, if not ??? hand, were apprised of the fact, and a scene era mingled lamentation and rejoicing, such as might anticipate in such circumstances, imme- diately succeeded ; the relations of the deceased native cutting themselves with shells or sharp edged weapons, till the blood would stream and the supposed dead man come to life again being thenceforth treated with the very best the tribe could furnish. On some occasions, how- ever, the black natives could not discover any re- semblance between the white stranger and any of their deceased friends, and in these cases the probandi, in regard to the identity of his persons was thrown upon himself, as in such instances he was usually asked who he had been, or what been his name when he was a black fellow, and before he died. This was rather a difficult ques- tion for Davies to answer, without getting himself into scrapes, either by betraying his ignorance and the nomenclature of the tribe, or by exhibiting a resemblance to the individual whom he might otherwise have pretended to personate, I could not help admiring, therefore, the ingenuity with which he extricated himself out of this dilemma — for, being naturally remarkably shrewd and intelligent, his uniform answer in such cases was, that it was so long since he had died that he had quite forgotten what name he had had when he was a black man ; and with that answer the simple natives were always satisfied. But the manner in which the aborigines of the northern districts generally dispose of the death appeared to me to be the most important point dual which the evidence of Davies could be brought aw bear; and it will doubtless be horrifying to the reader to learn from that evidence, corroborated as it is by Independent and unquestionable testa- mony, that in that part of Queensland the body of the dead, whether they fail in battle or died a natural death, are, with the exception of the bodies of old men and women, uniformly eaten by the survivors. The fights of the aborigines are frequent, and occasionally bloody ; and on some occasions the dead, of both parties of the com- batants, are carried off, skinned, roasted, and eaten by their respective friends. Davies bon seen as many as ten or twelve dead bodies brought off by one of the parties engaged, after one of these fights, all of which were skinned, roasted and eaten by the survivors. And when I observed that so large a quantity of human flesh could surely be consumed at once he replied that there were so many always assembled on such occa- sions, that the bodies of the dead were cut up, eaten in a twinkling, there being scarcely a morsel for each. When the dead body of a person has either fallen in battle, or has died a natural death, is to be subjected to this horrid process, it is stretched out on its back, and a fire lighted on each side of it. Firebrands are then passed fully over the whole body, till its entire surface thoroughly scorched. The cuticle, consisting of the epidermis or scarfskin, and the retic?? mocomum, or mucous membrane of Ma'pighi, which the coloring matter of the skin is con- tained, is then peeled off, sometimes with pointed sticks, sometimes with muscle-shells, and some- times even with the finger nails, and then placed in a basket or dilly to be preserved. And as cutis vera, or true skin, is, in all varieties of — Geelong Chronicle, 3rd August. —M. A . Mail, 2nd August. — Bathurst Free Press, 27th July. human family, perfectly white, the corpse then appears of that color all over; and I have no doubt whatever that it is this peculiar and ghastly appearance which the dead body of a black man uniformly assumes under this singular treatment, and with which the aborigines must be quite familiar wherever the practice obtains, that has suggested to them the ideai that white men are merely their forefathers returned to life again ; the supposition that par- ticular white men are particular deceased natives, known to the aborigines when alive, being merely this idea carried out to its natural result, under the influence of a heated imagination. There is rea- son to believe, a converso, that wherever this idea prevails, the practice in which it has ori- ginated — that of peeling off the cuticle previous to the other parts of the process to be described here- after — is still prevalent also, or has been so, at least very recently. After the dead body has been subjected to the process of scorching with firebrands, it becomes so very stiff as almost to be capable of standing upright of itself. If the sub- ject happens to be a male, the subsequent part of the process is performed by females; but if a female, it is performed by males. The body is then extended upon its face, and certain parties, who have been hitherto sitting apart in solemn confidence (for the whole affair is conducted with the stillness of a funeral solemnity), step forward, and with a red pigment, which shows very strongly upon the white ground, draw lines down the back and along the arms from each shoulder down lo the wrist. These parties then retire, and others, who have previously been sitting apart in solemn silence, step forward in like manner, and with shells cut through the cutis vera , or true skin,along these lines. The entire skin of the body is then stripped off in one piece, including the ears and the finger-nails, with the scalp, but not the skin of the face, which is cut off. This whole process is performed with incredible expe- dition, and the skin is then stretched out on two , spears to dry, the process being sometimes by lighting a fire under the skin. Pre- vious to this operation, however, the skin is re- stored to its natural color, by being anointed all over with a mixture of grease and charcoal, when the body has thus been completely flayed, and dissectors step forward and cut it up. The legs are first cut off at the thighs, then each arm at the shoulder, and last of all the head ; not a drop of blood appearing during the process. The larger sections are then subdivided and portioned out among the ex- pectant multitude, each of whom takes his portion to one or other of the fires, and when half roasted devours it with great apparent relish. The flesh of the natives in the northern country generally is very fat, and that of children, which are never skinned like adults, particularly so. Davies has often seen a black fellow holding his portion of his fellow-creature's dead body to the ???ere in one hand on a branch or piece of wood stuck through it like a fork or skewer, with a shell or hollow piece of bark under it in the other, to receive the melted fat that dropped from it, and drinking it up when he had caught a sufficient quantity to form a draught with the greatest gusto. In this way the body disappears with incredible rapidity, the bones being very soon cleaned of every particle of flesh. The bones are then carefully collected and placed in a dilly basket, and forwarded by a trusty person to all the neighboring tribes, in each of which they are mourned over successively for a time by those to whom the deceased was known, They are then returned to the tribe to which the deceased belonged, and carried about by his relatives for months, or even years, till at length they are deposited perma- nently in a hollow tree, from which it is esteemed pardonable sacrilege, as appears from the fate of Davies' companion, to remove them. If the deceased has fallen in battle there is no coroner's quest, so to speak, held on the, subject of his death ; but if he has died a natural death, in the youth or manhood, it is always presumed by the natives that his dissolution has been brought about by some unfair means — by witch- craft or sorcery, of course — and an inquiry into the cause of it is instituted accordingly. With this view the soothsayer or exorcist of the tribe, or some person corresponding to the priest Chalcas in the Grecian army under the walls of Troy (for superstition is remarkably con- sistent with itself in its development in all ages), carries round the skin, along with certain attendants, with the two spears on which it has been stretched out and dried, in the corrobbory, or general assembly of the natives, which is always held on these occasions ; and stopping at every step as he comes up to another and another black native in the extended circle, he pretends to ask the skin if this was the man who killed him. If the answer which the skin is alleged to return, and which, of course, is audible to the soothsayer exclusively, declares the innocence of the individual, the procession passes on, and the question is repeated before the next native. At length there is some unfortunate individual found, whom the skin of the dead man is alleged by the soothsayer to have accused of killing him, and the fact is significantly announced to the corrobbory, by the soothsayer striking the two spears into the ground, with the skin distended upon them before the alleged culprit. The latter is thenceforth marked out for death, and though nothing should be done to him at the time, he is sure to be eventually surprised and killed, and his body to be disposed of in the same way. The skins of the deceased are carefully preserved among the tribe, and, as I have already observed, are frequently placed either under or over sick persons, as an effectual specific against witchcraft or sor- cery. The aborigines of Australia, are, therefore, decided cannibals; the general mode of disposing of the dead being the one I have described, and the exceptions being merely the cases of old men and women dying of the infirmities of age. In the latter cases the bodies are either buried, burned, suspended on trees, or left to dissolve into their original elements in the hollows of trees. Davies acquits the northern natives of infanticide, of which some of those elsewhere are certainly guilty, and denies that they ever put old people to death; their relatives generally providing for them, and holding them in great reverence. He maintains, also, that they never put any one to death merely for the love of human flesh ; but the customs of their country and their race, from time immemorial, render it incumbent upon them, and a sacred duty, to devour the dead bodies of their relatives and friends in the manner I have described; even the dead body of an enemy slain in battle is never eaten by his enemies, but by his own tribe and friends. In one instance, within his own knowledge, the child of a black man and woman having died in the evening, its parents had devoured nearly the whole body by the morning. At the corrobories that are always held on the occasion of these feasts upon the dead, the women chaunt songs or dirges, and strike upon their thighs with the palms of their hands by way of accompaniment. At a station at which I was staying, there were three interesting native girls, about ten or eleven years of age, the grand- daughters of the old chief of the district, who, by way of compliment to me, struck up a song of this kind as they were sitting on a bench close by the door of the house at which I was standing at the time, striking their thighs in the way I have described, and standing up to- gether and leaping and clapping their hands in concert, as they became animated. The cadence was very simple, wild, and melodious, and re- minded me strongly of some of the plaintive airs of the Highlands of Scotland. Dr Johnson, —A young clergyman, very defi- cient in learning, complained to Dr Johnson that somehow or other he had lost all his Greek. " I suppose," said the Doctor, “ it was at the time I lost my great estate in Yorkshire." Home hade Watches. —An American, adver tising his watches, says :— ** The difference be tween the Imported and the American watch, is, that the former owes its success to fcith, and the latter to good works." Exchange op Animals. —We have heard cn. authority which we almost incline to believe, that It is the intention of the Acclimatisation Society to exchange the following fish with its sister society in Prance :—Two sperm whales,, male and female; two tiger sharks, male and female; two shovel-nosed sharks, male and fe male ; and twenty four toadfish, male and female. These fish will most likely be forwarded by the next ship of Bright’s line of clippers—the tank in which they will bo transmitted being newly fitted up. In exchange for these finny treasures,, the Colonial Society have solicited the following animals * —Two gorillas, two tigers, tw'o hyenas, two rattlesnakes, two boa constrictors, and a number of skunks, or stinking foxes. Hi 3re ia some probability, therefore, that the colony will ere long benefit by the labours of the Philosophi i cal Association. Attempted Suicide. — Yesterday, about two o'clock, the usual quiet of Castlemninc was dis turbed by a report that Mr Frederick Nalder, an engrossing clerk and law-stationer, who has been carrying on business in Kclsall’s Buildings, had attempted suicide by cutting his throat. It ap peared that a person called upon the unfortunate man on i-ome matter of business, and on entering the office found him lying on the floor apparently asleep, bur on going up to him was horrified to find him lying in a pool of blood, with a dreadful gash in his throat. A razor with which he had committed the deed lay near him, and on exami nation it was found that he had completely severed the windpipe and wounded the jugular vein, but had by some means escaped the carotid artery. An alarm was instantly raised, medical assistance obtained, and the wounded man, after having received the immediate necessary care> was sent to the Hospital. Though up to the latest accounts he was alive, there are great fears that the unhappy man cannot survive. He is well known in the district, having resided here a long time, and was formerly clerk in the office of Mr Paynter. the well-known solicitor. Human Bones Found in the Bush.—la our issue of 4th July, 1860, wc reported that great excitement existed in the neighborhood of Bunn's* Plains, arising from the fact that a little boy about live years old, named John Edwards, the son of Mr Thomas Edwards, a resident of that place, was lost in the bush on Friday, the 29ih June. About thirty persons, troopers and others, were engaged during scven or eight days in scouring the country for miles round the spot, but they did not succeed in finding the poor little fellow, and believing that he must have died from cold and starvation, the search was at length given up. A. few days ago a person named Symons was looking for some horses on the dividing ranges, neer Mul gunnia, when he observed a quantity of human bones scattered upon the ground. Fiom the size and appearance of the skeleton, Symons was convinced they were the remains of the poor little fellow who was lost in June, last year; he at once through the medium of Mr Burns, communicated with fii© father, who, on proceeding to the spot, found (he hat and a piece of the plaid frock worn by the child when he wandered from home, and which he recognised. The facts of the case were at once made known to Mr Keightly, P.M. at Campbell's River, and with his consent the bones were collected, placed in a box and given to the father. Mr John Chesher came into Bathurst and gave rnformation of the circumstance to the district coroner, who no doubt will cause an in quiry to be held. Wo understand that from the knees and from the elbows downwards, the bones are all missing ; but in other respects the skeleton appears complete. The bones were found not more than five miles from the residence of Mr Edwards, and as so many persons were engaged in the search, immediately after the child had strayed, it is somewhat surprising that lie was not then discovered. PiiOPEssBD Wm, though they are generally courted for the amusement they afford, are seldom respected for tho qualities they possess. 