MATCH for £20 a sido, bctwoon Midge and Dover. This event, which for some weeks past rna been causing so much excitement, came ofT, according^ to agreement, on tho 1st February, over tho South Brisbano course. Tho weather was all that could be desired, and thc at - tendance numerous. At about a quarter to 10 tho horses with their respective riders made thoir appearance at thc' weighing yard ¡ Dover being immediately made tho favorite, w'hich his really good condition fully entitled him to. TIio maro looked hard mid well, but shewed by the roughness of her coat and genoral appearance that she had not had one-half the attention paid her that had bcon bestowed on tho horse. Still lier party seemed very confident, they having great faith in her staying Ílowers, whilst tho horse's advanced ago was much against lim. A great deal of money had been invested on thu event, the horso having rather the call in tho betting, although tlio odds might bo considered merely nominal. Tho contest was a severo one, and al- though the horse was beaten, tho greatest credit 'is duo to tho parties who brought him out, no pains hav- ing bcon spared to make him as flt as possible, the match was also a sporting ono and deserving of success, as from tho running of Dover with tho mare nt tho last Brisbane meeting no one but those interested thought ho had the ghost of a chance. Tho race took place as follows : Miren for . £20 a side j heats, half a milo; weight, lOst. Ur. KInseln's m m Midge, aged.Graham 1 1 Peterson'* kr g Dover, aged............Mr, Wood 2 2 Thrat heat.-Betting: 3 to 2 on Dover. Both hornos appeared vory restive, and voquirod to bc lcd to tho Btart. After a failure they got badly away, tho maro having the best of it hy some 3 lengths; boforo'going far, howevor, she was collared by tho horse, and at tho rise of tho first hill, Dover was lying at her qunrters pulling doublo ; down tho hill they wont a rattlor, tho maro forcing the running at her best pace, and lending over tho creek, when she was pulled round to avoid tho hill. Tho horse, however, kept straight on, and took tho ditch at tho foot of the second hill at a jump, thereby gaining a lead of a couple of lengths from thojnnre, whose rider appeared nervous, and ran some yards farther than necessary so os to cross tho ditch where it had been filled up; in coming into tho straight running thc horse still led until within a. couplo of longtlis of tho winning post, when ho tired, and thus enabled thc maro to win on the post by a bare head. j Second lient.-Betting : any odds on Midge. This licet wa» morely a repetition of tho previous ono, the rider of the horso doing all in lib power to keep him going long enough, and racing from tho jump, lt wu's' no uso, however, tho maro collared him about 50 yardâ from the winning post, when finding Iiis cluuico hopeless ho wisely pulled off instead of uselessly punishing . his horse as is the fashion with most would-be jockeys. Nobody being inclined to go home with half a day's sport, a hurry ' scurry was immediately got up, viz., n I swoop, of 5s. .each j catch weights; heats; in which oight horses started; tho winner being Mr. Froony's b g Bob, who won both.first and second heats easily. Tho day was wound up with a foot race and a race with a wheelbarrow ; ? both of wliich were ?well contested and caused much amusement. . Brisbane, 14th Fobrunry, 