FRENCH PLAYS. (from THE SATURDAY _t_rVTEW.)* In one of the reviews of Sir Walter Scott's Ivanhoe, a doubt was expressed whether, on the supposition of such a state of life as that cele brated novel depicts,society could have progressed at all—whether Saxon and Norman would not have been improved off tho face of this island by a process similar to that which resulted in the destruction of the Kilkenny cats. A doubt of somewhat the same kind, but not precisely identical, arises when we witness the perform- ance of M. Emile Augier's last new comedy " Les Effrontés," our acquaintance with which has been renewed at tho St. James's Theatre. Ii the story of this singular work, wo do not see pro figured an internecine war which will end in thi destruction of individuals. On the contrary the prevailing tone is one of excessive mercy and forbearance. But we are led to ap prehend such an utter dissolution of thosi links by which individuals become members of an aggregate body, that society will be as com pletely destroyed as by a course of wholesale slaughter. We feel ourselves quietly gliding back to a condition in which men will be like Epicurean atoms, without that clinamen which tho antique philosopher devised to render their combination possible. When, in tho days of our fathers, a play was stigmatized as immoral, the alleged immorality consisted in making tho transgressor so interest- ing or so amusing that the sympathies of the audience were on his side rather than on that of the law transgressed. Thus, in the " Stranger," the charitable disposition and the penitent, of Mrs, Haller are rendered so prominent as to beget a wish that tho penalty imposed by society upon faithless wives may be remitted in her favour ; and when she is pardoned by her hus- band, in the last scene, the clemency of the in- dulgent gentleman is in perfect accordance with the feelings of the pit. The witty profligates in the comedies produced under the later Stuarts fre qnently appear to be impelled by a love of sin for its own sake, just as St. Augustine, in his boyhood, persisted in stealing pears from his neighbours orchards, although those that grew on his father's premises were infinitely more delicious. Scape graces as they are, they mean to be wicked, and they perfectly succeed ; and as they made their first bow to a public which was exceedingly tole- rant of wickedness provided it expressed itself in brilliant language, or involved the sinner in funny adventures, they were for a time held in consider- able estimation. But neither the wits nor the sentimentalists, with all their immorality, contemplated the sub- version of the recognized moral law, and tbo sub- stitution of another in its place. Kofzebue did not expect his audience to admire Mrs. Hallet (or, as he called her, Mrs. Winter) because she was an adultress, but he endowed her with many good qualities, in the hope that her great sin would be in some measure counterbalanced, and that the verdict ol humanity would pronounce her guilty under ex- tenuating circumstances. In fact, the writers of what was once called the German school pro- ceeded on a principle strongly resembling that of the casuistical Jesuits, who is such a conspicuous figure in the Provincial Letters of Pascal. Both the lachrymose dramatist and tho too lenient con fessor admitted tho validity of the general law, tilt they were ingenious in finding exceptional cases to which it seemed scarcely applieable in its full rigour ; and they might thus be com- pared to a potentate who theoretically maintains a stringent criminal code, but weakens its force by too free a use of tho prerogative of pardon. The writers of tho Wycherley and Congreve school were even less bent upon a subversion of the moral code. Their heroes sinned because they found it pleasanter to break than to keep a law, and becauae tho collision between law and in- clination furnished an occasion for droll incidents. But as for a code which should declare adultery to be honourable, and oven virtuous, they no more thought of such a thing than fruit-stealing urchins, from St. Augustine downwards, have intended deliberately to carry out M. Proudhon's immortal maxim—La propriété c'est le vol. It is in Imperial France that we must seek the means of correcting our old-fashioned notions of right and wrong, and of learning that actions which in our innocence we have hitherto regarded as indications of shameless wickedness, have their source in a severe sense of honour. In Les Effrontés tho author does not essay to show us how an erring individual may be interesting though he stands in direct antagonism to a social law; still less does he tempt us to hold our rea son in abeyance while he indulges us with the luxury of a hearty laugh-as all will find to their cost who bravely sit out his solemn and lengthy acts. He initiates us into tho mysteries of a new social code, and far from startling us by colli- sions, he shows its a number of individuals whose acts are in perfect harmony with its severest re- gulations. The virtuous hero of the tale is M. Sergine, the model of what a "gentleman of tho press" ought to be according to tho most exalted notions. No sooner does the journal for which this excellent person writes fall into the hands of the wicked hero of the piece, M. Vernouillet (supposed to represent tho unhappy M. Mires), than he instantly breaks off all connexion with it, and wonders why there is not a general council of the French press, invested with tho power of excluding unworthy proprietors. As the South Carolinian became a seceder tho very moment he heard of Mr. Lincoln's election, so does M. Sergine bid farewell to the Conscience Publique as soon as it is associated with tho name of Vor nouillet. But tho distinctive excellence of M. Sergine is shown in his conduct towards tho Marchioness d'Auberive, an amiable lady whom he has seduced from her husband, and with whom he maintains a liaison, which, though perfectly known to all tho world, including tho husband, is conducted on such high principles that society regards it with respectful silence, and The marchioness is admitted into the most fas- tidious circles. In course of time Serginee be- comes tant soit peu, weary of his aristocratic mistress, and falls in love with a marriageable young lady.. He even appears less frequently in public with tho marchioness than tho new code of propriety demands, and she becomes fearful lest the censorious world should begin to talk, But so far is he from any serious thought of deserting tho cumbrous lady, that when she im- plores him to be present in her box during a per- formance of " Guillaume Tell," at tho Opera, he at once complies with her request. Thus we learn, that, according to tho new code of morals, a married lady does not forfeit her character by forming a liaison with an estimable single gen- tleman, provided she makes the liaison as con- spicuous as possible; but her reputation is irre- trievably damaged if there is tho least suspicion that a coolness has arisen between her and her lover. The old Decalogue is improved by an eleventh commandment, which informs us that, if we have unhappily broken tho seventh, and eloped with our neighbour's wife, we are bound, not only to keep up the connexion as long as we live, but to let tho world see plainly that it is not broken off. Chicken-hearted libertines who would oscillate between the old and tho new codes—indulging in an intrigue sub rosa, and taking care that no one finds it out-should mend their evil ways, and receive a lesson from the admirable Sergine and his immaculate mar- chioness. In his " Gabrielle"-the play which gained tho Montgiron prize-M. Augier showed us that he could, if he pleased, make a lady's husband more interesting than her illicit lover. In " Loti Effrontés" he goes more impartially to work, and shows that our sympathies may fairly be divided between the two. Sergine with all his virtue is not a whit superior to the Marquis d'Auberive, the marchioness's admirable husband. This worthy noble belongs, as he fancies, to the old regime, and he observes with malicious com- placency the commercial frauds by which tho bourgeois, tho triumphant enemies of his order, are demolishing each other. But by his own conduct he evinces his perfect willingness to conform to the new code by which the more enlightened society of the nineteenth century is governed. He does not in the least resent the se- duction of his wife by Sergine, but, avoiding a dis- agreeable éclat, quietly abandons her to her excel lent lover, for whom he preserves so high an esteem that he politely tells him he will make a point of reading his articles in whatever journal they may appear. Nor must it be supposed that he com- pletely cuts the Marchioness. He recollects that he is not only her husband, but her relative, the head of her family; and in that capacity he pays her an occasional visit, makes good any losses she may have sustained through imprudent specula- tions, and warns her against any step by which her commercial reputation may be compromised. To designate a husband of. this description, coarse old English writers were wont to employ the ugly, and fortunately obsolete, word " wittol ;" nor do we find that they ever intended the expression to convey a compliment. Had they taken lessons in the new school, they would have perceived that, in their dense igno rance, they were sneering at the sublimest of human virtues. We may observe, by the way, that in the piece,as written by M. Augier, tho Marquis is his wife's uncle, and that, through fear of offending English taste, the relationship has been changed at tho St. James's Theatre into that of cousin. The alteration was hardly needed. If the functions of a husband simply consist in paying a lady's debts, and encouraging her to live with another man, we do not see that the slightest objection can reasonably be made to tho marriage of a gentleman with his grand mother. Œdipus himself might have gone peace- fully to his grave, with a pair of eyes in his head, if he had been properly disciplined in our new morality. . Some veteran fire-eater will perhaps attribute the conduct of the Marquis to the abolition of the the law of the duello. He will be grievously mis taken. The gallant noble can fight like a Bayard when his honour is concerned; but in this is not -Ti i tee- byhor'lO'.ji'.O'H /ic'.<).! with an honest man, there is no casus belli between him and M. Sergine. His valour comes into operation when the villain Vernonillet, offended by the Mar- chioness, puts in his journal a feuilleton in which allusion is made to the liaison in terms not to be mistaken. He at once challenges the truthful calumniator, and wounds him in single combat. And here let us observe a peculiar refinement of the new school of morality. An illicit connexion between a gentleman and lady may be talked. about all over the world—nay, a grievous sin is committed if it is allowed to vanish from the public view ; but no reference must be made to it in type. Printing ink is like pitch, and de- files where it touches. We have not given the plot of " Les Effrontés," nor even pointed out the special purpose of the author, which is to expose unscrupulous specula- tors of the class of which M. Mirés is a well known specimen. All that we have described simply refers to the moral basis on which M. Augier proceeds, and which, far from attempting: to justify, he expects will be received as a matter- . of course by his audience. He evidently means to be as harmless and as instructively didactic as any Richard Cumberland ; but such, we must gather is the social condition of his public, that he has produced a work which, in tho estimation of old fashioned folk, will appear exceptionally im- moral, even among the immoralities of the modern French stage. " Les Effrontés" has been the last production of decided importance at the St. James-. Theatre; but, as a histrionic curiosity, we have had a performance of Hamlet by M.Rouvière This gentleman played the character when M. Dumas first exhibited his version of Shakspeare's tragedy at the Theatre Historique, and improved the " divine Williams" by making: the Ghost appear at tho end of the play, and lecture every one of the principal personages on the stage. Admitting M. Rouvière's point of view, we may grant that his acting is not devoid of intelligence; but then the point of view is itself so hard to admit. Notwithstanding the sonorous verses in which M. Dumas has written. his adaptation, M. Rouvière makes of the hero one of those thoroughly physical, non-ideal beings who are the delight of the Transpontine public. When he has " caught the conscience of the King" by means of the play, he literally jumps with joy. The terror occasioned by the second apparition of the Ghost doubles him up like an attack of colic ; and when he informs Rosencrantz and Guilderstern that he knows a hawk from a hernshaw (respectively translated "chouette "and "hibou") he deals to each of them a smart blow in the pit of the stomach, as if to indicate that they themselves are the birds between whom he can discriminate. Possibly all this may be thought very fine at the Porte Saint Martin, but it will scarcely be relished at the West-end of London. Unïi_ial Cubs.-Lord David fired and strucic the old bear in the back, completely paralysing; her. We then scrambled through the icy mud. up to where she lay, and despatched her, __._. cubs, quite black with mud, and shivering wit__ cold, lay upon the body of thoir mother, growling: viciously, and would not allow us to touch them,, vntil tbo men, bringing a couple of tho walrus lines from the boat, threw nooses over their heads and secured thom tightly, coupling theme together like a brace of dogs. They wero about- . the Bizo of colley dogs, and no. sooner did tboy feel themselves fast than, quite regardless of otur prceence, they began a furious combat with ones another, and rolled about amongst the mud, bit- ing, struggling, and roaring, until thoy wero quite* exhausted. I before mentioned a strong instances of maternal affection on the part of a walrus, anti tb'iB old boar had nlso sacrificed her life to hex cubs, ns she could have escaped without difficulty if sbo had bot so magnanimously remained wiu_ thero ; but I am sorry now to havo to record thee most horrible case of filial ingratitude that evei csrae under my observation. When we proceede_> to open the old bear for the purpose of Bkinning: her, tho two young demons of cubs-having now, by a good mutual worrying, settled their differ- ences with one another-began to devour theúr too devoted parent, and aciually made a hearty meal off her smoking entrails. When wo finish«« ' tkinning her tho cubssnt tlownupon the bkin,a__: resolutely refused to leave it, so wo dragged the- il--, with the tubs silting on it, like a sledge to the boat, and after another tussle with thero, inc. the course of which they severely bit arxfc rcratched some of tho men, wc got them ti-dfe. . own under the thwarts of the boat, and con- veyed them on board the sloop. On deck there. ' lay tho skin of the bear I bad shot the day before» arid the two cubs, on being hoisted up, seemed at. once to recognize in it tho jacket of nn acquaint- ance-perhaps their papa's-and settling tbena f elves tjuictly down upon it they went to sleep» Immediately. In the course of the day we got as. sort of orib made for thom on deck out of some 8T\aro spars and pieces of drift wood, aud while tncywore being thrust into it they resisted so furiously that one could almost imagine they knew .they wero bidding adieu for ever to tkofresi». breezes and the iey waters of Spitzbergen. Zamont'a Seasons with the Sea-horses. Animal Lipk in the Deep Sea.- -M. Al- phonse Milne Edwards (son of the eminent pro lessor), at a recent meeting of tbo Frenetr Academy of Science, read some observations oat. certain mollusks and zoophitcs discovered ta- tt ry great depths in tho Mediterranean Sea. -hese researches are in continuation especially of (hose of Edward Forbes and also Dr. G. C Walboh, whose lecture at the Royal Instilutic«-' wo reported on Feb. 2 last (p. 97). Thero cxj___ letvicen Iho If-le of Sardinia and tho Algeria»* tonst a large submarine valley, whero tbo sea presents a depth of between 3000 and 4000 yards,. . into which the electric cable between Bona (ine Africa) and Cnglir.ra in Sardinia) has descended. Aftir two years' repose, this cable was taken up. It unfortunately broke, and part only was raised^, portions of which wero Btibjectcd to examination ty M. A. Milne Edwards, Among tbo forcign. LcditB adhering to it wero several polypes nn«-'. pholis which evidently lived unril the moment of" their emerging f lorn the water. One of these wa» a t>pecieR of oyster (oslrca uochlear) abundantly net with in iho Mediterranean, and known to in- habit deep seas, since the cornl-iii-hcrs, who, sink (heir apparatus to the deptli of 100 or MOyartts,... frequently bring it up. Tho animal had evidently" fixed itself on the cabio when very young, aud h_c_ there developed itself and attained tho adult age-, for its lower vnlvo was completely moulded to the mrfacoof this cylindrical bodyi and was thus de- formed in order to embrace half ii s circumference-. The corallines found were especially interesting There were fourteen individuals, chiefly beloiiging to the turbinolidcs. M. Edwards) denominates s_ new species Thalnssiatroohus Ti- legraphicus (lites lally, the telegraphic sea circular runner] in order io recall its habitation and the circumstances un- der which it waa found. There bax thus beet., discovered in the deep sea in a living Btate a con- siderable number of animalB whoso habits art* completoly sedentary and which nearly all belong: io species considered very rare or which bavt hitherto escaped the researches of zoologists. These results are aliko interesting in relation tt. geology, to the natural history of tho invertebrate, als, ! animals, and to physiology, inasmuch ns the fact ib now established that molluscous animals cast. exist under a pressuro of moro than 200 afc nospheres, nnd in a place where light cannot; ( nter in any notable quantity.-Illustrated Lon- don News, Aug. 10. Alleged Murder at BEiraETSDOiir (C_._s_. OF GOOD Hope).-There has been a rumo_r flying about the oity for the last two or three days of a woman, the wife of a mon living near Muller's Vley, having been murdered by navvies^. "Unfortunately, thero is no telegraphic com- munication just now between Cape Town andi Klapmuta, and hence we were unable to got at- ibe truth of the statement until last evening,. Tbo circumstances, as far as we can leam theory, are these :-A navvy, named Pearson, lived with» hiß wife in tho village of Bcnnotsdorp, and oor Tuesday evening last he turned hie wiro out ofr doors, and would not permit her to come bock, to the house. The weather was very severe. it was cold and rainy; and whilst she with- standing shivering in toe cold at some distaneo Ircm the house, bix or seven navvies came up ta- ber and commenced handling hor in an un- it emly manner, and concluded by every ono of llicm committing a foul assault upon her. Toe poor creature screamed for help until she v>as^ quito exhausted, but nothing deterred the un- manly brutes from accomplishing their foul pnr poi e. Whilst this was going on, a man who Itnovp c olh the woman and toe mon carno up, bnt ho W8B afraid to interfere by himself and went ofi_nc_ fetched tho husband, who carno to lier rcsouo. When ho came, ho found one of ibts men still struggling with her on the ground, butt the fellow made off. Pearson found that his wife> bad been so maltreated that sho w.is com- . pletely exhausted, and could hardly speak. She was carried into tho house, and died shortly.ifter^ One of the fellows was captured noxt day, by Mr. Robert Hare, of Groentontein. Ho is noir at gaol at the Paarl. Dr. Zoederberg( whoexaminetE the corpse, is of opinion, we aro informed, tb.at nlthough the woman was dreadfully maîtres I »d,. ihe immediato cause of death ia moro attribu iirj!e= to exposure to the severity of tho woather thin. ' anything else The police of Cape Town haa-ci* been exceedingly active sinco the rumour reached, them, in order to provent the guilty parrie.« from, leaving the colony, but up to this time they haves . received no official report of tho ooourrenee. Thiss is exceedingly remiss of the Paarl magistrate. Cope Argus, Aug. 3. . Cubious Claim.-Drs. H. Thompson arid H Goodall have addressed letters to the Secretary of Btote for War claiming respectively JEl,00O)' and £1,500 from the Government for breach of? - contract, they having (as Indo-Britons, we pre-« sumo) como from India and qualified themselves ' for medical appointments in the army on tbe* faith of itiducanicnls held out, but tit n «hiKjp qucnt pr-riod MiddiKily ¡oseii.d- ',-/..'ttsiratoï ¿Gillio» Kites, Aug. 10. 