HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. it'ESDAY. SEPTEMBER .}. government uusiness: urders of tue Day:— 1\. Estimates: consideration of. in Committee. 2\. The Treasurer (Mr. Reynolds) to move— 'The second rending of the Waste Lands Sales Act Amendment ism. othek Business: Notice of Motion:— 1\. Mr. Mildred to move— ' That the petition presented by him on the 2Sth August, from the Corporation of Kensington and Norwood, be printed. Other Business: Orders of the Day:— 1\. Mr. A. Blytii to move— ' That the Wallaroo Jetty and Railway Bill he now read a second time.' 2\. Municipal Corporations Act Amendment Bill : in Committee. 3\. South Australian Gas Company's Bill : in Committee. 4\. Electoral Act Amendment Bill: in Com mittee. Other Business : Notice of Motion (Lapsed KHOM Fill DAY LAST):— 1\. Mr. Grundy— ? 'That he will ask the Honourable the Commis sioner of Public Works (Mr. Hay)— 'I. Why so huge a contract as the 'Goods Railway Contract' should he rendered onerous by adding thereto the trafiie of the Gawler and Kanunda lines, which persons might he willing to undertake separately ? '11. Why it is proposed by Government to allow the option of sending in tenders for periods ex tending over four and seven years? ' in. Whether the operations of any contractor for the City ant} Port ' ( Joods Contract would not he greatly facilitated by the formation of a loop line between the North Adelaide Station and that at Bowtlen (called the ' Hindmarsh Station' by the Manager of Railways), by whom the formation of such loop line is recommended in his recent report? and 'iv. Whether the operations of contractors would not he facilitated, the current expenditure of the Railway Department materially diminished, and time much economized, by the immediate construction ot a nrancn line irom tlie Dry Creek Station to Port Adelaide, as suggested in the afore said report/' Other Business: Orders of the Day (latsed from friday last):— 1\. Report of Select Committee on recent deci sions of Judge Boothby and on the validity of the Real Property and other Acts to be biought up. 2\. Mr. Cog lin to move— 'That, in the opinion of this House, all con victed prisoners, having served one half of their sentence in this colony, should have a tieketof leave granted to them, provided they be reported by the Superintendent aa persons of good con duct.' Wednesday, September 4. Notices of M otion : — 1\. Mr. MiLXEto move— 'That this House will, on Friday, 6th Sep tember, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole for the purpose of considering the petition of certain ratepayers of the District of East Torrens, respecting the Greenhill-road, and the motion— 4 That an address lie presented to His Excellency the Governor-in-Chief, praying HLs Excellency to cause a sum of 1,500/. to be placed on the Estimates for 1861-2, for tho purpose of completing such portions of the Greenhill-road as are indis pensable to render it passable.' ' 2\. Mr. Coglin to move— ' That, in the opinion of this House, it is de sirable that the Hospital promised by the Treasurer last session should be at once erected.' Order of the Day :— 1\. Consideration in Committee of motion of Mr. McEllister— 'That an address he presented to His Excellency the Governor-in-Chief, praying HLs Excellency to cause a sum of 3,000/. to l«j placed on tlie Esti mates for 1861-2, for the purpose of repairing the southern portion of the Great North-road, in com pliance with the praver of ,128 petitioners. (Paper No. 152.) Thursday, Septembers. Government Business : Order of the Day:— 1\. The Treasurer (Mr. Reynolds) to move— 'ThatthislHou.se will, on Friday, Gth September, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole for the purpose of considering the following resolu tions, vlz. :— ' ' 1. Thai this Committee— fully recognising the long, efficient, and faithful services of Sir Charles Cooper, the present Chief Justice of the Province —considers that His Honor's request to be allowed to retire from the Bencli, after twenty-three years of senice, is entitled to favourable consideration. ''11. That an address be presented to His Excellency the Governor-in-Chief, praying His Excellency to cause a Bill to be prepared and transmitted to this House, granting to Sir Charles Cooper a retiring allowance of two-thirds his pre sent salary for life, 10 commence at such time as he may leave office with the consent of the Governor and Executive Council.' ' Friday, September 6. Order of the Day :— L Report of Select Committee on petition of Joseph Nottle to be brought up. Contingent Notices of Motion:— 1\. Mr. Milne to move (contingent on the motion for the report of the Committee of the whole House on the Estimates being brought up)— 'That the items under the head of 'Police' be reconsidered.' 2\. Mr. McEllister to move (contingent on the motion for the report of the Committee of the whole House on the Estimates being brought upi— 'That the items under the head of 'Railways' be reconsidered.' 3\. Mr. CoGLCf to move (contingent on the motion for the report of the Committee of the whole House on the Estimates being brought up)— 'That the item 'Education' be reconsidered, with a view to moving that the said item be struck out' 1 Mr. Dutton to move (contingent on the motion for the report of the Committee of the whole House on the Estimates being brought uo-— 'That the item 'Supreme Court' be recon sidered.' -—__^___ The Handwriting op the Dead. ? A thought written in warm sunny life, and then sud denly rising up to us when tfie hand that traced ana the heart that cherished it are dust, is verily a ghost It is a likeness struck of the fond human being and surviving it. Far more truthful than bust or portrait, it bids us see the tears flow and the pulse beat. What ghost can the churchyard yield to us like the writing of the dead? 