A VERITABLE "GHOST STORY." In the month of September, 1857, Captain G ----- W --------, of the 6th (Inniskillin) Dragoons, went out to India to join his regiment. Has wife remained in England, at Cambridge. On the night between the 14th and 15th of November, 1857, to- wards morning, she dreamed that she saw her husband, looking anxious and ill---upon which she immediately awoke, much agitated. It was bright moonlight, and looking up she per- ceived the same figure standing by her bedside. He appeared in his uniform, the hand pressed against his breast, the hair dishevelled, the face very pale. His large dark eyes were fixed full upon her; their expression was was that of great excitement, and there was a peculiar contraction of the mouth, habitual to him when agitated. She saw him, even to each minute par- ticular of his dress, as distinctly as he had ever done in her life ; and she remembers to have noticed between his hands the white of the shirt bosom, unstained, however, with blood. The figure seemed to bend forward, as if in pain, and to make an effort to Speak ; but there was no sound. It remained visible, the wife thinks, as long as a minute. Her first idea was to ascertain if she was actually awake. She rubbed her eyes with the sheet, and felt that the touch was real. Her little nephew was in bed with her; she bent over the sleeping child and listened to its breathing; the sound was distinct ; and she became convinced that what she had seen was no dream. It need hardly be added that she did not again go to sleep that night. Next morning she related all to her mother, expressing her conviction, though she had noticed no marks of blood on his dress, that Captain W---- was either killed or grievously wounded. So fully impressed was she with the reality of that apparition, that she thenceforth refused all invitations. A young friend urged her, soon afterwards, to go with her to a fashionable concert, reminding her that she had received from Malta, sent by her husband, a handsome dress cloak, which she had never yet worn. But she positively declined, declaring that, uncertain a she was whether she was not already a widow, she would never visit a place of amusement until she had letters from her husband (if indeed, he still lived) of later date than the 14th of November. It was on a Tuesday, in the month of December, 1857, that the telegram regarding the actual fate of Captain W---- was published in London. It was to the effect that he was killed before Lucknow on the fifteenth of November. This news, given in the morning papers, attracted the atten- tion of Mr. Wilkinson, a London solicitor, who had in charge captain W----'s affairs. When at a later period, this gentle- man met the widow, she informed him that she had been quite prepared for the melancholy news, but that she felt sure her husband could not have been killed on the 15th of November, innasmuch as it was during the night between the 14th and 15th that he appeared to herself. the certificate from the War Office, however, which it be- came Mr. Wilkinson's duty to obtain, confirmed the date given in the telegram; it's tenor being as follows : — "War Office, "30th January, 1858. "These are to certify that it appears, by the records in this office, that Captain G--- W--- , of the 6th Dragoon Guards, was killed in action on the 15th November, 1857." While Mr. Wilkinson's mind remained in uncertainty as to the exact date, a remarkable incident occurred, which seemed to cast further suspicion on the accuracy of the telegram and of the certificate. That gentleman was visiting a friend, whose lady has all her life had perception of apparitions, while her husband is what is usually called an impressible medium ; facts which are known, however, only to their intimate friends. Though personally acquainted with them, I am not at liberty to give their names. Let us call them Mr. and Mrs. N----. Mr. Wilkinson related to them as a wonderful circumstance, the vision of the captain's widow in connection with his death, and described the figure as it had appeared to her. Mrs. N---- , turning to her husband, instantly said, "That must be the very person I saw the evening we were talking of India, and you drew an elephant with a howdah on his back. Mr. Wilkin- son has described his exact position and appearance; the uniform of a British officer, his hands pressed across his breast, his form bent foward as if in pain. The figure," she added, to Mr. W—, " appeared just behind my husband, and seemed looking over his left shoulder." " Did you attempt to obtain any communication from him?" Mr. Wilkinson asked. "Yes ; we procured one through the medium of my hus- band." "Do you remember its purport ?" It was to the effect that he had been killed In India that afternoon, by a wound in the breast, and adding, as I distinctly remember; 'That thing I used to go about in is not buried yet.' I particularly remarked the expression." "When did this happen?" "About nine o'clock in the evening, several weeks ago ; but I do not recollect the exact date." " Can yon not call to mind something that might enable you to fix the precise day ?" Mrs. N--- reflected. " I remember nothing, she said at last, "except that while my husband was drawing, and I was talking to a lady friend who had called to see us, we were in- terrupted by a servant bringing in a bill for some German vinegar, and that, as I recommended it as superior to English, we had a bottle brought in for inspection. " " Did you pay the bill at the time?" "Yes; I sent out the money by the servant." " Was the bill receipted?" "I think so ; but I have it upstairs, and can soon ascertain." Mrs. N— produced the bill. It's receipt bore date the fourteenth of Novmnber! This confirmation of the widow's conviction as to the day of her husband's death, produced so much impression on Mr. Wilkinson that he called at the office of Messrs. Cox and Green- wood, the army agents, to ascertain if there was no mistake in the certificate. But nothing there appeared to confirm any surmise of inaccuracy. Captain W-----'s death was mentioned in two separate dispatches of Sir Colin Campbell ; and in both the date corresponded with that given in the telegram. So matters rested, until, in the month of March, 1858, the family of Captain W — received fiom Captain G — C----, then of the military train, a letter dated near Lucknow, on the 19th December, 1857. This letter informed them that Captain W— had been killed before Lucknow, while gallantly leading on the squadron, not on the 15th of November, as re- ported in Sir Colin Campbell's despatches, but on the four- teenth, in the afternoon. captain C---- was riding close by his side at the time he saw him fall. He was struck by a fragment of shell in the breast, and never spoke after he was hit. He was buried at the Dilkoosha; and on a wooden cross, erected by his friend, Lieutenant R---- , of the 9th Lancers, at the head of his grave; are cut the initials G. W. and the date of his death, 14th of November, 1857. The War Office finally made the correction as to the date of death, but not until more than a year after the event occurred. Mr. Wilkinson, having occasion to apply for an additional copy of the certificate in April 1857, found it in exactly the same word as that which I have given, only that the 14th of No- vember had been substituted for the 15th. This extraordinary narrative was obtained by me directly from the parties themselves. The widow of Captain W---- kindly consented to examine and correct the manuscript, and allowed me to inspect a copy of Captain C----'s letter, giving the particulars of her husband's death. To Mr. Wilkinson, also, the manuscript was submitted, and he assented to its accuracy, so far as he is concerned. That portion which relates to Mrs. N---- I had from that Lady herself. I have neglected no precaution, therefore, to obtain for it the warrant of authenticity. It is, perhaps, the only example on record where the appear- ance of what is usually termed a ghost proved the means of correcting an erroneous date in the despatches of a commander- in-chief, and of detecting an inaccuracy in the certificate of a War Office. It is especially valuable, too, as furnishing an example of a double apparition. Nor can it be alleged (even if the allegation had weight) that the recital of one lady caused the apparition of the same figure to the other. Mrs. W---- was at the time in Cambridge, and Mrs. N--- In London; and it was not till three weeks after the occurrence that either knew what the other had seen. Those who would explain the whole on the principle of chance coincidence have a treble event to take into account ; the apparition N---- , that to Mrs. W— , and the actual time of Captain W — 's death ; each tallying exactly with the other.----Owen's Footfalls on the Boundary of Another World. \------------------------------------------- Defrnces of Nbw York. — The Mechanics' Ma gazine says New York harbour u defended by twelve forts carrying 1025 gnus. ' T>ro additional forte are now building to carry 337 guns, and works have been, proposed for 602 more guns. This does not indole floating batteries which may easily he con structed in large numbers and used to great advan tage. A Simple Plus for Ikrigatikg Fruit Trees. — John W-'Carey, of St. Jose, California, has invented a cheap and convenient plan for irrigating fruit trees that strikes us as being a little ahead of any- j thing .of the kind yet discovered. Bis plan is this : he takes a'bnektt, an old plant can, or anything that trill hold water, and filling it, places it near the tree. He then takes a bit of rope, of sea grass, or hemp, and wrapping it twice xonnd the body of the tree, Slightly below, the top of the bucket, suspends the two ends in tiie water. There you hare the whole apparatus. It acts iipon the principle of the syphon, and keeps the body of the tree constantly wet, feeding- the -roots with a steady supply of moisture. This proves an eflectual remedy for the borer, and works every way to hie entire satisfac tion. The bncket should be filled as often as once a day."afid: no other cs.ar .trpnhte.isynaoeswy.j kfrSteyJsteyieaiSiStrert met'wd rf grigyon' what we have aeen of it as applied to -hie trees, we »iiaijmia'L.««im A woman who bad been long housekeeper in a gentleman's family at Beading, but.'who lately married a beer idler in an adjoining village, has committed suicide in a carious fashion. Locking herself fn a "room, site knelt down, twisted a string about her neck, attached it to the door .key, and thus hangtdihemelf.- In strong contrast to this de-.- termined ind siiccesriul procedingla that of a farm: labourer, " hear Gloucester, who has lately been thwarted inlpve. Hcticda cord round his net, and tho cfther'end to the bedstead, hnt instead of, swipgim himself off he got into bed, and was found j by a muow lbdger lying comfortably betsreen'the sheebL bnt with the cord still fastened. The lodger ' nntied tile string, and fetdied a light. On his re turn he found ttebirelsm Blaw sitting on the ride »f his -bed, witharasor in one hand and prayer Sook i# «m' bU»a-.- ThSs Dttle piece ef dramatic ! acting was no doubt iptendea.to be -relatcd to the hard-hearted fluilis, with a visw- to malting her re- lmiVbut iuteikd of ihe-IaHy. 'P.- C. flugiies' was called in, andhe qmdtly"pfit the nnhappy :f<)V« hut', tf harm's way by lpckiafi Jftm pp at tiie station. The toagjstsre-jordmed him to be remanded at the cbunty.pmsan faiia week, where, ..in. .cocd grot,', in 4he cd be will , doubaes sqon ooine to his -ebber . »&£:; 1-Vf. r;'-- The prinapal lifo assurance office are arranging iter payment jtEJhepoluiesjon Jhe.jife _of the late. Ddke of Buckingham. The amoput is upwards of £3pojK»; bat the w totsldishmeute which took the ritksMvo dindoi tkn with other offices, and. consequently fhe.sruoimt to.be Idisbhttod' by' bach . . . 