QUEENSLAND. BT tba Tim Tarra wa hara Brisbane papera (o tba S0:t Mar. A spoiling correspondent of toe Courter thai Barns np his speculations on the Champion Base, tc come off that day : And noa comes the rub-Ben Bolt and Zee I and wbioh of them is to vin t As far aa their pnblio rnnnini hitherto ia. concerned, they aie aa nearly ona par ai possible, and this race will probably (or ever Bettie the dispute ss to wbioh is the best horse. In Sydney and Melbourne, and in every other portion of the Australian colonies, the sporting men of the different localities are anxiously looking forward to tba issue or the present contest ; tbey are both immense favourites «iib their respective parlies, and a very considerable som of money will obaage hands on the isaac And now for our own candid opinion on tbe subject, and we are not speaking altogether from hearsay as to tbs condition of tbesu two Fqulne celebrities, for on Sunday morning last we aaw Ben Bolt take hts laet fly, and altbongb we did not see the mare under the Bame oironmstanoes yet we know some one who did ca whose opinion we oin rely with as much confidence as on oar own, more especially wben wo know that be has not . abilling on the race, and bas no parly feeling either one way or toe other. To coramenou with Zoo-her oondition to tbe eye is very good, and speaks eloquently for the extra eare and attention bestowed upon her by tbat prince of trainers. Jemmy Ashworth. Ber legs, however, to us, look very very dickey, and as the course, ia all haman probability, will be aa hard aa a macadamised road, we do not cxpeot to see the beautiful Zoe pull off the Queens, land Champion Sweepstakes. Ben Bolt's condition is truly magnificent, and we coofidently assert that if be comes to the post sa fit at one o'olock this day aa be was - when he took bis gallop on Sunday morning, we d> not believe that there is a horse at the ' present moment in the Australian colonies that could give bim a licking. Now we know Ben Bolt well, and nave seen bim ron nearly all tbe races that he contested with Zoe, and we never saw him so fit as he was at Windsor, when be gave the mare 41bs, weight and a licking, the time being 8 minutes 01 seconda to S minutes 64 seconds ; we say fae waa Qt then, but he is pounds a better horse now, and should Zoe come to the post as fit ss s fiddle (which abe »out do), be would, in our opinion, prove the better horse. Mr. Single is.perfectly delighted with theliitlo ebesnut, and if Ted Cummings only pulls through with bim this day, bis heart will be considerably the lighter and hie pockets much heavier for bis trip to Queens- land. And so Mentor's tip is to be, and baa resolved itself into tbis BEN BOM to win, barring accidents ; Zoe, second; Vin Tromp, third; Bolipae, fooitb; end fisherman, ii he starts, will pull np. The following telegram from Ipswiob, dated Tuesday evening, appears in the Guardian : Zoo.and Ben Bolt are both in splendid condition ; the betting is eren between the two Immense excite- ment. ?. Eclipse is a g est favourite. Ben Bolt will win the Champion Bete. There, are hundreds of people who cannot find any accommodation. The Courier publishes the followiog from the new settlement at Port Denison :-' You are already aware that .we silled from Moreton Bey on Wednesday, 13.h March, and we entered the Fitzroy on Friday, at. noon. In getting under way from Moreton B¡.y we lost an snohor. and that obliged us to wait elevan dais in the Fitzroy River, nntil one WHS obtained from Brisbane. We left Keppel Bay on Monday, 35th, at 6 p.m., and arrived in Port Denison on Friday, SOtb, at -6 p.m. Here we found that the land party had not arrived, and were coolly informed that we wonld get no more rations from tba abip, bat, that we could land on Stone Island, and there remain' until the oveiland patty arrived. On leaving Boattbamp* ton we had on board 7 women sod 13 ohildren, besides 7 cabin ' and 38 steorage passengers, with 8 men belonging to. the ship ; in all 03 souls. We bsd besides, loose abont the decks, 16 dogs (most of them large kangaroo dogs), Beven pigs, five goatB, and seven aheep. Tbere was no place to pen up any of these animals, io that they were always about tbedeoks; and as there waa not standing,' much less sleeping'room below for either oabfn or Bteerage passengers, they bad all to sleep on deck, as the oabins were enly sufficient for the women and ebildren. We had three boats on board, and two in the davits, and about ton tons of oargo on deck, so "that, there'was hardly moving room. I shoald have-liked the Colonial Secretary to have been a passenger, just to see how he liked it. We were fourteen days on Stone Island, anxiously looking oat for Mr. Dalrymple, and preying for all con- cerned in oar imprisonment. M-. Dalrymple and party arrived on the 13th April, and on the following day we were ' permitted to go on the main land. Mr. Dalrymple waa accompanied by about IB or 10 gentle- men squatters, who had either accompanied bim from Rockhampton, or joined bim on the road. They were all unanimous in praise of the oooDtry from Port uooper io ir.»« xjenisoo, ano aaj mm tuuio IB B guga road an wbiah draja contd travel all Ibe Tfay, and fine rioh grassy plaine with plenty of water. The party had along with them 70 miloh oows, 40 bullooks, and about 130 borres. ' ? The Jeannie Dove is still ia the bay, wailing for the surveyor, who will probably ba done in about a fortnight. Our , population on 30lh April was 100, and there are 01 h er partita daily expeated. The Ben Bolt and Freston from Bookbamptom are now in tba Bay. \- We have bad no tronble from tbe natives as yet ; the large overland party and the cattle probably frightened them. We have all begun to feel ourselves at borne, and some « OJJ buildings . ere already commenced. Stores are tolerably reasonable, considering that it is a new place and so far from Brisbane. We bave fresh beef every Saturday, at Od. par lb., and most other things in propor. tion. Everyone socms satisfied with theplaoe, and there was a publio meeting held last week, at which it wea re. rolved that a petition should be forwarded to the Executive, praying them to hold ? land sole at Port Daniton. The country behind tbe township is very rich and undulating, very lightly timbered, and .well adapted for cotton, sugar, or coffee cultivation. The cultivation of vegetables is also commenced, and the climate, io for, is finer thin Brisbane. Tbe esme paper states that the population of Queens- land, asi shown by the Census returns, was 30,879. Tbs following resolution bsd been carried ' by a large majority in the Assembly :-"That this House will, lo morrow, resolve itself into a committee of the whole, t> consider the following resolutions :-(!.) ' Tbst, con- sidering tbe importance of promoting and establishing soother export staple from Qaeensland, it ia desirable that land be granted to any person or company under- taking tho cultivation of cotton on an extended scale.' (3.).'That the government be therefore empowered to grant land in fee eimple, in. blocks of not less than 330, nor more tban 1380 seres, if, within two years, capital < in the proportit n of £0000 to each 010 acreB shall have i been expended in preparing for, and. in carrying on, the cultivation of co'.too.* (3 ) ' That the above resolutions be communicated by address to bis Excellency tbs Oe. . vernor, with a request tbst the necessary regulations in i this behalf may be notified without delly." - I ; * The Hom*, however, bad adjourned till the lltb i Jone. Í j MT. Janice Lutwyche had ito med en address, signed by the Msyor of Brisbane, OD behalf of a poblio meeliog. and sympathising with bim in his recent collision with the Government. Captain Wickham, late Government resident at More- ton Bay, has applied to the Dake of Newcastle for a pension. Bis petition baa been referred to the Queens- land Government, Mr. Yaldwyn, a member of the Legislative Council, bsa given notice of his intention to move a s »rles ol resolu- tions, having for tbeir object tbe establishment of the elective prinoiple in that House. The following is from the Guardian .. Wa understand that two very elegant dresses, of the finest texture, man a fie tu red ia Manchester of cotton and wool grown io Queensland, have arrived by the Yarra Yarra, praaented to Lady Bowen and Lady Nicholson, by Mr. Thomas Biztey, M.P. fer Manchester. The Governor has directed tbe publication of the fel- lowing despatch addressed to his Excellency : " Downing-itreet, Marou 9Slb, 1861. "Sir,-I bave to acknowledge the receipt of your despatob. No. 69, of the 30th Jane last, te wbieb yon forwarded addresses to tbe Queen, from both Houses of the Legislature of Qaeensland, expressing to ber Ma- jesty their gratitude for ' the gracious and liberal con- cession' whioh abe ba« made to the io bab] ants of tbat portion of ber dominions, by raising lt to the rank of a British oolony. " Nothing can be more appropriate than the language and spirit of those addresses to sn occaaion wbioh pro- mises-to ba . memorable one in the history ot the Britiab Empira in Australia; and I am oom Banded by the Quern to inform yoe, and through you, tbe Parlia- ment of Queensland, that she has received them with great satiafaolion. Her Majesty does not doubt that tbe ieelings of the Parliament and the people af the young oolony, towards herself and the mother country, are fitly symbolised by its name ; and she trusts that, under the D.vina blessing, the j may long continue to form a bond of anion between the two countries, and so con- tribute tn lha honan* arvrl wnMmrm nt hnfh. " I h»Te, 4s., (Signed) " NBWOA»TXK." It Ia probable (bat th« wotton company win taae aa vautsgo ef Captain Towna'a prssenoa In Brisbane to arrange with him for the shipment of their flrat draft of Coolies from India. It is Mid that the Royal Sason will be the vessel seleoted for the pnrpoae ; if so, a good opportunity will be presented for shippers of horses to the Indian market. We are informed by a correspondent at Port Denison, that some of the native polioe in that distriot have de- serted, and that Mr. Dalyrymple has sent an argent sp« plication to the Government for additional troopers. Captain Towns, arrived per Telegraph, on Monday night. We understand be purposes proceeding to Port Denison in bis steamer, the Breadalbane, in tbs course of a few weeks. TBE BiRTitnvx LEVEE.-It is ourrently reported in town that oirculars have been addressed to the beads of tbe varions departments in Brisbane, requesting them to notify to tbeir subordinates that the atiéndanos of each and all" of them will he expected at the levee on Friday next. We are aware th it it is customary else- where to hitit to Government employes tbe desirability of patting in an appearanoo on such ocoosions, bat we bsve never before heard ot oironlara beiog issued to enforce nach attendance. If this is to be the system of doing things, the Government ought to put a sum of money on the estimates for furnishing eaob clerk with a dress salton his appointment, or the fraternity of tailors will decidedly »anet.-Courier. LORD BnotjoiiAu's Hisioinc OV TBS HOUSE OF LAN- CASTER.-There ia forthcoming, aa airead* announced, a reprint, revised and acknowledged, of a work by Lord Brougham, formerly issued annnymonsly, nader tbe title of "History of England and Franoe, under the House of Lancaster¡ «Ith an latroduolory View of tbe Early Beformation." Tba following preface bas much inte, rest, as indicating the Bcope and spirit of the work, and tbe motlveB of its illustrious sutbor :-" This work wss undertaken with the dosign of ascertaining how far tbe feelings of national pride are beyond the reaoh of rea- son, and bow far tho habit of admiring only genios sac OPSBful in war or in Stste intrigue ls in- veterate; so tbst a plain . exposition of faots shall not avail to make persona and events be judged by tbe rules of sound sense and virtuous prinoiple. The period to which this work relates is one of great interest in tbe history both of England and of France. Tbs events recorded, and tbs obaraaters of those by whom they ware brought about, deserve to be olosely examined. Nor are the judgments which may be pronounced upon them confined in their bearing to those remots times ; they are of more general application. A careful consideration of tbs events will teach us how a great country may be brought to the verge of rain by the follies and the crimes of faction ; a dispassionate con- templation oi the obaraaters may show how little genius oionned with sncoess is entitled to the admiration of reflecting minda when allied to oruelty and fraud. It has oftent'tnea been laid to tbe charge of authors that thayannnnrage. when they should restrain, the propensity of the multitude,, dazzled by tue glorien of war, to pana over the guilt of conquerors, the enemies of the human rase. A sounder view,i. ' however, is not to be inculcated by passing over the talents of those men, end only dwelling on their faults. The historian mast above all things be oolm and impartial. Forbidden to extenuate orioles, be is alike forbidden to conseal merila, though never allowed to regard the one es a compensation for tba other. His conclusions are neither to be attaok nor defV-noe, invective nor panegyric ; te ia rather a judge than an advocate; on no aooountmast be be a partisan. It is to bo feared that facts being olosely followed and opinioas plainly expressed, this work can find little favour either wi h the French or English reader. Yet the time will come when those who bavé been moat enamoured of warlike renown, shall regard unjust aggression aa not moro wicked than it is shame ful; when the most brilliant aotions in a war waged only for plunder, shall be deemed the disgraoe, not the glory of a people ) and when they to whose ambition the independence or the freedom of their country has been' sacrificed, shall no longer, to the lasting injury cf mankind, be revered as its benefactors, but regarded only ss oriminals upsn a large scale. To the praise of composition and its graces thia work lays no olaim at all. Every one must, by considerate oritioP, be judged by works done in bis proper vooation ; and he wboBe life bas been passed in the Senate and tbe Forum, is only ao author by the acáldente whioh have made it bia duty to impress upon tboss beyond the reaoh of his voice, opinions whioh he conscientiously believed essential to the great cause of human improvement. Bat while meekly bubmiaaive to oritloism of bis narrative in respect of its style, be challenges the moBt nnspairing sorntiny of ita fidelity and its freedom from prrjudioo and partiality, whether towards nations or individúala,, its strict conformity to trustworthy authorities, ita avoiding'the fault ohargeable even on tho'first of modern historians, in all the graces of diction, tbough one of tbe least faithful, that of solooting psssageB, nay, maintaining opinions wbiob lent themselves to bia felicitous composition, or contributed to the entertainment of the . vulgar erowd of readers. Nearly the whole ef this work was written a consider«, ble timo ago ¡ it is indeed above fifteen years tinco the first portion of it waa printed. Published without any name, front the autboi's dislike of coming before the publia when his duties did not require it, there appearod little likelihood of ita obtaining a considerable circula- tion. Nevertheless, the demand baa been vary muob I greater than could have been expected, and thia has en- couraged tbe satisfactory belief that the number of tboao friendly to the viewa inculcated is greater than had been i supposed. He therefore conceived it a due deference to them that his name should no longer be withheld. Gbiteta Eleanor-Louise, February. 1601."-This work affords remarkable proofs of Mr. Hume's carelessness snd prejudices, in the obaraoters and histories of Cob- ham, Bedford, Cardinal Beaufort, the Blaok Prince, as wallas of HenryV. An eloquent and eplgrammatlo history may ba considered the display of talents some- what out of place, as may s judicial oration. The recent robbery from Lady Ot way's reeidenoe at Brighton was o'everly executed. The thieves not only removed all the valuables which came within their reaoh in the different rooms, bat took a costly gold watoh and appendages from tbe pocket at tbe bed's head, and a diamond ring fi om off her ladyship's finger whilst she ley asleep. With the key attached to tbs watch they opened a desk in the drawing-room, scd took ont a large sum in cash and bank-notes. The property oarried iff is valued at £1700. A reward of £100 ia offered for the discovery of the thieves, A great banquet was given on Wednesday night to Sir W. Hayter, the Whig .. whipper-in." Sir William is , called political secretary to tbe treasury, and this teati- t monia! to bim was given on tbe occasion of his retire« j ment from bis poBt. At the banquet, Sir William was f j presented with a massive silver table ornament, weigh. | ing 1100 ounces. This testimonial was the gift of 309 , members of the House of Common», psst snd present, a all belonging to the Liberal party^ though many .Con- < sorvatives expressed a wish to subscribe to it. Lord ( Palmerston presided at the dinner, < \- ."A Bristol Rifleman" has Issued the following notice : j -"If tho thief who stole the copper bell-wire, a few nights since, firm a bouse at Burlington-buildings, Bed. ] land-park, is passing that way again, he will ; find some a other metal there, which, though more portable, may be « yet leis (ia; lo carry,"; . - ,? - i Tttyj LrrrrxToH GHOST STOUT-"Lyttelton, »taja eoaroelv thirty-six. breathed bi» 1 >s» at a eoantry-boaaa near Sp om, called i't .place, fr m ita situation in a obalk pit; «here ha witnesses, as bu conceited, a super* natural appearance."-Wraxall. He did so,- bal bera the author must pardon me, and so must yon, dear tir. If I presume to say I oao tell thia tale better ; meaning with more exactness, for truth constitutes the whole of its vatua. Iiord Westcote and Lord S indys both told it thoa, and they were familiar intimates at Streatham Park-wbera now their portraits bang in my library. Lord Lyttelton was in London, and was gone to bed, I think, upon a Thursday night. He rang bis bell soddenly end with great viólenos, and his valet, on entering, found bim muah disordered, protesting he bad b»eo, or fancied himself, plagued with a white bird fluttering within bia ourtains. "When, however (continued be), I seemed to have driven ber away, a female figure stood at my feet in long drapery, and said, ' Prepare to die. my Lord, you'll soon be Balled.' ' How soon t bow soon f said I, 'tn three years r ' Three years" replied abe, tauntingly, . three days,' and van tabed." William», tbe man-servant, related ibis to bis Wand», of oourse; and the town-talk waa a<L about Lord Lyttleton'* dream ; he himself ran to his uncle witb if. to Lord Westcote, who confessed having reproved bim ; pretty sharply for losing time in the invention of empty | stories (snob be accounted it), instead of thinking about tbe speeoh be was to make a few days after. Lord , Sandys was milder, sating, " My dear fellow, if you be- . , lieve this strange occurrence, snd would have us bellera , it, be persuaded ta change your eonduot, and give np that , silly frolic which y< u told us of. I mean, going next San , day-was it not t to Woodcote ; but I suppose 'tis only one of your wondrous fine devices to make us plain folk» , stare : so drink a dish of obocolate and talk of some- thing else." On Saturday, after ? e had talked Ibis over at , Streatbam-park, a lady, late from Wales, dropped ia, and told as abe bad been at Drury-lane last night. " How , were you entertained," said I. " Very strangely indeed," waa the repljj"not with the play though, for I soaroe knew what they acted- brit with the discourse of Captain Asooagh or Askew-so his compi- . nions call od bim-who averred that a friend of his, tba profligate Lord Lyttleton, aa I understood by them, bsd ' eertainly seen a spirit, who bas warned bim that be is to ' die within the next three days, and I hero thought of nothing etas ever since." Ko farther aocounta reaobed Sireatbam-park till Monday morning, whon every tongue was telling how a Mrs. Flood and two Miss Amphlets, demirsp beauties, bad passed over Westminster Bridge by tbe earliest hour, looking like oorpsos from illness oooasloned by terror, sad storied by this Captain Asoough to town. The msn William»' oonstant and - unvarying tale tallied with bis, who sali', they bad been passing the time appointed in great gaiety ; some other girls and gentlemen of the eonntry hiving in some mea- sure joined tba party for dinner only, but leaving these , before midnight. That on Sunday Lord Lyttelton drew ? out his watch at eleven o'olook, and said, " Well, now I . must leave you.agreeeble as al) of you are; bsoausa I mean to meditate on tbe next Wednesday's speeoh, and have ' aetutlly brought some books with ms." "O, bat th« ghost t the ghost I " exclaimed one of the MISB Amph- lets. laughing. " Ob, don't you see that we have bilked - . tbe Mtob," saya Lord Lyttelton, showing bia watch and running from them un stairs, where Williams bsd set out the reeding table, dec, and put his master on tba ~. yellow night gown, whioh ba always UBBÍ. Lord Lyttel- . ton then said, Make np my five grains of rhubarb and ' peppermint water and leave me ; but, did yon remember to bring rolls enough from London 7 ' " I brought nour, m »Lord; I have found a baker here st Epsom that - m<b«s them last sa vonr lordshlo likes"-descrivIna ' bow-and stirring tba mixturo as ba spoke. " wost are you using T" orles my 'ord, " a toothpfrk 1" A . denn one, indeed, my lord," "You lazy dowil-go Otoh a spoon direotly ;'? be did so j but besrd a noise in the room and hastened baot, to find his master fallen over tbe table, books snd all. He raised bim ; "Spoak to me, my lord-speak, for God's sake, deas ray lord." "Ab, Willhmsl" was bis last and only word. Williams run down to the dissolute company below, bis i wat oh in his band. "Not twelve o'olook yet," be ex 1 claimed, "snd dead-dead." They all bore witness that no violence came near the man, and I do think that soma jndiolal process then proolsiraed him-" Dead by tbe visitation of God." This, however, might be my h»aring those words from friends and acquaintance* relating the incident; bat when it waa reported twenty > years after that Lord Lyttelton had committed suioide, ' I know that waa sn error or a falsity. Of this event. ' however, few people spoke after the first bustle : and I had changed my situation and a »sociales so completely, that it lay loose on my mind-nover forgotten though in a manner unremembered. Chanoe, however, threw ma into company of the gay and faoetlous Miles Fetos Andrews, with whom and Mr. Greatbeed's family, and Mrs. Siddons, and Sir Charles Hotham, and a long et cetera, an entertaining day had been pasted sometime in the year 1700, if I remember rightly; and Mrs.. Merrick Hoare, assuming intimaoy, slid, " Now, dear Mr. Andrews, that the Pigons are gone, and everybody ia . gone but ourselves, do tell my mo'her your own story of Lord Lyttelton." He hesitated, and I prasied him., nrging my long past soqnaintanco with his lordship's . uncían-the Bishop and Lord Westcote. He looked uneasily at me, but 1 soothed, and 8ophia gave him no quarter ; so, with something of sn appeal to her that th* tale would be as abe had learned from her friends tb» Figous, and from himaelf, ho- bogan by saying: " Lyttelton and I had lived long enough in great fami- liarity, and had agreed that wbiobever quitted this world first should visit the other. Neither of us being «lot, however, snob thoughts wore, nt the time of bis deatb, poor fellow I furthest from my mind. Lord Lyttelton bad anted me to make one of bis mad party to Woodcote or Pitt.placo, in Surrey, on suoh a day, .but I was engaged to the Pigau* you saw this evening, and could not go. They then lived in Hertfordshire,;.,! went down thither on the Sunday, and dined witb them and their very few end very sober friends, who went away in the ovening. At eleven o'clock I retired to roy apartment; it was - hroifd moonlight, and I put oat ray candle, when, Just aa I seemed dropping asleep, Lord Lyttelton thrust himself between the curtains, dressed in his own yellow night- gown that be used , to read in, and arid in a mournful tone, . Ab, Andrews, it's all ovor.' < Oh,* replied I quiobly, 'sro you th ero, you dog*' and recollecting thore was but ene door to the. room, rushed out at it,, lacked ir, and held the key in my hand, calling ' to tb« housekeeper and butler, whoso voioo* I heard putting; the things away, to ask when Lord Lyttleton arrived, and what trlok he was meditating. The servants mada answer with rouoh amazement, that no suoh arrival bad taken place; but I assured them I had coen, and spoken to him, and oonld producá htm, ' fer here,' said I, ' be I«; under fast lock and key.' Wo opened tho door, and found no one, but in two or three days heard thalba died at that very moment, near Epvom, in Surrey." After s pause, I said very seriously to Mr. Andrew*, '?Were you quite sober, air?" "As you are now," re- plied he; "and I did think I saw L ird Lyttleton as I now think that I BBS you." " Did think, sir t do yon now think it F " I should moat undoubtedly think it, bat that so many people for so many years have told me I did not see him," said he. We made a few serions re- flections snd parted.-Anecdetet of Mrt. Poiztl ( Titrate). LE AVINO ETON.-The bald and unsatisfactory sa. counts of Eton whtob exist in print, nil conanr in stating that the bead.maater of Eton reoeivos from every pupil in tho school £0 OJ. . year. I see by some half-dozen Bohool bills which have been sont me by friends having sons at Etan, that a obarge of £0 Os. potranco la mada on the head.mauler's account to eaob boy who enter the school. As the average atay of an oppidan at Eton is, I am informed, under four years, and as the school has sversged more than 800 boys for some years past, the head-master moat reoeive entrancs-money for 900 boys every year. Wbeu sn Eton boy is about to quit the sohool, he usaslly " takes leave" of his tutor, snd of the head-master. It is understood that if be baa been a very ill.oondnctrd boy, his tutor and the bead, master would deoline to " take leave " of bim ; but saab severity, at such a moment, ia rarely, if ever, praotised. The theory, however, works admirably, in a peonniary sense; . for well-behaved boya are thereby induced to consider that it ia a slur upon them rot to "take leave." The details cf the ceremony are es follow :-Tbs boy walls on the bead-master, wiro expresses bis sorrow st parting with bira, hia wisbea for bis future welfare, and sends bis best compliments to bis parents; the twotben sbske ha'ds, and the boy retiree. As he leaves the room, à small table meets bis eyes, on wbioh is a plate wilta several bank-notes displayed upon it ; if I may venture, without disrespect to anybody, to compare great things with small, I may observe tbat something of the same kir.d, with the same objeat, may be seen at the stick and umbrella department of tba. National Gallery, and, I am told, indicates that, sltbongb money is not positively demanded, it will bo gratefully reaeived. On this plate the boy deposits a note, varying from ¿10 to £39. It is said that tbs sons of dukes and railway kings go aa high as £00, but of that I do not pie tend to speak with any degree of authority. The next doy-wbon the money has boen counted, the head- master's servant goes round - to ' every boy who bas " taken leave" with a handsome bound vr lime, as a keep, sake from that dignitary, and receivt s from each boy a fee of 10a. Od. as his ahsre of the translation.-" A Third tetter /rom Pater/amiliat," in the Cornhill Magaiine. We understand tbat a marriago is in ooñtam'pletion between Daniel O'Connell, Esq.,' of Derrynsn* Abbey, - sldfst grandson of the late-Daniel' O'Connell, end tb« aldaat daughter of Dsnfs Shine Lawlor, Esq., ot Grenagb. -Lfvrrjjoof Mercury. 