ST. BARNABAS' CHURCH SCHOOL. THE foundation-stone of a new school-house in connection with St. Barnabas' Church, Parramatta-street, was laid, yesterday afternoon, by his Excellency Sir John Young. The building about to be erected will be of brick, about sixty feet by thirty ; there will also be a small girls school opening into the church, and a class room. The architect for the building is Mr. E. T. Blacket, and the contractor Mr. Earnshaw ; the cost to be £7-10, and the work to be completed in three months. His Excellency arrived at the ground soon after five o'clock, accompanied by Lady Young and Lord John Taylour, and were received by the Dean of Sydney, and the Rev. Thomas Smith, the Incumbent of St. Barnabas. A very large concourse of persons were assembled, amongst whom were the children of the school, who carried SBiallJoinblomatic banners. The proceedings were commenced by The DEAN OF SYDNEY who, addressing Sir John Young, said he had been desired to request his Excellency would do the favour of laying the foundation-stone of the School- house in connection with St. Barnabas' Church. It might not be altogether inappropriate for him to mention one or two circumstances which had led to the establishment of the school. A little more than five years ago a special effort was made in this neighbourhood for the benefit of those who were called the working classes, a large number of whom had their residences here. The gentleman who was now the minister in this district the Rev. Thomas Smith was at first licensed by the Bishop as a catechist, and was subsequently ordained and the fruit of his labours was to be seen in the erection of the commodious church, and in the large congregation usually attending it. There was also a considerable Sunday-school in connection with the church, consisting of about 360 children, taught by a goodly number of teachers and it might reasonably be supposed that where so large a number of Sunday scholars was congregated, there must be a demand for secular education. As, therefore, there was at present no school-house, it had been determined to erect a building in which secular instruction could be afforded. The building would be of great importance to the Sunday-school, and might be made use of for many desirable purposes, such as the delivery of popular lectures. There were two excellent Church of England Schools at no great distance from this, but he believed that they were both full, and there was therefore abundant demand for that which was about to be erected. The school would be in connection with St. Barnabas' Church, and the education given in it would be in accordance with the principles of the Church of England. There was one feature which he had noticed in the working classes in this community, and which probably they had brought with them from England ; it was this that they seemed to have greater confidence in a school of which their clergy man was the head and the supervisor, than in any other and he believed that that feeling prevailed strongly amongst those who surrounded us on this occasion. That was certainly a feeling which it was desirable should be cherished and fostered ; because if Christianity was inlet in- fused from early days into the community, he feared we should not have that character imparted to our people, which was the stability of a nation. He had been much struck with an observation made by his Excellency on a recent occasion, to the effect, that the welfare of a country did not depend so much on its political institutions as it did upon the character of the people and every means by which a virtuous, a Christian, and a godly character could be promoted amongst the people was a work worthy of the support and encouragement of the community. And because this building was designed for that purpose, he felt that he was only asking His Excellency to do that which would be grateful to his feelings in requesting him to lay the foundation-stone. His EXCELLENCY then went through the usual formalities of smoothing the mortar and tapping the stone, concluding by reading as follows :-" I lay this stone as the foundation-stone of the school-house in connection with the Church of St. Barnabas in this place, for the education of the youth of this district in accordance with the doctrines and discipline of the Church of England, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." His EXCELLENCY then proceeded to address the assemblage. He could assure them that he had great pleasure in laying, the foundation-stone of this school, and he sincerely hoped that the school would answer the expectations of its founders and prove a benefit and a blessing to the inhabitants of this district. He trusted that the parents of the numerous children he saw around him would keep in mind the value and the advantage of a sound instruction, and that they would believe that they could confer no greater benefit on their offspring than to give them a good education. The value of education was to be seen whether you regarded individuals or communities ; they had no greater enemy, and could suffer no greater evil, than ignorance. If you looked at the individual, you would find that if he was ignorant he was deterred from many employments and even if employed and ignorant, yet he would be shut out from many enjoyments which he would otherwise derive from those resources that knowledge would make available to Um. As regarded the community, there could be no greater evil than ignorance, for it exposed the people to every variety of deception and to every variety of error ; it _ led them to attribute those in- conveniences which were inseparable from every human condition to the wrong causes, and it induced them to seek remedies in the wrong direction, remedies which were in many cases more hurtful than the inconveniences they sought to get rid of. In a country like this-in a free country where franchises were generally extended-it was of the utmost importance that the people should be able to use them with prudence and discretion and therefore it was the more necessary that they should be brought up not merely with a due amount of secular knowledge, but also with that kind of knowledge of a more enlarged character. He was extremely happy to hear that it was one part of the programme of the engagements for the school now to be erected to have popular Lectures. He believed it to be of great importance that the business of the school should be so regulated, and the time of the masters so distributed, that ample opportunities should be afforded to all who were willing to avail themselves of them, of pursuing during the evenings those studies that they had commenced in early life. He trusted if he might make a suggestion that due attention would be paid in this school not only to instructing the children in a few branches of elementary knowledge which would be useful to them in the counting-house or in ordinary life) lessons which were too frequently learned only by road and little understood but that pains should be taken to make the children know what they learned-to open their minds, i land to develop their thinking faculties, so that they might apply what they know in their lives that they might be i thinking people, and might desire to know their own dignity and responsibility, and therein become not. merely virtuous, worthy, and contented citizens but also aspirants to higher happiness, and a better recompense hereafter. (Cheers.) The Rev. T. SMITH then made a short address, thanking his Excellency and Lady Young for their attendance, con- trasting the present appearance of the neighbourhood of St. Barnabas Church with its condition four years ago, and appealing to the company for subscriptions for the school. The DEAN OF SYDNEY then pronounced the benediction, after which cheers were given for his Excellency and Lady Young, and Bro assemblage dispersed. 