WEW BAPTIST CHAPEL. ; On Sunday, the 15th instant, the Rev. Isaac Uew, of Melbonrne, ?'preached two sermons in White's Room, to the congregation under the pastoral care of the Rev. Silas Mead, M.A., IX.B. . The inclemency of tbo weather, no doubt, pre vented many from attending who would otherwise have j been present, so that the place was not moic than, two- | thirds filled; but if Mr. Mew's talents as a Breach er I were' more generally known here, we think there would have l»een a larger attendance. The rev. gentleman, before announcing his test, said that he felt very unfit to preach ; his voice was wrong, and he felt altogether unwell. The closeness of the room, in consequence of the weather, must also have been trying to the preacher. The text was taken.from Acts ii. 41 — 17, aft;r reading which Mr. New proceeded as follows : — Beautiful is this exhibition of the first Christian Church ; it was com posed of the immediate disciples of the Lord Jesus, and of those who had been converted under Peter's sermon. That discourse was full of life and power ; the assembly were disposed to scoff, but their attention was arrested, and they became agitated and cried out — Men and brethren, what must we do ? They stood convicted of the crime of killing their King ; but heinous as was their sin, there was mercy even for them. ' Repent, and be baptized,' said the Apostle, 'and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost.' Here was the substance of the Gospel, and it was glad tidings to them. They were bowed down by the sense of guilt, trembling and despair seized them, and in'their distress they cried, ' What must we do?' That same Jesus, nhsm they had slain, was revealed to them as living to nake intercession for them. He had prayed for his murderers when he died, and now he hid risen to iearen, he still prayed for them. This was music to ;heir ears — it was melody in their hearts. They felt the lower of the Word — they tasted its sweetness. They were melted into an affectionate and grateful submission, diey felt Him to be worthy of the crown which he wore, md in their hearts they crowned Him afresh as their Lord iand their God. Tiie least they could do' was to be »aptised in Hie name — to seal the bond with their Lord, md they were willing to lay themselves on the altar as a aerifice to Him. Wo labors were wearisome to them now hi the service of God, if they could only retain the fervor of their virgin zeal. Oh ! the rapture of those hours; but alas ! alas ! that they should -so soon pass away. The Apostles might well have been filled with dismay at the magnitude of the commission which bad been entrusted to them, but the Sp lit of God came down amongst them, and under one sermon three thousand were converted. If there had been any doubt left in the minds of any of the Apostles, surely it would be now removed. Mark the docility of these new disciples. ' They continued steadfastly in the Apostles' doctrine, and in breaking of bread and in prayer.' They were no doubt anxious and trem bling, but they continued steadfast, and the Apostles were their authorised teachers, and bow gladly would they receive from the lips of those who had attended on their Lord, the account of the various incidents of his life, of his dying scenes, and of his last prayer. Their hearts would glow, their souls would dilate with rap ture, their minds would expand, their views enlarge. and their thoughts extend into scenes of ethereal and surpassing beauty, and they would catch inspiration from these, things. They continued also iu fel lowship. Christ unseen was in the midst of them, diffu sing through then- sou:s a delightful sense 'of pardon ; the covenant was theirs, the kingdom was theirs, all things were theirs, and they were Christ's, and Christ was God's ; and this covenant would continue when the sun itself should be extin guished, and the world and all that is in it should be dissolved. They had also fellowship with their suffering Lord. This is indicated hi thex words 'breaking of bread,' according to the command of Christ that they should celebrate the last supper, and they would recog nise as often as they ate of that bread, and drank of the cup that they lived by faith on the Son of God ; and they would realise their oneness with Christ in heart, in nature, in design, and in prospect, and how would they come from these celebrations refreshed and strengthened for the Christian life and conflict ! They continued also in prayer. What a privilege was this, to be permitted fo-epeak with God — t-j ask things : of Him, and to know that while we are thus engaged we have au Advocate, before the Throne, who- 1b pleading for us, who helps our suit, and who at the same tim? encourages us to enlarge our desires, to increase our petitions, to ask great things, to' open our mouths wide that they may be filled.' The Apostles were praying men. As soon as Christ was taken from tjiem they felt their utter helplessness, and betook themselves to prayer.. There was hope and joy and comfort in prayer. They felt they could not do without it ; and it was the exercise of prayer which made them file wonder of the world around, and these new converts caught the same spirit, and their hearts were invigorated and their faith strengthened by the exercise. Mark their fraternal unanimity ; they were, of one heart, and they met daily — -not in the temple, but in sections ani in each other's houses. They were a company of brothers, exercising a common faith. Petty divisions and jealousies there were none. There was no anxiety as to who should be chief. Love dwelt amongst 'them — Christian, divine love ; and wherever that love dwells, all angry passions subside, and the fruit of the Spirit is seen, and plants of grace spring up and bear sweet fruit, and the very leaves are for the healing of the nations ; the more we exhibit of this spirit the more influence shall we exercise in the world. The themes that engaged their thoughts would be in vested with a brighter light — with a richer influence— and they would talk of their holy religion, and be lifted above the things of time and of sense into rapt delight in the things of God. How pleasurable woul 1 be such meetings, and how profitable too ! they would look for ward with delight to the hour that brought them together, and regret the time of separation. Mark their disinterested beneficence, 'They had allthingscommon.' Those that had possessions sold them, and put the pro ceeds into a common fund. This was in obedience to n-j apostolic law, but it was the result of their fraternal and benevolent feelings. It was not intended to be a rale for adoption by other Churches, but as it obtained in the Church at Jerusalem — it teaches an iniDortant lesson — it shows how evangelical religion relaxes the grasp of selfishness, and it shows the reality of the profession of Christianity when its dis ciples are willing thus to part with their worldly goods ; at the same time a due regard for our own interests may be tempered and sanctified, and preserved from degenerating into selfishness. Observe the joy which these early Christians experienced. While they would grieve over their sins, in having destroyed the Lord of Life and Glory, the sense of pardon through his blood and of love to him would turn then- grief into joy, and they would feel delight in their fraternal love, and in the prospect of endless bliss in heaven, purchased for them by the death of Christ ; and could they be otherwise than happy. There was no desire to return again to the ' beggarly elements of this world ;' no, all such desires were banished by the heavenly joy which they felt. Mark the efiect of these things on the 'world around ; ' fear came upon all ;' they were so taken by surprise that they were for the time disarmed, and thought not of persecution. These Chtistians com manded respect ; they were holy and harmless — upright, peaceful, and affectionate, and they put to silence the cavils of foolish men. We know this only continued for a time, but it continued long enouzb for the Church to take root, and thus, in the crucifixion of Christ God made the wrath of man to praise him. Observe the success of the Gospel. The Lord added to the Church daily such as should be saved. We can imagine the early Christians labouring and toiling for the salvation of others, and their labours were nit in vain, for the Lord sent his blessing and added daily to the Church of such as should be saved. How much is there in this early Church worthy of our imita tion ; their Christian conduct, their fraternal love, and then? anxiety for the conversion of others ! Let me urge on you to follow their example, and then shall we see larger accessions made to the Church of such as shall be everlastingly saved. The Bev. S. Mead preached an impressive sermon in the afternoon to a very fair audience considering the state of the weather. His text was from Corinthians I., chap, xv., 25th verse ; ' He must reign till he hath put all things under his feet.' In the evening a very large congregation assembled, and the room was well filled. The llev; Mr. New having given out his text, Psalm lxxiv., v. 12, 'God is working salvation in the midst of the earth,' proceeded : — ' The earth is the Lord's, aud the fulness thereof.' He reared its stately frame, He formed it for the home of man, whom he destined to honor aud serve Him that he might be fitted to enjoy all His munificent gifts. But what a different scene doeg our earth present from what God intended ! It is rolling amongst the spheres wrapt in gloom ; it isj£a revolted province in God's empire men abhor the worship of God ; they throw rtowu His altars and revile His ministers ; they bite and devour one another, and each man under the dominion of sin would be a God to himself; an enemy hath done tins : the prince of darkness has found his way here and sown the seeds of rebellion. Now there is nothing contrary to our ideas of right to suppose that God might 108117 have abandoned mankind to eternal rain, but he has not done so, he has provided a ransom''; gloomy as things are at present it will not'always remain so ; a brilliant prospect is before us ; the devil is to be de throned, idolatr? destroyed, God everywhere worshipped and beloved ; selfishness will not be known, but the mem bers of the human family will be united in one common brotherhood under their Father and God. Oh ! scenes surpassing fable yet to be real and true; God has revealed it in His own word, ani He will reyeai Hjs char acter as a God of love, a God allwise, and all His plans are to be looked at with reference to the end. Salvation is the end contemplated ; the salvation of man, not of a few, not of man generally from ^social evils, but the salvation of mankind from sin. Man's heart his become depraved, vile. His affections are estranged ; his conscienc3 is seared ; his apprehensions as to what is right are beclouded. He does not like to retain God in his knowledge. Man will \- worship the most hideous forms rather than God. This 18 no picture of the imagination ; we have only to read the accounts of heathen lands, or even to look into our own hearts for proof of this estrangement from Goi. But the holy God has determined,, notwithstanding all fins sinf ulness, to save man, to substitute light for dark ness, holiness for sin, and to qualify him fatjthe purest happiness of which intelligent spirits are capable. We faave in the language ot tne text tne process mentioned ; God is working salvation, and this process has been going on ever since the fail, and was consummated when the Son of God bowed his head upon the* cross ; God could not save roan in any other way ti^au by the sacri fice of H-« Son- Thera js no more sacred tliiog ij- trie universe than law. G od's la w had been broken, insulted . and it must be vindicated. ft must have some effective guarantee that it should be respected in any scheme for man's salvation, and this was dose in the sacrifice of the Son of God. The Divine Justice lias been appeased, and man's salvation effected. Looking back from this point we see the wonderful way in which God's designs were unfolded, the_ separation of the Jews as a peoplfTpeeuliar tp tupself, light gradually breaking until the fain ss of time wag come. And though the victim died, he was raised again. When we see twelve of His diseip es, unlearned and ignorant men, standing tooldly forth and proclaiming the risen Saviour ; when we see -one converted, by * direct and miraculous Divine agency standing forward before the Jewish Councils, before the Court of Athens, and confuting all the learning and all the sophistry of the age, we see some thing of the plan by which God wprks salvatjon. The world is under mediatorial dominion. Christ is exalted far above principalities and powers, and ever liveth to make intercession for us. He has all the attributes of God with more than all the affection and tender feelings of a brother to mankind. He does not now come forward pro minently on the scene, but he employs innumerable agencies— a complicated network of means— for the attainment of his ends, while he conceals himself behind the machinery he employs. Truth is declared by the instrumentality of men ; it is shown as precisely adapted to man — it shows the wisdom and prudence of God — it has its depths which an angel cannot penetrate. but its principles can be understood by a child— it has broken hearts and healed them — it has converted the lion into the lamb, the hoary-headed shiner to a child at the feet of Jesus. Some truth lodged in the mind has quickened a dead soul into life, like a dart tipped with celestial fire ; and this divine truth, proclaimed from the pulpit, taught in the Sunday-school, conveyed in a tract or in some colloquial form, has been in- 1 etrumental in converting souls, and is part of the process of salvation. There are.; diversities of opera tion, but the same God working in all. His operations are for the most part mysterious— they are seen only by their effects, they defy the closest scrutiny of the keenest intellects. There is, however, a wider range of His activity in -which He especially appears — in raising up individuals at special times for special purposes. He raised up Moses and qualified him for the work of delivering His people and Israel. David was also raised up as the kintr of His people ; and the prophets were inspired 'with thoughts that breathed and words that burned.' It is only in this way that we can account for twelve poor fishermen ' turning the world upside down.' At another tune God wanted an agent to shew the errors of the Church of Rome, and he raised up a Luther, and endowed him with the courage of a hero and the devotion of a martyr. God raised up his heroes too in England. When he desired to provide for the spiritual welfare Of the young he appointed Raikes to establish Sunday schools in the kingdom. God's providence, too, is an important agency. There are a number of events constantly occurring, which are not of a religious cha racter, but yet which have an important influence upon the great results which have to be worked ont, the progress of the arts, the diffusion of knowledge. Though various systems of philosophy which are ever and anou broached and launched upon the world, may sometimes seem detrimental to the spirit of Christianity, they often, by the enquriry which they cause, result in unexpected good. Those systems which are occasionally propounded with great eclat are sometimes instrumental in rousing the Church, and so are productive of good. The discoveries of gold and other sources of wealth, which excite so much of human cupidity, are overruled by God tor the benefit of the race. Foundations are being laid in this southern hemisphere for future commonwealths, and God's cause is planted here, and some of the wealth is employed for the furtherance of that cause. It is God's prerogative to wield the attri butes of man for His own wise purposes, and a man who had no design when acquiring his wealth of contributing to the furtherance of God's kingdom is often made to do so. Henry the Eighth had no idea of advancing the kingdom of God when, in the exercise of his licentious and imperious will, he separated from the Church of Rome; yet his doing so helped forward the Reforma tion. On the other hand, those humble efforts made by God's pe 'pie, in faith, are accepted by Him and worked up in the vast designs which He is accomplishing. That laborious Sabbath- school teacher, that earnest but timid tract distributor, are do:ng a work the importance of which in its results cannot be estimated until ' the day shall declare it,' and you who are engaged in erecting a place of worship to the honor and glory of God, are doing what is acceptable in his sight, and you will earn that smile which will reward you for your labors. God is doing a great work, and taking my stand on the pro phecies, I assert that we have a glorious future bsfore us ; the wilderness will become an Eden, and the desert as the garden of the Lord. But God invites your co operation. He stoops to urge you to blend with him as co-workers ; to bring your talents as He has brought His perfection. God's object is to drive the Prince of Darkness out of the world with all his hellish crew. Come then young and old, rich and poor, come to the help of the Lord in working salvation in the midst of the earth.' 