LONDON GOSSIP. I ^Tsat ToetropoVitBTi correspondent of thfe^Ztperje Albion, -»ruing on the 11th of May Tfistó^hús di «ourses of the mad member brought out ,tpj vote ?Paxlioment, of the late Duk^>of "Bedford, tl Duke of Newcastle and India, Lord Dalhousi .and other, mattera-_ A curious tragi-comio crrcumstáñce~h'as "bet >Jho anbjKot of conversation* in "private .parliamei Ttary drclea all thia week, and bad nearly been i inrpublio circles «.00 j for Roebuck, whp is^a vei dfcfwt iniipoking, out personal disagreeables, wi about'to bring'it before'the house on Thnrsda; Jbut waa dissuaded by the 'Speaker; to whoi Teat'em had intimated his intention. The fae »re these. ¡On the biell'ringing fór'tbe.gréat pari division of last, week, there.presented himself ii "the lobbydoora member who has seldom be« ieen'wi/tne house for a long-time back, but whoi «jmèn and'manner, are, such'th at, once seen, he «ot "likely to be forgotten. His ' appearance < thia:occasion was. rnprejsingular,^thau eyer./. E «came in at midnight enveloped in an enormoi itöpcoat. His., large 'wild; eyes protruded1'fro <tmderjws;'. yellowhàir,; looking'. upland askan' fronvhiis beadj'.bent upon his breast ;' his gait'w mpasraodic and angular ; and his aspect and depoi ment generally thatióf;pñe'decidedly somethit .Awe'" than* eccentric. ' Thia was' Mn' Andre iBtownrt,-member for the borough "of Cambridg How he became member,for Cambridge (1867); in itself a puzsle, he having no .property in or ai cort of connexion whatever with the place, ai ^Mg wholly-unknown to ?everybody,; beyond tl anere, fac^tibat.he was a 'first-class in classics at tl "University, a dozen years previously. Peoplo si Aeyowed bis return oxclusiyoly, to the wholesa «mrflo'yinerit bf certain auriferous'nrguments wliii JPIcts, of all persons, are' the lost to use, even t anetailj'till every'other means fail. . This Caled tninn - philo-Derbyite's ' declarations in the fam franchise lino, counted for little in th^b capital " the Pens, .the'.flats .whereof^ produce, .uncommon Jceea sliarps. in , eleotoral crotchets ; the patriot burgesses, and especially the Spartan band of fou auit^tttenty'freemra âiditèjmgunsjtp^giy^ thèp he may soy wh "Sn" pleases, or' let "it alone if. it iplea; Inna-better;-its - all one-to tho -"free ai independent." ,< ;On rthe'pot, infrequent ;occasio) when, Stewart addressed the house, during the fir couplo.bfy^eárs 'after' his return¿' his performan wi»-of avkind^ physique, vey'much in the Andrew Agnew sty] «nd perhaps in' tho ^Parson Irving unknown tongi wernacuiar, vfon it . .was .difficult to ; understand word he said, ' except that any person who vat« for Maynooth might' rely on being provided wi poBÏirunâous srílp^ur piq^bHmstorM' in perpetnit; ^or;'8Óme time baók1 ¡hVtíásíáltogetber' 'ábaenti ^mself.Tróm parliament, and the' reason'-why w; »öt'junknp^ Krvlto 'arb in, tHe^ way; tLearirigt odds and ends ; abouit lall such odditie Accordingly . his presence-at the portal of S Stëpheh's orí' Thursday night' week nearly . frigb ched'tho'head off, or the wits' oiit bf the head ', the Cerberus who keeps watoh over those privilog« precincts, and who warna ofF the profane from tl vestibule of the senatorial'talking'temple.' Tl .coagulated custodian felt as if plunged in a'Wei bam Lake refrigerator i( at the apparition of tl fiery-headed flaming- eyed Gael, and he coiled r. -in horror and a horse-hair ' chair to let him paB Why not "stop. him_ti\;:!Ba8ior.''Baid|;"than' don tThe lord High Ohàricellpr^'bf/Englatjd, could m «top a member from entering the House of Com anons, nor all tlib lunacy ; commissioners to boo including Sam Warropv^'unloss : indeed/ tho latte were to throw up a barrier to progress by , readin Xhts Lily and the Bee, which might act asa showe l)ath of poppy- juice, and BO effect a Btand-Btil But if an M.P. chose to walk into the house wit ? harpoon in one hand, a six-shot pacificator in tl tither, 'and 'a bowie- knife between his* teeth, and i Iho' luH'dress of á Cherokee Indian, to wit,' à cooke liai and a pair of straps, no' man of woman borr jior a woman ieither, not¡even a. mother-in-lav .darb lay a finger on him. Not if he bo mad No^nptfif as mad as a March hare, or two Marc ^rés^ an April fool, a Michaelmas' goose,' and Jboney-monomaniac rolled into one. ,' \- Ia Stewart mad ? " Mad . as the sea and wind ?when both contend' which is the ' mightier," a Gertrude'says of Hamlet, blit : not so mad as no -lo know a hawk from a handsaw, ki Hamlet Bay .of himself. Stewart is aware of his infirml y and wisely ga ards against his lack 0 «ense-a ' hot unprecedented " trait ' in" psycho áogical phenomena. One of the most ingeniou and subtly reasoned speeches evor made was that b' TEarl Ferrers, beforo the House of Peers, to prov' -that he was not n'rational, and[thereforenot1 responsible individual, and consequently ought no to be hanged for the murder of his steward. Bu le overdid it ; proved too much ; and was onW «ble to procure.the indulgence'of having 'his aris locratio neck stretched at Tybúrn with a patricial silk halter, instead of with a plebeian hemp rope A more singular illustration still of prudentia ?dementedness ^is'.tho'well known',' ono of Charle; >(#Zra) Lamb's sister periodically'going, at tbi approach of her paroxysms; to the mad doctor, and assisting'Tn the mechanical precautions agains lier own violonco. Now this is oxaotly Stewart'; case. A few years .ago he .really waa insane, bu recovered. Lately tho old symptoms began tc admonish him again ; and he had tho good sense httorp Jfajj&nB;'w Itfft'Mm, .to go and put hirhseli in the hands'bf Forbos Winslow, whose experience .in"Obsoure:Disoasosof tho Brain" hod probably never "furnished a sample of suoh discretion. Winslow, told ¡Stéwart ho could not take him as a ¡prívato paient iw/ibbut the regular lunatic's cer- tificate that he;waa not able to toko caro of liim eelf. That document Stewart .accordingly pro- cured, and .then |,was admitted ;-thus giving « aiow". version', of tho old story of, the. girl who applied for a refuge in a Magdalene Asylum, , but, ticing indignantly- rejectod in consequence of not iaVing'béon r'uJnód» went out, and' Bhbrtlynfter wardd camp back;,a proporly qualified Traviata, and WBB T thereupon met with open arms by the matron, prosidont, secretary, treasurer, auditor, head potter, and tindor errand boy of tho anti »dstaleB.quq , preservative association. "A patient at Winslow's Stewart long romninod, and so he -.remains1 now ; for immediately after tho division hodrovo buck, to .tho Doctor's-private establish- ment, whenceí bbiiad come unknown ' to any ono ; and tho whips thcmnol vos wore as much astonished nt findinp; him in the throng aa every ono ehe, in cocine him there. '.ii.; But this "is a' point on which the public interest in BO painful a private casa turns; and. on wli'ioli .Roebuck would linvo made it turn, namely-was ^Stewart's prosonto at such a moment and in such a'place ap'oritanebú'B. on his own part, br tho result jof contrivanco on that of the conservatives, for whonj ho voted ? r-pontanoous I thoro isJiodoubt aboutit'; 'and;lt ls because tho Speaker is BntiB üed there ls ito doubt that ho would riot permit ü^ear'em Htb- ohargo forward. It is said .that Stewart ,carabJ ' wltli(i à ' kbonor. Nothing of Alié sort. ? Ho carno iiilgno,, and < alone lie iroturnad. Colonel Taylor, tho opposition whip, is one,of thor Jdht!med who would bo a party to any suoh,pro-1 recoding, br connive at it If Ito know ii wcEo,nfîio<,! BS bo must bavo known bad there been any pre-ar rang'eruent of that kind. Stewart's votéis ágoodvote enough, gn^ counts veq^ jtfieftbn 'oWfDa'yid" hihiBelfjBaiclnay'to ta^ing-'orT ¡tlie,feáth|^weíght uppn foolscap'; and "thevQnëéh , of Slfeba woüa'jat:baye nfode hljh" foolXorjpggb*'to do btherwise,jhöwev'er coquettishly ber majesty might have set ber cap at him. Howjlong isthe jmatter to"remain as it is.! ~For ever; at least"BU a j dissolution, and that's the end of all things. Until then Stewart ia-Bitting -member,-ho we ve r jdifllcultit may be to^tancl Wm.. /.^^th/Lord-, j Adolphus Vane Tempest and the representation ¡of North Durham,-[some- pf, our . best- possible ; instructors to-day |! believing that he is . the person .whom all tho talk is about,] if Stewart ia mad he j can't, resign ; if he ; isn't mad he,îWon't.resîgn,:for ¡the resignation would prove him mad. ' There [can't be a commission, uppn,him,, for.it is certified 'already that he is non comp is, and furthe'tevir ! dence is unnecessary ; and, moreover,; who is to. ; call for it ? - His relations both his' own and'his wife's [the Banffshire Stewart's and Gordon's,\\]'tp whom, he., has returned , for'-the , présent, and"a whig commissioner, who has,obtained a> certificate of '' dangerous lunacy" since the division, is after him, are satisfied with bis conduct, and no other party^cah haye alooùs standi._as.petitioners... .Of course his constituents can't/;, for, if/ they, wore to try, ,'the," circumstances of having elected S.him would »be' ovidence of their i own craziness.' and they'would be hooted out of court as harum- Bcarura charlatans. Altogether the ,business; '.is;; asllpsr plexing as though rMri Gladstone, had 'the concob:, tiou of a prize problem for tho bewilderment of everybody and the stultificotion pf himself........ fS ; Indeed that'right honourable zigzag has pretty well divided criticism with Stewart ,'pn account of the grotesqueness of-some of bis proceedings this week ; for the Cambridge, members's .enormous pyorcpnt^ didn't 'excite half ; as uproarious*,an ejaculation of " Oh, Moses !" [and Son,] ns,did the member, forOxford . University's peájacket.ftt Wednesday's, sitting. .What, .the " Homeric soholar" in a peajackot ? Even so, though it' may be . impossible jto bot believe, it* fov gobemouclierie itself"cannot^^bo'.ex^e^Ved^tOishallow \aa seeming cariard of such bypermonstrosity; ; Shade of Helen, has it como to this ? 'Per Hercule;- bat 'one would as . soon fancy _ him putting- on ' the, shirt' of Nessus," if it were' one of ' £« six for "40s," and, lind ho-done , so, the Norfolk Centaur, Bentinck, couldn't) have grinned: moro 'grimly!Ípleased than '.at' the astounding 'spectacley1 though perhaps it isn't soj very ' a?t9n'sbihg after,;,'.. certain.',.äirat? and ¡ anti-graces.{ tjbe extraordinary exchequpr,;map is, giving :himself just'rjow. , These even's.his .colleagues aro ßaid;to find insupportable -while to'other'people they are becoming intolerable; and are seemingly"by''ho means beneficial to himself, if, we mayjjudg'e^rorri bis haggard wprncorna.vi^ii,look. . Chatham With the gout was a pleasant meek and mild ministerial aasóciáteícpmparéd ip, Gladstone, with thpsp^ebn; if a titho of what ono hears be a tenth patt true i arid poor 'little Finality in particular, who alway s ' imagined himself tho greatest maniin'th'o wc rid till tho Vienna fiasco, is so overpowered by finding another person assuming to bo: twice as great; and arrogantly overbearing everybody who won't'accept that loudly-barked dogma, that it ia probable lio really,will, at last take refuge' ;in tho péèrs'when his brother the DùkeV how. Breath's 'door, shall have reached the Bedford .Level of Chenies, the Russell resting-place. ' There 'lies ' WHIiam';thè Headless ; and the heartless top,' if' Dalrymple is to,be credited, who. tells us that . the .seeming martyrdom was ; the , result - of tho ¡failure of the victim to sell himself, and that be was: BO stupid ns to rëndor'if'really a charity to relisve'bim'of a brain-case-with'never à1thought in it, '.< I ' Q Tho demise of his Grace of Bedford will lead to so many','changes 1 that, the eventuality has necessarily been the subject of a good deal of talk ever since bis illness was known to bo a fatal one. The Dnko, though never figuring ; openly in ÎYçlitiràVgot'çrè amping.the Tories br vast private 'finessing,' and consequently! great subterranean influence.. But there was little truth in tho imputation, which arose probably from tbe leyidenco'hei'gavo.of consummate ability in"the management of a vast property, weighed down with a million sterling of encumbrance when lie got it, and how enhanced to fully as much more ¡after liquidating all obligations. He was the j model administrator of all the territorial aristocracy, getting the maximum of proGt out of tho minimum jof expenditure, and so doing too in the teeth |of some of tho favourite '. maxims of the politico-economic school of, his . party. ThuB, ns regards ono of their first principles, tho division of labour, he didn't divide, but combined his labour. Ho was his" own merchont,'banker,« factor, millwright, machino-maker' for making machines, builder, quarryman, &c;, his own every, thing. And he found tho advantage of so being. Tho works at Woburn aro on a colossal scale ; and it is mainly in consequence bf their so being that tho Dnko was able to pince on the estate thoso1 SOO labourers' ' cottages, : which '. Meehi himself pronounces paragons of excellence and economy. It is strange that so liborat- mindod and liberal-handed , a . man, and. i one in. whom the pride of blood was a paramount- passion,1 should permit BO near a relativo as'Lord Charl CB to occupy so mean:and poorly, paid.a place as Sergeont-ot-Arms in the Commons, with a salary about equal tb what his Grace probably paid ono of his stewards. Not that the Duke paid by any means a high figure for stich or, any other indivi- dual's services ; he had a large organized staff of auditors, solicitors,' and the like, both for the London 'house property, and the country landed property; and the most was made pf evorything in the best possible way. Hence the immense pecuniary results to himself and benefit to the tenantry. Of these results it is thought that Lord John will bc a participant to tho extent bf tho samoBnm as his father the late Duke, with tho conaont of the presont, loft to him aa a chargo on tho estate, namely, .£100,000, tho interest wheroof has.constituted nearly all tho noble lord's private income for mopy years. Snob, income, would be, inadequate to a peorage, and certainly to the. trans- mission of ono to his son,; and tho provisioning of his younger children. But,'it is assumed by those who look upon tho privato nflhirs of the Russells as publia property, and assuredly thc Russells have lookod upon public affairs as privato propetty, ¿hat if Finality fell in for anothor " plum,*' throngh fraternal genoroeity now, ho would nat hositato to Walk up stairB, and Bubsido into quietude nt Inst, explosive epistolary gymnastics pf course ev copied. , " ; ' ,','" ! The Loir to tho dukedom, . the Marquis pf Tavistock, and many years member for tho family borough pf that name, is childless, . nnd certain to Romain soy being upwards of fifty, and n chronic paralytic invalid.".'' But Lord 3*phn isn't tho noxt heir to his nophuw the Marquis. ; Tlioro intorvona threo sons of tho present tiul<uV l<ita brother George, ono bf tbeaö softs bélii¿ Hastings Russell! [married], member fdr Bedfordshire ; aud anothor is the .sitting monibor -forTavistock, formerly private secretary to Lord John. The present I lJuko w.as Biimmonotl .by writ to thc peers daring i (ibo luto Boko's liiutiina by the -titlo of lil« fatitcr'H .barony «f JIo ryland ; luit tba .dukodom carries \--.. . -'-: with it also two other baronies, that of Rtis«e.H' of Chenies, Bedfordshire, and Rassellof Thórnháugb, Nott» ; and it ia probably ¡'ai'í Baron'.RuBsoll'tbat the histórico or biBtribnico Jack would choose to be known as an hereditary legislator.'"-Be"that aa it may, the belief is, and it is only a reasonable one, that ho will endeavour to escape, the humiliation of being a_ questionable^somebody in-the'Com mcSa by Tjecoming an unquestionable nobody/ in tho Lords at the earliest' moment.' When,the: present-ministry, break up,.his leadership of tba ; Common»'., opposition is,,not_to bejthought, of, .even if there was no Palmerston ; ¿nd "that fie j should- play i second .fiddle, or. more.? likelyi j fifth fiddle, in the orchestra he so long conducted [isa degradation-which-it is lo- be hoped he .will shrink from j veiling his mortification in ; a coronet,' anet ,pèrhaps assisting with bated breath .in,,another whisper,.of ¡W faction," aa he once called the utterance of the Upper House in regard to his lowering measure of '31-2. . But there are ; other ministerial;';, mutations^ '! arid, ; .causes; (of ' mutation's Z at ; i;workV, * ; 'Noíwíthstanding, l(, the ridicule \ thrown -i by, i. the -f,. leading., journal on a so-called mis- leading one respecting 'the' statement that Herbert was about' toj vacate' the ^ar-qfflee/^^tii^ei{t~^ perfctly true, though the poor' typographic, gobse'who'mado it precipi- tately! swallowed bis own swords, and pronounoed himself an ass, the moment the thundering fabri- cator contradicted him. ' The noble Sidney; Pig- gledy , is j about' .bapkiitg out bf Do'whing-atre'et, which ; is ', becoming -a,. regular Balaklava, : from cabinet endearments of the Cardigan and Lucan ordor; and the Duke 'pf ;Higgledy is Crime'dnly uncomfortable¡from a variety^ and last '"being the 'snubbing he";,has,received through his greedy fellow- redhead, 'Argyll*' having been offered India, and, will it ^be . 'believed;' Reclining it',! * "Yes'f i the ''chiéîof .trie 'clan Oomp,-¡ bells', tho" representative pt/ Rob,-;Kby, positively, refuses, to ipapk up his portmanteau for .the land of trunks-elephants, of course. Tho-canny Scot bas not been1 studying Eastern affairs j it seems, for nothing. "He is-persuaded thatHhe'Jast'rupee,,is shaken off the pagoda' ^ is"being,uprooted. And'really , it doesn't require one to be very far north, or quite a double-sighted Highlander, to peceive that'..consummation Toom ' ing in they immediate future, when we behold the stark-stáring' idiotcytbat 'characterises all British proceedings-inj connexion with every thing oriental, not only as regnrds the ministry, but-' the ¡public;1 i It is enough,- br Bho'uld -be: Wniold' more tha^ ; enough, to point, to, tho mode.in,'/.which'', the' c'om I munity suffers/itself.,to. bb, befooled, and " bam " bpoaled. about, the, Suez Qanalj without eyer, even asking itself ^toÄy all this'agitation' shbuldrbe got up;against a thing, fiat 'is-proolaimed not to < con i corn tus, though the little ^modicum 'of, common-' I éénW wo'önce'!ha'oi dt'd tell osithatit'^^bonçe'rni i us most vitally,and,¿1mpsjt.favourably,;.aud^it¡is I only/ our subsequently( highly cultivated) ignorance , that conld furnish forth this m «st incongruous and' nonsensical pf all/anr^ i very,¡moment',;we aro threatened',with a',cotton, 1 famino fraught ¡ wi th consequenoes,, compared with . which' the potato-rot' was a flea-bite,'1 we are I taught by a '.'.truly, British, minister to; howl against a most important .'medium bf reaching the i only available .Rupply, and. nt tho'same time tho oñíy'means of retaining our hold on India. >;The' [ conduct,of the'London /mob ^n 'smashihg Guy's i and .'Bar'thblemew^s, ^indóí¡TS,^,ahd ' cracking, the i heads.of. the apothecaries, with their own pharma i ceutical pestles, by way of curing the cholera; was ; aTwise," Christian, and, philanthropic "proceeding compared- with .such ' Judipious. BbHle/Hplding.i| and-BO tho nose-;íéd/Mr..Búllí will |presently; find ; out. # t ?"? "-'1 ! Why;Newçastlodidn't get, Indiá¿:whichJib very, ' mucnJwanted,' though India by nb; means .wonts! him, for it would be out of-the frying-pan into the fire were his coally- tiiledi and-igneouB-crownedii Grace to put his foot in it, is pretty well under-'' . stood to be tho Duke's, incurable" inaptitude Iori ;' figures of arithmetic, as exhibited in more..ways .' than there; are means of telling, AB his-Graco isn't'to go, who is?' Elgin-if ho'like ; and' there is very little if about ¡tl Let us hope that,' ' if he do gp, he won't land nt'Cnlcuttn in a French hat, the .sight of, which would undoubtedly rouse j the ghost of Wilson from his nao-in tho Ked bea, where it is to be wished that that busy spirit has long boen at rest; But.'really, to look at the Earl popping down the,steps of Westminster Hall last night, with one of these now fangled Parisian abominations on his head, recalling the old Bob Logie mode of Tom and Jerry, when Duncomb e was a Corinthian, and . to contemplate tho little lord's perky : air and danoiDg- master manner, was enough to fill one with terror in connexion with, tho first impression such a'fcçé, figure, and bearing are' calculated lo producé bri tlíe descendants pf the subjects of, Bnber.-Akbar, and Aurungzebe. By what fatality is it that the persons we Bind to. India, whore so much depends _upon corporeal, appearunçe, . tiré nearly ' all ignoble looking mnnnikins? liven Wellesley, who had. a majestic mien, and played the viceroy, wit li Buper-regnl, splendour, was only about five and a half foot; and, to be stire, for the! matter of that Warren Hastings himself, who ,out-Timbured Tamerlane, was little bigger., Truejualso,! there was Ellen- borough, a splendid-looking fellow,, as he still, is arid wc seo how happily he hit the native fanoy by warbling the song of Somnnugbt' as 'naturally as', though ho lind been reared on tdligators' o¿»gs, and, not ono of them addlod. But Minto.and. Auckland wore of the ill-favoured rat-catchor Isle-of-skye terrier tribe ; and Hardinge was, .tho reverse bf imposing, because of his diminutive.size/.,abd' maimed limb, though his countenance.was pleasing! enough : while Dalhousio was just : the cock-' sparrowish popingjay, a magpie in1 mind and manner,trying to look like an ,owl(,by way of seoming wiso, that Napier called him. Strange that so insignificant an instrument should have wrought such ruin; as but for him the india of to-day would have been what it was until his-day nud what it will nover be more-the pride, of Eng¿ land, as tho administrative equal of Rome ;-but Rome with no Oivis Romaniis of the Tiverton stamp in tho Capitol, keeping Punic, faith with the conscript Fnthors in regard . to,,papyrus, or wbntover was the-paper question of S.P.CJ.R. Dalhousie's lares and penates, otherwise his pots and pans, at Wnlmor (Justin, bavobcen saved from HU'hw irth and Jarvis' auctioneering hammer by the now Lord Wurden buying them all in, ono lot, nt the last minuto. The, catalogues wbro . prlntod, but not distributed, and great has . boen tho disappointment of the curiosity hunters who had plnnnod excursions for tho "on 'viow" to-day. and yoeterduy, But there is roally, no cause for mortification on this hoad.- There'is nothing in the placo worth seeing, except tho pince itself, the "Duke's Room," «; Pitt's Roora," «« Nelson's Boom," and the superb terraqueous panorama, inoluding tho spcotaule (to. tho mind's eye) of the y ot invisible invasive fleet of our beloved ally over« ! die water, whom any one can already seo grimacing. Mophistophelianly nt bur bedeviled Warrior,' which might, hare, been built of tho heads bf our, Admiralty. Would it wore equally impenetrable as that wood 1 Though the furnitute extends to' G IO lots, it ÍB all of tho plainest, though of the best kind, having boon toads Sot Wellington by no'Wblggiris ;ïhd is rather*odd that it should havo become the property m* him whose maxim, Take care of Dowb," is tlië opitope pf Scotch tender- ness towards Number Qne^for it was Panmure, now Dalhousie, whp .sold' his coiisin's goods and chattels to ' Palmerston;^ K-That the Viscount [through his better half, ^veritably a golden rib] should be able to buy thom is not the least re- markable of the" many~siugularitie8".of*his"snrpTi~ sing career. ! Had(he been in a 'similar position, or anything like.it,.nay, jhad. he .been_aMe.to_pay. for a; three-legged stool anjdpa-lag ef mutton iiy. iand'thirty years ago,¡tbe world would have bèen:â i very different world"at this nour; j ust as Bourrienne tells us,' the world'would >havn been'a wholly dif-i ; ferent world had Buonaparte been able «tb pay for 'halfa.dozen twpfrano dinners, when he came to Paris, instead of nearly starving on two sou's worth of bread per diem, and therefore obliged to snatch at the first windfall,4 regardless' of; where it came from. Had Pam not been empty banded then, be never,'would - or could have been forced by'that iced-cream of.'all Tartars,'. Princess Lleven [vide the F.M.'s opinion of her in:Raike's] upon' 'Grey';.and 'fifty. Btur^ndoua ttópgs that* have happened stripe,never could have occurred,¿.while fifty other things that have not occurred would have happened-ono being the liberation; of Poland in '33, which alone would have-transmogrified the face of thc universe ere this, and the countenance of everyman in it. But wouldn't his own great talents have' made him a-great man ? ' Fiddle- sticks 1 He had no great talents, pr why weren't they found ¿ut during tho; twenty' odd . years he was in office ? a How comes it,, then, that he is now the indispensable man? Because there ¡sn otherf; ? and thot a very mediocre capacity suffices to hold a position pfjthe first class in this country for many years there i's superabundant proof iu tho prolonged premierships of a'Noodle'and a Doodle;-to wit, orrather'without wit,'tho'Duke pf Newcastle ¿nd tlve'.'Earl Pf Liyorpppl. ; ' Each of these, .conducted .England through a'.tremendous, crisi8,-and in ethe face of an opposition1 whose pig-, mies were Titans compared with"-such dwarfs upon stilts as thc Pakingtons and 'that' sort in these days. lip,; tho Viscount was.put upon the right lino, .-that', is, the winning .line, for himself,, in ;''3S ; ¿' and - his ibe >? the praise pf, . tho' prudence, 'that' has", kept'' him', from quarrelling with bis bread and butter since,' álboit' the butter has been occasionally so intolerably tallowy that'the stomach of an .Esquimaux,'or of. the discoverer of codjliyer oil, would have revolted.' It is unlucky for posterity .that"; Archbishop ; Whately,?,.spoiled a, fine, idea by his'"Historic : Doubts concerning Napoleon Buonaparte," proving: ', that no'such persone»er lived.- This.will be the belief of hereafter about Palmerston; and no proof in support' of the conviction need be adduced, as lit will be' held , to be . self-evident that no jsuch person11 ever could- havo 'existed. ! He will take mythical rank with King Arthur; ' and, not'withdut..reason either,'for if' it.wasn't for a " round table!' neither of them would ever have been heard of. Tho placing pf.' parliamentary ; feet Under the Piccadilly Pembroke mahogany is . tho preliminary pas in'tbat omnipotential spirit-' ' rapping which knooks everybody over on the floor of' St. Stephen's quite 'as' effectually as 'ever wits said to. haye^ been dorie by tho Welsh'wizards in ' the "Ancient British legend.'. But tbe I\\* gilded ' saloon'' Bpoll is drawing to a close; and then tho familiars of the necromancer will'be the first to tell us ho was- no great conjuror after all, just up to a trick or two ; but certainly'ono of tríese must have boen a trick Wörth knowing ; arid it' is plea- sing, in tho interests of the sublime -science of humbug, to feel assured that the art is safe in the ' keeping ofthe Viscount's residuary legatee, the member for Bucks, i , ... - , .'" 