GIDEON GRUNDY'S BUNDLE OF STICKS. | JNO. 4.-AVnAT Hron MILLER GRANTED IN A BRANCH BANK, -USEFUL ALIKE TO BORROWERS AND LBNDBR. I HITHERTO Hugh Miller had been engaged "Hammering and clinking, chattering stony names Of shale, and hornblende, rag and trap, and tuff, Amygdaloid and trachyte," but now was initiated into the mysteries of banking " The branch bank furnished me with an entirely new and curious field of observation, and formed a very admirable school for the cultivation of a shrewd common sense, a bank office is one of perhaps the best schools in the world More cleverness serves often only to be fool its possessor The gets entangled among his own ingenuities, plans bdities, special pleadings all that make the stump orator great, must be brushed aside by the banker The question with him comes always to be a sternly naked one is, or is not, Mr \- a person fit to be trusted with the banks money IS his sense of monetary obligation nice, or obtuse? Is my judgment good, or the contrary Are his speculations sound, or precarious' What are his resources ' what his liabilities' Is he facile in lending the use of his name' Does he sat on sand-hills, as boys swim on bladders ? or is his paper representative of only real business transactions > Such are the topics which, in the recesses of his own mind, the banker is called on to discuss and he must discuss them, not merely plausibly or ingeniously, but solidly and truly ; seeing that error, however illustrated and adorned, or however capable of being defended in speech or pamphlet, is sure always with him to take the form of pecuniary loss. My superior in the agency, a good and honorable minded man of sense and experience was admirably fitted for calculations of this kind and I learned, both in his behalf, and from the pleasure which I derived from the exercise, to take no little interest in them also. It was agreeable to mark the moral effects of a well-conducted agency such as his. However humbly honesty and good sense may be rated in the great world generally, they always, when united, beat premium in a judiciously managed bank office. It was interesting enough, too, to see quiet silent men, like ' honest Farmer Jflamburgh," getting wealthy, mainly because though void if display, they were not wanting in integrity and judgment; and clever unscrupulous fellows like ' Ephraim Jenkin- son,' who spoke to good purpose,' becoming poor, very much because, with all their smartness, they lacked sense and principle. It was worthy of being noted, too, that in looking around from my peculiar point of view on the agricultural classes, I found the farmers on really good farms, usually thriv- ing, if not themselves in fault, however high, their tents ; and that, on the other hand, farmers on sterile lands were not thriving, however moderate the demands of the landlord. It wasmoremelancholy,butnot less instructive to learn, from authorities whose evidence could not be questioned, bills paid by small instalments, or lying under protest is that the small farm system, so excellent in a past age, was getting rather ensued for the energetic competition of the present one and that the small formers-a comparatively comfortable class some sixty or eighty years before, who used to give dowries to their daughters, and leave well-stocked farms to their sons were falling into straightened circumstances, and becoming, however respectable elsewhere, not very good men in the bank. It was interesting, too, to mark the character and capabilities of the various branches of business carried on in the place- how the business of its shopkeepers fell always into a very few hands, leaving to the greater number, possessed, apparently, of the same advantages as their thriving compeers, only a mere show of custom, how precarious in its nature the fishing trade is especially the herring fishery, not more from the uncertainty of the fishing themselves, than from the fluctuations of the markets and how in the export trade of the place a judicious use of the bank's money enabled the curers to trade virtually on a doubled capital, and to realise, with the deduction of the bank discounts, double profits. In a few months my acquaintance with the cnarac ter and circumstances of the business men of the district became tolerably extensive and essentially correct and on two several occasions, when my superior left me for a time to conduct the entire business of the agency, I was fortunate enough not to discount for him a single bud belt. The implicit confidence reposed in me by so good and sagacious a man was certainly quite enough of itself to set me on my metal (mettle.) There was, however, at least one item in my calculations in which I almost always found myself incorrect. I found I could predict every bankruptcy in the district, but I usually fell short from ten to eighteen months of the period in which the event actually took place. I could pretty nearly determine the time when the difficulties and entanglements which I saw ought to have produced their proper effect and landed in failure; but I missed taking into account the desperate efforts which men of energetic temperament make in such circumstances, and which, to the signal injury of their friends, and lots of their creditors, succeed usually in staving off the catastrophe for a season. In short, the school of the branch bank was a very admirable school, and I profited so far by its teachings, that when questions connected with banking are forced on the notice of the public, and when my brother editors have to apply for articles on the subject to literary bankers, I find I can write my banking articles for myself." No. 6. SOLEMNIZATION- OF MATRIMONY BY A PRE- I TENDED CLERGYMAN. At the last Wiltshire Assizes (1861) Edward Seymour Burch (who was brought up in custody from Treen) was indicted for feloniously and wilfully solemnising matrimony between George White and Ann Andrews, according to the rites of the Church of England, he not being in holy orders, at Rushall, on the 10th November. The facts of the case will be in our readers' recollection. Evidence having been adduced in support of the charge, the prisoner read a long statement in his defence, ki which he submitted that his identity had not been established, and that the representation made by the party who celebrated the marriage as to his being in holy orders might have meant the orders of the Church of Rome. His Lord- ship, in summing up, said it had been clearly shown that the prisoner celebrated this marriage, and the only fact, therefore, for the consideration of the jury was whether the prisoner was ever in holy orders at all. The prisoner was doubtless correct in saying that a person might be in a holy orders in the Church of Rome, but then if he I really had been invested with the orders of that Church, it was his duty to have given proof of the fact The jury found the prisoner guilty, and the . Judge, in passing sentence, said, in a social sense, the offence of which he had been found guilty was of a most serious character. It was impossible to conceive the evil such conduct would produce on society if it were generally permitted. He did not believe that any person could state truly that the laws of England were cruelly administered; but when an educated man a man who had pretended to be a clergyman, and who had been the under master of a school-was found guilty of an offence likely to be attended with such serious consequences, the time was come for the law to show that it could punish and put down acts of this sort. As a warning to others, he intended to pass upon him the extreme sentence of the law, which was that he be kept in penal servitude for ten years. The prisoner had been previously tried at Brecon on a similar charge, and sentenced to seven years' penal servitude. No. 5. WHY CimisTorirF-n LEACH BATTERED HIMSELF. The following letter, bearing upon the strange subject of self-baptism, has been handed to Gideon Grundy as a counterpart to his story of self-marriage. It may be entirely relied upon, on the authority of the late Archdeacon of St. Alban's, Dr. James Watson, Rector of Hackney, Middlesex : Sir,-In reply to your enquiry through our excellent friend, the Archdeacon of St. Alban's, I hasten to state what cannot easily be forgotten. On my first coming to this parish, I found Christopher Leach, drawing near to his eightieth year, in the occupation of a small farm, illiterate, but respected by all around him for his uniform habits of industry and sobriety, and his general good conduct. He lived a mile from the church, a trying hill for aged limbs lying between the house of God and his own ; but he was still seen not unfrequently at the former, though never at the Lord's table. On this subject I took frequent opportunities of conversing with him, but for years in vain. He seemed indisposed to comply with my wishes, though , ready to allow that it was his duty to do so. On the ' day that he completed his ninetieth year, I took my walk that way, being aware of the circumstance and after a few natural remarks on the goodness of God in prolonging his life with the use of his faculties beyond the ordinary period, I drew him by degrees to the subject of many former conversations and then it was that he said he would let me into a secret which he could never bring himself to disclose before, though it had all along been the principal cause of his hesitation with regard to the Lord's supper. " I was never christened, sir, owing to a disagreement on the subject of baptism between my father and mother one of whom was a member of the Church of England, the other an Anabaptist Growing up to ulan s estate, and hearing the matter often talked of, I began to feel uneasy and in that state of quiet I got up very early one summer's morning and walked down to Common Moor (through which flows the River Colne), when I took off my clothes and walked into the water, baptising myself in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy) Ghost Returning home, I told no one at the time what I had done, hoping all was right But in later life I have often hid my doubts, and particularly since I was urged to come to the other sacrament " From the honest character of old Leach, I have no doubt he told me on that occasion the exact truth, singular as the story may appear I thanked him for his confidence in me, and earnestly entreated him to comply without delay. with the form of baptism established in our church, and I had in fact the pleasure of baptising him the following week, in the presence of his two sons, men between, fifty and sixty years of age, the eldest of them still living man adjoining parish, on a considerable farm belonging to Lord Clarendon, to whom he is bailiff In a week or 60 after the ceremony of baptism, he received from the same hand, and in company with his eldest son and a third person, the other sacrament also and he continued to receive it from time to time all his death A grave stone in Rickmansworth church yard records that event thus - To the memory) of CIIKIhlOllil li Li- ACU, who died 11th October, 19", aged 91, Beloved by all who knew him. E. H. Rickmansworth, May, 1932 