DESTITUTE BOARD. Thursday. August 22. Present—Messrs. Mildred, M.P. (in the chairi; Hawkes, S.M. ; Bcddome, S.M.; Ulandfieta, Mayor; Moore, Colonial Suixeon; Holthouae, Secretary; and Bee, BelievingOfficer. - The Relieving Ofiicer reported having admitted to the Asylum since last meeUhg ten persons, and issued outdoor relief in one new case. COUXTOT APrLICATTOXS. ifitcham.—From Dr. Burton, District Chairman, on behalf of Ann Ford, whose hiisliand had been in Melbourne three and a half years, fie had sent her 501. in alt. but had not been heard of for the. lastsix months. She had parents represented to he in middling circumstances. One ration for one month was granted pending further enquiries. Kadina. — From Mr. Shepherdson, S.M., on behalf of Bertha Pock, whose husband he had committed to the Local Court for larceny; and for continuance of relief to Sarah Evans. Pock was granted one ration for two months, and Evans one for six weeks. Noarlunga.—From Mr. Budgen, District Chair man, for continuance of rations to Bridget O'Dwycr and Ann Thompson. O'Dwyer was granted one and a halt and Thompson one, for Lhrce months in each case. . Macclesfield.—From the District Clark, tor re tiewal of rations to James Hogan and ^Joachim lirucgor. Hogan was granted twoand ahalf for three months, and Kruegcr one and a half for the 3at^r?iS.-From Mr. Davies, Ctairman, to con tinuance of rations to Mrs. McDonald. vine for three months was granted. _ . _ . Talunga.—From the District Cleric, for renewal of S. Ditling's rations, as her husband had not yet been found. Two were granted for one month. Yanindlila—Prom the District C3erk, on behalf of a woman named Page, whose husband went to the Snowy River in April 1860. When last heanl of he was unable to get home for want of funds. She applied for admission to the Asylum for her three younger children. The Board declined to receive the children, but* granted her one and a half rations for six weeks. i Port Lincoln.—Three accounts, arising from the ; case of a sick man name! John Wall Robinson, were presented to the Board as followsGeorge Lawson, medical attendance, 41.10s.; Henry Lar | kins, nursing and necessaries, If. 10s.; and John Simmons, for liis interment, 3f. 10s. They were certified by Sir. Holroyd, S.SL The two former were deferred for further enquiry. The item foe digging grave lli.) in tire latter was considered toov much; 10s. was therefore struck off, and the account recommended for payment. Melrose.—An account from TV. Rounsevel], 3t> and one from G. B. Smith, 15s., for conveyance of John Tobin from Melrose to Adelaide. Both re commended for payment. Kapunda.—From Mr. J. S. Browne; S.M.; for continuance of rations to Mrs. Armstrong. One and a half rations for three montlis were granted. Highercombe.—From Mr. "VVeir, District Choir, man, for renewal of Widow Hollingsworth's rations. One was granted for two weeks. PERSONAL APPLICATIONS. Rations were continued to M. A- Dixon, William. Reid, A. Bertram, Martha Lamb, Robert Baker, Clara Woodrufic, Mary pickens, and Maria Smith. Thomas Burrows, a new applicant, was granted two for three months- Admitted—Catherine McKay. Refused—Jane Brooks and Jane Wil liams. Deferred—Maria-Brazer. Hindmabsh Institute.—On Tuesday evening, the 20tli instant, the Rev. W. Wilson delivered his second lecture upon Columbus, the discoverer of America, at the Hmdmarsh Institute. Mr. T. Magarey, Ml.P., occupied the chair, and in a few suitable' remarks huroduced the lecturer, who resumed his subject from where he left it, and in an interesting manner proceeded to recount the principal features which marked the {treat discoverer's career up to the time of bis departure from Hispaniola for Spain, wl " ' " . . .—, where he was received with ail the honours, Ins glorious achievements having preceded him. In his concluding observa tions the rev. gentleman pointed out the charac teristics of Columbus, his reverence for the Divine Being, his earnest desire after the welfare of his fellow-creatures, and bis filial affection, which manifested itself with all its warmth when in the meridian of his glory. The lecturer was listened to throughout with great attention, and the warm thanks of a large audience was unanimously ten dered to him. A vote of thanks having been accorded to the Chairman for presiding that evening, and for bis valuable present of-books to the Institute, as also to the Bev. Mr. Wilson, the evening's engagements were brought to a close by a collection to defray the incurred expenses. Brichton Volunteers.—The First Brighton Rifles, at their weekly practice on Wed nesday, August 14, made very good shooting; the average being 11.5; distances, 150 and 200 yards. With the exception of four young members that recently joined, almost every rifleman scored well beyond his ten rounds. One man marked as many as 10 points. Target practice being over. Instructor Frazer, in his own masterly and efficient style, bandied the company for some time. The mem bers subsequently held a meeting for the election of officers, consequent on the resignation of Captain Walsh. The following members were unanimously electeilyiz. -.—Lieutenant James Niall to be Captain; W. FeatherstoneLieutenant; arid Private Thos. Richards Oorooral. Victoria Theatre.—The tragedy" of " Hamlet" was produced on Tuesday evening, Mr. Robert Heir performing the philosophical Prince of Denmark. This.is one of the most difficult characters in the English drama, and with the cx g of Mr. G. V. Brooke still fresh in quisite acting of Mr. G. V. Brooke still fresh inour memory it is no small praise to bestow on Mr. Heir to say that bis performance was not a failure. Tliis gentleman possesses many natural advan tages, and be has evidently been a close student. He lias a fine person, a rich voice, and graceful action; but lie is somewhat uneven in his style. Nothing could exceed the correctness with which he rendered the text, and his mastery was com filete over the obvious meaning of the language: >ut he added few new graces to the delivery, and he struck no new light in his highly elaborated study of the part The soliloquies' were given with impressive emphasis, and occa sionally, when adequately supported, he ^ rose above the monotony of mere correctness, or the fitful energy of conventional passion, and electrified the audience with a touch of nature. Mrs. Heir liad not sufficient scope in Ophelia to call all her powers into play, but sue gave a charm ing delineation of the love-lorn daughter of the self-sufficient Chamberlain. Her, scenes with Hamlet were exceedingly beautiftfl, and the mad scenes deeply affecting; but, as we have said, she is equal to far more ambitions business than is comprised in the character of Ophelia. In one respect Mr. and Mrs. Heir have a great advantage over other performers of great pretensions—they are both young enough, to offer no violence in their appearance to the sense of sight when they assume such parts as those allotted to them on Tuesday evening. Mr. Cox looked and played Claudius well, Mrs. Hill made a capital Gertrude, Mr. Hill was a tolerable Horatio, Mr. Lawrence was barely tolerable in Laertes, Mr. Hooper was good as Polonius, land Mr. Macgowan was most amusing in the gravedigger; indeed his comic acting was only excelled by tbe more funny attempt, at serious performance by Messrs. Beading and AYilson as Guildcrsteru and Bosencrantt. As usual with tbe limited companies tha&figure; in the Victoria, several ocrformers bad to do, double duty, among which Mr. Fitzgerald's. Ghost and Mr. Cox's Osrick were deserving of special notice. There was a very thin attendance in thcboxes, but the nit and gallery were well tilled. The very beau tiful play " Love's Sacrifice*' was repeated to a tolerably good house on Thursday evening. The piece was most carefully got up and judiciously cast, each performer having apparently allotted to hirn the character best suited to his peculiar powers. The Matthew Elmore of Mr. Heir was a brilliant rendering of a correct conception of the author's ideal. His every word and. action was instinct with the terrible consciousness'of con cealed guilt, and the unceasing dread of discovery, disgrace, and death. He spoke and moved 'as if weighed down by some dark spirit which poisoned his honest domestic enjoyments, and .rendered even "the luxury of doinggood" a source of daily care and nightly terror. His recital of the agonies which a proscribed but concealed criminal -endures was most harrowing, and toe conflicting passions aroused by the revelations of the villain Lafont, and the disclosure of his merciless scheme, were given with a truth to nature-which alternately compelled a breathless silence and extorted loud and gennhie applause. The Margaret Elmflreiof Mrs-Har was by far toe finest impersonation of fhisdiflicult character whieji we pave" been—and it jb^'been often and well rendered on ourboards. "Her tran sitions were as telling as truthful, from - toe buoyancy of the light-hearted ghi-tolhe'Absorbed maiden who had ingenuously "-told - her low;", from the proud scorn with whichshe repelled toe villain's wooing to tbe agony pfbebevingthefother —whose honour she idolized^* ielott, whose life depended upon the concealment of a crimewhich cried to heaven for vengeance; and then the crowning sacrifice, by which she .consented Jo forego ail her own hopes of. happiness, to save'that loved, although crime-stained," life, was so deeply affecting that many a "moistened eye bore glistening testimony to 'the witchery- of Iter genius. Mr. - KtzgerahFs- Latent ;waa studied, and most .creditably performed, arid Cox was equaUy^eflective in-Sfc. Lo. Mr. Mac gowan made up Jean Buse splendidly, andLpIayed it judiciously. He hit the nappy medium, which few comic actors can attain or are contenttoptop at, namely, that of being intensely' amnmqg without bging coarse or. absurd,, Mr. Hooperwent well through .toe not very striking character ed Friar Dominic, and toe ladies were .all that 'could possibly be desired. Mis. JEll wasarch, voUfue, and capricious as Hermoine; Mrs. ' Cox <ras cunning and .clever as Manon; and Mrs.Mac gowan gay and graceful as Jenny. .So very suc cessful was the piece that the audience called Mr. and Mrs. Heir no less than three times beforetoe curtain to express their admirationtand we wye no doubtthatif the arrangements of the manager will admit of a repetition of "Love's -Sacrifice, that it will command a full attendance.... .•?.•*;&*' A Good Name.—How often doesw happen that a man learns that he hadsaywwl name only when he ceases to pbww itl' jff a man would know what his friends tbougut of mm, let it be given out that he is deadprnas unfortu nately picked a pocket. ThMmute Opmim finds a toncue—" He was toe best offejlows. _; Look at Home.—When once a noma is regarded by the $pnng as only s place to eat and 6lcep in, the work is bejpin that ends in a down - ward career. Toung people roust pave relaxation somewhere ; if they do* hot Bad itat their own hearthstones,' it wul be sought, at other and per haps less profitable places. Therefore^ at nigbt, , make the homestead delightfulwith all those little I arts that parents onght to understand. Don't repress the buoyant spirits of your children ihalf an hour ofroemment round the fireli^it of a home bloteout dreTemmhrong^of^ttumy a careduon^: them into the world is the unseen influence d a bright little inner sanctum.—Ota Jcm^UumL ■ . The Banker and the Sauor.—When Mr.Hankey was in vogue 'B8 s London banker.« sailor had, aspart ofhigmy.a'drsftrohhlm for . fifty pounds. *ihis the sailor thought an immense stun, and calling at tbe house, insisted on seeing ! the master in private-' Utis Ms it'lawi KnMea to; mid when thebanker and sailor met together the following conversatioii BMfedr- Mt Han aey," saps thesailor.'Tvegot^ticHerlor ypu; didn't like to expose ran before the lads.'' " That •was kind; JPray, slut1! thedBiiSsrF' ""Never mind; don't be afraid, I wtSft hnrtyon:'.'tis« fifty." *'Ah; that's :Ja liiMerf?loSeiSL? "Doat fret: give mcfive pounds rww.Andtheresiotso much per week.""IIhui'tr 