English News. A Morder REVEALED BY . x GHOST, AT KEKDAL.-The "Kendal Mercury" relates the following strange story At the high end ofStramongaie, in Kitty Gibson's yard, -tapd some very old buildings, and in one of these, a part of which laces the street, and wa3 about a century ago, a pub lichouse, known by the sign of the Black Horse, the /ollowing strange occurrences took place a few days ago:-There is a cottage at the upper end of this yard, which is occupied by a man named Joseph AUin» son, bobbin-turner, and one of the .inmates, a young woman of «he name of Marian .'AN vilan, sister of Mrs. Allinson, who has been I bedridden and nearly blind for some time past, and an object of-sympdlhy, on account oi her sufferings,' is the. medium through w hich the strange story now in circulation has been set afloat. It appears' that on Monday night last, while some five or six men and women were sitting by the fireside downstairs, all at once they were considera* bly alarmed " by some heavy sounds, as if some one was . knocking vio'eutly in a room upstairs; this noise continued (or some time--knock-knock-knock-louder and louder-so much so that the concussion shook the house as if it were to be brought down altogether-one person stating that the chair in uhiqh he was sitting was fairly lifted up. What could be the cause of this fearful noise? It was suggested ttat perhaps the pour young woman ill in bed and help less, might have fallen on the floor, 'and was knocking for . assistance, . On proceed ing to her apartment, she gave forth this curious revelation, wliich bids fair to emu late the faivfamed Cock-Lane Ghost, - An apparition had visited her (which she was permitted to behold for a time and then her eyesig'ht left her as before-,) the figure of a man dressed in black of a grim and rough aspect. She describes something breathed in her face, that the lighted candle in the room burned dim, and finally either went out of its own accord,, or was extinguished by some unseen hand, when ,the figure ap peared as stated. On acquiiing sufficient utterance, she inquired of the Ghost, in '.lie name of the Hoi}' Trinity, why she was troubled with his presence. On jtheHhird time of asking,-the spectre spoke in a thick, husky, hollow voice, telling hsr, whilst point ing in the direction below, to follow him to the cellar of I he house, where on romov. ing the flagstone on the hearth, something would be found buried, which was his spe« cinPpurpose of his visit to reveal. On slaU ing this, the form of the unearthly visitant Vanished like a dim shadow.' Slowly and silently th© parties in the house went to the locality in the cellar pointed out by the man in black-dug up the hearth flag, and lound a quantity of bones (which yet remain for the inspection of the curious) buried a little above the surface. -A quantity of hop* in good preservation, were found scattered here and t(>ere over the soil. These.bones (hucran tley are said to be by some ac counted good judges in such matters), have been exaimined by scores of people. Tbeir: state of decay leads to the supposition that along, Jong time lias elapsed since they were put beneath the ground. It is to bo regretted that the ghost did not reveal more of the 4 secrets o< his prison house.' It may be he wa3 forbidden to do so-no one fi»n|.-«! r f,,at Coniecture is rife as to t e history of these canonised bones. Whe "1/°; ' natural murder has been commuted of ancieut date, long bidden but now come out under these circumstance^ we are aot prepared to sav 'rt,u;s».we and discovery so far ore the forem"!rtop°c" of remark both in the toT ""a .from the latter of which a great n^ber of dealers tn tbe marvellous have been to natl* fy themselves as to the truth of what th v had heard. iaeJ . v A GLASGOW WANDERED YOUNG Lady. At the Worship-street Police Office London, on Friday, a Mary Macdonald, a good looking and well dressed young Scotchwoman, of twenty was brought before Mr. Sergeant Gee, of the H Division under somewhat strange circumstances. The Sergeant stated, that while on duty-in the Whitechapel road between three and four o'clock that morning, a policeman brought the young woman to him, and stated that he had seen her repeatedly pass him upon his beat; and that he thought she must have been walking about in this manner for several hours. Numerous overtures of an improper description had been made to her, all of which she scornfully rejected, and this at length attracting his notice, he determined to stop and question her the next time he saw her; and on her next coming up to him, footsore and dejected, he asked her the cause of her walking so about the streets, and she with some reluctance then told him a story which induced him to hand her over- to the sergeant, who look her to the station for protection, gave her some refreshment, and determined to bring her before the magis- trate, to see what could be done with her. Mr. Safford, the Clerk, questioned the young woman, and the statement made by her and the sergeant was, that her father having died some time tine since, her mother married again, her second husband being a Mr. William Laidlaw, a grocer and teadealer, of the Spoutmouth (as it sounded) in the Gallowgate, Glasgow, who did not behave very kindly to her, though she did not allege any particular instance of unkind- ness. There was one other daughter besides herself, who was married and settled, and it was her (the young woman's) business to generally assist in the business. She had been for two years courted by a young man who was a sailor on board an East India man called the Maggie Miller, to whom she was engaged to be married, and who had written to her from Calcutta two months stating that he was on his return voy- age, and would be in London by the latter end of January, She was anxious to see her sweetheart as soon as possible, and, in fear lest he should be obliged to sail again without being able to come to Scotland, she got up on Friday morning, before her father or mother was awake, and taking 2l, 12s. to pay her expenses from the till, she quietly left the house at a quarter to six- o'clock, went to the railway station in Dundas street, and then on to Edinbargh. There the passengers stopped about a quarter of an hour, when she took her place in the train, and on reaching London late at night took a lodging at the first house she saw, her money having now run out to the extent of 1l 15s. 8d. She went day after day all round the docks, in the expectation of hearing something of the Maggie Miller, but could not, though she still persevered, in the full conviction that the young man must have arrived, till Thursday morning, when she found that her money was ex- pended, and, as she could not return to the place where she had lodged without the means of paying for it, she continuously walked the streets till three o'clock that morning, when the policeman met he and took her to the station. She had nothing to eat from eight o'clock the preceding morning till the constable stopped her and lodged her in the station. By direction of the magistrate, Mr. Safford wrote a letter to the girl's parents, acquainting them with the circumstances, and guaranteeing, if they forwarded sufficient money to pay her ex- penses back again, that an officer should see their daughter into the train, and in the meantime the young woman was transferred to the workhouse, that she might be prop- perly taken care of till the answer arrived, the girl leaving the court crying heartily. 