'ITHE ? EDIlJMS AND) THEIIt SPIRITS. A correspondent of thoe ' Times' raiser the very pertinent question wihy the spirits which play foolish pranks with chairs antl tables do not make tliemselves generally useful. For example, when some uneasiness was felt about the Prince of Wales, why did not Mr. Hiume's spirits give intelligence of his place at sen, the state of his health, rand the weather Why do they not now give us the news of the army in China, where it is, how it is, what it has done, what it is doing', and what it is about to do ? Why do thery not help us in the oflice of detective police, and denounce criminals? Why do they not clear up the mystery of the Rtoad murder ? It is not dillicult to anticipate tile answer. The negroes say that tile monkey can talk as well as any of us, " but if he talkee lie worlee. " Anti there may be a like reason for the refusal of spirits to furnish us with the usual information they possess. If they do so they would become our servants-of-all- work in the way of news, and would not have a moment to themselves for table- turning or any other idle diversion. To begin, they would at once be attached to the diffelrent newspapers. Every journal would have its heading of latest intelligence from our own special spirit medium. The electric telegraph would at once be ruined, and the spirits yould find themselves reduced to servitude to man, and performing the offices of' common carriers. Diversities Ivould then probably appear, and one staff of spirits would be found better in formed than another. The spirits of the 'Times' would differ fiom the spirits of the 'Daily News,' and the spirits of the 'Globe' would be at odds with the ' Sun.' Who could dlecideo wllen spirits disagree? The 'Tunes,' indeed, would have its special security fbor being well served. It would resort to compe titive examination of the spirits, and give its aplpointment to the spirits showing the greatest learning. Blat unfortunutely there is a stumbling-block in thie peuliar deficiency of the spirits in spelling, and a spirit who could tell what is passing at the antipodes would be rejected as unqlmifiedt because it could not spell a word of two syllables. It is also very dloubtful whether the spirits could pass an ex amination in any branch of' knowledge, for they either are ignorant, or they simulate igno'rance, for tile same reason no dloubt that the monkey fholds his tongue. Hence they will only trifle with us, hoist peolloe in the air, and animate up holstery. It is their pleasuro not to serve us, but to make us stare. ''There was a time when the great thought it benoath theon to know or to do any thing useful, antl the spirits are now possessedC of the same pride. Perharps with thle lrogress of improvement they will lei'n better, but at fl'esent they will not condesceond to order, disorder being their special delight ; so they will not do tile work of' a housemaild, though they will rrmake fi'rni tare lperform all sorts of unsuitable gambols, grave tables rearing anticking andi plung ing, and easy chairs tatking to their heels and bolting. Bout, after all, there is nothing now under the sun, and the spirits of the present day are thle Brownies of Scottish superstition, some of wrhonm wore of a benovoleont, others of a mnalevolent nature, tile former doing household .work with matchless regularity and handiness, tie latter playing all sorts of mischievous rlantks. Tire rapping, too, is of ancient usage. 'lhe Cock Lano ghost was a rapper, and the spirits at Woodstock in the time of the Comnnonwealth were also rappers, and, like Mir. Hnime's spirits, embodied themselves in furniture, legs of tables advancing rampant, a warming-pan running wildly about, and it turnip- bed rearing' bolt upright, to the vast inconvonience of two commissioners of inquiry therein folded up. In Granvillo's History of Witches many examples of a like kind will be found, but in those dark times the raps had not found interproters, and were an unknown tongue, and the spirits which animate up holstery had not been brought under the sub jection of nmediums and introduced familiarly to tea-parties. The mediums having acquired ia certain degree of control, short indeed of employing spirits for any usefiul purpooe, but enough to nialto them obedient to command in idle ex hibitions, who knows but the time may come when this authority, now in its infincy, may be extended, so that all the agency of intelligence may be unerringly performed by spirits ? Lo us imaginoe a thousand years honceo the agitation of the great slave spirit question. Let us imagine a Clarkson raising the cry of" emanci. pate your spirits," and the humanity of the ago revolting" against the mecdiullms holding spirits in thraldom, and compelling them to fetch and carry, to perform nmenial offices, and run all over the glpbo to ransack its secrets.- 'Examiner.' 