. : t. -i {From Harper's New Monthly'Ùàgazine.)"'' J 1 ."Áll vhañdéf, . ahoy !'' It waa my jmiddle Watch' belbw. '/Por 'a weary week- and more we had been beatitig against the baffling sou- west winds of the Gape ;, but ', «vith j Jthè morning1 of this day esme, a fair northerly wind, ¿nd we \were. making the most pf . itî ;* ' Contrary to the ÙRual/cu8(om, of 'compliment' to .'these rough latitudes/we had not sent d ->wn our lighter spars from'oloft ¡and'so with the first breath of the favourable breeze were flying before it under a aloud of royals and stun'-aails. But aa the day grew the' wind freshened/ one' by one the 'royals were furled and stun'-sails sent in, though . our.. oaptairi,: whose, hardihood in .carrying- sail. - had." . become ^ pro- verbial, manfully .held on everything to the: 'last, - so : that .when our - watch left the.deck tho ship was staggering under top- gallant sails,; top-sails.and courses. - .Soon after going below .we heard ,the other watch setting jibs and stay-sails, by which we inferred that the wind was hauling on tho quarter. :. But I was drowsy; thecréakirig of the jib-sheets block overhead ,was soon, mprged in'.the chirping.of robins round the door-way at home ; in the ratllihg'cordoge I heard bil*, the stir of autumn leaves, and the groanings'of the strained mssts were'to my retrospectivo fancy but the swaying of nut-laden trees in the merry woods which we boys were: wont to rifle.; ; Thus wrapped in dreams of 'the psst, I lost all consciousness of the present.! until recalled to a ship's life and duty, by the hoarse, cry nt the forecastle hatchway, "AU hands to shorten .sail, ahoy !" AVe^were"not long in getting on dick, ns n sailor's,tpilet is soon trade.' He hus no dainty collar to adjust, no wonderful cravat to tie; nor is hervery;pirticular ns to o'eansing his teeth, or running the .point of :a .marline-spike round the rims of his finger-nails, when thus hurriedly called. .' A growl, a. shake, and he is dressed. Confusion enough was visiblo . and' audible on deck «when we got there. Mt!was " clew up J" and ".clew down I" " let go .halliardsil" here, and' '" stert~ 'awayi ; sheels I" there. And well. ,tbey might be starting' Bheets, fon.the ; wind, fair .when pur . watch went below at eight .bells,' had now , hauled to the westward and. was blowing a whole gale. The wa'ch on' deck had-furled tho top-gallant sails, clewed up,"Hhe^ courses,* settled sway the top« sailp,'. andI,werei. then m'rlibg the mizen. Our :w*toh took his accustomed., station otrthe;fore»' Many'hands 'mako light work ; in a (ew seconds the"sail was lying to; the yard in loose folds, and .tho ? word was'given to.hand it. jÁftér.beloying my clew-line, I. stepped tb tho halliards to sse that they were . set well tout-nbt deeming it ; necossary . tb go: aloft,' since the yard ,was already alive with',moro men', than! could well ,wbrù--when the mafp, who, after h's customary fashion, : had been st tmp:ng about deck und cursing the whole crew for a lubberly set of land-crabs, sung bût to know who was forward. I answered. " Lay nloft,. then, you^nndy, and see why they don't pick up thnt sail, and tell me if you find any skulkers in tho top." " Ay, by, sir," and I sprang cheerily into the rigging. On getting into tlíe lop I fóundjCliips^ shivering in tho leo of the foremost " head. «.'..Chips, Ohips 1" said I,'? " why aren't you out on . the yard there.?' The mate, is swear- ing a blue streak below, and if he learns bf your being slowed away hero he'll make ybti ship' all srirts bf Bens." "Oh, Sondy," said Chips, " I'm too weak ;'the. wind would strip me : from i the fpir;" and .tho trcmours thnt shook i ho poor, fellow's framo ns ho clung cohering to tho eyes of ' thc rigging confirmed hU wordBi '' Any skulkers there on the top; Siod.v.?'shouted tho malo from bcinw. "Not a soul;: sir," I sung ont, cheerily, nnVl, swinging myself to tho yard above, assisted, -as bfst I could,' in stowing tho bunt of the sall j for, ns I've.' already remarked, tho, yard was pneked with more than could well work. It may ItaVo been a lie that, hui if no moro aggravated io chorgo of fulschbod ho brought i against me when... this watch bblbw. is 'out, and nil hands aro Bumtnbnod \ lo''tho great quarter- deck above, -my soul will rr st suffioiently easy with" itself on tho acoraaf truth. Singular os it may atom, I look hack 'itt"the dim . faca of that untruth with tlie most period satisfaction ; I pet lis memory somewhat as one would fondlo thereoolleotlon of a deur departed^child. I've achieved volumes since, yet I regard that .Bon tenco.aa a moro golden ono than ,nny that I've' writtpn. I nm sure it embodiod a better senti meri' than men aro accustomed to uttor in dully and , familiar conversations. A word herb to tell tho reader ,whoi,Ohi|is woa' all this while. The name, you ,know, is a generic' one; and ap plied-to all ships oarpontcrs. bailors are most sensible . godfathers, ? and always christen with '..'.an- oyo : ' to '.'tho0 j preaqrvntlpn of " the unities "-thus".'thocooper is known as Bungs, and tho blacksmith'ns Smut. But our Chips was of a gentler Immunity than tho gene- rality of theso "hewers of wood/' 'oho,'of conreo, o favourite with tho orowj LSoniethlng more Minn a pun was .meant whonla. frqllcsbme youngster swore that our Chips ¡wag of finer grain than any that ever before flqnted. wit was I in tho hope of ro-estiiblishing his health,- much impaired by sime pulmonary disease, that he came to sea'; and for n time, while cruising ¿in. tho hnlmy tropical Utitudos, it adorned1 ns though his objoot would be attninod. Tho, soft caress- ing breezas that wander in tho oourtB of the sun, with the bewitching nights and refulgent days, would woo the weary soul baale, if any tempta- tion (.nonrlh could, from tho very vergo of tho gr.ive j for itnlmost scorns impossi'ln that any brighter hoaven cnn lie beyond, But ns wo Slited southward, and thoSnu'hrrn Oriisabognn lo bend nbovo our bonds, and still Bnuihward until tho Mogollan Conds poised themBrlves tiver tho royal truck, tho rough winds and icy elect which rovonl themso'ves with thc.io wonders proved too much for Ilia frail constitution, m d ho failed raptly. It was then that wo bogan 'o s; oak of him OB "Poor Chips;" »nd wo apoko thus quito as niiioh ia lovo ns in pity. It o uno ont afterwards that lin had born ong'ged to a girl in Boston. I romcnibor', hat often, in his «leep, be would murmur the name «. M.-, I Haley ;» and in our tropical cruisi"gg( ,h '7 long houra of . the night watches, he would .!. between the knight-heads or the windlass bin« humming a song, of which lean only remem "ter "that the "refrain was Aileen-a-Roon i have .said that his gentle manners «ni unobtrusive disposition endeared him t all en .shipboard. I should hova ,J? .o nil except the .mate ; but, then i have; ibeNgood-will, ;¿í.the latter . WRB to j,., : small credit to . the man with whom it rest í Years have passed since I sailed with that mai ! ;b"rit, looking back/through their ínlérrenbiV vista",'I see him before me now, aa then -perfect nightmare of -.-meanness and nfil¡ne',* His qúarter-declc'name' was Maxim, but ¡nth foreoustje be was known BB " Devil-hug." TH and' snuky - in build; with that unsightly cur vature .of spine, .which makes a ship what call-. M-hogged,'*. a'-.rn¡in'.stoop-shouldered th» ryillany of his face' hedged in by a nair of brick red whiskers,-sure no man; ever lived qn who«» whole/éxreriór nature wi¿té ** tyrant, coward and' scoundrel" more plainly.- His arm«, ]m¡ j lean, t<nd bowed,'as M they hung loosely'by hi» ;'side,V might : not "inaptly ..?be compared toi pair of- parentheses?;. but it w»s a mi*erab!e affair of a' heart that they, enclosed. , Indeed [niituré seemed awarb that it was Dpt worthy of appearing in the body'óf her work, end so io. closed it in brâckétB--a sort;of 'postscript toi í most miserably-constructed sentences From I the first he took a" dislike to Chips, and serer suffered! nh opportunity öfventirig it to pia unimproved. He. revealed in that infernil delight which a mean- mt ure ever hag in de- grading a nobler one. Was a ringbolt to in scoured, a mast slushed, or any other piece d drudgery important or unimportant to bi dt ne, to Chips it was appointed.' Evenatlhi t ime of which I write, in. that rough weather of which all v, ho haye ever sailed around the Horn have, had experience,' while the pool fellow was BO weak that in " dressint himself he had to, steady by .laying ont hand on his ' hunk, if . hot on deck- as soon II the others, of tho, .watch, this ever-to- be-exe crated Devilbug would rush into (he forecastle, shake him from his hold, and "freshen Iii woy," as' he termed it, up the-ladder with i rope's-end. Many a; hand longed, on theil occasions to drop a handspike,on the rasol'i head ; but discipline prevailed, arjd his pnnist mont was not then. To return now to my storj. While on' the top-sail' yard I, noticed that tie pannelband had worked loose,' and notifying the mate,' he ordered me to remain and make it secure. I detained ChipB with- me, nominal!; to assist, really to keep bim beyond 1 he reach ol his tormentor. -Having.finished the little job we went down. The balance of the men TOI handling the mainsail, and I stood by to attend their .colls to the deck, while Chips .busied himself in coiling up the loosei''rigging. ' At this moment tho mata carne along with a spare gasket in his hind, '" Here, you Chips, take this gasket and lay oat .and stow that flying jib snug." Not this. , was merely a /' work-up job," and ,'. nona. . knew - U _' better lbw myself, since I had furled the sail in question tho evening ' previous, and at his order hid ; taken-"spécial, pains; to malte it s.ecure; mora* over, it was ft task of inconsiderable danger lo a iahdsman -lilio Oliips; os tho", ship,was rearing and plunging in that fierce heàd-sea lika i ; crazy ooh-her jib-boom one moment pointing to tlie zenith next to the nadir, and describing in every sweep a full semi- circle. Accord- ingly ,:1 ventured to,, say that I myself had furled the .flying-jibbefore our walohwtnt below, liad v taken the, precaution to put extra stops about it, abd would stake myiinterest in the voyage that it was. sare. "Ahl- said the mate, " since you aro so fond of working your jaw-toclilo you can lay out thara too." Of coorie it waa not for me to reply, bat to ohey. It is the very gospel of tho sea to go when ordered, and, thking the gasket in my hand, I started forward. T heard Chips beg to bo excused from the work, alleging , tb at ' bis legs wera so weak they could hardly eupport.him about rieck, and he' feared he should fall overboard. I also henrd the rude ourse and, the still ruder kick given him in reply ; and the fellow cms crawl- ing out after mo on tho 'long spar which stretched liko o'gibbet-arm far over ihewa'er. We gained the flying jib-boom, and midi rapid work of it-for roally there waa nothing to do of furling but togo through the form com- manded by, the mato-and 1 was' passing tbs lust, turn (if the gasket, when the foot-rope iud donly Blackened beneath my feet, a wild cry of despair rang out on, the midnight air, ond ISM Alone on the spar.- Looking down I «»w Chipi j clinging' to a piece of rigging that dangled 'under tho bows. ' My God ! I shall »ever for- get the.frecztng horror of that face,' as, lit by the phosphorescent glare -u of tho, purled wBten, it looked upward' for a help ; tb1»« my ira ,was powerless' to "give. ,Even DOB it haunts me" oil.;nights,'/andI; 1 often ilttt (rom sleep with, tho cry'/on my? Hp« which I thon, moré from instinct, than volition, itu' thrilling, through the «hip, ".Wan ovorboaid! A toriible cry that, tb minglo wllh.the whlsilmf of tho "gale. -For'a moment, only bo thuihuw /rho. 'ship-plunged' her' hoàd quivering und« water, and. whonj she again ros«, shsliing lbj ;spr.iy fromíher bompon , mano liko a drcocbil lioness, Chips .was gone. Ono'piercing cry IM help came (rom far '.to leeward, but none coull he given.,.¡It would - havobeon impossible io lower"Jia^'boat'/in'auoh a eco; and «boort the life-buoy W'AB ," detached from I« taffrail,-1" ït'?.< is "not probablo that «DJ hand ever jose 'to clutch it. With m [» j word;'! and many a rough hand would away a teaf when it was montionetl, or wMJ the owuer looked nt tho empty hammock »n t? | ? now swung untenanted. And whnt said tn« mate? that "the skulking scoundrol had j<T where ho could « soldior ' forever if lie planKO. Woll, we doubled the Capo at lust, and ghJ«i nlong 'in tho smooth waters of tho rii;hily "B,nc° Paoific, soon forgot ibo haldships through wliiw we hud so lately nassed. In tho nigl'19 of l'rlf ming boauty which crown tho cup of »> low latitudes wo drank obi iv » to tho manifold horrors OÍ }T Horn. Ono night- it waa Lirbolino'a mm* walch on dook-while bowling ahmg «» P< haps soven knots an hour, moat,of «a ,ol,"B"¿ about deck in drowsy attitudes, Ailron-s-»wo» entnu swelling on tho air ns distinctly ns »»j human voioo could givo it nttornnco. J''"?, to o uno from n linio in ndvnnco of tho snip now dying auny in plnintivo melody, ana rising in cudunce, titi ChipB vins wont lohumij Tuero could be no mistake about tho tune , w tho loungors, ns by ono accord, sprang »° ,i foot to asatiro thoma. Ires tb «t they wcr0." awake. "It contra from tho flying JlT°0u, ond," quoth Old Ooorgo, tho Nestor ol c» crew. "I kntw he would como Jg"* nud now what nod whom ho I 'Wbat's »11 Ibis D0DI6DH about ?" ; cried the mate, angrily, coming forward, aa was Bli wont wbenerer- coorersttion.drt.w a group together on the forecastle ; he - was ever fearful, tilt the crew were hatching some conspiracy agiinst him. Ho knew that ho deserved to be killed, and was correspondingly suspicious th t jome plot might be laid to that end. Perhaps, too, ho saw the shadow of his doom beckoning tim on. V Chips has como back to finish pass- ing his : gasket,, sir," said Old George. «Listen! Do, you not hear him oat there, humming ' his AUeen-a^Roon ?" "Aileen-n .Boon be d-d !" said ! the' mate;, it's' the flying-jib ,sheet-block chafing on; the topmast day. You didn't seize that Scotchman as I told you, "you old:^rascal."' Look out for your watch below , to-morrow. TU Boon'clap a ?top on this ghost's jaw nf yours.- ..And, taking a marline-spike in. his] hand, he started out on the bowsrJri/. ' Now, let nd reader at this mo ruent exult that he has detected m.Ins author a statemoptjthat passes the bounds of ?> pröbnbi lily. None better than myself; know that it ts' nat customary'for the mate pf a ship to amuse, " himself by doing , odd jobs in the rigging at night; I'BhotídrieyérhVve ventured to invent ?uch a story. But again I say, gentlemen, that" the finger of' ? Faie; was - in it ;: ;he ...was. bookoned > - .on t: , by' :tho ,.. shadbw of ; his idoom, and,;nfolÍowed.;"¡ Well, we ' watehed 'the mai'e''our,' arid J*.siire enough, ~ wberiJ': he .seated Iiini8o1f crosswise bn'-the spar the'melody I ceased. , "Q.ld .Deyil-bugi iB r;ght about the ¿ghost," said'.a" merryyounker; ,«f.no ¿man puce ^well clear of this- old hulk would, come, back ¡«gain, dead ot alive!" No one gainsayed him';' ¿tad, half- ashamed of .our ready superstition, we ? resumed.our, lounging postures about the deck. Timo passed on rind eight bells was struck. ¡The relief watch turned but, but where was the- rmale to^pass "the 'orders of-the .night to his second ?',':; We"1 all saw; . him go .citit 'on the' jib- boom, but none'. remembered to have seen him come in.1 Tho second mate called "-Mr. Maxim !" so loudly thnt ho woke the captain ; but no Mr.' Maxim made answer. All hands were turned up, the ship hove tb, and the boat's lowered'and sent, in all directions, groping through' the night, but.without avail.. Aud though we shortenedi sail end cruised vigilantly in that vicinity for a week, nb tidings carno of the missing mate. Old George shook his head, and said, " I told you so." Theyoung sailor never again laughed at* the credulity of his elders. My story is done. In nil essential particulars it is truo. If you doubt the asser- tion of the author, seek any ono of the men that sailed -in the whale ship Walter Scott on ber cruiso jn.15.1, .and see if tho .whole .yarn does' not have his corroboration.. Or, granting the main facts,.you may laugh and say that I have tortured-a mere - coincidence into a miracle ;, that the flying-jih-shoet hummed "Aileen-a Roon;" that tho/mite i fell overboard unheeded, and that the rushing waters stifidd his ¡cry for assistance. Very possibly you are right. Bailors ; reason by perçoption, landsmen by in- duction. Betribution came where it was richly deserved; the precise manner 'in which the bolt fell is BQ*rcoly worthy of argument.''.We undoubtedly agree as to the hand by which it waa launched;, I have told-you of Chip's doath, and what came of it. You can draw your own conclusions. Certain it is that two women in New'England wear black-the one mourns à husband that.went down' to'.seai- and-:ne verre- turned ; the other, a lover. . ' ; A (UUANT ACT,-A letter from tho Pyrenees giveB an account of an sat of cpurago omi presence of mind whioh is worthy of mention.- Cap »In Tordeur, of the Stoff, and M. de Stinte-Seine, a cavalry officer, -. had effiioted the perilous aeoeot of the , peek of Maúoapera,, noir Bireges. Th»; were descending into the valley ,of St.' Sauveur by aneioi-'sHlvely steep slopo, eat into ' deep eioarpments." M; do Saioto.Siin'e was about 60 yards in advance ot bin com pi nion, «ben the tatter suddenly found' tba ground give way nndor biro, and he waa pro eipitaled forwar* wiih frightful rapidity. He gavo a ory for assisUnoe. and af. de Sointo-Seino,Becine the''great*' nasa of Ibo danger, anti atiba risk of being himself driven' to tbb bottom of tue treoiploe, threw binnelf in the way ; of bis companion. Both'«ere knocked down by tba violenoo of thu elmon, and- were rolling together down', tbe steep, when fortunately M. Salnti-Seine wiiB able to aliok bis iron »bod pole imo tho.ground; and' stop-' their farther discern jun, is they* had reached the edge of, a doep'precipiP" inver wliioh they must bare boon daBhod to piepen.-r/mf», July 17. ;-. i ," .. : ,,M -,, . Bnntsit BANQUETS.-In,old timos, wheo EngHehmen wero. really jovial, the'conviviality wniild have began to wax warro with the 'dessert, and the evening would hive presented a scene 'of.-very genuine, it not 'Very refined enjoyment. Accordingly, in our day, ino.routine IB. faithfully follawed, and,,with tba donsert oommenoe tho fcrmaliliea of jollity.',. . Every ' convivial precedent :ié¡ scrupulously observed." The loving oap goes grimly round-a formal alp repiáolrigithe'old- hearty dranaht.. A oompiny of gleo.singera go -through B number of mirthful hong» with simulated geièfy, and the oomnauy ; listen with faces "of (ho profoundest gravity. Thou , oamo the sproohea. . If you look round you at tbe bo.' glnoiog of tho desert, you may descry here and there' among the row ol bored physiognomies five or sir peru Karly rueful visages. Tbeio ere tba unfortunates .who. have received tho information that they will have .to make a epeeob. They . know perfeotly well the emotions. it ia their , duly to profess; and tn'oy: ara painfully putting together superlatives expreasivo of enthusi istio delight. The gentleman at: tbe head of the table atamraors bravely through tho proper number of loyal toasts. Hia speech is generally, after two or' Ihreo abortiv« sentoneen, confined in oaoh ossa to tbe assertion that he ia euro tho oompany will reoeivo tho toast with enthusiasm. Tho oompany only reoiprooato, by looking nt him with Ibo same kind of languid aorutlny . with whioh an old opora-goer watohea a new nlnger going thrqugh aomo vpry haokneyod song. When the loyal tosBtaare over, the torBlnnater, in a sonorcna monotone, sings ont, '-Gentlemen, ploote to ohm go your glasses." Nobody touobea glasB or bottle. . "Gentlemen, please, alienas for tbe chair." An apology for silenoo ia obtained, after oon'tdernble (bumping, and tho chairman proo.-flda1 to state tb nt hols sure the next toaat will bo anticipated by all who hear him. It ie qaite clear that it 1B antioi pated .by ono of the unfortunates mai ked ont for a speeob, who ia twirling < his' fork in unoontroHab" .goby, trrlng to remember his eentonoea, whioh will slip out of bia mind jnat at the lait moment. . Atter' a panrgyrio BO ri llouloudly byporbolioal that nil whoso refinement hi.» not been bronzed by long; exponuro begin to foe! nneoBy, the obairmnn proposes tbe victim's health. Tho oom. pany tskn no no'fo... of tho tnaat whatever. That they should astnally drink bin honlth or pay tho least allon, lion lo ii is ml a necessary part of Ito prooeodinga, Thoy look on with ntolld npntliy. Dut tho viotlm ri-es with * kind of rieapi-rato promptitude, and beginn bj observing, in n tone of mi llion, that any language, that no can command jg quite unrqnel to expressing hie feel. Jogs of grntliudo at the woy in willoh thoy have reoelvoi his honlth. In fan', he urida, with n grlmaott of aßony, it 1« tba proudi at «nd happiest momout of bil lite. Ho eoniidora it n very high rlistinolioo to bo received by auoh a oompany av ho Ina boen reoeivod, whioh shows at leant that ho is of a con tauted disposition. Indeed, thoro ia no reward, ha is auro, whioh bin prnfeasion aovot so highly aa that of having their I ii'»Hi drunk by suoli n company. Ho again thunk* them from tho br,(tom of his heart for tho groat honour they have done him, and Bita down With an air of inexpressible relief; and the guests who have «ono him no other honour tbao that of ataring at him, nnliHB y tum over their programme to seo who oomea "»xt. Thia ia Ibo normal Bpocob. Tho order of tho aantimenin may bo varied, and auporlalivea intoroalatod ad libitum, bat othorwino the typo is rarely ohangod. HomotlmoHono of th« victims baa the effrontery to add Jnat he never paused se pleasant an evening in his life. »ho ceremony is ropeatod five or alx times ; th»oompany «parolo with the mutual observation that lt la ? good «bing lt ia ovor i and everybody goon homo somewhat ifl? ' bul 1,18 *"«»«atlon of having dona . great Publie duty, aud of having laid tho man or men who f aiuotantlr »flited him under a vory snooial obllnation. fiwiriloy fíevte». j 