GHOSTLY QUARTERS, I I The following story ha3 always been a [mystery to me. The more I havs thought of it, i the more unaccountable it ha3 always appeared. ' It seems impossible to assign a cau3e for the catastrophe with which it winds up. It is from a source absolutely incapable of misleading, and exceedingly unlikeiy to bs mislsd : — '' It 13 about thirty year3 since the events occurred which I am about to relate to you,' -writes the friend who has set the story down for me, 'but so deep was tho impression which they made 02 my mind, that it almost seems to mo as though the time should be counted by months rather than years. I wa3 then a young officer in one of those regiments which had borne the brunt of the earlier part of the war in the Pe ninsula, and which, being greatly reduced in numbers, were first formed into provisional bat taliois, and ultimately directed to return home. We werf; none of us over well pleased with this arrangement ; neither was our great chief, who knew the value of veteran troops, and considered the provisional battalions among the best of his army. But there was no help for it, and so, like good soldiers, who know that their first duty i3 obedience, we received th'j order witi little mur muring, and prepared to obey it. 'It wa3 necessary to convey us for a brief space to tha rear, until transports should be ready ; and few in number as we were, it was further necessary to do so in detachments. I went with several others in the direction of the village which had been pointed out to us on the route, and good fun we made of each other on the way. Among my comrades was a feliow named Harrison, a kind-hearted, amiable lad, full of fun and even mischief, yet firm and unflinching in principle, and ever an honorable gentleman. As to higher considerations than even these, we were all careless and reckless enough, thinking of no thing so much as how we might best amuse our selves. Harrison was a prime favorite in our corp3 He was young and hand some, well knit, and capable of endu ring any amount of fatigue. I loved him as if hs had been my brother, and we were insepar able. Well! My party and. I, after wandering about for a while, reached at length a small and beautiful village. It wa? situated in a valley, and was surrounded by trees, and shrub3, and plants, of many kinds. Orange and olive, pomegranate and fig-tree, all filled the air with their delicious fragrance. There were mountains, too, in the dis tance, adding beauty to the scene, aud on a little eminence close to the village stood anold half-ruined monastery, partly covered with ivy and nild passion flowers, and adorned by a plantation of beautiful trees. Unonesideot tne monastery layaipvely little lake, by the margin of which Harrison and I often afterwards wandered together in the cool hour3 of the evening. 'Immediately on reaching the village our at tention wa- attracted to the old monastery, and we all pronounced it to be the place of all others in which to quarter both officers and men, Ao» cordingly the few monks who still inhabited it \iere with no small difficulty persuaded to move out, and we very uncsremoniously took their places. Tired by the toil ot the day, I had sat down, with one or two others, to rest under one of the large olive trees, when an old monk, who:n I had noticed hovering about the place ever since his companions left, approached us. His silver hair and beard streamed over his brown serge dre3s ; but there was a fierce light in his eye which age had not quenched. He shook his head gravely as he came near, and holding up his hand, said, 'Signor, you will repent that ever you came here ; you will find no res: day nor night in this place. San Francesco truards h.is servants with jealous care\ and you will call down his just wrath for desecrating this sanctuary. Non». ever offend him yet go unpunished. Remsnibsr my word3, signor ; they are not vain words.' The old man crossed himself two or three times, and then hur ried down by the wooded path which led into the valley, leaving us rather surprised, but of course not alarmed. Harrison laughed ; we all laughed, finally resumed our conversation, and forgot all about the monk. 'Our next step was to make arrangements for getting supplies from the country people of the neighborhood, and on the whole we considered ourselves snugly and romantically disposed of for some weeks to come. For, besides the beautiful rides and walks within our reach, we had the assurance of good fishing in the lake, and shooting in the woods ; and what with rides and walks, aud fishing and shooting, and occasional dances with the village girls, time was not likely to hansf heavy on our hands. Matters did not, however, turn 'out exactly as we had anticipated. It hap pened one day a3 I waj going round in specting the rooms, that I noticed that the men were collected into knots of two and three, rather excited, and talking earnestly together ; many of th?m forgot to give me the usual salute as I passed, and the expression on their faces were new and strange and perplexing to me. I said nothing, and pre tended to notice nothing unusual, but weni round, thinking that perhaps the men had had some slight misunderstanding with the Spa niards, who, though they received us kindly at first, had shown themselves to be violent and quick tempered. I had finishid my rounds, and was returning to my room, when I heard a quick step behind me. The sergeant of our company cime up, and touching his ^ap, begged to s iy a lew wor:;s to me when I wa3 a' leisure. ''I am quite at leisure now,' I said ; ' what do you want r' ' ' Well, sir,' he began, with some embarrass ment, clearing his throat two or three times, *?! a-n sorry to trouble you, but did you observe, sir, how odd the men were just now,' as you went round their room f ' ' ' I did observe something unusual, but thought it best to take no notice for this once. What is the matter with the men 5' ''Well, sir,' continued the sergeart, b.13 em barrassment growing greater, it does seem rather ridiculous, and yet it 13 true. The fact is, sir, (for it is no use mincing the matter,) the men de clare they have seen a gh-!St passing through their room for two nights past, and they swear they won't sleep there again.' ' ' A gho3t ! ' I repeated, with a stare of amaze ment at the man, half doubting whe her he were in his right senses. Whit humbug is this, sergeant r Let me hear no mnre of it. If ghosts were realities — which they are not — I should be ashamed of the men if they could be afraid of ghosts. 'The sergeant said no more, but, touching his cap, turned and withdrew, while I slowly pur sued my way. I had looked upon the matter as nonsense, I had treated it lightly, and been almost angry at the silliness of the tale ; yet it had left a deeper impression upon me than I liked, or chose to admit to myself. Was this a dim, vague presentiment of what was to come ? Perhaps it was. ' I was half angry with myself for harboring the feeling, and determined to shake it off. I entered a room where two or three of my companions, were assembled, and recounted what had passed between me and the sergeant. They all laughed, and declared that I had done quite right in for bidding anything more to be said on the subject. - 'The monastery consisted of three buildings: one long front building and two wings. The right wing formed the chapel, and the other con tained the rooms and cells once occupied by the monks. In the centre of these buildings was a large court-yard, from which you passed iato the garden, and thence descended into the valley be neath, planted with tree3 and shrub3. The court yard was quite empty, save that a fountain stood in the centre ; an arrangement not unusual in southern countries. ' The day passed a3 other day3 had passed ; some fished, soms lounged about' doing nothing Harrison and I wand?red away from the res'?, taking our guns with us, and did not return until iate in the evening. We had been more than usu ally joyous, and I had almo3t forgotten tlie occur rence of the morning, when, on entering the court-yard of the monastery, we were surprised to perceive the men's blankets all arranged in order around the yard. Before either of us had time to make a remark, the sergeant who had spoken to me before came up, and without fur ther prefica informed me that, the night bein» extremely hot, the men had brought out their blankets to sleep in the open air, as they could not be persuaded to receive anether visit in their room from their midnight intruder. I made no objection to their preferring the cool air to the stifliug heat of their room, and at dinner it was quietly arranged that a few of us should not so to bed at the usual time, but should remain ud to watch. r 'It was a clear bright night. Beautiful as nights can be only in southern climate*. I had seldom seen anything more RtrikiHg than that grim old monastery, with its turrets and belfries, its grated windows and massive iron portals, and its large surrounding trees, standing out clear and distinct under the rays of a full moon And beyond it, about half a mile off, lay the small lake, calm and quiet beneath the branches of the graceful trees which grew or. its edge, and bent their slender boughs into its water. 'Upon its smooth surface the heavens were re flected ; each particular star looking down upon its image. A few of the officers, including Harrison and myself, had gone into the court yard about eleven o'clock, determined to wait there until the clock struck one, and then, if nothing appeared, return quietly to our rooms. The men had all laid down, but I am sure there was not one of them asleep ; not a light was to be seen anywhere about the building, for at an appointed hour they had been all put out. Growing tired of ?waiting for the ghost in vain, Harrison and I walked up and down the yard, the others follow ing our example ; as we were already thinking of going in, when, as the clock struck half-past twelve, Harrison suddenly Btopped short, touched my arm, and, without saying a word, pointed towards the chapel. His movement had been noticed by the rest, and all eyes were immediately turned in* that dhection, when we perceived issuiug from one of the windows overlooking the yard a faint green. ish light. 'We said nothing, but drawing to one ' eide, stood still. In a few moments we saw emerging from the same window a white spectral figure, holding in its right hand a small lamp, evidently the source of the strange light which I had attracted our notice. The apparition moved slowly along over the beds of the men, though evidently its feet did not re3t upon anything, and looked at them all as it passed; then reach ing our group, it turned its gaze upon us for a moment, and disappeared through the left wing of the building. A dead silence suc ceeded* we were all too much astonished to speak, and we looked at one another. Then the Eilence was broken by a murmur of triumph among the men, and we were obliged to acknowledge that we had seen their ghoit, and could not account for it. 'Various surmises and conjectures were broached, and we determined to discover what the ghost was. Next day we were all astir early, and every room in the old monastery was examined ; not a corner but was thoroughly searched. Up and down, right and left, above ground, and in the vaults below, not a place but re-echoed the tread of our footsteps ; yet nowhere could we dis cover any trace of our strange visitor. You may imagine whether we searched the chapel through and through. Seeing nothing that gave the faintest clue to the mystery, we sent for masons from the village, and had the chapel doors walled up. The windows were all barred and boited, and we hoped that we had most effectually shut out, or shut in, the ghost. ' The day passed much as usual, except that we waited the evening with much anxiety, which increased as the time for taking up our watch approached. This time, all the officer.? rrfraaraed up, to keep watch together. Slowly the hourB passed over, until the great clock struck twelve. Then we stood ready and intent, awaiting the next stroke. Half-past twelve, a quartet to one, and we were beginning to con gratulate ourselves on having effectually walled up the ghost, when the pale grceR light of the previous night again became visible. It shone through the same window as before, and pre sently, bars and bolts giving way, the window flew open, and the spectral figure, with the lamp in its hand, stepped out into the air. It followed the same course as it had taken previously, and in the same manner ; with only this difference, that it paused for a moment in its progress over the beds of five or six of the men, and breathed a sort of infernal hiss into each of their faces. Again it came close to us, and then vanished. We were petrified ; all our precautions had availed us nothing, and this time the dread apparition had emitted sounds sufficiently audible to be heard by us, who were some distance. ' What was to be done next ? '' Whatever this is,' said Harrison, while his lips curled slightly with contempt, ' I am deter mined to drive it from this place. We must not allow ourselves to be frightened. Since I was a child I have been taught to reject ghosts, and I have no belief in ghosts. To-morrow night, if this thing appears, we must give chase. You will help me r ' he added, turning to me. 11 Of course I promised to stand by him, though more ♦han doubtful of our doing any good. It was agreed that on the following night we, the officers, should divide into two parties, one standing at the right wing, the other at the left ; and that we should both rush on this mysterious appearance at the same time, and by closing in upon it render escape impossible. In this plan the men joined most heartily. ' We are not cowards, yet, I confess it, the sight of this strangely mysterious apparition, with its unearthly light, had made my blood run cold, ?while the looks of my cempanions had proved that they liked it as little as I did. ' Again night arrived, and again we took post in the court-yard, waiting for the accustomed hour. Our hearts beat faster when we saw the now well-known green light appearing at the chapel ?window. Slowly the white figure passed over the men's beds, holding up its pale lamp ; and I re marked, with something like a shudder, that it uttered the same diabolical hiss to the same six men as on the previoui night. At a signal, we rushed forward from both sides and closed in The spectre seemed to understand our attempt, gave one of its fearful hisses into Harrison's very face, and then we saw it walking (so it seemed) above our heads ; and it vanished over the monas tery. 'Without a word from any one — ior we were all too much horrified to speak — we re-entered the house, and sought our rooms. Harrison and I occupied a room together, and, as we went into it, I remarked that his face and lips were ashy pale. ' ' For Heaven's sake,' he said, xn a voice so hollow that it made me start, ' never speak ot this thing again, and let us leave this place as soon as possible' ?' We went to bed, but did not sleep. The ap parition was constantly before my eyes, while his hiss seemed still ringing in my ears. I could hear, by the restlea tossing of my companion, that he, too, shared my vigils. At iength, after some weary hours, I fell asleep, and when I awoke, late in the morning, I was pleased and relieved to see Harrison sleeping soundly. ' We all met at hreakfast ; but, as if by ene ?consent, seemed to avoid the subject of the apparition. I had serious thoughts of leaving the village, and seeking for billets elsewhere, only it j was difficult, now that all our arrangements were ; made, to leave the place ; not to speak of the ' embarrassment of explaining such an unusual | proceeding. We agreed to remain where we I were for a few days longer, in the hope that the ? order to march for Lisbon would .soon arrive. I do not know that an immediate removal from the , monastery would have effected any change in the j catastrophe of the story, except, perhaps, in some of its details ; but I greatly regretted at the time, and cannot but regret to this day, that we did not devise some pretext to escape from that terri- J ble place. j ' We kept no more watch for the ghost, and three nights passed by without any report being , made from the men of its reappearance. ! ' One sunny afternoon— it was either the fourth ] or the fifth day after the last appearance of the apparition — Harrison, and two other officers, set out on horseback for a neighboring point of in- ; terest. It was a glorious day, and we were all in ] capital spirits, which seemed to be shared by our horses, for they carried ua lightly and swiftly along. Harrison had a beautiful horse— a noble animal — a light chesnut, and as quiet and gentlo a horse as ever man rode. It was the pride of its master, and the admiration of the regiment. We had ridden about a mila or more from the abbey, and were pausing to look at the yiew, which was very fiae, when we per ceived an orderly coming towards us. He wanted to speak to Harrison, and, as our horses were impatient, we rode on slowly before, leaving Harrison to overtake us when his business was ?'What on earth can be keeping Harrison?' Baid one of my companions, after a time ; ? we j shall lose our ride.' ! « 'Perhaps be had to turn bacli, I replied. ; « We had better ride on ; mounted as he is, he will soon come up with us.' ' We rode on, expecting every moment to spe him arrive, yet no sound of his horse's feet reached us ,' and so time passed, and he came not. At any other time I would have thought nothing of it, except that pressing business must hare obliged him to return to the monas tery; but the disagreeable occurrences of the previous week had rendered »e unsble to rid my self of a certain dim, vague presentiment of evil to come. Often and often since then have I re proached myself for not having obeyed its warn ing voice ! A Budden turn in the road widened the prospect before us, and we stopped again to wait for Harrison, and to admire the spreading country around. About two hundred yards from us towards the abbey was the lake already men tioned. We had not reined up miny minutes when, in a voice of wonder and alarm, one of my companions exclaimed, ' ' There's Harrison ! Good God ! what is he about ?' ' We all looked in the direction to which he pointed, and saw Harrison galloping at full spied along the path which girded the lake. The reins were loose upon the horse's neck ; the rider's hat had fallen off, .ind his hair, blown a'bout by the wind, gave a wild appearance to his face. Before many seconds had elapsed, the horse gave a sud den swerve, and galloped straight into the lake. The waters gurgled for a moment, and then both horse and rider disappeared ! ' A few minutes brought us to the monastery, where we gave the alarm, and the men turned out with ropes and poles and such rude drags as they could lay hold upon. Xot a trace of Harri son or his horse could be discerned, and for a full hour all our efforts to discover the exact spot where they had sunk proved fruitless. At lajt, one of our drags struck upon some object, and first the herse and then Harrison him self was pulled to shore. Both were dead, of course, but never, to my own dying day, shall I forget the peculiar expression that overshadowed my friend's pale face. It was one of such fearful agony, such intense anguish, that my heart sick j ened, and though not a word was said by those around me, I could perceive that all were equally struck and confounded by it. More dreadfully painful and mysterious still, was the horror de picted over the face of the horse. 'Slowly and sadly the body of Harrison was t brought home and laid on the bed he had so lately occupied in life. As we undressed him, I found in his bosom a small miniature likeness. It was the picture of a fair young face; I knew whose face, for Harrison had confided his happiness to me. I bent over ray friend, and cutting off a lock of his dark hair, I wound it gently round the little picture, and then put them up in paper, and laid them, carefully aside. ' The evening came. All that remained (o be done for our lost comrade had been done, and we — that is, I myself and a few of the others — had gathered in his room to look over his effects, and see whether he had left any memoranda of wishes to be fulfilled. In his desk there was a sealed letter to his mother, and another to the original of the miniature ; nothing else. That night I resolved to pass in his room, with two or three of my companions, keeping watch by his body. A fearful gloom hung over us as we eat there in silence beside our dead comrade, the favorite of every man among us. We were silent, near the window, when, juit as the clock struck twelve, the apparition — seen by all of us — passed into the room, glided over to thp bed side, bent over the dead form, hioscd into the face, and vanished. ' Next day, the body of poor Harrison was buried beneath a large spreading tree. I have been at the funerals of many officers and com rades, but never in my life have I attended one so sad. That very day we began our march to Lisbon, aad before the end of the week em barked on board the transports prepared for us. Of the six men into whose faces the ap parition had hissed, or seemed to hiss, not one reached England. One threw himself overboard in a fit of madness, and five died on the voyage. 11 1 have never been ab!e to unravel the mystery of Harrison's death. It will never be unravelled, now, I suppose, until the day when all secrets are \ revealed.' — All the Year Round. 