.h.ii'iiti. THE RING- riOSTT lictirccn J KIWmV KRU.T and 'CIBAKIiKY'IEOnu EC* *.'!«,'. Mr'ilOU. (From Hell's Life M Svdnev, 21st .September.) ? I When the match between theso two feather weights' iwaa made, few expected it would end in adraw; for tho acknowledged abilities of both lad- led all who knew them to anticipate a rattling mill. Each had a host of fadmirers, and the fame which Horrogan brought with him from Victoria, (fresh from d victory over Johnny Massoy) for. some time prevented our light-weight aspir ants from accepting his challenge. Jemmy Kelly, more over, coiiMilering himself only a novice, felt some difli denco in picking up the gauntlet of a champion whilo. men of more experience stood quietly by, but at length, finding no one coming forward, ho determined to havo a shy, with n praiseworthy desiro to be allowed a placo in the first flight. Tho mulch was accordingly made ; and, although with many prejudicial reports nliout, went on, ns wo shall presently buow, to completion on Tuesday. Ci!Am,KY Hobbkoan, tho Victorian Spider, is a native of London, was born about 25 years ago, and educated on tho Thames waters us a lighterman, in which .occupa tion ho passed hia time until ha emigrated to Victoria. During thoso years ho wns engaged in aoveral contests in thoP.U, nil of which tended to establish for him the character of a ganio unflinching little boxer ; possessing a fair amount of science, with a larger share of endurance than is usually found in a lad of only eight stono. Ilia first recorded ii^ht nfUr his arrival in Australia, wns with Johnnv Massey, fora purso; whon after a game give and lake battle, his Mends Ravo in for him, quite satiafioil with his performance. IIo next fought i- draw with Jemmy Martin, and then forfeited through illness £28 to his former opponent Massey; but still ho'wns de termined to retrieve his lnure)3 previously lost to' that little hero, and, his backers being willing, a third match was made Thld affair camo off near Woodond, and after'n gallant mill of three hours and a half, Charley knocked his renowned and gamo antagonist out of time, and wn.t thus proclaimed lho victor. This was his last appearance previous to tho present one ; as he visited S.ydnoy. with tho proceeds of his victory, in company with Tom, Woods, and put forth tho challenge which re sulted na wo have already desoribed. ' Jemmy Keu.y is a native, of tit! colony, but of Irish descent, and, unlike bis opponent, has not yet reached his primo, being only nineteen ytars old. In weight both were nearly equal, for though 8st Olb was Jemmy's sti pulated weight, to his adversary's 8st -lib, neither lad exceeded the latter, nt tho time of scaling on Monday morning. Kelly made his first regular bow as a pugiliit with ono Bingham, a pot of tho Abattoirs, who was by hia partisans considered invincible at his weight ; and for this affair woholievo Jack Sullivan, who had notthen been matched, brought tha young native to the post. The lads had only been in tho ring some sixteen mlnKti's, during wllich Bingham never had the ghost of a chanco, when lho blues putan end lo hostilities. Kelly's party did all.they could to brine their ndversarr to the scratch again, but as ho had nochduco ha wisely enough fought shy, until at length, after the stakes had been impounded for months, both parties agreed to draw. Jemmy next showed on tho day that. Sullivan nnd Sparkcs contended, with Cosier, of Parrainnlta, for £20 aside. Tho Parramattaito had lots of friends, and ? would havo boon backed lo fight Sullivan; but niter a ding-dong mill, he had to cry peccavi before tho pluck nnd hard hitting of hU youthful antagonist, who, on that occasion, went into tho ring without an hour's prepa ration, and labouring under sundry other disadvantages. I'rom lhat time, which was in tlie last week of April, Kelly had not appeared in the ring until the present match. Preliminaries having been arranged, ami tlie two first dopotitii duly posted; the lads disappeared from the pay and festive Ecene, and betook themselves to active work; Charley retaining the services of 1'oin Woods, nnd Nod Bitlon undertaking to put Kelly through his facings. Tlio Inttor oliose tho no ghbourhood of Waverloy ; whilo Tom Woods aud hi-i pupil domicilod themselves at Cremorno ; from whoi.ee lmwevor they wero antn dia loiigtd by rumoura of 'pinchioR,' when Ihoy removed to St. Leonards. In order to do away with Ilia chances of interference, Botany Heads, or 'Culonol Point,' whoie Tom Sparkcs was to have luot Sallivan, was -mutually aarcod upon . as tho btat known locality ; nnd every thing went smoothly, uutil the weigning had been got ovor on Monday morning lost, anil each parly had returned to their own quarters. But on Mon day nftoruoon, in consequence of some raisuuderstauding ahotit tlie stciiincr, n onsidornblc barney touk place; bidding fair at one time to put a flop to tho match 'in tato. After some hours had bcon thua wasted both par ties consented to refer tho matter, and Deut'd Paddock, over Cook's Iliver, lho scono of similar contests in year* ROno by, wns named for the place ; whilo the timo wis'flxod'nt from 7 to 9 a.io. on tho morrow. Thither, therefore, the men repaired in duo enurse, but on our nrrivul In tho neighbourhood, we'fouud that, in oodjc quenceofnn warning having been ssnt to Dill Sparkes (who was commissary on the ocoasioh) of the change of venue, iheropos mid slakes were oh their way to Colonel. It was consequently near nine o'clock when tlieso very nccesB«ry articles arrived at the appointed place; and bv way of giving them n suitable reception BUndry 'bobbies' dropped if, to tnko part in tho proceedings. ' Wo did not rce our firoontlni: frleud, Inspector Rylanda, with his Diatol, and should think he will be kept away from such affair* in future, the ' dot nnd go one' routine of his district duties being o'vldenily more sultod to his ' calibre ,' ' but ibcrb was a canard coins tho rounds to the effect tlut Mr. Singleton. would shortly Hrrive-^rtth'ft pome of -mounted 'trooper*;' nnd warrants for tho two intending; belligerents. Having provided onreclvea with (owl a and ham, we now indulged in breakfast and n smoke, whiob b'ti b; ended, we discovered that a move scn-watds wan contemplated; and, Dropor precaution* having been tnktn, tho army rdtrltitcd in good order, nnd without leaving behind any of their cump followers. Wo wero, however, followed toourboalsby » rather good apoilmen of n pcelor, whom we could not help pitying in bis present situation, that of a mounted man; for from the pace we took him nway at in the morning, our mind's cyo readily pictured shcels of diachylon being rendered neocsanry on his return. Our guide took us to Cngrn, whore, after a slight delay, wo got en board a ibcll bo it (lo the number of about 40) and enilid for Ilia spot long fincc famous &? tho tryilng plotn of Tom SparkeB and Diok Hunt, and Black Perry nnd Huff.. Thcro wo nrrived safely, nnd nmuacd ourselves among the oysters, whicll do so abound there, while 'Oar Bill' and hi« amocijtea prepnrod tho arena. The aBaemblngo was not largo, and was a far less rowdy ono thin wo unua'iy too collectod at such times? Pending tho complotion of arrangements, all aorls of games were Indulged in. Tho benrd of green cloth, on which wero displayed tho mysterious O and U, symbols of mi amusement at which ton can piny as well as twenty, and twenty ns well as ten, wns displaying its nttrn lions; whi'o alongside, n knot of operators who believe in their ability to ' head 'cm' wero indulging in thu blnckfellow'a grime of three up. ' Hero was die legi timate cribbago ; nnd to keep both wlnno.s nnd losers in good order, Uiero ni no lack nt liqunr, to whicll a woll of excclUntly cold water added a peculiar charm. . Of bolting thcro was but littlo up to the time of the lads entering the ring, hut wlut little thero W2j-inay bo looked upon as in favour of tho Victorian, Ilia lrvyeia offering (3 to 4, whilo G to 4 wan demwdod by tuotukerp. At about one o'o'ock the ring wni completed; nnd, without delay, Kelly throw in bis cap, nn example which wti3 at once followed by Charley. Tho Inttcr was waited on by Tom Woods and Bill Franklin ; wbilo Jommy had tho vnluablo aid of Ned Bitton aud Bill SpnrktH. Souio timo wn9 cut to wuato before a rcferco could bo chos u, recent events having mado most ol tliO3o who wero oligiblo kliy of undertaking tho duties ; but when almost every ono had bceu tried, the difficulty was got over by tho arrival of a gentleman, who has already shown his unwavering steadiness of purpose in suchcaees; nnd ho was at onco prevailed upon to act— his decision boing fortunately not c iljed ior throughout tbo buttle. Everything bciDjj Hius nrrangotl, and Kelly hnving won thn toes fr.r corners tho principals undorwont tbo oporatii-n of peeling, nnd propnrint; for tho fray, which being completed, Ilorrrgan pronrssd to bothls opponont a ' ilvor' on lho result. This, however, was not accoptcd, Kelly requiring (1 to 4, to whioh at last Charley consented; nnd the ntiljkinj; touchos bolug given to oaoh, tho two lads tood the scratch for THE FIGHT. Round 1. On facing each other, a marked diffcronco was obeervnblc, not only In the innko of tho qu:ubnt ants, but nlso in their ot} lo. CUarluy lookod muscular and bin for bin weight, and had in his whole appcaranoj more tho cut of a brnlsor than his w ry looking antago nist. AVc fancied that he waa scft nnil could hove done ?with niittlc moro woik, and less flesh. Kelly, although tliin, was oviJcnlly hard, and his broniscd mug had moro of oonfidenoo in it tlimi wo could d°tect in tlu.t of tho moioexpaiienccd Cborley. Tho p09itioii3 of Ihoboya wero widely different, llorrcgnu, with head thrown hack and apparently go.d guard, being by far tho more griieeful ; whilo \ra could nor look lor quickness from tho somewhat ungainly atiitudoof ICc'ly.. Tbo latter stauda veiy much as Hob Ilrottlo h represented in the plo'.ureo of him, and gives bis head in n wuy thnt mnat phy tho mischief with tho hands of liis advtrsary. How wo worn mislikon no shall now proceed to show. Long nnd cautious rparring was tho order of tho day, boforc either would open tho bnll ; and tho first attempts of caoh wae pioductive of no results. Jemmy was nnxiius to forco tho fightlnp, nnd Charity waited fur his attacks. At length Kelly got homo on tho leftriba, when Charley went in, iiiid n rattling rally cutuod, both flijhtinir woll with iota of determination, ni.d in tho end Kelly was down. On going to their corners a claim of fliet blood was inado for Kelly and nllowod. 2\. Thu length ol tho firBt round had slighlly winded both, and Charley iliowod a few iuarka of Kelly's handiwork, tho whiteness of his skin tolling tnlea upon small provocation. Kelly led off, but at tho first nttoinpt neither got homos after long sparring Charley (jo-. Ids right homo, hut Kislly g.wo Ms licad ; and after H short interval ''tbo Sjiiilor' put in a milling cross oonntor with h!s i 1 1- 1 1 1 , but uuforluuntoly bolng too high It oauyht Jcminy on the tomplo ; and as Neil Bit ton nt onco eluowdly retmrkccl, '' Charley's right fork ^ri3 B»uc.' Some quick fighting now ensued, (jive and tnko being tho order of the day, nud no flinching. Kelly got in several on tha body; nnd Charley ttho was notbchinOhand, bub ho did hot admlnistor ruuoh pepper \7h0n ho did got liomo,»nd was often fhort. 1'rotty eXohnngcu follon'c.l, Chs(lcy mlsjing r.u uppor-cut, aud getting borne on the gob. Ho did not, hiwever, thow much quickness, nnd miised.mord.tbin. one opportunity of countering with oilier. Both anxious to fight, Charley propping on Ttlie smoller'os'Jeinmy'ca'tne in, and 'each figlniuR well with boUil hands Xu'n close. Whon they, tiroke Jemmy Rot homo a 'fine-two,' And agaijx, they olu^td, when of tor a short struggle Kelly .was under in a harmless Ml , . . , ... 3\. Tbo betting hnd now shlltod round ia favour of ; Kelly, though no odda were laid; still ho had thoeill; ; »t evon money. On facing eaoh other, it was ovidentr tlmt Charley had rando up his mliid to tiro out hia ad-; vereary, and long, cautious sparring li d nt length to the young 'un gotting hia loft homo, foil. wed by a similar-. violation loft and .right, nnd another loft-lmndcd; smack,.nll without a return. (' Give it hini, Jemmy, his right inawlcj'B gone.') Chnrloj put in n little ono on tbo conk, fol|on-eJ by mutual e^obrmgefl. i'floh tlion; gut homo, Ihi.ugb harmlessly; Jemmy following his man, and RCtliLg homo on the bicosl, being well. countered nn the kisser. Kolly, determined to ho nt it, paid another visit to Charloy'a victualling department;, nnd then got ono home on tho smeller, with n ditto oa) tlio libs; Horrcgnn on each r-ceasii n boing short, and Riving rise to counidcrnble ohafflng from Kelly's corner.'. Jommy got ono home on the proboscis*, and each stood looking at lho othtr. ('Keep him nt it, Jemmy I') Kelly, nothing loth, gut homo his right ou lho ribs, and jumped away laughing ; tlien following Chnrloy, round the ring, got homo once and again, when Cliarloy closod and throw him harmlessly. Half anhoui'bid' r.ow elapsed. , 4\. CautiouB sparring, when Clmtloy tried but wan short. Jemmy got loma twico on tlu d!nl plalc, ro n-iving a littlo ono in return. After 1 iiolher short one, Clurley got homo on tlio clurct jug, Hunnp en the tap ? pretty extensively. ('Givoithim, Jemrry! Ht'soooked.'), Still cnutiousi Ktlly went in, but no lurm wns dona in. lho exchanges, and in jumping nway Hurrrgrin's Fpikcn tore cne of Jcmmj's booti'. Kelly got in a sling-, ine-ri^ht, and following, tronted CliBrfoy, lo a Becond; crii'.ion ; after wbibh » olose nnd a break aw»Y. Both men t'till 03 blroug aa at tho commenecment, though. Jemmy did not Bccm to like the conatnrit fljw of o'.nrnti. f'Otu bis nasal promontory. Pretty exchanger, and Charley agnin drew tbo cork of tho cl.iret depnrtmeni ;', when Keliy got his right home under the hear/, nnri; again in tho brcad-lmpkct. Some exonllenb oounter-'. bitting and cries of ' Wtll done both ; they're a pair ot^ littlo plums.' Charley's game evidently was to keep ' Kolly in tha ring us long as posiblc, every now and then turning on tho tap afresh, nnd although tho young 'un still fought on, he wnuld havo been as well pleased lo; havo had 'a wipo.' Ilia left oyo nioreovor was begin-^ ing to close, and belling hnd died away to qotbing'., Jemmy still anxious to load, j^ob home :i couple of little ones, whtn, nfr.r snmo piolty exchange, Horrcgnn paid' another visitation to tho gob; and then gnvo (he tap anothor turn. Anhour had now been consumed, 6£ whicll this round bad occupied j;iet luilf, hut still to ' litllc harm had been done, that no sign of a finish was nt nil visiblo. Jemmy got well homo on the jaw, and slightly on tho body; but ho appeared to bo netting' woaker, and Charley now put hla blows aside, with the evidpnt intinticu of tiring tho young 'nn out. 'After sparring, Jemmy put more onoiny into bis attack, fuiLped in and got homo left and right on the phisoir, (juarHr , tapping tho ruby three' 'inie* in succeBslon. (' His left's' grme, Jemmy I' from Nod Bitton.) 6 to 4 again laid oa Cluilej-, who now nppearod to have the fight iu hand ('Gu In and finish him, Jemmy ') .tommy, according to' orders, did go in, but got tho worst of tho cxclinngc-B, . when Charity closod, nnd Jemmy was e'own. (One hour and 18 minutes.) ; O._ On coming to lime, Jemmy's mug Bhowed signs of' fiunishmcnt; and ho seemed tjcttlug weak; whilo Char ey, whoao kisser was certainly not made moro beautiful, looked as strong as over. Tho fighting wna harmless, ? throughout this long and weary round ; Horrogan's bands ? being useless ; and Jemmy, although his forks wero right, ' not having tbo stamina nnd strength to go in nnd finish—: Each got homo occasionally, but without powder, find wo began to fancy wo were to'havo a ' nundowncr.' When ' tho round had lasted 15 minute?, both walked to their ) corners and took a suck at tlio bottle. Caution was the ; gamo on re- commencing;, Jemmy certainly seemed1 abroad, but hia opponent was equally unable to attempt1 a finish. His right was clearly very painful to him, and from this out, nothing was done; tho rest of tbo fight, : if such it could any longer bo called, consisting in dodging cadi other round and round,, so as t« get out of lho sun 'a rays which now were pretty ponerful, When* two hours had elapsed, and a second wipo been indulged' In, tha men stood looking at each other, and could not help laughing, as wo supposed at tho prospects of re-' mainlng in tho ring till sundown. To describe any, further this round wero only n gross waste of time,' suflico it is to Bay that tho combatants remained in tho ring for forty minutes longer, during which they a third: timo returned to their corners for consoln'.ion. At length; the rcferco proposed a draw, to which Charley at onco1. consented, followed by Kolly ; and a shaking of mawleys ' ensued, when tho men had been within tho ropes two ? hours and forty minutes. After receiving tho attentions of their seconds both were strong as lions, and witu ; littlo appcaranco of punishment. A proposal to get up . a pursn was negatived; fow 'having any wish to 'make it sundown,' when no ifecessily existed. So nil sought tho boats; and without any contretemps, by eight o'clock the latest division had nrrived in Syduey. . . B.EMAKKS. For many reasons wo wero disnppoinled. Wo dox't believe in drawn fights, and therefore we cansiiler this ? ons unsatisraciory. -yv^ lo-ir^ r,,r „ »,.„,. mill of forty . or fifty minutes, with nwin at the end of it, and expected ' - .,.':_:*.'' to sco more science on the part of Horrfgnn. flis sys tem of flinging hia. right at the head was tho most suicii -. dal policy bo could hnvo been guilty of, aud .be might : havo known his hand (previously damaged) must go. Ho attributes to his hands leaving him in tlie lurch, his boirg unable to win. and wo think, with Justine, for with ! hands ho could hardly have missed making Kelly givo ; in after the fourth round. Still Horregan did not.ncarly como up to our expectations, for ho must have done dif ferently when ho fought Johnny Massey. Ho was hardly ' in ns good condition as he might havo been, and was softer than we expected ho would bo. Kolly has risen considerably in our estimation. He is quick with both bands, nnd not lo bo denied ; proving that elegance of position is not the main thing-; but ho has h-&Uy; tlie stamina to drag, through a loug oncountur with nn old 1 general. Hia condition was^uperb, and reflected great-' i credit on Ned Bitton, who we know had devoted unceas ing attention to hia task. Had Kelly been moro cxperi-, enced, ho would have won the fight when ho found both. ? of Charloy's hands knocked up; as it wan, wo fancy thu - imperfect sight of his left eye upset hi) coniidenco toii; go in and finish. Charljsy Horregan ha3 mnde n misloko; ?-. he undervalued hla antagonist, and mast 'suffer for his *'? pains. CitAiUiBY Bbock and Ned White.— At tho Tnra dnlo Police Court on Friday last, Charley Brook was brought boforc lho magistrate charged with ' threatening and abuaivn behaviour in a public ulnro.' Cliarloy very properly pleaded guilty to being engaged in a priza fight, and waa then troitod to n lecturo .rom tho polico Magistrate. His Worship (Mr. Heron) s\id t!nt at long ' as ho sat on tho bench ho would discourage auch dis craceful prnotiscs an tho one for taking part in which tho ilcfcndnnt stood beforo him.' Ho might eay that tlio pcoplo who Blood by looking on were ni much if not - moro to blame than tbo uiisguided in- ivlduala them- ? eelvea. Tho dcoision of tho Oanrt was 'that tho priEOnc-r bo finod £10, or in ? default threo . month's imprisonment with hard labour. And that, he would moreover bo boucd over, himself: in £100 and two lOipoctnblo sureties iu £10 e.ieh, to keep tho ponce irith Kdward Whito nnd all her Mnjealy'n ? aulijeots lor elx months- In default of bail, C months' , iinprisonmer.t. Uudsr thc.10 oircumstuoctis themca; havo ngreod to draw thoir fta cs. M'obhall, nccoiding.y, - oa Thursday next, Boud £100 to Mr. D., Elpliinstouo; , and £1CO to lslr- Howe, Australian hotel, Forest Creek.,. Fiieb SmitiI's Bekepit— ThisovonL w'U come off. on Monday next, nt tho newly trcsled pymuasium at tho ronr of the Glasgow Arms in Kliziuolh Sireet,.. 'wTiicir will bo' then opened for the first time. ]?ied has. been promised tho nssistauco of nil the pvgilali in town,, and has issued a very attractive programme. AVj may mention thnt tho gyranceiuiu'is the l.-.'gjs' opcuoJ in Melbourne since tl'.nlbuiit by M'Luron somj few. joats tine j in Victoria Street, nnd being furniuUcd nud llgbted, promises to bo au ogrceablo rosott for i*ll Inclined £9^ glove practice. 