WHAT IS TRiUT1H? - MR. rAWNa' LECTURIB. Tb the Editor of the Launceston Examiner Hobart Town, 20th Sept., 1801. Sia,-It is with much painful reluctance I have to request of you to give admission to this letter. Having lately printed in the .Examiner a lecture on Rome deliered by Mr. Fawns, Junr., con taining, as I believe, many erroneous statements, stateomnts not only calculated to lead persons astray regarding imoportant matters, but also to create a spirit of religious discord, heartburnings and animosities; I trust you will in jus:ice give mie an opportuuity to lay such facts belfore your readers as will I hope prove that DMr. Fawns has not given correct accounts in this lecture. Before proceeding to do so I beg you will be so good as to reprint your introductionu to the lecture as fboud in your paper 12thl Seplltember Ma. Fx'AWN' LEcruns on RoM?.-M-lr. Fawns friends feel indignant or the insult thait has been of, fbred to him, and ask in justice to him that his lecture so tfr as possible, may be published from the notes he has left behind. As a atutil of thle colony and a do seendauit of the followers of Join Knox, he does not understand why ie should be denied the liberty of rpeech here h? enjoyed inl Great Britain i alld al though compelled to depart for Europe and therefore unable to delend lrmeell, he left this message-that he wars io professionit lecturer and hlad only delvered live or six in his lire; that it was by special request he consented to address audiences in this island; that he had no intention to offend any one; thut he pledges his honor tothe ruth of everything ihe stated; that ihe never heard of gasworks or sawr ptslights in Rome, and that his descriptious were coilrned to what Ihe saw and experienlced and not to what ihs knew nothing about; in short, that lie conummuniestcd nuohing new, but whitl had existed for centuries and was already well known. Here we have your authority that M\r. Fawns has stated nothing but " what he saw and ex pnrienced." That circumstance will, I hope, he uuly noted by those who may read this letter. With regard to your assertiorn that this gentle nan " had no intention to ollenud any one," I may be permitted to remark that the tone and tenor of the lecture convince rae Mr. Fawns did not nrouble himself regarding the feelings of his Ca tholic fellow townsmen, and that fact I think I shall be able to demonstrate to the satisfaction of all men of candid minds before I conclude this communicantion. I bhave no desire to enter upon the various errors in the lecture-such as tile want of water in home, the closing of the Ghetto at ten at night, the ten thousand priests, only ten thou sand I the law compelling all men to go to con lession twico each year, tile worn out and I nauseous caluamny that the Council of Trent had decreed that "the Pope and the Lord form the same tribunal, so that sill excepted tile Pope can do all that God can do I" These and.mauny othler matters 1 shall pass over, anrd~only call special at tention to the lfllowing statements made by Mr. a Fawns as liositive existing facts. 1\. Mr. FaWns asserts-" The streets at night I are only lighted by it small oil lamp suspended c between the houses on each side by a string, with very little oil and very little wick, you get no real beuefit, only, in faet, become cognizant ot the darkness."-_- Subsequently he says ie has "no recellection of gas." ily lsst visit to Rome was in 1854, where I spenthbetwees four= and live muouths. Wihenever r i?n thstreetsin tihe evening 4here I found as brll lint gas lanlis ts eI ver met with lu ghnluind, t France, or Austrlai.-lamps, not uspended m the s middle of the streets, but on posts at the sides of the houses, nod on posts as elegant as those in London or Hobart Town. How Mr. Fawns could mistake these brilliant gas lights for shabby oil ones, of course I cannot devise; but that he did so is actually proved, if we are to believe his words: and this circumstance alone must convince any rational being that either this gentleman's vision was so imperfect as not to allow him to distinguish the difference between the twinkling of a miserable oil lamp and a brilliant gas light, or that lie has stated in his lecture what he knew was not correct. In either case the testimony of such a witness can be of little north. And whilst speaking on the subject of gas, I might ask, how could it occur that when aIr. Fawns was in that part of tome where stood the palace of the Ceosars, lie could avoid seeing a huge building, huge in length and breadth, with its lofty chimney, and shapled like no other building in that city; or if indeed he did see such erection, and knew not to what use it was appropriated, he had not the curiosity to enquire P IIad he done so, he would have been Informed it was the place where the gas was made to light the public otreets and private houses; and by that means, at all events, he would have ascertained that gas was used even in Ronme. hIe tells us in his lecture that Roume contains a population of 100,000; you may therefore easily Imagine the gas works are not on a very limited scale. But till this building, we nust suppose, escaped 11r. Fawns observntion I Well, be it sol 2\. Mr. Fawns states-" A Ioman prison is an awful place, where you are almost sure to be de. voured with vermin, and only once a day, a handful of corn is given to bhe mixed with water as fbod." This Mr. Fawns has seen, or can pledge him self as to its truth. I, too, have visited Roman prisons, and perhaps as many times is that gentleman; and, not being entirely a novice on prison matters, was anxious to examine minutely those in Rome. Some of them required considerable alterations in their ar rangeuament, &c.;, and Mr. Maguire, In his book on Itome, tells us, that great improvements were in progress. But, Sir, to the point in question. I can state, that I have been present when the. rations were served out-have carefully examined and tasted them-and can affirm, that it has never been my lot to see food so good, and so plentiful, in any gaol in England (and I have seen many), or in France, New South Wales, Victoria, or Tasmania. I mean the felons' jails in Iome. A grosser calumny was never fabricated than that about "the handful of corn once a-day." I must pre. sumo Mr. Fawns has allowed some impudent knave to impose upon him with the vile story. Charity for hihn, dictates this supposition. 3\. MHr. Fawns observes--'There is one more peculiar ceremony, &c.;" There is one more peculiar ceremony performed by one of the Cardinals during Holy Week. Hto crsos all Jews, Turks, and Heretics, which last Ineludosevo rd thousands of Protestants, English, American, and German, spending the winter in Rama. These are cursed hb "Bell, Itook, and Candle." The little boll is rung, tlhe curse is sung from the book, and the lighted tapers are throwvn down anongsetthe people. WVhen llitel monks and priests are assaemblod i the Catheldral, the Cardinal pronounces tile following B Ose:-- fly the authority of God the lather Almighty, of the blessed Virgin lMary, of t. Petoser and St. Paul, and of the Holy Saints-first an eacoam munieation, and then the Cardinal with a deep voice proceeds tlhus,-We curse and ban (or outlaw), com mit and deliver to the Devil of Hell him or iear, what soover he or se may be ecommunicated and accursed may they be and givea body and soul to the Doevil catoed J. they in cities, in towns, in flclds, in ways, in pthse Ilhouses, nutf houses, and all othilier placoe. alanding, lying or riting, walking, runnitne, wakinll, sleeping, eating, drinking, inid wtoatsiver lthings they to besiotes. We searte ihemo from the threslhold anid froml all prayers ofthe Church, from Ithe Ioly mlass, Ironm all the sacr, monts, from holly bread and holy water, from all the merits of God's priests and religioos men, from alll pardons, privileges, grants, illll nites whlich all tlio oly Fathersllo and the Popes of Ioron have granted, and,woe give themn over utterly to the power of tIlhe flood, and let us quench their soul it they be dead this night In the palos of hell-ttre s this ealdlo is now quenochlled and put out (oneo is pult out) i andl let us pray to God tthat if they be alive their eyes tllay lhe put out as this candle is pult out (secolld candle pult out); and let us pray to (otd. l, l to our Lady, and to St. Peter and St, Paul, and nil tlhe I oly Stints, tilht all the senses of their body imaiy fail them, and that they may have no feeling its now thils candle is gone (thrown down), except they come openly and now co nfess their hlasplhen1y, and by repentance as in thlelm s:ilhall lie, make confeesson and satisfaction to God, our I ?atdy, St. Peter, and the worshipull companyl of tiis Soer Catheodral Church." S-?.Ase this " peculiar ceremony" takes place pub .,rlicly in the Cathedral, that is, in St. Peter's, Mr. 9 Fawns, no doubt, was present, as we are told " that he pledges himlself on his honor, that the states nothing but what hIl saw." Now, Sir, it hase been my good fortune to be I Itome three different times during HI oly Week, anld i ach tlime I have had the happiness to attend the sub )llme services of the Church in that Cathedral. Not, however, until I road the curse in yotur newspaper, did I ever hear one word about this cursing service. I have certainly a tolerable toc quaintance with the omannn Liturgy, having had it pretty constantly in mly hands for nearly half a century ; and, would you believe me, I have never met with this "peculiar service" iu any of its parts. Of course if this awful ceremonlyand fear ful curse really took place, either in Rolle or in any portion of the Latin Church, it omust be found in some part of the Liturgy. The Liturgy of tleg Church does not change with "every wind of doc trilne" But, still it is quite true that I have been present when a Cardinal oflliciatd in St. Petero' Cathedral, in Holy week, whoen priests and monkso were there, and when he ihas mentioned schismnatics and heretics (1 presume that Mlr. Fawns will at low there is such a sit as theresy, at least St. Paul did), but I heard no curse uttered. The following prayer was poured forth, but forsooth, it savours very little of a curse, as you will perceive: "0 Almighty and Eternal God, who savest all, and wouldst have none to perish ; look down on those souls that are seduced by the deceits of the \- devil; that tite hearts of ail those that err, laying aside all heretical nmalicee, may repent and return to the unity of the truth. Through Jesus Christ our Lord, who livest one God world without end. Amen." There are also other services in St. Peters, In -Holy Week, when with a Cardinal, or Cardinals, `"prieots, and Monks attend, and when tapers are lighted, and from time to time, extinguished; and sItm strongly inclined to suppose the wonderful et ry Mr. Fawns related to the good people of Launceston about the cursing and ligltedl tapers, Sbt?as its origin in this function. Lot us examine a little. Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday .nsevings, in Holy Week, the divine office for the clergy ins termed " Tenhrte," becauso it takes place towards dark hour, antd tiny, even stran gers, wish to attend. The first part of this divine service conslsts of nine of tile Pealis of David, re ferring, chiefly, to our blessed Lord antd his suf ferings, and at the end of each Psalm, a taper is extinguished, to remind us of the approaching death of the World's Redeemer-- that is, of what took place. Then portions from the Lamentn tions of the Prophet Jeremiah are sung in plain tive tones. This section of the office is Ibllowed by other Psalms, the tapers being extinguished, until the canticle of Zachariah is chanted (St. Luke I.) and then when all the lights are put out, the Miseorre Psalm is sung or recited (which I hope Mir. Fawns heard in the Sixtine Chapel, concluding with this sublime and soul-stirring prayer: "'Christ became obedient for its unto death, even the death of the cross.' "Look down, O Lord, we beseech Thee, on this Thy family, for which our Lord Jesus Christ, did not hesitate to hbe delivered into the hands of wicked men, and to sufler the torment of the cross; who lives and relgns with the Father and the Holy Ghost, for ever and over. Amen." And thus you have a plain and simple state ment of what actually takes place in St. Peter's, and, in fact, in every portion of the Latin Clhurch, at that sacred time. And, Sir, is it not lamentable thatt a gentlemon ti .Mr. Fawns' position can stand forth before a company of his fellow townsmen, and tell them that he has been present and heard in Rome the vile carse uttered which you have published to the world I Can the report of this portion of his lecture be true? If so, I would again fain believe that he hlas allowed himself to become the dupe of some Impudent knave, or that lie has copied this wicked story from some of those vile publicatlons made to catch the unwary, and to pander to the Ignorance or morbid appetite of the weak-minded, the bigoted, or the modern Phariseeo. Having made this statement in the hum bl hope that charity, which has been wan. Sonly wounded by Mur. Fawns, may, in some measure be healed, and that the foot prints of religious strife Itoe has left behind him on soil hitherto peculiarly freo frot ani moalty and bitter wrangliogs, may be speedily eradicated, I beg leave to add that I shall not enter into controversy with any one, nor shall I notice any anonymnous communications that may appear in the public prints, nor even such as have respectable names attached, unless reference is made solely to the tlhree topics I have coon moented upon, viz.-Gns, prison fare, atnd the alleged frightful curse. \- I hbve contradicted these three assertions made by Mr. Fawns and have laIn before you and the public the grounds for doing so. Duitty to my nock, whose feelinlge lhave been wounded, and to the public at large seemned to demand thils moe sure of me, and I hope I have clearly demon strated that MAr. Fawns is uot a witness worthy of credit; that prejudice, blind zeal, and fana ticism have caused him not to see things in Romen that really exist; to neo thigs tlinhat did not exist, and to hear things that were never uttered. Zeal, when based on truth, justice, and clharity, Is no doubt most commendadole i but when these sacred virtues are disregarded it becomes per nicious and baneful. The warning so cnlphatically given us by the wisest of men should serve to check ts in our seal when justice, truth, and the happiniess of others are at stake-" Tlhese six thitgs doth the SLord hate: yen, seven are an abomlnatiou unto him, A false winess that speaketh lies and he that soweth discord among brothren"-Prov. : I not, Bir, Your obedient servant, SIJt. W. Wu.nWson, Catloslo Bishop of 1Io0brton. 