PARLIAMENT OF QUEENSLAND. (Abridged from the Brisbane Papers.) LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. WEDNESDAY, JULY 24. [WE here give a brief abstract of the Speeches on the Native Police Report, which we were forced to omit in our last issue.] Mr. WATTS: It was absolutely necessary to pro- tect the settler in his forward march; they must either hold the land by force or not at all. (The hon. gentle- man narrated the circumstances of the murder of Mr. Marks's little boy, and other outrages equally atrocious, committed by the blacks.) He saw no other way of providing against such things than the plan then in force. He could not approve the conduct of the Com- mandant in allowing men of drunken habits to remain officers in the force. The Secretary of Police was also to blame in neglecting to see to the proper supply of the troopers in provision, clothing, and ammunition. He could not but express his surprise that to such an officer the House had been asked to vote an increase of salary of £100. He trusted the Government would either repri- mand him severely or dismiss him altogether. He (Mr. W.) was aware that near Ipswich, within a few days past, the blacks had been fighting, and several of them killed. Honorable gentlemen saw those things going on under their very noses, and took no notice. Rum and arsenic and strychnine had hilled more blacks than the Native Police. The evidence of Mr. Zillman he thought specially deserving of attention—especially his proposal for a cotton plantation worked by blacks, which he thought might be established by a grant of £1000 a-year for five years. Mn COXEN drew ratteantion to the term "indiscrimi nmate slaughter," which he thought hardly atremng enough to characterize codoct which it wase car from some of the evidenc-epeial from that of Mr. Babbitt -?ad frequently been something worse. He himself had known of cases int which black prisoners had been alloUoed to escepe; such blacks were never beard of again. With regard to eatching blacks in the scrub, he would redmeark that he never yet heard of it being done even by the Native Police, soa that it was no argament against a white force, to say that it could not be done by them. In fact he never knew ofany blacks being taken anywhere by the Native Police, and brought before the ordinary tribunals. He knew well that a fotrce was necessary to preserve life and property in the bush, and that sunch force should be a strict one;r but he belieed at the same time that much unnecessary eruelty had been used, and that it ought to be sppressed. He ehad ittle doubt also that most of the outrages committed had resultediV om wrongs flrst infieted by the whitea-s-heas taking anwy gnia, and visiting comparatively renial ofS-nces with bloody punishment. With regardmocivilieingthe blacks, he by no means believed ien all that had been stad as ato its impossibility. Between the years 1861-8, on the Hunter River, he bad underhim ablock boy,'wh o"was' dedeated with his brother's children, and made ucbh pregresein his sindies that Lea abl e to obtaip, prizes forgeooraphy, neritingj Amd otherthings. Some time atr rceamancess occurred bthsrow the by ot oareme. .Xle did at, however,'t to the bLsh, as migist naturally hbve bee s expeeted. He had become civilised and Chriatinised as much es boys of his age usually were, and he obtained his own living by engaging in the service of settlers m ays, until, after two years, he againame ito tiis ) serice, on the Doane, and conducted Limadl~llwith the excep tion of an occasional disposition tLitemperance-a fault by no means peculiar tomis race. Heafterwardeentered the police under Mr. Walker, and was, made a non commissioned oficer.. In tiat ervice he remained two or three years, aftdtil hichMiine he became ill, and died. He had at one time been very kindly treated by Mr. *lennie, and, at the time of his death, having saved some money, he placed £5 in the bands of Mr. Walker to be remitted to Mr. Glenie, and applied to soy purpoce he might thinkfit. Hethought thatlictlebiography showed that the blocks wore not aolof them altogether wreclaim able. He believed, however, that the case was an ezceptional one, and that it might probably take genera tions to aecompliab mnch good. With regard to the cotton plantation, jroposed by Mr. Zillman,jhe felt perfectly sure that it would prove a failure. If any good wereto be done with the black children, they most not be allowed ton cmmunicate with their tribe. The love of the unrestrained liberty of savage life was natural even to the civiliced man; and besides, there were theinduce. ments presented by their supermtitions feelings--their religion. He denied altogether what he had heard so frequently asserted that the blacks bad no ideaof a future state. Hio aequaintance with the blocks on the Namoi snd the Hunter had convinced him of the contrary.' He found that they had such an ides, and that they also had names for agood and for an evil spirit, and that they had is flare something very similar 'to 'the Hunting Grounds of the North American Indians.. 'It was an error also to suppose that they expected, after death, to "jamp up whitefellow." That very common idea had ansen from the simple fact their word for ghost, or the shades of the departed, had very naturally been applied by them to the white man when they frst .beheld him. With regard to thie murder of Mr. Marks' child, he would merely remark thatthe father had born a character for great severity towards the blacks, and that be had been accused of murdering many of them.' As far as he (Mr. Coxen), himself jles ooncerned--asd hon. geotle men would admit that he had had some esperience, and knew what he was talindg about--he adt lived many years on the very oatakirts of civilisation, mid be had never had to speak a harsh word toe black; kind treat ment he had always found to succeed. In coeclusion, he would simply say (in reference to a letter which he bad seen in that morning'p paper, expreaaing surprise that he should have refused to give evidence before the Committee)- thatbe had never been asked to appear before the Committee, ansI that he was himself rather surprised that no summons had been sent to him. (Hear, hear.) The great question was the best means of offirering the force, and he thought the report generally very indistinct in its mode of pointing out the remedy fee the deficiency and irregularity whith hadhaisted of late In that respect. The force, if well fl~eered, would be a most valuable ally to the eause ofcivil order; but if the officers were inexperienced, wanton, and intemperate, the NativePolicewould be a curee he the country. The rce was a machien, and nothing more. Its effects uld depend upon those who guided it. As a machine heinew of none better, and would vote for the adoption of the report. Mr. GORE ommented on various parts of dence, giving as his opinion that, whatever tages m ght attenld the arset mode of lche loved eouldbdevised. Hdelo think th t awl force could be substituted, or that white and black men would act effieiently togetser. The hen. gentleman made meny quotationo from the evidence of the wit nesses before the committee, and cited several instances that had come under his own knowledge to show that the whites ntever succeeded themselves in bringing the blacks i justice for murder and other crimes, hu thtat the saletary dreadinspired by the native police was very effectual in preventing outrage. He maintained also Sfreo the evidence that any attempt to disband the force would be attended with lamentable results. He knew' by lis own experience the great difference there was between the state of the country at present and that of twenty yesre ago, when he firt esme to the eduntry. All done. He irested the report would be adopted by a large majoiity. Dr. CBALLINOR had found the argunmente deduced in favour of the continuance of the native police force to be, the generally bad character of the aborigines, and the great dificulty of apprehending them by a white foete. The crimes laid to their charge were murder, rape, per. jury, robbery, lying, and other offences, wanton slaguhter and cannibalism; their aversion to civihzation, their partiality to sport, and romantic habits, and their objee tion to permanent employment. He would be sorry that it should go forth that thle atrocities of black me-n were of deeper dye then the same crimes committed by Europeans, and yet that appeared to be the main infer ence drawn. If those crimes did not obtain amongst ourselves, wherefore the necessity of magistrates, and gaols, and police, and of statute and comnmon law 1-if not to prevent those crimes, except canauibalism. What greater murderJhad they committed than was committed by Richard the Third when the royal children were smothered inthetower ?-or that when the Swedish nobles wore murdered by Christian IL of Denmark ? What greater atrocity had they committed than the murder of his relatives and friends by Palmer, or was exhibited in the murder by Mr. Maekenzie with stryeh nine? Wme the murder of FannyBriggs greater? What greater atrocity was it for blacks to kill bullocks for their fat than for whites to kill bullocks in order to feast on their tongues? What greater mendacity had blacks committed than was committed in a recent case of perjury before the c??uri N o doubt cannibalism was a detestable crime, but it was not shown that the blacks eat white men at the present tnime. Was it not a much ,greater evil to roast a white woman in a bake house to hide the evideuces of the cri:a.e, than to roast a person for the purposeof eating him? (laughter) and yet Greeonare did so. It wae sead. the blacks abruptly left employment but in the case of the whiteg what was the object of the Masterso'and Serant' Act Lif not to deal with a similar offence? As to the blacks being fend of hunting, had they not the example of the British aristoe racy Thbs maembers of both houses in the bunting season left, however importeant, the bustiness pending, and went shooting; andtheyhad also the example of rotalty in Prince Albert who went to the Highlands deerstatki?g0 and as to tie combata of the blacks, had they not a paralel in England in the tournament of the middle ages and the revival of tournaments by the Earl of Eglitoon. The native police force might be one way of seeuring tranquillity, bqt be absked if it was the right way P. Be sides, tranquillity was not the only question to be con sidered in a protective force, they must also consider aem ticea In allusion to the Possifmr adeir he contended that Lieatnant Wheeler had fired on a number of blacks simply on the statement of a black named Murphy, that certain depradators werpe amongst them. Lieutenant Wheeler's statement was that they threw nlsah nullahea at him and their spears, bat the blacks sated that they were fed upon witheout warning;t and he considered that as the testimony of the blacks was found o be correct in several partionlars, their version of the attack we orrect Two blacks were cailed, who he asserted, could not have been of the tribe that had committed the alleged depredations. dAgain the black who gave Lieutenant Wheeler the information was an abandoned choaracterandhisobjcet was tocarry ofagio. He did not hesitate to tell the select comesmittee that Let. Wheeler had been guilty of murder or maon- saughter, and that the law w?oldnot be satisfied till he was pt on his trial. He then proceeded to argue that M r. iardie, one of the squatters upon whomse n the deprediations had been committed, had committed peajury in the affair according to the evidence of constables Ccarson and Broderitc; also that H. Hartdie was nccessory after the fact to the mulrder and that he did oall he could to prevent an investigation. It appeared to him the exonerating Liest Bligh in the Mnrpyboro?eh affair as directly opposed to the evidense of Mr. Sheridan, the only witness who could gieceridenceon thematter. He thought the aborigines were capable of improvement, although he believed that all efforts to teach them the gospelshould be of a private character. At the same timen he considered it the duty of the government to oendeavor, so far as practicable, to find the men employment on cotton farimsn or otherwise. He then mentioned particulars of two cases of ill-treament of blacks of which he had given evidence, and added, he had no falser philanthropy for the blacks;o indeed he had pursued an escaped black, and caused him to be secured. Havingclaimed the credit of setting a good example to the blacks, owing to his teetotal principles, he said the treament of tihe blacks was a very importaist qunesatioa, inasmuch as they were British subjecte: and if a de-patch onthe subject -had not come out from the Secretary for the Colonies, he expected one would shortly. In aosrer to a remark of a previos speaoker, said the greatest enemies he had to his caftle on ashite men pheay did not saruple to slaughter his rattls for tie own s .se. Re moved that the report be read that day ixl month;, not becansebe thout thepooght not to be a protectiveforde, bu moeisthansr0iee beyon Ih etter gnarantee for the protection sdof ia lives of the abrorigiae. Taohe SPAi ER pat the aine.th but, a.sts was no sender, acid it fell to the ground. r;. FtITSIaMMONS had hoped that the i on. gen tleman who had just epoken would hare made soms recommendation either for the better management of the native police, orfor doing way with them. If he. had considered thao Mr. Hardie or Lieutenant Wheeler had been guilty of or implicated in a murder, why did not the han, gentleman Issne his warrant for their apple hensions? He (Mr. PF.) onsiderad that the hen. gen tleman's evidence was strongly in favour of the native polie. He had stated that several cases hadeome before him of murderi, rapes, and other otrages by blacks, and yet he oafed sno rerommendation as to how they were to be dealt with. He also distinctly stated that he had never been more than 60 miles beyond Ipswich. Truly like Sam Weller" his wisdom was limited." In the case of a black who had been ill-treated, he said he had gone 15 miles to enquire and had ascertained that he had been driven off his fishing ground, the Molly Molly; but it appeared that he had got his information froma demented shepherd. On ouch strong testimony, he came forward and asked them to do away with the natire police. Of eonurse they all objected toan indis criminate alanghter by the native police. He also thought they must agree with therecemmendationof Mr. Lowe and Captain O'Connell that the native police should never be stationed permanently in the neighbour hood of large towns Mr. MACALISTEIR moved the adjournment of the debate till next day. 