WHAT IS TBUTH f MR* FAWNS 1 LBCTUBE, To the Editor of the Launcnton Examiner Hobart Town, 26th September, 1861. SIB,—It is with much painful reluctance I have to request of you to give admission to this letter. Having lately printed in the Examiner a lecture on Rome delivered by Mr Fawns, junr, containing, as I believe, many erroneous statements, statements not only calculated to lead persons astray regarding important matters, but alsi to create n spiiit of religions discord, heart: burnings and animosities; I trust you will in justice give mean opportunity to lay such facts before your readers as will I hope prove that Mr Fawns haa not giveu correct acoounts in this lecture. B«fote proceeding to do so I beg you will be so good as to reprint your introduction to the leoture as found in your paper 12th September:— MR, FAWNS' LECTORS ON ROME.—|Mr Fawns friends feel indignant at the insult that has been offered to him, and ask in justice to him that his lecture so far as possible, may be published from the notes he has left behind. As a native of the colony and a descendant of the followers of John Knox, he does not understand why he should be denied the liberty of speech here be enjoyed in Great Britain; and although compelled to depart for Europe and therefore unable to defend himself, be left this message—that he was no professional lecturer and had only delivered five or six in his life; that it was by special request he consented to address audiences in this island; that be had no intention to offend any one; that he never heard of gasworks or saw gaslights in Rome, and that hit descriptions were confined to what he saw and experienced and not to what be knew nothing about; in short, that he communicated nothing new, but what had existed for centuries and was already well known. Here we have your authority that Mr Fawns has stated nothing but " what he saw and experienced." That circumstance will, I hope, be duly noted by thole who may read this letter. With regard to your assertion that this entleman " had no intention to offend any ne," I may be permitted to remark that the tone and tenor of the leoture convince e Mr Fawns did not trouble himself regarding the feelings of his Catholic fellow townsmen, and that faot I think I shall be able to demonstrate to the satisfaction of all men of candid minds before I conclude this communication. I have no deBire to enter upon the variouB errorB in the lecture—such SB the want of water iu Kome, the closing of the Ghetto at ten at night, the ten thousand priests, only ten thousand! the law compelling all men to go to confession twioe each year, the worn out and nauseam calnmny that the Council of Trent had decreed that " the Pope and the Lord form the same tribunal, so that Bin exoepted the Pope can do all that God can do 1" 1 hese and many other matters I shall pass over, and only call special attention to the following statements made by Mr FawnB as positive existing faots. 1\. Mr Fawns asserts—"The streets at night are only lighted by a small oil lamp suspended between the houses on each side by a string, with very little oil and very little wick, you get no real benefit, only, in fact, become cognisant of the darkness." Subsequently he says he has " no recollection of gas." My last visit to Rome was in 1854, where I spent between four or five months Whenever in the streets in the evening there I found as brilliant gas lamps as I ever met with in England, France, or Australia—lamps, not suspended in the middle.of the streets, but on posts at the sides of the houses, and on posts as elegant BB those in L ndonor Hobart Town. How "Hr Fawns could mistake theBe brilliant gas lights for shabby oil ones, of course I cannot devise; but that he did so is actually proved, if we are to believe bis words: and this circumstance alone must convince any rational being that either this gentleman's vision was so imperfec as not to allow him to distinguish the difference bstweeo the twinkling of a miserable oil lamp and a brilliant gas light, or tbat he haB stated in his lecture what he knew was not correot. Iu either case the testimony of such a witness can be of little worth. And whilst spei&ing; on the subject of gas, I might ask, how could it occur that, when Mr Fawns was in that part of Kome where stood the palace of the Casars, he could avoid seeing a huge building, huge in length and breadth, with iu lofty ohimney, and shaped like no other bnilding in that city ; or if indeed be did see such erection, and know not to what use it was appropriated, he had not the cariosity to enquire P Had he done so, he would have been informed it was the plaoe where the gas was made to light the public streets and private bouses; and by that tneens, at ail events, he would have ascertained that gas was used even in Rome. He tells us in his lecture that Bove contains a population of 190,000; you may therefore easily imagine the gas works are not on a very limited scale. But still this building, we mus< suppose, escaped Mr Fawns' observation! Well, be it sol 2\. Mr Fawns states—"A Roman prison is an awful plaoe, where you are almost sure to be devoured with vermio, and only once a 'day, a handful of corn is given to be mixed with water as food." This Mr Fawna has seen, or ean pledge himself as to its truth. I, too, have visited Roman prisons, and perhaps as many times as that gentieman; and, not being entirely a novica on prison matters, was anxious to examine minute.y those in Rome. 8omeof them required onsiderable alterations in their arrangement, &o;, and Mr Maguire, in bis bioks n Rome, tells us, thatgreatimprovements were in progress. But, Mr, to the point in question. 1 can state, that I have been present when the rations were served out—have carefully sxamined and lasted thro and can affirm that it has never been my lot to see food so good, SDd so plentiful, in an? gaol in Borland (and I hare eeenminy), or ia France, New Sooth Wales, Victoria, or Tasmania. I mean the felons'.jails in Rome. A grosser calumny was never fab-icated than that about" the handful of corn once a day." I must presume Mr Faw s has allowed some impudent knave to impose upon him with the tile stnry. Charity for him, diotates this supposition. 3\. Mr Fawus ots- rves—" There is one more peculiar ceremony, &c.;" There is one more peculiar ceremony performed by one of the Cardinals during Holy Week. He curses all Jen's, Turks, and Heretics, which last include several thousands of Protest >nts, English, American, and German, spending the winter in Kome. These are cursed by " Bell, Book, and Candle." The little bell is rung, tbe curce is sung f-ora the book, and the ligoted tapers are thrown down amongst the people. When all the monks and priests are assembled in the Cathedial, tbe Cardinal pronouneei the following curse:—" By the authority of Ood tile Faihei Almighty, of the blessed Virgin Mary, of St Peter and St Paul, and of the Holjr Saints -first an excommunication, and then the Cardinal with a deep voice proceeds thu»,—We curse and ban (or out.aw), commit and de'iver to (he Devil of Hell him or her whatsoever he or she niay be excom municatcd and accursed, may they be and given bo Jy and soul to the Devil; cursed be they in cities, io towns, in fields, in ways, in paths, in houses, out of houses, and all olher places, standing, lying or rising, walking, running, waking, sleeping, eating, drinking, and whatsoever thing they do besides We eparate them f.oui the threshold and from all prayers of the Church, from the holy mass from all the sacraments, from holy bread and holy wa'er, from all the metits of God's priests and religious mr-n, from all pardons, privileges, grants, immunities which all the Holy Fathers and ihe Popisof Rome have granted, and we give them over utterly to the power of the fiend, and let us quench their •ouls if they be dead this night in tbe pains ol hell-fire as this candle is put oat (one is put out); aud et us prav to God that if thev bo alive :heir eyes may be put out as this caudle is put out (second candle put out); and let us pray to God, and to our Lady, and to St Peter and St Paul, and all the Holy fsaiuts, that all the senses of their body may fail them, and that |tbey may have no feeling as now this candle is gone (thrown down), exeept they come openly and now confess their blasphemy, and by repentance as in ihem shall lie, make confession and satisfaction to God, our Lady, St Peter, and tbe worshipful company of this our Cathedral Church." As this " peculiar ceremony" takeB place publicly in the Cathedral, that is, ia St Peter's, Mr Fawns, no doubt, was present, as we are told " that he pledges himself on his honor, that be states nothing but what he saw." Now, Sir, it has been my good fortune to be in Rome three different times during Holy Week, and each time I have had the happiness to attend the sublime seivices of the Church in that Cathedral. Not, however, until I read the curse in your newspaper, did I ever hear one word about this cursing service. I have certainly a tolerable ac quaintance with the Roman Liturgy having had it pretty constantly in my hands for nearly half a century; and, would you believe me, I have never met with this " peculiar servioe" in any of its parts. Of course if this awful ceremony and fearful curse really took place, either in Home or in any portion of the Latin Chuich, it must be fi ut-d ;n some part of the Liturgy. The Liturgy of the Chu-ch does not change with " every wind ot doctrine." But, etill it is quite tr ue that I have been present when a Cardinal officiated in bt Peter's Cathedral. in Holy week, whenpriesis and monks were there, and when he has men tioned schismatic! and heretics (I presume that Mr Fawns will allow there is such a eiu as heretics, at least St Paul di:), but I heard no curse utterrd. The following prayer was poured forth, but forsooth, it savours Very little of a curse, as you will perceive:— " O Almighty and Eternal God, who savest all, and wouldst have none to perish; look down on those eouls that are seduoed by the deodts of the devil; that the hearts of all those that err, laying aside all heretical malice, may repent and return to the unity of tha truth. Thr ugh Jesus Christ our Lord, who livest one God world without end. Amen." There are also other services io St Peters, in Holy Week, when with a Car dinal, or Cardioa's, Priests and Monks attend, and when tapers are lighted, and from time , to time, extinguish ; and I am strongly incliuid to suppose tho won« derful story Mr Fawns related to the good people of Launceston about the cursing and lighted tapers, bad ite origin in this function. Let us examiue a little. Wednesday, Thursday, am. F.iday evenings, in Holy Week, the divi -e office lor the clergy is termed Teueb as," because it takes plaoe towards dark hour, and many, even st angers, wish to attend. The first 'part of this divine ser/ice consists of nine of the Psalms of David, referring, chufly, to our blessed Lord and hie suffofin/js, and at the end f each Psalm, a taper ii extinguished, to remind ue of the approaching death ol the World's Redeemer—that is, of what took place. Then pjrtions from the La. mentations of the Prophet Jeremiah are sung in plaintive tones. This stction of the office is followed by other Psalms, tbe tap=re being extinguished until the canticlot Zachariah is chanted (St Luke 1.) aid then when all the lights are put out, the Miserere Psalm is Bung or recited (which I hope Mr £awnB heard in the Sixtim- Chapil), concluding with this sublime and soul stirring prayer :— " * Christ became obedient for us uuto death, even the death of the cross.' " Look down, O Lord, we beseech Thee, on this Thy family, for which our Lord Jesus Christ, did not hesitate to be delivered into the bands of wicked men, and to suffttr the torment of the cross j who lives aud reigns with the Father and the Holy Ghost, for ever and ever. Amen." And thus you have the plain and simple statement of whai actually takes place in St Peter's, and, in fact, in every portion of the Latin Church, at that saored time. And, Sir, !B it not lamentable that a gentleman in Mr Fawns' position can stand fortb before a company of his fellow townsmen, and tell tbem that he has been present and heard in Rome the vile curse uttered which you have published to the world! Can the report of tb.it portion of his lecture be true f If so, I would again fain believe tbat he haa allowed himself to become the dupe of some impudent knave, or that he has copied this wicked story from some of thoBe vila publications made to catch the unwary, and to pander to the ignorance or morbid appetite of the weak minded, the bigoted, or the modern Pharisee. Having made this statement in the humble hope that charity, which has been wantonly wounded by Mr Fawns, may, in some measure be healed, and that the foot- ! prints of religious strife he has left behind him on soil hitherto peculiarly free from animosity and bitter wr&nglitgs;, may be speedily eradicated, I beg leave to add that I shall not enter into controversy with any one, nor shall I no any anonymous communications that nny appear in the publio prints, uor even such as have reepeo able namss attached, unless reference is male solely to tbe tlirea topics 1 have commented upon, viz —Gas, prison fare, and the alleged frightful curse. I have contradicted these three assertions made by Mr Fawns ahd have Kid before you and the public tbe grounds for so doing. Duty to my fiock, whose feel ings have been wounded, and to the public at large seemed to demand this measure of m^, and I hope I have clearly demom trated that Mr Fawns is not a witness worthy of credit; that prejudice, blind zeal, and fanaticism have caused him not to see things iu Home that really exist; to see things thatdid notexist, and Uhsar things that were never uttered. Zeal, when based on truth, justice, and charity, is no doubt most commendable; but vt hen these sacred virtues are disregarded it becomeB pernicious aud baneful. The warning so emphatically given UB by the wisest of men should check us in our zeal when justice, truth, aud the happiness of others are at stake—" These six things doth the Lord hate: yea, seven ere an abomination unto him. A false witness that speakeih lies and he that soweth discord among brethren,"— I am, Sir. Tour ob dient servant, Catholio Bishop of Hobarton. Proverbs vi, 16,18. t R W. WILLBON, 