LATINCESTON EXAM IN ER. lThursday, April 11, 1861. EXPEDIENCY. . \Va thought this ghost of all that is vile, wicked, iniquitous, and impolitic had been laid long ago. But we gather from what is transpiring around us that it is the demon at whose shrine some politicians still worship, and are so infatuated as to believe themselves, and try to convince e others, that this will o' the wisp is a steady light, shining from a fixed point to r guide the pilot through an intricate channel hemmed in by rocks and quick sands. Those who have read history f aright know that Jack-a-lantern never did anything yet except lure strangers to destruction. Since that worthy man in the world's esteem Caiaphas said " It is ' expedient' for us that one man should die for the people"-and consigned the I only Innocent One that ever appeared in our earth since the fall of Adam to con tumely, ignominy, and death-to the present hour, expediency has been the same. There has been no amount of injustice, no extent of spoliation, no violence of persecution, no extreme of bloodshed, no crime of which one set of men are capable of inflicting upon c another, which expediency has not sanc tioned and attempted to justify. It leaves men in power to substitute their own ignorance, prejudice, passion, per- n sonal interests and caprice for those eternal laws of rectitude which the Creator has written in luminous lines, and vindicated, sooner or later, by an unerring and retributive providence. What tolerates slavery in the United States of America, and is now wrenching them asunder? Expediency. What has protected one crown, in Europe, under a the union of nationalities which have no homogenity? Expediency. What was s it that smiled at the partition of Poland, h and passed scornfully by during the e operation? Expediency. What justified n Napoleon seizing Savoy? Just that ii which would justify him in pushing his d frontier to the Rhine and deleting v Belgium and maiming Germany-ex penal laws which crush the spirit of a people under the sway of a despot? In f' the name of expediency the early Christians were persecuted to the death, in every imaginable and aggravated form c of cruelty. In the name of expediency " the Waldenses were hunted for their is lives, and our own Covenanters slain on t' their native heather hills. It was expe- o diency that lighted up those fires in G England which alternately consumed Protestant and Catholic. But it is a needless to dwell on the doings of this shocking thing expediency, which is the fl negative of all principle. Let us listen to e what competent judges have tosayaboutit. h Bentham says, in his quaint, droll, and contemptuous way: "Expedient is a term C used as justification of measures when no 01 reason can be found for them." Again- , "A reason is wanted, and such a one as shall amount to a justification. Ready at hand is a complete one, and not less a concise than complete; one single word -expediency. The House has standing e orders-Parliament has standing reasons: i at any rate it has one, and this is the ti standing representation of all others. For this second £200 it is all- sufficient. Whether it might have served equally for the first, time for search is wanting. But c I would venture a small wager that on that occasion it did so serve: it will serve equally well for any numberi of others. It is made of stretching leather. It r works well and wears well: it will be as i i good a thousand years hence as it is at present. That which is expedient is ex pedient. What can be more expedient than expediency?" Now what has Robert Hall to say on the subject: the extract is long, and it may be by some considered discursive; and yet it has a significance as a whole which we are anxious to place unimpaired before our readers : Our ancestors, he says, considered virtue as something ultimate, as bounding the mental pros pect. They never supposed for a moment there w anything to which it stood merely In the relation of a means, or, that within the narrow I Sconfines of this momentary state any thing great Senough could be found to be its and or object. It never oceurred to their imagination that that relll(en which professes to render as superior to the world, is in reality nothllg more thin an In strumoent to procuro tile temporal, the physical good of individuals, or of society. In their view it had a nobler destination; it looked forward to eternity: and if over they appear to Ilav as signed it any end or object beyond itself, it was a union with its Author, in the perpetttal froitiont of God. They nrranged these things in the follow ilg order:--leligion, comprebendine the love, fear, and aervice of tile Author of our being, they placed firat; social morality, founded on its dic tates, confirmed by its sanuctions, next; and the mere physical good of society tiley contemplated as subordinate to both. Everything is now re versed. The pyramid is inverted: the first is last, and the last first. Religion is degraded fromn its pre-eminence, into tile merchandmaid of social morality ; social morality into an instrunlent of advancing the welfare of society ; and the world is all in all. Nor have we deviated less from the example of antiquity than fromn that of our pious forefathers. 'IThe philosophers of antiquity, int tie absence of superior light, consulted with reverence tihe permanent principles of nature, thei dictates of conscience, and the best feelings of the heart, which tley employed all the powers of 1 reason and eloquence to unfold, to adorn, to ell force; antd thereby formed a lumninous commen tary on the law written on the heart. 'IThe vir tto which they inculcated grew out of tthe stock of human nature: it was at warns and living vir tue. It was the moral man, possessing in every limb and feature, in all its figure and mlovements, the harmony, dignity, and variety which belong to tihe human form: anl elffort ol unassisted nature to restore that image of God which sin Iad muti lated and defaced. Imperlect, as might be ex pected, their imorality was often erroneous; but in its great outlines it had all the stability of the human constitution, and its fundamental prin eiples were coeval and coexistent with human nature. There could be nothing fluctuating and arbitrary in its more weighty decisions, sintce it appealed every moment to the mat within the breast: it pretended to nothing more than to give voice atd articulation to the inward sentiments of the heart, and conscience ecihoed to its oracles. This, wrought into different systems, and under various modes of illustration, was the general itode wlhich morality exhibited fiom the creation of the world till our time. In this state revela tion found it; and, correcting what was erroneous, supplying what was defective, and confirming what was right by its peculiar sanctions, super added a number of supernatural truths and holy mysteries. How is it, that o ait subject on which mon have thought deeply from thle moment they began to think, ands n where, consequently, what ever is entirely and fundamentally new, must be fundamentally false; how is it, that in contempt I of the experience of past ages, and of tll prece dents Ihuman and divine, we have vestured into a perilous path which no eye has explored, no foot has trod, and have undertaken, after tile lapse of six thousand years, to manufacture a morality of our own, to decide by a cold calculation ofitnterest, by a ledger-book of profit and of loss, the prefer ence of truth to falsehood, of piety to blasphemy, and of humanity and justice to treachery and blood ?c In the science of morals we are taught by this system to consider ntothing as yet dones; we are invited to erect a fresh fabric on a fresh founda tlon. All the elements and sentiments which entered into the essence of virtue before, are melted down and cast into a new mould. Instead of appealing to any internal principle, everything is left to calculation, antI determined by expe diency. In executing this plan, the jurisdiction of conscience is abolished, her decisions are classed with those of a superannuated judge, and the de termination of moral causes is adjourned from thte diuatc. Everytlhing, without exception, is made an affair of calculation, under which are compre hended, not merely the duties we owe to ourt follow-creatures, but even the love and adoration which the Supremao eing claims at our hands. His claims are set aside, or suffered to lie in abeyance, until it can be determined hotw for thel can be admitted on the principles of expediency, and in what respect theyt mry interfere with the acqui sitio of tlemporal advantaglr es. Even here, nothing is yielded to the suggestions of conscience, nothing to tioe movements of tire heart: all is dealt out with a sparing hand, under the stint and measure of calculation. Instead of being allowed to "love God with all our heart, and all our strength, the first and great commandment," tile portion of love assigned him is weiglhed out with the utmost scrupulosity, and tile supposed excess moore se verely censured than the real deficiency. Thus, by a strange inversion, tile indirect in fluence of Christianity, in promloting the temporal good of mankind, is mistaken for its principal end ; the skirts of her robe are confounded with her body, and the powers of the world to come, in stead of raising our tlhoughts and contemplations from earth to heaven, from thle creature to tile Creator, are made subservient to tile advancement of secular interests and passions. ltow far these sentiments accord with the dictates of inspiration, the most unlettered Christian ttmay easily decide. It is easy to see how this moral discipline must fare under the doctrine of expediency, a doctrine which teaches man to be contittually looking abroad: a doctrine which not only justifies, but enjoins, a distrust of the suggestions of tile inward monitor; which will not promit tihe best feelings of thia heart, its clearest dictates, its finest eano tious, to have the smallest influence over the conduct; and, instead of yielding anything to their direction, cites them at its bar. As this fashion of reducing every moral question to a calculation of expedietnce is a most important innovation, it would be strange if it had not pro duced a change in thie manners of society. In fact It t has produced ant entirely now cast of character, equally remote fro tihe licentious gaiety of high life, and the low prolliRacy whicll falls under the lash of the law : a race of men distinguished by a calm and terrible ferocity, re sombling Caesar in this only, that, as it was said of him, they have come weith sobriety to the ruin of their countrty. The greatest critnes no longer issue fromn the strongest passions, but from the coolest Iead. Vice and impiety have made a new conquest, and have added tile regions of speculation to their dominion. The patrons of impurity and licentiousness have put on tihe cloak of the philosopher: maxims the most licentious have found their way into books of pretended morality, and have been inculcated with the airs of a moral sage. The new doctrine having with drawn the attention from all internal sentiments, as well as destroyed ltheir authority, tile distiuoc tion between right and wrong was easily lost sight of, the boundaries of vice and virtue confounded, and the whole substance of morals fell a prey to contending disputants. Nor is this the only or the worst consequence which has followed. A callous indifference to all moral distinctions is ann almost inseparable effect ot tile famtiliar applica tion of this theory. Virtue is no longer contem plated as tho object ot ay particular snatinenit or feeling, but solely sitlt regard to its effects oni socioty ,t is what It produces, not whiat it Is, that is alone considerod, just as Ott acouattntt is indifferent to the shape and appearance of the ignres, and attends simply to their amount. Crimes and virtues are equally candidates for ap probation, nor must the heart betray the least preference, which would be to prejudge ilha cause ; but oaust malntain a secret neutrality, till Expe dience, whose hand never trembles in 1I e midst of the greatest horrors, has weighed in her intpnr tin Ihalance their conseqlences and offects. In the noantiime, they are equally candlidates, w oas sert it again, for our approbation, iandl equally entitlld to It, provided the passions can ie de ceived i . n opintion, and this is not diflicult, that the it come to tine oe thing at the foot of the u int. Hience that intrepidity in guilt, which lha, cied tihe hearts of Ihe greatest adepts in this system, as with triple brass. Its seeds were sown by solme of these with an unsparitng Iland in France, a congenial soil, where they pro diuced a thick vegetation. The consequences were soon felt. The fabric of society tottered to its base, the earth shook under their feet; the hea vens were involved in darkness, and a voice more audible than thunder called upllon tihemo to desist. But, tiutinoved amidst the uplroar of elements, un dismayed by thllat voice which astonishos natureo and appals the guilty, Ilese men continued ab sorbed in their caelculationls. Instead of revering the judgmients, or conltessitig the finger of God, they only made more haste (still on the prineilple of expediency) to desolate his works, anti destroy his image, as if they were apllrehensive the shades of a premature night might fall and cover their victims I We have only one word to add to this, and that shall be taken from it very old book: "He hatlh showed thee, 0 man, what to do; and what doth the Lord require of thee butto no JUSTLY, to love mercy, and to walk humbly with thy God ?" 