.; THE " IN i ERPBiETEB,'; ,,vi ,<»#! ' ' A TALTC OE1 THE 0B1MBAN WAB,{ : . j ' ?'? . ' . . 'BT OJ J. WnlTE iJJKIiVILIiB.il . .?(? ll ! ,'.- '.';!']'; Tv/;!PHAPTER'1V.'.' V ; r, ' j: ' FATHER AND BON. ^ ' ' '- I Tus Count's old steward hos seen all go to rear, in tue oa<tle. the lords have left the 'banquoting-rootn, and the servant*, who have been making morry in' the hall, ure long ere this sound asleep. It is thu steward's custom to'soo all .safe before ho lights his ¡amp and retires to rest ; b'ñt'to .night he shades it carefully with a wrinkled ' handthat trembles strangely, and his white face peers » into tho dark- ness,'' as thougli he were about soma aced.of shame. Ho steals into the Ghost's Gallery, mid creeps silently to the further end. , Thore isa dark'object muffled in ii oloak lu the gloomiest corner, and the light from thu'steward's lamp' reveals a fine youngman, sleeping with (hat thorough aban- donment which is only observablo ia, those, wliot ara com- pletely on tweori ed and, overdone. It is sumo uiiwutos ero . '.My boy 1' says he ¡ 'my boy, it' is time for ns tb part. Hard, bard is it to be robbed of my sen-robbed :-und I the old man oheoks himtelf BS. though the word recalled some painful associations. . . ;.,, i ?/' Aye, father,' was the reply, ' you know our old Croatian proverb, " He who steals is but a borrower." ' Novortheloss, ' i I do not wish the Austrians to " borrow"- . me, ia case I . ! should never be returned; and it is nnmannerly .for the lieutenant tn'occupy the sama quarters aa ,tho.general. | I must be off befoie'dawn ; but surely it cannot bo midnight yet* . ". . ? ....... ^ , 'In loss,than ap hour the day will break," mv son.' I havo concealed yon here becanso not a servant of'the house- hold dare net foot in tho Ghost's Gallery till daylight, sind' you are tsufe ; but twenty-four more hours must see you) on the Danube, ; and ,you most come here ho more.0 Oh,' my ..boy 1 my,boy I-löst to save me 1-dishonoured that I might burst Tuto à passion ot weeping thut seemed to convulsohia, very frame with agony. : , . \ The son had more energy and self-command ;' his volco, did not .oven shake as ho soothed and quieted tho' old inan with aprbtooting fondness like that of. a parent for a child. ?' ' My' father,' said he, " there ls no dishonuur whore there.is no guilt. 'My first duty is to you, and nero it tc do again I would do lt. What I it was but a momentary qualm, and a snatch at the box ; and neu. you aro safe. " Euther,' 1 Bhall come hack some day, nnd offer yon a borne. Fear, not for me. I have it here in my breast, tho stulf.of whioh men make'fortttnes. 'I can rely upon myself. I can oboy.ordors ; and, father, when others are bewildered and confused, l oin command, 1 feel it; I know it.''Lot nié but get'clear of the " Eagle's*' talons, and fear not for me, . door father ; 1 shall see you'again, and wo will bo prosperous and happy. yot.'' 'Uut, how to got »wayT--have you thought of ft plan } 'Can Iigot a good horse . here ?. Does the Count know I om in,trouble,. and will he help met Toll me all, fathe'r,'aiid i .shall soe my own way,'I will answer for it.' ? j ''My' gallant'boy I' 'said tho stdward, despite of himself moVexl to admiration by'the self-reliant bearing of lils son ; : 'there is bat one chancel for tho Count could not but hand yon over to Wallotistein if ho knew you wore in tho castle,' und, then it would bé, a pleasant lest, and the nearest tree. Tho General is » Jovial comrade, and a good*humoured acquaintance ; 'but, as a mattor of duty, ho would 1 aug his own »on and go to Einnor afterwards with an appetite nono tho.worse.INO, no. « Trost to an Anstrinn's morey and confess yourself !" I have a better plan than that Tho 55ingynie's oro in the village j they told their merrymaking here yesterday. I ' saw their queen lost night , aftw you arrived. I have arranged it all with hor. A gipsy's dro<s, a dyed skin,, and. tho middle of thu troop; notan Austrian ', soldier in.Hungary that will detect you thou. Banishment is bottor" than death. Ob, my boy I 'my boy I' andi onco more the old man gavo way and wept. , ' '' ' Forward, then; father I' said tho younger man.,,whom I ' now recognised as my travelling acquaintance ; ' thora is no time to lose now. How can we got ont of the custlo without alarming tho household T I leave all to you now i it will be my turn some day.' And es he'spoko ho rose from the atona oh whioh he had been lying when his rooumbent form hod so alarmed Victor and myself, and accompanied hia father down a winding staircase that seemed let into tho rosssivo wall , of tho old building. ' My curiosity- was fearfully excited. '. I'would have'given all ' ray playthings to follow j-thom."' I crept stealthily on,'naked foot and all ¡ but I was not cloie enough behind, and. the door shut quietly with a spring Just as ray hand was upon it, leaving me alone in'the Ghost's Gallery. I waa not the least frightened nom. I forgot all about ghosts and Breviaries, and stole book to niy nursery arid'my bed, mviittlo hood completely filled with a medley of «towards and soldiers and gipsies, and Austrian generals and military exeoutlous,, and phantom dogs and secret staircases, and all tho moat unlikely 'inoldouts that 