HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Tuesday, NovrsnsEB 26. The SpeaeKK took his scat at 20 minutes to 2 o'clock. PETITION. I " Mr. TOWNSEND presented a petition from Mr. S. Stocks, praying the House to take into conside ration the mineral leases, and adopt such measures as were necessary. Received and read. THE RAILWAY GOODS CONTRACT. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS iaid upon the table Mr. Hill's proposed sureties. He stated that he had directed his Secretary to accept them. M r. A. BLYTH proposed that the paper be read. The document stated that Messrs. J. Harrington, of North Adelaide, and J. Pickering, of Hind marsh, had been proposed as sureties. The paper was ordered to be printed. THE PETRIFIED ABORIGINE. Mr. MAGABEY asked the Commissioner of Crown Lands whether he would take steps to pre serve and prevent toe removal from toe colony of the petrified abofiginal native found in the cave on Mosquito Plains. (A laugh.) The COMMISSIONER oi GROWN LANDS was understood to say that lie would take measures with a view of preventing scientific depredations of the kind in question. He-should take -means to prevent the removal from the colony of the IK'trified native or any other natural curiosity that might be found on the Crown lauds. THE ACCIDENT TO THE WONG A WONGA. Mr. TOWNSENDuaderetoodtheWongaWonga had broken down, and he wished to know what steps the Government intended taking to secure the delivery of their letters. The TREASURER replied that when tiie Go vernment heard of it the Postmaster-General went down immediately to the Port. He found that the Wonga Wonga had lost her screw, which would take some tunc to repair. They had, therefore, communicated with Warruaiubool {com munication direct to Melbourne having been inter rupted), and directed a message to l>e dispatched as quickly as possible to the next station to ascertain whether the ocean steamer could call at Kangaroo Island to take their mail this time. Up to yester day the Benares had r.ot arrived at Hobson s Bay, so it might be presumed she would not leave before the message reached Victoria. THE VOLUNTEER CLASSIFICATION. Mr. MILNE enquired whether the Treasurei could reply to the question he asked a few days ago as to whether medals would be given toyliis year's marksmen. The TREASURER said the matter was under consideration, and he would be probably able to give the hon. member an answer on thefoUowbig dav. VALEDICTORY ADDRESS TO THE GOVERNOR. The SPEAKER said he had waited upon His Excellency the Governor to know when lid would lie ready to receive the valedictory address passed by that House, and His Excellency had appointed 20 minutes i.» -> .I- r--;.!... 20 minutes to 2 o'clock on Friday next. THE NO-CONFIDENCE MOTION.—AD „ JOURNED DEBATE. nrr. uuxign, as mover of the adjournment, resumed the debate. He said, amongst the numerous returns prepared for tiie public, it would be very amusing if the future historian of South Australia were to prepare a return of all the Ministerial convulsions that had taken place here. (A laugh.) They had had he did not know how many convulsions that session. He could easily imagine the impatience of the Treasurer to launch the thunders of his eloquence against those who opposed him; and he should, therefore, for that and other reasons he very brief in his remarks. He had listened to nearly all the speeches that had been made, and, what was more, lie had read tliem as they appeared in print. From what he could gather there was a great deal to he said on both sides of the question. It appeared to him that the Treasurer in his own conscience must know that lie had brought all the troubles upon himself. It must be very damaging 10 him to have the eor recctness of his ofiioial statements brought into question. ("Name," from the Treasurer.) Why, at the outset of the speech of the hon. the mover, that hon. gentleman, in referring tp a statement of the Treasurer's, said it was not true, or words to that cli'ecr. It was said in such a way, too, that the Treasurer was bound to take notice of it. Then, again, the Treasurer's statement about immigration was flatly contradicted. He men tioned that because the Treasurer would have an opportunity of explaining all; ami if it were not settled the effect produced would be injurious. He did not think that the lion, member for tlumeracha had made out a strong ease in the first point of his indictment as to the Ministerial policy of the tlovernment. He thought it would he better if the salaries and presumed position of the respective Ministers were adhered to as pre scribed in the Constitution Act—(Hear)-hut lie did not think that could form a charge against the Government. The Hon. Mr. Watciliou.se had an undoubted influence over the other members of the Ministry, and he could not see that it was a Ministry without a head. It had, however, been so roundly stated that he hoped tlic hon. gentle man upon whom the weight of the censure fell would explain himseif. The hon. the mover had raked up the Boolhby question as another point of attack. All that the lion, gentleman said upon that subject he entirely agreed with, particularly as the lion, member had used some of the state ments contained in his (Mr. Button's) speech upon question. He felt complimented the matter in question, that the hou. member had made use of some of his remarks upon a matter the deplorable results of which they would soon see as clepr as daylight. While lie admitted that he felt indignant at three of tlic members of the Ministry far tlicir want of policy, yet the lion, tlie mover was the last person who should rake up the question. (Hear.) While he might have 110 coutidcuce in those members, did the hon. member suppose that be would have any confidence in him? Why lie was one of tlic arch-conspirators who concocted the movement against Mr. Justice Boo till iy. He had heard that he was in the Jiabit of meeting one | or two others in the lobby of the Mitcliam Church after service; that they used to hammer away at | His Honor — (laughter) — and that it was there fixed His Honor should be removed. To make that, therefore, one of liis points of attack was about the most astonishing tiling he had ever listened to. Upon the subject of immigration he was asked to vote for the motion on the ground that the speeches of the members of the Govern ment were antagonistic to their votes. He fully agreed that upon that subject the Treasurer did" not shine—(a laugh)—tliat there was a strange difference between his speech and vote; that it looked as if the Treasurer had not only tried to | feel the popular pulse, but the Houseof Assembly's I pulse. Willi, however, the Chief Secretary's satis factory statement upon that head, lie was not pre pared to say that he had no confidence in the Ministry. Latitude being allowed lion, members when speaking upon a motion of that kind," he might tie allowed to make a few remarks respect ing immigration. When the. votes were taken upon the question he was out of town: but if he had been in town he should have voted for it. He was 111 favour of a proper system of immigration— in fact, 110 one could be a greater advocate for it than lie was. But he was not prepared to say that lie would vote at the present moment for the re sumption of immigration on--a large scale. At the time of his election it was understood-and lie believed his colleague would confirm what he said —it was understood that the feeling of his con stituents was that during the term of their office the question of immigration was settled: that no money was to lie voted towards it. With that understanding he could not vote for money being applied to immigration purposes without- first consulting his constituents, and ottering them the opportunity of relieving him from the trust im posed upon him. As that was one of the strong points brought against the Ministry, lie said there again lie was not prepared to vote for the no-con fidence motion. He was sorry that the question of the salaries had been revived. If that were a ground for making tli.it motion itshould have been moved the very next day. (Hear.) They should give fair play to every one—even to members of that House. There was one point still remaining —tile goods question. He would, however, remark first of all that he was surprised the hou. mover had not mentioned the Woods case amongst the many subjects he had raked up. He felt strongly upon that question, because he'believed there had not been a greater case of oppression brought before their notice. Willi regard to the goods question, he felt there was a want of bona fides throughout the conduct of the Government. They had all read the correspondence and the arguments on each side. His own opinion, however,. after carefully considering the subject, was that Mr. Fuller had not been well treated. (Hear.) He did not see why the same facilities should not be given to Mr. Fuller as to Mr. Hill for tendering. Then there was the hesitation of the Government in giving up the information; the request of the Manager of Railways to he allowed to tender, and after he had been refused to tender his mixing up with the tenders, and creating a strife Itetween the partners. Then it was stated by the Government that there were three tenders, in all of which Mr. Fuller was interested. He might he allowed to read a letter bearing upon that point. It was as follows:— "TO THE EDITOR OF THE REGISTER. "Sir—We tendered for this contract on the 2fith October. The date when these tenders should be in was Monday, the 2Sth Octolier, 12 o'clock. " We sent our clerk to the office of the Commis sioner of Public Works about 1 o'clock, 2^tli October, to enquire if we had obtained the tender, re reply was No.' On a question being pat by Thei . . . ... . our clerk to Mr. Hutton, as to who was the success ful tenderer, Mr. Hutton said, he believed Messrs. —- (without finishing the sentence), butadding, it was sufficient for him to know that Martin, Gaeae cliens. & Co. had not got it. " Of course we had to be satisfied with this reply, and we considered the matter settled and at an end. "Judge of our surprise and indignation to find afterwards, when a question was putin the House ou the 5tli November as to who had got the tender, to hear that no tender had as yet been accepted; and later, to find that a party whose tender was not in within the prescribed time, had obtained the contract, and by private arrangement. "We cannot help expressing our astonishment at such proceedings. If the Government did not wisli to accept any of the three tenders, they should have stated this, and either advertised for fresh tenders, or at least intimated to all the'tliree ten derers that they (the Government) were open to receive fresh tenders, hut not intimate such to one or two parties only, or to a party who had no tender in previously " \i hat confidence can we have, or what induce ment for us to fro to the trouble of tendering, when we are treated in this manner? A fair chance should, at all events, have been given to us to lender again if the Government did require froth tenders: hut we were quite tuiconsciofis of this, considering the whole matter settled from the reply we received from the ofiice of the Com missioner of Public Works. " As to the insinuation of the Hon. the Attorney General ami the Hon. the Commissioner of Public Works of Messrs. Fuller A Co. being interested in all three tenders, we can only say that so far as our tender is concerned we hare not given these gentlemen, nor Messrs. Fuller & Co., or any other part}', any authority to make such an assertion; neither have we communicated our intentions to any one. There is at present only one partner of our firm in this hemisphere who knows about this contract, and he is highly astonished and indig nant at those gentlemen making any such asser tion, which is, to say the least, quite unwar ranted. " Mahtin, Gaeoechexs, A Co." 1 There they had a Ministerial statement flatly con tradicted. (No, no, and laughter.) If that were not a contradiction, he did not know what was. He concurred with the principles laid down in that letter. He trusted the Treasurer would he able to explain how Martin, Gaedechcns, & Co. had been lost sight of, as if they had never existed; and how it was that two of the Ministers had made statements which had been distinctly denied. He would ask, what had the Office of the Comtnis einnnw nf Diiltlin HTrt»L'C luiOn ft frtP tllfv Jncf mouths ? They knew that the contract expired on the 28th of December, and tbey knew perfectly well what was likelv to take place. Notwithstand ing that it seemed that it was only within .the last, fortnight they entered into calculations to see what it would cost the Government to undertake the contract themselves. It showed gross negligence to allow the matter to stand over so long. Alto gether that was the strongest point the mover had made; it was anything but satisfactory. Having said more than he wished upon, the points taken by the Opposition to oust the Govern ment, he must now look at the other side of the question. He must look at the action of the Opposition and its probable results. If the motion were carried the result would lie that the hon. the mover would change sides with the Treasurer He had not been.honoured with the hon. the mover's confidence, so that he did not know the course ho intended to pursue He thought that 1 lie hon. member should enlighten them as to what bis plans and policv would be. All he could say was that no one should throw away an old palrpfboots until he was sure he had a pair of new ones to put on. He should like to knowtbe policy the hon. the mover and his adherents intended to . pursue i he did hot wish to follow, their tail blindly. The hon. the mover was on the point, of joining the present Ministry, upon whom .he nowaskea Die: House to pass a vote of. want of confidence. He trusted the hon. member would explain that, as it would affect members" minds as to ho w tbey should rote. It was also a stiange matter that no one knew who the new Ministry were to be. There were plenty of aspirants for office—(a laugh)—but no one knew who were the chosenfew, They were in a happy state of perplexity. He must, however, i be first shown that those whom they wished to I torn out were worse than those they wished to put j ire If a new Ministry were chosen they most go , in on the immigration question and that alone. I They would be obliged to borrow money, forthey j liad none to spare for tlie purpose; and they would i have to go to the country. He hoped, if the motion were carried upon that question, the Go vernment would not go out, but would recommend that an appeal to the country be made. Qlcar.) He could not really-vote for immigration until he had means of communicating with his consti-. tucnts. He hoped a dissolution would not take place. The Electoral Act would have to be sent home, and if they had . a dissolution they would lose the benefit of the Electoral Act. On that grouud lie should not like a dissolution. Although he was quite satisfied neither side would be pleased with his conduct, yet he was quite satis fied with the course he should pursue. He thought he had done good in moving the adjournment, for it had led members to think over the subject more calmly than they could on Friday last, when ail were in a state of excitement. As the Ministers were deserving of censure he did not vote for them; hut as he did not agree with all the grounds by which the motion was supported he should not give the Opposition the benefit of his vote. Mr .Outton concluded by imagining a reconciliation between the lion, member for Uumeracha and the Trea surer—their embracing each other, exclaiming, "Brother, brother, we have lieen lioth in the wrong. It is for the benefit of both—it is for the benefit of the world—that we should both agree" —(laughter)—and all going merry as a marriage bell. He would now give way to the Treasurer, who was doubt less anxious to speak. [ Mr. BAGOT regretted that the last speaker should have made the speech he did—a speech so characterized by vacillation he never heard of before. It appeared his colleague was angry be cause he was not asked what position he should like to hold in the contemplated new Ministry. I He thought tlie most manly course was to vote either on one side or the other. It would be much | better for him to vote as his speech would lead t?,exi>ect he would do—on the sideof the Ministry—-than not to vote at all If his hon doutK'w0^ f°r,thc Government hecoffid v?,„i,? e, a coach and'four to fetch him s^SSStSBSiSSS |liSHS£i»S Sr,!fX=is£"3»S'S: rx>®r»re opinion then that iiiiniioMtirtn r.i,rt,.i > » suspended; and forhow Cglie did^ot -now vli"" >vfrfi "°ii''?a^ *',eir resources had been de ^c ?l'c'hf t'uit their wheat harvest had increased, and th.it their pastoral interest had extended, his opinion would Le the same now. Bnt afhc found couu'lmt tTSa ,aL'dr that sufficient men S& hL;^°eU of'll not come forward with a settled policy upon the a, !~T ''c,!c0Ir?Ic,gra^011- H<?ElectedtheAVton^: General s speech upon immigration It led Idm ^„e^ctthat the JJovernmen^uId vote a* the resumption of immigration. He was therefore it surprised to find the Minist^votffig on tht. same side as he did iti favour of itiuniffration Tut nmrd,Sfnt °J 1 16 J,on- niemher foflturt (Mr. Peacock) undoubtedly pledged the House t?on- aiid" th!^ilr>0t'0n to resume immigra tion, and the tiovennent, in voting for it snoke one way and voted another. The nevt ImSt?™ was the Boothbyaflair. When l,e saw the Tr^" aar5 coming forward, holding up high ^££5 respecting high constitutional law; and when he using language which he thought must IVhfte^l'om rr°" ^ i,m a celebrated meeting at n,,Voi i ' and spoke against His Honor Judge Boothbj, lie could not help thinking that the hon. member considered place was of more value 2«™ p,,lnclp'c- ikose were tiro things about which there was such an amount of i^u'ithHnn that lie could not place sueh confidence in them as w'^ff Pa"tkerewas the salariesquS^ Sf.wH^i whether tkc Treasurer made a manlv replvto the charge made on that occasion. Ho he had employed-he could not sav that-wclC the lion member for West Torrens had rowed a th?n'°«-hM U0Unt ^ j,10^'n8thc Previous ques «»"cj1 was earned. The stigma, however, ...ill rested upon them, and the matter was as open as it was the day it was agitated. The Trea Ii'mw S t a,t 11 was an agreement of theMinis ters ilia, they should receive £Siiij each. When he found the Treasurer hail carried out that distinct and honourable arrangement for a twelvemonth and when he afterwards found, without am- inti tS™«ii ™i arrau?cment was broken \- t? fi - i it Ministers went out of power with their full lnonev-in their pockets, he could re *llat Ike Ministers had his confidence. It nas not a matter of pounds, shillings, and ctms"iered when the Treasurer iS f use a«iuamtcd with such an arrange nicnt, it was equally bis dutv to come forward and stote that they had determined upon making a change, and draw their full salaries. The Corn missioner of Public »V orks Jiad made 3 personal a Wnicr,0!/s as to llle ]>osition he occupied in a former Goiernment, and charged him with having lowered himself by accepting the office of Commisioner of Crown Lands. He admitted that he had lowered himself; hut lie considered theTrca .n0t aiCte he should in allowing his colleague to make suck a statement, knowing the to^?lteari\c,officirClT!Sta/1iCCS w?"ck induced him irirt - I T,ile Gomnnssioner of Public Works knew as well as the Treasurer that it was at the distinct request of the Treasurer that he tonic office. He had heeu asked day after Tre-mirw was onjv :ls a personal friend of the Treasurer s that he accepted the office which it had " a;i,d ^ I,ad degraded himself in accepting. , Hp niaut soiuc rcujiifk.s as to vJiv the {TOvpptmimH selected the Gmmrissioner of PriYlif WoriS. He supposed he was chosen as their whinner-in to iln rcmariMnT^s nf?rk~'le 'l'd "<>f m<Kln t,y make t,iat rentalk in its oflensive acceptation. The Hon the Commissioner had charged him with hein" a lawyer of practice without ability. He preferrelto both SehrtK?Utfi?i,iHty,th,a,) ^rfevffid of W«rTn S fnend the hon. memlierfor ^ ^ Jl?0 made some amusing re marks upon ium. He recollected when he wis much younger than he was now going heliiud the scenes of a theatre-of course lie would not do of H?. ,i"i'g n'\H Mugh)—and seeing the ghost of Hamlet make a very funnv joke, and drink 1 pint of porter. Much as he was horrified then lie was not more horrified than when he heard jokes and l>uus coming from tlie )Ion member for V, est Torrens. He placed the hon member on a par vritli the ghost of Hamlet! Imt l! . c »h i",3rei ,hose femarks oflcnsively, oU .1 5 « --v ''i1' not expect to hear wit ami pungency flowing from that gentleman. He was not very anxious to take the office of Attorned feraSan,' lt,nu?i,t 1,e fllied without, him He had no doubt the Attorney-General, or the Com Ltown Lainds, who seemed willing to accept office 111 any Government, could be previuied ttpon to take the office. He liad expected iris t . tonic\"i ,e(a.' W0lI'd l'avc siiown . that hi^h statesmanlike ability in dealing with the ■' "J'6'1,1 'i6 expected from an Attor !!m Vi instead of making a vigorous attack HiL i il0 hoM- thf n'over-, He asked whether anv member were right in making known private con versa ions. If the private statements of hon. WnUl were,.,to lie, krought forward in that House, hcuould ask how they were to havecon eacl',ltll?r- When the new h eut 111 it h as tune to state their policy: there was no necessity for stating it beforehand. He tlwulriit jlorc "mn 'le intended-to say, hut come forvard to state what his rh:I? cL ^kngs were. Hp regretred when the nif- tli^ ^ u, tI'e Boieniment lie did not nivf?o or, i !!'- "1?m'ter, for Gumeracha (Mr. a. Ely tli) and his friend the lion, memlier for Onka paringa (Mr. Milne) instead of the two tliat had .eencliosen. But when he found the AtU^ly defending theCom cJiiMm i ti , "1C M orks—when he saw the conduct of the Goveniment respecting the allcaa had lieen made, and the vacillating way toe business of the country had l>een carried on oftV'o M8115 ? tlD,'j Ila<! comc when the majority fidcnce11^ paSS aTOteof want of eon Mr. PARKIN saij originally it was not Jiis in tention to say an> tiling. He had hoped the debate would have ended 011 l''ridav. He thought, how ever, now that it was right lie should say a word or two. When he first had tiie honour of a seat in that House he endeavoured to seek that amount of wisdom which he expected. He had often,. however, listened to debates with feelings of sad ness. He had often heard conversations and re-, criminations used in place of good arguments and ' effective oratory. The question before the House was that the House had no confidence in the j present Ministry. That was a wide and sweeping 1 resolution. To say that he had no confidence I whatever in the Ministry was against his con- i science, and he could not therefore vote for the motion. To say that he had unlimited confidence in the Government would also be wrong. He had been much dissatisfied with the present Ministry's proceedings regarding many tilings. But the question arose, if tlicy turned thetlovcmment out who were they to put in their placet The hon. the mover would of course have the task of se lecting a Ministry; but of what materials? The most incongruous that could be imagined. The hon. member himself was an anti-lloothby gen tleman, while some who supported him were in favour of Judge Bootbby. Then with regard to their policy, what policy would the hon. member bring forward ? Judging from past experience, all his policy would be contrary to the wishes of the colony at large. The subject of immigration had lately been agitated. Some were in favour of im migration at any amount, and others were in invour 01 a juaicious caueauicure, jie aia not consider himself justified in voting for a large su:n of money for the purposes of immigration, because the present membersvrcre returned on the. condition that immigration- should not be re sumed at present. The only inference that could be drawn from the conduct of. the Opposition was that they were aspiring after the greed of office—it was a selfish piece of business from beginning to end. If-he bad the ability of a - Puneh lie Would caricature the present attempt 1 something in the following manner:—He would make a high enclosure, inside which he would put figures representing the salaries the several-Minis ters were entitled to. Endeavouring to scale the' wail was a hiigc burly person, standing upon the shoulders of three men, one bearing a slip on which the word ".Buna" was written: another a slip' bearing the name of **Port;" and the third.witha band around his hat upon which were the words " Lights and Shades." Upon the ground hg would place a dark thin man aiming about looking very attentively at the result; He could imagine another caricature—that huge figure coming down lumpus.' (Laughter.) ■ He thought the attempt to bust the Ministry was that the "Oppo-dtipmite should slip in and sit very comfortably for four or five months, receive the salaries, and 1 then be" ready for anything that might be turned up.- If the motion were carried he should feeldisposed to move a similar motiop against the inajming 'Qo vcranicnt. ~ Mr. BA-KEWELL said.as he intended lovbte on one ride or the ether, be should feel ft hisfiuty to Say a few words. Governments had riothfrig to jnve worthy'of his acceptance, _and he ishcwddimt^ therefore, lie accused of aspinrig alter office.', ^He voted for the Government.when hetobugliLihey ,1 were 'rieht, and opposed 'them aiienevtr lfe he lieVcd they were wrong. He -voted 'with "the mi nority *on the immigration question,' not "because, he did not want population, but because be did not' wish to see an indiscriminate flow of immigrants here. He thought it was a very unusual course of the Government to speak on one ride and vote on the other; but nothing very criminal had been done, because the' motion only compelled the con sideration of tlie subject. He was one of that" number who save counsel to the Chief Secretary. (A laugh.) He was one of those who advisedthat Uie present Commissioner of Crown Lands should be retained in preference to the hon. member for Gumctacha and Iris friend the hon. member far Onkaparinga {Mr. Milne). He had noticed that the hon. member for Gumeracha had not looked so pleasant since; but other circumstances.mijdit bare arisen to depress his spirits. He admitteduie. conduct of the Government respecting the mods ' question was rather unseemly. A member of the linn of Martin, Uaedecbeus, & Co. waited upon tiTm ngt-ing him to call at the office to see the' other partner. He did so. aud that gentleman . stated that, be felt dissatisfied with the conduct of the Government, and especially with'umtof the Commissioner of Public Works, who, he said, made a Verbal statement on the 23tb of October that a tender was accepted, and who,, on theSth of November. denied that any tender was accepted. The gentleman also stated that they had no con nection with Mr. Fuller, and that their firm had had many dealings with continental Governments . —many of them despotic—but had never been treated so badly as they were by the South Aus tralian Government (Laughter.) He bad no doubt the Treasurer could reply to what he had just mentioned. He gave the conversation as it was given to him. He did not think the "nQ" could be properly settled without the appointment of a Select Committee, or some other tribunal to investigate the charges which had been vwsd» . It was scarcely right to hurl any allegations against the Government unless those charges were clearly made. (Hear.) He thought it to be his duty, considering the whole merits of the case, to vote with the Government... He had paired off on Friday on account of illness. Mr. MILDftED was desirous of supporting, the Government to cany out a system introduced by the Treasurer. He should waive all minor points if satisfied on two or three leading questions which. he would state. He fully agreed with the state-' merit that had been made respecting discrepancies made by the Treasurer. He fully agreed with what bad been said about the vacillating conduct of the Government; at their voting one way and speaking another; at their want of honour respect ing the salaries question. The TREASURER rose to order. Such a re mark could not he allowed according to the Stand ing Orders. The SPEAKER said no one could impute motives. Mr. MTLDRE D —An honourable compact had been entered into, and if that compact had been broken, it was the duty of tbe Treasurer to reconcile the matter. In the early part of the session the general expectation was that the Government* having removed the ad valorem duties, would corns forward with a system of taxation framed upon a basis calculated to benefit all classes of the com munity. He had waited for that, and had been disappointed up to that time. That was one of the reasons why the motion was tabled. The motion, in fact, was laid morc'against the Treasurer for not having fulfilled his promise. If he had entered into a statement as to his views on the subject, lie might have had wne or two converts. - If the Treasurer's scheme of taxation was tangible and good, he would get supporters; but if it was worthless, it would be rejected. It must be con fessed, however, with respect to the Government salaries, that that part of the contract by which he had purchased popularity was of great importance; and the Treasurer, like the head and manager of the firm, having made a contract, had for a time carried it out; but after this, he retained the money in his hands, and unscrupulously applied the The TREASURER rose to order. The hon. member was accusing him with unscrupulously applying the public funds to some purpose or other. The SPEAKER ruled that the use of the term was not in order. Mr. MILDRED continued—The complaint was that the Treasurer had done as he (Mr. Mildred! had said; but he hoped that the whole of the transactions would be explained to the satisfaction of the House. If the Hon. the Treasurer could ex plain the matters he had alluded to, including the unbusiness way in winch the ramifications con nected with the railway contracts had been trans acted, he would be prepared to vote with the Ministry, and such an explanation might have the effect of converting some other hon. members who were at present opposed to them. if. however, the impressions on his mind respecting the conduct of the Ministry could not be removed, he would be obliged, though reluctantly, to vote against them. The TREASURER was afraid he would not be able to satisfy the hon. member for East Torrens or to allay iris scruples. It would appear from Ida statement that if some scheme of taxation W which he had referred could be brought forward by him (the Treasurer), so as to satisfy that hon. member lie would set aside all the other matters upon whicn the House had been making such a rumpus, and that he would vote against tbe motion. He was not disposed, however, to travel beyond the record, hut would confine himself to the questions which had been so frequently raised during the debate. The hon. member for the light (Mi. fiagot) had charged the Attorney-General with a breach of confidence in stating that the hon. member fop (lumeracba had said that he had no objection to join the present Ministry; but this was no secret, but a matter of perfect notoriety, which had been stated over and over again both in the House and out of the House, as well as by the press. Everybody knew it. The hon. member for Gumeracha—who now came before the House with a motion of a want of confidence in the Ministry—had very re cently shown that lie had no objection to row in the same lioat, and take pot-luck, as the saying was, with the rest. All that he seemed to care about was to obtain a seat on the Government side of tiie House. So long as he could get that he cared not for anything else; he was not at all ambitious of the honour—no, he would not say honour, for, of course, there was no honour on the Government side of the House. Then, with regard to the arrangements referred to respecting the formation of the Ministry, they were made at a meeting—a public meeting he called it— of the members of that House, called by the Chief Secretary. It was never intended nor understood to have been a. private meeting, and therefore there was no breach of confidence in what the lion, member Iiad said. The hon. mem licr must have forgotten the facts of tbe casp, Sonic change must have come over the spirit of bw dream—his memory must have been a little at fault—as it was when he was behind the scenes, and saw die ghost of Hamlet, instead, of the ghost of Hamlet's father. (Laughter.). The hon. member for Gumeracha had evidently been watching I lis opportunity for some time, and having ascertained that a misunderstanding ex isted amongst those who usually supported die bin"' Government, he had consulted with his friends, who cried out, "Now is tlie time to get into their scats; now is the time to table a vote of a wan tof confidence in the Miuisjry. The hon. mempor complimented mm (the Treasurer) only auput PVO Jils return to liis seat on theGo weeks ago.upon _ rernment side of the House, which he liad held nearly two sessions, but the hon. member at that very time knew all about the salaries, though lie complimented himself for having found it out. He (the Treasurer) regretted, however, that (he the Burra and dare (Mr, D(up) hon. member for i .. .. had expressed liis intention to vote for the motion, lie having had the maniinessand candourtoinloim . the House respecting the conversation which had taken place between tliem privately, and his up-, gleet to ask in the House what course the Govern ment intended to pursue. Hut the course taken by : certain hon. members in regard to this question was quite unworthy of them; and indeed .he never knew_ anything more ^tpnmirilj^ -and contemptible in liis life. (Oh, oh.) Why.behad been 2(1 years in the colony, but had never before been accused of dishonourable conduct. It ap-. peamd, however, that the Opposition, seeing the' • . session drawing to a close—seeing five months of repose before them, with a salary of JC900, vfitn ha - necessity of declaring their policy—were wter. - mined to do what they could, right or wrong, to oust the Ministry, in order that they might get. into their scats. They would thus secure thqip; positions for at least five or six months; and pvpq at the end of that time it would be hardly worth their uiiile to commence the session if&h; any - definite policy, for they could say, "We don't mind. going out or office now, having''enjoyed, five " ' months'salary during the recaps.* ^Witn ragard tp ■ the salaries question, it was said that a contract had been entered into with the House; but what were the facts? A Hill was introduced with p view' to regulate the salaries of the Ministiy, and passed - through tliat House. But it was rejected ny the Legislative Council, and consequently did not be* come law. It was then urged that the salaries" should be reduced, and he wasehaiged withs ' i part- Tiie Ministry thereupon determined to efund to the Treasury all tlie amb ountbeyondfMO a year. They were obliged to draw -the foil - amoiuit, and this practice was followed by even the hon. member for Onkaparinga (Mr. Milne); . during the time that he ,occupied a spat an the ■ Treisury benches; 'When, however, Qie'qtiestion. - -■ respecting the drawing of. foil salaries wa»'firs| - - mooted the hon. member for OnkaparihgafMr^ Milne) stated his intention totake action in foe House upon the matter, when he (the Treasurer)' reminded htm that the I ate Ministry refunded,.®#*). But there had been no expression of opinion hpoq ■ the subject in the House. It was a voluntary stalp, ment on the put of the Ministry of their intention ■ to drawna ycar^only; and as to Hrclr intentions' to return to th eir former system, it wasa vety delicate subject for the Government to introduce *fo the '■ House. They had, however, r — hon. members to take action fri the matter,'and >r-Gene' ~ " the AnditonGeneral was requested to keep toe' matter in abeyance in the interim. it btingrath<s>r: a difficult - thing to draw money out of' pop ' Treasury after it had lieen Once paid m.(Imigdrterjj "• The hon. member Mr. Bagothad charged font with trimming on the Boothhy question, in the habit of trimming'his swstothewind^-' and on that subject he gavehia vote with the Mjl knowledge (hat it wotfld result in hretdringijip'a ' Ministry which had befen in extstenceforsoloag a time. It was strange that a toamlainh anajuld ' be made against him on that score.1 The hon. ■' member must have forgotten all ihecircumstanees - or uie case, or he would not-have alluded ^ them in the manner he had done. He;waa Bony ; diet little matters had been brought into die dS cussion, butitehowed the -desperate case of those who. were so animus to oust the present Ministry,, - • Thus they, had endeavoured to Take up a variety of small matters, hopingtosuccecdyby Uiie " means in ofl'ecting their ends; as, for inst^pat tS1 f-'1 dragging inthe statement made by himadfre-' * spectmg Dr. Blue, whom he: had- mentioned instead of Mr. Krichanff in mistake. Shehnn.= member for the light (Mr. Button) bad inferred v " to the letter published as an oSvertiiement htfhe >': wn Jteg'uttcr bp Martin, &■ *' thought the Turn; nvember whe^he^eatMWrieed ^ a-' tjon wasJJe^r^arSed^as hndisi.« -- and was stin of opinion that thcre wai an under* standing between. that- firm -imdFirilerd;<hv. .r respecting tbercdlwaycontracto,-tad be waawm-i -i ■ firmed in this becausehe had learued'thatr " party :rrould pot in B diaclaimcrof thwo been no eonMcm aiS thBtthisfaOthSll^^ -^^ the-Hon. Mr. Solomon to - witfadisw his ^motSab: lor Qie appointment of a StdectOommitteewt the■; Wasitbecanse *he:-was< fritted? to Why,.he bdiheaiihsin that Mr. Fullerhad"" Interested the City t ' of bneof the: . aedecbena& ini^Ifer&Oo.;'stsonttL., Tnari - say that Ihlle^& thrift?.-(Bear, ofje^OOOaj motion before the theactfdn ofNhe1 would have had no rime for i-. ,— after Friday last, andtbe Government would 1 had no time for reflection ■ upon the-stddect. f hon. member for Oumerachabad una " thrown in a tremendoua bombshell Into 1 sterial camp, and had tfiven the Ministers only two *iays* notice of their political death, iiut he was very much surprised at the conduct of the hon, member for the Bum (Mr. Kingston). in calling for a division before one half oftlie members 01 the Government had spoken upon the question. Had 'hut bon. member occupied his former position the "Government would have had no respite on the previous Friday. The hon. member for Oumeracha (Mr. A. Blyth) had sltown great anxiety to serve the interests of Mr. Fuller, and liad stated that he knew him well, having had many transactions with him. One would suppose from the hon. member's speech—though he did not mean to sap that it was so—but any one would imagine that the hon. member was the trustee, or agent, or «omething of the kind of Fuller. He talked about him as a sharp, shrewd, clever man of business, but never .mentioned Fuller and Co. Oh, no. It was all Fuller. Fuller, Fuller from the beginning to the end. He had had many transactions with Fuller, and he was evi dently very desirous that Fuller should have the contract, it had been said that as there were plenty of drays to be obtained the Government should " " " should have taken the cartage into their own hands; but Th'g could not be done with drays alone without a particular class of horses, such as the firm of Fuller & Co. possessed, but which it was no: an easy matter for the Government to obtain. But Uie hon. member complained that the Govern ment had given the contract to Hill, and not made an ofl'er to Fuller. ("No, no; to the public.") Well, then, to the public. But what were the facts? Three tenders were sent in—all from the same party. The Government had previously ad vertised for tenders, but only one was sent in, br Hoyt, Fuller & Co. knew this, and that Hoytnail since sent his plant to New Zealand. It was also known to the Government that the three tenders afterwards sent in were all from the same party. What, then, would have been the cfl'cct of re fusing to accept the tender afterwards made by Hill? Why, if Hill's tender had been withdrawn the differences which then existed between him and the other members of the firm might have been settled, and the Government would then have been left to the mercy of Fuller. But this Mr. Fuller had on fonncroccasions caused considerable confusion in the Government service, though he was admitted to be a very shrewd sharp man of business. The Government would have been at the mercy of this man had (fill's contract not been accepted. It was rather a mercy that these men fell out, for it had the result of saving to the public at least £120(1 a year. The Govern ment received an amended teuder irom Fuller and Co. with regard to the lime of the contract, and another from Air. Hill, and they chose that which was the most advantageous to tlic country. The hon. member for Gumeracba (Mr. A. Blythi, when he read the letter of Mr. Hill, did so with such a contemptuous smile upon his lips, as would lead one to suppose that he regarded Fuller as one of the most high-minded men iu the province. Did he stilltliink so* The hon. member would not say yes for fearof what was coming. It appeared that when the parties contemplated a dissolution of partnership, that Fuller wanted £5,003 for his snare in the concern. Also that Mr. Hill offered to give him £1,500, though aware that it was worth only £4,-000. It further appeared that, through the intervention of Mr. Hare, the terms were agreed upon, by which Hill was to pay £5,000. and on the Saturday £1,000 was paid down, Fuller promising to lend his assistance m earning out the contract as a peace-offering to Mr. Hill But what did this high-minded, slircwd, and clever man of business do? Why, on the Monday morn ing following he sent a gentleman to him (the Treasurer), stating that he had sold his share in the contract, ana asked that the Government would enter into a fresh contract with him self. (Oh, oh.) This was the gentleman whom the hon. member talked about so much, and who got out of his former contract upon the plea that he was going to England to see ( he Great Exhibition, or some other purpose. (No, no.) Ves. He had authority for stating that sucli was the fact." However, he was very- much sur prised at the proposal made by Fuller to him through his friend, and he referred the latter to the Hon. the Commissioner of Public Works. It ap peared. however, that this shrewd and sharp man of business was for once outwitted. Though the hon. member for Gumeracba (Mr. A. Blyth) might still persist in saying that the Government liad done wrong in regard to the contracts, the whole transactions showed that one of the best things that could have happened was the breaking up of the firm of Fuller & Co., for it had saved the country at least £2,200 a year. Had the Govern ment refused to accept Hill's contract there would have been some cause for the tabling of motion of a want-of-confidence in the Ministry; but the truth was that certain lion, members liad made up their minds that the present Ministry should go out and themselves go into office upon any plea, or without any reasons whatever, so that they could get into their places. The hon. member for Onkaparinga had-said that this had been a very barren session, but he supposed the hon. niemlier would not dispute the fact that there had been a good deal of discussion—he would not dispute it that there had been some speeches made of great I rower, and he*(thc Treasurer) would add that there tad also lieen speeches made which were very feeble, and bv the same individual. (Laughter.) Well, t hen the hon. member could only enumerate four Bills introduced during the session. He feared the lights and shadows which had crossed the hon. gentleman's memory liad caused a slight aberration /}f intellect. He seemed not to he stall aware (hat 21 or22 Bills had been introduced duringthc session. Then they had had the great Boothby debate, which liad so disturbed the community in general, and in particular his hon. friend opposite (Mr. Townsend). And iu addition to this there had been a great deal of striving and struggling for place; there had been three changes of Ministry, and four attempts to defeat them besides. Tiie hon. member for Onkaparinga had stated that lie (the Treasurer) could no longer have his support. He regretted this, and also that the hon. member should have thought and said that the Treasurer had not that large grasp of intellect which was necessary in a leader of the House. He would reply to this, that he did not pretend to lead the House; hut could declare with humility that he ; had maintained his scat in consequence of the kind support which he had received from his jfriends, to whom he was much indebted for their I indulgence. But if the hon. member for Onka perinea (Mr. Townsend) supposed himself pos sessed of tliat vast and " ' ' . capacious soul—that pon drous intellect—as woald enable him to deal off handed, and without forethought and calm con sideration, with all the various questions likclv to occunv the attention of the Ministry—if he sup posed himself possessed of file anility and states manship of a Palmerston or a Derby, he (the Treasurer) would !>e happy to give up his jiosition to him. upon one condition, however—namely, that the House agreed to the change. (Hear and laughter.) Upon all ordinary occasions he would he willing to aye place to any other hon. member iu whom the House reposed more confidence than in himself, though he did not like to do this just at the end of the session, when there would be no opportunity of testing ins ability to conduct the public business of the country to the satisfaction «,f the House; and he very much questioned whe ther the lion, member would be so willing to take office at the beginning of a session as at present. Tlie hon. member had said that he (the Treasurer) had shown a greater eagerness for office than any .other member of the House. Well, he could only say in reply that he had never asked to lie ad mitted into office. Could the hon. member say the same? He (the Treasurer) liad been asked on four separate occasions to accept office, and had refused. Could the hon. member say the same? {the Treasurer) had naver solicited the favour of sitf'OS by the side of another hon. member on tiie Treasury benches. Could the hoi), member say the same? (Daughter. He could say agi-eii deal more to the same purport. [Mr. Townsend— "Go on.") Ho, he would not do so, hut would spare the hon. member. He really did not wish him any harm, and sincerely hoped, in considera tion of the great Boothby debate, that another such discussion might not take place during that session, for fear that the mighty intellect of the hon. mem ber should "he affected thereby. (Laughter.) He had spoken longer than he had Intended, hut there was one other subject to which he would refer. The hon. member for Light (Mr. Bagot) had complained of the remarks made by the Hon. the Commissioner of Public Works in refe rence to the position formerly occupied by the hon. member in His connection with the Ministry. The Hon. the Commissioner of Public Works might not hare been aware of the fact, but lie (the Trea surer) readily admitted hating solicited the hon. member for the Light to act with him in the com paratively subordinate office of Commissioner of i Irown Lands, and that after repeated solicitations the hon. meipber consented to occupy a position which might be considered detrimental to Jiim. He considered this explanation due to the hon. member, and he also felt bound to state that he was sorry that when a Ministerial change took place that lie was deprived of the lion, member's services. With regard to the motion before the i House, if hon. members had lost all confidence m 1 fhc Ministry he hoped they would express it by , their votes. He would be prepared to abide by the action of the House. Mr. MILNE complimented the Hon. the Trea-I surer for the recovery of his good humour, for on the previous Friday he was in a feverish state of excitement. But he had since then been able to bring all those little influences to work which the Government so well. knew how to command. He would not say much upon the style of the hon. Sember's speech. He had, however, all along :en very facetious, and had indulged in perso nalities, aha | bad also inuendoed his remarks respecting tlie action taken by tlie hon. member for Gumeracha with respect to tlie railway con tracts in a manner which was extremely discredit-1 able to him. He was perfectly satisfied that his ! Hon. friend had no personal interest in the railway contracts, and that hi: had been only actuated by (Considerations of a public character. The hon. member for the Light (Mr. Dutton) had com plained that be had not been consulted re specting the future Ministry, and had in congruence determined not to vote on that .occasion. The conduct of that hon. member was very extraordinary, and betrayed a want of moral courage by no means creditable to him. Various objections had been made to the motion before the House. It was said to be unmanly, unpar xnade: but the Ministry werelikethe man who was (>cmg flogged—whether they flogged high or low, this way or that there was no such tiling as pleasing them. (Laughter.) With regard to the salaries, he considered the Hon. the Treasurer was indebted to the great weight attached to his original Statement upon the subject for the position he now held. He gained credit throughout the country on account of his expressed determination to rundown the salaries, including these of the Ministry. The language in effect was, the salaries of the Ministers are too high; only put me into office and I will reduce them. But having done this, he then—un known to the House-^dreiv his salary from the commencement of the financial year at the full rate named in the Civil List., He maintained that' this was a breach of faith with'the House. After ! eaying that £SOO was enough, he then, when feeling' his position to be, as he supposed, quite safe, .declared that it would not be worth his while to do the duties of his office for .£800 a year, (Hear, hear.) It was the hon. member's principal policy to trim lib sails to the wind so as to retain office; hut if he (Mr. Milne) could only induce him to do penance for a time on the opposite side of the House, be believed it would be tor the good of the country. (Laughter.) Tlw hen. member for West Torrens (Mr. Magerey) bad said that the question pf salaries was only p matter of a few pounds. He was astonished at this statement. It was a matter /of 'principle and of honour; and he was surprised jthat tqe hon. member's moral vision was so defec itive as not tosee this. Hon. members on that side of the House were charged with attempting to get into' office' gt any cost; but - if there was a member who shpwed a determination to keep Office at any cost, it was the Hon, the Trea surer, who, on all occasions, regarded every •ther consideration subordinate to this. The hon. member for Gumeracha (Mr. Hay), who was one of the staacbest supporters of the present Government, liad attempted to explain away their | errors, but had signally failed. As to the railway contracts, the Government ought not to l»c depen dent upon any party. VVhy was not the contract divided so as to iiave given the Port goods cartage to one contractor, that to Gawler to another, and that to Kapunda to a third? Tile members of Go vernment liad talked about having saved the cmtntTV £2,200 a year; but they had done nothing of the'sort. He'had no terms of contempt too , strong to express the haggling huckstering conduct of the Government in regard to the contracts. As to the question of immigration, he was surprised Bt the conduct of the Government, which was so very inconsistent and contrary to their expressed opinions upon the subject. He maintained that the Government were now pledged to prepare and bring forward a measure upon the sub ject. He would not form- part of any Government opposed to immigration; but there ought to be something like consistency in the Government upon the subject. The lion, member for the Burra (Mr. Dale) liad declared his determination not to support any Ministry pledged to carry out a system of immigration. It had been said that die noli. member was inconsistent in opposing the Government on the present occasion. He. however, thought otherwise. The hou. mem ber might succeed in getting a Government ap pointed consisting entirely of members opposed to immigration. Then, again, the Hon. the Treasurer had stated distinctly when the present Ministry first came into office that they were ail upon an equal footing—that there was no Premier. He had no doubt but that this revolutionary opinion emanated from some members of the Ministry who could not bear the idea of being placed in a subordinate position; but the existence of a Pre mier was absolutely indispensable to the existence of the Ministry itself, and no Cabinet could exist without it. It was the duty of the Prime Minister to state what was the policy of the Government with which he was connected; and when members , of the Government were unable to carry it out, thev were bound to resign. Sir. GRUNDY was exceedingly sorny to be compelled to vote for the motion of a want of con fidence in the Ministry, He remembered that there was a great debate respecting- the \Yavs and Means, and at the time he was very much startled at bearing tbe extraordinary doctrine propounded by the Hon. the Treasurer respecting the imports and exports of tbe colony, and he felt compciicd to" take notice of it, in wiiat lie meant to have been a telling speeclr, though it was not a telling one in the sense he intended it to be. He wished liim to have understood that lie was watched as to his career, and that was the first step towards the want of confidence he felt in the Minis try. He had expected at that time that the Minis try would have ucen able to say, as the Russians did at the commencement of the recent campaign, *' We are the modern Romans"—but lie was safllv disappointed. On the occasion of the Boothby debate he supposed lie was supporting the Minis try; hut he was very much surprised indeed at the opposite and contradictor}- course pursued bv the Ministry on the 1st of August and on the 2nd of October; and he now asked the Hon. the Trea surer if he could in his conscience he surprised at a want of confidence felt by the House in the Ministry. Well, then, after this, the lion, the Treasurer came forward with that detestable Chinese Bill. He saw through the design of the Ministry. It was intended to have acted as an excuse for not introducing immigration from England, by letting into the province those detestable Mongolians, who would compete with the English workmen at 4s. oros. per week. It was a most flagrant act of injustice towards the labouring classes of the colony. Was he not then justified in saying that he had no confidence in tlie present Ministry? It would be remembered how on a recent occasion he gave the Ministry a severe philippic, but lie felt at that time disposed to give them another chance, and the votes of himself and of his hou. colleague saved them that day. But he little dreamt at that time that the salaries of three lion, members of the Ministry had been raised to £9od a vear, or lie would Jiave voted against them. Then there was the persecution of Mr. Woods. The vote of the House showed that the (Govern ment had done wrong to that gentleman, in addi tion to the unnecessary expense which had re sulted from their conduct. Could he, then, he blamed for voting on a motion of a want of conti- 1 dence in the Ministry * He admitted that the Hon. the Treasurer was a very active and industrious man; but something more than that was required to secure the confidence of the House. Then, with regard to the immigration question, he never was more astounded in his life than when the (Govern ment declared their intention to vote for a motion of major force, having just before voted for a motion of minor force on iliat question. As to the Government contracts, when the subject was first mooted he went at once to Mr. fuller and learut all about the atiair for himself. He informed that ' gentleman who he was, and „ told him that the matter required to he cleared »i|>. Mr. Fuller was very obliging, and allowed liis clerk to copy the whole of the correspondence upon the subject. Having obtained the copies lie studied them well, and he was satisfied that Mr. Fuller had been unfairly treated by the Govern ment to tlic damage of the country. Tiie Hon. the Treasurer had referred to the arrangements, and some of the junior members of the Cabinet had stated that Sir. Hill possessed two-thirds of the plant. It was uothing of the kind. Tiie three partners had equal shares in the concern, and the contract was worked by the capital of Mr. Fuller. (Hear, hear.) Was, then, the conduct of the Government in this affair calculated to retain his confidence or to win it,back again? Then, again, an attempt was made by the Hon. the Commis sioner of Public Works to represent one of the members of the firm as a beggar be/ore the con tract was taken. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS rose to explain. He never said anything of the kind. He only mentioned what lie had heard, and when lie was corrected lie admitted the error. Mr. GRUNDY continued—The Government ought to have known, and had the means of knowing that Fuller deposited title-deeds to the value of £S.n<)0 as security for the fulfilment of the contract. With regard to the suggestion that the Government should have taken the contract into their own hands, lie believed that it would he a very disastrous atiair if they attempted it. He re membered, when visiting the Plymouth Dockyard, lalfcin" to a very intelligent person, who pointed to a block, which he said cost the Government 7s. (id., but which could be obtained in the town from a private yard for 2s. Cd.; and this was ail illustration of the expensive manuer in which the Government usually conducted the business they took in hand. The speech of the Hon. Commissioner of Public Works reminded him of the saving of Cicero" grandfather. (Laughter.) Speaking of the slaves, lie said the more Greek they knew tlte more knavish they were. With regard to the disclosure pretended to l>e made with reference to Martin, Gacdechens, i Co., the Treasurer eouJd not pre tend to say that he was aware of it when the trick —as he must call it—was played on Fuller & Co. (Hear, hear.) Instead of attempting to defend themselves the Ministers attempted to malign their supposed successors. It was complained that the motion designed that those who had toiled during the session should be turned out: but who had toiled ? Did the Attorney-General ! toil ? and, if so, what was tire, amount of his labour!-to sit and give advice,and to make an occasional flowing speech. What had the Com missioner of Public Works (Mr. Lindsay) done ? He (Mr. Grundy) liad attempted to find him work, but he was So indifferent to liis business that he could not answer a questioii as to the pay of men in some of the establishments in liis department. He had also handed in some very defective rail way returns. That did not look like vigorous con duct, but lie had great respect for the young gentle man notwithstanding. (A laugh.) His appoint ment was a fraternal affair, for which his brother clubbist (the Attorney-General) deserved the credit—(Oil, oh)—but as he was willing to go out he deserved to lie complimented at least for prudence. He (Dir. Grundy) had, how ever, to condemn the manner in which the hon. gentleman had attacked the hon. and learned member for Light. He was actually ashamed of such impertinence. (Laughter.) There was another yoaug gentleman (the Commissioner of Crown Lands) who was willing to take any post bringing in aCSKiO. He (Mr. Grundy) did not hope to affect the majority—(Hear and a laugh)—but his remarks might do some good, nevertheless. He had to compliment several of the present and ex-Ministers for the manner in which they conducted their department; hut he would be doing the Commissioner of Crown Lauds an injustice if he did not, upon that occasion, give him a dressing. (Laughter.) He had done some strange things; he had actually ordered a magistrate, who had mildly remon strated with him, to leave his office. He (Mr. Grundy) had been but once in his office, and then was glad to get out of it as fast as he could. He (the Commissioner of Crown Lands) came of patri cian descent, but lie should take care how lie be haved, or he would be reminded of the old joke on old pedigree, that it was like a potato garden—all that was good of itwasunderground. (Laughter.) If lie pleased lie might with lus natural abilities and study become a constellation amon£ future slates men of South Australia; but if he did not alter his manner and study to imprqve, the only constella tion he could be considered would be Ursa Major. (Laughter.) He thought it would do good to some of those yornjg statesmen to knock £300 a year off their salaries, and give them instead an annual benefit. The young gentlemen lie had referred to would not or such an occasion, he thought, pocket many balls unless they were in better cue than at Present. He would have the Attorney-General to now that sarcasm was not sound sense, wit was not always allied to wisdom, that it required littlo ingenuity to say severe things—(Hear, near)—and hard words were often the concomitant of soft sense. He did not dread a dissolution. (Oh.) The Hon. Treasurer said "Oh," as if his Parliamentary days were numbered. (A laugh.) He had intended to retire, but was induced by the earnest and hearty solicitations of friends and supporters not to do so. He would staud again, and had no doubt that both himself and colleague would be returned. He would ask, were thepe not many members of the Upper Housecom petent to supply the place of Mr. Waterhouse? He would not refer to the "Men whose heads were silvered o'er with age, and whom long experience : had made sage." The reference ought to be suffi cient fo teach their young men modesty. He would say to the Ministry what Cicero "said to Catiline" tjuousque tandem abutere, Catilina, patientii nostril" \Vhat right have you to abuse our confidence and our patience? He had been told by the member for Gumeraclia that, if sent for, he would convene ell the members of that House, and submit to them the question as to the formation of a Cabinet. So much for the hon. mover and for himself. He would appeal to that hon. member or any other member whether be ever offered himself for office. (Yes.) He liad some months ago had it suggested to him that as he had time op his hands, some experience, and no domestic engagements to interfere with his de sire to serve the public, he might make himself more actively useful to the public than hc vvas at present. He liad, indeed, admitted that he was "from. Manchester, and had no work to do"—(laughter)—that he could devote his days,, and, a necessary, also consume the mid night oil in the service of the public. (Hear, hear.) 1 _'e might add that he had no domestic ties or duties to demand attention, and might therefore devote to the service those hours when more domestic men hfa othcy duties to perform. (Laughter.) "Very humorous pictures liad been drawn by some speakers, and they had qo doubt, as intended, caused considerable "amusement Had he great descriptive powers, how lie could dwell upon the coach-and-lour sent to Morphett Tale to secure the vote of the member who bad tabled the immigration motion! How he might imagine the promises of one ship per month, of three ships in two months, of promises to provide lor relatives!—(Qh, oh)—but he would conclude by saying that he must' support the motion. (Ap ^ScSSt), amid cries of "Divide" said he would not disturb the good humour of the Bouse. It was a most unfortunate state of things which compelled so many menuiers who had sup ported the Ministry to turn round and now vote agauist tliem. Good reasons for tliat defection had been given by several speakers, and lie was not going to repeat them. He would ask what did. the Ministry mean by allowing a motion in be" tabled by the Hon. T. Reynolds as an individual? Was it to be understood that a motion affecting the revenue should be discussed and disposed of in a manner that would enable the Ministry to disavow it as merely a crotchet of the Treasurer? That was placing responsible government in a new and a false position. Was the head of the Govern ment to be allowed to say that he was not responsible for a fiscal motion placed upon the paper b.v a mem ber of the Government, the Hon. 'treasurer ! If that was to be the case, they might have other responsible Ministers doing the same thing in respect of their departments, and fheu what would become of responsible government ? He was glad to hear the Hon. Treasurer s apology to the lion, member for Light, as the correct facts had not been riven by the Hon. Commissioner.of Public Works. They had heard a good deal about the meaning of the word " situation," and it was clear now that there was a great repugnance in the minds of some members to shifting from a situation on the Trea sure side to theopposite side of the House. (Hear, and a laugh.)- His want of conSdence in the pre j sent Ministry had been of gradual and unwilling growth. He never asked for anything—he never expected any tiling—and he was never disappointed J in anything, except as regarded the unsatisfactory conduct of the Ministry- The true point had licen kept out of sight by Ministers in the Fuller controversy. The Question was, were thev to abandon the system J of puolictenderforcontracts ? If so. while they might ' in thai case save £2,000 they would open a door by which the country might lose £50,000. There had been five members who do or did belong to the Central Road Board who must differ from the Ministers on tliat point. Did the Treasurer mean to say that the system of contracting bv publicly invited tenders should he abandoned" in taking contracts for large public works? If so. thev would soon have a repetition of the frauds auif losses that hail been exposed at home. It was not only the losses incurred by the abandonment of the open system of inviting tenders, they would corrupt the public by the introduction of" a secret system of letting contracts. (Hear, hear.) He was pledged to support the motion. (Divide, divide.) Mr. A, BLYXH said he had no doubt hon. mem bers would expect from him a statement which lie had been most anxious to make in reply to the grave, personal, and peculiar charges made against him. The last words, it would be recollected, which he had addressed to the House were the ex pression of a desire that in the debate he had initiated no personalities slioule be indulged in. He had great cause to complain in that respect of three members of the Ministry— the Treasurer, the Commissioner of Crown Lands, and the Commissioner of Puliiic Works. They had dared to come down to that House and to retail an idie and baseless and unfounded rumour —a rumour which lie had no hesitation in saying was eoncocteu by some person in connection with the Government or under their influence. He had only one answer to give to the charge of being a partner in the firm of puller A Co., and that answer was comprised in one short and emphatic word. It was a lie. (Oh, oil, and Hear, hear.) He would a-ld that he believed that the persons who used it knew at the time that it was so. (Oh, oh.) The SPEAKER said such language w.as very much out of order. He did not on the instant interfere, thinking some hon. member would have called his attention to it; hut lie could not allow a persistence in language so much out of otdcr. Mr. A- BLYTH. saul he was quite aware that he was out of order. He fully expected to be called to order The ATTORNEY-GENERAL rose to order. The hon. member said he had knowingly and deliberately used language which was not in order. Having made such an avowal he was bound to apologize to the House for an intentional breach of order. The SPEAKER said tiie lion, nienilier was bound to apologize. Mr. A. BLYTH wished to say that lie knew he had trespassed on the ground of order, and he was sorry for it. (Hear, hear.) lie asked lion, members to have for him the same consideration which he was certain would he extended to any other member whose honour had been impeached as his had. (Hear, hear.) The trifling remark which he had made as to his small transactions with Puller <X Co. hail been made a handle of. Why, the transactions he had with them were simply those which all men in business had to nliom they delivered goods: and lie could liear cheerful testimony to the maimer in which they conducted their work. (Hear, hear.) He felt certain that the Hon. Treasurer and his col leagues would yet regret having given currency to a rumour calculated to blacken Ins fair fame. (Hear, bear.) The great points which he com plained of was that the Covernnienl bad no head; the next that thev had not acted fairly with Puller and Co. What lie complained of in that matter was that having united tenders they availed them- | selves of information in theii hands, n,-rived from 1 such tenders, to communicate with one of the parties with a view to get him to send in a lower tender. If such things were to he done, what firm could venture to fender for large public | contracts.' Suppose that instead of Martin, | tiaedccheiis, tc Co., it was Acraman, Main, I Lindsay, A: Co. that tendered, and that the Com missioner of Public Works, cither by himself or I his clerk, communicated with one of the parties, 1 would it not properly be regarded as an attempt to break the moral IhjikI that subsisted between them.' (Hear, bear.) He wp.s as anxious as any one to have the public work done cheaply; hut, great an object as cheapness was, it could only lie satis factory when attained in a more straightforward manner than had been attempted in that case. (Hear, hear.) If anything could he .found to add to the impropriety of that matter it was that of the Commissioner of Public Works saying that what lie had done he would again do. (Hear, hear.) He had been favoured with a letter from Fuller fx Co., which be would read:— " Adelaide (foods Station, November 26, 1S01. "Sir—In the House of Assembly on Friday last Mr. Lindsay, Mr. Stow, and Mr. Magarey stated, on the authority of Mr. Hare, that Mr. Henry Hiil held two- thirds of the plant ami capital in the firm of II. II. Puller to. This statement is totally unfounded, and I shall feel obliged if you will favour me by giving it the fullest contra diction. " Mr. Hill doex not and ncrcr <!<'> hold more than one-third, and that in the plant ami prc iiii.<c.i only. The rapilal is mine only, and neither Mr. Hill nor Mr. Mills have any interest in it whatever. "Mr Stow states tliat he lias seen the dee 1 of partnership of my linn, and he gives his own version of its contents. Now that <Teed has never lteen out of mv possession for one instant since it was signed. It is therefore impossible that he could have seen it. nor could any person have shown it to him but myself, and that 1 never did. " Mr. Lindsay says that Mr. Hill bought me out at the extravagant price of £5,000 for my share in the plant. This plant cost me £5,J(KI, and was not sold to Mr. Hill, but to him and Mr. Mills jointly: and the largest portion of the purchase nionev is to remain unpaid for three years—viz., £1,0110. "Mr. Mills was not bought out, as stated; but arrangements were made for so doing, but they were never completed, and he remains now as much a partner in the firm of II. R. Fuller & Co. as he ever was. " Mr. Lindsay remarks on my sending in my tender just Iwfore 12 o'clock. It is custoinary with many firms who tender to send in their offers at the last moment, in order to prevent them being in any way considered before the proper time. It was not, however, my intention to tender at all, and 1 only did so at the urgent request of Mr. C. S. Hare. "Whysuch statements as those made by the fmtlemcn I have referred to were brought forward cannot conceive; but I am prepared to prove, by my books and papers if necessary, that there is no ground for them. "If you will make the contents of this letter known in the House I shall feel much obliged, as I am anxious that further injustice may not be done to luc by allowing such misstatements to go forth uncontradicted. I have preferred troubling you instead of writing to the papers, as I think the proper place to set the matter right is that place where the statements I complain of were made. " I have. Sir, Ate., " H. li. F fi.i.r.i:. "To Arthur Blyth, Esq.'' Mr. Fuller would, he had no doubt, send a copy of that letter to every lion, member. Tlie lion, the Attorney-General had upon a recent occasion administered a rebuke to an lion mcmlier whom lie thought had revealed the substance of a private conversation. The hon. and learned member had assumed upon that occasion the position of Mentor, and lie (Mr. A. Blyth) agreed with every word lie said upon the subject. The hon. and learned mem ber had said that it would be very dangerous to have private conversations repeated. He said so, too. especially when the conversations took place during a Ministerial crisis. When an hon. mcm lier was entrusted with the duty of forming a Mi nistry he was bound to place himself in communi cation with all the members of Parliament; and it would, indeed, lie a very' had tiling if all the cir- : cutnstances of those communications were made public. He had lieen, and was that day, sorely tempted to break through a practice which he ad mitted was a wise one, and to give to the House a full account of what bad lieen only partially given by the Hon. the Attorney-General—bis (Mr. Blyth's) conversation with the Hon. the Chief Secretary. (No, no.) He felt that be could ;ive a very satisfactory versiqn of what lad taken place between himself and the Chief Secretary; but he believed that it was not right to reveal publicly such conversations as must take place on occasions of that kind. (Hear, hear.) He had most carefully guarded himself in his communications. Perhaps it was Suite proper for a Ministry to meet a motion of tat kind by suggesting that he had made an agreement with the hon. member forOnkaparinga. He thought, however, that it hardly needed a denial on bis part. He had made no agreement with that hon. member nor with amy other mem ber. Of course Ke bad some few thoughts as to possible eventualities—(Hear and a laugh)—but he kept them as closely to himself as he thought he ought to do. Whatever attempts the Ministry had made to meet the motion, they had not attempted to show that he had done anything unfair. (Hear, hear.) He had scarcely said anything to hon. members; indeed he hail not been since the adjournment in communication with a single member of that House. He had charged the Ministry with a want of policy, and he would take the question of immigration. Members of tliat House would know what they had to expect, and how to deal with a Ministry that opposed immi gration or a Ministry tliat supported immigration; Cut how could they deal with a Ministry who one day opposed it on any terms or from any direstion, and the next day supported a motion in favour of immediate immigration? It was not only that ind important as it was, for tliat subject, great and might Vie said to be an exceptional case, that the want of a policy was apparent—it was the cha racteristic of the Treasurer since he had been in office. He (Mr. Blyth) did not want to rake up the Boothby question farther than to show that a Minister could upon that, as upon other questions, speak one war aad, after consideration, rote Mather way. The Hon. Treasurer had exhibited on several occasions a strong desire to feel the pulse of the House before committing himself; but what he (Mr. Blyth) wanted was a Govern ment with a clear and defined policy upon all important subjects like immigration, to speak in favour of that policy, to vote in favour of i£ and to fake the consequences. What the consequences of that motion would be he could not say, hut judging from the jubilant expression of the Trea surer's face, the great exertions that had been made—the carriages-and-four and the favouring gales—had set his mind at rest as to the conse quences of the motion. (Hear and a laugh.) Still, a great deal of good would be done by that motion. It would show that the House desired to hhve a Government with a policy, and that wotdd vole ii« accordance with that policy; also that they expected the speeches anil votes of Ministers in tlie 01 her Souse would hanrmnize with the votes and specche; of Minister* in that House. There hail been some statements made with reference to a connection between Martin. Qaedecliens. & Co. and Fuller & Co., and lie was not there to say thai there was no connection between tbem. (.Hear, hear.) He would say that any per son who intended to tender for a work of that magnitude'would be blind to their own inte rest were they not to have some communication with Fuller & Clo., who, failing to get the contract, would have a large and available slock to dispose of; and therefore he said it would lie desirable for tlie successful tenderers to know upon what terms that p ant or stock could lie purchased. (Ironical cheers and counter cheers.) He would remind the Hon. Treasurer that when the contract was adver tised three years ago, a petson of the name of Bow den did precisely the same thing. He maintained that the conduct of the Government to Fuller and Co. was not satisfactory, and he was of opinion that they had not yet heard the last of it. They had heard of the securities taken by the Govern ment; buthe believed, notwithstanding, that the same satisfaction would not be given to the trailing community that had been given by Fullers firm The want of policy, the want of a head to the Ministry, and their conduct as to that tender, and the anxious desire not to meet any great question as they ought to meet it—such, for instance, as the salaries question, which it had been said was settled, although no opinion had been giveii upon it by that House—all those points justified him in bringing forward that motion. He bad perhaps spoken too warmly; but having spoken candidly and openly, lie would leave tlie matter to the decision of the House. He might however, remark upon tlie brilliant speech of the hon. member for tne City (Mr. Moorliouse). It was, at ail events, satisfactory to have his testi mony as to the fairness with which the motion had been introduced. He hoped that in future the hon. member would attend more constantly, and fre quently favour tbem with such brilliant displavs as the one to which he now referred. That was the second motion of the kind they had in that House. The Treasurer was a party to the first, and it was tabled before the Ministry it re ferred to liad opened their mouths as to their policy. (Name.) It was the Ministry presided over by Mr. Baker, to whom the Trea surer could not object, for he had been most anxious to get him as a head for his Ministry. He believed that (he arguments had been all on one side—(a laugh)—and lie left the matter now to tlie decision of tlie House. The ATTOIJNEY-GENEBAL rose to explain. A letter had lieen read from Fuller & Co., which impugned the veracity of a statement that lie had made. What he said was that he had examined the deed of pari ncrship; but he hoped he had not been understood to say that he had done so after it was executed. He believed that he had at that moment a true copy of the draft in his desk With reference to what had been said as to private con versations, be bad not disclosed a single'word of any private conversation. He had said that the hon. member for Gumeraclia was willing to join the present Ministry, and that was a fact, so far from being confined to private conversation, that it had lieen referred to by tlie press, and at a meeting of members of tliat House. It was a matter public and notorious. (Divide, divide.) The SPEAKER put the motion, and declared the Ayes had it. A division was called for, of which the following is the result :— Aves, 1(1—Messrs. Bagot, N. Blyth, Coglin, Dale. Duffield, Fimiiss, Giyde, Grundy, Kingston, Mildred, Milne, Santo, Sutherland, Tov.risend, Work, and A BIylh (teller). Notx, 17—The Attorney-General, tlie Commis sioner' of Public Works, the Commissioner of Crown Bauds, Messrs. Anderson, Bakewelf, Browne, Coie, Dunn, Hallett, Hay, Magarev, McEllister, Moorliouse, Owen, Parkin, Peacock, and the Treasurer (teller). The SPEAKER declared the motion lost by a majority of |. There was an expression of applause, hut it was promptly repressed by a call of order. The business on the Patter was arranged, and Tiie House adjourned until half-past 1 nest day. MEdSACES. . The following Messages were received by the House of Assembly:— From the Legislative Council. !Cos. 21 and 2.">. lleturning the Drainage from Mines Hill and Electoral Act Amendment Hill, with amendments. PAPERS. The following Papers were laid on the table of the Assemble:— By THE Treasures. Abstract of the Accounts of the South Austra lian Institute for IStiO, and Customs Returns for the third quarter of ISfil. Ilv the Commission Kit of Public Works. Names of the proposed sureties of Henry Hill, contractor for the railway goods traffic. [/or remar.id'-r of Parliamentary Proceedings see 6th pagei] 