PARLIAMENT, LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. Wednesdav. 25th September. Tito Phesident took tho chair at fivo minutcB past four o'clock. OCCDrATION hcence3. Mr. mitchell moved— hat all address be presented to tho Governor, submitting to His Excellenoy the great incon venience nnd danger that will result from tho issue of the proposed occupation lieencos for agricultural pnrposes, should they hereafter bo held to bo illegal, nnd prayiug'HIs Excellency to exorcise his constitutional authority for restrain ing their issue till tho question of their legality shall liavo been decided ; and that a committee bo appointed to propnrc suoh address, to consist of sevtn members, and to be appointed by ballot. In doing so the lion, member remindod tho Houso that tlio present Ministry camo into office in November last, and in . six niontliB afterwards, in the month of May, issuod the regulations for occupation and cultivation on tlio goldfields. A month afterwards a vote of want of confidonco in tho Ministry was passed by tho Legislative Assembly, and shortly afterwards an address wa3 presented from tho ' Legislative Council against tlio issue of occupation licences for tlio goldfiolds. Both Houses then acted in concert. On tho 2Gth of Juno His Excelloncy replied to tho address froin tho Lcgislalivo Council, declining to acccdo to tlicir request that the licences should not bo issued. When His Excellency came to dissolve the Houso he 9tated that the regulations had been found to work beneficially ; and a similar statement was repeated by His Excelloncy in his speech on tho oponing of Parliament. How, he main tained that there was no evidence whatever to show that thoso licences had bccii beneficial , in thoir operation. If lion, members took money out of the Treasury, nnd loaded a liumbor of tables with loaves and meat, and got a lot of people to clear tbcra off' in an hour, would it then be argued that this was a more satisfactory way of feeding the peoplo than nilowing them to provide for themselves by tlicir own labour. At the timo tho' Parliament was re-opened tho licences had not - been ' tnken up, and therefore tlicro was no ground for saying that- they had been boneilcinl. Ho further maintained that there wore not six intelligent men in the colony who were satisfied q3 to the legality of tho licences. But lie would leave that part of tho question, and direct attention to tho question of policy. This House, ho held, represented tho peoplo of tlio colony ; whilo the other Houso, it was no scandal to say, only represented persons who wore prepared to leave tho colony on the first chance that offered. Well, wlmt had been the effect of theso licences? Was it not a fact that tlio day tlio Governor annouimcd "tho'drssbliv- tion of Parliament, property fell fifty per cent., and was it not a fact that the day the Govor: nor sat in that clinir, on tlio occasion of id'- opening Parliament, thoso who had sold their proporty. at a decreased value of fifty per cent, some fejv woeks previously had every rcaeon to consider .themselves lucky ; for was it not a fact, that from that hour property had been unsaleable. Well, tho plea on which the liconces were issuod was, that they would tend to sottlo tho peoplo on the hind, but if he could show that such would not bo thoir effect, what then bocamo of the policy of issuing them ? Farming could only be carried on in this colony as in England by acienca and tho exorcise of capital. Those who wont on tho virgin soil under theso licences would only cul tivate it till it was exhausted, for they could not go to tho expense of manuring and improv ing it. Well, ho would ask, how could tho furmor who wont to the expense of manuring and othorwiso improving his properly, bo expected to compoto with thoso who settled on tho virgin soil and went to no expense in manuring it, but who after they had exhausted it would romovo nnd sottle somewhere else ? j. lie iv hub utt-'ui ) ntiu iiutt tu remain on his own land would be driven out 'of tho market. This.pffcct, lio admitted, would only fall on the small proprietor, and would hot affect tho largo land-owner. It had been proved by experiment at tho Model Farm, that by laying down tho land with English grasses fire or six sheep could be kept upon one ncre of land. Tho system the Government had put forth would hot induce people to como here. Farmers would not come here to be merely agricultural squatters. Whoever took up land under those licences might depend upon it that others would coino and compcto with them, and therefore tho result would be that they .would all continue to bo agricultural equoitte'rs. ' But if many people settled oil the land, and carriod on tho occupation of agri culture, they would in a short time accomplish their own ruin by tho extensivo competition that would spring up in order to secure a living. At present farming did little more than pay. ''Wheat was now down to 5s 6d a bushel, and in Geelong fresh butter was selling at Od a pound, and dairy pork ot 4d a pound. He would ask whore was tho object of inducing peoplo to go on tho lands of tiio country when the only effect would be to ruin those already on tho land. There wero sorao people who supported this scheme because of the effect it \- would liavo on tho ' " bloated aristocrats " but tho fact was tho " bloated ,aristoora!ts" would lay down tho laud with En glish grasses and work more of "it by slicep farming than by letting their lands. Tho sohome would not' affect; thoso who had a largo quantify of land. Bo- sides, land-must bo sold in order to provide a revonue, and the bloated aristocrat — the capitalist, whose' exortions it was desired to restrain, could go in and buy land wherever 1m ploascd. But who had gono on the land under the licensing system? Why those who. "had dono so wore not the minors, for whom it was said ; tho system was originated, hut judges,' barristers, lawyors' clerks, morchauts' clerks, publicans, and ovorybody but tho miner. Tiicre ivoro' instances had como. under his k'nowledgo of aomo men having ; gono on tho land under thoso liconces, and Bottled alongsido ' laiid that cost the proprietor as much as l10 .an.acro." it was true tlio licensees .pnid.l-ls 6d 'ail ""Sore, and if yoil asked' tliom liow "tlioy. expected they would -bo able to mako tho. land ' pay, thoy would . say., that so much land would "bo' taken up, there would bo- so many settlers, that it would only bo ncoossary to pay tho rant for > few mouths. When they wero told that it -would bo noceSBary'to bring troops from' Howl Zealand to enforco tho law against about a it not fair to assume that it would bo noceasary to bring the. troops to collect tho rent when there were . sevoral thousands settled on tlio land, undor these licences p It hud been suid that numerous demands would bo. sent in for compensation in con'soquonco of tlm issuo of theso licences; but greater difficulties than those would yot arise, for thoro wore many who tlu'eatonod tliat if people came and' settled on' their holdings imder thoso liconces thoy would uoo forco to dispossess 'tliem until tho question was determined in a-eourt of justico. -He asked, -was it not right under such cirouin- stancco that thoy should abk His Excellenoy to, exercise whati power. .ho possessed to stop, tho.issuo. of theso licences till tlio question of their legality was 'ascertained. But there .was more in this matter. ..There was tlio question, whethor tho 'londa of. tlio : colony .were lo bo disposed of by tho otlior House, irrespective of auy voice tlio Legislative Council might liavo iif'tlio malfef ?! Was" it to bo conceded that the government of the .colony was to bo carried oil bv tlio Governor and tlio Legislative Assembly, oi' was tlie Lcgialativo Council to havo a voico in it ? Tlio question had already como to that. "But lio hoped better counsels might vet prevail Twilh.His Excellency ; for ho understood that thoeo lieoncos, so fares rel-il o.l to tlio occupation of 160 acres, had not yet boon issuod. Ho hoped lion, incmbors would join with him in tlio address ho proposed, praying His Excel lency to withhold the issuo of thoso licences. Mr. fawkher aecondod tlio motion; and- -reminded tho Houso, t-lmt after - tho vote of wont of oonftdoneo was: .carriod in the Assembly, ; ho .- stated; that ho 'thought His' Execllonoy :had committed a i political mistake iu consenting to dissolvo tho i nbuse, ond that it might yet turn out to be a i political crime. Ho now found tint His. Ex- j ceilehoy had committed a political crime.; and that by consenting to a . dissolution of tho j House His Excellenoy had giveq.his-minjsters qlie power of deposing him from the Governor ship,. ' and assuming to themselves tlio powers of tho Governor, the Government, and tho Parliament. Iliis..thoT had been ablo to do by.a>pecics of . bribqry-tt-by proposing in tlioir ministerial programme to placo a sum on tho estimates to pay members of tbo Legislative Assembly l300 a year. After commenting on portions of tho speeches of somo of tlio members of tho Ministry, in ..which reference was made to payriient of member's, aiid tlio necessity for issuing tlio occupation; licences to tlio number of peoplo who liad settled on the land, and built bouses, planted vineyards, etc-, Iclioii.uiemberlmaiiitained that His ISxcollcncy had been guilty of a political crime iu keeping in office a ministry wlioontertaiiiedopinions sueli as thoso expressed in tlio passages lio bad quoted— and the more so as ho had kept them in offieo in defiance of tlie Parliament. Ono inpmber of tlio Government had said that tlio people 'at Ballaiirat wero able to defy llie Government. How ho recollected when there was h rebellion at Baliaarat; but tho Governor of that day, Sir Charles Hotliaiii, was a gen tleman who had.courago to repress that rebel lion, but tlio present Ministry seemed to cncourngo ''rebellion. Ho (Mr. Fawkrior) was. not prepared to provoke a collision ; but he was opposed to tho issuo ot these occupation licences. If a thousand people were too strong for tlio Government, how was it to bo expected that the Government would bo able to cnforco tlio law against 20,000 ,or 30,000 people. ho contended the ' whole of tlio proceedings ..of tho Ministry with respect to those liconces wero illegal, and that tho Ministry had . acted in defiance of the Parliament and' of tho. law of the land. In the Land biu ' there was a clause for allow ing peoplo to tako up land boforo survey. Such a elauso would liavo been struck out by this Houso had it coino before tliem, but they were caved tlio trouble, for it was struck out by tlio Assembly. Yot this low-clas3 Ministry — this Brooke set aside tho law in that respect ; ond the Ministry- brought in members who for l300 a yenr wonid support them in doing so. Tho hon... member- thou -adverted to the proposition of . the. Ministry to reform tlio -Upppr .House",' which lie however held tliey would bo unablorto accomplish, at any rato in the, way they intended. All these eviis oi wiucu inoy naci now to complain no attributed to tlio,. abolition of tlio property qualification. ReVerting to tlio question be fore tho nousoi'hri remarked that if the issue of theso licences were continued it would not bo possible! to 'meet the liabilities uncr the railway loan, as tliorri would bo no land sales to provido' a revenue necessary to do so; and' further, it would not bo possible for tlio Government, 'to onforco tho payment of the rent.:: ; In -tho courso of a lengthened nnd diversified- address — tlio -hon. member denounced , manhood suffrage as tho great blot;on tlio constitution, and expressed a hope that tho timo might como when thoy would be able to retrace their steps in respect to that courso. He concluded by again expressing his approval ,of tho motion, and tho pleasure ho had' in seconding it. ' Captain cole opposed tho motion, and referred to tlio discussions on tho second read ing of tho Constitution Act to show that 'at that timo' tlio same reasons wore advanced against' the proposals for opening up of tho lands for settlement by solo as were how advanced ;against tlio occupation liconces. Mr. rolfe said - that though lio wa9 opposed to tlio lieoncos being granted without tlie sanction of the Legislature, ho could not Bympathiso with tlio motion bocauso ho did see what particular good would result from it. Ho would have liked to seo a measure intro duced having for its object tlie settlement of this qnestion so as to meet all and every existing interest. Ho considered that the presont state of tlio land question was most prejudicial to the present interests of tho colony, and therefore lie would more urgently call tlio atlonlioii- of hon.--- members ttf tho necessity of tlicir preparing somo measure that would meet tbo wanta of tho nresent timo. Ho would bo glad to givo his Bupporf te tiny mea sure that would have tho effect of- settling this question — a measure that would defino or classify tlio lands so that tlioro might lio no mistake as to tho proper-way of dealing with tliein— classifying tliem, into town landB, gold- fields lands; agricultural lands, homestead lands, and lands for occupation for pastoral purposes. Tlio lands for agricultural honie- ateads ho would not like to see sold by auction, but with -respect to other lands thoy should, ho thought bo sold by auction as at present, except in 'tho. case -of pastoral lands, whioh should bo let- on sljort leases, but at tlie same timo tho Government should liavo power to reserve any portion (of thorn provided thai the oircunistauces of the colony Bhowad that thoy wero required for oilier purposes. Ho gentleman engaged in squatting would, ho thought, object to. that. It wos only tho other day ho was told that lands near DayloB- ford woro letting, and liad been letting for some timo past," at AOs an aero,' whilo at tlio samo timo there iwcro largo quantities of Government land in the Ideality that could not .be got at. How wlicn: suoh a state of things as that ex isted, lie thought it was time that tlio lands should bo' in tlie possession of thoso ulio would cultivate them, in order that the colony might bo in a position to compote with tho neigh: bouring colonies in tho matter of agricultural prodnoo.. - ho had been told by a gentleman from Atleinido connected with, agricultural pursuits that wheat could be grown there at 4s a bushel, and pay the farmer at that price'." Ho' did not seo that tho same thing could j not. be accomplished hero; for he maintained tliat labour was as plontiful and as cheap hero as it was in South Australia. Tlio only, reason ' that existed to; prevent this 'oolony competing in agricultural produco witih : tho neighbouring 'colonies was tlio high prieo of . land. Ho should bo glad to see a measure introduced bore that would moot tho wanes of tlio time, and put the people- in a position to oompoto with tho' neighbouring, colonies in produoitig the breadstuffs consumed . in this oolony..- -The colony of South Australia" had produced 40,000 tons of breadstufis this year, _and a groat portion of it liad been sent to this "colony. Ho hold .that thoy should givo suoh bneonragemont to agriculture as would onablo thoso engaged in such pursuits to supply at least, a largo' quantity of what was required from otlior colonics, and also to he ablo to ex port. As ho would not support tho motion boforo tho House, he begged to proposo tlio followin amondmont : " That a select committee be ap pointed to consider and report on a mehsur ; to be submitted by tlio mover, that lias for it ' obicct tlio settlement of tlio land question on a fuir .'and oquitablo basis, having regard to existing interests ; such committeo to oonsist of soveu; mombprs — Mr. a'Beckott, Mr. Colo,, "Mr. .-Hope, Mr. Higlictt, Mr. j. Honty,' Mr.' m'Oroa, . and tlio mover. Tlio, comin'itte -to liavo power to sit during tho adjournment." ; Mr. a' beckett roso to Beoond the amend ; meat ; aud lio expressed himself as vory sorry that in in tlio discussion thoy had.lost eight o'f tlio object thoy liad'in vioiv. (Hear, hear.)' ' Thoy ;had been discussing tlie value of tho ' licences -to tlio country instead of considering tho: question of their legality — or, rather, the de ferring tlio issiio or tlio licences whilo: tlio -question.- of their legality ' or illegality leiu'iinod undecided. (Hoar, hear.) ho intended to vote against tlio motion, bocauso lio thought if thoy curried it tlioy would mako a great mistake. . (" Hcnr, boar," ond " oh.") Tliey should show tlio country that tlioy wero mindful of tho responsibility of their position and thoir power, arid that tlioy woro not dis posed to giro up tlio ono or the other. The YICE-PRE3IDEHX thought ho could 'scarcoly put tho amendment, whioh asked for a committee to report upon a measure to bo submitted by tho mover — a Bubject not before; the Houso. (Hear, hoar.) Mr. a'BECKETT : If tho amendment was, not in order, ho still claimed his right to speak on tlio motion. (Hoar, hear.) It _ really scorned to him somewhat ludicrous in that Houso to solemnly affirm a - proposition — which overy intelligent porson in tho oolony; would at onco assent to — namely, that danger and inconvenienco would result from tlio issue of tlio licences "should tlioy hero- after bo hold to' be illcgol."_ (Hear, hear.)- How, it needed no ghost to rise to toll thorn that. (Laughter.) And, ho thought it beneath the' dignity of 'that House to gravely state that in the form -of a resolution— that tliey should solemnly tell His Excellency what ho already know. (Hoar, hear.) Ho would state now, >t tho outset, tliat ho believed the occupation licences woro illegal. (Hear, hoar.) If they, could bo justified by law, they' might bo of immense boiicfit to tho colony. But lio had not to consider that now. However beneficial tlioy might be to tho colony, it was not right to issuo tliem if tliey were illegul. Ho contended that thoy wero not justified by anything . contained in tlio act ; -vrno power was therein conferred to justify their issue. It was admitted on ull hands tliat tlio power was latent—tliat it was not under stood when tlio bill was before Parliament— that it had boon dragged out of tho Act ; but, ho maintained, and ho gnvo his opinion its a lawyer, that tho powor did not exist in tho 63th elauso. Whether for good or for evil to tho country, tliey woro simply illegal. Yet it was nothing what that House or tlio other House asserted. (Oil, oh.) Because tho settlement of the question of legality lay beyond that Houso. Thank God for it, on tlie judgment seat of tlio Supremo Court it must bo decided, upon' every principlo of law nnd justice. (" Hear, hear," and " Ho.") It was right nnd becoming in tlm| House to assert their viows of the matter— that tlie licences were illegal : tlioy' liad given fair warning ; thoy had expressed their opinion as an important branch of the Legislature, representing the most -important part- of tlio community. Having asserted that in tho most emphatic manner, and it appearing on tlio records of the House, lie thought they might lcavo it. It was uot dignifiod to. go on reiterating it from week to week. (Hear, hear.) For what purpose was the motion put on tho paper ? It might bo very gratifying to allow hon. members nn opportunity of expressing tlicir ieclings. But thoy should coiisidor wliat tliey were doing, and not assert truisms. As to the constitu tional aspect of the question, lio said that that House could neither mako nor mar n Ministry ; tlioy could not put a Ministry into power. Tlioy . wero to follow tho analogy of tho homo country, occupying the samo posi tion in relation to our legislature as tlio house of Lords occupied there. Thoy must romom- bor tliat .tlio Couneil could not be dissolved, and . that there could bo no appall outside to test tlicir notion. (An Hon. Memheii : " Who wants it ? ") They wanted it. If lion, mcmbors would bo candid, tliey would see tliat if their rcquesv- was compncu wuii his jsxcciioucy must dismiss his advisers. ("Hear, bear," from Mr. Fawkneh.) Well, thoy had no right to expect that ; and thoy woro not justified in going beyond their powor and asking it. Thoir powor was felt wholesomely ; and let them bido their time. There were attempts boing made to assail it ; jand, be thought, they would bo allowing tho enorniea of tlio Council the chance of dealing nn advorso blow to their power if tlioy exceeded' their powers. It.. was r.ot fair for that House to mako a . request to tho Governor which .'thoy know ho Could -not comply with. ("Oh, oh," from Mr. Fkh.o,W3 and Mr. Bennett.) Be cause, if lie complied with it the Ministry must go out, though they had a mejorlty iu tho otlior houso justifying them in going on, and wishing them to go on,. with the issue of tho lieencos. ' (" Ho, no," fromMr.'bennett.)- Tho question had been debated for fivo nights, and it liad been decided in favour of tho Ministry by a majority of four. (Hoar, hear.) a vory narrow majority, perhaps ; and tho Ministry might find tliat they would havo to work out tlio mischief they had crontod. (Hear, hear.) Ho was, however, of opinion tliat thoir " oxpedi- onoy" law would recoil on them. If thoy had the power to issue tho licences what a power it was! But it must bo limited. Ho maiutaiued that they liqd 110 right whatever to call upon His Excellency, in thofaco of a majority of tho other House assenting to tiio principlo of the liconces, when ho (tho Governor) was advised that the licoho'es were legal — thoy hod no right to call upon him to suspend tho operations of tlio licences until tho decision of a judicial tribunal liad boon ascertained. Tho hon. thombcr (Mr. Mitchell) liad said that there wore not' Bix . Bonsibla men in tl,n colony who would say that tho licences woro jegal. Suppose that thoro wore only six, and that three of tho six wero tho jadges of tho land, und that thoy woro of opinion that tho licences woro legal ; — and tliat tho liconcc3 were bonoficiol to tho colony ?'. Wero the Council to ask the Governor to suspend tho licences because they might bo illegal? it might bo years boforo tlio point was decided. He should vote against tlio motion becauso lio believed it was altogether uncalled for ; and the House having asserted orcrything that was necessary to assort, there was no need to alter a truism in tlio tormB of tho motion, and much less to ask the Governor to do an unconstitu tional aot. (No, no,_and ueur, hcnr.) The actih g-pre8ideht read Mr: Relfe's motion as' amendod at liis suggestion : — "That a select eommittco bo appointed to consider and report upon tho subject of tlio settlement of tho land . question upon a fair and equitable basis having regard, to existing interests ; sucii committee, etc." Somo discussion took placo as to wliothcr tho amoifdment was in ordor, it boing argued that it was not pertinent to the question under consideration. Tlio ac1thg-president ruled that the amendment was hi order. In tho House of Lords considerable latitude was allowed in submitting amendments. Mr. fello a s said that although it might bs stated amongst lay mombers of tlio com munity that it was tho eustom of lawyers to endeavour to " prove that black is white," it bad been reserved for tlio lion, member on tiio other side to assert that . black was black and than to turn round and say it was white. (Hoar, hear.) Tho lion., and leornod member proceeded to reply to somo of the arguments adrancod on the other side, and then, he qui tod from a despatch from tho Secretary of State to tho Governor of a colony on tlio subject of responsible Government in order to show tho position occupied by Sir Henry Barkly. Lord John Russell said that the best way for a Governor to secure favour with the Queen was to preserve harmony botivobri the oxccutivo and legislative authorities. It appeared to him (Mr. Fellows) from tho con- duet His Excellency had adopted for some time past that he had placed himself in tlio position of an independent sovereign. If that was the coarse which still lead to royal favour — to promotion from tlio Crown — it must be ap parent to every ouo that Sir Henry Barkly wns utterly indifferent of the approbation of tlio Crown, and that ho was also careless whether ho received any employment at tho hands of Her Majesly._ Contain cole rose to ordor. : Mr. fellows wns not alluding to . Sir -Henry Barkly personally, but to liis jpublio acts. Ho had unjustifiably assumed the posi tion of an independent monarch. 1 Tiio Parlia ment hod oxpressed want of confidonco in the' present Ministry. ho told thorn to wait till tho next Parliament pronounced an opinion.' ho might.havo stayed tho hands of liis miuis- ters from doing all tho mischief of issuing thoso liconccr, when it was at tho. request of both Houses. Ho told tho Couucil that ho could not act at tho instigation of one of tho three branches of tho Legislature. Either Sir Henry'Barkly was girtod with common sense nnd understanding, or lio was not. Ho (Mr. Folio. vs) would not stop to inquire which was the fact : lot His Excelloncy cliooso the alter native for liiinsslf. If ho was not gifted with common sonso or- understanding lie was not fit to bo tho Governor of Ibis or any otlior colony ; and if lio did possess it, he certainly concealed it from observation. (" Hear, hear," and " ob !") Prior to tho prorogation His Excellency had nssumed an attitudo towards both Housos of Parliament ncvor warranted in liim. But was it becauso lie refused to hoar them onco wore tliey quietly to wait' thrco months ? ' If tho Governor would not listen to tliem, thoro was a higher authority tlioy could appeal to. They oould presont an address to the throne, and they would then ' find out whether Sir Henry Barkly was nn independent sovereign or only a subordinate officer. (Hcnr, hear). He maintained that nfter what had taken placo during tho last Parliament His Exe.'llency was not forced by any uncontrolled . power to take nny advieo that might be given to him by tlio Ministry s it ho refused to tako it ho know lie had a large majority of both Houses at his back. It was in his option to take advice or i'efuso; but there , was nothing to justify liim in offering an insult to tho Legis- lature wliioli no British Sovereign ever offered |' to a legislature. (Tlio hon and learned member quoted from tho Governor's prorogation speech the clausos referring to the restrictions put upon tho expenditure of supply, by the 3rd elauso of , the Appropriation' Act.) If tho Governor was only tlio " mouth-piece" of tho Ministry, whatever raado him consent to such arrant nonsenso he (Mr. Fellows) could not under stand. the Governor, who was exercising a delegated authority, liad dared to do what no monarch had dared to do for n century — none since William tho Third tried it. The Council had u right to bring forward the resolu tion to show that tlio Governor could not shelter .himself behind his ministers. His Excellency saw tho statements of his ministers published — tliat they were going to put payment of mcmbors on tho - estimates. Ho could have protested that thoy involved him; nnd he could havo stopped those statements. Tho lion, member concluded by Baying that ho Bhould support tho original proposition. Mr. power contended that the courso proposed in tho motion wns n respectful and constitutional courso for the Council to pursuo to prevent tho mischiefs that were threatened to the country under the occupation licences. (Hear, hoar.) Ho saw nothing in the regu lations under which the liconcoa were issued to prevent tho greatest abuses springing up by tlie new. system of giving up tlio public lands. Tlio approbation of tlio - country would reward the conduct of tho Council if they were successful in tho courso tliey wero now pur suing. (Hcarj'licar.) .Mr. hull roso to Bupport the original motion. After tho eloquent and statesmanlike Bpeceh of tlio hon. member opposite (Mr. Fellows), there was very littlo left for liim to say in disapprobation of tho conduct of the . Government. Ho maintained that the courso proposed to bo pursued by tlio Council was justified, by precedents in tlie annals of tho House of Lords. Tho conduct of tlie Execu tive was . not for tho benefit of tho country. He charged Ministers with " incipient treason," both in regard to their threats to bring pressure to, bear upon tho Council, and also to tlio state ment of tho hon. tlio President of Lands and Survey relativo to tho necessity for bringing the troops from Now Zealand. Tho Council were tlio representatives of the intellect, llie intelligence, tlio loyalty, tlie wealth, and the Honour ot tno colony ; ana n was ineir uiuv to resist the cneroachinonts upon tho constitu tion which wero so frequently attempted by tlio wretched agitntora who every session came forward with their propoBod amendments. (Hear, hear.) On tlio motion of Mr. bennett, tho Houso adjourned for an hour ; and resumed at half-past sevon o'clock. Mr. bennett did not intend to deal with tho quostion from an utilitarian point of viow, but with regard to tlio futuvo of tho country. It was of very littlo consequence to liim if ufo address to tho . Governor had any immediate offoct or not. Ho certainly expected it would not have immediate effect. Ho expressed his surprise at hon. membors who said the motion was uncalled for. Ho commontcd atlength upon the. steps taken by tho Governor in relation to tlio occupation liconces ; nnd ho referred to tho protest against them by tlie Upper Houso. Thoy had protested in the most solemn manner ngainst tho legality of tlio licences ; thoy distinctly and emphatically affirmed them to bo illegal. Yet tho Governor's answer was that ho had been advised by tho Attorney- General that tho liconeeB were legal and that lio would not suspend tlioir issuo. It was not too much to ask him to suspond tliem when thoy found that those persons in tho public wlio were affected by tliem protested' against tlioir legality. In common deconcy it behoved every branch of tho Legislature to pause until 'tlie properly constituted authorities had pronounoed upon tlie legality of thoBe licences. (Hear, hear.) To his mind His Excellency liad so thoroughly given himself up to his Ministry at tlio presont moment that ho liad completely abrogated all power as ono of tho branches of tho Legislature, and that it was hnnnlnaa to oxneet that tlioir amjlication would bo board. (Hear,- hear,) The course which tho Governor had taken from boginning to end in respect to tho liconces was not at all likely to lead to harmony between him and the other , branches of tho , legislature. The hon. mombor then: referred to tlio replies by His ExcoIIcnoy to addresses from tho Legislative Council, and commented on their being devoid of a proper degree of courtesy ond respect. "With respect to His Exccllenoy's reply to tho address from the Council in reply to the speech on tho opening of Farliomont, lie said it struck him with a thrill of horror when ho heard it read. As to tlio elections for tho Legislative Assembly tlioy did not tako place on tho question on account of wliich the Houso wob dissolved— as to whether or not tho peoplo liad confidonco in tho Ministry — but upon different grounds altogether which were rat forlh by tho Ministry. His Excellency, lowovcr, had ondorscd tho courso tho Ministry had pursued instead of charging them w th deceiving him, and tolling them that thoy wtre not fit to continue to bo liis advisers. : His Excellenoy bad given himself ovor to his Ministry, ond bad shrunk from . tlmt indepcndonco whioh he ought to havo exor cised. Ho thought the hon. member, Mr. Mitchell, liad dono woll in bringing forward this motion. In doing so bo bad done his duty to tbo Council, and also to tho Govornor in asking bim to pause in issuing theso licences; Tho hon. momber sought by this motion to strengthen tlio bands of His Excellency ngainst a ministry by whom lio seemed to bo over ridden. By agreeing to this motion they would also strengthen a most respectable minority — a minority that was within five of being a majority — in tlio Legislative Assembly. HiB Excellency, bo thought, ought not to refuse to withhold his sanction to thcao licences in tho faco of such a minority as were against thorn in tho Assembly, supported by tho almost unanimous voico of this branch of tlie Legislature. ' Dr. hope supported the motion, and characterised tho conduct of tho Government in tlio issuing of the liconces as a gross "dopar-! turo from thoir proper funotions. Mr. coppin also supported the motion.! As there was a doubt as to tho legality of the liconces .it would not, he thought, be asking too much that they should bo withheld till the question of their legality was determined by the highest tribunal in tho country. , Tho question was then put, and tlie motion was- carried on a division, as follows : — : Ayes— 17. Messrs. Fellows Mossrs. Power ' Mitchell _ Bennett Robsrlson "" " " Thompson . cicewarv Kennody. Fawlcner ' Hull . Fraser Sutherland " "Faucliail S. Honty Coppie, Highett Noes— 4. f r. YPllkie Messrs. Cole - . Mr. Itolfc A'Beeketl. ; (The following committee was tlion appointed by ballot : — Mr. Bonhett, mri Fellows, Mr. Mitchell, Mr, -Hope, -Dr. Wilkie.-Mr. j. Hcnty, and Mr. Robertson. . Tlio House then adjourned at ten miiiutes to nino o'clock till next day. ; 