THE CIVIL WAR IN AMERICA. THE DEFEAT AT MANASSAS. The following is Mr. Russell's letter describing the battle of Manassas as an eye-witness :— July 22. I sit down to give an account—not of the action yesterday, but of what I saw with my own eyes, hitherto not often deceived, and of what I heard with my own ears, which in this country are not so much to be trusted. Let me, how ever, express an opinion as to the affair of yesterday. In the first place, the repulse of the Federalists, decided as it was, might have had no serious effects whatever beyond the mere failure—which politically was of greater conse- quence than it was in a military sense—but for the disgraceful conduct of the troops. The re- treat on their lines at Centreville seems to have ended in a cowardly route—a miserable, causeless panic. Such scandalous behaviour on the part of soldiers I should have considered impossible, as with some experience of camps and armies I have never, even in alarms among camp followers, seen the like of it. How far the disorganization of the troops extended I know not ; but it was complete in the instance of more than ono regi- ment. Washington this morning is crowded with soldiers without officers, who have fled from Centreville, and with " three months' men," who are going home from the face of the enemy on the expiration of their term of enlistment. The streets, in spite of the rain, are crowded by people with anxious faces, and groups of wavering politicians are assembled at the corners, in the hotel passages, and the bars. If in the pre- sent state of the troops, the Confederates were to make a march across the Potomac above Wash- ington, turning the works at Arlington, the Capitol might fall into their hands. Delay may place that event out of the range of probability. The North will, no doubt, recover the shock. Hitherto she has only said, "Go and fight for the Union." The South has exclaimed, " Let us fight for our rights." The North must put its best men into the battle, or she will inevitably fail before the energy, the personal hatred, and the superior fighting powers of her antagonist. In my letters, as in my conversation, I have en- deavoured to show that the task which the Unionists have set themselves is one of no or- dinary difficulty, but in the state of arrogance and supercilious confidence, either real or affected, to conceal a sense of weakness, one might as well have preached to the Pyramid of Cheops. Indeed, one may form some notion of the con- dition of the public mind by observing that journals conducted avowedly by men of dis- graceful personal character—the be-whipped and be-kicked and unrecognized pariahs of society in New York—are, nevertheless, in the very midst of repulse and defeat, permitted to indulge in ridiculous rhodomontade towards the nations of Europe, and to move our laughter by impotently malignant attacks on " our rotten old monarchy," while the stones of their bran new republic are tumbling about their ears. It will be amusing to observe the change of tone, for we can afford to observe and to be amused at the same time. On Saturday night I resolved to proceed to General M'Dowell's, army, as it was obvious to me that the repulse at Bull's Run and the orders of the general directed against the excesses of his soldiery indicated serious defects in his army—not more serious, however, than I had reason to believe existed. How to get out was the difficulty. The rumours of great disaster and repulse had spread through the city. The livery-stable keepers, with one exception, refused to send out horses to the scene of action—at least, the exception told me so. Senators and Congress men were going to make a day of it, and all the vehicles and horses that could be procured were in requisition for the scene of action. This curiosity was aroused by the story that M'Dowell had been actually ordered to make an attack on Manassas, and that General Scott had given him till twelve o'clock to be master of Beauregard's lines. If General Scott ordered the attack at all, I venture to say he was merely the mouthpiece of the mora violent civilians of the Government, who mistake intensity of feeling for military strength The consequences of the little skirmish at Bull's Run, ending in the repulse of the Federalists, were much exaggerated, and their losses were put down at any figures the fancy of the individual item who was speaking suggested. " I can assure you, sir, that the troops had 1,500 killed and wounded, I know it." I went off to the head-quarters, and there General Scott's aide informed me General M'Dowell's official report gave six killed and thirty-seven wounded. The livery keepers stuck to the 1,500 or 2,000. The greater the number hors de combat, the higher the tariff for the hire of quadrupeds. All I could do was to get a kind of cabriolet, with a seat in front for the driver, to which a pole was affixed for two horses, at a Derby day price, and a strong led horse, which Indian experiences have induced me always to rely upon in the neighbourhood of uncertain fighting. I had to enter into an agreement with the owner to pay him for horses and buggy if they were "captured or injured by the enemy," and though I smiled at his precautions, they proved not quite unreasonable. The master made no provision for indemnity in the case of injury to the driver, or the coloured boy who rode the saddle horse. When I spoke with officers at General Scott's head-quarters of the expedition, it struck me they were not at all sanguine about the result of the day, and one of them said as much as in- duced me to think he would advise me to remain in the city, if he did not take it for granted it was part of my duty to go to the scene of action. An English gentleman who accompanied me was strongly dissuaded from going by a colonel of cavalry on the staff, because, he said, " the troops are green, and no one can tell what may happen." But my friend got his pass from General Scott, who was taking the whole affair of Bull's Run and the pressure of the morrow's work with perfect calm, and wo started on Sunday morning—not so early as wo ought, perhaps, which was none of my fault—for Centreville, distant about twenty-five miles south-west of Washington. I purposed starting in the beautiful moonlight, so as to arrive at M'Dowell's camp in the early dawn, but the aides could not or would not give us the countersign over the Long- bridge, and without it no one could get across till after five o'clock in the morning. When M'Dowell moved away he took so many of the troops about Arlington that the camps and forts are rather denuded of men. I do not give, as may be observed, the names of regiments, unless in special cases—first, because they possess little interest, I conceive, for those in Europe who read these letters ; and, secondly, because there is an exceedingly complex system—at least, to a foreigner—of nomenclature in the forces, and one may make a mistake between a regiment of volunteers and a regiment of State militia of the same number, or even of regulars in the lower figures. The soldiers lounging about the forts and over the Long Bridge across the Potomac were an exceedingly unkempt "loafing" set of fellows, who handled their firelocks like pitch- forks and spades, and I doubt if some of those who read or tried to read our papers could under- stand them, as they certainly did not speak English. The Americans possess excellent work- ing materials, however, and I hate had occasion repeatedly to remark the rapidity and skill with which they construct earthworks. At the Vir- ginia side of the Long Bridge there is now a very strong tete de pont, supported by the regular- redoubt on the hill over the road. These works did not appear to be strongly held, but it is pos- sible men were in the tents near at hand, de- serted though they seemed, and at all events reinforcements could be speedily poured in, if necessary. The long and weary way was varied by different pickets along the road, and by the examination of our papers and passes at different points. But the country looked vacant in spite of crops of Indian corn, for the houses were shut up, and the few indigenous people whom wo met looked most blackly under their brows at the supposed Abolitionists. This portion of Virginia is well wooded, and undulating in heavy regular waves of field and forest ; but the roads are deeply cut, and filled with loose stones, very disagreeable to ride or drive over. The houses are of wood, with the usual negro huts adjoining them, and the specimens of the race which I saw were well dressed and not ill-looking. On turning into one of the roads which leads to Fairfax Court-house and to Centreville beyond it the distant sound of cannon reached us. That must have been about 9.30 a.m. It never ceased all day ; at least, whenever the rattle of the gig ceased the booming of guns rolled through the woods on our ears. One man said it began at two o'clock, but the pickets told us it had really become continu- ous about half-past seven or eight o'clock. In a few minutes afterwards, a body of men appeared on the road, with their backs towards Centreville and their faces towards Alexandria. Their march was so disorderly that I could not have believed they were soldiers in an enemy's country-for Vir- ginia hereabout is certainly so—but for their arms and uniform. It soon appeared that there was no less than an entire regiment marching away, singly, or in small knots of two or three, extend- ing for some three or four miles along the road. A Babel of tongues rose from them, and they were all in good spirits, but with an air about them I could not understand. Dismounting at a stream, where a group of thirsty men were drink- ing and halting in the shade, I asked an officer, "Where are your men going, sir?" "Well, we're going home, sir, I reckon, to Pennsylvania." It was the 4th Pennsylvania Regiment, which was on its march, as I learnt from the men. " I sup- pose there is severe work going on behind you, judging from the firing ? " " Well, I reckon, sir, there is." "We're going home," he added after a pause, during which it occurred to him, per- haps, that the movement required explanation, "because the men's time is up. We have had three months of this work." I proceeded on my way, ruminating on the feelings of a general who sees half a brigade walk quietly away on the very morning of an action, and on the frame of mind of the men, who would have shouted till they were hoarse about their beloved Union—possibly have hunted down any poor creature who ex- pressed a belief that it was not the very quint- essence of everything great and good in govern- ment and glorious and omnipotent in arms, — coolly turning their backs on it when in its ut- most peril because the letter of their engagement bound them no further. Perhaps the 4th Penn- sylvania were right, but let us hear no more of the excellence of three months' service volun- teers. And so we left them. The road was devious and difficult. There were few persons on their way, for most of the Senators and Congress men were on before us. Some few commissariat waggons were overtaken at inter- vals. Wherever there was a house by the road- side, the negroes were listening to the fire. All at once a terrific object appeared in the wood above the trees-the dome of a church or public building, apparently suffering from the shocks of an earthquake, and heaving to and fro in the most violent manner. In much doubt we ap- proached as well as the horses' minds would let us, and discovered that the strange thing was an inflated balloon attached to a car and waggon, which was on its way to enable General M'Dowell to reconnoitre the position he was then engaged in attacking—just a day too late. The operators and attendants swore as horribly as Anna's war- riors in Flanders, but they could not curse down the trees, and so the balloon seems likely to fall into the hands of the Confederates. About eleven o'clock we began to enter on the disputed terri- tory which had just been abandoned by the Secessionists to the Federalists in front of Fair- fax Court house. It is not too much to say that the works thrown up across the road were shams and make believes, and that the Confede- rates never intended to occupy the position at all, but sought to lure on the Federalists to Manassas Gap, where they were prepared to meet them. Had it been otherwise, the earthworks would have been of a different character, and the troops would have had regular camps and tents, instead of bivouac huts of branches of trees. Of course the troops of the enemy did not wish to be cut off, and so they had cut down trees to place across the road, and put some field-pieces in their earthworks to command it. On no side could Richmond be so well defended. The Con- ferates had it much at heart to induce their enemy to come to the strongest place and attack them, and they succeeded in doing so. But if the troops behaved as ill in other places as they did at Manassas, the Federalists could not have been successful in any attack whatever. In order that the preparations at Manassas may be understood, and that General Beauregard, of whose character I gave some hint at Charleston, may be known at home as regards his fitness for his work, above all as an officer of artillery and of skill in working it, in field or in position, let me insert a description of the place and of the man from a Southern paper :— " Manassas Junction, Virginia, June 7, " This place still continues the head quarters of the army of the Potomac There are many indications of an intended forward movement, the better to invite the enemy to an engagement, but the work of fortification still continues. By nature the position is one of the strongest that could have been found in the whole state. About half-way between the eastern spur of the Blue Ridge and the Potomac, below Alexandria, it commands the whole country between so per- fectly, that there is scarcely a possibility of it being turned. The right wing stretches off towards the head-waters of the Occoquan, through a wooded country, which is easily made ímpass- able by the felling of trees. The left is a rolling table land, easily commanded from the successive elevations, till you reach a country so rough and so rugged that it is a defence to itself. The key to the whole position, in fact, is precisely that point which General Beauregard chose for his centre, and which he has fortified so strongly that, in the opinion of military men, 5,000 men could there hold 20,000 at bay. The position, in fact, is fortified in part by Nature herself. It is a succession of hills, nearly equidistant from each other, in front of which is a ravine so deep and so thickly wooded, that it is passable only at two points, and those through gorges, which fifty men can defend against a whole army. It was at one of these points that the Washington Artillery (of Now Orleans) were at first encamped, and though one-half the battalion was then there, and we had only one company of infantry to support us, we slept as soundly under the protection of our guns as if we had been m a fort of the amplest dimensions. Of the fortifications superadded here by General Beauregard to those of Nature it is, of course, not proper for me to speak. The general reader, in fact, will have a sufficiently precise idea of them by conceiving a line of forts some two miles in extent, zigzag in form, with angles, salients, bastions, casemates, and everything that properly belongs to works of this kind The strength and advantages of this position at Manassas are very much increased by the fact that fourteen miles further on is a position of similar formation, while the country between is admirably adapted to the subsistence and intrenchment of troops in num- bers as largo as they can easily be manœuvred on the real battle field. Water is good and abundant, forage such as is everywhere found in the rich farming districts of Virginia, and the communica- tion with all parts of the country easy. Here, overlooking an extensive plain, watered by moun- tain streams which ultimately find their way to the Potomac, and divided into verdant fields of wheat, and oats, and corn, pasture and meadow, are the head-quarters of the advanced forces of the army of the Potomac. They are South Caro- linians, Louisianians, Alabamians, Mississippians, and Virginians, for the most part, the first two, singular enough, being in front, and that they will keep it their friends at home may rest as- sured. Never have I seen a finer body of men— men who were more obedient to discipline, or breathed a more self sacrificing patriotism. As might be expected from the skill with which he has chosen his position, and the system with which he encamps and moves his men, General Beauregard is very popular here. I doubt if Napoleon himself had more the undivided confidence of his army. By nature, as also from a wise policy, he is very reticent. Not an indi- vidual here knows his plans or a simple move of a regiment before it is made, and then only the colonel and his men know where it goes to. There is not a man hero who can give anything like a satisfactory answer how many men he has, or where his exact lines are. For the distance of fourteen miles around you see tents everywhere, and from them you can make a rough estimate of his men ; but how many more are encamped on the by-roads and in the forests none can toll. The new-comer, from what he sees at first glance, puts down the numbers at about 30,000 men ; those who have been here longest estimate his force at 40,000, 50,000, and some even at 60,000 strong. And there is the same discrepancy as to the quantity of his artillery. So close does the general keep his affairs to himself, that his left hand hardly knows what his right hand doeth, and so jealous is he of this prerogative of a com- manding officer that I verily believe, if he sus- pected his coat of any acquaintance with the plans revolving within him, he would cast it off." It was noon when we arrived at Fairfax Court-house—a poor village of some thirty or forty straggling wooden and brick houses, deriv- ng its name from the building in which the circuit court of the county is hold, I believe, and looking the reverse of flourishing—and one may remark, obiter, that the state of this part of Virginia cannot be very prosperous, inasmuch as there was not a village along the road up to this point, and no shops or depots, only ono mill, one blacksmith and wheelwright. The village was held by a part of the reserve of M'Dowell's force, possibly 1,000 strong. The inhabitants were, if eyes spoke truth, Secessionists to a man, woman, and child, and even the negroes looked extra black, as if they did not care about being fought for. A short way beyond this village, Ger- mantown, the scene of the recent excesses of the Federalists, afforded evidence in its blackened ruins that General M'Dowell's censure was more than needed. Let me interpolate it, if it be only to show that General Beauregard and his rival are at least equal in point of literary power as masters of the English tongue :— " Head-quarters Department of Virginia, Fairfax Court-house, July l8, " GENERAL ORDERS, NO. l8. " It is with the deepest mortification the gene- ral commanding finds it necessary to reiterate his orders for the preservation of the property of the inhabitants of the district occupied by the troops under his command. Hardly had we arrived at this place, when, to the horror of every right minded person, several houses were broken open, and others were in flames, by the act of some of those who, it has been the boast of the loyal, came here to protect the oppressed, and free the country from the domination of a hated party. The property of this people is at the mercy of troops who, we rightly say, are the most intelligent, best educated, and most law- abiding of any that ever were under arms. But do not, therefore, the acts of yesterday cast the deepest stain upon them? It was claimed by some that their particular corps were not en- gaged in these acts. This is of but little mo- ment; since the individuals are not found out, we are all alike disgraced. Commanders of re- giments will select a commissioned officer as a provost-marshal, and ten men as a police force under him, whoso special and solo duty it shall be to preserve the property from depredations, and to arrest all wrongdoers, of whatever regi- ment or corps they may be. Any one found committing the slightest depredation—killing pigs or poultry, or trespassing on the property of the inhabitants will be reported to head-quarters, and the least that will be done to them will be to send them to the Alexandria gaol. It is again ordered that no one shall arrest or attempt to arrest any citizen not in arms at the time, or search or attempt to search any house, or even to enter the same, without permission. The troops must behave themselves with as much for- bearance and propriety as if they were at their own homes. They are here to fight the enemies of the country, not to judge and punish the un- armed and defenceless, however guilty they may be. When necessary, that will be done by the proper person. By command of General M'Dowell, " JAMES B. FRY, "Assistant Adjutant-General." The chimney stacks being of brick are the sole remains of the few good houses in the village. Here our driver made a mistake, which was the rather persisted in that a coloured chattel in- formed us we could get to Centreville by the route we were pursuing, instead of turning back to Germantown, as wo should have done. Centre- ville was still seven miles ahead. The guns sounded, however, heavily from the valleys. Rising above the forest tops appeared the blue masses of the Alleghanies, and we knew Manassas was somewhere on an outlying open of the ridges, which reminded me in colour and form of the hills around the valley of Baidar. A Vir- ginian who came out of a cottage, and who was assuredly no descendant of Madame Esmond told us that we were " going wrong right away ." There was, he admitted, a by- road somewhere to the left front, but people who had tried its depths had returned to Germantown with the conviction that it led to any place but Centreville. Our driver, however, wished to try "if there were no Sechesers about ? " " What did you say ? " quoth the Virginian. " I want to know if there are any Secessionists there ?" " Seces- sionist !" (in a violent surprise, as if he had heard of them for the first time in his life) ". No, Sir-ree ! Secessionists, indeed !" And all this time Beauregard and Lee were pounding away on our left front some six or seven miles off. The horses retraced their steps, the coloured youth who bestrode my charger complaining that the mysterious arrangement which condemns his race to slavery was very much abraded by the action of that spirited quadruped, combined or rather at variance with the callosities of the English saddle. From Germantown onwards by the right road there was nothing very remark- able. At one place a group of soldiers were buying "Secession money" from some negroes, who looked as if they could afford to part with at as cheaply as men do who are dealing with other people's properly. Buggies and waggons (Anglicé, carriages), with cargoes of senators, were overtaken. The store carts became more numerous. At last Centreville appeared in sight — a few houses on our front, beyond which rose a bald hill, the slopes covered with bivouac huts, commissariat carts, and horses, and the top crested with spectators of the fight. The road on each side was full of traces of Confederate camps; the houses were now all occupied by Federalists. In the rear of the hill was a strong body of infantry— two regiments of foreigners, mostly Germans, with a battery of light artillery. Our buggy was driven up to the top of the hill. The coloured boy was despatched to the village to look for a place to shelter the horses while they were taking a much-required feed, and to procure, if possible, a meal for himself and the driver. On the hill there were carriages and vehicles drawn up, as if they were attending a small country race. They were afterwards engaged in a race of another kind. In one was a lady with an opera glass ; in and around and on others were legislators and politicians. There were also a few civilians on horseback, and on the slope of the hill a regiment had stacked arms, and was engaged in looking at and commenting on the battle below. The landscape in front was open to the sight as far as the ranges of the Alleghanies, which swept round from the right in blue mounds, the colour of which softened into violet in the distance. On the left the view was circumscribed by a wood, which receded along the side of the hill on which we stood to the plain below. Between the base of this hill, which rose about 150ft. above the general level of the country, and the foot of the lowest and nearest elevation of the opposite Alle- ghanies extended about five miles, as well as I could judge, of a densely-wooded country, dotted at intervals with green fields and patches of cleared lands. It was marked by easy longitudi- nal undulations, indicated by the form of the forests which clothed them, and between two of the more considerable ran small streams, or " runs," as they are denominated, from the right to the left. Close at hand a narrow road, descending the hill, went straight into the forest, where it was visible now and then among the trees in cream-coloured patches. The road was filled with commissariat waggons, the white tops of which were visible for two miles in our front. On our left front a gap in the lowest chain of the hills showed the gap of Manassas, and to the left and nearer to us lay the " Junction" of the same name, where the Alexandria Railway unites with the rail from the west of Virginia, and continues the route by rails of various denominations to Richmond. The scene was so peaceful a man might well doubt the evidence of one sense that n great contest was being played out below in bloodshed, or imagine, as Mr. Seward sometimes does, that it was a delusion when he wakes in the morning and finds there is civil war upon him. But the cannon spoke our loudly from the green bushes, and the plains below were mottled, so to speak, by puffs of smoke and by white rings from bursting shells and capricious howitzers. It was no review that was going on beneath us. The shells gave proof enough of that, though the rush of the shot could not be heard at the distance. Clouds of dust came up in regular lines through the tree-tops where infantry were acting, and now and then their wavering mists of light blue smoke curled up, and the splutter of musketry broke through the booming of the guns. With the glass I could detect now and then the flash of arms through the dust clouds in the open, but no one could tell to which side the troops who were noting belonged, and I could only judge from the smoke whether the guns were fired towards r away from the hill. It was evident that the dust in the distance on our right extended beyond that which rose from the Federalists. The view towards the left, as I have said, was interrupted, but the firing was rather more heavy there than on the front or right flank, and a glade was pointed out in the forest as the beginning of Bull's or Poole's Run, on the other side of which the Confederates were bid in force, though they bad not made any specific reply to the shells thrown into their cover early in the morning. There seemed to be a continuous line, which was held by thy enemy, from which came steady, solid firing against what might be supposed to be heads of columns stationed at various points, or advancing against them. It was necessary to feed the horses, and give them some rest, after a hot drive of some twenty-six or twenty-seven miles, or I would have proceeded at once to the front. As I was watching the faces of the senators and congressmen, I thought I had heard or read of such a scene as this ; but there was much more to come. The soldiers, who followed each shot will remarks in English or German, were not as eager as men generally are in watching a fight. Once, as a cloud of thick smoke ascended from the trees, a man shouted out, " That's good; we've taken another battery ; there goes the magazine." But it looked like, and I believes was, the explosion of a caisson. In the midst of our little reconnaissance Mr. Vizetelly, who has been living and, indeed, marching with one of the regiments as artist of the Illustrated London News, came up and told us the action had been commenced in splendid style by the Federalists, who had advanced steadily, driving the Con- federates before them—a part of the plan, as I firmly believe, to bring them under the range of their guns. He believed the advantages on the Federal side were decided, though won with hard fighting, and he had just come up to Centreville to look after something to eat and drink, and to procure little necessaries, in case of need, for his comrades. His walk very probably saved his life. Having seen all that could be discerned through our glasses, my friend and myself had made a feast on our sandwiches in the shade of the buggy; my horse was eating and resting, and I was forced to give him half an hour or more before I mounted, and meantime tried to make out the plan of battle, but all was obscure and dark. Sud- denly up rode an officer, with a crowd of soldiers after him, from the village, "We've whipped them on all points !" he shouted, " We've taken their batteries, and they're all retreating !" 'Such an uproar as followed. The spectators and the men cheered again and again, amid cries of " Bravo !" " Bully for us !" " Didn't I tell you so ?" and guttural " hochs" from the Deutschland folk, and loud " hurroos" from the Irish. Soon afterwards my horse was brought up to the hill, and my friend and the gentleman I have already mentioned set out to walk towards the, front— the latter to rejoin his regiment if possible, the former to get a closer view of the proceedings. As I turned down into the narrow road, or lane, already mentioned, there was a forward movement among the large four-wheeled tilt waggons, which raised a good deal of dust. My attention was particularly called to this by the occurrence of a few minutes afterwards. I had met my friends on the road, and after a few words rode forward at a long trot as well as I could past the waggons and through the dust, when suddenly there arose a tumult in front of me at a small bridge across the road, and then I perceived the drivers of a set of waggons with the horses turned towards me, who were en- deavouring to force their way against the stream of vehicles setting in the other direction. By the side of the now set of waggons there were a number of commissariat men and soldiers, when at first sight I took to be the baggage guard. They looked excited and alarmed, and were running by the side of the horses ; in front the dust quite obscured the view. At the bridge the currents met in wild disorder. " Turn back! Retreat !" shouted the men from the front, " We're whipped, we're whipped ! " They cursed and tugged at the horses' heads, and struggled with frenzy to get past. Running by me on foot was a man with the shoulder-straps of an officer. " Pray what is the matter, sir ?" "It means we're pretty badly whipped, and that's a fact," he blurted out in puffs, and continued his career. I ob- served that he carried no sword. The teamsters of the advancing waggons now caught up the cry. "Turn back—turn your horses" was the shout up the whole line, and backing, plunging, rear- ing, and kicking, the horses which had been proceeding down the road reversed front, and went off towards Centreville. Those behind them went madly rushing on, the drivers being quite indifferent whether glory or disgrace led the way, provided they could find it. In the midst of this extraordinary spectacle an officer, escorted by some dragoon, rode through the ruck with a light cart in charge. Another officer on foot, with his sword under his arm, ran up against ma. "What is all this about?" "Why, we're pretty badly whipped. We're all in retreat. There's General Tyler there badly wounded." And on he ran. There came yet another, who said, " We're beaten on all points. The whole army is in retreat." Still there was no flight of troops no retreat of an army, no reason for all this pre- cipitation. True, there were many men in uniform flying towards the rear, but it did not appear as if they were beyond the pro- portions of a large baggage escort. I got my horse up into the field out of the road, and went on rapidly towards the front. Soon I met soldiers who were coming through the corn, mostly without arms; and presently saw fire- locks, cooking tins, knapsacks, and greatcoats on the ground, and observed that the confusion and speed of the baggage-carts became greater, and that many of them were crowded with men, or were followed by others, who clung to them. The ambulances were crowded with soldiers, but it did not look as if there were many wounded. Negro servants on led horses dashed frantically past ; men in uniform whom it were a disgrace to the profession of arms to call "soldiers," swarmed by on mules, chargers, and even draught horses, which had been cut out of carts or waggons, and went on with harness clinging to their heels, as frightened as their riders. Men literally screamed with rage and fright when their way was blocked up. On I rode, asking all " What is all this about ?" and now and then, but rarely, receiving the answer, "We're whipped ;" or, " We're repulsed." Faces black and dusty, tongues out in the heat, eyes staring —it was a most wonderful sight. On they came, like him " — who having once turned round goes on, " And I turns no more his head, " For he knoweth that a fearful fiend] " Doth close behind him tread " But where was the fiend? I looked in vain. There was, indeed, some cannonading in front of me, and in their rear, but still the firing was com- paratively distant, and the runaways were far out of range. As I advanced the number of carts diminished, but the mounted men increased, and the column of fugitives became denser. A few buggies and light waggons filled with men, whose faces would have made up " a grout Leporello" in the ghost scene, tried to pierce the rear of the mass of carts, which were now solidified and moving on like a glacier. I crossed a small ditch by the roadside, got out on the road to escape some snake fences, and, looking before me, saw there was still a crowd of men in uniforms coming along. The road was strewn with articles of clothing—firelocks, waist-belts, cartouch-boxes, caps, great coats, mess-tins, musical instruments, cartridges, bayonets and sheaths, swords and pistols —even biscuits, water- bottles, and pieces of meat. Passing a white house by the road-side, I saw for the first time a body of infantry with sloped arms marching re- gularly and rapidly towards me. Their faces were not blackened by powder, and it was evi- dent they had not been engaged. In reply to a question a non commissioned officer told me in broken English, " We fall back to our lines ; the attack did not quite succeed. " This was assuring to ono who had come through such a scene as I had been witnessing. I had ridden, I suppose, about three or three and a-half miles from the hill, though it is not possible to be sure of the dis- tance , when, having passed the white house I camo out on an open piece of ground, beyond and circling which was forest. Two field pieces were unlimbered and guarding the road ; the panting and jaded horses in the rear looked as though they had been hard-worked, and the gunners and drivers looked worn and dejected. Dropping shots sounded close in front through the woods ; but the guns on the left no longer maintained their fire. I was just about to ask one of the men for a light when a sputtering fire on my right attracted my atten- tion, and out of the forest or along the road rushed a number of men. The gunners seized the trail of the nearest piece to wheel it round upon them, others made for the tumbrils and horses as if to fly, when a shout was raised, "Don't fire ; they're our own men;" and in a few minutes on came pell-mell a whole regiment in disorder. I rode across one and stopped him. " We're pursued by cavalry," he gasped, "They've cut us all to pieces." As he spoke a shell burst over the column ; another dropped on the road, and out streamed another column of mon, keep- ing together with their arms, and closing up the stragglers of the first regiment. I turned, and to my surprise saw the artillerymen lad gone off, leaving one gun standing by itself. They had ra- treated with their horses. While we were on the hill I had observed and pointed out to my com- panions a cloud of dust which rose through the trees on our right front. In my present position that place must have been on the right rear, and it occurred to me that after all there really might be a body of cavalry in that direction ; but Murat himself would not have charged these waggons in that deep, well-fenced lane. If the dust came, as I believe it did, from field artillery, that would be a different matter. Any way, it was now well established that the retreat had really commenced, though I saw but few wounded men, and the regiments which were falling back had not suffered much loss No ono seemed to know any- thing for certain. Even the cavalry charge was a rumour. Several officers said they had carried guns and lines, but then they drifted into the nonsense which one reads and hears everywhere about " masked batteries." One or two talked more sensibly about the strong positions of the enemy, the fatigue of their men, the want of a reserve, severe losses, and the bad conduct of certain regiments. Not one spoke as if he thought of retiring beyond Centreville. The clouds of dust rising above the woods marked the retreat of the whole army, and the crowds of fugi- tives continued to steal away along the road. The sun was declining, and some thirty miles yet remained to be accomplished ere I could hope to gain the shelter of Washington. No one knew whither any corps or regiment was marching, but there were rumours of all kinds:—-" The 69th are cut to pieces;" "The Fire Zouaves are des- troyed," and so on. Presently a tremour ran through the men by whom I was riding, as the sharp reports of some field pieces rattled through the wood close at hand. A sort of subdued roar, like the voice of distant breakers, rose in front of us, and the soldiers, who were, I think, Germans, broke into a double, looking now and then over their shoulders. There was no choice for me but to resign any further researches. The mail from Washington for the Wednesday steamer at Boston leaves at 2 30 on Monday, and so I put my horse into a trot, keeping in the fields along- side the roads as much as I could, to avoid the fugitives, till I came once more on the rear of the baggage and store carts, and the pressure of the crowd, who, conscious of the aid which the vehicles would afford them against a cavalry charge, and fearful, never- theless, of their proximity, clamoured and shouted like madmen as they ran. The road was now literally covered with baggage. It seemed to me as if the men inside wore throwing the things out purposely. "Stop," cried I, to the driver of one of the carts, "everything is filling out" "—— you," shouted a fellow inside, "if you stop him I'll blow your brains out." My attempts to save Uncle Sam's pro- perty were then and there discontinued. On approaching Centreville, a body of German infantry of the reserve came marching down, and stemmed the current in some degree, they were followed by a brigade of guns and another bat- talion of fresh troops. I turned up on the hill half a mile beyond. The vehicles had all left but two—my buggy was gone. A battery of field guns was in position where we had been standing. The men looked well. As yet there was no- thing to indicate more than a retreat, and some ill-behaviour among the waggoners and the riffraff of different regiments Centreville was not a bad position properly occupied, and I saw no reason why it should not be held if it was meant to renew the attack, nor any reason why the attack should not be renewed, if there had been any why it should have been made. I swept the field once more. The clouds of dust were denser and nearer. That was all. There was no firing—no musketry. I turned my horse's head, and rode away through the village, and after I got out upon the road the same confusion seemed to prevail. Suddenly the guns on the hill opened, and at the same time came the thuds of artillery from the wood on the right rear. The stampede then became general. What occurred at the hill I cannot say, but all the road from Centreville for miles presented such a sight as can only be witnessed in the track of the run- aways of an utterly demoralized army. Drivers flogged, lashed, spurred, and beat their horses, or leaped down and abandoned their teams, and ran by the side of the road, mounted men, servants, and men in uniform, vehicles of al! forts, commissariat waggons, thronged the narrow ways. At every shot a convulsion as it were seized upon the morbid mass of bones, sinew, wood, and iron, and thrilled through it, giving new energy and action to its desperate efforts to got free from itself. Again the cry of "Cavalry" arose, " What are you afraid of ?" said I to a man who was gunning beside me. " I'm not afraid of you, replied the ruffian, levelling his piece at me, and pulling the trigger. It was not loaded or the cap was not on, for the gun did not go off. I was unarmed, and I did go off as fast as I could, resolved to keep my own counsel for the second time that day. And so the flight went on. At one time a whole mass of infantry, with fixed bayonets, ran down the bank of the road, and some falling as they ran must have killed and wounded those among whom they fell. As I knew the road would soon become impassable or blocked up, I put my horse to a gallop and passed on towards the front. But mounted men still rode faster, shouting out. " Cavalry are coming." Again I ventured to speak to some officers whom I overtook, and said, " If these runaways are not stopped, the whole of the posts and pickets into Washington will fly also !" One of them, with- out saying a word, spurred his horse, and dashed on in front. I do not know whether he ordered the movement or not, but the van of the fugitives was now suddenly checked, and, pressing on through the wood at the roadside, I saw a regiment of infantry blocking up the way, with their front towards Centreville. A musket was levelled at my head as I pushed to the front:— " Stop, m I'll fire." At the same time, the officers were shouting out, " Don't let a soul pass." I addressed ono of them, and said, "Sir, I am a British subject ; I am not, I assure you, running away. I have done my best to stop this disgraceful rout (as I had), and have been telling them there are no cavalry within miles of them." " I can't let you pass, sir. " I bethought me of General Scott's pass. The adjutant read it, and the word was given along the line, " Let that man pass !" and so I rode through, uncertain if I could now gain the Long Bridge in time to pass over without the countersign. It was about this time I met a cart by the roadside, surrounded by a group of sol- diers, some of whom had "69" on their caps. The owner, as I took him to be, was in great distress, and cried out as I passed, "Can you tell me, sir, where the 69th are ? These men say they are cut to pieces." " I can't tell you." "I'm in charge of the mails, sir, and I will deliver them if I die for it. You are a gentleman, and I can depend on your word. Is it safe for me to go on ?" Not knowing the extent of the debacle, I assured him it was, and asked the men of the regiment how they happened to be there, "Shure, the colonel himself told us to go off every man on his own hook, and to fly for our lives," replied one of them. The mail agent, who told me he was an Englishman, started the cart again. I sincerely hope no bad result to himself or his charge followed my advice. I reached Fairfax Court- house, the people, black and white, with anxious faces, were at the doors, and the infantry were under arms, I was besieged with questions, though hundreds of fugitives had passed through before me. At one house, I stopped to ask for water for my horse ; the owner sent his servant for it cheerfully, the very house where we had in vain asked for something to eat in the forenoon. " There's a fright among them," I observed, in reply to his question respecting the commissariat drivers. " They're afraid of the enemy's cavalry " "Are you an American?'' said the man "No, I am not. " " Well, then," he said, " there will be cavalry on them soon enough. There's 20,000 of the best horsemen in the world in Virginny !" Washington was still eighteen miles away. The road was rough and uncertain, and again my poor steed was under way ; but it was no use trying to out- strip the runaways. Once or twice I imagined I heard guns in the rear, but I could not be sure of it, in consequence of the roar of the flight be- hind me. It was most surprising to see how far the foot soldiers had contrived to get on in ad- vance. After sunset the moon rose, and amid other acquaintances, I jogged alongside an officer who was in charge of Colonel Hunter, the commander of a brigade, I believe, who was shot through the neck, and was inside a cart, escorted by a few troopers. This officer was, as I understood, the major, or second in command, of Colonel Hun- ter's regiment, yet he had considered it right to take charge of his chief, and to leave his bat- talion. He said they had driven back the enemy with ease, but had not been supported, and blamed—as bad officers and good ones will do—the conduct of the general : " So mean a fight I never saw." I was reminded of a Cri- mean general who made us all merry by say- ing after the first bombardment, " In the whole course of my experience, I never saw a siege conducted on such principles as these " Our friend had been without food, but not, I suspect, without drink—and that, we know, affects empty stomachs very much—since two o'clock that morning. Now, what is to be thought of an officer—gallant, he may be, as steel—who says, as I heard this gentleman say to a picket who asked him how the day went in front, "Well, we've been licked into a cocked hat ; knocked to —." This was his cry teamsters, escorts, convoys, the officers, and men on guard and de- tachment, while I, ignorant of the disaster be- hind, tried to mollify the effect of the news by adding, " Oh, it's a drawn battle. The troops are re-occupying the position from which they started in the morning." Perhaps he knew his troops better than I did. It was a strange ride, through a country now still as death, the white road shining like a river in the moonlight, the trees black as ebony in the shade, now and then a figure flitting by into the forest or across the road —frightened friend or lurking foe, who could say? Then the anxious pickets and sentries all asking, " What's the news ?" and evidently pre- pared for any amount of loss. Twice or thrice we lost our way, or our certainty about it, and shouted at isolated houses, and received no reply except from angry watch-dogs. Then we were sot right as we approached Washington by teamsters. For an hour, however, we seemed to be travelling along a road which in all its points far and near was twelve miles from the Long Bridge. Up hills, down into valleys, with the silent grim wood for ever by our sides. Now and then in the profound gloom, broken only by a spark from the horse's hoof, came a dull but familiar sound like the shutting of n distant door. As I approached Washington, having left the colonel and his escort at some seven milos on the south side of the Long Bridge, I found the grand guards, picket posts, and individual sentries burning for news, and the word used to pass along, "What does that man say, Jack ?" " Begorra, he tells me we're not bet at all—only retraiting to the ould lines for convaniency of fighting to morrow again. Oh, that's iligant !" On getting to the tete de pont, however, the coutersign was demanded; of course, I had not got it. But the officer passed me through on the production of General Scott's safeguard. The lights of the city were in sight and reflected on the waters of the Potomac, just glistened by the clouded moon, and shone the gay lamps of the White House, where the President was probably entertaining some friends. In silence I passed over the Long Bridge. Some few hours later it quivered under the steps of a rabble of unarmed men. At the Washington end a regiment with piled arms were waiting to cross over into Vir- ginia, singing and cheering. Before the morning they received orders, I believe, to assist in keep- ing Maryland quiet. For the hundredth time I repeated the cautious account, which to the best of my knowledge was true. There were men, women, and soldiers to hear it. The clocks had just struck eleven p.m. as I passed Willard's. The pavement in front of the hall was crowded. The rumours of defeat had come in, but few of the many who had been fed upon lies and the reports of complete victory which pre- vailed could credit the intelligence. Seven hours had not elapsed before the streets told the story. The "Grand Army of the North," as it was called, had representatives in every thoroughfare, without arms, orders, or officers, standing out in the drenching rain. When all these most unaccountable phenomena were occurring, I was fast asleep, but I could scarce credit my informant in the morning, when he told me that the Federalists, utterly routed, had fallen back upon Arlington to defend the capital, leaving nearly five batteries of artillery, 8,000 muskets, immense quantities of stores and bag- gage, and their wounded and prisoners in the hands of the enemy ! Let the American journals tell the story their own way. I have told mine as I know it. It has rained incessantly and heavily since early morning, and the country must be unfit for operations ; otherwise, if Mr. Davis desired to press his ad- vantage, he might now be very close to Ar- lington Heights. He has already proved that he has a fair right to be considered the head of a " belligerent power." But, though the North may reel under the shock, I cannot think it will make her desist from the struggle, unless it be speedily followed by blows more deadly even than the repulse from Manas- sas. There is much talk now (of " masked bat- teries," of course) of outflanking, and cavalry, and such matters. The truth seems to be, that the men were overworked, kept out for twelve or fourteen hours in the sun, exposed to long- range fire, badly officered, and or deficient regimental organization. Then came a most difficult ope- ration—to withdraw this army, so constituted, out of action in face of an energetic enemy who had repulsed it. The retirement of the baggage, which was without adequate guards, and was in the hands of ignorant drivers, was misunderstood and created alarm, and that alarm became a panic, which became frantic on the appearance of the enemy, and on the opening of their guns on the runaways. But the North will be all the more eager to retrieve this disaster, although it may divert her from the scheme which has been suggested to her, of punishing England a little while longer. The exultation of the South can only be understood by those who may see it ; and if the Federal Government per- severes in its design to make union by force, it may prepare for a struggle, the result of which will leave the Union very little to fight for. More of the "battle" in my next. I pity the public across the water, but they must be the victims of hallucinations and myths it is out of my power to dispel or rectify just now. Having told so long a story, I can scarcely expect your readers to have patience, and go back upon the usual diary of events ; but the records, such as they are, of this extraordinary repulse, must command attention. It is impossible to exag- gerate their importance. No man can predict the results, or pretend to guess at them. 