mn. gprcnn ruul bis confreres of'tllo old League put themselves 'up as the special respecters of property. They never ha rangue ' their followers without many wordy cautions against infractions of the eighth commandment, and usually wind up with a bombastic assertion that the first man who is found plundering the;/ will be his executioners 1 They desire to let the world know that in their ethics an absti nence from picking and stealing is the highest-virtue.; — If- violenthands.are.kept. off our neighbours' property, it is all that is expected of us, and we shall pass through the' world without censure, and fulfil the chief duty required of the good citizen and loyal subject. But these ex cellent admonitions to act honestly gene rally come a day after the fair, when the Work of destruction, if not of 'appropria tion, is complete, and the brutal mind is satiated with pulling dowu and burning the property and chattels of unoffending people. To cast oil. upon the troubled waters is evidently no part of the mission' of these Burrangong agitators, but their vocation is rather to let the yeasty waves fret and chafe until they have spent their fury aud accomplished all the mischief they are capable of effecting. If Air. Spicer is the persuasive Reclaimer and the powerful leader as is represented, and if he is sincere in his pleadings in behalf of property, how comes it that he has never intercepted the acts of destruction and cruelty which have stained the infant annals of this gold-field ? Mo; it was no part of the policy of Air. Spicer to do so. He appears in every last act of the drama with a sc//-saving speech. And even then he does not care to wholly stay the march of demolition; for while bidding his purblind followers to preserve the peace and refrain from robbing, he re- minds them of what he terms their wrongs, and what, with equal truth, ho charac terises as their rights. The last oration of our Alarc Antony was delivered at the burial of the insurgent Luptou, and, like his archetype, - lie as cunningly- did all that laid within his power to stir up his " good, sweet friends to a sudden flood of mutiny," while he enjoined them to go to their homes. Had Mr. Spicer de sired no " scene," he would at once have absented himself from the funeral of 'the unfortunate man, and have permitted it to pass over without a political signifi cation. But was this opportunity to be lost? Air. Spicer has studied in the dramatic school, and has a thorough knowledge of the value of " effect." AVe give him credit for knowing when to ap pear and when not to appear. The proper time for saying a thing is ol'tenpf as much consequence as is what is said, lie is cog nizant of this fact, and makes ample use of his knowledge. AVc hoard notli- ' ing of him from the time he in sulted Air. Cowper at Spring Creek, nothing of any part played by him at the "roll up" of the' 30th of June, nothing of him in the encounter of the night of the 14th July, but, presto! he appears as if newly alighted from the clouds, or arisen through a trap,- like Banquo's ghost, at a time when least looked for, but when his presence would be most " telling." "Who on earth ever expected to see the embodied spirit of the old League at the first grave that it had dug ? And for what purpose did Air. Spicer then re-appear ? Was it to point to that grave as the first fruit of that unholy alliance ? " Mot so," will Air. Spicer say, " but to stay the wrath of his followers in the work of demoli tion." Poor fool — or may be, poor knave ; his wickedness is as shallow and transparent as is his folly! The time was most appropriate for instilling fresh vigour into agitation. The tableau vivaiif would have been incomplete without the presence of the presiding Genius of Aiis- chief, and therefore he again presented himself with the old hypocritical warnings, which, while they added strength to the power of evil, shielded him, he believed, from the consequences of his own acts. How long will sensible men hazard their good repute and even their liberty . aud lives in following such a liullow char latan, who is to be found only when there is safety, ami hedges himself round with phrases a? opposite to his motive and as possibly can be imagined. Have they ever asked themselves the question — To what will all this rioting lead ? If tliey will only do that, and honestly pursue the investigation uutil a natural 'solution of the question is arrived at, tliey will be brought to no other conclusion than that those who take part in it must be losers ; that whatever may have been the result of some of the emeutes oil the continent, under British law popular disturbances have eventuated in the strengthening of that law and the discomfort of those who had tried to overthrow it. There is too much freedom under our form of government, and too many interested in its preservation to permit the success of even three thou sand insurgents. It would have been better for those foreigners who took part in the late riots had thev looked to the political condition of their native country, and reflected on the small quota of free dom they enjoyed there, before they took up arms against a sovereign whose do minions have been, and still are, an asylum for expatriated friends of liberty. In a very few days these aliens will liave the opportunity to again taste something like the military government of " fatherland," and will then be able to draw, a compari son on British soil, between the perfect freedom which exists under the civil power and the abridgment of liberty which is necessary under that of the military. Those of our countrymen who have been blinded, and so led by the subscription patriots whose enthusiasm rises as the pence pour in, will then learn that there is only a constitutional way by which their grievances can be redressed ; that agi tators on gold-fields are like their fellows elsewhere, and if anything a trifle worse, and that Air. Spicer is not an exception to the rule. Like Caliban with returning judgment, the awakened miner will exclaim " What a thrice double ass Was I, to take this fellow for a god, And worship tiiis dull fool." 