MISCELLANEOUS. A Ghost Stoiiv. — Among the friends of my family wns a young Swiss lady, who, with an only brother, had been left an orphan in her' child- hood. She was brought up, as-well' as her bro ther, by an aunt; and the children, thus thrown very much upon each other, became very strongly attached. At tho ago of twenty-two the; youth got somo appointment in India, and the terrible clay drew rierir when they'riiust'imi t.' I iioed iiot. describe the agony of .- .persons 'so circumstanced. But the mode in which.' these two sought to miti gate the anguish of separation was singular. They agreed. that if cither should die -before the young man's return, the . dead should appear, to the living. The youth departed. , Tlie young; lady liy-and- byo married a Scoteli geatleinan, aud i j quitted her homo, to be the light and ornnment of his. - She was a devoted wife, .but she never forgpt her brother. She corresponded with him regularly, nnd her bright days in all the year were those which brought her letters from India. One cold winter's day, two or three years after her marriage, she was seated at work near ri large blight fire, in tier own bedroom upstairs. It was atmut mid-day, and the room was full of light She was very busy, when some strange impulse caused her to rise her head and look round. The door, was sliuhtly open, and near tlie large antique bed stood a figure, which she, at a glance, recog nised ns that of her brother. With a cry of de light she started up, and ran' forward to meet trim, exclaiming, ' Oh, Henry ! How could you sur prise me so! You .never told me -you were com ing!' -Hut lie waved his hand sadly, in a way that forbade approach, and she remained rooted to tlie sppt. Tie advanced a step towards her, and said in a low soft voice, ' Do you remember our agreement ? I have come to fulfil it!' and approaching nearer, lie laid his hand 011 her wrist. It was icy cold, and tho touch made her shiver.' Her brother smiled, a. faint sad smile, and, again waving his hand, turned and left the room. When tlie lady recovered from a long swoon there was a mark 011 her wrist, which never left it to her dying day. .Tlie next mail from India brought a letter, informing her that her brother had died 011 the very -day, and at the very hour, when he pre sented, himself to her in her room. — Diekcus's ' Ail the Year Round' 