OUR HOLY FATHER THE POPE. The following flying-sheet has been circulated largely in Paris Always the same time in the street and at home, in the newspapers and in conversation, at church and at the pothouse, we hear nothing else but discussions on our holy father the Pope. All this noise becomes tiresome. The poor dear old man may have made some mistakes that is his misfortune ; but it is his own look-out. If, as is said, he has broken faith with his people by making promises to them which he has never kept, I think that, after having exhausted their stock of patience, they have a right to say to him, " Holy Father, we beg you a thousand pardons for leaving you, but we prefer to have for a temporal leader a brave and gallant King who keeps his word." If, as is said, he curses modern civilization, and believes that liberty is meant for him alone, what is to be done ? Is not a shrug of the shoulders the beat reply. If he mistakes obstinacy for dignity, the non pros sums for magnanimity, Castelfidardo for a glorious battle-field, the abductions of Monaro and South for acts of heroic virtue truly the infallibility of the Holy Father appears to me to be somewhat at fault. If, as is said, the Holy Father is doomed to fall headlong from the summit of his temporal power, it will only be by his own overbalance, and because he did not think it worth while to give a substructure to his edifice by deserving the love of his subjects and that is his own look-out. II. It the Holy Father followed in the steps of Christ, proving to us by his conduct that he is the first disciple of a kind and loving master. If, instead of reminding us of Peter's pence and the patrimony of the Church, he spoke to us of a celestial kingdom and of the treasures of faith and morality. If he busied himself a little less with rifled cannon, and a little more with the spiritual weapons with which he would teach us to overcome injustice, idleness and debauchery. If, following in the steps of the Lord, he would drive the vendors out of the Temple, that the whole edifice should contain only works of purity, charity, and piety. If in a word, he only gave us as a command, the holy Gospels, Oh, then we should vie with one another to give him a welcome ! A thousand voices would shout, ' Hail to the Pontiff we want ! Long live the Holy Father ! III. But if he shuts himself up in his non possumus if he refuses to take one step to place himself on a level with the age and to agree with Him who is the master of all ages, we have out one choice-to do without him. Let this alarm no one. His fall cannot hurt us, because it is not he who saves us. His name is not to be found on the lips of Jesus Christ or of the Apostles. The first Christians did without him, and were none the worse for it. In fact, he has entered the Church with his tiara resplendent with jewels, with his cortege of proud prelates, holding out his foot to be kissed by those who approach his throne! He has come dictating laws to the kings and emperors of the earth, claiming for himself alone universal supremacy ! He has come with his mouth full of invectives for his enemies, and for those who do not submit to his arbitrarjí^eerees ! He has come to abduct children from their mothers, to prohibit the clergy from marriage, to throw dis- order broadcast into the Church of God ! He has come shouting, " To arms, to arms !" and but recently we have all heard the echo of his belli a case shouts, " Stand by me, Zouaves ! Lamoriciere to the rescue ! Charge Europa in my name !" And how can he, then call himself the representative of the meek and humble Jesus, whose kingdom is not of this world, and who declined every crown, except a crown of thorns ? How dare he claim the name of Him who came not to be waited upon, but to serve 5 who had no place wherewithal to lay his head ; whose followers were the poor, and indigent, and sick ; who came only to bless us and to save us ? How dare he compare himself to Him who blessed little children, and restore them to their mothers who declare marriage honorable for all men-who has said, " Put back your swords into the scabbard, for all those who draw the sword shall perish by the sword ?" " Arid Jesus Christ said to his disciples. You know that those who rule our nations treat them with authority, and that their Princes exercise authority over them. With, you this shall not be so but otherwise. Let you not be called masters, for ye have but one Master, who is Christ, and we are all brothers." Let us, then, not trouble ourselves about the fate of the Holy Father. Let us acknowledge Jesus Christ as our only master, Yes, Jesus Christ, who gives to God only the title of Holy Father, and who has said to His disciples, ' Call no one on earth your father, for you have only one Father, who is in Heaven. Yes ; Jesus Christ, who offers himself to us as master, pontiff, interceded, and Saviour. Jesus Christ, in a word, who died, but who lives from century to century, and who promises to us an only substitute, only vicar, till He returns in person the Holy Ghost, which He gives as a guide and a consoled to all those who put their trust in Him. Let me resume Leave to those whom it concerns the right of settling the affairs of Rome. Let us not trouble ourselves about the Pope. Let us take as a guide the Holy Gospels, and as master Jesus Christ alone, 