OASTLEMAINE. OCTOBER 11, 1861. MINING- LEGISLATION. After the inevitable battle of the iactions has been fought out, and Parliament settles down to the calm consideration of its real duties, one of the subjects claiming and requiring prompt attention is legislation for the goldfields. The present act has been in operation nearly four years, and is utterly inadequate to the requirements of the present day. Vast changes have Biuce taken place. Our knowledge of the laws which di rect and regulate mining pursuits, although eitill immature, has been greatly enlarged, find this increase of knowledge has necessarily multiplied the conditions lor which legisla- t ion should be provided. Gold mining has indeed been reduced to a science as 'nearly as it is possible can be; and it is time that something less crude and unworkable than the Goldfields' Act of 1857, should be placed <i in the Statute Book. It is a little too much lor one Mining Minister after another to shake in our faces an amended act, which after engaging the attention of the press and t he mining community for a brief season, disappears like the ghost of Hamlet's father, a.t the very moment when hopes seem to be on the point of realization. Hope deferred aaaketh the heart sick, and these phantom bills have disgusted the mining community. AVe trust that Mr Humifray will atone for Ihis recent laches hy giving us something sub stantial this session. "Nothing in the Act requires more serious consideration than the existing Mining I Soard system. It never worked quite satis fiactorily, and of late it has broken down altogether. The old Local Courts were far better suited, for the purposes "they were designed to fulfil. "What is wanted is not a petty Parliament legislating upon subjects of which the members possess very imperfect i ind superficial knowledge ; but rather a ideal executive, similar to our Municipal Councils, rind other cognate institutions. The primary i junction pf such a body should be to regulate n lining affairs, aud not to rule over miners, as some of the Mining Boards presume to do. To carry out this object effectually, it; is necessary that the bounds of iis jurisdiction should be limited. At present, the districts are far too extensive ; a n assertion indirectly corroborated by the efforts .which are constantly being made by out-lying gold fields to obtain separation from the parent districts. Look, for instance, at tihe Castlemaine Mining District, as.it has recently been "altered" and .extended. Commencing at the junction of the Biver Yarra with the Kooyong-koot Creek (wher ever that intensely interesting spot may happen to be), it stretches away to tho. La Probe River, in Gipps Land, thence fetches oi wide circuit by the Dirrding Ranges to Mclvor, and from thence to the Mount Alexander ranges, then running round by Harcourt and Lookwood, to the junction of the Deep Creek and the Loddon, it follows the first named water course to Bullarook Greek, from the source of which it follows the ranges to Mount Bullancrook, thence by another classically named stream — the Djer- riwarrah — to Pentridge, and so by the Dare- bin Creek and the Tarra to the commencing point. . Here is a distriot equal in extent rto half a_ dozen English counties. How is it super vised? By twelve gentlemen, who have not the faintest, notion, of the peculiarities of three.feurtbs.of the district. over which they preside. "We impute no blame to them, when we say this. In the very nature of things it could, not he otherwise. But this is not the worst of it. It has long been felt necessary .to increase the power of the Min ing Boards. Wherever a hundred miners are located, the want of some managing authority is felt. Tal.e away all Government interference, . and straightway the men will .supply its place by impromptu legislation and an elected executive. This is the case at Gaft'ney's Creek, where that wonderful inspecting warden, Smith, has: lately distinguished himself by his decisions, a la Haroun Alraschid. He found that the diggers,' isolated in that remote region, had prepared a code of laws, for their guidance, by which. only would they be judged, and they ignored tho bye- laws of the legitimate Board at Beechworth, as unsuitable to the circumstances of their position, 1 Lat us for , a moment imagine what ' would be the result if the executive /function's, of the Mining Boards were increased, whilst the area within which -they.; have jurisdiction, remains as it is. It is proposed to enable them to appoint oflicers to carry out tho bye laws and to collect rates and fees for certain purposes. Could any oflicer enforco compli ance with unfit and objcctionablo bye laws in such a case as we have quoted ? Still, more pointedly we ask — could a whole regiment of officers collect rates in such a remote locality? And if the bye laws could he enforced, would it be wise to do so, or would it be just to compel payment of rates levied for general purposes throughout such absurdly large districts ? The fact is, tho machinery of the Mining Boards is altogether clumsy and inefficient. Whilst the districts are obviously too largo for executive purposes, they are too small for legislative purposes. AVe see uo reason why tho byelaws of the various goldfields could not be collated, and all the most important portions codified aud passed into law by the Parliament. Time was when this was impossible. We wore all in the dark upon the subject of mining legislation, and it has only been by the joint contributions of practical men in all parts of the couiitry that the elements of a congrous code have been evolved. Now it is very different. Sluicing and quartz mining, surfacing and deep einking, are better understood. What is good for the Ovens or for Bnliarat is also good for Castlemaine or Sandhurst. This portion of the duties now devolving on Mining Boards might-, therefore, be dispensed with, and the material parts of each byelaw be reduced iuto oue code, to the great, simplification of mining legislation, and for the benefit of all miners, wardens, and judges who are now bewildered by six complex and contradictory sets of byelaws. The districts could then be increased in number (payment being dispensed with) and diminished in extent, so that each Local Board would be more conversant with the work iu hand, and consequently more effect-ire. That work should be confined to the regulation and management of the district, and the time now spent in playing at Parliament would be profitably expended iu the true work of local self-government. For where is the local government principle found in a systein which elects a Board at Castlemaine to rule over half of Gipps Land ? For our part, were the functions of the Board of the nature which we have shadowed forth, we should prefer seeing a separate Board for every creek. Why should not Fryer's Creek and Kangaroo govern itself, for instance ? Why should not Taradale have its own Board, and Maldon be independent of the " Great Centre ? " Or why Bhould Daylesford be nominally presided over by a Board in Castlemaine, but practically by its one representative at that Board ? Some talk there was during the Pyke and Bailey regime of a conference of mining delegates, to consider the new Goldfields' Act, and we see by yesterday's Mining Board proceedings that the intention is re vived. We have little confidence in such expedients. If our memory serveB us, Mr Ireland attempted something of the sort and failed, most miserably, to derive any practical issue from the hybrid arrangement. More benefit would be derived from a second edition of tho Royal Commission of 1855. To know the truth it is necessary to go to the various localities, and to satisfy the sense of sight as well as that of hearing. And unless future legislation is to be a mere echo of tho present imperfect Act, it seems probable that we shall have to resort to some expedient of a similar nature. Above all, let us not have merely a lawyer made Bill. The present Act was produced by one lawyer, and it has been a real blessing to many more, but; as for the miners, w'e apprehend that theichange has been anything but a blessing to them. 