THE AFRICAN EXPEDITION. TIE Cape Towtn .Argus says :-The feel ing of 'sympathy with. an exploring expedition, no less than a missionary party, has had the effect of creating a very strong interest in the plans 'and movements of the little comnpany who are now here on their way to the newly opened regions to the north of the Zam bezi. A well-attended meeting, at which Sir George Grey presided,, the Bishop of the diocese and the missionary bishop elect unfolded their views, and sub stantial tokens of hearty-good will and. cordial sympathy'has given encourage-: ment to the devoted band, and served to speed their departure; while a re markable coincidence occurred to give point and significance to the darker: and sadder side of the animating picture. In the very same column of the jour nals which announced the' meeting which was to speed the parting of the volunteers from the Universities, ap peared'ai appeal to to the Christian public in behalf of the survivors of a party of the London Society's missionaries, seve-. ral of whom had been cut down by fever at Linyanti, on the higher part of the Zambezi, and the remainder had -set off on their homeward journey with very little prospect of either men or cattle reaching the hospitable shelter of a white man's roof. They. had proceeded overland several months since, and their brave undertaking has come to a thus untimely end. Readers 'of Livingstone's book will not need -to be told of the fe ver that haunts the low lands, and especially the Delta of the Zambesi, during the hot season of the year, nor of the destructive fly, tsetse, which is so destructive so cattle and horses. It was Livingstone himself who had advised the the party to..travel overland to a:point which he? considered to be above 'the dangerous. district. ,:lIe aririved at the appointed place. a .few.. days after . the death of 'the greater part of the party he had come to meet, and" the despair ing retreat of the- survivors. It is hoped that those who 'accompany Bidp Mac kenzie, may be-able to'escape these lan :gers.. The :Pioneer, vwhich" has arriv.ed to'take the place of the worn out and' discarded Ma Robert, ought to0 over come the da ngers of the jbar, ~ilich' is' so --serious an obstacle' to landig. inm' small' boats at the mouth of the Zam :besi, and the malaria which is so preva lent in-the Delta and lowJands, especi ally during the retirement of the flooded., waters in the months of January and February. Eighteen hours of steaming ought to bring her to the confluence of the Shire, and .another eighteen hours to place her above. the fever-laden damps of the flat country. ,And once beyond the enchanted' circle of hostile climate and unfriendly tribes, the sphere of the missionaries lies before them in a land of wondrous initerest, the bare facts of which surpass the dreams of poets. The watershed of South. Africa, which up to the tropic of Capricorn, had run in a line a little to the eastward of due north, at that point strikes across the continent in a direction a little to the northward of due west,- almost to the sea coast. The great Kalihan Desert absorbs thi~ moisture that fldos down the -south-western slopes, -and that parched and arid country ireaiises the, general idea of Africa. The north-eaist presents 'a totally different aspect. The vast interior' of Africa cut in half by the equinoctial line, is described as a region 'abounding in rivers and wodids, ferhiil soil, and seas of fresh water, It might 'bd called a basin were it not of so great elevation ; it-might be called a plain were it'; ot ifor the" existence of lef snow-covered mountains. But so luni form is'the general level the rivers can hardly :make-up- their:minds in which direction to run.'.: They communicate with each other in. the most remarkable manner, and it seems' to be a matter: of indifference to them whether they shall 'flow into one 'ocean or' the other, or evaporate slowly from some of the im mense lakes with which the country abounds. As. A the elevated table lands of the interior' fall ioff towards the sea on either coast, the descent of the rivers' is accomplished in-rapids of many miles in length and .in stupendous' falls. It was by the occurrence of unforseen cir cumstances that Dr Livingtone vias led to -attempt tlie ascent of Shire in his battered little steamer; ibut ':one result of his having done so will be to trans fer the` operations of the Universi :ties' Mission to the great lake re gion, a portibn of -which has been lately explored by Burton and Speke: Liviiigtone has sent, or is about to send for a small steamer at his own expense, for a lake 'Nyassa,- which must not be confounded with the far larger inland sea of similar name; which there is scarcely a doulit, is the source of the Nile.' A small steamer capable of being unscrewed. aind carried past; rapids and falls' would do more; he conceives; upon the lakes towards putting.a" stop to the slave trade than a'whole fleet of cruisers at sea. It would appear thuta 'chain of immense lakes: or :inland seas':of fresh water, 'extends from about 140 °south to about- 3 north, with slight interval be tween theim, forming' a natural boun dary parallel -itlr the coast, 'and capa ble of being traversed with the utmost facility. by' small steamers constructed for the purpose, and a line of commu nication almost from the Portugese set tlements 'in the south, to Abysinnia in the north. It is on the so~ithern ex tremity .of this :.strangely inteiesting country that tlie missionaries under Bi shop Mackenzie will,:ti;ke up ltheir posi tion. Every adviintage of couintryiand climate is on their side ; such valuiable. assistance as Livingstone 'and his party can render :will. be readily. afforded; they have a noble field before them, and prayers, the good ,wishes, the ma terial'aid of multitudes to support and encourage them. Their, course :will be marked with keen 'interest, for they are .pioneers of the first great duly or ganised missionary efforts' of'the English Church since the.Reformation. We bid them heartily God speed. . 'A STEWARD AND 'IS" GHosT.-'Captain: Joseph Hassock, the.master of the ship Cy clo6ps ivas sumnioned' at he' liThames Police court on November. 2l4th, itoianswer a claim' for wages by ;a black man named Peter' Pe terson.: It appeared that Peterson shipped on board the Cyclops ;t Honongk , as 'steward,' -for £: a month.: ,'Several charges were made. in answer against the steward. It was stated' by Captain. Hossack that, previous to the' .7th of' September, the steward iras slovenly, "dirty, and?3negligent. On the 8th `of September, 'when the ship was off the Cape of Good 'Hope, there wis:.a gale of 'wind, and the. steward wvas missing. Every. part of the ship: was searched, but he could not bie discoveied. It was then supposed that he had fallen' overboard and was drowned. An enitry \vas made to this effect in' the official i log-book. Eighlteeh days after this the second mate, who was in the cabin, stumbled over a man's feet in the dark, and upon obtaining a light dis 'covered the steward under ?the :table. The mate called out to 'the man at :the helm, say ing ",Bill, here's tlie :dead stewardl" Bill cme ? ?Iol.ok,- and: was so teirified that ;h·i' rushed back, and though one of- the strongest. mei in tlihe shipihd'went into?'a fit, and was ill for four days afterwards... He tliought that le had seen thoe steward's ghost. A2 Newfoundland dog, which Caiie'dowii 'at the' same time with Bill,; was struck with terror ran iback howlipngi andjiumped over-board and' ;was drowned. It turned out that the steward had been all the time in 'the 'bread locker" where :he ha'd lived concealed, but lie hadl gone out at night and procured food for 'him self." The'1oidk'e' wasin a eastly te :All' sortsiof presdrved meats and other food eiv'e' missed whie theo steward was ,concealed, but: no :one ·would have supposed that a dead stew-t ardcould'eat, and' the officeirs isupected each other ? The steward, on being: questioned,' a'dmitted: that h hhad, spoiled eveirythlng'i . 'the bread Icker, anidhad takena meat out of the panitr y." 'Tie's ismons ~ 'i` niins d lsded.' 