THE BEI?DIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED D.UJ-IJ PEOGKESSIOS, OC2 S1SST5, JJN'D OCB BEJOUSCES. SASDHUJIST, WEDNESDAY, JIX. 10, 3S01. THE ELECTION OF CHAIRMAN. THE election of a Chaircam of the Municipal Council has esc'.ted no small interest amongst the townspeople. As will be seen by oar report, the choice of the Cctr.icil has fallen upon Sir. Casey, and although there icsy be differences of opinion as to whether the gcatkman who has the greatest cl.vms has bjen selected, yet the public generally wiil come to '.he conclusion :hat in respc-ci of capacity to fill the chair a judicious selection has been made. Bat the public, while acquiescing in the result, must feel pretty well disgusted with the unblushing exhibition that has been made of J the grossest inconsisiency by worthy Councillors, j According to all accounts, Mr. Macartney J had pledged himself 10 three candidates in turn j and if that was the case he of coarse breke faith j with two. This vacillation and want of steady purpose on his part has not at all surprised us, I any more than Air. O'Keefe's extraordinary j Jim Crowism in proposing one candidate and voting for another, when he found the latter in jeopardy. Those gentlemen both acted merely according to their dispositions, and the only thing especial^- worthy of notice about the case is this that the illustration ox weakness and indecision on the one part, and of double-dealing on the other, should have been so signal and so public. However, we have no reason to complain of the result, for we are inclined to think we shall have a very good chairman, in Mr. Casey. Now that the election is over, we may state that car own opinion is most decidedly that Mr. Strick land should have been elected to the position of chairman. YTe say this wiihout the slightest disparagement to the other candidates. Mr. Stricklan 1 last year contested the position with Councillor Abbott, when the latter was elected. This gentleman had now retired. .Mr. Strickland was still a member of the Council, and had during the past year given fresh proofs of his usefulness and his zeal in the interests of the ratepayers. The latter had signified their appreciation of his merits by returning him at the head of the poll when his term of office had expired,-and what more could be desired ? Mr. Strickland is a respectable citizen, an honest, manly, and intelligent gentleman-why, then, has he been set aside for another who has not been so long in the Council, and who only stood second on the poll at the recent election ? The choice that has been made, we repeat, is a good one; but it is not that which should have been made, according to all the rules which are supposed to guide Councillors in such cases. Mr. Strickland may perhaps feel that he was as we'll out of an election in which such pitiable exhibitions have been made, but the public have a claim to consi deration in this case, and in all probability they will not feel quite satisfied at the way in which things have been conducted. We observe with some surprise that Mr. Abbott, the late Chairman of the Council, presided as chairman during the election of a successor yesterday. We do not know upon whose advice Mr. Abbott acted, but we bej to tell him that his acting in any capacity at the Council yesterday was wholly illegal. When the election of members took place, Sir. Abbott, as a retiring member, had no longer a seat in the Council, and, conseqsently was not Chairman. The absurdity of his presence must have starc-d him in the face in the person of Mr. Macartney, the new member elected in his place. In fact yesterday there was one member too many present, and we question the legality of the whole proceedings in consequence. It surely requires no argument to scow that when a man retires from a public body and another has been elected in his place, he has not the ghost of a right to sit in that body in any capacity whatever. "When Mr. Abbott himself declared the three candidates duly elected, his own connection with the Council ceased, as a matter of c:urs:\ and it is with no small surprise that we observe the Lite chairman has acied under a different supposition, and that no member of the Council took excep tion to his so acting. 