THE NO-CONFIDENCE MOTION. leBterdaj'a sitting of the Honee of Assembly was devoted to .a reconsideration of the no confidence motion, which stood adjourned from Friday last. This business, which oecuniml the whole afternoon until pa3t G o'clock, and which Vas listened to by large crowds oi persona, was reopened by Mr. Button, who made a lengthened speech, and did his best to give the subject an appearance of freshness, This it was difficult to do, seeing- how worn out all its materials were by previous discussion. But the rechauffe presented by Mr. Dutlon was spiced with some degree of skill. It con tained ingredients equally bitter to both sides of the House, and, as the honourable mem ber said, was not likely to please either, though he could inform them that he was himself very well satisfied wiih it. The now matters which Mr. Button introduced against the Government were that the offifiial 'state- ments of the Treasurer were now being fre juently called into question; and that there ivas the Woods case as an instance of the Ministry's mistakes, in addition to thofe dready brought against them. In reference o the railway goods contract he ah-o found grrai mini, wiiu me government, charging them with unbusiness-lilce conduct and grosl negligence. But the honourable member was impartial in his censure. Ilaving scolded one side he turned round, like a person who interferes in a pugilistic encounter, and began to scold the other. Ho proved, in fact, before ho sat down, that the Ministry deserved the worst that could befall them, but ihat the Opposition were altogether unfit to take upon therrselves the task of ad ministering the requisite punishment. He stated, therefore, that ho was compelled to blame bofh sides and to vote for neither. This :wocdged speech had its due eiTecr, The Op josition resented it and the Treasurer found ault with it. lint hi* severity on this point ras rendered mild by a remembrance of the lervice which Mr. Dutton did for the Minis ry by causing the adjournment of Friday, [hrough that an accession lo the number of Vrinisteriul supporters had been gained ; and t was now lclt that, however hard members' peeches might be, 'hard uords broke no -ones,' and that, let tho talk be &s; bitter as it night, there was a majority of one safe on the ide of the Treasury benches. Tim certainty as to what the result of the lebate would be Eho wed itself in thejemarks -f several honourable members who followed tlr. Dutton. Some of the speeches had vidently been got up for the occasion, and naa 10 De ueiivered under any circumstances, but it was like fighting with wooden swords! Everybody knew that the battle was decided, and that the combatants were beyond hurtin« each other. Asperities, therefore, that would have told severely in the heat of a doubtful struggle, now, except in one instance, fell flat or became changed into jocularities. Mr. Grundy, for instance, who appeared to have premeditated a savnge onslaught upon the Ministry, only produced the result of keeping . the House in a state of laughter, which did very well until he became learned, and applied to tho conduct of the Government a question from his 'friend Cicero,' which others might have applied to some honourable members' speeches, Qtiousque tandem alutere, kc. Mr. Bagof, who also sppoBed the Government, attacked their snp portere, and likened the appearance of Mr. Magarey, when in a humorous mood, to the mtrance of 'Hamlet's Ghost' with a joke in ais month — a new reading of an old play. Mr. Parkin and Mr. Bakewell supported the Ministry, and Mr. Mildred, adopted the wise roi-.rse . cf promising to support them, in apits of all their faults, if the Treasurer, in rising to speak, «rould only nnfoid hu views on the qnei tion of taxation, and give tb* Houaja promise that he would be favourable to free distillation. This, however, appeared in the Treasurer's eyes to be too high a price for even Mr. Mil dred'a vote. He therefore declined the offer, and proceeded to throw himself upon the mercy of other honourable members. His answers to the charges brought against the Ministry were briefly that Mr. Blyth would have been glad to have joined him a little while ago, though he had now discovered so many faults in him ; that the raking up of old ques tions was unmanly and contemptible; and that, with regard to the goods traffic, it was rumoured— though he did not say so -that Mr. Dlyth had * been interested in the last contract; whilst in reference .0 Fuller, his sending in three tenders, and iis other proceedings, looked like a conspiracy igainst the public eerrice— a conspiracy which lie Government were bound to protect them selves against, and thia they did by accepting tlih'd tender, though they could not have done u if they had readvertised and thus put it n the power of Fuller to mcke arrangements rith the other tenderers. These statements were repneu to by several speakers, who fol lowed in support of the motion, and the last of whom was Mr. A. Blyth, the mover. Ifc rose, smarting under the accusations of the Treasurer, and said that the inuendo as to his having been connnected with Fuller's contract was, he believed, a concoction of the Ministry— it was, in fact, 'a lie.' This offensive word, never before heard, we believe, inside the walls of the South Australian Parliament, was, on the ruling of the Speaker, at once apologized for, and Mr. Blyth afterwards expressed his deep regret that he had been led into intemperate language, but it was caused Eolely by the insinuation which had been cast upon his honour. The honourable member, in a clear, and in many respects a skilful speech, then replied to the numerous speakers who had opposed tho motion. He reviewed the general grounds on which he objected to the Parliamentary con duct of Ministers, and repeated his viewa on the goods traffic question, concerning which he also read a letter from Mr. Fuller, correcting several statements personal to himself. This ended the debate, and the motion, having been put, was lost by there being a majority of one in fivour of the Ministry— a Ministry saved by a four-horse chaise and a westerly wind. The Government have r scaped undoubtedly this time, almost by miracle. 'We do not rogret the result, because it would have been in every way inconvenient that the colony should at this time be plunged into the turmoil ol a general election. But the catastrophe of a defeat has not been averted by tha jjood generalship of the leader of the Government in the House of Assembly— the only member of the Ministry who addressed tho House yes terday. 'We have frequently had occasion to call attention to indiscretions of speech in dulged in by the Treasurer, but seldom have we ILsU-ned to ths remarks of that honourable gentleman willi J,«ss satisfaction than on the occasion of Ibis debate, when the most flippant saivasm* au.l thfl most injurious inurndops iw.« thrown in the teeth of the honourable ineinbi'rfor Gnmerarfio, who had introduced the motion, and of those who were supporting him. The ronseionsnp« that he had obtained the aid l.o nmlMi to enable him to negative the motion of the Opposition seemed to have in dueerl tho. Treasurer to assr.mo that cocka doodle-doo style of address which wo hare always looked upon as a damaging blemish in his Parliamentary oratory. There was not the slightest attempt at conciliation. How to say the most exasperating things under the pretence of not saying them appeared to be his direct and studied effort. i his failing of the Treasurer's mast be de plored by his friends who are desirous of supporting him in his official career, and who jive him credit for great industry and busi less aptitude in connection with' the duties -f his position, because it must necessarily 3ring down upon him, and through him upon )is colleagues, the censures of the Oppoai ion. There can bo no doubt that the ote of want of confidence which has ust been disposed of was chiefly directed gainst him, although the remaining mem ►6rS OI tlie flnrprnmonr «ta».-- ;««1.. j_ j it. 'Words of defiance, and heavy blows dealt out right and left without compunction, are sure to return, sooner or later, upon the heads of those who administer them. We fear that the Treasurer, in the strugsle in which he has just now but barely come off conqueror, is reaping the fruit of which ho has himself sown the seed. Although we are glad that the Government have weathered the storm for the'present, yet we have no doubt they will see that it would be scarcely worth their while to meet the Parlm ment again with so small a majority as that which they can now command in the Assembly. An appeal to the country appears to be inevi. table; but we trust it will not be made until a moro convenient period of the year than at present. , 