VARIETIES. A TEN-MILE AESIXOF ANTS AND THEIR EXPLOITS. We take the following description of the "Ba3hikouay" or reddish brown African ant nom Du Chaillu's account of his African travels -" It is their habit to march through the forest in a long and regular line, about two inches broad and often ten miles in length. All along this line are larger ants, who act as officers', stand outside the ranks, and keep this singular army in order. If they come to a place where there are no trees to shelter them from the sun, whose heat they cannot bear, they immediately build underground tunnels, through which the whole army passes in columns to the forest beyond. These tunnels are four or five feet underground, and are used only in the heat of the day or during a storm. When they get hungry, the long file spreads itself through the forest in a front line, and devours all it comes to with a fury which is quite irresistible. The elephant and gorilla fly before this attack. The black men run for their lives. Every animal that lives in their line of march is chased. They seem to understand and act upon the tactics of Napoleon, and concentrate with great speed their heaviest forces upon the point of attack. In an incredibly short space of time the house, or dog, or leopard, or deer, is overwhelmed, killed, eaten, and the bare skeleton only remains. They seem to travel night and day. Many a time have I been awakened out of a sleep, and obliged to rush from the hut and into the water to save my life, and after all suffered intolerable agony from the bites of the advance guard, who had got into my clothes. When they enter a house they clear it of all living things. Beaches are devoured in an instant. Rats and mice spring round the room in vain. An overwhelming force of ants kill a strong cast in less than a minute in spite of the most frantic struggles, and in less than another minute its bones are stripped. Every living thing in the house is devoured. They will not touch vegetable matter. Thus they are in reality very useful (as well as dangerous to the negroes, who, have their huts cleaned of all the abounding vermin, such as immense roaches and centipedes, at least several times a year. When on their march, the insect world flies before them, and I have often had the approach of a bush-house army heralded to me by this means. Wherever they go they make clean sweep, ever ascending to the tops of the highest trees in pursuit of their prey. Their manner of attack is an impetuous leap. Instantly the strong pincers are fastened, and they only let go when the piece gives a way, At such, times this little animal seems animated by a kind of fury, which causes it to disregard entirely its own safety, and to seek only the conquest of its prey. The bite is very painful. Thejnegroesrelate that criminals were in former times exposed in the path of the bushhouse ants, as the most cruel manner of putting them to death. Two very remarkable practices of theirs remain to be related. When on their line of march they must cross a stream, they throw themselves across and form a tunnel-a living tunnel connecting two trees or high bushes on opposite sides of the little stream. This is done with great speed, and is effected by a great number of ants, each of which clings with its fore claws to its next neighbour's body or hind claws. Thus they form a high, safe tubular bridge, through which the whole vast regiment marches in regular order. If disturbed, or if the arch is broken by the violence of some animal, they instantly attack the offender with the greatest animosity. The bushhouse have the sense of smell finely developed, as indeed have all the ants I know of, and they are guided very much by it. They are larger than any ant we have in America, being at least half an inch long, and are armed with very powerful fore legs and sharp jaws, with which they bite. They are red or dark brown in color. Their numbers are so great that one does not like to enter into calculations ; but I have seen one continual line passing at good speed a particular place for 12 hours. The reader may imagine for himself how many millions on millions there may have been contained here." THE WEAR AND TEAR OF THE COINAGE -We hear much said about the " waste of money," resulting from extravagant or useless, expenditure, jobbery, malversation, and other evils to which all states are more or less subject ; but there is another kind of waste to which money is exposed that is not so often noticed, and it is that arising from the wear and tear of the coinage. This is a literal and necessary waste, in connection with which, however, there are some curious and noteworthy facts. Those only who purchase old silver coin by weight are, perhaps, fully aware of the actual amount of metal lost by abrasion. The constant friction between loose pieces of money carried in the pocket finally produces the effect of removing their engraved surfaces, and leaving them plain discs. The smaller the coins the more rapid their depreciation. This arises probably from the more active circulation to which they are exposed. At first, the sharp lines left as outlines to the devices disappear, then the legends, dates, and superscription go, and eventually the uniformity of j flat surfaces entirely destitute of Mint marks is attained. If, after this disappearance of the obverse and reverse impressions of a genuine coin, it be heated to redness, the obliterated devices will again show themselves with considerable distinctness. The cause of this rather singular circumstance is not so obvious as the effect. It is due to the fact that, in coining, the figures have been produced by the inequality of the dies, and hence some parts of the coin have been more severely compressed or concentrated than others. The application of heat produces a greater expansion of the parts so compressed than of the other portions of its surface, and the outline of the inequalities of the dies rises as a sort of shadow or ghost of the departed devices. Old and worn coins may thus be made to tell the story of their birth, although time and hard work have done their best to destroy that story. The quantity of metal abraded from coins is practically lost, though of course it is not annihilated. Old picture frames which have been gilt with gold may be burnt, and the crucible in which the crema- tion is made will yield a globule of gold, but the particles of metal lost to coins by friction are apparently nowhere. Our House of Commons votes the sum of £10,000 annually for the purchase and re coinage of worn silver coin, and there is always a considerable loss to the nation by the transaction. Of course we all assist in the operation of deteriorating the coinage, and it is but fair' that we should share the expense of renewing it. Those who carry coins loosely in their pockets inflict, the heaviest amount of punishment upon them, whilst the users of porte mermaids and - to the * longevity of the currency. Whether Mr. Gladstone, by an ingenious arrangement of taxation, can so " adjust the burden " as to make it rest fairly upon the shoulders of careless and I careful money carriers, is a question we leave to the consideration of that able financier. It has been discovered by the Mint authorities that the intelligent or intelligible life of coins is much shorter than it was prior to the introduction of the railway system and cheap travelling. People move about now more frequently than they used, and so does money. Whether the former wear out sooner from their greater activity is a problem of social economists, but that the latter does is certain. Towards the close of the last century careful experiments deduced the fact that deteriora- tion among ten-year old silver coins of the various denominations was as follows Crowns, Sid per cent. ; half-crowns, 10 per cent. ; shillings 248 per cent. and sixpences, 33 2-10ths per cent. Now the loss is nearly as follows, on coins of the same age Crowns, 5 per cent. ; half-crowns, 12 per cent. ; shillings, 30 per cent. ; sixpences, 45 per cent. and threepences, over 80 per cent. 1 This increase is evidently due to "fast living," so to speak, and the weakest individuals, or at any rate the smallest, suffer most from its consequences. The gold coinage does not deteriorate in anything like the same ratio, and this from obvious causes. It is not subjected to anything like the same course of treatment. It moves in higher and more circumscribed circles, is only a legal tender when of legal weight, and is, therefore, nursed with more care under the portmonnaie system. Of copper and bronze monies, pence and halfpence suffer the most rapid deterioration; farthings being the longest lived of the three denominations. They are all tokens of value merely, and their short-comings are I less noticed, and, indeed, of far less consequence to the public, A sufficient time has not yet elapsed to enable us to judge of the durability of the bronze coinage, but from the hardness of the metal of which it is composed, comparatively with that of copper, we prognosticate for it greater longevity. Once oxidation has done its work of deepening the color and hardening the surfaces of the bronze, it will undoubtedly become more sightly and less subject to loss by abrasion or " waste " than it is in its present transition state Mechanics Magazine. 