MEMORABILIA, 1860. The following are amongst the principal events of the past .year, arranged in chrono logical order. Jaxuabt 2nd. Secular New Year's Day. Public holiday. Port Adelaide Annual Regatta. Races at Nor wood Allen's Creek, Virginia and the Burra. 5th. St. Paul's Episcopal Church opened for dirine worship. 3th. The malthouse connected with Thompson's brewery at Walkerville destroyed by fire, together with about 1,500 bushels of malt, 500 hags, Ac. 20tli. Telegraphic communication between Ade laide and Ciare opened. 21st. Excessive heat. Thermometer in the sun 15S". Gardens and vineyards in several localities much injured. 25th. Telegraphic communication between Ade laide ami Kooriiiga opened.—The Rcgi-iter and Obserrcr newspaper offices, Grenfell-street, lighted with gas. FfbrcaRV. | 7th. Myponga Jetty opened. Bullock roasted | whole. Rural and aquatic sports. Public dinner j on the beach. j I3th. A slight frost at Mount Barker early in the j morning. ! 29th. New exhibition buildingon the Park Lands opened by the annual Show of the South Australian Agricultural and Horticultural Society. Receipts for entrance, £107 6s. 1 Mahch. 1st Great meeting at Ncales's Exchange, King I William-street, to choose candidates for the repre- ' scntation of the city in tlie House of Assembly. | Ctli. Annual meeting of tlie friends and sup- j porters of the Bush Mission held in the Freeman street Chapel. 7th. Annual meeting of the South Australian Insurance Company, at the Napoleon Bonaparte. Dividend declared on the paid-up capital of 12} per j cent.—South Australian Institute quarterly soiree; lecture of the Rev. C. E. Palmer, on " The latest Ghost Theory." Sth. Annual cricket match between the British j and Colonial plaveis, on the Adelaide Racecourse; concluded on the following day, and won by the Colonial eleven with six wickets standing. 13th*. General elections of members of the House of Assembly commenced in the Districts of the City of Adelaide, Port Adelaide, EastTorreus, and West Torrens. 26tli. Great meeting at Neales's Exchange, and resolutions passed, requesting the Governor to ap Enint a South Australian agent at the Snowy River ! (iggings. 28t!i. Aurora Australis visible in inanv parts of the Australian colonies, from 7 p.m. till 1(1 p.m. 30th. Lady MacDonnell returned from England, after an absence from the colony of nearly 16 months. Various demonstrations at the Port and , in Adelaide. ArniL. _ 2nd. Tlie census of the colonv taken. Popula tion—59,678 males, 58,289 females; add for omis sions, 1,0:13. Total. 119,000. 3rd. Sir. G. M. Waterhouse and Mr. G. Tinline 1 elected members of tlie Legislative Council, rice His Honor Mr. Justice Gwynne and Major (now Colonel) Freciing, resigned.—Major Frceling de- j parted for the Snowv River Diggings, as South Australian Agent, with instructions to report as to their probahablc value and extent. Returned May | 4th. Heavy fall of rain; depth registered in Ade laide, from 2 "07 to 3 "25 inches. i 12tli. Slight shock of an earthquake at Kapunda | and the ncighbourhoodj at 7h. 45m. p.m. | 14th. Fire broke out m theiS-fathom level of the ! Hurra Mine, causing tlie death of two men named I Prior and Joints, and some destruction of the timber-work. 18th. Annual general meeting of the South Aus- ] tralian Mining Association. Fifteenth annual f report read stating the number of hands employed to he 1,078; expenditure of the half year ended March 31, 1859, £80,881 (Is. 3d.; ore produced, (i,5Sl tons; uetproeeeds, £96,790 10s. 4d.; profit, £15,915 ilared, 3s. 7d. Dividend of 100 per cent, declared, 19th to 21st. Adelaide Annual Races. Tlie St. Leger won by Midnight; Town Plate hv Plcnipo; Hunlle-race by Shamrock. 24th. Major Nelson left the colony to join the British forces in the New Zealand war. 27tli. The first session of the second Parliament opened by the Governor. Mr. G. C. Hawker elected Speaker of the House of Assembly. May. 2nd. Tlie Youngliusband Ministry resigned in consequence of an adverse vote moved by Mr. Reynolds, the present Treasurer. 7th. Competitive examination of South Aus tralian youths commenced at Government House. I 8th. First meeting in session of the Diocesan Synod. Report read, stating that three churches and three other places for worship had been opened during the' past year, and that additional church accommodation for from 8,060 to 9,000 persons had beeu provided during that period. 10th. Report of the Central Board of Education for 1859 published, stating the number of licensed schools at the end of the year to have been 198; cliildrcn on the rolls, 9,282; stipends paid to teachers, £11,797 19s. 2d.; school fees paid by parents, £10,633 6s. 3d.; average total receipts of the teachers, £116 4s. 12tli. Archery/etc on the College ground. Ladies' £rizes won by Miss Ada Morpliett and Miss ootlihy; gentlemen's prizes by His Excellency Sir R. (I. MacDonnell and Captain Brinkiey. 15th. Foundation-stone of the Congregational Chapel, North Adelaide, laid by the Rev. T. Q. : Stow. 22nd. The Finland barque Fides, from London, totalis- wrecked, sixteen miles east of Cape Borda, i during a thunderstorm, at 2 "o'clock a.m. The j captain, second mate, and eight seamen drowned. Cargo, estimated at £21,S68, lost. , 23rd. Unprecedented floods at Aldinga and sur- | rounding country, caused by heavy and continued rain. 24th. Queen's birthday. Grand review of volun- I teers on tlie Racecourse. Levee and ball at Go- j vcrnmciit House. Demonstrations invariousparts | of the colony.—Mr. Charles Mann, Commissioner I of Insolvency (formerly Attorney-General, Master j of the Supreme Court, Acting Judge, Crown Solicitor, Police Magistrate, and Acting Assistaut Judge), died at his residence, in Sturt-street, aged 60 years. 30tli. Quarterly soiree of the South Australian Institute. Lecture by Mr. G. Francis on "The History Comic and Caricature Drawing in Eng land." 31st. Telegraphic communication opened be tween Adelaide and Mount Barker. JUNE. 1st. Slight shock of an earthquake felt at Port Adelaide and the surrounding country at lOh. 20m. p.m. Grand archery match at the College grounds. Champion prize won hy Captain Klyth; ladies' first prize by Miss Young. Intercolonial match lietween the Adelaide and Melbourne clubs, each on its own grounds, won hy the latter. 4tli. Opening of the valve at the Torreus weir, and first delivery of water through the 21-inch pipe into the reservoir at Thorndou Park. Ttli. The Lord Bishop of Sydney (Metropolitan), and the Lord Bishop of Melbourne arrived in the colony. Iltli. Church of England Endowment Society inaugurated at White's Booms. Very large at tendance. Addresses delivered by His Excellency the Governor (Chairman), the Loid Bishops of Sydney, Mellioume, and Adelaide, Sir Charles Cooper, Sir J. H. Fisher, the Hon. G. C. Hawker, the Dean of Adelaide, the Archdeacon, and other gentlemen. 13th. The Board of competitive examinations awarded the prizes and certificates of merit. First prize, first class, 430, J. J. Stuckev; first prize, second class, 425, J. De. Q. Kubin; first prize, third class, 4i20, O. IL Bagot. 14th. St. Paul's Church, Pultcney-strect, conse crated by the Lords Bishops of Sydney and Ade laide, _ assisted by the Very Bev. the Dean of Adelaide, the Bev. G. H. Parr, and the Bev. A- B. Busscll (incumbent). ltith. Telegraphic communication opened between Adelaide and Woodside. 20th. Queen's Accession. Public holiday. Grand renew of volunteers on the East Park Lands. Volunteer's dinner in the evening at White's Boom 24th. Coronation Day. Volunteer's grand ball at White's Boom. Jolt. 5th. Grand banquet in White's Boom in com memoration of the establishment of the fieal Pro perty Act; His Excellency the Governor in the chair. From. 35'I to 400 guests present. Mr. B. B. Torreus, the originator of the Act, explained at length its general principles, and the amendments necessary to its more efficient operation. (itli. A comet discovered to the north-west in the evening, which remained visible about three weeks. Hth. Grand land sale at the Railway Terminus, Kapunda: 130 lots sold, realizing nearly 42,000. 12th. Telegraphic despatches received of the disastrous defeat of the British troops by the natives of New Zealand, June 25tb. 15th. Sunday afternoon services commenced at the Victoria Theatre. 28th. The new Savings Bank, King William street, opened.for business transactions. (itli. Annual meeting of the Chamber of Com merce. Report and balance-sheet read: Receipts of the previous year, £244 15s. (id.; expenditure, £237 4s. id. Number of members, 120: two new members admitted. Discussion, on the Real Pro perty Act Amendment Bill, as affecting equitable mortgages by the deposit of the certificate , of title. 7th. The first of a series of public lectures in aid of the funds for erecting the new Congregational chapel, North Adelaide, delivered hy Mr. B. D. Hanson in White's Boom, on "Self Culture.5' 13th. The Northern Railway opened from Gawler Town to Kapunda. The passenger- train consisted of 10 carriages, and contained His Excellency and Lady HacDonnell, ond a large and respectable party of both sexes. A levee was'held at the Sir John Franklin Inn, and a banqnet at the North Kapunda Hotel. ■ 16th. South Australian Agricultural and Horti cultural Society'sannualchampion match and ex hibition of implements and horse stock. 20th. The Victoria Theatre opened by G. V. Brooke, the celebrated tragedian, and an efficient 2§£h. The 300th anniversary of the Reformation in Scotland, celebrated in -Chahner'a Church, North-terrace, by the three Presbyterian congrega tions in Adelmdc. SEPTEMBEB 7th. The Admelia medals distributed by Sir Charles Cooper, at the Exchange, in the presence of a large concourse of people. 21st. Sir diaries Cooper. Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, appointed a member of the Executive Council. 21th- Major Warburton left Adelaide for Streaky Bay, to explore the country to the west ward. Patrick's ried. con . lyting tendency" of the Government educational system. Petition to the House of Asscmbly adopted by the meeting. October. 4th. South Australian Agricultural and Horti cultural Society's annual show of live stock, at the City Cattle Market yards. 7th. Mr. Stuart and party returned to Adelaide, after having penetrated the country to the north ward as far as IS' 47" S. lat., 134" E. long., where thev were driven back by the natives. 12th. Annual general meeting of the South Australian Institute. Report read stating, that during the past twelve months 31,121 books had been circulated, S31 added to the library; total forming the library, 8,1ST; new quarterly sub scribers, 173, annuaL 52; total number of sub scribers, 548. New visitors to the reading room, 40S; total receipts, £1,751 *is. *6d.; expenditure, £1,636 12s. 3d.; credit balance, £114 Bis. 8iL 17th. The Parliament prorogued till December 14th. , ,, , , 18th. ITnley Steeplechase, won by Air. Addison's b.g. Walkover, beating four others. 22nd. Quarterly Conversazione of the South Aus tralian Institute at White's Rooms. Lecture by Mr. Whitridge on the poetry of Wordsworth. 24th- Public breakfast given to Air. J. M. Stuart at White's Assembly-Room, previous to his de parture to explore the interior to the north-west coast. 29th. Anniversarvmeetingof Wesieyans at Pine street Chapel; the Hon. A Hay, Commissioner of Public Works, in the chair. Financial statemeut ] read, showing a debt upon the building of £1,189- : 31st. Annual meeting of the South Australian Auxiliary Bible Socictv, held in White's Assembly Boom. Receipts of the past year, £1,285 4s. 3d., including a former balance of £3S7 lis. 9d. Balance in hand, £171 19s. 2d. ■ November. 2nd. Mr. J. M. Stuart left Adelaide for Cham bers Creek; intending to join his party there, and to proceed from that station as eailv as possible on his second exploratory expedition to the north-west coast. 9th. Prince of Wales's birthday. Public holiday. Grand volunteer review on the North Park Lands, and presentation of colours to the Adelaide Bcgi ment by Lady AlacDonnell. lltli. Opening of the chancel of St Francis Xavicr's Cathedral. Pontifical high mass. 13th. New Court-House at Port Adelaide opened. I4th- Gawler and WUlaston annual picnic. Fat bullock roasted whole. Numerous sports , and gaines. 22nd. Heavy rains, with thunder and lightning and hail, in various parts of the colony, extending over an area of 40,000 square miles. Three young men killed by lightning whilst engaged in mowing near Bagot's head station, five miles from Kapunda. 29th. Annual meeting of the Aborigines' Friends" Society, held in White's Assembly Room, Sir Richard Grares AlacDonnell in the chair. Report read showing receipts of the past year, £73416s. id.; expenditure, £581 19s. lid.; balance in hand, £152 16s. 2d.; debts, £155 16s. 6d.; deficit, £3. 0s. 4d. 29th. The celebrated racehorse Fisherman im ported from England per Westburn by the Messrs. Fisher. December. 1st. Alunicipal election in tlic city and corporate towns. 3rd. The schooner Filing Fish wrecked at Port Elliot, during a gale of wind, by the parting of the Government moorings. 6th. First country sale by auction of Crown lands, held at Alount Gamhier. Quantity sold— 16,202 acres: amount realized, £14,428 18s.—Par liament further prorogued from December 14 till January 11. 10th. Elections of Alavors in the several munici palities. ^ I4tli. Afajor Warburton returned to Adelaide from an unsuccessful exploratory expedition to the westward, hating been absent SI days. 18th. A valedictory address and testimonial, from 175 of the principal colonists, presented to Colonel Freeling, previous to his leaving for England.—Air. G. W. Goyder, the newly-appointed Surveyor General, returned to Adelaide after an absence of 14 months on a Government exploratory expedition to the north-west. 26th Public holiday; various picnics, races, &c.;, in the country; express excursion trains to and from Adelaide and Kapunda. 2Sth. Twenty-fourth aunivcrsarv of the procla mation of the colonv bv Governor Hindmarsh. Public holiday- regatta at Glenelg. 31st. Public liolidav. Port Adelaide annual re gatta; special railway trains to and from the Port every hour. 