THE FIJI ISLANDERS. A correspondent of the Athenoeum, writing from Rewa, Fiji, describes his adventures there: — "The sight of the Athenaum at this out-of-the way place strongly recalls a promise made be- fore my departure from England to send occasional tidings of my wanderings in Fiji. I haye now been several months in this group, exploring it in various directions } and though much has been written on it, and that too by competent hands, there is still abundant mate rial for observation, and a fine field for making collections in all branches of natural history. My headquarters for the first month were at Somo somo, in the Island of Taviuni, where I stayed under the hospitable roof of Captain Wilson, who Viftß formed there a cocoanut oil establishment: cocoanut oil, tortoise shell, 1 and h6ehe-de*mer forming the staple exports of these islands, to which cotton will soon be added, several species of this all-important production having become naturalized in various parts. Taviuni Isa-rocky island of secondary magnitude, girded by cocoa nut palms and densely; covered with forests, full of fine timber, and abounding in wild pigeons, and a species of paroquets highly valued by the Ton guese, and still mdre by the Samoans, on account of the red feather with which they ornament their mats. The island is about 2500 feet high, and the : ascent to its summit very steep. The first time I went up a numerous suite attended. The Queen of Somosomo, hearing of my intention, joined the expedition, with her whole Court. At daybreak w'e found her train* waiting for us at the banks of a river, all fully equipped for the journey. A few strokes of the pen will describe their dress. The Queen wore two fathoms of white calico around her loins, freshfern leaves around her head, the purple blossom of the Chinese rose in a large hole pierced through one of her cars, and a bracelet made of a shell. No other garment graced her stately per son, and yet she looked truly majestic. Her at -' tendftuts dispensed with the caUco altogether, and wore simply attired in portions of banana and cocoa-nut leaves, fresh from the bush. In our European slothes we had no chance to keep up with them, and they were always a long distance ahead of us, waiting for our coming up, and en joying themselves in opening cocoa-nuts and smoking cigarettes, which they made with dried banana leaves. The summit of the island was found to be an extinct crater filled with water, i and on the north- eastern part covered with a ve getable mass, so much resembling in color and appearance the green fat of the turtle as to have given rise to the popular belief that the fat of all the turtles eaten in Fiji is transported to this lake by supernatural agency : one of the numerous spirits with which the wild fancy of the natives has peopled the group taking it at night out of iheir stomachs and placing it there. This jelly-like mass belongs to some of the lower Algae, and is several feet thick. We were not aware, until it was too late, that this sin gular production was only floating on the top of the lake, forming a kind of crust, or else we should not have ventured upon it. On the contrary, we took it to be part of a swamp that might safdLy be crossed, though not without difficulty, for we were always up to our knees, and often to our hips, in this vegetable turtle fat, and had to save ourselves occasionally from sinking into inextricable posi tions by crawling along Uke reptiles. Where the lake was free from tills Alga, the water was limpid and cool, and we freely partook of it when eating the cold yams, taro, and fowls which formed our dinner. The sides of the lake were covered with hollies, scarlet myrtles, and a fine feathery palm, closely allied to that of New' Zealand and Norfolk Island, but different. It was night before I re gained Somosomo, all the natives being home long before me, for as soon as they saw the sun getting low' there was no retaining them them any longer. Having to be in the forest after nightfall is to them something terrible. They see ghosts and de mons starting up in every direction, and fear to fall victims te their anger. The town of Somo sorao was, until a few years ago, the most noto rious place in Fiji for-cannibalism, and the early mL-isionaries* after much discouragement, had to give up their station. It was then a place of some importance; but constant feuds have reduced the number of its inhabitants con siderably, and the few that are left have for the most part become Christians, —it being now more than three years since the last mati was eaten. The chief himself, certainly the finest Fijian I have seen, both in regard to stature and features, still remains a heathen ; but his Queen (who holds a higher rank thanhinaself) is a devout Christian, The people are Very well behaved, and, although they had plenty of chances of stealing, X did not lose anything of consequence. For knives, Jew’s harps, calico, arid other trifles they readily assisted in making a fence for an experimental' cotton plantation I established, felling trees and going into the forest with me. From Somosomo I shifted my head-quarters to Fort Kumaird, on thfj south-eastern side of the Island of Ovalavi, TC here I was kindly received by Mr Pritchard, <he British^co osuV and where I hopedtofindColonel— Smvthe, whom I had been directed to join by her Majesty’s Government, O wmg to the war inNe w Zealand, the gallant colonel hod not yet arrived* and Mr Pritchard and myself therefore determined to proceed eastward to explorb the Utile known parts of Viti Levu, one of the continents of the Fijian world. We set off on the 28th of July, in the consular gig, and on the same day reached Ban, the capital of Fiji, where we stopped at the « house of Mr CoUis, a gentleman connected with, the mission. Until 1854, Ban was opposed to the missionaries, and the ovens in which the dead bodies of human victims were baked were scarcely ever coM. Since then, however, a great change has taken place. The king and all his court have embraced Christianity ; the heathen, temples are in ruins; the sacred groves in the neighborhood cut down; and in the great square* whore formerly the cannibal feasts took place, a large church has been erected. It was not with out emotion that I landed on this blood-stained soil, where, probably, greater iniquities were per petrated than ever disgraced any ether spot on earth. It was about eight o’clock in the evening* and instead of the wild noise that greeted former visitors, one heard from nearly every house family prayers. To bring about such a change has, in deed, required no slight efforts, and many valu able lives had to bo sacrificed; for, although no missionary has ever met with a violent death, yet the list of those who have died in the midst of their labors is proportionally very great. The Wesleyans, to whose disinterestedness the con version of these most degraded of human beings ia due, have, as a society, expended £75,000 on this object; and if the private donations of friends to individual missionaries are added, the sum swells ■ to the respectable amount of £80,000. From Ban we proceeded to Rewa, by way of Nakelo, one of the great rivers of Viti Levu, and connected by a canal with the Rewa river. This canal is pro bably the greatest piece of ingenuity ever ex ecuted in these islands ; affording a proof of how thickly the land must have been populated to allow of such an undertaking, when there were nothing but staves to dig the ground and baskets to carry it away. It has not been ascer tained how long ago this canal was cut; all that can be elucidated from inquiries is that it was cut long ago, and for the purpose of carrying out a mili tary stratagem. We passed the town of Rows, ana, dropping down the river, took shelter for a few days in the mission at Mataisuva, where there is an institution for training native teachers, under the superintendence of the Rev W. Moore, who, as an apt Fijian scholar, devotes some of the few leisure moments he can snatch to a subject hitherto much neglected, that of collecting the old songs of the natives, now fast fading away. A coasting voyage of several days, which afforded ample op portunities of seeing places of intiuest and enrich ing my collections, brought us, towards sunsefe on the 5ch of July, to the Navua, one of the largest rivers in Yiti Levu, and not yet explored by any scientific man. There are several exten sive deltas at its mouth, composed of rich alluvial soil, and exceedingly well adapted for cotton. From information gathered, I was led to conclude that the sago palm was a member of the Fijian Flora. My inquiries commenced tin the eastern parts of the group, and I was always directed west ward, and assured at every place that I should find the object of my search a few miles further on* —but that not proving the case, I began to look, pon it as a xr.oro phantom, when at last, after a search of several hundred miles, whole groves of fine sago pfdms greeted me on the banks of the Navua river. This is an interesting discovery* botanicaUy, because no sago palm had ever.* been found *so far south; philologically, because the plant is here termed* Soga,’ calling to niind the names of Sagu er Sago, by which it is known in othm districts peopled by the Papuan race ; and commercially, because it adds an important article Vo the export list of these islands. The Fijians made ho use of the farinaceous pitb. the Soga con tains, though that of 1 the Gycas ciroinolis of the district is converted into cakes oaten by the chiefs. We were seen at Navua, a tow’d some three miles -BERTHOLD SEEMANN." up the river, and the residence of Kuruduadua, the great chief of this district. A messenger having been dispatched from our last halting place to anribunce our visit, we found the chief tain seated in his large House, surrounded by councillors and attendants, awaiting liis guests. As this chief and liis territory are but little Known to the whites, our arrival created a great sensa tion. *The ceremony of presentation is novel. On entering the house, Wise, our interpreter and guide, as already schooled, addressed the chief to the effect that the Consul had come to introduce a chief from England, who had been sent to explore the country, and that we purposed doing our selves the honor of being nis guest for several days. After a few minutes' silence, the chief orator replied, in the name of Kuruduadua, that the stranger chief and the Consul were welcome, for their presence conferred a distinguished honor on Navua, and the neighboring tribes should know the fact as soon as the great drum could sound forth its rolling peals. As he concluded* all the men in the house clapped their hands, and exclaimed—‘mana, mana, man a! ’ At the same instant, the great drum, or ‘ lali,' was beaten lustily, and our presence in Navua was heralded throughout the district; The chiefs eyes glistened, and a proud smile of exultation f ;leamed over his face, os we throw ourselves at ull length on the clean mats spread for us. Our loquacious interpreter here began to describe a huge iron pot that was near the door, and to tell bow wickedly it had been appropriated to boil the carcases of murdered men instead of beche de-mer. A rather unpleasant feeling stole over us, and we thought of friends and homes far away I Our peace of mind, however, was soon restored when the chief proposed we should join him in a bowl of yagona , a beverage prepared from the root of the South Sea pepper, by being masticated by young men, and tasting like soap suds, jalap, and magnesia I A baxed pig and half dozen baskets of yams were next brought in by women, headed by the chiefs favorite wife, all crawling on their hands and knees. Hungry as we were, the story of the big pot made us revolt from this frugal. meal. But Kuruduadua as not now a cannibal, and summoning courage, and ascertaining that it was areal pig we beheld before us, we dined. It is a curious fact that Fijian etiquette does not permit the host to partake cf that which he provides for his guests ; and the chief eyed us askance as we ate. About this time a carronade, that guarded the entrance to the house, was discharged—emphatically to demonstrate the chiefs delight. ‘ Yagona ' was masticated and drunk every naif-hour. We ob served that the string by which the bowl is sus pended when not in use was always thrown to wards the chief. The object of this is to distin guish the * great man,' for if any one incautiously walked upright in his presence, the club was his tale. Kuruduadua has ten wives, and as he him self does not exactly know the number of his chil dren, we were left ignorant on this point. The great .drums were beaten every hour of the night, in honor of the guests, but much to our annoy ance, for they kept us awoke some time after we retired. Our bed was made of several layers of mats, and over us was a large mosquito screen, about twenty feet long, made of the bark of the paper mulberry. As many as eight or ten natives •ometimes sleep together under one of these screens. Before retiring, the Consul presented various articles, as knives, axes, prints, &c.;, to the chief; and the usual complimentary speeches ex pressive of mutual confidence and goodwill en sued. On the following moijiing * Harry the Jew' presented himself, the only Englishman who has lived fov any length of time in the wild and unknown regions of the interior, and has managed to throw a halo of mystery round him self. His real name is Henry Danford, and he has been sixteen years with Kuruduadua, living like a Pijian. His story is full of adventure. Bom in London, he was early apprenticed, first to one and then to another trade, but his em ployers being all men with whom he could not agree, he left; them in disgust, and took to tlic Mft* IhU brought him (o the South Pacific, where he discovered that the captains he had to deal with were disagreeable men; and* after changing from vessel to vessel, he finally ran away at Tonga. There, after twelve months' residence amid many privations, partly caused by a general famine, he perceived the Tonguese, too, were disagreeable people, and at once took passage in a canoe for Kadavu, in this group. Arriving at that island in distress, from heavy .weather, the canoe was seized and the crew condemned to the oven, thus finding the Kadavu people more disagreeable even than the Tonguese. by strategy, however, he succeeded in making his escape to Ilewa, where he remained some time with other white men. To one Charles Picker ing, a celebrity of Fiji and the hero of some capi tal anecdotes, he sold a pinchbeck watch that only went when carried. Whence he got tills precious article he says it is unnecessary to tell, enough for the history that as soon as he received the price thereof from Pickering he jumped into a boat and started off for a distant part of the islands, condemning the white men as a disagree able set of fellows. In his peregrinations, he met one, ‘Flash Bob,' for whom he acted as amanuensis in the selection and purchase of a lady-lore from a native chief- This brought him once more into contact with the disagreeable whites. He now commences a heche-de-mer establishment, in conjunction with his friend Pickering, who had given him the name of * s Harry the Jew in con sequence of the watch transaction. After being some months in his new business, liis house is burned by a party of natives. He quarrels with Pickering about his share in the purchase of Flash Bob’s wife. Pickering takes everything away, leaving him once more nenniless, shirtless, and friendless on the beach. Kuruduadua, hear ing of his forlorn condition, sent him an offer to reside at Namusi, his mountain fortress, which offer was accepted. On reaching the town, he was met by messengers, who carried him on their shoulders. The chief then gave him wives—how many we shall not say—yam plantations, taro gardens, pigs, and all the etcetera of Fijian life. He was also raised to the dignity of a brother, and allotted slaves to attend upon him. Our hero—happy man I —now, for the first time in his life, found on agreeable com panion in Koruduadua. In return for the digni ties heaped upon him, Harry was to repair the muskets of the tribe, and to tell the chief stories about the white men and their country. Having, for about a week, been an errand boy to a Lon don apothecary, he was able to dispense bread pills to the sick, and thus to assume another im portant stand in his new life. The chief appears to think much of this man, and consults him upon all matters respecting both natives and foreigners. Like most of the whites who have lived like na tives, he looks a shrivelled-up specimen of mortality, and thinks himself a man of mighty importance. We were much struck ’with the fact that all the young lads were in a state of absolute nudity, and, on inquiry, learned that pre parations were being made to celebrate the induc tion of Kuruduadua's eldest son into manhood, and that, until then, neither the young chieftain nor his playmates could assume the scanty cloth ing peculiar to the Fijians. A rebellious town, consisting of about 500 people, was destined to be sacrificed on the occasion. When the preparations for the feast were concluded, the day for the cere mony appointed, Kuruduadua and his whole tribe were to make a rush upon the town, and club the inhabitants indiscriminately. The bodies were then to be piled into one heap, and on the top of all a living slave would lie on his back. The young chief would then mount the horrid scaf fold, and standing upright on the ch*st of the slave, and holding in his uplifted hands an immense club or gun, the priests invoke their gods, and commit the future warrior to their especial protection, praying he may kill all the enemies of the tribe, and never be beaten in battle, a cheer and a shout from the assembled multitude concluding the prayer. Two uncles of the boy were then to mount the human pile, and to invest him with the ‘Halo,’ or girdle of snow white tapa, the multitude again calling on their deities to moke him a great conqueror and a tenor to all who breathe enmity to Navoa. The * Halo*' for the occasion would be, perhaps, two hun dred yards long, and six or eight inches wide* When wound round his. body, the lad would hardly be perceivable, and no one but an uncle can divest him of it. We proposed to the chief that we should bo allowed to Invest his son with the * Malo/ which he at first refused, but to which he consented after deliberation with his people. At the appointed hour the mul titude collected in the great house, or x Bure.* The lad stood upright in the midst of the as sembly, guiltless of clothing, and holding a gun over his head. The Consul and I approached, and, in due form wrapped him up in thirty yards of Manchester print, the priest and people chant ing songs, and invoking the protection of their gods, A short address from the Consul suc ceeded, stirring (he lad to nobler efforts for his tribe than his ancestors had known, and pointing to the path to fame that civilisation to him. The ceremony concluded by drinking yagona, and chanting historical reminiscences of the lad's ancestors, —and thus we saved the lives of 500 men. During the whole of this cere mony, the old chief was much affected, and a few tears were seen trickling down his cheeks. Soon, however, cheering up, he gave us a full account of the time when he came of age, and the number of people that were slain to celebrate that occa sion. Finding that Kuruduadua was a man in whom confidence could be placed, we made arrangements for going to Namnsi, so as to con nect the discoveries of McDonald and Water house with the southern coast of Yiti Levu; but as the weather had become extremely boisterous v and heavy rains had rendered travelling in the interior impossible, we determined to wait for more favorable weather, and direct our steps to* other parts of the group. We are now again on the road to Kuruduadua's dominions, and I hope to be able on a future occasion to send a few lines, about the doings of the mountain tribes of Fiji. 