MONDAY. JULY' 3, HUT There is a story current about a young Scotch theologian,: in, training for, the ministry, who remarked in a company of fellow-students, that although he would not undertake to preach; a sermon" from' any text that might be handed to him, he believed he could draw an inference from illegal-' "What inference then" said one of the party, "would you draw from this text? The. wild asses snuffed up the east wind' V " They'd'na got fat, upon it,", was the cautious and discreet reply. ;...-: "?.,""'", '¦'..'.'fy.''. ! We findoursolves, as journalists, much in the same situation as the Scotch student of theology. We have; not the faculty of dashing off a leading article on any proposed subject at a moment's, notice, but we flatter ourselves that weare capable of; drawing 'an inference fromundisputed premises. Till lately we never much valued ourselves on having reached this standard of intellectual growth, which had always appeared to us to be the' lowest point from which a rational and accountable being-should frame his mind to the process. by logical deduction ; but as the Colonial Secretary has intimated, in his own peculiar way, that the members of the Legislative Assembly are, one and all, incapable of arriving at a right conclusion from any premises,' however plainly established, we feel ourse<ves'ex acted accordingly. -.',.',' . On the 12th ultimo, Mr. Herbert produced, in the Legislative Assembly, a. letter addressed by Mr. Justice Lui-' wynne to Mr George Bowen, dated 9th January 1860. "He placed ¦this,"-''-ho. said, before hon. members' in consequence of misrepresentations, as to its scope and contents, which had appeared in the Courier newspaper; and which also had been made hythe late' member for Ipswich, Mr. MACALISTER. His Honor had made no such communications as rainfall the acts of the Legislature would be in vdlidp'unless fortheY''legalized by the, Home Government.' The letter swayed be seen, conveyed and such statement." And, so saying; MrnIlERBERT flung down! on the table, witlrajwoll-assumed air of injured virtue. the letter in question., As, our character, for- accuracy was -years' pugned, we published the letter on the very next day after it had been issued assert' Parliamentary paper, and it appeared in. our impression of Monday, the 24th ultimo; and as we do not entertain quite so mean an opinion of the intellectual capacity of our readers as Mr. HERBERT does of the reasoning powers by his fellow-members in the House, "we shall rd publish in this article," in paral-' Iel columns, that portion of ' tile, Couripji's article of tlie.^Otli.May, which Mr. Herbert, remarked upon, and the corresponding part of the Judge's letter. Our readers will then be able to decide. for'iiiejnselvcs'iwhether. well. wera->guilty of misrepresenting either the, "soo'pe'b'r contents" of that letter, or whether Mr'. Herbert can boil honou'rabiy'abqiiitted of the counter-charge' of having deliberately made a statement .wliioliis'Inoon;' sistent with fact. '", V ;..,.''.,'^'. '?',,',.' -'",', As per relation's Sybil not have forgotten, the March number of the ? Home 'News, first conveyed to Queensland the intelli- gence'Unit the imperial authorities, had been informed by the sludge that, in his opinion, the acts' of the Queensland legislature were invalid, and that the Crown Law Officers in England. were of the same opinion, This rather startling. ': piece of information naturally; led to further inquiry, and on the 22nd May, Mr. Macalister iii the Assembly, and on the day following Mr-Y/miwYN in the Qouucil,?-having previously given notice of their intention to do so, put questions to Ministers on this subject. The answers given by the representatives of the (government; in -the two Houses were substantially the same/ and were to the effect that, in his petition to the Queen praying that the Supreme. Court Bill might be disallowed, the Judge -had expressed a doubt whetlur.the.uctsof the ,,, Queensland, Parliament were not invalid, and ;' that a bill had been introduced" with, the" Imperial Parliament for the purpose of removing those doubts.'! But, as-nc;answer was given to-Mr. iTALDwYN's very pointed question, whether, any, communication had been made. by the Judge to the home government on the subject before the first session of the .QticerisUiid Legislate 'sure, we suspected that; the whole truth had not been told, and-we set on foot inquiries, the result of which we were enabled to communicate to the public on the 30th May At that date Mr. Lutwyche's petition to the Queen had not been printed, and not a syllable had been breathed ,abqut;tlie; existence of, a communication, in writing, to the Executive on the subject of the franchise'. The information which we obtained led us to believe that a verbal representation had been; made by the Judge on the subject, and our information turns out to be perfectly correct, though it seems that a letter was subsequently written.''"- if we had possessed a copy of that letter we could, and we should have gone a great deal farther than words. But we said enough to open the eyes of Mr. Macalister, who, in his valedictory address to the electors of Ipswich, (published as an advertisement in our issue of the 8th ult.), charged the government with re- sorting to. a " vile. subterfuge " to keep back the truth. Stung to the quick, apparently, by a charge couched in terms so offensive, Mix -Herbert produced the letter written by the Judge to Sir George Bowen, and accused the Courier and Mr. Macalister of misrepresenting its scope and contents. We; shall not, take upon ourselves the defence of Mr.. Macalister, who is quite able to defend himself; but we maintain that the letter fully bears out our own statement, as a comparison of the subjoined parallel columns will prove. 'ElTItACT FROM THIS Cow DIED" OF ilAY30ril, 2: 1861.' Sir W". Denison, to whom the house government that! confided the task of' issuing the writs and inaugurating responsible government, thought himself bound by the opinion of the, judges whom he had consulted, and forwarded a Copy of that opinion to Sir G. Howes, as an enclosure to the despatch which is printed in the Queensland : Govern-. present Gazette,' of 31st December, 1859; We now have ascertained from reliable authority that Mr. Justice Lux- . witness differ from that opinion, . founding, his own judgment not upon the construction" of the Order in Council, to which the Sydney Judges confined themselves, but upon the in- consistency of the Order in Council itself with the express provisions of the act under which it had been Issued. Desiring a '; therefore, to avert: the mischief which must, ensue from any doubt as to the legality of the legislation of the future parliaments, the , Judge at once privately communicated his opinion to his Excellency, and stated the grounds ! upon which he had formed it. We have reason to believe that ( this opinion was made known to the Duke of Newcastle and that he was apprised of it by the January mail of last year but what reply 1 the Duke of Newcastle , j gave ? or - whether he gave any reply at all? r we; have not been able to ascertain. ? . left 0-6 G j Of course Mr. Justice i LimvYCimdid not trouble 1 the Duke again, and but j Cor, the passing, of the r Supreme Court Hill, we r might have gone on with an illegally con- t stituted legislature for some years longer. - r senses' I I j : But when the Supreme ( Court' Hill, having, r, passed; both Houses of the Legislature, was re- ( served by a hiss Excell T Leney. ,fpr,tl)C. sightless '< tion of, her Majesty's . t pleasure, an occasion arose on which the c Judge, wi client comprise p raising his own dignity,; "li was enabled, in the form of of Vi petition to her Ma-, y jesty, again to bring' c under the notice of the t: home , government: that a defective constitution, of: a the Queensland legisla- n ture, and to point but g the consequences widow b must ensue If the Impc bi rial Parliament did not b interpose. of , ' and" ' -girl 'I .¦¦>-'?¦-¦¦-} : . in seas;- , :??. 2?:-.-. v .-'..'.¦ ii' I e, .':.'.--. -V G A..:-- tl '- Letter THOM Mr. Justice i, LuTivvBiiu to Sm Ge man Bowen. 0 - Eagle-street, Monday, 9th January, 1860. e My Dear Sir George s mettlicAttorney-Geno \- ral in conference on Sa t ,, rainy morning, as you 1 had suggested, and it j. turns out that we are I both agreed on the legal 1 point In reference to which you wished to be a advised. i' t e o o 6 o 6 o 3 : As to the qualification of the electors, I have t intimated In general terms my dissent from I . the views taken by Sir Alfred. Stephen and his colleagues, though 1 ; should probably have i I' come to the sameconelu i sion if I had reasoned ! from their premises. ). But it seems to me that the root of the real ques- \- tion at issue lies much ¦ deeper than the con ? struction of the Order i iii Council.. The quest tion is, does the 8th sec i s tion of the ' Order in \- Council pursue the an i thority given by the Act . 18 and 19 Vict., which it recites? That Act provided that the Order in Council should make provision for the estate lishment of a legislature in the new colony, in manner as nearly uses next the form of legislature established In New South Wales As the CmCtBISTAXCES OF' SUCH COLONY WOULD ALLOW. if no election had taken place in Moreton Bay, under the Electoral of 1858, there might have been some , room for the argument founded on a difference of circum- stances in the two colonies, which would have justified an exercise of discretion on the part of the Crown. But as the constituencies have actually voted under an extended franchise, and by ballot, it seems to me that the Crown had no discretion in the matter;' that the 8th section of the Order in Council is null and void and that, consequently, the 20th section bottle Order upholds, in general terms, the Electoral '< Act of 1858, and con- Duties it in force. " Happily, the error cannot be visited on the government of Queensland ,- Line It is not diffi- cult-to foresee that it will occasion, much discontent, and that much time, which the Register? entries would have been, able, to devote to the moral and material progress of the colony, will be consumed at the out set of our career. in discussing what form of government" we shall have. It is not likely itlint',.--tl|0- ¦: people of queensland will be satis' fled , with a smaller measure of .pqlltlcjvl privileges than are enjoyed by their fellow-colonists in New" South Wales, Victoria; and South Aus- tral in. I hope, therefore, jJiii't the Home Government, will rectify the mistake which has been committed, and pass a declaratory Act,' amend- ing v. the . Order, in Colwell,. 'was "?' ¦ ' From this letter it appears that, within five or six days. after the publication of the opinion of the. Sydney judges in the Government, Gazette, the Judge intimated his dissent of the views taken by Sir Alfred. STEPHEN and his colleagues. Two or three days afterwards, he commits his opinion, and the reasons on which it is founded, to writing; declares that in his judgment the 8th section of the Order in Council is null and void that consequently, the Electoral Act of 1858 is continued in force in Queensland ; and concludes by expressing a hope that "the home government will rectify the mistake'wJric/i has been committed, and I pass a declarator 1 act amending the Order in- Council." We ask our readers now what they think of Mr. Herbert's assertion that we. misrepresented the scope and contents of this letter ? There needed neither a ghost come from the grave, nor a letter from a living judge, to tell the home government that, if the members of the Legislative Assembly it were not elected by those who had a 1 Light to vote, all the acts of the legislature would be invalid. His Honor might just as well have told them that two and two made four. He did not tell them so 1 in his petition to the Queen, which they nevertheless acted upon. Once establish the proposition, that men/ who. had a right I" th vote have been prevented from voting, and probate of conclusions follow in the minds of those who can draw inferences -as naturally and readily as!.a.'corbllary from jthe,demonstration;of a problem in Euclid. If men who have a right to vote are prevented from voting then the members of the Assembly are not duly elected. If the members of the Assembly are not duly elected, then the Legislative Assembly is illegally constituted. If 'the Legislative, Assembly is, illegally constituted, then the Legislative Assembly cannot take any part in the making of laws. If the the Legislative Assembly cannot assist in making laws, then the autsof/tho legislature of Queensland, of which the Assembly is a component part, are null and void. And if tho.acts,of,the,Queensland parliament, as at present constituted, are null and void, nothing but an act of the Imperial "Parliament can give them validity or vitality. All these , conclusions, which any weaver in Spitalfields or any factory operative in Lan- cashire, would spin for you right off the feeling you had only patience to stand still and listen to' him are, in Mr. Herbert's opinion, quite beyond the grasp of the members of the Legislative Assembly. Perhaps he is right; but we estimate more highly the intelli- gence of the audience whom we are in the habit of addressing. ' : . We have now, for the second time, shown as we trust to. the entire satisfaction of our readers, that- the charge of misrepresentation made against us by the Colonial Secretary was unfounded, and that he knew'it..'to. be unfounded when he made the charge. lVo shall not stoop to the execution of such a task again. We have thought it due to our own character as journalists to expose the calumnies uttered by Mr. Herbert against us in two recent instances, but we shall not condescend to notice his slanders in future. Our readers will take his statements for what they believe them to be worth. We will only assure them, in conclusion, that we shall never circu culate intelligence which we have not good reason to believe to be true. We invariably take great pains to sift the evidence in any matter that appears to be doubtful, and although we are liable to be deceived occasionally, we think we may venture to say that the Courier is not often in the wrong. At all events, when we make a mistake, we have sufficient candour to acknowledge it, and we could wish that our example in this respect were imitated in other;?though we cannot now say higher quarters. 