THE SOUTH AUSTRALIAN INSTITUTE. An adjourned meeting of the Subscribers to the Ltbiary of the Institute was held on Wednesday evening, June 12, to discuss the proposed alteration to be made hi the constitu tion of the Institute, by a new Act prepared and proposed by Mr. Cawrhorne. The main features of the proposed new Act are to intro duce into every branch of the Institute the elective clement, and. instead of the management being, as at present, partially under the nomination of the Governor, to abolish the Board of Governors, and to substitute in their stead a President, Vinp-TVfMsiripntv nnri a nmnmittaA nf Manatnintant hIUa ha elected by the general body of members. It also proposes to provide, that in case any other societies, such as the present Society of Arts, and' the Philosophical Society, shall apply to be incorporated, that they sball pay rent for the accommo lation of the rooms, and that the members of the Library shall have freer facilities to participate in the benefits of those societies than they at present enjoy. In fact the intention of the framers of the new Act is, to make all the societies in connection with the Institute, one great combined society, giving the same privileges to the members of the library in the incorporated societies, as the members of those societies themselves enjoy. At the first meeting, which was held a week ago, the pre amble of the new Bill was put aside for future discussion, and the first clause, which involved the whole principle of the Bill, namely, that the present Act be repealed, was dis cussed, but the meeting was adjourned before a division took place. Dr. Gosse was voted to the chair, and explained the objects of the meeting. Mr. Whiting, as the mover of the adjournment, addressed the members in gupjort of Mr. Cawthorne's motion, as he considered the Act nnder which the Institute was at pre sent managed failed to secure the objects for which it was founded, in the first p'ace, he considered the present management was not so popularly elected as it ought to be. xuey uaa une oe me governors nominated vy tue ^uiiu&u-; pliical Society, numbering about 20 members ; one by the Society of Arts, with 50 members ; an-i only one by tho Library, consisting of 830 members ; and that he ooula r.ot consider to be a fair representation of the members of the Library. The Philosophical Society, he believed, was advan tageous, because the public got the benefit of then- discnSBions, monthly, through the press; but the Society of Arts only had a meeting once a year, and he would ask what benefit to the Institute conld that Society be. He had been a member of the Institute for the last n years, and during that time notbin' had been done in the shape of lectures or otherwise, to shew an advance ; aud be believed it was aU owing to the defective nature of the present Act under which the Insti tute was managed. The object of the present Bill was to afford facilities for any number of Societies to incorporate with the Institute, but that they should all be on an equal footing, and so constitute one grand combined National Institution. They received 500J. from the Government, and lie did not think the Government had a right to give 5002. to them unless they saw something good resulted from it ; and he believed the Government would not renew the grant again unless the members could show them some benencia results to the public by the vote. At present there was no public benefit, and therefore he did not tcink the Govern ment would again give them the money unless things were altered. Mr. Dowie supported the motion generally, but there was one objection to the new Act. If the Government were askeii for SO'jl. he thought they woald expect to have some right to ask how the money was expended, which could not be done unless they had Borne power over the appointment of thft nffi^ials Mr. Goldsack said he had paid attention to the di.cus sion, and fouud that most of the original members found fault with the present Act ; but he different from them, as he thought the new Act did not confer so many privileges as they now enjoyed under the present A_ct. He therefore would support the amendment, that the old Act be not repealed. All that had been said against the old Act had reference simply to mistnauageut ; bat he believed it the preamble of the . old Act was carried out there would be nothing to complain of. If there hai bee t a want of lectures, &c;, it was owingto the preamble not being carriedont,and not to any want of power contained in the present Act, If there was anything to complain of they should complain of the Governors. The Chairman reminded Mr Goldsask thit tha question before the meeting was not with reference to the Governors* conduct but whether the old Act should be repealed. Some remarks were made by ssveral mambers that a dia cussioa on tbe conduct of the Governors conld not be allowed in discu sing the principles of the n -.w Act. The Chairman expressed himself emphatically that such a method of conducting the discussion could not be allowed. Mr. Goldsack then continued, that if he could pr-ve ths Governors had failed iu partying out tha ol-l Act, it wool I confirm his argument thit there was no nesessity t» atter the present Act. At present it was not true that thareeool I be a singing class or a debating class ia tbe reading room, 04 bad been alleged, because there was a clause which gave the present Governors power to make terms with such societies, and to fix the amount of charges which they should con t ri bnte. He liked theidea of unity, and he contended that the present Act embraced that idea folly, as the Governors had powertoarrange with any societies which applied for ad mission. He concluded that the old Act embraced every thing contained in the new Act, and that it did more, because ithada conservative element which the new Act had not— an element which he considered essential to all institutions of that kind. Mr. Boucaut said the only question was, whether there ?was any necessity for repealing the old Act, and if it were said there was, then the grounds should be stated by those who desired the change, but he contended none had as yet been shown, and therefore he wouldsupport the amendment, because he could show them there was no necessity for any . change.; and with regard to the new Act,'he defied Mr. Caw ?ihorne to exjilain bis speech which be made, nor could he explain the Act itself. One thing Mr. Whiting had said was, that only once a year they bad a meeting of the Society r of. Arts,-and-sked what benefit that was ; bat that was not 'trpJe.tKcans? that Society met frequently; and with regard to the Exhibition of Works of Art yearly, he should remember that the rooms were not open for a single day only, but were kept open for a month, and it was not simply for the benefit of that Society and the members of the library, but the whole public were admitted at the small charge of a shilling, and where they had access for a small snm to the inspection of specimens of art which had been callected at great expense by the Society, and by which the whole colony was beaelited. He said the object of the Institute was to bring together as many Societies as it was possible to collect. Mr. Whiting had said he had been a member oi the Institute for eleven years, but the Institute bad not been in existence that time, and there seemed to be an error, on the other side, by those gentlemen confounding the old Library with the present Institute. Unless some thing was shown for the necessity of the repeal of the old Act, they should discard the new one, and let well alone. The whole gist of the new Act was contained in the seventh clause, namely, that 15 per cent of the receipts from the Institute at large should be devoted to the purposes of the Library, and not as at present, that 75 percent, of the receipts from the Library, should go to the purchase of books, &e.;, for the Library. In fact, the Act without that clause was a mere ghost. There was nothing in it, and it introduced no principle not contained in the old Act. and therefore, if the new Act were passed, instead of the Institute being a national in at;tn«inn if.wnnld darindle down into a mere librarv. Under the present Act every memberjof the Incorporated Societies, in consideration of their subscription, are members of the Institute. They themselves, as members of the Library, had the use of the building, the reading of the books, and they were allowed to take the books home, but Mr. Cawthorne's idea was, that in virtue of their subscription to the Library they should hare the lull advantages of the_ members of the other eocities, which were kept up by special subscriptions. That he could not consider was fair. In fact, supposing there was a musical society incorporated, and he, Sir. Boucaut, was a member, Mr. Cawthorne would consider that, because being a member of the Library he could go there and take home a book, that he should have the same grivilege to come to the music class and carry to his own ome his, Mr. Boucaut's, fiddle. (Roars of laughter and loud Cheers followed Mr. Boncaut's address.) Mr. Francis supported the amendment—' That it was not desirable to alter the old Act,' on the ground that they should not do eo until they were prepared with something to put in its place, and as the new Act had not been dis cussed and could not be, before the motion was dispose 1 ol, there was nothing to put in its stead, and if the motion were carried they would be without any Act at all. That was a point which he thonght had been missed by all the speakers. He argued that as the Institute was founded for a public benefit, and in consideration of which the Government had expended such large sums r in erecting the building, and granted an annual gam of 5001. for its maintenance, that it was contrary to the spirit of its foundation to alter the present arrange ments, which were for the general educational advancement of the whole colony, and if altered would, as Mr. Boucaut had said, reduce it to the level of a mere library. After Mr. Francis sat down there were loud calls of 'divide.' The Chairman rose to put the amendment, but before doing so Mr. Cawthorne claimed a right to reply. A bit of an uproar followed, those in favor of the motion reminding the Chairman in rather lond tones that the mover of the motion had a right to reply ; but their voices were pretty ?well drowned by the louder calls to '-divide.' At last the Chairman refused to allow Mx. Cawthome to reply, stating that he could not do so without allowing the mover of the amendment also to reply. The amendment was then put, that the present Act be not repealed, which was carried by a majority of rather more than two to one of a comparatively crowded room. The result of the vote was received with loud and continued cheers by the victorious party A vote of thanks to the Chairman, on the motion of Mr. Hebfobd, was carried, which closed the business. 