DAILY ISST/E. MONDAT, 30th DECEMBER, 1861. VOLUNTEERING. THE English papers »ell us that signs have appeared of a little flagging in the universal enthusiasm of the volun teers fordrill,and turn-outs in general. In some cases, it would seem, resort has been had to the imposition of fines in order to bring the men up to the mark, and, of course, if that came to be a general thing, it would show that the volunteers in old England were not quite so fond of drill as they bad been. Not that there is anything very wonderful in this. It is the na ture of excitements to die away, or at all events to moderate their fervor, and if the volunteers of Britain are not quite so demonstrative in their re sponse to the bugle as heretofore, it only shows that the law of excite ments is having its course with them. But they have conquered the goose step and know the use of their limbs, have made themselves familiar with the manual and platoon exercise, and the novelty of the thing being gone, they naturally wist to take it easy. Now, if we mistake not, this is un avoidable ; and the only thing open to the authorities is to lessen the times for compulsory drill, to keep up a healthy emulation for excellence in shooting, and to treat the corps to as frequent brigading as possible. In the two latter functions of an army there is not likely to be too perfect an excellence, but in company drill a man may possibly get trained to an excruciating fastidiousness of accuracy that would really impair his capacity for regular service. Nothing of this sort is likely to happen in brigade movements. A perfect knowledge of the art is necessary, but a mathematically exact execution is not indispensable in the move ment of larger bodies of men, and the. operations aro therefore goi;-1» through with a less onerous sen?e of restrictive rxertion, Besides, how ever perfect the company drill may be, if the men have not been used to brigading-, how can the.y be so readily handled in mass and so effectually utilised in action ? The most essential things to bear in mind as conditions of healthy volunteerism are the promo tion ot' emulation among the corps, and the saving the men from unneces sary duties that only harrass and weary without proportionate profit to the service. All these remarks apply a fortiori to the volunteer arms of the colonies, where men are less settled, their leisure therefore less reliable, and theil' patriotism certainly not any stronger than in the old country. And we fear it is no new thing to remark that in Ballarat, whatever may be the ca6e> in other .places, the enthusiasm of the volunteers does not appear to be quite so ardent and keen as it was a little while back. Not that Ballarat ever got to be very obstreperously military since the governmental snubbing the volunteers received some two years ago, after so sedulously learning drill in tbe old Victoria Theatre and other places. The town has never mustered a respectable corps yet in point of num bers, and the patient assiduity of those who have stuck to their colors is therefore all the more commendable. A good deal of talk is at times in dulged in respecting the evils which ever attend the old cry of " East" and "West," but even the evils of the thing are admitted to be lessened by the development of a spirit of active emulation caused by the competition of the two interests, whereby people on both sides are kept wide awake, and energies are brought into action' that otherwise would be suffered to lie unexerted. Now ibis is just the agency we would invoke in aid of a revival of the spirit of manly volunteering in ibis large and populous town. It'has often been proposed to have an eastern and a western company, or even four com panies, and there is very little doubt that if as many as four companies were organised, whose members should be drawn exclusively from four quarters of the whole town, that instead of having the present ghost of a corps we 'should have the full number allowed by the Government, and a reserve to draw upon in the event of the regula tion as to number being changed for one allowing the enrolment of at least 500 men. This would be, we think, a really effective way of evolving from the present inertia of the town just that fire of emulation which is so necessary in the business. Then there should be a continuance, and even an extension if possible, of that excellent system of prizes for good shooting which has already been introduced by the officers of the Bal larat corps; although we do not see why those gentlemen should be called upon to bear thc bruut of the pe cuniary battle in this way. Why should not a sum be voted annually in the shape of medals to be shot for by each local corps on its own ground, and if officers of companies thought proper to subscribe in augmentation of the prizes, well and good ; or if the men themselves subscribed to a fu-.d with the same intent, so much thc better, as the whole affair would then be relieved of the otherwise too greatly eleemosynary element. Then there should be an annual gathering of tbs best shooters of every corps in the whole colony, and an annual gathering of the best shooters of every colony in the whole Australian group, and by this means there would be evoked such a spirit of soldierly competition as would keep the warm blood of volunteerism pulsating through every corps in every colony. Every man would be am bitious of excellence because he would not only have before him the prospect of eminence in his own corps, but would have the hope of being drafted for colonial feats of shooting, and beyond that again ot being chosen for the grand inter colonial contests of skill. All this should be done and made to be of regular recurrence, and not of fitful, and therefore uncertain, and by consequence comparatively ineffectual celebration. For the same purpose the corps of the colony should be brigaded as often as possible and as briefly as possible. Actual contact ou the same ground would call out the spirit of the several corps aud brighten them up to an activity impossible at home on their own drill grouuds. If all this were done and the tedious mi nutia of company drill enforced only at such intervals as were essential to good discipline and soldierly smart ness, there is little doubt that volun teering would be far more attractive than it is at present. It is a thing worth trying, at all events. If Volun teers are necessary at all or desirable at all, it is surely desirable to get an adequate number of them ; or else lei us by all means have a good Militia Bill, and so compel ourselves to be come what we might become without a bill if suitable conditions were afforded. 