THE FRENCH CRITIC IN LONDON. I havo explored to-day a new nspeot of London. Making my cscapo from the thunder of the streets, "I embarked in ono of tho numerous steamers tlmt py up und down the -Limmes, from morning till night, envrying legions of human beings from ono end of this astounding Babylon to the other, at the rate Ot a sou a head 1 I should despair of convey ing to you by description the faintest notion of the life by wluoli I was surrounded on the deck of tlio ycsscl. It was so crammed with people, that wo were equeczod together for standing room, as if wo had been packed in a crate, and nearly suffocated, while the frc.-h breczo off tho water was playing idly, oyer our heads. Yet, the most distinguished members of tho aris tocracy, oven to Cabinet ministers, prefer this modo of transport to therisk and inconvenience of the streets. Can it be on any pitiful grounds ot economy that they expose themsclrea to tliis fenriul ordeal ? Tho rirer was formerly cilled the 'fsilont highway." Tho epithet is like all English epithets, and - must be -interpreted as meaning tlio .vory rerorsc of what it expresses. Tho language u ns deficient in pictorial foroe and imagerial power as tlio people them- fclte8 oro in imagination and poetical sensi bility. ihoy nro essentially nnd emphatically, throughout aU their relations, a ' material people. Thoy : arc engrossed in traffic. It is written plainly: in every man's countenance, llio cadaverous hue of the cheelcsi.tho nervous agitation of the lips, the glassy eye, and the encumbered brow, all betoken tlio sums upon sum's of mental arithmetic each man is-scoretly working, as he haslenB past you on his way to the counting-house, or the bank, or the" manu factory. Nobody appears to enjoy-a moment's leisure. There, is mo reposo, no pleasure," no respite. Tlio English live in tho future ; thoy havo hoitlior a. past .nor a present.- ; They are porpotunlly hard at. work on the scaffolding, and -up tlio ladders; building houses for their children to pull down, and build up' again for the generation that U to, succeed thein."' >m '"'l0 ""nS 'hat strikes you . on the Thames is tho want of h quay. You feel as if you could not breatho against tho dark masses of warehouses ; and' wharfs, blotted oyer with people, and oranes, and balds of goods, barrels, packing-cases, nnd unsightly loads, that abut down upon the very edgo of tho water. " Here and there, a sUp for boats, profoundly blaok and dirty, intercepts tho laborious bustle of tho colliors.and porters ; and your aching sight is, at long and distant intervals, slightly relieved by tlio npparition of n pale tree, which has struck its roots somcwliero on a soeck of ground, and has grown up into the muttering nir, wondoring how it got there, and what is to become .of it ; or by a glimpss of a green verandah, or a box . of sickly migbionctte, which somopatient dweller in this murky region has tried to cheer hiVeyes with, cheat ing himself, by a melancholy fiction, into a feeling of vci'duye;. of which! lie 'could dison chant himself by a single glance nt the volumes of coal smoke from furnaces and steam engines thnt are for over brooding over the river, and dropping invisible rain into it. Tho life on tms rivor resembles the tossing agonies of tlio poor souls Hint nro -condemned to an unutter able eternity of strife in the sulphurous. lakes of a certain place, which I slialL not'spccify with a geographical precision. The miserablo wretches who earn their daily bread upon tho stream bear a closeand alarming likeness, botli in their aspects and their motions, to the demons who oro supposed to bo condemned to endless tortures. You see them frantically grasping tho ropes of vessels, by which they oro swung i up into tho nir, to be swung down into .sightless depths, from whence exhausted, blistered with heat, .and blackened with ashes, they presently omorge, to undergo over rigain tho same ; round of = horrors, from 6unriso to sunset.- , I havo witnessed this sight, and ean vouch for.fcho accuracy of-my statement j but I can furnish yuu wifch.no eluo to tho.mvstcrv' it involves,— -Jfraser's Magazine iEUBO-PNEUiiojnA.— -It is extremely diffi cult just now to: gain bccurato information of the doings on- tho -various etatious around larra Yarra which have boon visited by this disease. Tho runs cover a wido extent of country, and tlio inspector and commissioners are too deeply engaged in their work to transmit information to tho newspapers. "Wc cannot exactly say what herds of cattle aro actually condemned so far, but moro will bo known when the commissioners hnvo concluded their survey. At present the following runs aro m quarantine, but it is not yet ascertained whether tho whole of the cattlo on each run will havo to bo destroyed, although this will most probably bo the ease : — Owner. ' ; Cattle.' M Liutin... ... ... (1000 Greene ... ... ... 4000 Hcriott ... ... .... .. ... : ... 3000 £0SV ... ... ... 2003 , Bowler ... ... 2000 Robinson... ... ; ... 2000 , Purtcll ... ... ... ... ... 2080 Williams 1200 , gyoii „ ... ... 1000 Bardwell... , ... goo 'The above is only an approximate statement, and from the difiioulty of gaining information on tlio subject, it is quite possible there miy bo errors in Hie estimate of cattle on enoli run. Diseased cattle have been found at Smith's, Smclliwick's, Wilson's, and other stations, so that tho line of quarantine is likely to bo fur ther extended. Altogether it is believed 40,000 cattle will bo killed before the diseaso is extinguished. Whether the Sydney Go- vornment will feel justified in paying so largo an amount of compensation out of the general revenue, .remains to bs-Been. Our belief is that those who aro first to claim tho compen sation will bo tlio best off. Tlio most reason able way of paying for tho cattlo would bo to impose en assessment of sixpence a head upon all cattlo owned by the squatters, thus forming a kind of insurance fund to guaranteo from ruin tlioso who mny bo so unfortunate as to have tho epidemic upon, their stations. We den't suppose the squatters as a body would grumble nt this, especially if some guaranteo were afforded that . the money would bo daroted only.to the nurnoses for which it was colleotcd.- -Federal Standard , 23rd Nov. ' The Ancient London Shopkeeper. — Proteus Fedivivus, republished in 1G84, gives tlio following 'sketch i— " Metbinks I see him standing at his shop door, in cold wcathor, eithor blowing his fingers, eagerly waiting (if lie be a young man) for a kick at the football, and beating hi3 sides with his own hand, nnd so makes _ every cold day a Good Friday to 'chastise him for the sins ho hath committed. If any porson pass by him, - and but look into his shop, lie fondly imagines him a customer, and entreats for his own necessities by asking others what they lack. If any chanco to stop in, he bath lipqus poous tricks enough to delude tbem, and rarely Bhall they stir out (liko sheep engorged in briars) but they shall leave some flooco bohind them. Some have dark Bliops with false lights, which wondorfully set off a commodity j others (for want of that) make uso of their own t-ongues, arrogantly commend ing their own wares, and protesting whatever thoy exhibit to view is the best in the town; though the worst, in his shop. His words are, liko his wares, twenty of ono sort, and ho goes ovor them aliko to all comers." The same authority' says that the traders of his timo have brokon through a custom of his ancestors,' and made Monday a goneral day for the settle ment of accounts instead of Saturday, which tlio author says " is tho melancholicst pnrt of tho whole wcok, not so much by reason of tho poppish and humorous planet which governs it, but by reason of too' many insufferable duns, who trend the streets in terror; and that is the reason some citizen's can' as well be hanged as keep out of nincpin. houses in Moor- fields on this day," to be out of sight of these ghostly apparitions that haunt their ghost at the ond of the week." The Late Frost, Leabmonth, 19th Nov. — Many notices have of lato appeared of tlio damage dorm by the frost of Thursday night last, but it is impossible yet to tell tlio amount of it. It is perfectly enormous; some of tho wheat presented a bleached eppcarnnco on Sunday last, and people then thought thoy saw the whole amount of injaiy done to that crop, but the white, dcad-hkej appearance is spreading fast, and there now "shows about twice as much hopelessly withered as appeared, at that time; somo of tlio wheat, was struck low iii the stalk, and was longer in 'lying, but it is none tlio loss irref rievably lost, and plenty of it wont pay foricutting and saving as a liny crop. It is really pitiful to seo tlio loss-sus tained. Many farmers aro only just linking a living, nnd I know not how thoy u i'l wcatli r it. Thoy will certainly be ruined. Messrp. Bnird, Vaugban, Bath, Brewster, Bank in, Caldow, M'Kuy, Laidiaw, nnd Vulanc) have none oi them iost under 40 acres, and soma of them over 100 acres, nnd many others that I do not know are equally unfortu'ate. All on low lint farms are heavy sufferers. Mb. Knight and the Exhibition. — The following is from tlio Ballaarat Star-.— Mr.. J. G. Knight, agent to the Victorian Contin gent of tlio Groat International Exhibition, lias just returned from Clunes, after making nrrangeuif nts for tlio transit to London of the working modal quartz crushing battery, which has boon completed, at the oxponse of tlio Royal Commission, under tlio superintendence of tlio Chines Company. . Mr. Knigl.t tie- ' scribes himself ns highly gratified with the quality of tlio workmanship, alike an honour, to tho district and. tlio colony.. A hnndsouic award hn9 been inado by tho Climes Company,- in tho shape oftwenty tons of tha best quartz, but tliis and other similar grants received, up. to this time, will prove quite inadequate 'to' keep the bnttcy nt work in London, or practically show i's capabilities. ' Mr. Knight requests us to stale that tlio catalogue of exhibits from Ballaarat, of every kind — mineral especially — ire far behind thoso of other goldtiolds — Bocclnvorth foi- instance — and not nt all calculated to convoy a just impression of our surpassing resjurees' m tlint department. 'Through u3, lie nppoais oh.ee.moro to tlio mining public, fur further contributions before his departure for London. Besides' being desirous of having Bamplcs of lignite, wash dirt, and conglomoriito, ho finds it a sino qua non to possess himself of ns much quartz as wili'kcop tlio battery going. For tliis purposo he solicits contributions' ol quartz, of any degree of richnoss, for which duo re turn will .be made. An agent will, in the courso of a few days, wait upon -the principal claimholdcrs for this purpose. As it is also tho intention cf Mr. Knight to oonstriict, in the ... Exhibition Building, in London, a tunnel or drive, lined with quartz, and speci mens m situ, lio is naturally desirous " of obtaining specimens for tho purpose. For t heso tho Commission hold themselves responsible, - for they will eithor return them to the agents in London, which tho owners may appoint, or hand over the monoy value. Such speci mens will bo inscribed witli all tho pariicu'ars of thoir discovery, and thus the proposed drive, which will bo lib with gav proraisca to' bo a most attractive portion of tlio Exhibit ion. Tho drive is to be fifty feet in length, and to bo, approached by shafts forty foot deep. 'The shafts will in overy respect bo constructed so as .to - resemble reality, and visitors will- be low- ored down and. raised by. hydraulio lifts. Spe cimens; and bags of quartz may bo sent to tlio Sub Treasury, Ballaarat, , nddroasod to Mr. Knight, ond bo duly acknowledged. 1 : A Resiini30Enoe op Old Coaching Days.— On ell the great high roads of Eng land there is some liouso that was""famoiis for something. At Hartley row it used to ba stowod carp ; ni Godalming, n spatchcock ; nl Sittingbourne, veal outlets; trout at St. Al- bnn's ; tlio sauce to oat it with— good, nlso, for rumpstcaks-r-at Bedford ; mutton ond chickens —marred, however, by too much mntri- mony— ot Burford bridge ; eels ot "Watford ; spioed baof at Grantham; and so 011 of the rest. "The Castle " nt Marlborough was celebrated, I booh found, for what you seldom got in perfection any where, out of Normandy : a roast capon. Tlio rearing of cnpon3 appears to have been practised timo oat of mind at Marlborough, for Oamden tells U3 Hint ovory freeman on his admission to the '.guild. was bound to present tho mayor with a cauplo of UrfiTllOUDQfla fits' ft wlllf A Ailltnvta ' anrl ' a I— . I — bull.- \- > Mij/wua, U4U O Wit lit; -Dickens s Household TVords xiiffi in pabi?. — Tho Court of Assizes of the Seiuo on Saturday tried a yoiui" min named Thevenin, a bookkeeper, for robbery atid embezzlement, to tho prcjndicj of his ctli- ployor, M. Bruneau, a dealer in trimmings, residing in tlio rue do la Fidolite, nt Pari-.. The court was crowdod to hear this triil, as it was known. that M. Bnuiosu lind discovered' an adulterous intorcourso botweon tlie nccusod and Madamo Brunoau, and that. tho latter would be examined as a witness. It appeared from the evidence tluit Thevenin entered M. Bruneau's establishment in 1853, liighly re ,!"m,cnded 09 a good man of business and a skilful accountant, at a salary of. 1800f., whi :h was afterwards increased. M. Brunoau, in November last, went to Lyons, and during liis absonco the business was managed by Madams Brunoau and tlio prisoner. While nt Lyons he. received an anonymous lotter informing liitn of his wife's misconduct with' Thevenin. Ho roturnod suddenly, and took measures for proving tho fact of the adultery, but without success. M. Brunoau was nevertheless con vinced that ho hod been correctly iuformad, and as his clerk had deceived him in 011c respect he began to doubt his fidelity in others. Ho accordingly employed a porson to exam ne hiS( account-books, and great irrogul irities wore discovered, tlio object of which was .to conceal embezzlements amounting to about' 20,000f. On Bcuvcliing tlio prisoner's lodgings many articles, were found belonging to Bruncuu, especially a gold tassel belonging to tho uniform of au-oUlcor of the Notional Guard, wliieh lind bcon token from his iron chest by the ail of folso keys. Thoro wero nlso Bevcral lorr- letters nnd a look of hair markod " Ma-ie Bruno—," which left 110 doubt as to tho pri.-o- nors relations with Madame Brunoau. .Tlio evidence given 011 the trial was very contradic tory, and one of the prisoner's witn'sses made a deposition so different from what lie lied given before tho examining magistrate tint lie was 'ordered into custody by the Court on a charge ' of perjury. Madame Bruneau in" giving her evidcnco admitted lior guilty reln- tions with the accused. The prisoner," in ins defenco, declared that lie had deposited 9000f. in the hands of Bruneau without taking miy receipt for tlio sum, thinking it stilii. ient to havo the deposit ontcred in tlio ledge . No mention of any sueli Bum could bo foim J ii tho books, and tho prisoner declared that the loaf ; containing it had been torn out bv Bruneau. Ono witness deposed that tho cm", bezzjemonts 'had been committed by a predo- cessor of Thevenin. M. Laohaud addressed fcno Court in defenco of tlis prisoner, and did not finish his speech till a lato hour. 'The jury then. retired, and at two o'clock in tile miming returned into court with a verdict of Not Guilty. Tho Court ordered tho prisoner to bs 1 set at liberty. M. Bruneau's counsel their demanded tlsat Tliovcnin should be condemned to restore tho sums duo to his client, nnd tho Court, after hearing M. Lachaud for 'Thevenin, condemned tho latter to pay Bruneau the sum of 18000f. as damages, witli all the ci't' in curred by mnking that demand. Before tiio Court rose the President ordered tho release of' tho witness who had been arrested.— Times. 