WHAT IS TRUTH t MR- FAWNS' LECTURE. To the Editor of the Launciston Examiner Hobart Town, 26th September, 1861. Sis,—It is with much paiiful reluotance I have to request of ycu to give admission to i hie letter. Having lately printed in 1he bxsmia'-r a lecture on Rome delivered b.F Mr Fawne, jonr, containing, as I beliere, many erronevUB statements, siat-ments not only oa'oulated to lead persons astray regarding imprrtact matters, bat alsi to ceate aupiiitif religi.ins discord, heart; burnings and animositirs; I trnsc you will in j sties give me an opportunity to lay auah fac's before your read ere aa will I hope prove that Mr fawns has not given correct accounts in this lecture, B«'oie procetding to do so I beg you will be go good as to reprint yoarintrod ction to the lecture ss found in your paper 12lh Sep * m^e-:— Mr. Fawns' Lectors on Roue.— Mr Fawns friends feel indignant at the insult that has li->ii offered to liim, and ask in justice to liir. that li s lecture so far as possible, may be publi hed from the notes be has left behind. As a na'ive of the c lo iv and a dfsiendant of tlie followers of John Knox, he does not untlcrst nd why he should be denied tbe liberty of speech here lie enjoyed in Great Britain ; and although compelled to depart for Eunpe and theiefore unable to defend him self, lie left this message - that be was no professional lecturer and bad only delivered five or six in his life -, Ibat it by special request he consented to address auiiences in tiiis island, (but he had no intention to offend any one; that lie never beard of gasworks or saw ^tisluhts in Rome, and tbat bis descriptions were confined to what he saw and experienced and not to what be knew nothing Uiout; in short, ibat IK 1 communicated nothing new, but what ha i i xisted for centuries and w&fa; alriady well known. Her*- lia-P >nur authority that Vir Fawns hae Rtatrd tiolhin? but "what he taw an'". * xpertne- eo." 'i hat circumstance wit', 1 hope, i,e uuly noted by thole whj may nad this ictur. v> i'h i-gard to ycor assertion that this g'ntirmaii ' li. d no intention to offend any one," 1 niey be peruii' ed to remark that th» tcne m d tenor of the lecture convince me Mr Fowoj did not trouble hitns-If re girding 'he te-hnxa of his Catholic fellow lown-.tnen, and that <aci I think I shall be able to demonstrate to the sati*. faction all men of candid mi-uds before I conclude • this c mu.uni(.ati»n. 1 t are to desire to enter upon the various etrors in ihe lecture—such te tbe want of •wai'-r iti i>ome, the closing of the Ghetto at ten at mBht, the ten thousand pri sts, only ten .housaud ! tht liw compelling ell men t' go t contesBion t ice each year, the worn out and r.ao;e ns calumny that tbe Coui cil of 1 r nt hud decreed that " tbe 3\,p ar.d .h: Lord fjrm the samy tribunal, so that ein exespttd the Prpe can do all that God can do!" '! hEBe and mar.y other ir.atiers I ehall pass uver, and only call special attention to the following state- ments made by Mr Fawns as positive existing facts. 1\. Mr Fawns arserto—"The streets at night ate only lighted by a small nil lamp suspended betwien tbe houses on each side by a string, with very little oil and very little wirk, you get no real benefit, only, in fact, become cognizant of the darkness." Subsequently he says he has " no recollection of gas." My last visit to Borne was in 1851, where I spent between four or five months Whenever in the streets in the evening there I found as brilliant gas lamps as I ever met with in England, Frsaee, or Australia—lamps, not suspended in the middle of tbe streets, but on posts at tbe sides of the booses, and on posts aa elegant ns those in L ndon or Hobart Town. How Hr Fawns could mistake these brilliant t>&B; lights for shabby oil ones, of course I oannot devise; but that be did so is actually proved, if we are to believe his words: and this circumstance alone must convince any rational being tbat either this gentleman's vision was so imperfec as not toaliowhim to distinguish tbe difference between tiu twinkling of a miserable oil .'cmp and a brilliant gas light, or that he has statdd in his lecture what he knew Was not correct. In either case tbe testiuuay of such a witness can be of little •worth. And whilst speaking on the eabject of pub, 1 might ask, h^w could it ooeur that Wuen Mr Fawns was in that part of Rome •wliere stood the palace of the Casus, he c.md avoid steins a huge building, huge in length and breadth, with it* lofty tuimoty, and shaped lile no other bailding vt it tadM&te; di&aMmfc; erection, and know not to what use it was appropriated, he bad not the curiosity to enquire f Had he done so, he would have been informed it was the place where the gaa was made to light the public streets and private h-uses t and by that mesnB, at all events, ha would have ascertained that gas was us^d even in Borne. He telle ns in bis lecture that Hove oontaioa a population of 100,000; you may therefore easily imagine tbe gas works are not on a very limited scale. Bat still this building, we mas' suppose, escaped Mr Fawns' observation! Well, be it so! 2\. Mr Fawns states—" A Roman prison is an awful plans, where you are elmojt sure to be devoured with vermin, and only once a diy, a handful of corn ib given to be tniied with water as food " This Mr Fawns has seen, or can pledge himself as to its truth. I, too, have visited Roman prisons, and pe'haps as many times as that gent etnan ; and, not being enti ely a novic - un prison ma ters, was anxiona to examine minute y tdose io Rome. Some of them riqairea • ineiderable alt-rations in tbeir arrang, - ment, &c;, and Mr Ma;nire, in his bjoks on Rome, tells us, that great improvements were in progress. Bat, 1 ir, to the point in question. I can state, that I have been present when the rations were served out—have carefully examined and tasted them—and can affirm that it haB never been my lot to see food co good, and so plentiful, in any gaol in England (and I have tcenmany) or in Frince, N«w £outh Wales, Victoria, or Tasmania. I mean the f.lons' jails in Rome. A groserr calumny waa never fabricated than that about " the handful of corn once a day " I must presame Mr Faw e has allowed some impudent knave to impose upon him with the > ile story. Charity for him, dictates this supposition. 3\. Mr Fawns observes—"There is one more peculiar ceremony, There is one more peculiar ceremony performed by one of tbe Cardina's during Holy Week. He curses all Jews, Turks, and Heretic*, which last include several thousands of Protect mts, English, American, and (ierman, spending the winter in Borne. These are cOrsed by " Bell, Book', and Candle" Tbe little bell is rung, the rur<,e it sung f-om tbe book, and the lignted tapers are thrown down amongst tbe people. Wheo all tbe monks and priests are assembled in the Cathed al« the Cardinal prouounees the following curse:—" By the authority of God the Father Almighty, of the blessed Virgin Mary, of 8t Peter and St Paul, and of tbe Holy Saints - first an excommuniration, and then tbe Cardinal with a deep voice proceeds thus,—We curse and ban (or outlaw), commit and deliver to the Devil of Hell him or her whatsoever he or she may be excommunicated and accursed, may they be and giren bo iy and soul to the Devil; cursed be they in cities, in towns, in fields, in ways, in paths, in bouses, out of houses, a^d all other places, standing, lying or rising, walking, running, waking, sleeping, eating, drinking, and whatsoever thing tbey do besides We eparate them fioai the threshold and from all prayers of the Church, from the holy mass from all the sacraments, from holy bread and holy water, from all tlie merits of God's priests and religious mr-n, from all pardons, privileges, grants, immunities which all the Holy Fathers and the Popfsof Rome have granted, and we give them over utterly lo the power of tbe fiend, and let us quench tbeir souls if they be dead this night in tbe pains ol hell-fire as this candle is put out (one is put out) ; and et us pray to God that if they be alive *heir eyes may be put out as this candle is put out (second candle put out); and let us pray to God, and to our Lady, and to St Peter and St Paul, and all the Holy Saints, that atl tbe senses of their body may fail tbem, and tbat |they may have no leelinn as now this candle is cone (thrown down), exeept tbey come openly and now confess tbeir blasphemy, end by repentance as in ihem shall lie, make confession and satisfaeti n to God, our Lady, St Peter, and the worshipful company of thia our Cathedral Church." As this "peculiar ceremony" takes place pu-licit in th% Cathedral, that is. io St Pe-er'a, Mr Fawns, no doubt, was present, aa we are told " that he pledges himself on his honor, thit he etates nothing but whst he snw." Now, Sir, it has been my gojd fortune to be in Rome three different times during Holy Week, and each titre 1 have had. the happin"^ to attend the subhae set vices of the Chu'ch ii that Cathedril. Not, howeve-, u itil I ead the curse io your newspaper, did I ever hear on'i word about this cursing oetvice I h"e cevttioly a tol-raVe ac quaintanc; with the Rom>n Liturgy having had it pretty constantly in my hands for nearly half a century; and, would you b-li- ve me, I have never met with this " peculiar serviae" in any of its parte. Of course if this awful ceremony and fearful curse really took place, either in Home or in any portion of the Latin Church, it must be foutid in Botne part of the Liturgy. The Liturgy of the Uhu ch does not change wi.h " every wind of doctrine." Bu', still ilia quite trne that I ha^e been present when a Cardinal officiated iu St Peter's ''athedral, in Holy week, when pries's and monks were there, and when he has men tijned Biiliiematict aud heretics (I presume that Mr Fawns will allow there is such a sin aa heretics, at least St Paul di J), but I heard no curse uttered. The following prayer was poured forth, but forsooth, it savours 'very little of a curse, as you will perceive:— "O Almighty and Eternal God, who s&veat; all, ard wouldst have rone to perish ; look down on those souls that are seduced by [he deceits of the devil; that the fcfartg of all those that err, laying aside all heretical malice, may repent and return r.n the unity of ths truth. Through Jesus Christ our Lord, who liveatone Qod world without end. Amen." There are also other services io St Peters, in Holy Week, when with a Car dinal, or Cardinals, Priests and Monks attend, and when tapers are lighted, and from time '.to time, eitinguished ; and I am strongly inclined to Suppose the wonderful story Mr Fawns related to tbe good people of Lannceston about the cursing and lighted tapers, had its origin in this function. Let ns examiue a little. Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday evenings, in Holy Week, the divine office for the clergy is termed " Tenet-ne," because it takes place towards dark honr, and many, ,even et asgers, wish to attend. The first part of this divine eer rice consists of nine of the Psalms of David, referring, chiefly, to our blessed Lord and his sufferings, and at the end f each Fealm, a taper is extinguished, to remind us of the approaching death of tbe World's Redeemer—that is, of what took place. Then portions from the La. menta'Iocs of the Prophet Jeremiah are sung in plaintive tones. This section of the office is followed by other Psalms, the tapers being eitinguished until the canticl» o Zachariah is chanted (*t Luke 1.) and then when all the lights are put oat, the Miser*re Psalm is sung or reoited (whioh I hope Mr Fawns heard in the Siztioe Chapel), concluding with this sublime and "' Christ became obedient for us unto death, even the death of tbe cross.' " Look down, <> Lord, we beseech Thee, on this Thy family, for which cur Lord Jeans Christ, did not hesitate to be delivered into the hands of wicked men, end to suffer the torment of the cross ; who lives and reigns with the Father and the Holy Ghost, for ever and ever. Amen." And thus you have thf plain and simple statement of what actually takes place in St Peter's, and, in fact, in every portion of the Latin Church, at that saored time. And, Sir, is it not lamentable t-at a gentleman in Mr Fawns' position can stand forth before a company of his fellow townsmen, and tell them that he has been present and beard in Rome tbe vile cu r se uttered which you have pnb isht-d to the world I Can the.report of thii portion of his lecture be true f If so, 1 would again fain beliere tbat he has allowed himself to beojme the dupe of e <me impudent Knave, or that he has copied thia wicked at iiy from some of those vtls publications made to catch the u-.wary, and to pander to the ignorance or morbid appetite of the weak minded, the bigoted, or the modern Pharisee. Having mide this statement in the humble hope tbat charity, which has be^o wantonly wounded by Vlr Fawns, miy, in some measure be healed, and that the lojt prin s of religious etrife he has left behind mmonsiil bi'herto p-ouliarly free from animosity and bitter wrangiiugs, may be epeedilf eradicated, I beg leavj to add that 1 sball not eater inro controversy with any one, nor sha:i I no'ice any anonjmous communications that may appear iu tbe pub;io prints, nor even suoh as have re- >peo able names artaohed, unless referer.ee is made solely totheth ea topics I have oomm nt i upon, vis—Gas, p.'iaon fare, and the ul e^rd frightful curse. I have contra-acted theue tlirea assertions mads by Mr Fawu« aud have 1 kid before yon aid toe pub ic the g'oucds for so doing. Duty to my tin k, v.hosj feel ings have bee , wounded, a d to the pntiiic at J-fyes-H-med to demand this meaeureof m and 1 hope I have clearly demum trated tbat Mr Fawns is not a witness worthy of credit; that prejudioe, blind zeal, and fanaticism have caused him not to aej things in Rome that really exist; to see things that did notexist, a-.d t„h=ar things that were never uttered. Zeal, when based on truth, justioe, aud charity, is no doubt most commendable; but w hen these nacred virtues are disregarded it becomes pernieious and baneful. Tbe warning so emphatically given us by the wisest of men should check as iu our seal when justice, truth, and the happiness of others are at etake—" These six things doth the Lord hate: yea, seven tre an abomination unto him. A taee witness that epeaketh lies and he tbat sowetb discord among brethren."—Proverbs vi, 16,18. I am, Sir. Tour ob dient servant, t R W. Willson, Catholic Bishop of Hobarton. 