THE ITALIAN PARLIAMENT. I WE subjoin a report of the exciting scene which has just taken place in the Italian Parliament The correspondent of the Times at Turin thus describes Garibaldi's appearance in the Chamber on Friday : " At ten minutes before two o'clock the building shook with the frantic applause which announced Garibaldi's arrival. The uproar lasted three or four minutes. The General, who appeared in plain clothes last session, was clad in his usual red shirt," surmounted by a grey poncho of Scotch plaid, a picturesque and majestic costume. His countenance was flushed, and he bore no trace of the indisposition he had lately suffered from he looked aged, however. The lion look was sobered by a profusion of grey about the long mane. There was the usual benignant, calm, supremely dignified expression in his face." In the course of his speech as to the Southern army Garibaldi said I put it to the conscience of the Hon. Chamber, and of Count Cavour himself, whether I ought ever to shake hands with the man who made me a foreigner in Italy ? (Murmurs.) As to dualism, I again say Italy is not divided, for Garibaldi is with all the friends of Italy. (Applause I must now address General Fanti. The General compels me to speak of myself. He says, that last year he went to Central Italy (where he superseded Garibaldi in command) to put down anarchy. (No, no.) I deny it. There was no anarchy. Fanti and others : No, no ! Such an assertion was never made. Garibaldi : As to the Southern army, gentlemen, it has done glorious deeds. In spite of the hostility of the Government Here the uproar began : Crispi brawls for order. Garibaldi reads on, perfectly undisturbed. Cavour (ironically) : This is your conciliation. Garibaldi (with great calmness) : I know I speak the truth. Thirty years' services, I think, give men a right to speak out. In spite of the fratricidal war (increased noise) Cavour (ina fury) : We protest. We must not be so insulted. The orator must be called to order. General Garibaldi is a bad citizen. , Here the din of voices became terrific. Garibaldi thrice uttered the obnoxious words, " fratricidal war." The President put on his hat, and most of the members rushed from their places. The melee in the centre of the hall, round the Ministers' table, was truly appalling. In the midst of it Crispi was seen bawling, gesticulating like a maniac. Chaos reigned for fifteen or twenty minutes. When order was restored, the President re-appeared in his place, and after a short admonition to Garibaldi and a threat to take from him the parole, or permission to speak, if he allowed himself unparliamentary expressions, Garibaldi again rose : "The King is a warrior and an honest matiCguerriero galanixwmo), and he proclaimed that the Southern army had deserved well of the country. The Chamber will say that army did its duty ; history will repeat it. Then what has General Fanti done with it? Could he not have dealt with it as he did with the Central Italian army? Were we not as highly deserving? And if it was necessary to disband it, could it not be done without humbling it? With six months' pay offered to any who chose to leave the ranks, -what army could be kept together The men went, of course ; the officers remained, and even most of them had to resign, so many were the humiliations to which they had to submit." Bixio rose to speak in the name of concord and of Italy. He said he was an Italian above all things. He had faith in Garibaldi, but he also trusted the patriotism of Count Cavour. " Gentlemen, I have a beloved family at home. Gentlemen I would willingly give that family and my own self to be able to join the hands of these two great men to bring them to forget and forgive. Parties, gentlemen, are raining us; they are disgracing as. We must forget and forgive," This blunt but hearty eloquence went home to every man's soul, and after Bixio's speech another outbreak would have been impossible. Count Cavour then spoke. He claimed that he had organised the volunteers in 1859, and he defended the measures of the Government as regards the Southern army. In a second speech, replying to Garibaldi, Count CSYCUI Hud.;-"ïuerc fe that between GcMX«! Garibaldi and myself which, I fear, can never pass away. An abyss yawns between us, precluding every chance of a good understanding. There was a cruel duty which I was under an iron necessity to fulfil. From the sorrow the cession of Savoy and Nice cost my own heart, I can value and respect the grief it must have caused General Garibaldi. If he will never forgive me, I can at least understand the feelings which make him inexorable." The Count then explained some proceedings towards the Volunteers in Lombardy, adopted in 1859 by the Government. Garibaldi declared himself satisfied with the explanations' of the President of the Council. He allowed that Count Cavour was a lover of Italy, and for the sake of the country's weal he proposed that the Volunteers, not to be kept idle, should be sent to the South to quell the reactionary factions in the Neapolitan provinces. After a conciliatory speech by SignorConforti, Count Cavour said " I am glad that the speaker who preceded me has so a ell and worthily spoken of concord. I wish to treat a question raised by General Bixio. He said, at the beginning of his speech, that his colleagues and he wished to send in their resignations, in consequence of certain words that fell from the Minister of War, and which they have interpreted-I affirm it positively-in an erroneous manner. It never entered the minds of the Ministry to consider their respective ranks otherwise than as deserving of all respect. The Ministry, I declare positively, has never ceased to honour the valour and the military qualities of General Garibaldi's lieutenants. All of them are dear to us ; there is one of them who has been for twenty-five years the Minister of War. When these honourable men think of resigning they do not dream of the consequences of such an act. General Bixio, above all, did not dream that in the very sitting in which he made that declaration it would be made to serve the purposes of a parliamentary manoeuvre. His patriotism will dissuade him from such a project. " I now come to the gist of the question. Some speakers have spoken against the decree of April 11, respecting the Southern army, accusing it of being unconstitutional in two respects. First, as being prejudicial to the position of the officers of the Southern army ; General Cugia has shown, on the contrary, that their position is respected by it. Second, because the organisation of the corps was made by Ho) al decree, and not by deliberation of the Chamber. This latter accusation is brought by Signor Mellana, who demands that a project of law should be brought in on that point. This is a very serious imputation, for the first Italian Parliament ought to be jealous of all its rights, and not to let the executive authority encroach on the legislative. But I say it does not belong to Parliament to deliberate on the organisation of corps ; otherwise it would be impossible ever to organise an army quickly enough. It would take whole sessions of Parliament to discuss the decrees that have been issued quite recently respect- ing the army. I cannot be very precise as to the army over the administration of which General Fanti presides ; but as to the navy, the portfolio of which I hold, I declare that all the degrees which I have presented for the Royal signature during the last few months would take several years to discuss by the Chamber. If Signor Mellana'a views had been carried out I should not have been able, as, thanks to the concurrence of the chiefs of the Genoese and Neapolitan services, I have been to fuse together the fleet of the north and that of the south. As it it is, there is no longer a Neapolitan navy or a Sardinian navy there is an Italian navy." (Cheers.) After some remarks of similar bearing respecting works of fortification, Count Cavour went on " Two orders of the day have been presented, on which I must dwell for a short time that of Baron Ricasoli, which offers General Garibaldi every satisfaction without precipitating us into any forced or imprudent step and that of General Garibaldi, which, while agreeing with the substance of Baron Ricasoli, demands the immediate reconstruction of the southern army." General Garibaldi : I withdraw the word " im- mediate." Count Cavour: I am coming to that. General Garibaldi made in fact, a great step towards Baron Ricasoli by suppressing the word, and adding to the order of the day an expression, which I applaud with all my heart, concerning concord and respect for the laws. However, this order of the day demands only that the cadres of the southern army should be put in active service, it being reserved to the ministry to fill them up when they see fit to do so. I wish I could fully concur in General Garibaldi's views, but two immense obstacles prevent my doing so. Having alluded to the first of these obstacles, which I was of a technical nature, and of which General Cugia had spoken in the previous sitting, Count Cavour went on to speak of the political obstacle : " It is not distrust which made us shrink from putting the cadres in active service ; we have no dis. trust of such persons as Generals Medici, Sirtori, Bixio, and their friends, and I do not hesitate to say that, apart from questions of foreign- policy, I should I have no difficulty in carrying dnthe government in a capital where the garrison should be commanded by General Bixio, for example. But art army constituted I by General Garibaldi, and constituted in a very good, though exceptional fashion has a character which. [ belongs necessarily to a state of war ; it is impossible | to employ such in time of peace ; it cannot be recon I Etituted without an almost instant war. General | Bixio's speech yesterday would have proved this, if it had needed proof. It is clear that, after that speech, if the Government were to put a division on active service, and give him the command of it, it would be taken everywhere as a declaration of war." The Court then showed that the English Volunteer force furnished no precedent for the step proposed ; the composition, character, and relation to the Government of that force being altogether different from those of the army of Southern Italy. The rest of Count Cavour speech dwelt chiefly on the general principles of his policy, already amply explained in his former speeches and despatches. In speaking of England he said " I have been reproached with being unfaithful to my first loves of partiality to England, almost of Anglomania. It is a very unjust reproach. But no one respects England more than I do ; has a higher estimate both of her character and her immense power and I think, therefore, that we ought to follow the policy which she counsels, especially now when she is governed by the best friends we have in that noble country-by men who spoke and acted for us before revolutions broke out." In conclusion he said 'Whatever may be the opinion of the Chamber, this discussion will have borne good fruit. It will have lessened the distance that separates us, if it his not quite brought us together, and it will have told the country and Europe what policy the majority of the Parliament approves." In the sequel of the discussion Garibaldi spoke a few sentences, stating that politically he was disposed to go with Count Cavour an announcement which was received with cheers. He further said, that though not satisfied with the treatment of the Southern army, he should bow to the opinion of the Chamber. Baron Ricnsoli's order of the day was adopted by 104 votes against 77. MUNIFICENCE OF THE PRINCE OF WALES. When the Prince of Wales was in Canada last autumn, a lady, a Mrs. Second, endeavoured to obtain access to his presence for the purpose of setting forth a claim to consideration for having, during the war of 1812, carried the intelligence in the night to the officer commanding a certain position on the frontier, of some movements of the enemy, thus leading to the prevention of a surprise, and probably bloodshed and defeat. She met with repulses, however, on every occasion on which she endeavoured to urge her plea, and at Queenston Heights, when the Royal party were there was moved roughly off the platform. Her case, however, was subsequently mentioned to gentlemen who had been introduced to the Duke of Newcastle, and who addressed him on the subject, setting forth the particulars of the service she had performed. The Duke at once replied that the case should be submitted to his Royal Highness. This was accordingly done, and the Prince Ead sent Mrs. Secord the handsome present of 500 dollars for the heroism and patriotism she displayed upon the occasion referred to Canadian News, MUNIFICENT BEQUESTS BY A BACHELOR, The Aberdeen Herald, in a notice of the deceased Mr. James Ross, Cuparstone, says, that by his will the following institutions will benefit to the amounts named Boys' and Girls' Hospital, £2000 j Blind Asylum, £500 ; Orphan Female Hospital, £500 ; sundry local charities, including the Infirmary, Dispensary, c, in all £500. The residue of his estate, yielding, it is expected, about £7000, is to go to the endowment of schools in the Holburn district. He has also left £3000 of legacies to private individuals, besides making ample provision for relatives FRIENDS' FIRST DAY SCHOOLS-The a recent number (No. 479) an account was quoted from Mr. White's to All Round the Wrekin." of a visit to the late Joseph Sturge's schools. In order to prevent misunderstanding, it may be as well to say that no approval was signified of the practice of giving secular jMUttcUoa as the Lord's play, A PROVIDENTIAL APPARITION The following vouched for appeals in the London Reviewing the year 1828 a Mr. Robert Bruce was chief mate of a barque trading from Liverpool to New Brunswick. When near the banks of Newfoundland, the captain i and mate were one day calculating their progress the mate in the state room, and the captain in the cabin near it. Being absorbed in his work, Bruce had not perceived that the captain had gone on deck and without looking round, he called out, "I make our longitude so-and- so; can that be right? How is yours, sir ?" Receiving no reply, he repeated the question, glancing over his shoulder, and perceiving, as he thought, the captain busy writing on his slate. Still receiving no answer, he rose, and fronted the cabin door, when the figure he had mistaken for the captain looked up, and disclosed the features of an entire stranger. Bruce, terrified at the grave and silent gaze, rushed upon deck, and the captain, of course, begged to know what was the matter. " The matter, sir ! who is that at your desk ? " " No one, that I know of. "But there is, sir; there's a stranger there." "A stranger! why, man, you must be dreaming. You must have seen the steward there, or the second mate. Who else would venture down without orders ? " But, BUT he was sitting in your arm-chair flouting the door, writing on your slate. Then he looked up full in my face ; and if ever I saw a man plainly and distinctly in this world, I saw him." "Him! whom?" "God knows, sir; I don't. I saw a man and a man I had never seen in my life before." " You must be growing crazy, Mr. Bruce. A stranger ! and we nearly six weeks out ? " "I know, sir; but then I saw him." "Go down, and see who it is." Bruce hesitated.- " I never was a believer in ghosts," he said, " but if the truth must be told Sir, I'd much rather not face it alone. I'd rather we should both go down together." They went-the captain foremost-but no one was to be found. Taking up the slate, the captain saw the words, plainly written on it, "Steer to the nor'- west." Bruce averred it was not his writing, and the captain made him put down the same words to compare them. The same he did with the steward, the second mate, and every man of the crew that could write at all, but none of the hands cones - ponded. When every nook and corner of the vessel had been searched, from stem to stern, with all the eagerness of excited curiosity, but no stranger could be found, the captain seriously consulted whether the warning ought not to be obeyed and finally he directed the mate to change the course to north-west and employ a trusty man to Jock out. About three o'clock an iceberg was descried, and afterwards a dismantled ship entangled in it, with many human beings on board. On a nearer approach she was found to be a mere wreck, her provisions exhausted, and her crew and passengers almost famished. Boats were sent for them and as one of the men from the third boat was ascend- ing the ship's side, the mate started back in con- sternation for it was the face, the person, the dress of him he had seen at the captain's desk three or four hours before. When the hurry was over, and the barque was on her course again, the mate called the captain aside. " It seems it was not a ghost I saw to-day, sir. The man's alive. One of the passengers we have just saved is the same man I saw writing on your slate at noon, I would swear to it in a court of justice." Together they sought out the man and the captain, inviting him down into the cabin, begged he would do him the favour to write on his slate. "Suppose you write * Steer to the nor'west r'" The passenger, greatly puzzled at the request, complied nevertheless. The captain stepped aside, and giving him the slate again, with the other side up, he said, " You say that is your handwriting ?" "I need not say so, for you saw me write it." " And this ?" said the captain, turning the slate over. The passenger was confounded: "I only wrote one of these." "Who wrote the other?" "That's more than I can tell you, sir." "My mate says you wrote it here-sitting at this desk at noon to- day." Some further conversation took place, in which the captain of the wreck, being present, joined. He explained that this gentleman had fallen into what seemed a heavy sleep, some time before noon, and on>waking after an hour or more, had expressed his confident hope of deliverance, saying that he had dreamed of being on board a barque, the appearance and rig of which he described, exactly as it appeared when she hove in sight. The passenger averred that he had no recollection of dreaming that he wrote anything. He got the impression, he knew not how, that the barque was coming to the rescue. " There is another thing very strange about it," added he, " everything here on board seems quite familiar, yet I am very sure I never was in your vessel before." Whereupon Mr. Bruce told him all the circumstances of the apparition he had seen, and they agreed in the conclusion that it was a special in- terposition of Providence. DR. GUTHRIE AS A TEBTOTAXLEB-At a recent meeting of the Total Abstinence Society of the University of Edinburgh, which numbers nearly four hundred members, Dr. Guthrie, in the course of a characteristic speech, gave the following account of one of his early experiences as an abstainer from alcoholic drink. On the first occasion that he, was asked to a party after he became an abstainer where there was a considerable number of eft<«-lords, judges, and men of literature and science, and of talent and position-he confessed that he felt a little queer. The first time the wine went round, it slipped quietly by, and there was no notice taken. The second time there was no notice taken ; somebody did make a remark, but he was deaf on that side of the head, ' On the third time, there was no shirking it any longer. It was asked, " Are you not well " " Why don't you take wine ? " There was no help for it so he out with it. He said " I have given up drinking wine and I will tell you why I have some two thousand people living without God and without hope in the world ; I find lags and wretchedness in their houses and I walk till my heart is broken, and my limbs are weary, from door to door, and I find in many of their houses no Bible, and no bread ! I see children crying for bread, none to give them and I have ascertained by examination, and I know by long experience, that the cause of all this is drink. I find that to say to this people ' Forward !' is useless ; I must say to them 'Follow !' if I want to have any chance of raising them out of their position. Therefore I have resolved that henceforth, if I can thereby save a girl from going to ruin, for a boy from going to prison, or restore peace to a family, I will touch no drink while the world standeth, lest I make my brother to offend." What was the result ? Opposite him sat Lord Jeffrey. It was the first time he had met that distinguished man, and he saw Lord Jeffrey looking at him, and his eye kindled, and a flush of approbation came upon his cheek and he noticed afterwards, that night, Lord Jeffrey paid him more than ordinary courtesy and attention. People might jeer and laugh; but if any man came forward and made himself a sacrifice for the good of mankind, the public would respect him all the more for it. The exterior of the Bank of England is being coated with a new preparation invented by M. Szerelmey, of the Laboratory, New Houses of Parliament, and named silicatzopissa. The preparation forms a perfect enamel, and dries almost immediately it is applied. The appearance of that portion of the building to which the composition has been applied resembles marble. TELEGRAPHIC COMMUNICATION ACROSS NORTH AMERICS.-Arrangements have been entered into by all the telegraph companies in California, and those east of the Rocky Mountains, to complete the telegraphic communication between New York and San 'Francisco. Operations to effect this are to commence at once. The companies east or west of the Rocky Mountains which reach the Salt Lake first are to receive a premium. AN UNEXPECTED TREASURe On the morning of 24th May, the Rev. Mr. Ambrose, of Park-street, Regent's Park, purchased a parcel of theological books at a stall in Holborn. Amongst them was a work entitled " A Christo Exhortation unto custom- able swearers," by Miles Coverdale, black letter, printed by Nicholas Hill, without date, but supposed to be 1535. On inspecting the volume, Mr. Ambrose discovered seven guineas, of George I., as well as a letter, which, however, did not refer to the money, nor the reason for placing it in its " secret hiding place," sewed up in the cover. THE NATIONAL DEBT On the 31st of March it consisted of £2,081,038 Two-and-a- half per Cents. ; £418,300 Two-and-Three-Quarter per Cents. ; £779,258,542 Three per Cents. ; £2,630,769 Three and-a-Quarter per Cents. ; £240,746 Three- and-a-half per Cents. and £423.603 Five per Cents a total of £786,961,998, on which the annual interest payable amounts to £23,679,340.-BelVi Weekly Me stating tr,TA%j 24. A POPULOUS HOUSE-The Echo du Nord states that by the census which is being taken throughout France it has just been ascertained that one house in the Rue du Plat, Lille, contains 19 families, reckoning among them 101 children, and that twelve more additions to the population are shortly expected by the inmates. The house is let to the families of working men at 6s. a month for two good rooms, and is described by the census officers as being remarkably clean, orderly, and well conducted. M. BLONDÍN.-This celebrated performer on the tight rope was to make his appearance at the Crystal FUND ga the Jit of June, 