THE NARRINYERI, OR TRIBES OF THE LAKES AND LOWER MURRAY. No. II. Worship of the Dead. The Narrinyeri point out several stars, and say that they are deceased warriors who have gone to Heaven (Wyirrewarre). There are Wyungare, and Nepalle, and the Manchingga, and several others. Every native expects to go to Wyirrewarre after death. They also believe that the dead descend from thence, and walk the earth; and that they are able to injure those whom they dislike. Consequently, men who have been notorious in life for a domineer ing and revengeful disposition are very much dreaded after death. For instance, there is Karungpe, who comes in the dead of night, when the camp fire has burned low, and like a rushing wind scatters the dying embers, and then takes advantage of the darkness to rob some sleeper of life; and it is considered dan gerous to whistle in the dark, for Karungpe is especially attracted by a whistle. There is another restless spirit—the deceased father of a boy whom I well know—who is said to roam about armed with a rope, with which he catches people. All the Narrinyeri, old and young, are dreadfully afraid of seeing ghosts, and none of them will venture into the scrub after dark, lest he should encounter the spirits which are supposed to roam there. I have heard some admirable specimens of ghost stories from them. In one case I remember the ghost was represented to have set fire to a wurley, and ascended to Heaven in the flame. The Narrinyeri regard the disapprobation of the spirits of the dead as a thing to be dreaded, and if a serious quarrel takes place between near relatives some of their friends arc sure to interpose with entreaties to the contentions parties to be reconciled, lest the spirits or the dead should be offended at unseemly disputes between those who ought to be at peace. The name of the dead must not be mentioned until his body has decayed, lest a want of sorrow should seem to be indicated by the common and flippant use of his name. A native would have the deceased believe that he cannot hear or speak his name without weeping. But the most direct way in which the reverence of these people is shown for the dead is in their funeral ceremonies. When a man dies they conclude at once that sorcery has been the cause of the mournful event and that either ngadhungi or miilin must have been practised against him. Miilin is a different kind of sorcery from that described in a previous piper. The first night after a man has died his nearest relation sleeps with is head on the corpse, in order that he may be led to dream who is the sorcerer that caused his death. The next day the corpse is elevated on men's shoulders on a sort of bier called ngaratta. The friends of the deceased then gather round, and several names are called out to try if the mention or them produces any effect on die corpse. At last the nearest relative calls out the name of the person of whom he has dreamed, and then an impulse towards him on the part of the dead body is said to be felt by the bearers, which they pre tend they cannot resist, and consequently they walk towards him. This impulse is the sign by which it is known that the right name has been called out. The deceased, still lying on the ngaratta, is then placed over a slow fire for a day or two, until the outer skin blisters. This is removed with the hair, and all the apertures of the body are sewed up. It is then rubbed over with grease and red ochre, and setup naked on a sort of stage inside the wurley in a sitting position. A great lamentation and wail ing is made at this time by all the relations and friends of the dead man. They cut their hair off close to the head, and be smear themselves with oil and pounded char- coal. The women besmear themselves with the most disgusting filth ; they all beat and cut themselves, aud make violent demonstrations of grief. All the relatives are careful to be pre- sent and not to be wanting in the proper signs of sorrow, lest they should be suspected of complicity in causing the death. A slow fire is placed under the corpse, in order to dry it. The relations live, eat, drink, and sleep under the putrefying mass until it is dried. It is then wrapped up in mats and kept in the wurley. During the time in which it is drying the female relatives relieve one another in weeping before the body, so as to keep some woman always weeping in front of it. All this has very much the appearance of idolatry. The smoke rising around the red sitting figure, the wailing women, the old men with long wands, with a brush of feathers at the end, anointing it with grease and red ochre—all these contribute to give one this impression of the whole scene. When any one leaves the wurley where the body is for a few days they are expected to stand before it, and weep and wail on their return. However they manage the requisite amount of crying I never could imagine. For one minute a woman will appear in the deepest agony of grief and tears ; a few minutes after, the conventional amount of weeping having been accomplished, they will laugh and talk with the merriest. I feel per suaded that fear has more to do with most of these exhibitions than grief. But the spirit of the dead is not considered to have been appeased until his relatives have avenged his death. They will kill the sorcerer who has caused it if they can catch him ; but generally they cannot catch him, and often do not wish it. Most probably he belongs to some other tribe of the Narrinyeri. Messen gers pass between the tribes relative to the affair, and the friends of the accused person at last formally curse the dead man and all his dead relatives. This constitutes a casus belli Arrangements are forthwith made for a pitched battle, and the two tribes meet in company with their respective allies. The tribe to which the dead man belongs weep and make a great lamentation for him, and the opposing tribe sets some fellows to dance about and play antics in derision of their enemies. Then the whole tribe will set up a great laugh by way of further provocation. If there is any other cause of animosity between the tribes besides the matter of avenging the dead there will now be a pretty severe fight with spears. If, however, the tribes have nothing but the dead man to fight about, they will probably throw a few spears, indulge in considerable abuse of each other, perhaps one or two will get slightly wounded, and then some of the old men will declare that enough has been done. The dead man is considered to have been appeased by the efforts of his friends to avenge his death by fighting, and the two tribes are friendly again. In such a case the fight is a mere ceremony. The hair of the dead is spun into a cord, which is made into a headband, and commonly worn by men. They say that thereby they smell the dead, and that it makes their eyes large and their sight keen, so that in a fight they are enabled to sec the spears coming, and either to parry or avoid them. G. T. Mount Barker Academy.—A corre spondent sends the following:—" The annual ex amination of this academy, under the care of Mr. James Clezy, took place on the 20th December, in the presence of a considerable assembly of the parents and friends of the pupils. The examina tion embraced English reading, grammar, geo grapliy, history and chronology, arithmetic, .Latin, and 1 rencli, in all of which the most satisfactory proofs were given of the progress and proficienq}'. After the examination the Rev. Mr. Gordon, in awarding the prizes, briefly addressed the scholars. He complimented them highly on the manner in which they had acquitted themselves in their various exercises, anu expressed his conviction of the valuable character of the education they were receiving at the academy. The following pupils then received prizesJames T. Bee, N. and M. C. Jacobs, John H. Gordon, John McKechnie, James McKechnie, S. Moss, J. Toll, IV. Hooper, and P. Biddies." Weymouth - street School . — Tlie public examination of this school took place on Thursday, the 10th instant. The Rev. F. IV. Cox occupied the chair. A considerable number of the > parents and friends of the pupils were present. The master. Mr. Mitton, opened the proceedings by reading a report, in which he stated that pro tracted domestic affliction had impaired his health, together with the prevailing epidemic among his _... ... . . , * . pupils, had interfered with their proceedings during the last half-year. Tbe work the boys had done, and the progress they had made, was then de-' tailed. Mr. Mitton stated that no prizes would be given on that occasion, and lie did not think he would again recur to the system—not because he objected altogether to the principle, but from the great dilliculty found in applying it equitably. It often occurred that the most deserving boy was unsuccessful from the merest accident, such as unavoidable absence during the study of the sub ject, Ac. He had therefore, with the cordial ap probation of his scholars, determined to promote their enjoyment in another way. He read the fol low! nglistuf nainesof boys who had gained honours: —Algebra and arithmetic—First, IV. King: second, H. Itowe and T. Dickerson. Grammar—First, H. ltowe; secomi, IV. King and C. Lane, Book keeping—First, C. Pearce; second, T. Dickerson. —Second Class—First, IV. Thomas; second, IV. Sayers. J. Hales, and C. Nevnc. Writing—First, W. King; second, C: Pearce and W. Savers. Geography—First, T. Dickerson; second, C. Lane and C. Xevile; third, W. King and G. Lane. Mechanics—First, T. Dickerson, G. Lane, and C. Lane; second, E. Ronald, T. Donaldson. M. Cran stone, and H. Jiowe. Pneumatics—First, ST. Cran stone and T. Dickerson; second, J. Hales; third, E. KonaM, T. Donaldson, and ( Pearce. Drawing —First, IV. King. Letter- writing—First, W. King and C. Pearce; second, E. Ronald, "W. Payers, and M. Cranstone. German—First, T. Dickerson; second, W. Crane. Good Conduct—E. Ronald, T. Peake. G. and C. Lane, W. Miller, TL Thompson, It. Dobbie. A. Munns, S. Mitchell, W. Burton, G. Barker, W. Thomas, J. Hales, G. and F. Jury, and F. Dugard." The following report was furnished by the Rev. F. W. Cox:— " 1 have had much pleasure in examining the boys under the instruction of Mr. Mitton, and the more especially as Mr. M. ventures upon the somewhat bold experiment of suffering them to lie questioned on any subject they have been reading without making special preparation. This method, thoug it will not make so much display, will yet permit the real progress of the pupils to be seen better. Several boys—Hales,- Pearce, Mitchell, King, and Crane read at the opening of the Itook, or passages from the current journals, with considerable taste, which, considering how rare a thing passable reading is, deserrcs commendation. A pas sage being written on the black board, it was parsed with great correctness, and the knowledge of grammar exhibited was cre ditable to the class. The boys also sustained a prolonged examination in geography—chiefly Aus tralian, and acquitted themselves very fairly; as they did also in the lessons on the properties of matter and mechanical powers in the fourth lesson book. Several questions in mental arithmetic in connection with the mechanical powers were quickly and correctly answered. A class was also examined in bookkeeping; and appeared to be well grounded as far as it had gone. Specimens' letter-writing, copy-books, and pencil-drawing were' also handed round for the inspection of visitors. On the whole the pupils exhibited signs of hard work on the part of the master, and of faithful use of time on their own." South AusTRiMA.—The A ustralian and New Zealand Gazette of September 28 has the following:—"The Hon. J. Baker, F.R.G.S., read extracts from a paper on 'Australia, inclu ding the recent explorations of Mr. Macdoual Smart.' Mr. Baker gave a rapid sketch of the rise of the colonics of Australia -and the habits of the aboriginal inhabitants. During the last year or two the amount of gold discovered had rather diminished than increased, and a considerable number of hands were nowemployed in cultivating the soil who were previously engaged in the dig gings. All other exports were gradually increasing, and only population was required to enlarge them to an almost unlimited extent. There were nume rous rich mineral deposits, and many places in which cotton might be grown with advantage. There was not a more loyal people under the sun than the Australian colonists. Mr. Baker then cave a few extracts from Mr. Stuart's journal of his last expedition into the interior. After noticing the starting of the expedition, on the 2nd March, 1803, and the successive visits to Mount Hamilton, and Beresford, Williams, Milne's, Kcckwick, and other springs, the character of the country at the West Neale, Frero, the Stevenson, Mount Hum phries, the High Gum Creek, &c.; the arrival of the traveller at a small gum creek under Mount Stuart, on the 22nd of April, was referred to—that being found from observation of the sun to be the centre of Australia. A tree was there marked and the British flag planted. It was a mistake to sup pose that the flowers In that country had no smell, a rose being found with a sweet strong perfume. Subsequent interesting adventures Were sketched, and the third unsuccessful attempt of the traveller to make the Victoria River was alluded to, the journal concluding with the arrival of the party at •w..»there Greet Some discussion took place with 