THK INSUBBECTION AT WARSAW, j A J.ETT6B datai Cracow, 1st March, saja ï - I "I au\ «aabled to complete to-day the delaili OÍ tlie recent occurrences at. Warsaw. ftei Ibo manifestation of the 25tb February, durinj the whole of the 2Cih and 27ih the Russiai troops were stationed in the public squares an« principal streets. The city was perfectly tran jqaij, buthud a Bad and gloomy aspect. Th« Agricultural Society continued its sittings. Or the 27th a funeral procession issued forth fron -the Church of the Bernardins. The troop stitfoned in the Cracow faubourg attempted tc driv8 it back into the church. The people indignant, pelted the soldiers with . «tones. The troops charged then «nd fired a volley. At this moment thc members of tbe Agricultural Society were leav ihg the palace where the sittings are held, anc ?mare crossing the street. Six of them wert «truck by the Russian bullets, and fell dead ?Jbey were well-known and esteemed citizens At this sight a general tumult broke out. Th« . prtadent and influential men of the town sue .seeded in calming the peoplo and preventec them from desperate acts. Count And ri Zamoyski, President of the Agricultural Society -waited upon Prince Gortschakoff ; a deputatioi . -from the city followed him to make a complain .against the military, and to demand tha the safety of the inhabitants should b assured. The Prince expressed his regret «nd said he would take measures On the 28th- the people seized upoi . <he bodies of the citizens killed, paraded then through the. street*, and, took, them to - tb . Trench Consulate. >. The French Consul re '. fused to appear, and' sent word to the leaden . lhat he could, not take any, part whatever in thi ^ * maoifoafation - which bad been made. Th« ..^o^ernnient abstained from using the armec Viàrce, not feeling perhaps strong enough tc vfiteet the fury of the whole population. On thc J.at of March the troops were consigned to theil .7 -barracks, and the Governor rendered - the towt lèaponaiblo for its tranquillity. The peopli ihetnsolves. kept order, and made preparation! Hior tHe'funeral. ceremony of the victims, whicl turill be attended by the whole population. Tb -. -Government. is probably temporising until i ? tita more troops at its disposal." - _ ... Another letter says : . «f The funeral bas taken place without distui banoo ; a cortege of more than 100,000 person -passed quietly in front of the.Russian piçquets ' Who presented arma. Public emotion na's, hap pity, taken the direction of a legal manifesta '. tien, v A petition to thfl Emperor is under sig -.. mature. The initiative bas been taken by mei of tho highest raak ; among them are threi ^Marshals of the nobility-Prince Woroniechi ?M. Niemojowaki, and Count Conrad Oolonm Walewski. The petition requests the re-estab " liahment of the constitution of 1815, which hai ; leen suspended for thirty years. ' The numbei <tf signatures is immense. A compromisi may, therefore, be expected. Nevertheless, t gceat number of Polish officials have sent' ir their resignations.' This is a serious matter." ' Another lotter, dated. Warsaw, February 28, gives somo additional details. It Bays : There was blood shed again yesterday, ' About noon a funeral servico was performed in a church in the Rue Lech no for the victims ol the 25th. The police did not prohibit it," so . that it was attended by an immense number ol ??\;people. The church could not contain them ' -all, arid more than half remained outside. After the servico the people proceeded in a -dense column. to Che Cracow faubourg.- Herc they met a funeral procession, which gave rise . toa new demonstration, as it was supposed, to ~- be the funeral of one of the victims of tho 25th. " In the Cracow faubourg detachments of -cavalry and infantry had been stationed to keep . order. One of those detachments, consisting of or £0 Cossacks, endeavoured to prevent the I people coming from the Rue Lechno joining the funeral coming from the Cracow faubourg ; . aa words were of no avail, the Cossacks : made use of the little leather whips they carry. to drivo back the advancing crowd. The cortege was headed by ecclesiastics, who wore the first . struck ; this irritated the people, who began to ? <pe1t the Cossacks with mad and stones. . The Cossacks formed, and* fired at first blank cart- ridges, but they Iben fired a volley with ball, and four citizens fell dead, and many others were woundod, The crowd dispersed, the shops were closed, the bodies of tho slain were placed on stretchers and paraded through the streets. *" Shortly largo crowds assembled, and pro- ceeded to the spot of the massacre. Great 'Agitation prevailed; At night the troops with- drew. ,"' " ' "' *\ It is whisperod that the peoplo act under 1 the control of some recognised leader. It is, jmoreovor, said that there are large quantities of .arras concealed in the city, and that a great re- volutionary movement may bo expected. The people are stirred up to anger, and are ready Jbr i'." . The Patrie says : A despatch from Warsaw, dated the 1st of Mardi, says that a ¡certain fermentation is visible in various parts of the kingdom . of Poland, and especially in the districts of Lublin, Piock, and Augusto wo. As yet, however,- no manifestations hâve taken place."m ¿ . Toe Opinion Nationale says 1" Tho disturbances at Warsaw have produced a deep sensation at ' Berlin abd throughout Germany. The.Government begin to. under- stand that Poland, is not dead, tand that .lt. Í3 not BO ' easy os they ima- gined to suppress - < patriotic sentiment in a nation of. 16,000.000 souls, which, not speaking the language of their masters, and not professing the samo religion, keeps its patriotism continually alive in the glorious reminiscences 'of its independence and in its aspirations towards, a future and liberty. "It is feared at Berlin that the' movement rosy spread to-the Duchy of Posen and to all 'Prussian ^Poland. '/ The 1 oppressors would be *too happy if they' could drive away from their dreams tho bleeding ghosts' of their victims. It if, nevertheless, hoped that at Wursaw the popular movement will not outstep the limits of legality, and that the Poles will restrict themselves to petition the Czar to grant them a national consti- tution." A tetter in tho Patrie throws a now light -upon the affair. It says that the anniversary of tbe battle of G rochow was simply a -pretext. The real object of the'demonstration was the' resolution passed by iha Agricultural ' Society! in favour of tie Polish pcasints. On the 24th: of February the Agricultural. Society voted' -unanimously, in presence of M. Moukanhoff, Hiciistor of the Interior, and in opposition! jto the programme' of the Government, _a resolution tending to constitute owners of tho soil those peasants whom the official project jrrishea to maintain simply aa farmers, The; »a!« was received with imtaenae. «mthuaiaam bj «.Y«*jr clat* af^lhe, population, , Tho fallowing letter from »n eyewitness, h»; boen forwarded to us for publication :- . «« Warsaw, March 1. " Tho Agricultural Society, which is com posed, as you-know, of the elita ot the Polis! nubility and landed proprietors, having its ratni fications throughout the whole kingdom, anc numbering at present""about 4600 members met on the 21st of February, in "the midst o considerable excitement. " Private meetings began to take place, ai which a petition to the Emperor was canvassed Count Zunoyski, the President of the Society, and who is one of the most influential men ic the country, universally esteemed and respected for his. patriotism and firm though passive resistance to Russian oppression, exerted him- self strongly against any such proceeding ; the leaders of the so-called patriots in the town, bul who do not include in their ranks either the nobility or the best of the middle classes,' al the same time began to press the gentry to take the lead in a political movement, and to peti- tion the Government for a University at War- saw, or for the grant of some other popula) measure, and a grand demonstration was an- nounced for Monday, the 25 tb, the anniversary of the battle of G roch ow. Ibis bad been an nouuced as long as December last. - " Count Zamdyski and the Committee of th* Agricultural Society set their faces against anj such proceedings or demonstrations, but/not withstanding numerous arrests, the ; Govern ment appeared unable or unwilling to atop thi thing, and the people were becoming more anc more restless. ? : .? ; " On Monday morning crowds; 'started foi Grochow, but returned peaceably from Pragi (a suburb of Warsaw on the opposite bank o the river) on being stopped by the police anc soldiers. "The debates of the Agricultural Societ; continued. ' On. the ? evening of Monday a pro j cession left the church called ¡Pauliny, at thi end of the Long-street, on its way to the castle when it was stopped by a party of gendarme in the. . square of the old : market place ; , the ? procession was áccompaniet by torches with the Polish Eagle displayed A row ensued, the gendarmes, trying to dispers* the procession, charged and wounded somi with their swords. . The new chief of the polici was pelted, and arrests were made. This die not last IC minutes, the crowd dispersing am walking quietly along the Cracowlfaubourg (thi main street) with troops, cavalry, and infantry postnd in front of tho Castle (the Viceroy'i residence) ' and in all the principal thorough fares. '.!, ' I "On Tuesday, the SCth, the excitement ii the town was very great, and an order was pub lished in the papers giving a crippled account of the transaction, and cautioning the peoplt against illegal processions. ' < ; j "The debates of the Agricultural Society were not so well attended, and private meeting: were discussing the state of the.nation ; Oounl Zamoyski's influence was on the . wane,.- and. his popularity being almost gone,' he ? was de sirous of concluding . the meetings, and an- nounced their close for Wednesday,;, the. 27th, at 1 p.m. "During the last sitting of the society the Government had been alarmed by tho distribu- tion of handbills, and had occupied the streets with troops. A funeral procession having left the Bernardine Church (a daily occurrence in Warsaw), in the Cracow faubourg, was mistaken hythe officer," in''' command for a political procession, and _ the Cossacks attacked the priests and the "people forming the proces- sion with their'whips ; they were pelted in their turn with stones by the bystanders, and a scuffle ensued in which some of the men get blows. The crucifix is said to have been cut to pieces, and the street was crowded by a large conoourse of spectators. . , : " On hearing of this fracas, Count Zamoy'ski hastened the dissolution of this year's meeting of the society, and be and the members all left the Palais Namicstnik, which had been lent to them by tbe Government for their meetings. " The streets were crowded, no . order having been given to clear them ; the shops were being closed, and troops taking tip positions in the streets. "At the large open space in front of the almshouses a party of Cossacks was drawn up, and a oompanyof infantry was taking a position opposite to them. At this moment General Zablotski, Adjutant-General of the Forces, carno up on foot, and the bystanders were all quietly looking on with intense interest. They con- sisted of respectable persons, and filled the. trottoir, when suddenly a volley was ordered, but without any apparent reason, as is supposed by General Zablotski, and . eight persons were killed on the spot and many more .grievously wounded. The pani j was dreadful. .Tho public did not retaliate, but the bodies were taken possession of and carried about the streets' with strong marks of feeling. Some were car- ried to Count Zamoyski's, some to the French Consul-General, who addressed the people The excitement increased, a general mourning; was adopted by all classes, committees of safetyj were at once organised, and a pacific movement; was unavoidable, under- the impression of a wanton act ? ofJ cruelty. " Députa-! tion after deputation was sent to Prince GortschakofF (the -Viceroy), all' the Mar- shals of nobility and several other Poles at once resigned their government appointments,1 and it became evident that some rash act* "of despair [might take place ; a collision was .ex-': peeled every moment. ' ' \ ' "Under this impression the'Prince was com-; pelled to do something, and a proclamation was issued after it had been approved and corrected by the leading Poles. A publio solemn funeral of the bodies was permitted for tö- morrow (Saturday), and a pledge' given' that both the police and troops would be kept out of the way. ? ? ' . - ;i .; ' - .' -i - '>'. " The Marquis Paulucci, ? who ' had been dismissed lately from his post as chief of the secret police, >but who is universally respected by. the Pol39, having only consented for a long time to main- tain his post to keep out a worse man and to check oppression, was again nominated head of the police as a concession to' satisfy - and calm the public. He was cheered, and addressed the people in the Saxon-square,' and the students bave been tacitly allowed - to assist the police in preserving peace and order.: They have arrested several spies, who gave fire-arms to the people and. were spreading, sedition. \- .".A fraternisation of all classes, bas ensued, and Count Zamoyski's houso is besieged by Poles; meetings are held at the Ressource (a sort of club) ; a committee, consisting of Jows, mer- chants, lawyers, and tradesmen, are organising a public funeral. ?? Perfect tranquillity prevails at.' present, and . a' strong1 address* stating tho -.?<?? v .. ? : , j grievances »od oppressor* of the PolUh nation, presented \a Friuca Gartschakaft*, and accepted hy him. yesterday, ia receiving publicly the adhesion of all classes and thousands of signa- tures." Several letters receivedherefromWarsawagree instating that the Russian General Zabalkof, who gave the. order to fire upon the people, has been brought before a court-martial. The Minister of Police, M. von Trepow, has been dismissed. \ -Governor Prince Gorjächakoff has received orders from St. Petersburg to institute a searching investigation into the conduct of the military during the recent disturbances. The new Prussian gazette (JKreuz Zeitung) says ' " According to pt i vate, advices from Warsaw, Prince Gortscbakoff is said to have telegraphed the address of the inhabitants to St. Petersburg, and received an unfavourable reply from the Emperor, who blamed the clemency of the Prince, and, it ia asserted, ordered him to pro- claim a state of. siege." All Polish noblemen holding omces through- out the kingdom of Poland have tendered their resignations. Their example has been followed by all the Poles in the Russian service. 