MlSOHLLAN'KOl'S. A Li-nath: in WiNnsoK Casti.e. — O11 Sun day evening a young gentleman of respectable ad dress presented himself before the two sentinels nt the gate 011 Castle-hill, who stopped him, stat ing that il was the entrance only for the royal family, 011 which the strager said, ' 1 am the Prince of Wales,'' when, from his gentlemanly manners, the sentinels presented arms and suffered him to pass. He afterwards succeeded iu passing the sentinels at tlie gateway at tlie iork and Lan caster Towers ; and having got into the quadran gle, he entered the castle by the Augusta Tower, O11 proceeding along the passages, he was met by one of the royal servants, who enquired his busi ness, when he said, ' 1 am the l'rince of Wales and am going to sec my mother, the Queen.' The servant told hint he would accompany, and intro duced him to the superintendent, Baker, who, finding the young gentleman insane, conveyed him to the safe keeping of Mr. Pttllin, oftlio Old -Wind- sor Union. It was ultimately ascertained that 1 the unfortunate youth, whoso ago is about 20, is, | the son of an independent gentleman of the name- I of Harding, near Bhickhcath, to whom he was 1 handed over 011 tho Tuesday following. He had - recently been discharged from a private lunatic: I asylum, under the impression that ho had regained I his proper senses. — Sun. Changed by Crinoline. — At one of tho Tuilerics balls in 1S52, a young Spauish lady was the theme of all tongues. She was dressed j in white, with a beautiful circlet of black velvet [ on her head; on this circlet were stars of dia- I monds. The hair, blonde dorcc ; the biotv, ala- | baster ; and somewhat melancholy eyes, with | their long lashes, the regular but rather rigid :| pupil, were justly admired. Mademoiselle de J Montijo, as she then was, was sparkling with happiness ; the Emperor, that general who lias ' since well-nigh dethroned Austria, yet spared Venice, hud that night signified his intention of making Eugenie dc Montijo, Empress of France, j by placing on her head a white flower : she was radiant with excitement. Iler figure, however, was the subject of all praise. It was slight, and perfectly well dressed. The dress was tight in thccorsagc, and full, immoderately full, in the skirt. Since then, what a change ! That small, but matchless form, far more remarkable ! for grace than for dignity, comes forth encum- i bercd, unnaturally enlarged, and indeed de formed with an excess of fullness which can j ouly be supported by a device which in princi- | pie is the grandchild of tho hoop. As she walks, the petticoats shake about, and the arti fice underneath is revealed. The Empress is 1 i there; but the beautiful tournute of Eugenie dc Montijo is lost in that mass of buffoons and flounces over the invisible though protruding crinoline. — Habits of Good Society. Curious Calculation. — If London were surrounded by a wall, having a north gate, a south gate, an easl gate, and a west gate, and each of the four gates were of sufficient width to allow a column of persons to pass out four a-breast, and a peremptory necessity required the immediate vacation of the city, it could not be accomplished under twenty-four hours; by the expiraijon of which time the head of the four columns would have advanced no less than j seventy-five miles from the respective gates, all the people being in close file four deep — Home Paper. Woman's Love. — IIow many bright eyes grow dim — how many soft cheeks grow pale — how many lovely forms fade away into the tomb, and none caii tell the cause that blighted their love.iness! As the dovo will clasp its wings to its side and cover and conceal the orrow that is preying on its vitals, so it is the na ure of woman to hide from tbe world tho pang of wounded affec tion. Tho love of a delicate female is always shy and silent. Even when fortunate she scarcely breathes it to herself; but when otherwise she burns it in the recesses of her bosom, and there lets it cower aud brood among tbe ruins of her peace. The A r.rrrnr.rn Sth r.-vriTrr m Wr vrj ? TIio Mechanics' Magazine contains an account of the variovs modes of testing the alcohoiio strength of wines ; and, contrary to the opinion generally expressed by the trade, it is oontended that the . alcoholic test is absolutely necessary. The argu ment is as follows: ' Even under the high rate of duty, the Sovcnue Department was obliged to' forbid the the trade to import wines containing more than 40 per ceat. of spirir, and many wines have been consequently left in the docks to cool themselves by evaj oration until admissiblo. Now, as 2.\ gallons of such wine could contain ono gallon of proof spirit easily separable from it, t is clear that the admission of it at Is. duty would be tantamont to admitting spirits at 2s Cd; per gallun. An ad valorem duty is equally im possible, as the most worthless wines would bo made the vehicles of the largest amount of spirit. It will thus be seen that the alcoholic test is not a novelty at all, but that the high duty hitherto levied 011 wine has limited its application to tlie // very strongest species of wines. We may observe ; also, that in France wines are subjected to the alcoholic test for levying the octroi duties, to rrevont substituting spirits for wine.' — The | | Times ] A teacher had been explaining to his class the points of tbe compass, and all wero drawn up in front towards the north. ' Now, what's before you, John?' 'Tho north sir.' 'And what behind you Tommy ?' ' My coat-tail, sir,' said I he, trying at the same time to get a glimpse of it. ' What, do you ask fjr that ere beast.' ' One hundred and twentyfive dollars.' ' Give you twenty-five.' 'Take him along. It shan't be said that 1 spoiled a good horse trade for a bun dree dollars.' A Shilling to Buiiy an Attorney. — Ati attorney in Dublin -having died exceedingly poor, a shilling subscription was set on foot to pay the. expenses of liis funeral. Most of tho ' attorneys and barristers having subscribed, ono of them applied to Foler, afterwards Lord Clii-. f Justice Norbury, expressing his hope that ho would also subscribe his shilling. ' Only a shilling,' said Tolor, ' only a shilling to bury an attorney 1 Here is a guinea : go and bury one-aud-twenty of tliem.' — Men who have Risen. jf, A Queer Will. — Our next speoimen, the will Jj oftlio Earl of Pembroke, who li'-ed in tbe days oftlio Commonwealth, after a good many pro- tl fane jests, proceeds thus: — 'lieai. — £ giyo all | my deer to the Earl of Salisbury, who I know ! will preserve thorn, because lie deuicd iho Ivini; f a buck out of one of his own parks Item. — I 1 give nothing to Lord Say, which legacy I give | hiin because I know ho will bestow it on tho i poor. Item. — To Tom May I give five shillings j 1 I intended himjmorc; but whoever has seen his | ' History of Parliament,' thinks five shillings \ too much, Item. — I givo Lieutenant-General j Cr:mwoll one word of mine, beeause hitherto ho j never kept his own. Item. — I givo up tho § ghost.' — Quarterly Review . I STRANGE EXAMPLE. — Hood mentions a sea- toper, who never saw a flask of pewter measure that, he did not, inoxorbly seize, and gauger-like, try the depth of. He had a son equally fond of potatoes, on which a neighbour remarked that the took after hi.s father. .Wboreupon tho would be IVincitJo retorted — ' Father never leaves none to take." Printed and 'iiiMished In' tlio proprietors, Jon.v and j Thomas OAininT, by tlie said 'I'uo.mah Gauhett /' at ' I'm-: J w a hu'a Jlnacuitv, ' General Lettcn prt'HK '?'i iiitiii'.r Ollicu, corner of the Markct-Hipim e( Wtilliit!tj-aig, lllawana, on l'riday, February -'i IS01. , ; 