THE SOUTH AUSTRALIAN INSTITUTE. An adjourned meeting oí the Subscribers to the Library of the Institute was held on Wednesday evening, .lune !2, to diacusa the proposed alteration to be made in the constitu- tion of the Institute, by a new Act prepared and proposed by air. Ciiivthorne. The main features ol' the proposed new Act arc to intro- duce into every branch of the Institute the elective element, and. instead of the management being, as at present, ra'tially under the nomination of the Governor, to abolish the Board of Governor?, and to substitute in their stead a President, Vice-President, and a Committee of Management, all to be elected by the general body of members. Ir. also proposes to provide, that in cas* any other societies, such a3 the present Society of Arts, and; the Philosophical Society, shall apply to be incorporated, that they shall pay rent for the accommodation of the rooina, and that the members of the Library shall have freec facilities to participate in the benefits of those societies than they at present enjoy. In fact the intention of the framers of the new Act is, to make all the societies in connection with the Institute. 0110 great combined society, giving the 3¡ime privileges to the members of the library in the incorporated societies, ¡is the members of those societies themselves enjoy. At the lirst meeting, which was held a week ago, the pre- amble of the new Bill was put aside for future discussion, and the first clause, which involved the whole principle of the Bill, namely, that the present Act be repealed, waa dis- cussed, but the meeting was adjourned b fore a division took place. Dr. Gosse was voted to the chair, and explained the objects of the meeting. Mr. Wiiitisg.us the mover of the adjournment, addressed the members in sr.pj ort of Mr. Cawthorne's motion, as he considered the Act under which the Institute was at prä- sent managed failed to secure ihe objects for which it was founded. In the tiret p'ace, he considered the present management was not so popularly elected as It ought to be. They bad one of the Governors nominated by the Philoso- phical Society, numbering about 20 members ; one by the Society of Arts, willi 5 i 'members; and only one by the Library, consisting of 800 members ; and that he could rot consii.er to be a fair representation of the members of the Library. The Philosophical Soeiety, he believed, was advan- tageous, because the public got the benefit of their discussion.«, monthly, through the press; but the Society of Arts only had a meeting once a year, and he would ask what benefit to the Institute could that Society be. He had been a member of the institute for the la3t li years, and during that time nothing had been done* in ths shape of lectures e»r otherwise, to shew an advance ; and he believed it was all owing to tho defective nature of the present Act under which the Insti- tut« was managed. The object of the present Bill was to afford facilities for any number of Societies to incorporate with the institute, but that they should all be on an equal fooling, and so constitute one grand combined National Institution. They received bool, from the Government, and he did not think the Government had a right to give 600Í, to thom unless they »aw something good resulted lrom it ; and he believed the Government would not renew the grant npain unless the members could show them some beneficia results to the public by the vote*. At present there was no public beuclit, and therefore h« did not think the Govern- ment would again give them the money unless things were altered. Mr. Dowie support ed the motion generally, but there was one objection to the new Act. if the Government were aske-l for 5 u.Z. he thought they would expect to have some right to ask how the money was expended, which could not be done unless they had some power over the appointmeut of the officials. Mr. Goldsack said he had paid attention to the discus- sion, and lound that most of the original members found fault wito the present Act ; but he different from them, as he thought the n:w Act dirt not confer 30 many privileges as they now enjoyed under the present Act. Ile therefore would* support the amendment, that the old Act be not repealed. All that had been said against the old Act had reference simply to misruanagent ; but he believed if the preamble of tbe old Act was carried out there would be nothing to complain of. If there had been a want of lectures, &c;" it was owing to the preamble not being carriedout.and not to any want of power contained in the present Act. If there was anything to complain of they should complain of the Governors. The Ou viRiiVJ reminded Mr Goldsack that the question beforetuc meeting was not with roierence to the Governors' conduct but whether the old Act should bo repealed borne remark« were mudo b/ several members that a dis- cussion on the con iuct of the Governors could not be allowed in discu sing the pmictples of the new Act Hie C'hvirvan expressed himself emphatically that such a method of conducting the discussion could not be allowed 3Ii G0LD3 VCK then continued, th it if he could prove the Governors had 1 uled in < irrvmg out the oil Act, it would confirm hu argument tint there «is no necessity to alter the present Act At present it was not true that therecould be a singing class or a debating ela« in the reading room, as had been alleged, because there was a clause which gave the present Governors powei to make terina with such societies, and to lix. the amouut of charges which thej should coatri- bule lid hived the idea ot unity, and he contended that the present Aet enibr* ed th it idea tully, as the Governors hail power to ai range with my societies which applied lor ad- mission He concluded tint the old Act embraced every- thing contained in fie new Act, and that it did more, because it bid 1 conservative element which the now Act had not an element which he considered essential to all institutions of th it kind Mr. Boee orr said the only question was, whether there was anv neces-itv for repealing the old Act, and if it were s ud there vv is thin the grounds should bo stated by those who desned the chang*, but he contended none had as yet been slnun and therefore he vouldsuppjrt the amendment, because he coull ^lio\\.r them there was no neces» ty lor any eli mge, ind \, ith rega d to the new Act,,he de lied Mr. Caw thoine to explain his »peech which he made, nor could he explain the Act itself Une thing Mi Whiting had said wa« tint onlj once a j eir thev h id a meeting of the Society ot Arts, and asked what benefit th it was, but tint was not true, becaiis ? that Society met tiequenlly, and with regard to the Exhibition of Works ot Art >cirly, he should remembei tint the rooms were* not open tor a single day only, but weie kept open for a month, and it was not swiiph lor the benelit of that Society und the members of the hbraiy, but the who'e public weie admitted at the «mill charge of aslnll.ng, and .vhere they had access lor a small sum to the in- ptctioii of specimens of art which had been collecte 1 at great expense hy the Society, and by which the whole eolonj \ is benefited He said the object ot the Institute wa» to bung together as many Soi leties as it was p issible to coll ct Mr \ luting ha 1 said he had been a member o( the* Institute for eleveil J ears, but the Institute h id not b en in e »is*eiiee th it time, and there seemed to be iii errol, o 1 the* other-1 Jo. 1 > thosi* gentlemen confounding the old Lim uy with tue pieseut Inst tute Unless some tiling was nIiowii for ti.» necessity ot the repeal of the old Vet, they should d.scirl the ne.v one, and let well alone. I he whol gist of tho new Act was contained in the seiepth elause, namely, that 75 per cent of the receipts from the institute at large should be devoted to the purposes of the Library, and not as at present that Ti per cent of the recaipts from the Library, «build go to the pundi i-e of books, &.J , foi H12 Library. In lict, the Act without that clause w is a mere ghost. iheiew.s nothing in it, and it introduced no principle not cont unid in the old Act, and therefore, if the new Att were passed, instead ot tlu Institute being a national in- stitution, it would dwindle down into n meie library. Under the present Act every member of the Incorporated Societies, m consideration of their subscription, are* members of the institute 1 hey themselv is, as members of the Library, had the u--e of tho bm'dlng, the reading ol the book», and they weie allowed to take the books horn», but Mr Caw thorne a ide i w is, that in vut le ot their siibs"up!iou to the Llbiary tiley ghoul 1 have the lull advantages of the numbers ol the other socities, which were kept up by special subscupti na. Ilr>t he could not consider was lair In fact, s.ipposiuu there was a musical society incorporated, and he, Mr. Bo icaut, was a membei, Mi. Civthome would consider that because being a member of the Library lie could go there and take home* a book, tint he should have the* same puvilegc to come to the musu. cln«s an l c.rry to His own home his, Mr Boucaut s, liddle (Koars ot laughter and loud dice a followed Mi Bouciut s addiess ) Mr Pu I.NCÍS supported the amendment- I hat it wai not desirable to alter the ol 1 Act." on the ground th it they should not do o until they were prcpued with something to put m its pi >ce, .vii 1 es the new Act had not been dis cu- scdand could not be, bjloie the motion waa dlspoioj of, there w.i3 nothing to put in its 3tead, and if the motion were carried they would be without .my Ac at all. That was a point which he thought had been missed by all the sneakeis. He aigucd that as the Institute waa founded for a public heneht, and in consecration of which Hie Govei nmciit hud expended «nell large sums in erecting the building, and granted .in annual sum of soo/ foi it-, m unten mee, tint it was contrary to the spirit of its foundation to alter the present ariange ments, which weie for the geneial educational advancement of the whole colony, aud if alteied would, us Mr Boucaut had s lid, re luce it to the level oi a mere Lbrary Alter Mi. Francis sat down there* were loud calls ol "divide " llicCiiviRM vx rise to put the amendment, but before doing=o»Ii CAWiuoRNLclaimed a light to reply Abitot an uproir followid tno*c in tavoi ot the motion reminding the Chairman in ritliei lo id tones tint the mover of the motion had i right to replj , but their voices were pretty will drowned bj the louder calU to ' divi le Atlast the Chairman refused lo allow Mr Civvthorne to reply, stating that he could not do so without allowing the mover of the ann miment also to lcply Hie amendment w is then put, that the present Act be not repealed, which w13 cirnedby a mijontv of rather more than two to one ot icompaiatively crowded room Ihe result of the vote wag iceeived with loud and continued cheers by the victorious part) A v otc ot thanks to the Cha rman, on the motion of Mr. IlEnroRTo, wa« carried, which clos al the business 