I CONGREGATIONAL :UOME. MISSION ARY I SOCIETY. TKH annual public mooting of tho Congregational Homo Missionary Society was hold yesterday ovomne in tho Pitt street Churoh On tho motion of the Bov. W CuTiiiii-n-r SON~ B A , seconded by tho Bov A BuzAccm, tho chair was taken, shoitly after sovon o'clock, by Mi 1-airfax 'I ho attendante was not so largo as it luis been on somo fonnei occasions Ubomeotmg was opened bv singing and pray er, after W __o CifUiiMtf biiofly stated tho origin and objects of tho society, pomtmir out what had been uclnovod during the eloacn atnra ot its oi-stcnee, and urging its mombors to increased ex. ttion The society aimed simply lo teach and preach tho glorious Gospel of tho blessed God Iho Rev A\r Cuiitiii'UTsDN read tue following re prrt - Iho committee of tho Congregational Home Missionary Society present their eleventh annuiil report with unusual g1 ulness tVe luivo to note the favourable chunges during the last two years, w hieb have i clio ed us from it at tifcht of cure and discouragoincnt at e bute seen the sphcroB of Intaur unwillingly quitted by tnlacd brothrcn supplied with cfflcieiit ministrations laught by losses at Inch seemed most disastrous to several ming congregations, the dancer of reliance on mero instrument-tit), we are also costructcd by His gracious interposition, to depend w ith a confldcncc more absolute on the Great bltephcrd of tilt sheep,-on Jesus Christ, the sumo tcsterday und forever We arc precluded bj the terms of our constitution from con- tinuing any actitc participation in the nfi-iirs ot Queensland , but tie learn with muchplc-isuro that congregations established undci the auspices of this society, bernie the separation of tcrntorj, arc increasing in internal strength and general influence P,oth Brisbane and Ipswich aio now self supporting Hie Rev. Mi Savage has entered on his labours at Rockhampton, a tottn »Inch from its first colonisation, has excited the interest of the committee A temporary chapel has been erected, und liberal c-flûrts m ule for tho support of the minister, «ho, entering on his YOI- In on eurucst and reliant spirit, will deserte and obtain the htiniiitliy and support of his brethren Ihc officers of this society v ill be bnppj to transmit tho contributions ot any who feel inte- rested in Rockhampton,and who are willing to give much needed assistance to the first efforts of our entcrprismg brother Mc heartily commend the claims of Queensland to the London Colonial Missionary Society, lhosc who maintain that it is the dut) of the Stito to leate the Church toitsown resouiccs are bound to Kite earnest attention to a country who.o policy Is in harmony with their comiotions tMiilo wo may pass carelessly over tlu taunts of thoso «ho attack the Christian sjstem itself, whan thet condemn a principle because it does not reach an Ideal ascendanct and diflusion, tto cannot expect tho t oluntary st stem, as opposed to legal compulsion, to prêt nil, unless bj its manifest benefitonco and a igour A nott colona, whoso popu- lation hut c to struggle at ith great, lnutcrml, and social difficul- ties, demands and w ill ampi) rcput tho missionary efforts of tho parent churches \\\ ithout such aid the isolated brethren wall lose half their ministerial strength while toiling for their dailt bread No expenditure would be more producirte, and probably more spccdilt rendered unnecessary by its own success Our brethren lubouruig in thut important colony hate many difficulties to surmount, but thet arc animated with the consciousness that the) arc assisting to la) the found liions of CIMI and icligious freedom, and to fix the form and fabric of religious detclopmcnt for uges to come The Got eminent of Queensland bos wr-cl) revolted to intrust the cause of religion to those who recognise its rocud claims, and has thus, nt the outsot of its careel, remotcd one great stumblingblock to the peace, unit), und cfticienoy of tho ChnstiuH Church Our hope ia that in all its branches it ma) pruc aud picscrvc the boon of spiritual freedom. Turning to operations within the limits of New Soutli at des, wc rci ort with plcasuic that the station of the liov Mr Charter, V ollongong, is in i acr) satisfuctorj condition He continues his ct angelical labours m the surrounding hamlets. Hie con gregution, the communicants, and the school attendance, arc all liicicascd A commodious schoolroom has been erected und p ml for llie Itct Mr Gainsford commues to labour at Newcastle, with acceptance and success 1 hci c is a marked adt anccment in num- bers, bolb of congregutinn und scholars On lund adj icont to the church, granted by the A A Company, at the friendly instance of Arthur Hodgson, Esq , a minister's house is in course of erec- tion The committee thankfully recognise tho liberality of the donors of the site, and are gratified to sec the ctmgregution have taken such prompt measures to render it at ail ible M e can refer in terms of equal satisfaction to the position and piospccts ot the Church at Maitland In etcrt depirtmcnt of its affairs thero aie signs of advancement Both it Maitland and Newcastle local causes hate occasioned pecuniar) depression of considerable set c rit) Hie icpcated floods und the stnke of the miners hate each contributed to impotcnsh those districts Wc are glad, how et ci, to remark the earnest efforts of the churches io uttnin complete pecuniar) independence, and to be thus able to luke their part in the general woik of the societt During the past )ear uiipoitaut chances hate tinnspned in the suburban chuiches The Ret Thomas Johnson, late of Mary- borough, a. icton i, has i cccit ed the pastoral eli irge of Kourko-strcct church, and commenced his lubouis with great eiiuouragcment. A 1 irgc increase of attendance, and iinproa enicnt in the various depend mt inttrib's, manifest the acceptance of his nnnistr) \\\ e have git cn bim the most cordial ttclcomo, due alike to his lionoural le reputation as a ministe! of Christ, and to the import I ant ta«U entrusted to his cart Dining the tear theltct J A t eitch his Ix'enc died to exercise his mwislrt ul Woolahra!- \ church being formed, he lias scctptcd the pastorate, with much promise of futuie u"cfulncss Jh< committee bate paul £1.0, which the sister societ) of \ le- lma mit jneed low auls his passive Irom tiri it Britain, the sole cost to )our societt of this station Hie committee hate, howotci, to state watti niuth regret that the (lunch of Balmain is -till without pastoral otcrMcJit. Ihc eui ^legation Into commanded our deepest solicitude und stm p it li), m their mail) tunis and disappointment-- "tew indti(,o lous eiroits toobtun a settled piistoi will, wc doubt nu, be m duc time successful, assured as tve are how welcome to their hi irts and homes will be the earnest and f iithful pre icher of the go«! c1, who will determine to "Ino« nothing arnon.? them site Jesus Christ mil Him crucified " The J.et Mr Matt, former]v of Ilclfiist College, stiongly recommended to oui confidence bt muustcrs of the I'rrsby tcrian church residing in these colonies, commenced some months til,o bis missionai t lubours at the Monning Kit el At tho request of the people of that district, md on his own application, he was set ipart to the sacred ministry by imposition of hands, in Pitt strect church, the ltct Mcsrs Maty er, Kent, Cuthbertson, \ etch, Johiifon, and olhcis, taking part in the sera lees The Hey Air Milson rcccttcd a similar iceognition at Gerringong, Messrs. Cuthbert on and Charter presiding Mr M ilion and his congre- gation, after much deliberation, haac declired thcmsclac« in unity w uti the Congregational bod) We gladly accept the profeircd lund, and al the same time record oin sen«e ot the infinite moment of those points of concord which lund m one bod) the whole ctangcllcal Church, and the slight aalue compiled tuth these of the lines of separation I rom set eral important districts of the colont we hat c recen ed picssing intieaties foi help. The scarcit) of men and nionc) hate impostd on us the painful dut) of la)ing aside these applications If the contributions of the charches enable us to do so, wa; shall cudi at our to obtain a rcinforcomcrt of our mmlstcniil strength. Hie request foi aid 1ms sometimes come under cn cumstances w Inch snow that other churches arc not less cmb.ii rasscd than our tclacs M ith the tendency to scatter incidental under our peculiar form of colonisation, the chuiches cm hardly hope to follow the population with the regular means ot grace, and then collectite efforts will still lcaac much undone The preaching stations occupied bv ourla) agents in ¡sidney and its subuibs afford much encouragement Six such stations are supplied b> the gratuitous sert ices of twolto brcthien, who have formed an association, and net m concert with the pastors of their fct eral churches at, c need not dw eil on the importance of these 1 ibours The) prepare the w iv for the more régulai ministration of the Go-pel, mil enable the churches to occup) ground w hieb but for such aid must long lav tt astc. at, e expect that in our next ate mut be able to report a much larger number both of places and preachers, and that the donn mt power now slumbering hi our petts will bo routed to stead) and conceited otto -ts for the esta- blishment of divine worship in neighbourhoods )ct inade- quate!) supplied with the ordin meca of rihgion The um-lisfactory natuic of the piousian tosupplt a succes- sion of ministers has been pamfullv et ident to the committee during the last few )cars Sickness and other domestic causea led to a nmiibci of ministen ii change, which lett in our churches a feeling of disappouitmint and depiction Our eflorts to supply the tac mt pulpits from home were unsuccessful Iho answer to application« to 1 ngland alleged a deticicnct of men to meet the rcqimenients of the home artice much moie than In the colonie« lite lar^c increase ol demand-i fur well qualified ministers in Great lliitain, consequent on the great t\pan«ion of the denomination, mil the election of new churches, narrow ed the rin"'e of selection Me lost at once the sen ices of able men, such is Mc-sr- Vinold, lie isley, and ox, lute, and theic w is no prospect of «lit lining fio n home such as could replace them Me lelci to these ficts not onlt to express our satisfaction th it this lack of «ci ice li is been supplied In unexpected wats, not only to surest i lesson of con- fidence m limes of ihfliciiltt and doubt, but lu remind ) on of the ah olmo importance of raising i ministi) tor colonial woik within the colonies theiu«"hcs «-cnsiblc as wc an of the utltuntagc of constant importations from tin treat centres of Christian resomce, cultuio, and entetpiase, att tot feel tint wo should gathci np out local stien"th and use wlntctcr aicncic,-. ire under our hands In MCW of this dint the committee haye M inteil fiom tune to tin e the necessary ml tow nils the support ml education ol seteial jomu, men who express Heir wi«h to emci the field Mc tint that the sotiett will placent the disposal ot its- ofliccis the pceuniaiy lowei to assist candidates in oin eongiegitions who, hating the necessary pli)sieal nut mteilectti ii capacity, mat desire to dct otc themsiltesto the sicicd mimstiy AMule m ¿lug this step we ate most mucus to press on the attention ol out fiicmU. the im- portance of i frequent addition to the eoloniil pa toi itc of men of ripe jmUjineiit mdcharac'ei, Itoin Meit ¡mum, nut lrc«li from its elet tiled associations Hie tisitiif the Kci li. 1 letcha, oft "ton < ¡ _will be authorized to expre-s the new = imltti-hcs of the con- nut, itional bodt it the innous ecclesiastical i cmbhes and institutions of the parent lind, will j.reith «uh- erte this pur- pose, und will inspiren nitt mtcic-t m the Austrilun lolonlo His witc, piont, md successful eiioits to piomote the cause of Chnstlamtt among us entitle him to oin coi dial commendation, unneectsuit, indeed, considering his long established reputation it nome Hi will be welcomed bj the Congrcgitiona! body as the Mcisengci of the Au.« di in Churches, and his representation of oui condition cannot fail to enlist the stmpatht und excite the 7cal ol oui Mi dish brethren. \ sluing, bott et er highly, this stmpatht mil aid, we are im- pressed with thccontiction that, subject to the diamc blessing, wcmustielt upon ourselt c-. lins report, and those which hate preceded it, silo« that we hate oin work to do In eter) instance the churches wc hate planted are m cour«o of realising, and ret eral hate attained, pecuniar) indepcnden-e 11) then labour new ground has been occupied, which in turn will be cotcrcd witheffectite agencies Thus, b) selecting prudently »ew spheres of operation, and sustaininmg them in their first stages, we hate widened graduallt the influence of our chuiches, und the means of religious instruction. It was the wat the Gospel was first piomulgatcd.ond by these means wc propose, without arrogating to ourschce an) special mission as a denomination, to pclform oin allotted task m the vine) ard of the Lord. Mc obserto, not without satisfaction, bott successfully our polit) as a denomination has met the condition of isolated churches, bj furnishing an oiganisation adiptcd to their wants At hat their necessities imposed the) found justified by oui piin ciplcs. Iho) found hi the Sacred Aolumc a perfect law, in tho offices of the Chui ch an authorised got ernment, and in tho faith and ordinances of the Gospel the bond as well as the sanction of their congregational tuiity. It is thus that Christians, indifferent tornero forms as such, Imae been led bt the logic of theil circum 81anics^ft£:1,duo consideration, t° embrace the \ letts which arc commonl) held among us. Ti]uie..c?v!',lçrat'cUumB cncU othcr on f"ts like these, weare m,iî_ «Ie tban cu* of tbe "lue of Denominational JiSw».,, - n . a moro comprchcnsite and more wherewith Christ has made us free. wc hate ronotoAÍ5nt î,hC "S1 !W of tno8e ob_g»tio_i which oïnd in one the entire household of faith Let us rather follow our unitv'or °the Chn^TfrHf81 ,churohc8 5n «"* veneration for the ¡IML Tc Church ot Chnst-one m faith, m suffcung, and in 2KÄT ""»tain, but m no obti-uiitc or self-laudator? spirit, the freedom of our ecclcslatieal organisation t\o desire torecoid our conviction that the value and final fnZ^Lr-^ "^"»'«»«tutíon must depend on its fidchty to the great and distfnguiihing doctrines of '« the glorious gospel of the blessed God " During tho past year the religious world ftîi,u°î aRtatcllby disputations, avh.ch attack and dXme the fundamental principles of Christian belief Tho source! the daring, and the pretalencc or thoso sneculai turns c'e-ul) show that 'it is possible, »heTcred Tnd?i ctaitgchcsl formnla., to accept and proclain " "yTtcS of doubt essentially anti Christian What, then, can prcscrro from apoetacy but a humble, teachable, and derout submission to tho authority of Christ! Let us hold fast the dootnnea of the common salvation God manifest in the flesh, Christ crucified for us, tho washing of regeneration, and the renewing of the Holy GliosL Let us steadfastly assert the divinty of Christ ttio reality of His miracles, His abiding priesthood, the virtue of II« death and the powei of Hin resurrection. let u* listen to th« warnings nnd exhortations of the groat Apostle of the Gentile» - As you hate therefore received the lord Inas Chi ut the Son to tialKyetti htm . Rooted and built up m htm, and established in the faith as ye hate bren taught, abounding therein with thanksgiving Hcuntc lest ant man tpoil ybu through philosophy ami tain deceit oflci the rudiments of the wot Id and not after Christ J or vi him dtiellcth all the fulness of the Godhead boduy And ye ate complete in him -(Coi. ii, 6-10 ) Tho balance-sheet showed upwards of £40 in hand ThoRov W SLATVPK moved tho first resolution rbat tho report now read be adopted, primed, and cumulated, and that the following gentlemen, In addition, to the ministers- of all congregations contributing to the funds of this sooiety, bo the officers and committee for the ensuing } ear, The Rev Dr Rosa, president The Rev John West, vice preoldcnt The Rev W Cuthbertson, and Mr Robert Garrett, secretaries Committee - Mr Samuel Cook, Mr \ Fo B, Mr Fowler, Mr N II Lagar, Mr 1) Jones, Mr G A lloyd, Mr J Mullens, Mr R Mayhew, Mr John Moni», Mr S Nutter, Mr R Nott, Mr George Rees, Mi J Row, Mr Geoige Kenwick, Mr I*. 1' Riohnrdson, Mr loscpli Thompson, Mr bamucl Ihompson, with power to add to their number In commending to thom tho report which had just boon read, ho thought ho might say that, for tho beauty of its diction, the symmetry of Us parts, the breadth and.sonp turalnesa of its principles, and tho piety which pervaded the whole, it stood unpnrullolled amongst the reports of tho sjcietj, and ho waa sure they would all assent to it» being printed and widely circulated (Cheers) ItwasgenoraUy considered to bo the duty of tho speakor who moved tho adoption of tho roport to make some comments upon tho various facts it contained, but ho did not dosiro to do that in referenco io tho report which had just boon road Ho bad expected that it would bo enlarged upon by thoir brethren from the countrj, who, it was agreed, wera to rccupy avery large share of tho speaking Ho was sorry tosn}, howover, that thoy wera not forthcoming Trora a telegram received a short timo ago it appoarod that their friends from Nowcastlo and Maitland woro detained by the steamer, in which thoy had embarked, being stuck on the " flats " Instead ot confining ma re- marks to the report, he preferred to saj a few words upon a topic on which he hid bestowed somo thoughtBinco read- ing a paper by Mr P Vi Newman (the author of " Phases of i aub ') in Iho list number of tho C/n istxan Spectator Iho letter to which ho referred waa addressod tosomo learned Hindoos who, it appeared, were corresponding w ith him, and addretsed to Brahma Samah In giving kia view of tho religious state of things m Kngland, the writer made this remarkable assertion-that all the influential literature and tho movement of " mind ' acts ' m tho direction of Ihoism. ' He sojs that all tho teachers of etlhodox Christianity know and nvow that there ia no stop ping-pluce between the " ecclesiastical Trinity " and tho total ovorthrow of tho ' special Cunaban faith* Ho (the Rev W Slatye-) bohoved this And, if it were truo that there was no stopping place between our lnnitj (whi"h tho writer called our "ecclesiastical" Trinity) and the total overthrow of tho "special Christian faith, thon what becamo our duty s Why, to look well to our "ecclesiastical Trinity'" (Cheers ) 1 hey must preach, as tho roport urged them to do-Christ and him crucified , Christ, Ono with God co equal with tho Father Tho writer said that all the educated mind waa on tho high rood to " puro thoism ' which ho (Mr Slaty er) remarked generally amounted just to "Pantheism" Give up a personal God and then that indefinito thing called "nature," "law," and "order,' and Homo other things-abstractions of the like sort becomo deified If man had never Binned there would not bo so much nerd to fear this " puro theism " Creation primarily was no doubt intended to be a ladder by whioh man could ascend to God, but is it now5 Man might say it would do whilo things wont on smoothlj "J olney could say atheism would do, but not when he was brought to feel the force of what tho roport called the " logic ol circumstances If they looked at tho constitution ot mind, and only at tho constitution of mind, no doubt this pure theistical faith hod something in it, but if the} looked ot tho promptings of man s nature-intel lectual, moral-emotional, ui virtue of tho capacities vvhich attend Ins existence, and that, too, irrespective of all the questions that pertain to charoctor, the} would see that man needed the presence and the power of a religious system as the anchorago ground of hopo not less than as the basis of ins feeling» and his thoughts His constitution would bo true to its composition Iho transgressor might say m his heart ' there is no God, but at the sanie time that heart would m ovcry throb of it say in spite ot him "thero is," and everj atom of his vital organ w ould proclaim "He istliv Maker Hence the iden of atheism is outlaw ed bj the most elementary utterances of the human soul lo this urgent nature Chnstmnitj replies with ita revelation of God If thej looked at the condition of man, the} would soo the nccessitj of tho Bible, God in Jesus Christ being brought m m order that man in his condition might havo what he wanted to secure the right constitutional action of his nature 1 hot condition, in its threefold aspect, might bo regarded n= placing him before us as a sinner, a sufferer, and a victim of death As such, he wants relief and that too of such a kind as is best expressed and understood by the terni "salvation Perfectly conversant with all the facts in the moral pathologj of man, Chriftionity ap- proached him, and, m the first place, presented to him pardon through a crucified Christ, m the second, encouraged lum to exercise patience, nnd inspired lum with hope, and, in tho third, revealing heaven as the possible, and (if faith bo present) tho sure and happy sequel of dving So it is that universal human nature in all the forms in vvhich conscious hfoexists may bo drnwn to the cross and live forever How per fectlj adapted is that system to our nature just as wo feel ' Jil opt fitting was it that angels should sing its inaugural, and equally utting was it that the beavens should be elad in mourning when its Author expired (Cheers) In these times, when thoy were forced to action b} ' the logic of circumstances," it was of the highest importance that they should have this idea impressed upon their hearts Sii causo ought to create a new material, intellectual, moral, and spiritual destin} for our race, and leave its indelible mark upon the face of the world-and so it did We were m tho habit of glorying much in the superiority of tho Teutonic race and especially in that part of it to which wo more particularly belonged-namel}, tho Anglo Saxon, but as we are sailing so gally along upon the tide of our gloiying let us never forget that the aboriginal elements ot our race were once as rudo as men could woll be Iho change effected was owing not to its northern latitudes, not to the composition ot its blood, not to its peculiar ph} sical conformation, but to that teaching of tho Bible, which was the grand secret of its present and pro- spective condition îsot in the rocks which formed the strata of its «ca girt itle-not m tho waters which washed its 'hores incessantly, but m that religion which for cen- turies had there found its home must the philosopher look for the true reason of England s greatness (Cheers ) Chnstianifv mndo oí man a man in tho highest sense of the term It sent him forth as with a creative wand in his hand, to call the big world into the activities of a new life-to extend its beneficence and to gather strength with over} step of its own progress-un- wearied bj effort, and not to bo satisfied until the last soul le converted and saved (Cheers) It was that Gospel thev hndto workjinthis count!-} without it we could never be " Great, glorious, and free ' Onlv as we lind Gospel principles, worked into the constitution ot this eounüv, onlj ns we had that righteousness which was the tiue exaltation of anv nation-should we have prosperity over which heaven would icjoiee, nnd of which we ourselves might glorj but when we had got that, our prosperity would bo based upon a foundation açnmst winch the gites of Hell could never make head He hid muih pleasure in moving the resolution (Cheer« ) The Rev I JOHNSIONL seconded the rctoluU&n; As hihrev biothei (Mi Slatvci) had shrunk fiom grappling with the report, the meeting would not t>uppo«c flint ho would have the tcmentv to enter into a statement of He principles oi an expansion of its pur- poses Ihe report spoko foi itself but he would take up a pacing hint which his rev. brother had dropped about the Anglo Saxon race. That was our race; and it was very desirable that we should, as citizens ns Christians, md ns Congregationahst», look at the position and prospects of this land 1 batlow South Vv ale» was to be a great eountrv, he had no doubt, and that the Anglo Saxons, were to be its possessor and rulers he was prettv certain It was not bj accident that the e lands had fallen under Bntish swav "W hat were accidenté, with ub weio purposes with God It wasnotmerelj to gratifv oui national vanitj or ambition that so large a portion of the earth s surface, and BO manv of its inhabitants had fallen under the povv er of the Butisii Crown, but it was for the woikmg out of God s eternal purposes m the moral and social regeneration of tho îaco Hint fho Anglo-Saxon race was destmed to be the predominating power m the world's future was tolerablv certain, and that the destinies of the world were to a great extent bound up with the destinies of that race In ev en /one j ou would find that thatraco had planted her flag, and wherever sho went sho took with her her liraguoge, her ideis, her institutions, her phdosophy, md her literature Older nations had violded to the power that they woro in- capable of resisting Well, that race was here, and in pos- session of this land, and probably the wildest dreamor, in i even his wildest revene, never supposed.that anybody else I would ever come to take it out of hor hands Considering then, that tho destinies of the vvoild were bound up with tho Anglo-Saxon race, how important it was that that race should be Christianised-should be brought undor tho prov ailing power of the gospel of Chi ist It was important alike for the growth and tho development and the este bhshment of tho people and the nation, for it would nlw8jB bo true, that while righteousness exalteth a nation, sin was the weakne« as well as tho reproach of any people Let there be a great and an intelligent Christian empire built up here, and how would Christianity irradiate her blessings nil around ' Tho Christian element would then work itself out, and would act erelong upoa the teem- ing millions of China and India Providence had put us to a great work, and unless we did that woik we should bo removed out of tho way, and others placed in our position 1 ho question then arose-What woro we doing aa Christian people» What was Chrishanitj doing in this land» It was doing much He was not disposed to take a very gloomy view of the prospects of New South Wales religi- ously Many were running to and fro, and knowledge and wisdom were being increased on over} hand Something had been done, there hod been progress Nor was he disposed to underrate what was now being done* An in- fluence for good was being exerted But were wo doing all that vvns required of us-nll we might-ill we ought to do! Ho thought not He thought that we might do moro I than wo were doing. Wo ought to ¡double ,tho_nui0,i?r of churches and ministers that wo had, and by God a blessing wo would havo thom boforo long. Tho germs of power wcro amongst us, but thoy wanted development. To work for God and for souls was what wo woro called upon to do. And what motives thoro woro to urge us to do our work! Unless wo porformed ourproperpart as adenomi nation wo should withor and bo blotted out ;-wo should decay and pasB away. It was a law of Providonco that was repeatedly exemplified in tho history of nations and churches,-t_at HO long OH a pooplo woiked out God's pur- pose for the improvement of their race, so long thoy would bo prospered ; and that so soon as thoy ceased to do that, howover powerful, prosperous, energotic, or wealthy thoy might be, they began to decay, and ultimately passod away. And wo should find, that if we did not perform tho work allotted to-us, God's curso would como upon ns in some form or other. Depend upon it, our responsi- bilities were just equalled by our power. Lot it bo remembered too thnt it was amongst tho Anglo-Saxon race that we bud to work. The work was at our very doors ; and tho call was nono the less powerful on that account. If wo did not act boldly in stemming tho tido of corruption and pollution around us, judicially, and as a law of Providouco, the irréligion of tho pooplo would act so strongly upon us as not merely to stultify our cfiorta, but to sink ns down. While wo wore feeble, inactivo, or sluggish in our efforts, tho agencies for evil were active. This was not a timo to be weary in well- doing. And the aolivity of other Christian denominations ought to provoke us to a jealous rivalry. Wo wcro a favoured peoplo ; there waa a fair field for operations, and i an open door which none could shut against us, unloss we ourselves shut it by our indifference or- our incapacity to enter. Wo were called to lay broad and deep tho founda- tions of the future edifices of this land. If wo acted unitedly and vigorously something might be done. As patriots-as thoso who wore anxious for tho establishment of peaco and good institutions in this land, let us endeavour to exert a strong Christian influence around UB. As philanthropists, as those who wished to atom the tide of human wretched- ness and increase tho sum total of human happinoss, wo should seek to toko Christianity to tho people and spread it broadcast among them. As Congrogationalists-as callod to be witnesses for noble truths, lot us prove to (ho nation that wo woro not merely dreamy theoretical enthusiasts, hut let us aim to show the embodiment of our principles. These wo should transmit to society and to coming ages-a rich heritago of truth, and a noble history full of inspiring los sons and of genial influences. And as Christians lot us lny ourselves on the altar of Christ, and, having con- secrated ourselves, lot us givo of our substance as God had enabled us, remomboring that if New South Walos was to be groat it must by Christianity, and Christianity alono, or if not by Christianity alono, she could novor bo great without it. Wo should also bo urged to increased liborality. Our prayers too, both in public and in privato, should be offered for the Buocess of this work. He had great pleasure in seconding the resolution. (Choers.) Tho resolution was then put from tho chair and carried unanimously. The Rev. S. C. KIINT then moved the second resolution which was as follows : That this meeting, firmly holding that the Gospel is " the power of God unto salvation," and that God is pleased "through the foolishness of preaching to save tbein that believe," Is of opinion, list-withstanding the "oppositions of science falsely so called," thnt the Divine Revelation, which it is our privilege to possess, is adequate to meet man's spiritual wanto, and, employed and applied by the noly Ghost, through the agency of the Church, is destined to surmount every obstacle, and triumph over every enemy. It appeared evident that the gentleman who drew up that resolution intended that the speaker upon it should run a tilt at tho " Essays and Reviews ; but he would be grievously disappointed. He had boon much gratified with the report, which was certainly the ablest that ho had over listened to. In reference to tho subject of his resolution, it was not necessary that ho should advise the descendants of the PuritanH that they should not bo led astray by tho " Essays and Reviews," of which probably they would never havo hoard but for certain old ladies in England in lawn aleoves who were dreadfully frightened at their publication. (Laughter.) Tho sheets might possibly havo come out ns the lining of certain trunks containing "understandings"-(laughter) -but he felt convinced that tho book would never havo had a circulation, or havo arrested attention, if men had not been lrightened upon its first publication, and if they had not advertised it by talking about it and by speaking agoinst it. (Hear, hoar.) Ho was not then going to run a tilt at the "EssayBond Reviews;" ho had little confi- dence in the development theory,-he had too much respect for his reason to beliovo that his original ancestor was a gorilla. (Laughter.) In a magazine lately ho had seen a riddle vvhich he would proposo to tho meeting, with refer- ence to the development theory- It was this:-Given, the period from the SCVOB Wiso Men of Greece to the seven writers of "ESSIVJK and Reviews," what period would elapso before the gorilla developed itself into a man? The answer was,-Posbibly twenty thousand years; possibly twenty million years. (Laughter.) But to return to his resolution: tho message with which wo had been en- trusted was "the power of God to salvation to every ono that belioveth ;" and ithad pleased God that that message should bo delivered, not by foolish preaching, but by " the foolishness of preaching." He knew, indeed, that there were those who did not think it necessary that the ministry " should bo an educated ministry. Ho remembered ¡loaring of a good man who introduced a discourse upon the text, " Unto you thaCfear His name shall the Sun of Righteous- ness arise with healing in his wings," by requesting his hearers to observe, that it was a son and not a daughter that was spoken of. (Laughter.) And ho remembered ulso hearing of an instance in which one was advocating the advantages of an unlearned ministry, by referring to the fact that Paul was a shepherd boy, and was brought up at the feet of Mount Gamaliel. (Laughter.) Now, ho did not think it at all desirable that we should have such a ministry as that. Wo wanted men who were capable of rending the Scriptures in tho original languages, and of understanding an argument and placing it in a logical form before an audience ; but not to preach n new gospel. Ho desired that the gospel of Bunj'an nnd of Baxter, of Owen and of Howe, should be preached in our churches and through the length and breadth of the land ; but we wore not anxious that it should be given in just the same form in which those Fathers gave it. For instance, he would not desire that the minister of this church should bo dressed on a Sabbath morning just ob John Howe was dressed, in his church at Torrington. Nor did he think it would be desirable for preachers of the present day to adopt the style of a E readier of the seventeenth century, who-after e had expounded and explained his thirty divisions-said he did not intend to he tedious or to split up the words of the text to a needless extent, and he would only introduce fifty-six divisions more. (Laughter.) And there was a termon extant by one ef the preachers of tho same century, which contained no less than ono hundred and sovonty divisions, and in which tho preacher apologised to his con- gregation that he had loft out many useful and important particulars which he would have introduced but for his desiring only to give them the very marrow of tho subject. (Laughter.) Now he did not wish to see the preachers in this colony pursue that style. But what he did wish was, that they, should stand forth with the great cardinal truths which our fathers preached, and upon vvhich he did not think it could be possiblo to improve-that man was ruined, that Christ died to redeem him, and that tbe Holy Spirit had been sent forth to regenerate him. He looked upon it as a reproach and a shume to the Christians of this colony that on one of the diggings thousands had been for months gathered to gc-lher during the past year without a minister of religion. At length a Roman Catholic preacher had been sent there, and since then an Episcopalian minister had gone there ; but .surely if we gloried in our voluntar}ism, and had faith in our principles, wo should not allow the soldier to go up with his bayonet and keep away the missionary with his Bible. Let not that be the caso' ; but let us do what we could ¡u oider that the glorious Gospel of the Blessed God inight be spread through the length and breadth of the land. (Checis) îhe Rev. Mr. A'mrcn seconded the resolution. It spoke of Hie power of the gospel, and set forth that truth vvhich was proclaimed by the Apostle Paul, " that it pleaded God by the " foolishness of preaching" to save the world-the proclamai ion of an ignominious fact- the death of Christ upon tile Cress. They looked upon this colony as a young and rising nation, and spoke ot its becoming great and glorious ; but this could only be by tho favour of God, and by its people seeking tho knowledge of the Most High, with that light of the Bible vvhich shone so brilliantly in the Fatherland. How wns the country to bejniado groat and piosperons ? Soma trusted in different forms of political government; other* said let us have peace by arbitration, and no war ; nt another time the laureate nnd the nation urged the cry of the battle-field as a means of greatness and security; but neither these nor the scientific and intellectual education of the people-not even'the highest morality would do. And the power must bo tried-this " foolish- ness ot preaching "-this telling of a simple fact, that Christ died-that God BO loved the world that Ho gove His only I begotten Son that whosoever believeth in Him should havo i everlasting life. This being carried to the hearts of indi- viduals ono by one, until it filled society, would mako the woret of physical things tend to high, holj-, and excellent 1 results, Proofs of holy writ might be required, but it was not by them that sinners were brought to God, but by tho proclamation of the simple fact that Christ died for man. It was by this means that thoy must advance tho cause of Christ in this country; like the mus- tard seed when planted it must grow little by little, until the tree wog formed. By ¡preaching the Gospel must society be regenerated, that we believing might overcome through Christ. The resolution, having been put and carried, a collection took place in aid of the Society's funds., The Rev. W. CUTHBERTSON moved the third resolu- tion. That this meeting, while not unmindful of the debt of gratitude which ¡t owes to the Great Head of the Church, for that measure ofsucccts which has attended the past operations of this socioty, and for the prosperous condition of the several stations originated through its instrumentality, some of which are still in part sus- tained by its funds, deslíes more fully to realise its responsibility in relntion to the neglected districts of New South Wales ; and hereby pledges itself to earnest prayer and renewed and increased exertion to supply additional labourers, and to fulfil the obliga- tions which rest upon us, in common with other branches of the Christian Church, in reference to the inhabitants of this colony. He had, he believed, since he was lost upon this platform visited all their churches in the colony, and a groat number of their out-stations ; and he ventured to say that although there might not be marka of great visible success, yet look i ingwifh tho eye of a Christian and tho svmptithy of n I brother on tho work, one carno away amazed at the- suecos» which had attended thoso continuous efforta of tho ministry, and tho co-operation of the people. At Nowcastlo, the minors, soanicn, and public had to a great extent como under the influence of a minister who owed his success partly to his godliness, partly, to his power of speech, and partly to IH'B deop insight into the Truth. Ile was doing a largo amount of good in that important city. In Maitland, othor religious donami nations were doing immense work ; and, God bo thánkeá, that their good brother had holped them BO far. Among tho hospitable people of the Illawarra district, thore were three Independent Churches, xvith out-stations which wore visited by the ministers ; but the demand for ministers throughout tho country was in excess of tho supply. Ho thought that two things mentioned in the report gave tho key to solving this dil-otdty, or the mystery became greater-it must bo through, calling upon the young men to give themselves up to tho work of the ministry hore, combined with the action of the lay agency upon a far more extensivo pinn. England required all the men she had thoro ; and the sooner we sot about undertaking the work of supplying our own men the better. The people as far as he know would ovelcomo the Gospel ; they xvere longing to hear it that was his experience. He believed there xvas no district in this colony that would not welcomo and cheerfully sup- port a man of God among them ; they were open to reçoive the GoBpel. This responsibility tho Church should immo diatoly take up, anduso it best onorgios in order to provide young men tor tho work. They dct,ircd co-operation and communion with the othor Christian booties and denominations ; the Congregational Chui i-h did not onvy tho success of any of them ; but ho besought his friends not to let indolence and inactivity overoomo thom, though they- might bo comforted with tho knowledgo that sonio Christians wore truo to God and the saving of souls. The Kcv. Mr. CHAUTKH (of Wollongong) soconded tho resolution. From his experience of tho peoplo of this country, especially thoso in what waa designated "tho bush," he was deeply convinced that there was in their hearts a desire for that simple truth-Christ and Him crucified-as the basis of human happiness and man's sal- vation. He urged those who know and appreciated tho Gospel to enter upon this official year xvith increased energy and dotcruiinatien. If they sent forth ten ministers to different parts of this country tho message xvould be re- ceived with joy and gladness by thoso individuals to whom they xvoro sent. The resolution ovas put and passed unanimously, and a benediction having beeu pronounced, the meeting dis- persed. 