REVIEW. SILAS MARKER, THE WEAVER OP RAVELOE. " Silas Marncr " bears to Gcorgo Eliot's former works much tho relation Thackeray's " Esmond " boars to his more popular novels, or Currcr Bell's " Villctto" to "Shirloy " and «' Jane Eyre." It will delight the critics, but perhaps disappoint tho ruck of -hnbitunl novel- readers. Tho story na such is slight, tho plot patent bofore it is holf doveloped, and some of tho characters rather sketches than carefully .executed portraits. "Wonderful sketches' some of tlieth are, suggesting a wealth of knowlodgo . and insight behind suoh as is given to fow, but Sketches only, nevertheless. Part of this short coming mny bo duo to. tho' size within which the nnrrativo 1ms bocn compressod. Gedrgo iEliot's thoughts and plots aro usunlly alive, and compression injures them ns it injures _ alt other living things. But with tlmt protest on behalf of tho novel-render tho nttompt at criti cism must cud. Written in English, which in these days of efleminntb stylo it is a luxury to -rend, tho hook is porfcctly studded with bril liancies of thought nnd humour. Tliero is scarcely a pogo from which we cannot extract a gem. Tho old qualities ot tho writer, that -marvellous insight into tho motives and ideas which move inferior minds, the subtle analysis of apparently ordinary character, ' the keen perception ol tho iiiflucnco of hnbitunl restraint :nnd freedom, shine out, in more than their accustomed power. Tho hero is . a psychologi cal study, andliis gradual development through ;an original but uneventful career is traced -with a pen whioh neror misses its stroke, and only leaves him when lie stands beforo tho irenaer a being lie personally knows. SiJns 'Mnrner, tho hero of tho story, is a weaver in a largo town, and connected with n religious so ciety "known to itself ob tho church which assembled in Lantern Ynrd." Highly regarded by his church, Silas .Marncr, n weak, short sighted, upright, and narrow minded man, contracted a friendship for another member,, who accused him of theft. Tho oridenco against him was strong, and tho church re ceived, 'after a fashion which was once common :in tlio smaller religious communities, and which Wesley is said habitually to hnvo practised, to rteat his guilt by-drawing lots before tho Lord. '.The lots declared - Silas -guilty j nnd, with his -faith overthrown, . and his heart- broken, Silas fled to Raveloe, , n villago.full of "homesteads, ' whore men supped heavily and slept in tho light of tho evening hearth, and whero women -seemed to bo laying up a stock of linen for tho life to come." Tliero he pursued his trade, . a. lonely man ; ho . could not go to church, for the church in tho village was too unliko tho only discipline I10 knew. ' Ho missed "Tho whitewashed 'walls'; the lit, lie pews where well-known figures entered with n sub dued rustling, nnd whero first' one well-known voice and tlicii "another," pitched in a peculiar key of petition, uttered phrases at onco oeenlt and familiar, like tho amulet worn 'on the "heart; the pulpit. whero the minister delivered mnquestioned doctrine, and swayed to and fro, and handled the book in- a- long-nccustomccl manner; tho very pauses botwoen. the couplets of the hymn, as it was given out, and the re-, current swell of voices in song: theso tilings "had been tho chonnol of divine influences to Marner — tlioy were the fostering homo of his religious emotions — they wero Christianity, and God's kingdom upon earth. A weaver who .finds hard . words in his hymn-book knows, nothing of abstractions'; . as "the . little 'child, "knows nothing of parental love, but oiily "knows ono faco and one lap towards which it' stretches its arras for refugo and nurture." Ho could not go to the alehouse, and the neighbours missing him. from these twb resorts, began to look_evilly upon _tlie Btranger. Be-' " isidesj was "li'd nof a weaver ? and weavors. were (generally wnndorers. , ' ... " No ono knew whero . wandering ..men lind their homes or their origin"; nnd how was' a' man to be explained unless you at: least knew '.somebody who knew his -.father, and mother"? To the.peasants of old times, tho, world outside tlioir owh 'direet experience .'was' a region of vagueness and mystery : 'to, their, untrnvpllcd thought a-8tnto of wandering was a conception ;as dim as tho winter lifii'of'the swallows that \- -came back with 'this s'pringT arid cvenn settler, ,;if ho'camo from distant parts, hardly -ever ceased to bo viewed with arremnant of distrust, whioh would havo prevented 'any surpriso-df . a "long course of inoffensive conduct on his part 'bad ended in tho commission of a crime ; es pecially if hp had any reputation . for jknow- lledge, or. showed.any skill in handicraft." , It was a village, the author, says in linotlipr iplaeo, whero 'a' miser 'was safe from robbery, for how could thieves have' spent' tlie money in their own village without betraying themselves. 'They would be . obliged to ' run awuy '-r;a. oourso ns dark and dubious as n - balloon joni-' mey." Thus Jsolated, Silas Marner turned to, bis trade, nnd became by imperceptible degrees a miser — o 'miser, however, not led, by ihe ordinary thirst for gold/ The motives j w|iich impelled him; to- an objectless saving' arc dosoribed with power, rarely, . equalled jin the literature of. fiction, and n subtlety of analysis- George Sand would with difficulty orhutate. "Wo must extract one sentenco : " Gradually . the guineas, the crowns; and the half-crowns, grew tola heap,! -and learner drew less andless-for his own wants, trj'ing to solve tho problem of keopirig -himsclt .strong -enough to work sixteen hours a day on as small an outlay as possible. Have not men, shut up in solitary imprisonment, found an iiitcj-est in marking the momonts by Btroiglit strokos of a certain length on the wall, until the growth bf tho sum of straight strokes, arranged in t-ri angles, has become a mastering -purpose ? Bo we not while away moments of inanity- or "fstiguod waiting by repeating somo jtrivial movomont or sound, until tho 'repetition has bred a want, whioh is incipient habit ? j That will help us . to. 'understand bow "tlio jovo of accumulating money grows an absorbing pas sion in men . whoso imaginations, , even in tho "very boginning of their hoard, showed thcin no yiurposo beyond it. Marnor wanted the Ihcaps of tan to grow into a square, and then into a larger square ; and ovcry added guinea, Iwliila it was itself a satisfaction, bred a now esire. In this strange world, made a hopeless riddle to him, ho might, if ho had had a leBS intense nature, have sat weaving; weaving — idoking towards tho end of his pattern, or towar is' the ond of his web, till lib forgot tho riddle , and everything clso hut his immediato sonsa -ions ; but tho money had corao to mark off .'lis wear-- wg into periods, nnd tho raonoy not only grow, but it remained with him. Ho'begnn to think' Ht was conscious of him, as his .loom- -.was, - and lo would on no account have exchanged! those- ooins, which had become his familiarp, for- otlic'r eoinB with unknown faces. - Ho handlod 'them, I10 counted them, till tlioir, form and, 1Uur wore 11K0 tno sntistuotion ot a tiucs.t to him: but it was only in tlio night, when his "Work was done, that ho drew thom out , to enjoy their companionship." J And so he laboured on till tho, heap had -grown largo, and tho t-hrend of his life crossed with tlmt of a family which brought him nt onoe_ punishment arid consolation. This fjunilv consists of a father, Squire' Cass, "liri old, farmer af tho weakly tyrannical sort; " whose memory kept certain strong impressions unmodified by detail," the oldest son, Godfrey, a weak imnn, ekotohed in with a pencil so light thai tho character is hardly . logiblc, and a brother Buustan, a very ordinary blackguard. 'God- froy, years before, has married and; descried a low-born wife, and his knbwlodgo of tliij fact, gives Dunstan porvor over him, ' which hq uses I to extort money paid to: Godfrey by tlio I miiitj, X/UTlBvQIIj VrllSlCCl Avlvll U 11 Ox 3 0 WIlOSv I "Sale will replaco tho money -thus. given j lum, I stakes tho animal, and stumbling half-mad' with I annoyance, into Silas's cottage, finds the! hid- I den treasure, nnd with it " stops forwnrdi into I the darkness," and; is drowned. Godfrey, I ignorant of his ftite,' confesses his bestowal of I 1 Lmony to his father, in a scono ns lifelike I as Thackeray over described, nnd is told lis nn I atonement to mako love to Miss Nancy Lam- I Pjeter. This young lady i3 Godfrey 'a saerct I Idol, but tho knowledge of his bondage fetters. I ®> and afraid either; to. confess o.iveomriiit a I mo, ho hangs back from tlio teinpiation ho I juinot shako off. 'At ' a great party, giro'n by I squire, at which Naney Loifimcfbr_ is' pro- I intclligcueo io brought in "of" a ipoor woman found dead in tho snow. It is God- 1 frey's desortod wife, ond who, a victim to opium, has been frozon to death in sleep, while on lier way to expose him. Hor child is found and retained by Silas Marner. Godfrey con ceals tho wliolo affair, marries Naney Lammeter, nnd tho -story takes a leap of fifteen years. Tho second part opons with the deserted child, now grown into a fair girl of sixteen, whoso undeveloped character is described with a sort of loving nceuraey, which succeeds in leaving that most 'difficult impression for nn nrlist to produce, tho bright promiso of tlio future porfectnoss. Silas Marner has relinked liiuisclf to life, and tho stepB of tho process are described with humour of, a kind which is wanting even in Adam Bcdo. Tho neighbours havo becomo neighbourly, for his goodness to the child has removed the local superstition, nnrl ho finds in tho love of his foundling a ehnrm which restores the unity of his two pxistcnccs. \Yo cannot extract from tho ex quisite descriptions of his new life, for wo shall not havo room for tho portrait of Naney Lnmmotor, now Airs. Godfrey Cass. She and her husband nro childless, and Godfrey urges her to adopt Eppie, though without explaining his own relationship. But " Adoption was more romoto from the ideas nnd hnbite of that timo than of our own ; still Nancy had her opinion on it. It was as neces sary to her mind to have nn opinion on nil topics, not exclusively masculine, that hud corn 0 under lier notice, iW for - her to have n precisely marked plaoo for every articlo of her pcrsonul property : nnd hor. opinions wero al- wnys principles, to be unwaveringly acted on. Tlioy wore firm, not because of their basis, but because sho held them with a tenacity inse parable from hor montnl .action. On nil the duties and proprieties of life, from, filinl boha- viour to tho arrangement of tlio evening toilette, pretty Nancy Lammeter, by tlio time alio xvns thrco nnd-twonty; had her unaltnrable littlo code, and had formed every ono of her habits in strict accordance with that code. Sho carried theso decided judgments within her in tlio most unobl rusivo way : they rooted themselves in her mind, and "grew there as quietly as grass. Years ago, wo know, she insisted on dressing liko Prisoilla, . because ' it was right for sisters to dress alike,' nnd because 'she would do what was right if sho wore a. gown dyed with cheese-colouring.' That was n trivial but typical instanco of tlio inodo in whioh Nancy's life was regulated." "Who, after that-, does not know Naney Lammeter ? A. Boliomo of. drainage, however, lays bare a pit out side Silas Afarncr's cottage,, and tho skeleton of Dunstan is found clutching tho lost troosuro. Godfrey, frightened at this proof of unsleeping retribution, tolls his story to his wife, and together tlioy proceed to re claim Eppie. Eppio refuses to leave her ndoptod father, and Silos lives on happily with his daughter,' uiarriod to a gardener, , to the last, regretting only tliat his . innocence was never cleared to Lantern Yard. "W 0 have given but-n poor sketch of the story, but, as wo havo said, tlio charm of tho book' is in tlio writing, in tho subtle working out of Silas Alarner's internal history, in tho perpetual touches of a wise humour which, so to speak, ripple smilingly over the stream of tho narra lion ; in tlio minor characters, tho description of whoso, ways and littlo sayings creates an impression liko 0110 ol. -"Wllkio's priintings. There is tt scene of gossip, for instance, in the village inn just as Afarner rushes in to complain of his loss, almost Siinksperian in its quiet fun,, Dogberry is scarcely better than .Alaccy, tho villiico clerk, who tells his " deppit v " " you're right there, Tookoy,, thorc'r always two 'pinions ; there's the 'pinion a man has 0. himsen; and' there's tlio 'pinion oilier folks havo on him. There'd ho two 'pinions 'about n cracked bell if tho bell could hear ; itself," arid' rehccka n farrier of irreverent ideas who wants to see a ghost before lie bcliovcs- in thcrii, "ns if glioses 'ud want to bo believed in by any body so ignirant." Nor must wo forget AIis3 Prisoilln, proud of her own ugliness , and kecri seriso, or Dolly Winthorp, a Mrs. Poyscr and honoy, a woman ' so eager for duties tlmt life, seemed to offer them too scantily uiiless sho roso ; nt half-past four, though, this . throw a -scarcity of-work over the more ndvnnced hours 'of the morning, which it was a constant pro blem witli libr to rcriiove," and who was "only" gravo and inclined to shake' her head rind sigh liko n funoronl mourner who is not'o relation," and " confessed that tilings came into her head when she was lebejiing or.poultioing, suolv as ,sho could never think ; on when sho wns;sittiiig still." But to ; quote all the good sentences .would ho to re-publish tho book, and wo can but advise all men whoso palates, can relish literary ratnfin to purchase Siliis Alurrier.'— _ Spectator .''.' ..." j ' ' ' Selv-Des'triiction. — O110 oftho inmates of tlio Bonevolont Asylum, on old man, named John Stanley, destroyed himsolf yesterday, ut noon, by cutting. his throat. Tho; deed, was .dono;intho stable, and dono with such'; deter- mination that not onlv_tlie_wind.pipe. but the cosophagus wns cut through, tlio wound pene trating. to tlio spine. - A small-, pocket knifo was usod for tlio. purpose, and the unhappy- ninh. was . discovered weltering, in- his! blood, before lifo was quite gone.' Tlio president of tlio Asylum nn'd Dr. iHillas. w'bri'-'on tlio spot at' the time, but. tlio suicido : was too effectual, iui-l death rapidly supervened. Tho man had noted as wnrtlsman in- tho Asylum, anil had appeared dull, but- had shown ho dangorous symptoms. An inquest will bo held by the coroner this' morning. Tho dcoensod was n widower, G7 'years of ago,; was formerly o splitter .at AYurrenhoip, and was . admitted to .tho Asylum last September.—/ Ballaaratl Star, '20Lli' Juno. : 1 xiiewiror/esaw: Evictions: The Land- ioRD's.DjiEENCE.— Tho tenants of Air; Adnir, about '280 in numbor, in tlio toivnliind of Dorryvngh; county of- Donegal, wore peaceably -cvioictTpn" Afonday,""and tlioir houses, lcyollod. Many 'of thcrii; being ; wretchedly poor,' wero obliged Ho go to tlio workhouse. Tho rest willprjbnbly emigrate. In reply to a clerical appeal and' remonstrance, Air; Adair "Bays : — '.'That this eoiirso. involves very largo peoaniaiy loss, : somo porsonnl .risk, and great popular odium, yon must'bo.well aware nS X n-nj All my - personal interests, all my feelings are against it-. You will; howovor, ro'ooltect that a previous proprietor of my estate, Air. | Afar- shall, "wns murdered; that on theso lands X was myself attacked hv n largo armed party, most of whom I recognised as inhabitants ; that nb ut the same spot my manager, Air, Murray, was murdered j that while I jwns a guest'i'n the houso of one of you, investigating this murder, tho offices were maliciously ljurnt down— (for which- outrage you, 7gontlcmon, of fered a reward); that two 'or more of the oironer's jury in Mr. Alurrny's case, wlio'found a/vcrdict of 'Wilful Alurder,' were nttabko'd ; .that large numbers of my j sheep have j been from timo to timo made away with j that my idogs-liuvo been on two occasions poisoned; and that u.syBtcm of intimidation, with. threals of inuraer, 11ns oeen carried on lowurus inyseii nntl my servants. In- not ono single ins'taneo wore the perpetrators brought to justice. ; You nib also nivaro that in ,tlio manngomont of my Donegnl property hitherto thqro has .'not I been, ono single eviction among a' very numerous tenantrv, nor nn'aore pf mountain eommonage tuken from the people.'' Considering, Ithen, that almost all tho crimes above enumorated wero in somo way connected with that part of tho 'properly called Dorryvngh, that the perpe trators of- many of thorn must have been known to tlio people of tlmt district, mid that no in formal ion or assistance has ever been givon for their discovery, it scorned clearly my duty to lako.lho strongest nieusures in my power to put an end to a stato of tilings which iiiucta it .impossiblo, for, myself or my sorvqnts, to without, arriis in our hands— n tato of things ' l.A A ! in nnv DAIinilW aiuiuau muruuiuiu Ho concludes, " I purchased this property four years ago, enchanted by the surpassing beauty of tho . Suenery. Aly strongest . desire was . to open up theso romoto districts, and to elcrato : and iin prove tho condition' of tlio people. I eaiihot' suffer myself .to -bo iritiriiidnted or divorled from this by tho infornal oombinntibri called tho Riband Society, wliieli has so fatally spron'1 itself over tlio country." ' ; Two of Mr. Train's, street tramways diavo been opened in Iiondon. /One. of .these; runs from, tlio Al.wblo-nrch for ahout n mile toiyards Nblling Hill; tlio other runs from thoi wost tront of W'estminstor A.bbey to about 1 mile down, tlio now! Victoria street. The next .to -be opcued is ono from Hackney to Shoreditelv, 