METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. (from the Liverpool Albion.) London, Saturday Evening, September 8. TEAR'EM(?) tells his knifegrinders, and needy in news must they be to require suoh intelligence from so antique a file, that "talk is the curse of Parliament"; and forthwith he himself proceeds to talk about him- self, as did a dozen other loquacities at the Cutler's Feast about themselves, to the extent of a tolerably long debate, without one of them saying one syllable that is remembered, or deserves to be remembered, one minute after its utterance. Be talk a curse or blessing, the public delight in hearing it while abusing it, like South Sea Islanders, who kiss and kick their idols in the same breath; and now that the national talking-shop is shut, they talk of nothing but the nothings talked of there these last seven months, and speculate on the probabilities of its being opened for more talk of the same sort within the next six weeks. The one thing they seem never tired of listening to, perhaps because there is nothing else to speak of, is talk about their talking lions, and any small Boswell of a showman who says, "lend me your ears," while he narrates "how they eat, how they drink, how they sleep, how they snore," in the West- minster menagerie, is sure of an audience from the many-headed monster, the public. Ministering to this taste, or tastelessness, let us lay open a little real inner life of a kind unchronicled in Hansard, and ex- empt from the jurisdiction of the Sergeant-at-Arms. If Pimlico resemble Palmyra and Tyburnia Tadmor, if Rotten Row be as full of emptiness as it lately was or vanity, and that the blinds, pulled down along the left side Park-lane call up to the pensive pedes- trian ophthalmic visions of the way-worn one-eyed Calendars in the Arabian Nights, what image of' desolation shall picture the loneliness of Palace- yard, Old and New?—one, the habitat of the uncrowned Victoria Tower-and the punctual Peers; the other the locale of the Tower of the untimely Clock and the belated Commoners. It is only while the sense of the recent nonsense is strong upon us that we can fully appreciate the contrast the lock-jawed place now presents to what it did when crack-jaw smote the universal ear with the Babel of headless tongues, each unfolding a tale full of sound and silliness signifying nothing. But it is the scene of substantial jaw-work, the eating- rooms, that furnish most food for rumination, and very difficult of diges- tion some of such food is, a good deal of it being suffi- cient to tax the gizzard of an ostrich, however easily it may assimilate with the gastric juice of an Irish M.P. in whose stomach nothing sticks save a dinner with Duke Humphrey;—most graceless and ungracious of hosts, causing the guests to dine at their own expense, an infallible remedy against a needy gentleman making an alderman of him- self. Throughout the huge pile of Barry's Folly there is no spot suggestive of sadness as this. Melancholy is the effect of all meals, says Disraeli; and more truth never pointed an axiom of that Asian Mystery's, however paradoxical it sound to an Euro- pean tymphanum. The contemplation of the where- abouts that meals have been eaten in is proverbially pregnant with gloomiest reverie; and hence Camp- bell's Last Man, confronting chaos, and painted with "a pencil steeped in earthquake and eclipse," is rather a friskly tableau compared with the sybarite Moore's impersonation of the lugubriously used up—namely, "one who treads alone some banquet hall deserted; the lights are fled, the garlands dead, and all but he de- parted." Elsewhere, in the House of Commons, desolation is dreadful;—here it is intense; the dif- ference between a funeral chamber and the family vault. In the talking-room of the now silenced chattel boxes the ventilating matting and the little slips of carpet are rolled up. The metal floor, full of longitudinal air-holes, is laid bare; and the grid- ironish apparition begets tragi-comical conjecture as to what on earth, or under the earth, our old friend, the New Zealander, will think of the pneumatic "contrivance, when he comes to examine the ruins of the fabric, which won't be long, according to the rate of the ruination is going on; bricks tumbling down, while the mortar either won't dry up at all, or else is calcined into the colour and con- sistency of Lundyfoot's high-toast, and laying hold of the throat instead of the nose, though not forgetting the organ of sniff either. Should some future Sir George Bowyer, or other cross- bearer of anather car- dinal, come to moralise over the debrit of the Legis- lative edifice, he will probably point out that this per- forated compartment was where the tyrant majority of heretics incarcerated the followers of the old faith during the passing of persecuting Acts of Parliament And such narative would be just as trustworthy as three-fourths of the legends that pass for history on "the best authority"; as witness the fuss in the leading journal all this week about Froude's froustiness concerning the theologic executions under the four last Tudors; none of the commentators thinking how worthless most be nearly all such evidence when we find in our own day not a single authentication of those Indian mutilations that were lately accepted by wholesale with unquestioning omnivorousness, and are to this hour believed in by thousands who regard themselves as paragons of discriminating intelligence. A thin layer of dust has settled down on every- thing within ken of Mr. Speaker, whose own penthouse of a chair, no longer protected by its overhanging awning of green canvas, is clothed in a coat of whity-brown powder that would give a tidy housemaid a nightmare of spiders and cobwebs to look at. A solitary policeman, the murky azure of whose bottled up tailory and anatomy accotas with the blue devils his aspect conjures up, stalks at intervals through the sombre corridors, as if unwilling to disturb either dust or silence, apparently intent on killing his great enemy, Time, by thinking «n a far greater personage, in his estimation, than ever thundered in Senate or shock the field, to wit, Sir Richard Mayne, K.C.B.,—most special of all constables. "Remote, unbefriended, melancholy, slow," as is the peripatetic guardian while perambu- lating the passages, he puts on a peculiar pensiveness on approaching the masticatory chamber, and mentally gazes along an interminable vista of vanished boiled beef and evaporating legs of mutton;—filling up, or perhaps increasing, the aching void in his in- dividual epigastric compartment by meditations on mealy potatoes;—a commodity in which Bellamy's has immemorially excelled, at least since the Union, when the Murphys of College-green became theore- tically identified with the Smiths of Westminster, and engrafted their taste for the Celtic root on the Saxon stem. This room, or rather series of rooms, is, like every other in the building, redolent of Barry, and therefore of blunder, and consequently of Irish- isms. Because it should be particularly light, cheerful, and airy, to counteract the dys- pepsia engendered by precipitate gobble, and to reconcile the feeders to the calamity of partial strangulation occasioned by eating with the alacrity of alligators, it is in every respect the reverse; low, dark, dismal, and stifling; lighted only on one side, and the windows looking into a narrow court, almost hermetically sealed against airs from heaven, but freely open to blasts from Styx, Anglice Thames. So obscure is it that every day light-dining M.P.'s, generally commercial men, otherwise gents, have occasionally to call for candles; and the wax pro- duces a curious impression according to the light wherein it is looked at on reflection. The silence, the loneliness, and the twilight which now reign would appal Robinson Crusoe and his parrot, and put thoughts of suicide in his cat, the feline tenacity of vitality to the contrary notwithstanding. Still these grave-like items of depression act as lively invocations to the buried memories of the absent busy-bodies, and recall the normal condition of the sphere. Let us take a cursory glance thereat. Some ticklish cabinet-capsizing discussion is afoot, and is coming to a head. Mayhap the "Appendages" are about to be scattered to the winds by a "fortuitous concourse of atoms," one of whom, the Manchester Brutus, Milner Gibson, is going to deal a Bernard Conspiracy stroke at the traitor who has crossed the Rubicon ; not that he loves Caesar less, but that he loves Civis Romanus more. The Ides of March are approaching, and Calpurnia of the Carlton is presag- ing the doom of the Tiverton dictator by the hand of the lean and hungry Cbsbíus of the University, or the learner though less hungry and more sharp Casca called the Sheffield Blade ; trenchant alike to friend and foe, sparing'neither minister in his wrath, nor member in his mirth, always except- ing Archimedes Lever, the Galway Screw. Why he should be an exception is a secret more curious than ever Priest Daly yet heard in the con- fessional, or even will hear till John Arthur Roebuck himself is Father Peter's penitent, seeking in- dulgence, which will have to be a plenary one indeed if it only half equal the subsidy for carrying coals to Newcastle, otherwise the correspondence of the Cladagh herring-catchers to the cod-crimpers of New- foundland, at the rate of about £99 19s. 11d. per letter to the general taxpayer. The Whips, myst- erious as to the precise moment of division, and a general anxiety to know what is coming off, keep the House full and the clubs empty. In the dining- room every table, there being some ten or twelve at each side, is occupied, except the two at the extreme end, and one just beyond the screen that midway bisects the apartment. Into the first of these divisions thus formed members bave tbe right of introducing their friends ; but sacred against alien foot are the precincts farther on. Procul, o procul, este profani, might be the legend on the vestibule, admonishing the stranger he is in the vicinage of territory consecrate to that most jealous of all gods in the British mythology, the Golden Calf not exceptcd, namely—Privilege. In the anterior moiety of the «pace indicated may be seen admiring «onstituents entertained by their smiling representative, who pointing out the promis- cuous and particular lions[ feeding and unfed, every now and then exclaims with special emphasis to the provincial Gobemouche, [open-mouthed in more ways than one], "Look, coming along there; see him; that's he." "Who?" asks the verdant rural, astonished at the commotion created in the member's manner hy the Bight of as ordinary a looking indi- vidual ns ever walked up the High Street of Little Peddlington on a market-day. The member's eye, if a pupil of progress, ap- provingly follows the gaunt gauche slouching cordwainerishly-aUired person, as though he were the glass of fashion and the mould of form, down the room to the table near the window ; and when quite eure he is out of ear-shot, though perhaps be would rather he were within it, knowingly confides to the consituer.t the fact that that is a great man, Mr. Laing, Financial Secretary of the Treasury. This illustrions obscure ia probably followed im- mediately after by a still greater man in the estimation of the constituent, especially if place-hunting, a» ia roost likely the case, namely, the Patronage Secretary, . Mr. Brand, a dapper little mannakin < [albeit an honourable, and "heir to the long-descended Dacre peerage] resembling a email attorney in -'comfortable ".*circumstances, that, is, in ciTcumsUncfs to make everybody else uncomfortable. Thernember then apprises the constituent thât^hejtabie whereat these functionaries have sat down is Bet Apart for ministers,'and'the table facing it for the leaders of Opposition, -though caste isn't strictly adhered toJ among these Brahmins, who arc sometimes found below the Halt, and taking pot-luck even with the Pariahs of the party. As each table only holds six the magic number for genuine conviviality, which consists in blandly wishing perdition to your neigh- bour over the way-there cannot be a very large gathering. But, the truth is, many of the ministers and the great bulk of the members never dine in the house at all. The First Minister is every conspicuous from his absence, and Finality scarcely less bo, putting in appearances at the festive board only two or three times a session, and then looking about as yivacious ns a ghoul. Gladstone is an infrequent participator in the piquancies of the cueine of Steers, the present caterer and successor of Bellamy, who is long extinct, and the character of his homely minis- tration to the sires of the existing senators is wholly altered. Then the staple of the bill of fare [open to all comers at half-a-crown, and a Higginbottom might take a chair beside a Howard,] consisted of steaks and chops one day, varied with chops and steaks the next, the cooking going on in the room, in tbe man- ner of a city tavern, where a roaring furnace eufficient to frizzle n cyclops to look at it ia the great allure- ment. But there were giants in those days, capacious alike in brain, heart, and stomach; and few loyal gentlemen considered they had treated their own constitution with respect till they had sirloinishly increased their ordinary avoir- dupois most unmistakeably, and raised the British < spirit« to the duty of taxing French alcohol by respec- tively draining a tureen of Jamaica rum punch wherein the author of Don Carlos would have had to swim for hiB life if he happened to take a header by way of mistake. Then indeed " the glasses sparkled on the board," and there was brilliancy on the floor after- wards. The imbibers of fire-water, fire-eaters like- wise, spouted with tongues of fire too, emitting words of flame, and thus the burning ardour of the luminaries of the legislature ignited the community from the Eddystone to the Skerryvore, rendering England a blazing beacon of solace and admonition to all the eons of Adam-Smith, of course. 1 understood, Adam being first of Smiths, and therefore foremOBt of men. Now, slack, how changed the scene ! The stalwart Smith has degenerated into the effeminate Smythe, Smyth, and Smithson ; while the British lion has pined into a poodle full of Parisian tricks of begging on its hind legs, taucht Íoh, ghost of Cour de Lion, oh, Richard, oh, mon loi !] by the Unadorned, and getting nothing for its pains, save the kicks and cuffs Bush ignominious sycophancy deserves. The once robust and vigorous collective wisdom, who had sagacity to disdain dainties and fal-lals, now pick their epicurean way among kickshaws, ragouts, entremete, hors d'autres, and outlandish etceteras ; and think that laying hold ef the drum-stick of a British goose this Michaelmas would he followed by a drum-head court-martial, and a diumming out from all respectable society. Behold the consequences-an assemblage of representatives the mere thought of belonging to which is enough to inspire any man having a head on his shoulden with the conviction that he is a fit object de lunático in quirendo, and that he muBt be nearly a« cracked as one of the commissioners when putting the Lily and the Bee in foolscap. Returning to our mutton, that is, to the devourers of shoulders of Southdown on the pastures of St. Margaret's, Sir Comewall Lewis, Sir George Gray, and Milner Gibson are very regular in their refec tatory observances, going to work with the air of men who didn't mean to stand upon trifles, and they cer- tainly don't. Lewis, being a philosopher, very properly holds that whatever is worth doing at all is worth doing well. Accordingly, he devotes himself ' to his dinner with the labonous conscientiousness which distinguishes everything which he attempts, and with a good deal more success than attends some of his experiments. The late Mi. Dando, the oyster cide, -wouldn't ostracise him on the score of failure in the opening line ; for Sir Comewall would swallow the Whistling Oyster itself, and, for the matter of that, the Learned Pig after it, without making a wry mouth, and assuredly not a risible one. Gray does much mere justice to his food than his food does to him ; for anybody to look at Sir George would fancy he hadn't bieakt'asted since last general fastday. Asfor Gibson be really appears to dine by way of a joke, as if to show, which that droll countenance of his does, that he relishes the humour of being a curiosity, in the' cabinet of the Comic, Old Gentleman 5 and there isn't" Moubt but he would ply a knife and fork, or rather a spoon, at "a banquet in the manner of the ancient», according to the model in Roderick Random, if he could thereby contribute, as be unquestionably would, to the hilarity of the Conscript fathers, his late master, John Bright, by no means included. But the Opposition are far the best diners. Disraeli never missee a night ; and a night of entertainment it invariably is with the Arabian enchanter. He be I witches everybody o la Sidonia ; carrying the Philis I tines (willing) captives to the Judean lion's Macea bean banner, in the ? fashion of his own Alroy, whose tale isn't half so Wendrou» as the biography of the Hebraic member for Bucks. " Benjamin's Mess,'* 8B the dinner at his table is called, is one for which 1 the bartering away of a bitthright would hardly be a v. rong-doing. It is " a feast of nectared sweets wheie no crude surfeit reigns," his wit being the sauce piquant that would create an appetite within the ribs of death, and would prevent an anchorite crying out hold, enough,' till further absorption was impossible. Seriously, however, he does exercise extraordinary fascination over all who approach him ; and this by no effort of his own, and almost in spite of himself, as was the case with Lord Herbert of Cherbury, whom people would insist on receiving cufia on the head from, they were bo fond of him, and prayed for a striking reciprocation on his part. Like other great satirists, all the Peel-alayer's gall is on his tongue'; but milk of human kindness exudes from ducts and pores everywhere else. Hence, despite 3 seemingly repellent exterior, and a disdain of all artifices 'and trickery for the creation of partisans, he has a personal following, properly bo called, which no other political individuality of our time could or con pre- tend to. Unlike all such, his has been proof against the want of the leader's success-an.ordeal before which the popularity of every other chief has collapsed in a twinkling. The Young Englander so far follows the example of Old Enelanders, the prece- dent of Pitt is bo far copied by Pitt's successor, that port is the potation of the Palestine Tancred; per- haps because of his predilection for beeswing, sug- gestive alike of honey and stinging, in both of which articles of taste and virtu he particularly excels. It might be thought that the author of the Young Duke would patronise only Lafitte, Chateau Margeau, and the rarer growths of the Côte d'Or ; while readers of the Rhenish revels in Vivian Grey would look for Rudisheimer. Tokay, Johannisbenrer, and the sister vintages of Fatherland. But, 1 he.adheres to tbe Tory beverage of the Douro, the imitations whereof, often better than the original, coa stitute,,according to his own showing, an importent domestic manufacture in Houndsditch ; and perhaps that is one reason of his acerbity towards the vine garised vinous tipple of the Gladstone tariff. Pursuing our DarticulaiB of prandial pursuits in parliament, let ns add that some of the legislative cormorants "do" their dinners in tie Yankee Doodle style, ibolting I heterogeneous viands in the fashion Abernethy ! recommended to produce ¡hypochondria ana I 'all- overishnessi |They eat in taciturn moroseness, and with a rapidity which gives one the notion that they > are «11 fhe while thinking of taking out a new patent * 1 ' for a saussge-mschine. They keep the * order of the day" next thtir plates, 'glaring at. the typo-i graphy so as to give the impression that they have tiemendous motions coming on for impeachment of the Speaker, or repeal of Magna Charta, or the reston ration of Queen Victoria's thirty-firet courin, the Duke of Modena, to the throne of the " true prince " -Charlie-Angho Rex, Gratia Dei, tea non volúntate hominum, as Cardinal York, calling himself Henry IX., has it on his tombstone. These "representative men " ever and anon interrogate the attendants as to " who's np ? " and grunt out an spprohationary " ah ! " or a condemnatory " oh ! " according Se the response is< satisfactory or the reverse. Other members, again, dine with the same assiduity and punctuality, where punctuality is possible, na they serve on a committee, and as if they were duly returned to ditcharge that and no other function. Others, acting on the hint in the Political Biography of Lord George Bentinck, " fall intothe eOBy habit of diningat Bellamy's, which saves much time, and permits the transaction of busi- ness in conversation with a congenial friend," hash up politics with cutlets, and settle the affairs of the man in the moon over calfs-head, called tit* de teau in the carle. This is framed on the genteelest of Gallic gas- tronómica! precedents, much to the bewilderment of certain unsophisticated Britons who dropped their mother A', in infancy, and to whom Parley "Vous is Greek for Jerusalem artichokes. The Bellamyaic dinner is managed exactly on the club model, and, in spite of occasional growling, for of course Bull is bear over victuals, is admitted to be very satisfactory. In ,respect to wine in the dining-room, a peculiar little bottle of pert, holding but half a pint, and costing 2s., is a pet with some members, generally from the manu- facturing districts, who dine as fast as if they were dis- patching the mouthful« by spinning jenny machinery or electric telegraph. The Badmington. always ready; is always* good.' Sols the hock ; and Scbtch small still is in .large favour with consumers from beyond the Tweed j-absorbent Picts, who would take enough usquebaugh to scald a rod deer, hut without turning a huix ol their own Caledonian propriety. The verdict varies about the t>«e_. which chiefly comes from one of their own body, Bass, and who is an advertisement of its "pale" effects; while young Whitbread, taU-> and thin as a Maypole, is certainly no woof of the fattening consequences of stout. The joints oro served a la Stute, carved in the servers, and the dissected portions then brought to table. The final act of the drama is the settling of the bill, which is done as each member passes out. " High Life Below Stairs," or a night with the Peers in their kitchen, we shall treat of some of these days. Meanwhile, let us thank God for a House of Lords, at least that it isn't such a House of Lords as Lord Kingston, who was to-day fined forty shillings, which he couldn't pay, and was locked up in default at the Westminster Police-court, for being as drunk as a lord lastnight, and kicking cabmen and constables round Charing-cross, says he is a worthy member of. This unfortunate pauper peer, beggared by the Bcoundrel Sadlier, [the Vathek-like palace of Mitchelstown, and all its princely appurte- nances, dissipated, no one knows how, by the prussic acidized attorney] has long been noted for his harm- less eccentricities about the precincts of Parliament : a feeble, tottering, decripid, semi-paralysed, and semi silly creature, though he was second class in classics at Oxford, and able enough till misfortune shook his brain. Those who knew him will indeed be electri- fied to hear that he has now come out in the Sayers and Benicia Boy line, and threatening black eyes to Morley's waiters ; for he has hitherto hardly had strength enough to carry an umbrella, though it wasn't for want of practice in trying, as he was always borrowing one, ana always punctually forgetting to return it ;-a habit, however, not peculiar to peers of the realm, and not to be included in Mr. Bright's catalogue of enormities characteristic of hereditary legislation. General Pebl on the National Defences.-At the annual meeting of the Huntingdon Agricultural Association, General Peel, M.P., on rising to respond to the Army, Navy, and Volunteers,' was received with loud cheers. He said : " Gentlemen-The com- pliment that you have just paid to the Army and Navy and the Volunteers includes some 600,000 in- dividuals. That branch of it to which I have the honour to belong, namely, her Majesty's Regular Army, comprises alone, with the magnificent addition which has just been made to it of the local European army of India, no less than 250,000 men. The Volunteers, the Pensioners, the Militia, and the Yeomanry swell the 'number to 000,000, and if we add our gallant sailors and the Boyal Marines,-than which there is not a finer body of men in the world-the total number will reach at least 600,000, all of whom are prepared to defend the possessions of her Majesty. (Cheers.) And yet, gentlemen, we are told that we are not a military nation. For the purposes of aggression I trust we may never be. (Loud cheers.) I sincerely hope that we shall never be induced to interfere with the affairs of other nations, and I trust, at all events, that we shall never go to war for an idea. (Hear, hear.) But for the purposes of defence I hope we mav ever be found a very military nation, and that it will be seen that upon that point we entertain some very strong ideas, which we are prepared to fight for if necessary. (Cheers.) One of those ideas I take to be this-that if a foreign foe were ever to be allowed to land in Üiíb country, we have an idea that he would never be allowed to go back again. (Cheers.) In carrying out that idea, I am perfectly certain that the regular army would receive every assist- ance from all those other branches of the service which I have just mentioned. I have not, however, the slightest idea that such a contingency will ever arise. (Cheers.) The Volunteer movement has now become a great and established fact, and I trust that it will long continue to be so. I trust that those who have come forward with so much spirit will not only continue their own services, but do all in their power i to encourage others to follow their example. (Cneers.) Perhaps, as I was for about sixteen months responsible for the security of the country from attack,-inasmuch «s the minister of war, whoever he may be, is responsible to the country for its security, it will not be out of place to mention one fact which makes me think that this Volunteer movement is of far greater conséquence than many persons imagine. It is admitted by everybody that the great security for the defence of the country must always rest upon our maritime superiority. -It is imagined by many that. our Navy ought not only to be equal to that of any other country but equal to that of all other countries combined, and that if it be not so we must always maintain in the country a large Military force, and that without the Volunteers we should not have such i a force. Now, it is somewhat disheartening that after all tiie exertions we have made during the last two years and the money we have lavished upon the Navy | to say that a great doubt has arisen whether the ships we have buUt and the money we have expended have not been thrown away. It is now supposed that a new war vessel-the iron-cased frigate, has been established and that it will render almost all the exertions we have made and the money we have spent useless. Upon this subject I may' state an opinion which within the last eight days was given to me by one to whose judgment with respect to pro- jectiles I attach great importance-I mean Sir William Armstrong. He told methat he considers this ques- tion as merely one of Naval architecture, and that if you can produce iron-cased vessels attaining anything like the same speed and as seaworthy as the ordinary men-of-war, no other vessel will have the slightest chance against them. (Hear, hear.) If this be true, and I do not doubt it for a moment, what will be the consequence ? "Why, the entire reconstruction of our navy. (Hear, hear.) To give you an idea of the expense which would attend auch a reconstruc- tion, allow me to inform you that two vessels which I were ordered by Lord Derby's Government, i nd which are now in the course of construction, will c >st no less than a n illion of money-£500,000 eaiS. (Hear, hear.) Butwhstever the cost may be thi. country cannot afford to be behind any other either with regard to the superiority of its ships or of weapons of defence generally. (Cheers.) I perfectly believe that we sre at least equal m point of soldiers and sailors, and in the name of the former I beg to re- turn you my thanks for the honour you have done them in drinking their healths." (Loud cheers). United Service Gs:ette, October 13. Put my that Stick, my Man.-Young men would call upon him (Mr. George Stephenson) for advice or assistance in commencing a professional career. When he noted their industry, prudence, and good sense, he Jwas always ready. But, hating foppery, and frip- pery above all things, he would reprove ahy tendency to this weakness which he observed in the applicants. One day a youth, desirous of becoming an engineer called upsn him, flourishing a gold-headed cane. Mr. Stephenson said, "Put by that stick, my man, and then I will speak to you." To another extensively | decorated young man he one day said, " You will, 1 hope, Mr.-, excuse mc, I am a plain-spoken per- son, 9nd am sorry to sec a nice looking and rather I clever young man like you disfigured with that fine 1 patterned waistcoat, and all these chains and fang dangs. If I,' air, had bothered my head with such things when at your age, I would not have .been 1 where I am. now.''-Men^Yho have Risen.: A Nut ron mi Nattjbaust.-The promontory I of Bertra, in Clew Bay, county Mayo, is bounded on' one side by the ocean.and on the other by an inlet of the tea, having a large white strand. This latter has been resorted to for picking up cockles and rayor-fish out of the sand ; and the pickers, by industry, might obtain during the period between two tides a few quarts of either. This year, however, the pickers were amazed one morning to find that the scanty supply of cockies had increased to a fabulous amount. By removing a few inches of the white »and, the cockies were found lying in beds sufficiently deep to be taken up with shovels, and as toon as it beoame known the place waa resorted to by hundreds daily some with boats, into which the fish were shovelled, others with horses and creels, whilst the picker had only to fill his basket and go home. This has now continued aome time, and the pickers say the fish are nearly as plentiful as ever. They are not the very large cockle, nor yet very small. They are a medium size, with large ones amongst them. Query: Where did the cockles come from, and how ? Gbavv-olooy, a Féminins Science.-Our friend, " The Professor," who was recently a member of a committee to examine the young ladies of a female seminary as to their scholarship, got into rather an embarrassing position. Ab his fellow committee-men were examining the young ladies in astronomy, alge- bra, geometry, conchology, ichthyology, entomology, pieumatology, geology, physiology, and other bke ologies of fashionable female education, the " Pro- fessor " suddenly broke silence for the first time, by propounding to the pupils generally the startling in- quiry, " What is gravy ? " The'entire institution faculty and all-were aghast, i Of course the question was toe deep for the intelligence of the pupüa, and their indignation too deep for utterance. Gravy was a branch of science and a product of art which they had never' mastered. Gravy smacked of fhe'kitchen, and suggested useful "knowledge and in-,' dustry. To think that they should be suspected of such a thing ! Some burst mto tears, and the Lady Principal looked grave about gravy. But the " Profetsor " was not to be daunted, and repeated the question. "What is gravy?" No response being given, he himself gave a scientific answer to the question, foliota by some practical suggestions, and wound up with " a few n.pPy remarks appropriate to the occasion," in which he advocated the novel idea that it is more important for a woman to know how to cook a plain dish, gravy included, than to calculate an eclipse. No gill (says the Professor) who cannot practically and scientifically answer the question, " What is gravy ?" should have the degree of F. W. (" fit for a wife ") conferred upon her.-Citizen. Volunteers' Right op Exemption fhom Pay- ment op Tolls.-Two decisions by police magis- trates have established the exemption of volunteers when on duty from payment of tolls. In a case before Mr. Mansfield, he sala, in delivering judgment, " the defence relied upon was that there was an express exemption by a clause in the Turnpike Act, which directed that ' No toll should be claimed or taken on any carriage conveying volunteer infantry when pro- ceeding to exercise, and the like public service ; ' while on the other hand it was contended that, although the words ' any carriage ' appeared large enough to comprehend every species of vehicle, the interpretation, according to the known rules of dealing with Acts of Parliaments, must be limited to carriages conveying infantry on a march and supplied by pub- lic authority. A decision of one of his learned col- leagues had been cited in support of this view, but he was not bound by that decision. It was his duty to judge of the case upon its merits and the facts addu- ced. The volunteers performed an important public service at their own private coat, and a necessary part of such service consisted in an assemblage for boll practice, and to pass along highways and through toll-bars to the practice-ground was in- evitable in most parte of the country ; such journey »/therefore, as the one in question were clearly madejffor the public service, and it was therefore easily conceived that the Legislature should deem it unwise to mulct volunteers in the tolls of turnpike gates on such occasions. If the liability to pay toll now insisted upon be established, its effect would be to discourage the attendance of volunteers at their practice-ground. Such being the case, he was inclined to think that the words of the Act were principally, if not exclusively, intended to exempt a volunteer under such circumstances as the defendant in this case. With this view, he felt it his duty to dismiss the summons, and, as an adjournment took place at the instance of the complainant, the defendant would be entitled to coate for one d»y." Spectator. A Curious Claim.-An American citizen, Mr. Robert A. Parish, jun., has mcmoralized Mr. Buchanan, asking his attention to a demand for £600,000 upon the French Emperor. Mr. Parish saya his claim is based upon a personal promise of the Emperor some time about the year 1853, to give him the amount in question, if he succeeded in de- monstrating the existence of a gold-field, similar to that of California, and accessible to the arms of France. He has fulfilled this condition, and France is not only in possession of the gold- field, but has worked it'for several years, and obtained an annual profit of £20,000,000. The scene of the wealth is in the interior of Africa, especially East of Senegambia and the Kong Mountains. After an interview be tweenJMr. Parish and the Emperor, thirteen vessels and 2500 men were despatched for the conquest of the territory, and the result has been " the unparalleled opulence " of his Majesty. The faithless person m the affair has been M. Fould. The Emperor wished Mr. Parish to have half the produce-"a flood of munificence" which that gentleman " declined from ita very maenitude." He deeired, indeed, to fix his claim within modest limits. ButflM. Fould in- sisted he should make it three times as large as ho had at first proposed, in order that one-third might bo appropriated by M. Fould himself. After the expedition had salied M. Fould proposed that another third should be appropriated " to one of his creatures." "Stupifiedat this new usurpation," Mr. Parish hesitated to comply, and M. Fould has pursued,him.with implacable hostility ever since. He has even gone so far at to insinuate that Mr. Parish is insane. During three subsequent visits to Paris, Mr. Parish has found himself subject to the strictest surveillance, and all 'hie efforts to see the' Emperor, or to communicate with him by letter, have been baffled. Once, in December, 1856, he saw the Emperor at Court, and his Majesty entered into con- versation, and promised hhn a private audience with a view to some final agreement ; " but before this could be brought about," says Mr. Parish, " I was again expelled from France by the strategy of M. Fould." Under all these circumstances he asks the sympathy of the United States' Pre- sident, and points out that the fact of France having coined £20,000,000 sterling of gold annually during several years past "abundantly manifests the justice of the demand for compensa- tion." It is not stated if Mr. Buchanan has replied to the appeal. It appears that an offer of the scheme was originally made to the United States' Govern- ment M.n 1863, but that, "mainly through the inability of the Administration to execcte it with adequate secrecy, it was not carried out." Mr. Parish reminds Mr. Buchanan, however, that they talked the matter aver prior to their "voyage to Europe" in that year. He now complains that he has felt the effects of the malignity of M. Fould pursuing him from France even in America. Possibly in some sug- gestion that strict surveillance is necessary in one country as much aa the other ?-Times. The Corruption in French Works.-From the popularity, the general agreement, the consentaneous tone, both ob to character and plot, of the works we have been considering, as well as from the absence of all exposing and protesting criti- cism, and from much corroborative informa- tion that his reached us, we are driven irresistibly to the following painful conclusions. The illicit liaiiont, especially with married women, are, in the upper and the idler classes of France, the rule rather than the exception, and that the exceptions are rare and remarkable ; among the ioti^iouie, we believe, the case is different-they are too buey for a life of dissipation and intrigue. " That, in the vast majority of instances, these haitont have their origin-not, as among the Italians, in genuine and absoibing passion, nor, as among the Germans, in blended sentimentality and sense, but-in vanity, want of occupation, and love of excitement on the part of the men, and in love of admiration, and (what is worse) mere love of luxury, on the part of the" women,-whose suitors furnish those means of extravagance which their hus- bands refuse;-and that this distinction is to be traced to the peculiar character and temperament of the nation. That into these liaitom the men appear habitually to import a coarseness and a cruelty, as well as an unchivalric and ungenerous roughness, in- dicating, not so much that they do not appreciate the sacrifice which the woman makes in giving herself to them, as that they do not believe it ie any sacri- fice at all. In fine, so little respect does there seem to be left for the feelings of women, so little belief in their virtue, to little trust in their sincerity or disin- terestedness-so completely have calculation, luxury, mutual contempt, and mutual mistrust, poisoned the tenderest relation of life and it« pureet passion-that the fitting epithet to apply to this phase ol French society is not so muco "immorality," as hideous and cancerous corruption. Wa . are little eus-i posed to indulge in trite moralities, or rigid ccnsori-j outness, or Btem condemnations in which is no, tenderness for frailty and no mercy for repentance. ' But surely those who incline to think bshtly of sacred ties and leniently of voluptuous indulgence and unlicensed attachments, may find a warning in these pictures of a social life where this lenience and levity are universal.» They may see there how surely and, bow rapidly want of feeling follows want of princi- ple ; how disbelief in virtue grows out of experience in frailty; how scanty is the joy to be derived from' the emotions of love when those emotions are re- duced to their mere beggarly material elements, divorced from the redeeming spirit, and stripped of the concealing and mysterious drapery of fancy and of grace ; and at what a fearful cost to heart and soul these feverish and wandering gratifications are pur- chased-how poor the article and how terrible the price,-a disenchanted world, a paralyzed and thread- bare soul, a past with no sweet and gentle memories, a future with no yearnings and no hopes.-National Review. A Wayside Inn at tub CArn.-A few miles from Simon's Town is a house ot refreshment which re- joices in the name of " The Gentle Shepherd of Salis- bury Plain," and the following inscription is placed en a large board which swings about with a screech- ing noise, evidently with an eye for business :-» Holism In parvo I Fra bono puthoo 1 Botertalsaent «er aus and beast all of a row. Leaker kost aa anea se jon please, Baeellent bed« without any flea«. No« patrian fatima« t flow ve are hear, . ÏWrniia, tato» Uv.t*r**lUai beer. , .wslLstMraetamaageriei, . Cease In «ad try it, whoever von be. ,r -Travels in Eastern Africa, by Lyons M'Leod. " ' ' Leaf-huilderb.-Every leaf we have seen con- nects its work with the entire anüaccumulated result of the work of its predecessors. Their previous con- struction served it during its life, raised it towards the light, gave it more tree sway ana motion in the wind, and removed it from the noxiousness of earth exhala- tion. Dying, it leaves its own small but well-laboured thread, adding, though imperceptibly, yet essentially, to the strength, from root to crest, of the trunk on which it had lived, and fitting that trunk for better service to succeeding races of leaves.-Modern Painters. To hit a target with a rifle at the distance of 900 yards is first-rate shooting. At that distance a mili- tary target appears about the sise of a pin's head on a postage stamp. 