FOPTJLAR LECTURES. The praiseworthy efforts nom being made in tibi» colony to interest and instruct tlic people T»y means of public lectures on literary, and ieienHEc subjects demand a word of grateful :reabgniLion and hrlpful encouragement from tbe public Press. Tbe platform lecture lias Bpafbecotnc a recognised educational institu tion *» tiie old country, and bids fair to obtain a proportionate importance and value amongst us. Stable Lords, members of Parliament clergymen, and gentlemen of tbe Press in Eng land are giving themselves to this wort with a •ml and talent which deserre high commenda tion.' "We believe tho Earl of Carlisle was the first of the patrician order who descended from tho high pedestal on which the old and exclusive aristocracy of ^Britain were wont to -OfeMid to mingle with the artisans and amretifes in the busy borough of Leeds, to in tbcm by his wisdom and cheer them by ifioMapatby. His example has been exten sirely-iollowed, iy-ioUowed, and it is now no uncommon | -tliawlo'find upon the platform of Mechanics' 'li^^ttfcs the noble and titled of the land. .Apaitfrom the positive instruction communi cated by a lecture of an hour's length, there is ted -good in this new feature ot the times. ^ Any arrangement which brings the separate . dasacsof the community together, and cspeci *liy into such close and friendly connection as that which subsists between a lecturer and his andience, must be productive of happy results. We .therefore bail litis as a cheering and hopeful sign of the times which are passing or etna. It is good for the lecturer, however high bis rank, to meet face to face wi'.li the men whose quickened intellects and brawny . bare done so uiuen 10 uuuu abric of England's manufacturing Icrcial greatness ; and it is good for _ a to have the assurance of sympathy Wftbttbeir struggles and interest in their social advinpBjnent on the part of the classes 8bore ihan;wiileh these lectures give. We are glad tilsttbesyBtcm of public lecturing is so surely sSlttnff .®&>t amongst us in this colony. We aire baited upon from time to time to report in onr oohupns the delivery of useful and popular lectures, w liich seem to he appreciated by large and intelligent audiences; and we uudcr standtbexe is a great demand made on the \- services of comjicient gentlemen, from many parte oftho province, lor aid in this direction. W«" rejoice, therefore, to find tliat the Board of OotMNtt of the SouLh Australian Institute the matter in hand on behalf ot tte catt&try; Institutes, and luive originated aiebemefor supplying them, at a reasonable edkt, with lectures on popular and interesting sutnects,. by gentlemen who have attained a weS-esteblished reputation in this department of public labour. The regulations under widen the country Institutes can avail them selves of the benefits of tliis scheme are now before us, and seem to us to be admirably '*' pted bo secure the end in view. " liacli a.is to pay tbesom of one guinea for tnce delivered, and half the travelling et^WMi af tlie lecturer," the Governors, we pffajitnf, suppleinenting this fee with an equal sum, arid paying the other half of the travelling expenses. " If possible, lecturers and secre taries to arrange so that the lecturer may visit two or more neighbouring Insti tutes oaf the same occasion, and thereby save travelling expenses." . These arc the most important ^of the regulations, and will show the Local Committees the advantageous terms on which they may secure for their In stitutes first-class lectures by first-class men. We believe that, as a rule, the only way to obtain lectures worth hearing is by pay ing the lecturers for their labour. The man who works with his brain lias as much right to compensation for bis labour as he who works I with his hands and Local Committees have no more right to ask a lecturer to give them a free lecture than they have to ask a printer to j advertise it for nothing, or to ask a carpenter to fit out a lecture-room with benches as his contribution to the Society. It is quite time that - this fair and just principle should be recognised and acted upon. We have beard of instances where gentlemen have had, in addition to giving a gratuitous lecture, to pay their own travelling expenses. We eau only suppose that this has arisen from want cf thought on the part of the Managers or Com mittees. Tliey could never beguilly of ihcinten-" tional meauuess of bringing gentlemen from their homes to a considerable distance for their . benefit and leave them positively out of pocket I by their labour. We think, therefore, tlie Governors of the South Australian Institute have adopted a wise and j List course in securing to tlie lecturer, if not an adequate remuneration for his labour, at least a proper acknowledg ment of that labour. The honorarium, what ever tlie amount, recognises the equitable principle that "the labourer is worthy of his hire." We hope the country Institutes will not fail to avail themselves of the liberal oiler made by the Governors of the South Australian Insti tute. It will be to their interest to obtain the occasional services of gentlemen able by their education and intelligence to contribute 10 the instruction and amusement of their members. Local Institutes are apt to languish when left to themselves; hut an interesting and instruc tive lecture, occasionally delivered by a gent Io nian of known ability, will act as a fiiip to their flagging energies, and leave a healthy influence behind it. The value of a popular lecture i3 two-fold j first,it presents the results of exten- : sive reading and considerable thought in a | compact and interesting form—giving tlie bearers the results without the labour of the processes {and this is no small advantage in a community lite ours,' where, unfortunately, the mass of the people have but little time for reading or study); and, secondly, it ought to be made a source of amuse* .ment as well as an instrument of instruction— the diy principles and naked bones of thought beiug vivified and clothed with grace'ul ornament, and brightened with occasional llashes of wit or humour. Wc- have few eDOugh amusements in this colony; and when we can, in communicating important infor mation, moke people merry as well as wise, we have achieved a great good. Wc arc glad to see an audience put into good humour by a dry stroke of wit or a racv anecdote by lecturer wise enough to. combine amusement with-instruction, and who has too much sense to think he is sinking the dign ity of the teacher when he makes his audience laugh at his occasional sallies. It positively lias done us good to listen to the loud and cheerful laugh of half a dozen sharp hoys at an interesting lecture, who have instantly- caught the good points of the lecturer, and, restrained by no roles of Tigid propriety, have loudly testified their pleasure. Molifire read his comedies to liis housekeeper, and found that where she laughed he .was right, -for the audience gene rally laughed at the same passages ; and so we believe where clever sharp lads find amuse ment a good thing lias been said. j From the list of subjects on which gentle men are prepared to lecture, and which wc presume Iibb been sent to the various Insti tutes, we think we can promise our readers both instruction and amusement. There arc' biographical subjects in abundance, from Hampden the patriot to M&caulay; the histo rian ; scientific, subjects . belonging to earth, air, nnd ocean; subjects of poetic literature and criticism, embracing some of the grandest names in the long beadroll of literature. I'o our readers wiint to know all about "The Gipsies," or a few good "Ghost Stories," or sometbingof the history of ^Bubbles," then let them send for the gentlemen who arc pre paredlo enlighten ana amuse them ou these subjects and a hundred others beside. Wc wish every success to this new attempt to supply the people with healthy sources of information and recreation; and trust it will be appreciated and encouraged as it deserves to be. 