ANNUAL MEETING OF THE LONDON MISSIONARY SOCIETY. The Annual Meeting of the New South Wales Auxiliary to the London Missionary Society was held in the Congre- gational Church, Pitt-street, on last Monday evening. The attendance was very numerous, the capacious church being well filled. The platform was occupied by a large number of minis- ters of different denominations, among whom we noticed, besides those whose names subsequently appear as taking part in the proceedings, the Rev. Adam Thomson (United Presbyterian), and Rev. Messrs. Pitman, Darling, Slatyer, and Savage (Congregational). The president of the society the Rev. W. Cuthbertson, in accordance with previous announcement took the chair. The proceedings were opened with singing and prayer, the prayer being offered by the Rev. M. Veitch. The CHAIRMAN rose, and said he felt it a high honour to have been asked by the committee to occupy the chair at that meeting. It would, however, be an easy task to preside, and pleasing to himself. While taking the chair, many of those present, he doubted not and he with them, could not but recur to one who, blessed be God, was still with them, who long laboured in the city as the pastor of that church—who, at all times, in his power and prime, was president of the society, in connection with which the meeting that night was called. He referred to the Rev. Dr. Ross (Hear, hear, and cheers.) He (the chairman) felt sure that in his feebleness and age, unable as he (Dr. Ross) was to come among them and take the chair at that meeting one of the most satisfactory reflections in his decline of life was the sympathy he felt for, and the work he did for that society. (Cheers.) In such a meeting it was more a matter of pro- priety than necessity to have a chairman, and as there were so many ministers on the platform who were to address them, he should not make a speech, but he wished to ex- plain why the ministers who would address them were re- quested so to do. He saw before him venerable men who had spent a lifetime in the missionary work—he referred to the Revs. Messrs. Buzacott, Darling, and Pitman (Cheers.) Those aged ministers could speak of the joys and sorrows of a missionary life—of their labours among the heathen , but he was sure that they were desirous of hearing their young missionary brethren, who had arrived by the John Williams, and who were about to go forth full of zeal for the mission work, and they had been chosen to speak to the first resolution (Hear, hear.) There would also be a representative expression of the churches feeling in the colony to their other brethren, and it had been thought advisable that one of their minis- ters should move the resolution in which that expression was embodied, and be supported by a minister of another denomination ; he referred to a gentleman whom he was happy to see that night on the platform—the Rev. J. Eggleston (Cheers.) That would in some measure show the good feeling which prevailed in the different branches of God's Church in the colony. He believed the meeting would have a rich treat in the different addresses that would be delivered, and he hoped they would go away with their hearts stirred up to a deeper love of the truth which Jesus brought. He would now call upon the Rev. S. C. Kent to read the report. The Rev. S. C. KENT the following REPORT. In the kind providence of God, we have been permitted to gather together again to hold our annual missionary meetings. We meet in the name of Him to whom the Father has promised " the heathen for his inheritance, and the uttermost parts of the earth for his possession. " We meet in humble dependence upon the promised presence of the Holy Spirit, in whose strength we labour, and without whose gracious aid we cannot succeed. It is our happi- ness to live in a time when Christians are being especially stirred up to take hold on God in earnest, importunate, believing prayer ; when many parts of the world are being visited with a copious shower of heavenly influence; when the Church is being afresh baptized for her work, and when hundreds, nay thousands, are being gathered into the fold of Christ. It is an interesting fact, that we are engaged in our anniversary services in the very same month in which in the metropolis of our empire the great religious meetings are being held; that sermons at home and in this land are being simultaneously preached on behalf of foreign missions; and that, while we are presenting our report in Sydney, the parent committee are presenting their re- port in London. Additional interest is given to our meeting from the circum- stance that the good ship John Williams is again in our harbour, and that we are favoured with the presence of the Revs. P. G. Bird, W. G. Lawes, T. L. Green, and G. Morris, who have devoted themselves to the missionary work, and who in a few days will be on their way to their respective spheres of labour. We are glad also to state that these brethren are not alone, but that they have found Christian ladies, as self-denying as themselves, pre- pared to accompany them even to "the ends of the earth," and to work with them in civilising the barbarian, and christianising the idolater. All honour to the women who from love to Christ and an earnest interest in the great work of saving souls, have sundered the ties which bound them to their country, their kin- dred and their homes, and are going forth to endure the priv- ations encounter the difficulties, and engage in the labours of the mission field! We congratulate our brethren that each one of them has found a " help meet" for him, and we solemnly pledge ourselves by our sympathy, prayers, and contributions to help to sustain them in their work of faith and labour of love. " We are privileged not only with the presence of young men who have just been separated for mission work, but with that of men who have spent their lives in seeking the salvation of the heathen. The Rev. Messrs. Pitman, Buzacott, Mills, and Dar- ling stand before our young brethren this day as men who, by untiring effort and unflagging zeal, have earned for themselves a good report, and we are proud to know that there is not one of them who, if his health and years would permit, would not gladly return to his old position, and resume his much loved occupation. Your committee, in presenting their annual report, are anxious that you should realise your union with the great Society, of which this is an auxiliary, and that your proximity to the South Sea Islands, and especial interest in Mare, should not shut out from your view the vast field of Christian missions, and the obligation which rests upon the churches of this colony as much as upon the churches of the fatherland, to make known in every language and country "the faithful saying, and worthy of all acceptance, that Christ Jesus came into the world to save sinners." "The field is the world." The great commission which we have received is this : " Go ye into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature. In contributing to the funds of the Auxiliary you are helping to carry on the work not only in Mare, and in the islands of the Pacific, but in the East and West Indies, in China, and in Africa, and wherever the mission- aries of the London Missionary Society are found. We are free to confess that we feel a more than common interest in the South Sea missions. We conceive that there rests upon us in relation to them a special obligation. We trust that the day is not far distant when Australia will entirely sustain the missionaries in the Pacific. At the same time, however, we desire to retain unbroken our connection with the noble Society which our fathers planted, and on behalf of which many of us in various ways have laboured. So long as New South Wales forms part of the British Empire, we hope to continue to be identified with the London Missionary Society. The total income of the society, according to its last annual report was £93,966 18s. 2d. It exceeded that of any former year by £455 10s. 7d. The total number of missionaries sustained by the society has been one hundred and fifty two. Of these, twenty three are con- nected with the several missions of the South Pacific, twenty labour in the West Indies, thirty-nine in South Africa, nineteen in China, and fifty-one in India. In addition to the foregoing, the number of native agents em- ployed by the society, including catechists and schoolmasters, exceeds eight hundred. Our missionaries are engaged, not only in the publication of the Gospel by the living voice in the languages of the heathen, but also in the translation of the scriptures. When the people have possesed a written and well- constructed language, they have laboured to acquire it ; and when they have found no written form of thought, they have learnt the language of the idolater and savage from his own lips, and have given back to him the Word of Life in his own tongue, and taught him how to read and understand the heavenly record. Suitable works both on education and Christianity are rendered by them into the languages of the people. In the languages of Polynesia, South Africa, India and China volumes have been prepared and printed at the Mission presses, on grammar, mathe- matics, history, geography, astronomy, surgery and medicine; and with these translations have been made of "The Anxious Enquirer," "Come to Jesus, " "The Faithful Promiser," Line Upon Line" and many others, with that book of all countries and ages, "The Pilgrim's Progress." The interests of education are unceasingly attended to. In all Mission schools the truths of the Bible are avowedly and publicly taught, and yet the number of heathen scholars is limited only by the amount of the agency employed, and might, if the means of education were supplied, be enlarged to an amount almost indefinite. While working with zeal and ability these several branches of Christian effort, our missionaries regard it as their paramount obligation, and distinguishing honour, "to preach among the Gentiles the unsearchable riches of Christ." For this ordinance of God they desire no substitute. From the beginning to the end of their missionary life, they cease not publicly, and from house to house, to teach and to preach Jesus Christ as the only Saviour of our guilty race. Many of the brightest triumphs of the Gospel have, under the Great Leader and Commander of God's host, resulted from the fidelity, constancy and courage of our native agents. Hundreds of the natives, after passing through an appropriate course of edu- cational training, are now labouring efficiently as teachers and evangelists. In Tahiti, Madagascar, and throughout India in times of persecution and distress, amidst trials of cruel mock- ings and scourgings, yea, moreover, of bonds and imprisonment," they have laboured faithfully for the salvation their country- men watched with assiduity over the souls committed to their care, proved themselves ready to die for the Lord Jesus, and by their confidence, patience, and steadfastness, have confounded their adversities, and exceeded the hopes and expectations of their friends. It is impossible, in a brief report, to give anything like an ade- quate idea of the labours of nearly one thousand missionaries, native and European. We can only glance at a few of the stations occupied, and notice two or three things in connection with our missionary operations which appear to us to be of special and present interest. Under the immediate advice of Dr. Livingstone, it was resolved to attempt the establishment of two central stations on the great river Zambesi, in south Africa. Messrs. Moffat and Helmore were appointed to superintend this work. Mr. Helmore, with his devoted wife, left the station on which he had laboured for twenty years and which he had brought to a high state of social and moral cultivation, and started with Mr. and Mrs. Price for the country of the Makololo on the north of the river. From September, 1859, until the beginning of this year no tidings of them reached the directors. Now we learn that when they reached Linyanti, in the spring of 1860, a pestilential fever was raging and that Mr. and Mrs. Helmore, two of their children, and several of the native Christians by whom they were accompanied, fell victims to the deadly epidemic. Mr. and Mrs. Price were constrained to leave this land of death, and to retrace their course southward. No intelligence has since been received of their progress, but we cherish the hope that their valuable lives have been spared for future usefulness. How absolutely and entirely are we dependent upon God for the preservation of the precious lives of our missionary brethren, and for all success in their self-denying efforts to promote the salvation of the heathen. In India, in the province of Travancore, the missionaries and their numerous converts have been called to experience strange alternations of adversity and prosperity, of sorrow and of joy. The persecution by which the native Christians suffered so severely at the hands of the heathen countrymen has been followed by the two-fold scourge of famine and pestilence, which has swept away hundreds of the population, and brought desolation into the families of the survivors. But, amidst these dark clouds, rays of mercy and consolation may be perceived. Of the numbers who have recently been brought to renounce idolatry, none have had recourse to heathen rites or superstitions in this day of trial. The Christians of longer standing and more confirmed character have found refuge at the foot-stool of mercy, and by special and united prayer have sought beneath their heavy burdens, support and consolation from their God and Father. In Jamaica, a most remarkable revival of religion has taken place. Events precisely analogous to those which have attracted such marked attention in Ireland, Scotland, and America have trans- pired. This revival is not confined to one or two favoured spots, but has been experienced almost simultaneously by various con- gregations throughout wide and unexplored districts of the island. Commencing at a settlement of the Moravians, the gracious influ- ence has rapidly extended to the mission stations occupied by our Moravian and Baptist brethren, by our own missionaries and by the agents of other Christian bodies. The Rev. William Alloway writes :—" I can, at present, only record results of a general cha- racter. Many of the rum-shops and gambling houses which were the greatest hindrances to our usefulness have been closed ; hus- bands and wives long separated, have been reconciled, prodigal children have returned penitent to their parents; banns of mar- riage were published last Sabbath in some of the chapels by the score; ministers have been aroused to greater diligence and zeal; the churches are being purified; sinners are converted; every place of worship in this vicinity is crowded on the Sabbath, the demand for bibles is beyond our power to supply it. All classes are com- pelled to give some attention to that Divine Power which alone could accomplish such results and many who ' hate the change,' are compelled to exclaim, ' This is the finger of God.' " Our missionary brethren in China have manifested an intense desire to increase the number and raise the qualifications of their native agents. With this view they have adopted means for giving to the most intelligent and promising of their converts a suitable educational training. Both at Shanghae [sic] and Amoy classes of native students have been formed, who are being conducted through a course of useful learning and Christian theology. Too much importance cannot be attached to such labours. We cherish the sanguine hope that with God s blessing these efforts will prepare for the service of Christ in China an effective band of native evangelists. In no part of the mission field has God in his providence opened a door so great and effectual as in the isles of the Pacific. In proportion to the number of labourers, the number both of converts and communicants is ten times greater in the Pacific than in India. In the Pacific the aggregate number of missionaries belonging to four societies is about 120 , and each of the missionaries has, on an average, gathered from the heathen about 3000 converts , and out of these converts, about 400 communicants. In India the aggregate number of missionaries belonging to these four societies is about 450 and each of these, on an avenge, has succeeded in gathering from the heathen only about 300 converts , and out of these converts, forty communicants. Moreover, the expense of supporting a missionary in the Pacific averages only one half of what is required for supporting one in India. So that for about half a century, in the experience of the four largest Pro- testant missionary societies in the world, one pound has done as much in the Pacific as twenty pounds have done in India. Furthermore, in India there was a rich and extensive literature, in the Pacific there was none. Fifty years ago there was not a single book amid all the countless isles of the Pacific. Now, however, the whole Bible has been translated, printed, and put into extensive circulation, in seven different languages, viz. :— the Tahitian, Rarotongan, Samoan, Tongan, Fejeean, New Zea- land and Hawaiian. The Bible is now being printed in an eighth language— that of Aneiteum. Single books and detached portions of the Bible have been printed in nearly as many more languages. The Rev. G. Turner is now in England with a corrected copy of the entire Samoan Bible, for a second edition , and the Rev. G. Gill, with a corrected copy of the entire Rarotongan Bible, for a third edition, to be printed with marginal references. The Rev. John Inglis is now in the Fatherland, superintending the printing of the first edition of the entire New Testament in the Aneiteum tongue, and the Rev. A. Chisholm has taken home a corrected copy of the entire Tahitian Bible for a third edition, to be printed also with marginal references. What a precious freight did our good ship " John Williams " carry home ! Three distinct translations of the entire Bible, and a fourth of the New Testament. Another feature in the Missions of the South Seas ought not to be lost sight of, and that is the amount raised by the natives themselves towards the support of the Gospel. The free-will offerings of the native Christians in the Navigator's Islands (Samoa) amounted in 1859 to £1501 5s. The entire population of Rarotonga does not exceed 3000 souls. Nearly half the adults are in fellowship with the Church of Christ ; nearly another third, consisting of the juvenile classes, are receiving useful and religious instruction in the schools. The contributions of the Islanders for the year 1859 amounted to £135 ; and the number of evangelists educated in the institution and sent forth in the service of Christ, has exceeded 200 individuals. These are blessed realities. A Rarotongan evangelist thus addressed Mr. Pike, of Derby, by whose Christian liberality he had been sustained in his labours :— "May blessings rest upon you, my father, I am as the last- bom child ! How is it that your name is so well reported of in the land of my spiritual fathers- Gill, Buzacott, and Pitman ! I well know it is on account of your zeal and faith towards our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. I thank God that it has been my privilege also to know his salvation. My forefathers are dead, they never knew this great salvation which his been granted me to know. Now, I greatly desire to continue in the work in which I am engaged, not, indeed, that I seek reward, but because I, even I, know the salvation which is in Christ Jesus the Lord. " Mr. Murray, writing from Apia, Upolo, under the date of Octo- ber 1860, says:— We have still much cause for thankfulness. There is steady progress in most parts of the group. We have a large increase this year in our contributions—£300 over last year. The total amount this year is £930. A few years more, I trust, will see the London Missionary Society very nearly, if not quite, relieved of the support of the Samoan mission. The sums spent on books are very considerable, and altogether we have substantial ground to conclude that a foundation has been laid, and that a superstructure is being reared thereon, which all the adverse powers of earth and hell shall never prevail against. " Mr. Drummond writes from Samoa :—"After we arrived here, I was very busy holding missionary meetings all over my dis- trict. The result was 423 dollars and 733 gallons of oil. The station which collected most was Mr. Pratt's, of Savii. The amount was about £230. Our contributions have not fallen off any this year. We have encouraging communications from Messrs. Baker and M'Farlane of Lifu, and also from Mr. Gordon of Erromanga. Mr. Howe is again permitted to preach in Tahiti, and in a recent letter he speaks of having preached to as many as eight hundred in the native chapel, after which he administered the communion to four hundred. Our dear brethren in Mare have been called to pass through great tribulation. The Christians have been attacked by the heathen, and several of them have been cut to pieces. Mr. Jones writes :— What the end will be we know not. Our people are all in arms to defend themselves. Our premises are under nightly watch in case of an attack. The measles also have come among us carrying off many, especially the heathen." One of our most devoted and valuable missionaries, the Rev. John Barff, fell asleep in Jesus in the early part of the last year. From a letter written by his sorrowing father we learn that his end was peace. He was born in Raitea in 1819, ordained in 1847, and died in 1860. We must not conclude without noticing the efforts of the Pitt- street Congregational Juvenile Missionary Society. It has now been in existence two years. Its object is to support and educate heathen children in Mare and other islands. Since its formation about £100 have been collected. Of this sum, £50 have been spent in purchasing type to complete the printing press at Mr. Creagh's station. Other £50 have been devoted to the support of children on the stations of Messrs. Creigh and Jones. Arrangements are being made for the purchase of a mission boat for the same island. Other juvenile missionary societies have been formed in connection with our suburban churches. In closing the document we desire to remind you that the missionary year just concluded has been distinguished in every section of the Protestant Evangelical Church by special and united prayer for the outpouring of the Holy Spirit upon the labours of all ministers and missionaries throughout the world. Prayer is essential to the vitality and strength of our enterprise. Our missionary brethren, beyond every other proof of love we can render, value our prayers. "Brethren," is their reiterated and universal entreaty, "brethren pray for us." Let us, then, remember them not only when we meet in the church, but at our family alters, and when we are alone with God. Ye that are the Lord's remembrances, keep not silence, and give him no rest till He establish, and till He make Jerusalem a praise in the earth. The treasurer, Mr. Joseph Thompson, then read the financial statement, from which it appeared that the sums received during the year in subscriptions, donations, and church collections, together with and church collections, together with the Juvenile Foreign Missionary Society, and a balance of £58 3s. 4d. from the previous year, amounted to £558 16s. 10d. Remitted to the parent society £507, various expenses £42 18s. 7d ; total £549 18s. 7d. Balance in hand £8 18s. 3d. The Chairman announced, in hopes that it might incite others to do likewise, that he had received a letter from Mr. Edward Hunt enclosing a cheque for £5. (Cheers.) He had also received £10, the amount collected by Mrs. Sutton during the year. (Renewed cheering.) The Rev. W. G. Lawes, going as a missionary to Samoa, or Savage Island, rose and said, the duty that devolved upon him was a simple and easy one. It was to move, "That the report now read be adopted, and, together with the treasurer's account, be printed and circulated , and that the following gentlemen be the office bearers and com- mittee for the ensuing year :—Treasurer, Mr. Joseph Thompson, joint secretaries, Rev. A. Buzacott and Mr. N. H. Eagar. Committee all ministers of contributing congregations, and Messrs. J. Fairfax, A. Foss, R. Gar- rett, A. Garran, T. Holt, D. Jones, G. A. Lloyd, Dr. Moon, J. Mullens, J. Morris, S. Thompson, and Rev. J. West. " If he thought that this resolution needed any arguments to be adduced in support of it, he should have shrunk from the duty of moving it; but he rejoiced that the day had gone by when it was necessary to adduce argument for the necessity of sympathy and support of Christians in the spread of the Gospel. It was not necessary to adduce one word in support of the resolution. Those who had listened to the rending of the report could have but one opinion of it. He had listened to it with intense joy, and thought it was as worthy as any report ever was of being printed, circulated, and read by all the people in the colony (Hear, hear.) From its com- position it was worthy of being read (Hear, hear.) As it was being read, several ideas suggested themselves to his mind. He thought it evinced great progress, great necces- ity, and much encouragement. In the first place, it showed much progress. Their fathers there in the work could tell them of the years of hard work, privations, and suffering that had to be endured before they saw any fruit of their labours. Vices had to be denounced, ignorance dispelled, and superstition combatted. They went forth with very different prospects to those which cheered him- self and fellow-missionaries, who were about to commence their labours in the mission field. They went forth not wafted on their way by the prayers of Christian friends, as those now leaving were. There was a different spirit manifested towards missionary efforts when those who were now retiring went forth to that which actuated Christians now. It was announced that the foreign work would annihilate the work at home. Frowns then rested upon the missionary, where now he met with encour- agement. As regarded the colonies, Melbourne was not at that time in existence, and New South Wales was as a young child. How very different now. The Christian Church had been aroused to the duty of spreading the Gospel where- ever men were found, No longer could it be said that the efforts to give the Gospel to the heathen retarded the efforts at home. Now they went forth under circumstances of brightness and joy, having with them the sympathy of the whole Christian world, cheered by the good wishes of the good and supported by their prayers. The Treasurer's ac- count also evinced equal progress which was indicative of the feeling that prevailed. If they could be permitted to attend the annual meeting of the Society in Exeter Hall, which would take place in the course of the present month, they would hear from the amounts subscribed of the joyful progress that had been made. But it was not the throwing of the gold and silver into the treasury of the church that showed the progress made, but the number of converts that had been added to the church that was indicative of progress. If the gold and silver only were given they would not hear of the conversions now going on, but it was through the prayers of the Christian world that the work was progressing (Hear, hear, and cheers.) A nicely adjusted missionary machinery was not sufficient to warrant anticipations of cheering re- sults, but the earnest soul that bore its burden to the throne of God, and to that they had been indebted for success in the mission stations that had been formed. When they heard the tidings of the blessed work going, on in the differ- ent distant lands their hearts thrilled with joy, and they felt that a great progress had been made. Take but one example—the Navigators Group of Islands. But thirty years ago, when the first missionary landed, the islanders were physically, mentally, and morally depraved. Now, they were raised from the degraded position of savages, had assumed the habits and practices of Christians, and last year they sent oil to the value of £930 to the parent society for the spread of the Gospel in other lands, in addition to subscribing the sum of £500 for the support of their own native teachers, making a total of £1500 (Cheers. ) From this group also had gone forth one hundred native teachers to preach the Gospel in other islands , and that was the work of thirty years. Now they occupied a social and commercial position alike honourable to themselves, and creditable to the missionaries who had laboured among them. They had been raised from the lowest depths of degradation to be joint heirs with Christ. (Applause.) Were he to speak on that theme for days it would be unexhausted, but let them not be led into a delu- sion, and forget what they had to do. The report should fill their hearts with gratitude, but, at the same time, with humility, at the thought that so little had been done. God granted his blessing in proportion to the means employed, and it behoved them to increase and multiply their means. As their minds dwelt with delight upon those bright spots in the world once devoted to heathenism, they should remember that there was a large field yet to win. He might ask when alluding to the Islands converted from heathen- ism. "What are they among so many?" Many of the heathen in different parts of the world were standing with outstretched arms to the Church, and saying, "come over and help us. " Teeming millions were still held down by Satan at his will. Let them not turn a deaf ear to that piercing cry. It was only the pioneering work that had been done—the garrison and citadel had yet to be overthrown. But they had sufficient encouragement to go forward. India had been opened, and the teeming sons of Africa were waiting for the Gospel. The missionary had only to go forth in the strength of the Lord, and before that wondrous power the systems of error would flee away. The mountains and the strongholds had only to be won by the servants of Christ. They wanted more of the spirit of true prayer infused into the Church. The voice of prayer had been heard by God ; the blessings which had revived the Church in Jamaica had been in answer to earnest prayer, and similar blessings would be showered upon the whole of Christ's Church, were those who composed it equally faithful. It was not necessary for him to say more for the former part of the resolution; and as for the gentlemen who were prepared for office-bearers, the meeting knew best whether they were qualified for the trust. He could say that if they discharged the duties of the different offices in which it was proposed to place them as efficiently as they had received the mis- sionaries kindly, they would do their work well. (Pro- longed cheering.) The CHAIRMAN remarked that in the report mention had been made of the Rev. John Barff. He now begged to introduce to them Mr. Barff's successor. The Rev. J. L. GREEN said the duty, as such, that devolved upon him was very simple, and could be easily performed, as he had only to give his voice in seconding the resolution which had been proposed, and he did so with much pleasure. In the first part of the resolution it recommended itself to them, and asked them to request a publication for spreading far and wide through New South Wales and the neighbouring colonies the report of the proceedings of the society ; and for the latter part it was a matter of knowledge in part and faith in part. So far his work was done. There were some things in the report peculiarly encouraging to him who had to be engaged in the important work referred to. Their attention was directed to the work performed by native agents that had been employed in the missionary work. The more he knew of missions the more deeply was he impressed with the conviction that the means for employ- ing native agents must be attended to—attended to by the missionaries in the field, and by the Christian Church at home. Their Society had 123 native agents employed in the South Pacific, and two of these, at least, had been so employed for something like forty-six years. They had laboured long and well, and surely it was almost time that they should retire from their labours. One of these, in a letter recently written, turning to the delightful field in which he had been engaged, said :—"I would turn from my native land, in the midst of my people, to spend the last of my days there. " In illustration of tho import- ant part played by native teachers in missionary enterprise, he would turn to three groups of fifteen islands, in which there were but three European missionaries. The natives of those Islands had, it might be assumed, the Gospel preached to them, and been to some extent instructed in the religion which honours and exalts a nation; but they were exposed to evil influences. They needed to be watched over and cared for by those devoted to the work, and who so well fitted to do it as those raised up among themselves ? In the Austral group, the missionary work had been in the hands of the native agents alone, and the testimony of the missionaries of the neighbouring islands went to show that these native agents "adorned the doctrines of the Gospel of Christ," and brought down honour upon the religion of Jesus. That spoke powerfully for native agency in the South Seas. The argument might be further enforced by repeating that mentioned in the report, that other fields had been opened up besides those in the South Seas, where native agents might be employed. Their attention had also been directed to the extensive field of China, and the teeming millions of India. Africa too, was opened up for the missionary, and we need burning zealous men to go forth to raise those savages from the low level into which they had sunk. Then let them look at the matter in a financial view. He would mention, as briefly as possible, the income of the Parent Society at home, to show what might be done if the whole, amount received were devoted to the employment of native agents. The aggregate income of the religious and benevo- lent institutions in England, amounted to £1,802,952. If the whole of that, deducting ordinary expenses, were devoted to the support of European missionaries, it would support 3550 in different parts of the world. Allowing for the number of missionaries now in China, India, Africa, and the South Seas, that number would be but one-sixth of the number now in England alone. If it were devoted to the support of native agents, no less than 14, 820, or about three-fifths of the number of missionaries now employed in England, could be supported. Confining his calculation to the South Seas, with a population of probably 50,000 they had sixty European missionaries and 1900 native teachers employed. They might assume that not less a sum than £22,400 was devoted by the different missionary societies to the support of that mission. The sum of £635,393 was appropriated to foreign and colonial missions. A great work, therefore, had been done. The amount appropriated to tho support of the native teachers in the South Seas was comparatively small. Mr. Turner in his book on Polynesia, recently published, gave £14 or £15 per year as the average cost of a native teacher, while a European would require very much more. There were other arguments that could be adduced in support of a native agency. What would have been done in the South Sea without the native agents to prepare the way for the European missionary, and tell their benighted fellow islanders of the dawn of that light that was about to beam upon them ? Their father in the great work, the Rev. Mr. Buzacott, and the other fathers present, could tell them of the work that these men had performed in that island so ominously named Savage Island. Most of the savages had been raised to a knowledge of the blessings of civilisation, the heathen practices and fearful atrocities had been abandoned, and that island, with 4000 souls, was now calling "come over and help us. " Then, again he might be permitted to refer to the Georgian, Society, and Austral groups. In those groups, in the early days of the South Sea mission, might be found some seventeen Euro- pean missionaries. Those men did a great work, inasmuch as they not only preached the Gospel to the people, but, having instructed them in religious doctrines, carried the Gospel to other islands, leaving native teachers to take their places. And whatever blessings were now enjoyed by the islanders of the South Pacific they owe it to those men. In the place of those seventeen European missionaries there were now but three, the remaining work being entrusted to native agents. There was now a loud call for the extensive work of training a native ministry. He believed this subject worthy of the deepest attention and consideration, especially in anticipation of the future of the South Seas and other fields of missionary labour. It was his deep conviction that if the end of missionary labour was to be answered at all, it must be by the training of native agents. In China and India, as well as in the South Seas, they had been employed with advantage, and were found to be better qualified to introduce among their idolatrous countrymen the great and glorious Bible, which had been, and still was, the light of life to man, than Europeans. For himself, he hoped to obey the great in- junction of their Lord and Master, to spend and be spent in the great and glorious work. May the day hasten when the Lord shall reign from sea to sea. ( Applause. ) The resolution was then past and carried unanimously. The Rev. S. C. KEANT said that there were two reasons why he should not be called upon to make a speech this evening; one was, that he had already addressed them in the report he had read, and the other, that there are upon the platform a number of missionaries on their way to their stations whom the meeting would be desirous to hear, and who should have the opportunity allowed them. When, however, he read the resolution handed to him by the chair- man, the meeting would perceive the existence of a very strong reason why he ought to address them. The resolu- tion is as follows :— That this meeting assures the Revs. Messrs. Bird, Morris, Green, and James, now journeying to various stations in the isles of the South Seas, of its interest and sympathy in the great work which the Holy Spirit has called them to undertake, and, while recognising and honouring the Christian zeal which impels them and their excellent wives to encounter difficulties and trials of no ordinary character, would earnestly beseech for them the fulfilment of the Saviour's promise to the first preachers of His gospel, 'Lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world.' It was with very great pleasure that he rose to propose such a resolution as this. On several occasions during the past week, he had listened with delight to addresses from the missionaries to whom the resolution referred, and was convinced that they are called of the Holy Ghost to the work in which they had engaged; and to see such men giving themselves to the work of God and of missions is to him a source of sincere thankfulness, of heartfelt joy. He rejoiced to see such men abandoning their family and college connections, and their fair prospects of honourable usefulness in their Fatherland, to encounter the toils and dangers of the mis- sionary enterprise, seeking to accomplish the work of Christ in relation to the heathen, that He may "see of trevail of His soul, and be satisfied." He believed that it is not the least of our blessings as Protestants, that we do not be- leive in celibacy. In his opinion a bachelor is like one half of a pair of of a pair of scissors, of little or no service without the other—a man without a wife is but half a man ; and he therefore rejoiced that their friends are accompanied by their wives— excellent women, not less devoted than their husbands to the glorious work of making known the glo- rious Gospel of the blessed God. May God bless them ! and throughout eternity may hundreds of souls have to praise God for blessings which through their means have come upon them. The Rev. JOHN EGGLESTON (general secretary of the Australasian Wesleyan Missionary Society) said that it was with great pleasure that he rose to second the resolu- TION. One of the reasons adduced by the mover why he should not make a speech on this occasion is a good reason why he (Mr. Eggleston) should not occupy more than a very small portion of their time, and it would be altogether out of place in him, while so many intimately connected with the work of the London Missionary Society, and about to proceed to their stations, were to address the meeting. He felt that he was there somewhat in a representative cha- racter, as connected with a kindred institution. On behalf, therefore of the Wesleyan Missionary Society and the Wesleyan Church, he unhesitatingly expressed the deepest sympathy with these brethren about to proceed to the mission work as well as in their work it- self. They wished them "God speed ' ' and would always rejoice in hearing of their successes. He hoped, he believed, that it ever would be thus. His heart was warmed by the speeches he had heard, and witnessing the strength of Christian zeal with which these excellent men are impelled to the glorious undertaking before them ; and he hoped that when they shall be far away, toiling in their work, they would be had in remembrance at the throne of grace, not alone in the great congregation, but in their social meetings and at their family altars, by earnest, faith- ful, persevering prayer for the preservation of their lives and for the success of their enterprise. The Rev. A. BUZZACOTT said that he was sorry that the meeting was not favoured with the presence of the native brethren, for which he could hardly account, unless it be that he, taking it for granted that they would as a matter of course be here, had emitted to intimate that they would be expected, while perhaps they, on the other hand, had taken it for granted that it they were required they would have been invited ; which, in the hurry of other matters, he had omitted to do. He (Mr. Buzacott) looked with delight on the young brethren just entering upon the stage from which he and others upon the platform had been compelled to retire. They would not have retired, if they could have continued to labour. They do not repine, however, but are thankful that God had spared them to labour so long, and that they had not laboured altogether in vain. It may, however, encourage their young friends to see his brethren, Darling and Pitman, and himself—neither of them under sixty, and, after all, not so badly off—to have before them living proofs that neither the work nor the place is so bad as might be imagined. He could not help contrasting the circumstances under which, from thirty-five or forty years ago, he and his companions voyaged to their stations, with those under which in these days the missionaries proceed to the islands. They had very little of public sympathy in those days, nor so much comfort and safety in travelling. They had no " John Williams" in those days. He came out in a filthy, wretched, old whaler, the captain of which was barely human, and was seldom pleased but when he saw or thought that he had made some one uncomfortable. Six weeks they were off the Cape, during which period they had nothing to drink—whether by accident or design he was not prepared to say—but water from an oily cask, of which they never tasted until they were nearly choked. On only two occasions did he manifest anything like sympathy or kindness. The first was when he overheard one of the missionaries' wives exclaim " O, for a drink of water such as is supplied to my father's horses ' " when he caused a better sample of water to be supplied for the remainder of the voyage. The other occasion was when something like a mutiny arose among his crew, when he hoped that, at all events, the mis- sionaries would stand by him ! Now, how different! they are conveyed to their destination in the John Williams, a vessel of their own, like a little heaven below. She is sometimes a little lively, to be sure, but then to be among our own brethren, and to enjoy the benefits of mutual prayer and Christian communion, is no trifling con- sideration. All success, therefore, to the John Williams. He could not sit down without expressing the delight with which he saw so many young brethren going out to the work, and he earnestly prayed that their success may be equal to their wishes. The resolution was then put from the chair, and unanimously carried. The Rev GEORGE MORRIS, on his way to Raiatea, moved the third resolution, "That the vast preparations for aggressive operations now making by the nations should shame those who are on the Lord's side into more vigorous and persistent attacks upon the kingdom of Satan; and that it behoves the Churches, by prayerful words, to Heaven, and earnest works on earth, more faithfully to dis- charge their duty in this great warfare." The reverend gentleman, after acknowledging the cordial and encouraging expressions of love and sympathy by the speakers to the last resolution, said he was sorry that he should have to move such a resolution as this. If there were cause for shame, he hoped that he would, not be blamed for having to bring it before the meeting. If there have been failures in the past, it only remained for them to look about and see how they may improve in the future. He should speak of bases upon which he considered all missionary operations must rest. The first he took it, is a clear perception of the doctrines of the Holy Bible, in reference to which there must not be either doubtfulness or wavering. Of these, the first that stares them in the face is the fact that man was created in the image of God, but is now fallen, sinful and degraded, in a condition of immi- nent peril and great danger. But in opposition to this we have the doctrine standing out in bold relief, "Therefore, being justified by faith, we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ, by whom also we have access by faith into this grace wherein we stand, and rejoice in hope of the glory of God. These are the two grand doctrines of the Bible and must be faithfully proclaimed from the pulpit of Christ booming throughout the nations of earth, that all mankind may hear them, for in them is contained the eternal life of all mankind. Are not these doctrines the foundations of our common Christianity, and of our own spiritual life? Only as we receive them into our hearts, and as they exercise an influence upon our lives and con- duct may we indulge a hope for good things to come, and be enabled to say, "God be merciful unto us and bless us, and cause His face to shine upon us; that thy way may be known upon earth, thy saving health among all nations. Let the people praise thee, 0 God, let all the people praise thee. O let the nations be glad, and sing for joy, for those shalt judge the people righteously, and govern the nations upon earth. Let the people praise thee, O God, let all the people praise thee." Another basis is that of Christian example,—that Christians in their daily lives and conduct should be exponents of the religion of Jesus Christ, and of a more exalted standard of Christian morality, remembering the injunction of the apostle, " I beseech you, therefore, brethren, by the mercies of God, that ye present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto God, which is your reasonable service." We need, as much as the Romans did, that these doctrines be pressed upon our minds, and hearts, and consciences, and it is as im- perative upon us that we exemplify them in our lives and conduct. This also we must teach to the heathen—are bound to do, if we teach them the doctrines of Gods holy word—but how can we expect them to listen to us, unless they see in us evident tokens of this entire consecration of ourselves ? or how point to Christ as their great exemplar, unless we also walk in His steps—who gave not only his teachings, prayers, and tears, but also his own self. It is sheer nonsense now to talk of the heathen as ignorant savages, and to suppose that they do not notice, or are not able to see through the motives of action. It may have done in olden times to say that they had neither energy nor intellect, but not now, for it is a well known fact that among the heathen are many men of courage, power, and intellect, who do not suffer by comparison with white men. They see and remark upon the difference between the teach- ings of the Christian missionaries and the practices of pro- fessedly Christian people. Look at India, where mission- aries have gone with the Bible in their hands, while white men have laboured hard to prevent the circulation of the Bible, on the excuse that the empire would be subverted, and the Queens throne overturned. These are the ex- cuses or rather the base lies—brought forward to interrupt the circulation of the Bible. England has sent out the sword to countries where the English missionaries have taken the Book which declares that God made of one blood all nations of men to dwell upon the face of the earth, and teaches man to do unto others as he would they should do unto him. The heathen see that theso are incompatible. Then, again, in the South Seas, missionaries have taught the heathen that they should live righteously, honestly, chastely and soberly, while the practices of the white men, who, in pursuit of gain have visited or resided among them, have been diametrically opposed to those teachings, and have, to a great extent, weakened his influence, and pulled down his work. These things must not be. How can we expect the Rose of Sharon to diffuse its fragrance, surrounded by so many life destroying vapours, so many thorns of wickedness. In reference to these things then, we may say that a thorough purification is needed and it must be had. The question then presents itself when and where shall it begin? It must begin at home—it should begin now. Now is the time to apply a remedy, and to re- solve that the iniquity of the past shall not be repeated. Are we ourselves reflections of Him who is pure and holy? Have we consecrated ourselves, body, soul, and spirit to God? If not, let us now see to it at once. Then let us endeavour to use influence on behalf of the society whose interests have brought us together to night—a society glorious in its origin, its object, and its results, producing "glory to God in the highest, on earth peace, goodwill toward men." You, young men, I plead for your influence in furtherance of this glorious cause. Do you say you have no influence ? I would answer it in the words of the poet :— Tell me not in mournful numbers, Life is but an empty dream ! For the soul is dead that slumbers. And things are not what they seem. Life is real! Life is earnest ! And the grave is not its goal, Dust thou art, to dust returnest," Was not spoken of the soul. Not enjoyment, and not sorrow, Is our destined end of way, But to act that each to-morrow Finds us further than to day. Art is long, and time is fleeting, And our hearts, though stout and brave, Still like muffled drums are beating Funeral marches to the grave. In the world's broad field of battle In the bivouac of life, Be not like dumb driven cattle! Be a hero in the strife ! Let us then be up and doing. You have influence, and the responsibility of using it can- not be shelved, transferred, or concealed. It must be exerted by yourselves, and it should make you feel that it is indeed a solemn thing to live. Be determined to exert your influence, and all the powers of your nature, in the work which God has given you to do, and work while it is called to day. The best place to begin is at home, in your own social circles. Let your light shine there-let the reality of your Christian professions be seen and felt and acknowledged there. Then contemplate some enterprise of good abroad, and many objects will present themselves, but especially let it be felt in the promotion of the objects of this society, the conversion of of souls. You may not become distinguished as Carey, Williams, or others of the galaxy of holy men who conse- crated themselves to this work, but all may labour together in the same work, treading in their footsteps and be made the means of extending the kingdom of God and of pro- moting his glory in the earth. Let us now be up and doing. Let us blow the Gospel trumpet until the earth shall be filled with its music Let us fight the battle of the Lord against the common enemy until the shout arise, " Victory, victory to the Lord of Hosts!" The Rev. P. G. BIRD on rising, said he was in a great strait at that late hour of the meeting, and could not see clearly where the path of duty lay ; but it seemed to him that, as they had had six speeches they must have the complete number (Laughter.) He could not give more than the mountain tops of his speech, but he hoped they would give him ten or fifteen minutes (Hear, hear, and cheers.) The resolution was pregnant with momentous truths—truths that appalled, and might make one quiver. Why was it, he would ask, that so many churches in the colony, and throughout the world, needed a revival ? Why were they crying out for the reviving of the Spirit of God ? Why, they acknowledged their sin, and were in a state superinduced. The blight so long resting on the Church of God was a judicial blight. With all solemnity he trusted that those words would be brought home to their hearts. Why were Churches so barren of fruit ? Because they did not acknowledge the presence of God in the sanctuary. That was the reason their meetings were so profitless. Did they fulfil the command "go ye into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature. " The command and the promise went together, and to them it was said as direct as to the disciples on Olivet's top, " Lo, I am with you always, even to the end of the world. " If they wanted to obtain a great and glorious revival—if they wanted to become a great living church, they must awake to their duty. God had placed the means, to a great extent, in their own hands to bring down the blessing. He would now speak more particularly of the mission calling of Britain. It was singular enough that his speech was prepared on the subject of which the resolution treated, though that resolution was not placed in his hands till he arrived at the meeting, and there seemed to be a providence in that, and he hoped he should not do injustice to that providence if he occupied their time for a few minutes to say what he had to say on that great and solemn subject of Britain's mission calling. What he meant by Britain's mis- sion calling was that Britain's people were formed for God's blessing and to show forth God's praise. Britain had a special calling, for, while it was the duty of the whole Christian Church to spread the Gospel, Britain was placed in a position where she could do more than any other nation. Look back for a single century and notice God a dealing to their nation. In 1760, the third George ascended the throne, and at that time the attention of the whole nation was attracted to the discoveries in the South, Pacific. Captain Cook, who made three voyages round the world and made many discoveries, was the first to carry reliable intelligence of those discoveries to Britain. The particulars of his discoveries were published in a book and circulated in thousands. From this God led the London Missionary Society to the South Sea labour. He looked, upon it that Britain consequently, more than any other nation, had a message from God to her to give those islands the Gospel. Another reason, was the greatness of their empire. Look how rapidly she had sprung up. In 1760 they had Britain a small empire comparatively speaking, and smaller in 1773, when, in the providence of God, they lost the American cities. What was the population of the British Empire twenty years ago ? Excepting the American, cities, twenty millions, and at this day two hundred and twenty millions (Cheers.) Look how rapidly the empire, had grown. In 1760 Canada was annexed; in 1775 the infamous East India Company obtained Bengal, and from that point that unsound grasping company went on till the whole continent became theirs. Now, thank God, it was a colony of the British Crown. Their colonies, forty in all, became the possession of Britain afterwards. In twenty years the empire had grown from a small island to an empire containing five millions square miles of the habitable globe. In this he saw God s special providence (hear, hear.) She had a work reserved for her that no other nation, had. It was that her Church might be foremost in bring- ing the world to Christ. Britain had, at all events, a special missionary calling to her own colonies. They had been given not for the purpose that the commercial man and philosopher might reap a harvest from them, but that the British Church might give them the Gospel. Then look it Africa, and In- dia. These were fields for Britain's work, and where her energies might be expended if there were no other field in the world. Look it China also. It was so large that we could not grasp it, and it had special claims upon Britain. Britain had Britain had been in the hands of God, the means of open- ing that great country, and should not Britain hear the voice and arise to her great work ? Britain had nobly responded already, and though not much, it was the first fruit of the harvest of munificence that was to be reaped. He maintained that Britain was doing nobly, just let her go on. Look at the world, and they would see that she stood first. Out of the twenty- five societies in India, Britain had ten; of the twenty in Africa, eight were British, and of the eighteen in China, eight were British. In the South Sens there were four British Societies. If his hearers had been with him in 1859, in Exeter Hall, they would have seen a display of Chistian liberality which would have caused their hearts to leap with joy. The news had just come that China was opened for the gospel. He listened to addresses the like of which he never listened to before. One of the speakers was the Rev. Mr. Dale, the sucessor to that eminant man who had gone up to glory - the Rev. John Angel James, of Birmingham. (Prolonged cheering.) It would seem as if Mr. Dale was another Elisha, and that the mantle of Mr. James had fallen upon him. The next speaker was the Rev. Dr. Cumming, who announced that partly through the influence of the previous speaker's address two gentlemen in the meeting had offered to subscribe £300 each for ten years, towards sending seven missionaries to China (Loud cheers.) There was a dis- play of liberality. The Protestant Church, in 1859, sub- scribed altogether, about £600,000 to send the gospel to the heathen. But supposing each person of the twelve million in Britain gave a penny a week as an income tax, it would amount to £2,600,000 (Loud cheers). That was a matter which was one that should be mentioned with shame, but he would not dwell upon it. Let them look upon their gold and silver as a sacred trust, for which they must give an ac- count They were commanded, individually, to send the bread of life to the heathen. Let it be said of them in Sydney that their zeal had provoked very many. He trusted the day would soon dawn when they would all be subjects of God, and when the river of grace which maketh glad the people of God should flow freely in all parts of the world. One great result of the revival now going on in different portions of God's Church was an in- crease of liberality, and the second was a bringing forth of young men for the work of the ministry (Hear, hear). He heard a statement in Exeter Hall, from the Rev Dr. Pomeroy, that in America a great multitude of young men had risen up, with bright hopes and lives that indicated earnest hearts in the work of God; also that the work had reached the colleges, and was effecting great changes there. (Cheers ) That was what the Christian Church needed. He trusted that what they had heard that night would not be lost like water spilt upon the ground which could not be gathered up again. Let it be their glory to labour for Christ, and to excel in that glad and glorious enterprise to which God had specially called them. (The rev.gentleman retired amid much cheering. ) The resolution was then put and carried. The collection was then made, during which the Rev J. EGGLESTON requested permission of the chairman to say that Mr Buzacott's reference to the inconveniencies of his voyage from England to his mission station reminded him that Captain Martin, of the Liberator (who is a member of the Congregational Church), had secured the deepest affec- tion and esteem of the six missionaries and their wives, who were so fortunate as to be passengers in a vessel under his command, by his uniform kindness and attention to all that could conduce to their comfort, and for which the Society he represented considered themselves under an obligation. The CHAIRMAN said that there was yet another resolu- UTION upon the programme, but at that late hour he could not do otherwise than withdraw it. A doxelogy and the benediction closed the meeting. 