WIVATEVEn foundation or otherwise there many havo been for the rumoured clingo in the ministry of finance, the time has arrived when the retirement of tho present trenalcurer might be re'grded without any overpowering regrets. Throughout a host of blunders and omissions, we believo Mr. Weekes to be tho roughly honest, and entertain no suqpicions whatever in reference to those coniplicatioas of accounts which have been often publicly adverted to, save a ?usplicion, aimounting to conviction, of the minister's incompetency or indolence, or both. The" finncial statement" with which the country has just been t reted is perfectly ridiculous. It does not contain a shadow ot policy or statesmanship, and con sists entirely in letting things go on as they have been going, and trusting to the chnpter of nccidents to set all right at the end of the year. There is not ant old women who ever sold. butter ind candles at a hlckster's shop, but could manago tbo revenue and expendi ture of the country on theo nsame principles and with equally snaisfictory results. We look in vain, throughout the whole of the woery, dreary statement, for one single thought-the ghost of an iden. Wrv start-for suil is wanting therol The public nro told, at great length, what they had previously been told in the estimates, and a string of statistics, probably collected from the registrar-general's office, is glibly rattled off; but not one word of retrenclnment -not a syllable of reduction in taxation or any re.distribution of the present taxes. The gold duty is to be continued, at the sanie time that additional burdons amr imposed on the revenue. The conduct of the government in the Inttter of the gold duty has been most unworthy, filthless, and pusillanimous. There would have been no cause to complain if they had from the first taken up a bold and manly position in referonce to this impost, and justiied it, as others have d(one, on the ground that gold mining exhausted the natural wealth Sof the country. However some might have been prepared to meet such a position by argument, they must at least have acknowledged that it was an honest and a straightforward view to take of the question. But, after at one time clamouring against the duty, then consentilng to abolish it, for the same men now to take advantago of their own mismanagement, and justify the tax upon atll miners because the police have failed to pre serve order on the Burrangung gold.fields when the miners could do it without them, savours of meanness and more trickery. The simiple fact is, that £50,000 will not cover the extravagant and unnecessary increases shown by the estimates of 1802; and as the finance minister lacks either ability or industry to adjust his proposed expenditure to a proper revenue, lie considers it the easiest and least embarrassing course to lot things run on as they are going', until, in the fullness of time, the pleasing labour of spending the people's money is brought to a dead stop. When shall we hear the last of the separa tion of Queensland ? That event is dragged into every financial statement, and its impor tance is mangnified, while, for some unac countable reason, not the slightest effort has been made to procure payment of' the public debt duo to Norvew South Wales from that colony. A mass of figures is preserited to us as the railway returns, and what is the consequence? On the Great Southern Line (says Mr. Weeoks) in 1858, there were 344,752 passongers conveyed; and 26,388 tons of goods. The receipts were £50,119; the expenditure, £34,342; leaving not receipts, £15,777. In 1850 the number of pas songere on this line was 331,681; the goods £31,006 tonal the receipts £49,712; the expenses, £34,290; leaving the net receipts about the same as the year before, £15,427. At the beginning of 1860 the fares and rates on goods were reduced considera bly, so that though the number of passengers was 365,284, and the goods 35,213 tons, the not re ceipts were only £7339. In 1861 the goods' rates were again raised; btt durinlg the first six months the net receipts were only £2643. the number of passengers being 184.,020, nlid the goods 19,213 tolns. The expectation ot the governmient, that lowering the rates would so greatly increase the t tralli as to raise a larger revenue, was disappointcd. Surely the government could not have ox pectetl that the more. lowering or raising of the rates, without tattention to elicietncy and economy in managemeent, would of itself have :inoreased the revenu? e ? In the first place, the works that should by this time have con nected the Sydney rail with Goulburn, have proceeded at the pace of a snail, while the rate of official expenditure has been like the gallop of a race-horse. After every slight fall of rain, moroover, not only have the ordinary roads been placed in such a state that traffic between the interior and the Oxisting southern terminus has been ismpos sible, gut the railway line itself' has been repeatedly rendered impassable. When busi ness is conducted on a bad system, the more it is increased the greater must be the loss. So, also, it Ippears to have been with the telegraph lines. We quote from the trea surer's statement : The receipts in 1860, for telegraphic communica tlon, amounted to £12,133 28, Id., which fully realisud the expeetatiois that had been formed. The total sum expendted on 1846 miles up to 30th June, 1861, was £83,676. The cost of lines in operation to the same date is £50 593. IL 1858 there were 9141 messages sent, for which £1932 ls . 9I. was received; in 1859, there were 36,867 messages sent, for which £7827 eas received; in 1t60 there were 52,000 messages sent, for which £12,138 was re ceived. During the first months of 1861 there were 33,006 messages' sent, for £7234.. After deducting the working expenses, these receipts showed a re turn of 135 per cent. on the outlay for 1859, 7} per cent. for 1860, atd 6 per cent. for 1861, to 30th June. So that the only result of extending the lines, as far us experience goes, is that the profits decrease. The anticipations of land revenue tiare, .s usual, of a magnificent character, but the minister himself appears to have counsidored that his calculations are vague and visionary, nod to have made a joke on the subject. We again extract from his statement: £40,000 or £53,000, also-whichs is a large sum- is expected fromn the sale of land supposed to con tain coal. There are also the balances which are to be expected under the new land bill for the remlain ing three months of the year. (Laughter.) I can assuro honorable members that on the day follow. ing that on which the Governor gave his assent to the new land bills, before I could geot to the trea nury in the morning, there were parties there want. Cummings: They did not understand it.) Several parties were there. (Lauthlter.) At all events I found them there, and I took their money, although I was not quite clear about what partieulur shape it should Lo received in. (Ilenewed laughter.) 1 gave a receipt for it, and put it into the suspentse fund. (Laughter.) Now, considering that free selection is not to come into operation until the your 1]8(i, ouch cnlculations as thesowear the aitr of something too absul( for nmoel errors, tind lit the scaeo timeo too et ionts to be laughed att. Thle gov'ertunent, through all these tl?tys of its deendence, has never 'exhibited ilmore weak ness and incomlpetency thann on this occasion. It is to be expected t?hat so flip pnot and hollow a " financial statement" will meet with theto reproof it merits, on the resumpjtion of the delbte this evenitng. 