COLONIAL PARLIAMENT. NEW SOUTH WALES. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. fuiiiAV, Arline. 12. THE PRESIDENT took his seat at twenty-eight minutes past four o'clock. PILOT SERVICE. Mr. TOWNS, in pursuance of notice, asked the Attorney-General-" When the papers in reference to the revenue and expenditure on account of the pilot and harbour services, ordered by this House on the 21st ultimo, will be laid upon the table ?" The ATTORNEY-GENERAL replied, that so far as the Colonial Secretary's Office was concerned the return was ready, but further delay had been asked for by the Customs and Storekeeper's department. The papers would, however, be prepared on an early day. CATTLE IMPORTATION ACT. The SECRETARY FOR LANDS said he had yesterday given all the notice in his power of the mode he intended to pursue in this matter he regretted that he had not an opportunity of giving earlier and more complete notice, as no one felt more than himself how undesirable it was to disturb the Orders of the House. However, the disease was spreading so rapidly in Victoria that cattle were being carried off in large numbers and seeing how largely this colony depended on pastoral pursuits, he thought the colony should lose no time. He moved the suspension of the standing orders for the purpose of passing the bill through all its stages. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL seconded. Carried unanimously. CHURCH AND SCHOOL LANDS. A bill was brought up by message from the Assembly, declaring the Church and School Lands of the colony waste lands. Mr. B. RUSSELL moved the first reading. Mr. HILL seconded. Mr. DEAS THOMSON said he should oppose the bill as one of repudiation. The CHAIRMAN OF COMMITTEES thought the best way was to get rid of it at once, and that the House should be no party to it. He moved as an amendment that the bill be read a second time this day six months. Mr. TOWNS seconded. Mr. JOHNSON, although he had as yet heard nothing whatever which would dispose him in favour of the bill, it was a debateable question, and he thought the House ought to hear the arguments which might be adduced in favour of it. Mr. DOCKER agreed to a certain extent with the mover of the amendment, but still wished to hear the arguments of the hon. member who took up the bill. It was not often that he could agree with the hon. member at the head of the Government, but he did cordially agree with what that hon. member had said in another place that this would be an act of open and undisguised spoliation. However he preferred that the arguments should be heard on a second reading. The CHAIRMAN OF COMMITTEES withdrew his amendment. The PRESIDENT reminded the House that a considerable time since the House agreed to an address for all documents, legal opinions connected with the Church and School Lands, which had not yet been complied with. Mr. B. RUSSELL moved that the bill be read a second time on Wednesday next. The CHAIRMAN OF COMMITTEES seconded the motion merely for the purpose of rising to say that of all bills, he thought this bill should have been got rid of by refusing to read it. Mr. DEAS THOMSON said it was absurd to name a day for the second reading until hon. members had in their hands papers he had long since moved for which papers the Attorney- General had said there would be no objection to produce, but which had not yet been laid upon the table. Hon. members must also have time to make themselves acquainted with these papers, or they could not possibly proceed with the measure. The SECRETARY FOR LANDS said that if the question of going into the second reading depended on the production of the papers necessary for the debate of the question there would be no difficulty, no necessity for any great delay , but it would be altogether impossible to comply with the order of the House for " all the papers If the hon member meant merely all the " legal really important papers, they would be on the table on Tuesday However, papers or no papers, he did not believe that there was a ghost of a chance of this bill passing, and he boy c it would not, as he thought there could not possibly be a more unsuitable time for dealing with these Church and School Lands than during this sesSion, when it was attempted to settle the general land police of the country To wind up these lands in the question was only to add another element of discord and difficulty If he were in the Government next session the Government would very probably introduce a measure for dealing with these lands, but at present he should have preferred that the matter had been altogether dropped Mr B RUSSELL asked leave to withdraw his motion, I cave having been granted, Mr RUSSELL then moved that the second reading be fixed for W Wednesday next , this motion was not seconded, and therefore the bill fell to the ground IMPORTATION OF CATTLE The order of the day standing before the Act to regulate the importation of cattle having been postponed to a later hour, The SECRETARY FOR LANDS said that in mov- ing the second reading of this bill he should not detain the House at any length Vere the object of passing the bill not so great he might be disposed to move some instalments These, however, would only be trivial, and is the great benefit of such a measure as this arose from a passing it speedily he hoped the House would pass over trifling defects which they might otherwise like to correct He pointed out that although it was true that larger holds were not driven from A Victoria into New South "W ales ss from New South Yv pigs into Victoria, yet large numbers of teams of bidlocks-vvoikuig oxen-passed into the colony of New South Wales with goods, and these might bring the disease The disease which now prevailed in Victoria was most vital and none could doubt the desirability of preventing stock coming over from A ii tone while the disease prevailed The motion having been seconded, Dr DOUGLASS desired to give his support to the bill so far as necessary, but there were some of the clauses, such as that preventing "hay, straw, or fodder being brought, as being contagious, which he thought too ridiculous to pass Mr B RUSSELL supported the bill as it stood, confident that the disease might be spread by means of hay, fodder, and other articles and as a mere matter of precaution, the House ought to pass the bill so as to prevent the introduction of this disease Mr DEAS THOMSON did not intend to oppose the bill but thought some observations necessary The Government, from information, thought such a measure necessary He was willing to take it that it was necessary, but, at the same time, he must point out that the bill was a most dangerous one. There was the power of turning parties, us the Government would have power of destroying cattle coming from districts supposed to be affected "While they put so vast a power for good in the hands of Government, he hoped that that power would not be exercised for evil He should hope also that some provision would be made for compensation to parties whose cattle might be destroyed Evil might also arise to the squatter should the Victorian Government think fit to pass a retaliating measure. He hoped a wise discretion would be exercised by the Government. He should not oppose the bill, but consent to its passing, leaving the canning it out entirely to the responsibility of the Executive. Mr. WANT should support the bill, but hoped that if any case were made out in which the parties acted in ignorance, thereby rendering themselves liable to punishment under this bill, the Government would e prepared to remit the penalties. Mr. TOWNS hoped that the Government would be prepared with a compensation clause, or he should do so. Mr. DOCKER said that all sanitary measures entailed more or less of hardship. A state of circumstances had arisen in which it was necessary to draw a cordon sanitaire around the colony. There were objections apparent to him he should have been glad to see a compensation clause : not that he doubted that the Government would grant compensation if stock were destroyed, but because he objected to such compensation should be paid out of the general revenue ; while, in his opinion, it ought to be provided for by an assessment on stock. However, the great benefit this bill would confer was only to be secured by passing it speedily and therefore, he should not take any step which would render it necessary to send it back to the other House. The SECRETARY FOR LANDS agreed with the honorable member that the best mode of providing such compensation would be by an assessment, but it was not for them to delay such a measure, in order to perfect all the provisions which would be required. As to retaliatory measures he did not believe that the Victorian Government would so misunderstand the action of this Government as to consider it any other than perfectly right. And should the disease spread over Victoria, as it threatened, this bill might be a benefit to the colony of Victoria by enabling it to supply itself hereafter from the untainted stock of New South Wales. He hoped that his friend Mr. Towns would not introduce any new clause, as, if he did, considerable time would be lost, while no advantage would be gained, as the Government would be prepared to grant compensation whether from the consolidated revenue or from a fund raised by assessment. Mr. TOWNS was perfectly satisfied with such an assurance. The SECRETARY FOR LANDS said such being the case, he would not detain the House longer, but ! move that the President do leave the chair, and that the House resolve itself into Committee of the whole on the bill, t The House went into Committee and agreed to the , several clauses as sent up, and the bill was reported without amendments. The report of the Committee of the whole was adopted The SECRETARY FOR LANDS moved the adoption of the report. The report was adopted. The SECRETARY FOR LANDS moved that the bill be read a third time. Read a third time and passed, and ordered to be returned to the Assembly without amendments. COMMISSIONER AT NEWCASTLE. Mr. DOCKER brought up the report of the com i minee appointed to prepare reasons for disagreeing with the amendments of the Assembly in the Commissioner at Newcastle Appointment Bill, and moved that the report be adopted. The several reasons stated in the report were read by the President. The SECRETARY FOR LANDS thought that it was a most inconvenient course to adopt a report in this way. He thought it would be much better to have the reasons printed and considered. He did not take this step in any way with a view of opposition, but merely as appearing the most desirable. He believed that the chairman of the select committee, who had brought up the report, was not opposed to this course. Mr. DOCKER said it had been his intention to have moved that the report be printed, and a day fixed for its consideration, but he was informed by the Clerk of the House that the regular course was that which he had since followed. The PRESIDENT said that the hon. member had pursued the course pointed out by parliamentary practice, but it was quite open *> move an adjourn- ment of the debate. The SECRETARY FOR LANDS moved that the debate be adjourned until Tuesday next, and that the document be printed in the meantime. « After some conversational discussion, the matter, was postponed until Tuesday next. CROWN LANDS ALIENATION BILL. The SECRETARY FOR LANDS moved that the President do now leave the Chair, and the House go into committee for the consideration of the Crown Lands Alienation Bill. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL seconded the motion. ,. Mr. DOCKER regretted that it was not in his power to concur with the hon. Minister for Lands in the motion just made that the House do now go into committee upon this bill. It would be very evident why he disagreed with the hon. gentleman upon that point because the unexpected manner in which the debate terminated when the measure was last under discussion in the Council, left no other opportunity open to non. members of expressing their opinions upon it except that afforded by this motion. In rising to speak on this subject he felt some little personal difficulty. The very marked personal reference to him made by the hon. gentleman opposite in introducing this measure had raised he feared an expectation in the minds of some hon. members, and perhaps beyond this House through the press, that something extraordinary would be expected from him. He quite disclaimed any title to such consideration. He confessed he had no extraordinary knowledge on this subject ; he had only the knowledge and the experience which a residence of | twenty-six years in the colony, and a common sense observation, and study of the laws and regulations on the land question, and more especially of their effect upon his own individual interests, could confer on any man. Further than that, he had no claim to be heard, and if any observations of his fell with greater weight than they deserved, it would be owing to the intended false position in which the hon. gentleman opposite wished to place him. There was another difficulty in dealing with this measure, and that was the peculiar political position in which it had been placed. For the first time we had a measure, or rather one feature of a measure, for administering the public lands of the colony made an electioneering cry. It was not the general principles of the measure that had been submitted to the community at the late election, but it was the peculiar crotchet of the Minister for Lands, which was made an electioneering cry for the purpose, evidently, of sustaining the political position of the framers of this bill. The SECRETARY FOR LANDS rose to enquire whether it was Parliamentary to charge the framers of this bill with having taken any particular course for the purpose of maintaining their position in office. The hon. gentleman had no right to impute such motives. If hard words were used on one side, they were sure to be used on the other. Mr. ISAACS was astonished to hear it considered unparliamentary for an hon. member to intimate that, the Ministry were actuated in the preparation or promulgation of a particular measure, by" a desire to maintain their political position. What else were they- in office for"? The PRESIDENT said it was the proper practice for hon. members in debate not to impute any other motives to hon. members than these which they themselves allowed. Mr. DOCKER continued : He thought these in- terruptions totally uncalled for. He did not impute to the hon. member that he had framed this bill to ensure his own possession of office. What he said was, that the peculiar features of the bill had been seized upon and used as an electioneering cry, and that the circumstances under which the cry was rained, and the results arising from that city, were quite sufficient to warrant the opinion which he entertained of the objects with which the cry was raised. He did not say that the bill was framed to secure possession of office ; he said that an electioneering cry arising out of a feature of this bill was used as a means of securing the political position of the Ministry. And if the hon. gentleman opposite had not interrupted him-an interruption which was evidently intended to distract his attention The SECRETARY' FOR LANDS again rose to order. The hon. member was charging him with having risen merely for the purpose of abstracting his (Mr. Docker's) attention from his speech. He would not be guilty of such unworthy conduct. Mr. DOCKER continued : He would repeat that such interruptions, without they were raised upon a decided infraction of order, were calculated (he might say that at all events to disturb the train of thought of speaker, and to divert his mind from a line of argument. Returning to the point he was upon-he would say, that great difficulty in dealing with this question had arisen from the peculiar political position in which in which it was placed ; it had arisen from the introduction of this electioneering cry, and from the results that had attended that introduction. What had been the results as affecting this bill? We found that the provisions of this bill had been accepted by that branch of the legislature which had to deal with it, by those who were avowedly/lelegates from the various constituencies, and pledged to them to pass that particular measure, and many of them against their avowed personal convictions voted for the bill on the avowed ground that they did so merely to keep the present Ministry in office. The bill had, consequently, been accepted by that House, but it had not been discussed. He knew that he should be told in reply that the subject of the administration of the public lands had been under the consideration of the colony for five years. That circumstance he was prepared to grant, but the principles of this particular bill (if he could apply the term principle to that which was a thorough abnegation of all principle had never been debated at all. He trusted that this Council would not be influenced by the motives which had induced another body to accept the bill with a very slight deliberation. He trusted that the members of this House were convinced that higher duties were imposed upon them, that their duty was to subject every act of legislation submitted to them to a close and careful consideration, that they would view the bearing of every clause not only upon the general interests of the community, but also upon the private interests of individuals and as we knew that although in every act of legislation private interests must in some degree be affected, yet that private interest must bow to the public good ; he trusted that it would be the endeavour of the Council so to modify the clauses of this bill as that it should inflict the least unavoidable injury. We had been told by that portion of the press which was supposed most correctly to represent the opinions of the Ministry, that one of the highest duties devolving on this Council was to condense and simplify the loose verbiage of the hasty legislation of the Assembly, that being, it was assumed, our peculiar province. He trusted that the Council would see that they had higher duties than the leaders of the press had assigned to them that they would look upon the measure before them not as a means of driving from, or of preserving in office any Ministry, but in its bearings upon the community. This Council was not the arena for a political contest of that kind ; it was not here that attempts were made either to preserve in, or drive from, office any Ministry, whether that Ministry might be selected from the most talented and intellectual men in the country, or whether, as it was possible might be the cue, they consisted of mere political charlatans. The fate of ministries, whatever it might be, was not decided here. He confessed that he was rather disappointed with the speech of the hon. gentleman who introduced this' bill, having expected from him a clearer exposition of its bearings. This might fairly have been expected on the introduction of a bill of such great importance -a measure which one of the colleagues of the honorable gentleman admitted in very apt language to be an experiment, and an experiment the consequences of which could not be foreseen. He thought that in this enlightened age (as it was the custom to call it) we had got beyond experiments in legislation. He thought that the duty of statesmen was to watch the operation of measures already in existence, and if they were found to be faulty, to introduce others for the purpose of correcting their faults, but not to introduce experiments experi- ments, too, which set at utter defiance all previous experience on the subjects. It must be admitted by hon. members that the bill introduced by the hon. Minister for Lands was an experiment in legislation, inasmuch as it set totally aside every principle which had been previously recognised as expedient in the administration of Crown, lands. What had been the course hitherto pursued in the settlement of new countries, in order to induce colonisation, the first step taken had been to issue free grants, coupled with other in- dulgences, in favour of those who chose to avail themselves of them ; as the country became more settled and the grants more extended a number of people of capital arrived, and began to exert the influence which the possession of capital always conferred on the community; and as the country became more settled, this system of free grants was set aside, and the lands began to be disposed of by sale sale by auction. The administrators of those days thought, as he still thought, that the community was entitled to the highest value for their land, and that that value could only be ascertained by public competition. If the hon. gentleman had been content to exercise his legitimate office, and to correct the impediments which had arisen in the way of the disposal of the public lands, the work would have been worthy of high commendation ; but to sweep away at one blow the whole of the previous legislation, and the experience that had been gained from it, was a bold step, and one extremely dangerous to the interests of that community which had placed him in the high position he now occupied. This measure contained very great and important changes and, unfortunately, he thought he could trace in them very considerable mischiefs. They contained most evidently features of class legislation. No measure that was, ever submitted to the consideration of any legislature was so marked by class legislation as the bills now before the Council. And the reason why they contained these objectionable features was very evident. By the recent changes in the constituencies of the country, political power h. '. been wrested from the hands in which it had been hitherto vested, and placed in the hands of an entirely new class unfor- tunately, that class into which no wise or prudent statesman would confer extreme power. This change had taken place, and consequently no further reason existed for protecting the interests, or conciliating the support of the holders of property It was not even a necessary to extend to them that common protection to which they were entitled as members of the community. He' would proceed to show that this bill proposed some infractions upon the rights of property. On the other hand, it had been found necessary to seek the support of those whom such large ps were had been already conceded, and that policy had accordingly been carried out in the bill, even if these further concessions in favour of a class whom it was desired to propitiate were positively injurious to those whose interests were always identified with the prosperity and progress of the colony. The hon. member who had charge of this bill had been endeavouring, in fact, to solve this problem how to do what his political supporters wished should be done in regard of the land with the least injury to the present possessors of land. The solution of this problem by the hon. member had been anything but satisfactory, and the result of his attempt was simply a measure surrounded and nullified by restrictions-a jumble which suited the wants of no particular parties in the community-a something which he had endeavoured to describe when he had characterised it, on a previous occasion, as a gigantic political swindle. (Heir, and a laugh.) They might have supposed, looking into the clauses of the bill, that it had been actually framed by some modern tribune of the people, and have almost been led to imagine that they had before them, as the apologist for this Agrarian law, some modern Gracchus. (Hear, hear, hear.) And yet, that could scarcely be so either, for the tribunes of olden time were honest in purpose, and did not act as if their endeavour was to reduce the possessors of the land to the position of serfs. They, on the contrary, earnestly desired to secure to the people the right to enjoy the use of the land allotted to them, untrammelled by restrictions of any kind, and without their being subjected to the interference of the Executive. The Act was so surrounded with restrictions that it could not be looked upon as anything but what he had just described it. (The SECRETARY FOR LANDS : Hear, hear, hear.) He had looked carefully through this bill he should rather say these bills-and he must profess that he had been utterly unable to discover any com- pensating clause. But he had, nevertheless, found several clauses providing for several supposed advantages to several classes of persons, and could not but take notice that these were all subsequently negatived and nullified in after portions of the bill. (Hear ). He desired before he proceeded to discuss this measure in detail to clear away a fallacy which was but too commonly entertained in regard to investments inland-afallac entertained, he believed, by so are hon. members in that House as well as by people out of doors. The fallacy to which he alluded was this it seemed to be thought that the legislature was bound, as a matter of justice, to prevent the invest- ment of capital to any large extent in the soil. This he took to be a very great fallacy, as investment of capital could not possibly be injurious to that community in which it was laid out. If capital were invested in land, such an investment was made because there was a fair prospect of such an investment being an advantageous one to the capitalist ; without such a prospect the money would not be so invested. He was unable to imagine how any conceivable amount of cumul could ever be so invested to the prejudice of the community. It was clear that all such investments must be beneficial. The second fallacy to which he would invite attention, was the assumption that lands could not be made serviceable to the public unless they were brought under the plough. (The SECRETARY FOR LANDS : That is not in the Bill.) No, it was not; but arguments, entirely based upon that assumption, had been strongly advanced in favour of the bill, over and over again, if not by the members of the Government, at all events by their supporters. He should take these two fallacies together, and should view them in connection with the bill now before them, and in reference to that particular district in which the hon. member the Secretary for Lands resided. That district-the county of Brisbane lying towards the north of the colony was an eminently pastoral district, in which there was comparatively but little agriculture. In that county, up to the 31st December, 1852, 559,021 acres of land had been alienated for pastoral purposes alienated from the Crown, and held by the possession for purely pastoral purposes. Did the hon. member, the Minister for Lands, believe that the parties who took this land had taken it to keep others from obtaining it, or with any other view than as a fair investment of capital? 'Was it right or fair that those parties should be stigmatised as land-sharks and monopolists ? Surely not. Since that year (1852 when local land offices were first established all over the country for the sake of facilitating the sale of small allotments, the amount of land sold una 13,567 acres. Of those lands, in the year 1852, 1209 acres were in Crop; the number of acres sold that year being not more than fourteen. In the following year the number of acres alienated from the Crown amounted to 771 acres, but the number of acres placed under cultivation, instead of rising proportionably, fell off, from 1209 acres to 888 acres. In 1854 the number of acres of land under crop in that district was 924, the quantity of land sold for that year being 815 acres. In 1855 the land under crop was 1012 acres, the land sold for that year being 2439 acres. For the year 1856 he was not in possession of any return. In the year 1867 the quantity of land sold was 2014 acres, there being no return of the land under crop for that year. In 1858 the land sold was 1459 acres, 2548 acres being under crop. In 1859- the land sold was 6016 acres, of which not more than 2317 acres were returned as under crop. The quantity of land sold in this district since 1852 was 1857 acres. The produce of grain for last year for that county was 1258 bushels, the grain produced in the same district in 1852 being 838 bushels. Were these encouraging circumstances ? [Yes.] He thought not it was not a bushel an acre. [The SECRETARY FOR LANDS : " What about the hay crop?] He had no 1 ; statement as to the hay crop. [The SECRETARY J ' FOR LANDS : That is the most valuable produce j of the district.] Since 1852 the sale of the land in that district had also not caused a corresponding increase in the produce of horses and live stock. In 1852 the number of horses in that county was 242, and in 1859, 0249; showing an increase of 1826\. The number of horned cattle in 1852 was 14,460 head, the number in 1859, 29,359 ; showing an increase of 14,893 head. The number of sheep in 1852 was 175,732 in 1850; 169.0 show ing a decrease of 6721, In 1854. the number was 631, and in 1359 not more than 755-the increase being thus only 122 in a stock which it might be supposed would be likely to be kept by small settlers. Judging from these returns it did not appear the produce of the colony was always of necessity dependent upon the quantity of land sold to small settlers for agricultural purposes. And was this sufficient to warrant the extravagant hopes of the supporters of the bill, who desired to i cover the country with agricultural settlements ? ' Another popular fallacy was simply this, that free selection before survey was being secured to the people by the measure now under consideration. Why, the very term was a misnomer, there was no such thing. Free selection before survey had always existed, and did so now, for no man was or ever had been debarred from going over the country and selecting that portion of it that he required but it was upon conditions. He was allowed to select, but he was not allowed to take possession. And so in this bill, the person was merely given the right to occupy before survey, and nothing further. He was not put into possession of the land. Thus, this cry that had already dis- ' located every section of society in this colony, as had been well shown by his honorable friend who had last addressed the House on this question, was a mere nothing and yet it had been allowed to do this in a manner that was calculated to controvert in a most gigantic manner the great interests of the colony with which they had to deal and he would show them the gains they had obtained. _ Having now swept away some of the cobwebs which surrounded this popular fallacy, he would now turn to the bill itself. (A laugh from Mr. Robertson). He hoped the honorable Secretary would make the best of that which seemed to amuse him. so much. The bill now before the House contained, three principles or effects totally different from what before existed. There appeared to be a systematic principle pervading this bill to prevent the investment of capital in the occupation of the waste lands of the Crown ; together with a wish to induce the belief that the Governnent desired to divide these lands amongst the poorer classes of the community and then there was a con- ferring of an enormous political power on the Land Minister of the day. The more closely the bill was examined, the more cleanly were these pervading features shown, and the more dangerous, did they appear. He should proceed to deal with the last of them first, as that appeared to him to be the most noxious and first he would say that it was must inexpedient to vest such a power of dealing with the public lands of the colony, and such an influence over the rights and the property of so influential a portion of the community as were the pastoral tenants of the Crown, upon any officer liable to be removed from his position on political grounds. No doubt the hon. Secretary would tell him that many of these powers had been in existence since the Crown lands had been occupied as they now were; but? would answer this by answering a that the office in whose hands they were placed hod not been one removable on political grounds, the Ministries of those days not being dependent for the tenure of Har offices upon the votes of any one Chamber, of force to gain the popular voices of members whose votes were to retain or displace them from Junee. Sun flowers By these were too great to be plated in the lands of any man who was subject to be removed from his office on political grounds. He night be talented, he might be most unprejudiced, he might be devoid of all motive or induce ment to wrong doing upon taking office but yet such was the temptation plants on his way, that he could scarcely in the end resUteru doing. If he showed the existence of this power it would focus the whole subject, and place it clearly before the House. The second clause of the Iffi swept away all the Orders in Council, and brought the whole lands of the colony under the operation of the bill. [Mr. ROBERTSON : " No. Is so far Z the leases are concerned, the Orders are in force.") Yes. In so far as the leases at present granted were concerned; but then that did not prevent what might be done ; the Orders being swept away, the interests of individuals must be brought under the operation of this bill. Now, the 4th and 5th clause of the bill gave power to the Governor and Council to make reserves wherever they might think fit. and our der any pretext whatever and it was gave the power of rescission, and he would ask, was this no power to leave in the hands of a Minister for although given to the Government and Council, it was well known that they would act on the dictum of the Minister in charge of the department. The (8th clause exempts from sale certain lands, but still allows them to be withdrawn under the Orders in Council ; yet as these orders were abrogated by the 2nd clause, this power under the orders was of no effect, not being in force in respect to them. Claim 7 to 11 gave an enormous discretionary power to the Minister to sell lands on which improvements had been made. He did not object to this power, nor to its being vested in a public officer, but he did object to leaving it in the hands of a Minister who could be removed by the popular voice. The 16th clause gave a right of reserving. minerals, and a vast power in regard to the selection of frontages, which, perhaps, even the hon. Secretary opposite would admit to be a most important element in the selection of land. Then, again, clauses 17 and 18 conferred such enormous powers on the Minister as to reduce the conditional purchaser to a position of absolute serfdom. By the 18th clause, it appeared that the balance of the purchase money should be tendered to the Colonial Treasurer at the expiration of the term, and then that the purchaser should show that permanent improvements had been made, that there had been a bona-fide residence, and that other conditions had been fulfilled and then, upon the Minister being satisfied with such declaration-for it did not say that he was to receive it absolutely, but merely that he was to be satisfied with it-the conveyance was to be made out. If the purchaser was unable to pay, the money was to be allowed to remain over on payment of interest, and thus he became a compulsory mortgage of the land which he had taken up, and which he was not allowed to pay for at the time ; whilst the Government themselves, or the Minister for Lands, was in the position of s compulsory mortgagees Nor was there any mode of escape from this position, which was compulsory. The selector, however much he might be disposed to pay for the land on selecting it was not permitted to- tto so ; he must go on it, must live on it, must improve it, and then after all there was a discretionary power in the Minister to refuse him a conveyance. He must satisfy the Minister, must go through an examination of his political creed and leanings, before he could procure the order of the Minister, that order being, in fact, the stamp accrediting, the soundness of the purchaser's political views. If he should fail to give satisfaction to the Minister, or neglect to pay the balance, the land at once reverted to the Crown, the deposit was forfeited, and the unfortunate purchaser was consigned to utter ruin on the dictum of this mortgagee, on the mere fiat of the Minister, who have exercised a much larger power than was used by ordinary mortgagees, since his word alone, without going through any form of law, was sufficient for the purpose. Were such powers as these, he would ask, to be entrusted to the hands of every man liable to be removed from his office on political grounds The whole of the clauses providing for arbitration placed in the hands of the Minister for the time being large powers which were liable to abuse. In the vast majority of cases the Minister would be the sole arbitrator at all events, where the uneducated classes were affected, and they would form the majority, of free selectors, the Minister would appoint the umpire, and thus the power would virtually be in his hands. There were several clauses in the Occupation Act which gave the same dangerous power to the Minister of the day. He did not know that it wtfuld'bewell to detain the House now, by going at length into each of these clauses, but he would point to the 5th, 6th, 7th, 8th, 12th and 18th, as giving extreme powers to the Minister powers which, he maintained, were far too large and dangerous to entrust to a Minister removeable on political grounds, and who held his office only by the popular voice. When they came to discuss the clauses in committee, and when he pointed out the improvements he would make would be the better time to go more fully into the clauses them t serve. (The House having been out for refreshment] The hon. member said that, in resuming his observations he thought it necessary to make- another bill. he would resume at the point at which he left off. The House would recollect that he had stated the principles of the bill, if principles they could be called, were three in number. The first was ttiediscouragement of the investment of capital in the waste lands of the colony; the second, a pretence of distribution of the lands of the colony amongst the poorer classes of the colony, and the third, the entrusting enormous powers to the Minister for Lands for the time being, powers , which he thought he had satisfactorily shown to the House ought never to be entrusted to a political officer. He would now take up the first point, the ? restriction of the investment of capital in the waste lands either by purchase or by lease. It must be apparent to all. honorable- members who had read the clauses and-considesed them, that there was throughout a fixed and systematic discouragement to the investment of capital. His hon. friend>Mr. Thomson had clearly shown the injury which, would be inflicted on those engaged in pastoral pursuits ; but there was another class that had not been alluded to proprietors of land within the settled districts whose interests would also be seriously affected. The proprietors of land within those districts were not only debarred from any of the advantages sought to be conferred upon others by this bill, but by clause 20 they were absolutely prohibited, from purchasing even any small portion of land adjoining their estates, however desirous it might be that they should be enabled to do so. However great-the disadvantage they could not prevent such small portions of land passing to others. While, however, they were debarred from purchasing, the privilege of taking up these small portions of land was conferred on the servants or neighbours of such proprietors by clauses 19 and 20, any person holding less than 320 acres might make up his holding to that quantity, but a man who held more than 320 acres could not take up any additional land. The great disadvantage to proprietors of land might be imagined, when they recollected that throughout the settled districts there were at distances of every five or ten miles re- serves-on every property there were these reserves \- at distances of five or six miles from each other, these reserves had been made originally for. [ villages, and if they were to remain unalienated until . villages were established on them, there would be no harm ; but he believed that centuries must elapse before we should have villages at every five or six miles. The bill, however, gave power to the Minister to rescind every such reservation, and they would be open to free selectors. (No.) He said that, unless specially reserved in this bill, they would, be so open, to free selectors. They would be so, unless they were again proclaimed as reserves under this bill. (No, no.) The hon. member said no, and he hoped that he would be able to convince him otherwise ; but his view was that these present reserves were liable to be thrown open to free selection and if so, the servant or landless neighbour of a proprietor might go and settle down on one of these reserves, although the proprietor of the estate could- not acquire them. The hon. member had said if such a proprietor wanted land he could have it put up at auction, and purchase it but he could only purchase half a section, 320 acres, and the moment he put it up to auction some free selector would step in and take possession. Again, landed proprietors were not allowed to purchase, except on payment of four times the amount which the tree selector was called upon to pay. He (Mr. Docker) approved of the proposed deposit of 25 per cent., but he desired to call attention to the difference made between the free selector and the purchaser at auction. The latter paid his deposit, but if by any accident over which he had no control even-he did not pay up the remainder within three months, he would forfeit his deposit, and be- rendered incapable of bidding again at any future sale. Again, in the case of leases, 40a, was to be paid by rain proprietors, while 20s. only was demanded from, small, Another ' objection to the bill was, that while it pro'-- i leased to give advantages in one clause those advantages were taken away by subsequent clauses. Large proprietors of land in this colony were entitled, under the present law, to occupy three times the quantity of land they had purchased. He was himself entitled to hold some 30,000 acres in this way, but he had not succeeded in obtaining more than D',000 ; but by the operations of this bill such proprietors would be liable to be deprived of this when any one chose to go in and take up any 10 acres of such land. The effect of this bill would be to cancel the right which proprietors of land now had. So also the effect of the bill would be injurious beyond the boundaries of the colony, and that effect could only be to cut up the grazing interests. It was the object of this bill to destroy the large grazing properties, and to substitute for them a number of small holdings to introduce a totally different class of graziers to that by which pastoral occupations were at present being carried on.. I had been found by experience that the grazing pursuits could only be carried on with advantage and profit when held by large proprietors. There could be no doubt of that. The fact was patent to every marr who knew anything about pastoral pur- suits- It was found that the quality of the stock could only be improved by being owned by large holders, us none but these could go to the enormous expense involved in importing fresh blood. The reason why only large pastoral properties could he profitable was the high rate of labour and the enormous extent of ground required to carry on grazing properties. These properties had produced a vast amount of material wealth, and now the hon member was attempting to destroy these sources of wealth, and what did he offer in exchange ? Why the establishment of a class of small graziers who would not be able to keep up their stock at a payable standard, and who could only retain possession of their deteriorated stock by adopting the principle recommended by a high legal functionary-by treating these animals as fees: nature by the law of might. Any provisions for restricting the operation of capital must be utterly vain. Capital would always be able to overcome all such restrictions. Mammon was the god of this present world, and peculiarly the god of this age, and he would not allow his votaries to fail in _ any operations in which they embarked. The third object attempted in this bill was the division of the lands of the colony amongst the poorer classes of the inhabitants. (" near, hear," from the Secretary for Lands.) His hon, friend (Mr. Deas Thomson) had shown that the provisions now attempted to be introduced for the alienation of the public lands of the colony were unknown' in any British dependcncvlbefore. [The SECRETARY for LANDS: "No."] The hon. member (the Secretary for Lands) by his interruptions during his friend Mr.' Deas Thomson's speech, no doubt meant it to be inferred that provisions similar to his own were in existence in other countries, it was true that in one of the provinces of New Zealand there was a right of free selection previous to survey ; but what did the free selector pay Why £2 an acre, and he had to pay the money down, while in the other province where the necessity for survey existed there was a fixed price for the land, and the purchaser could obtain it at 10s. an acre. This was very different from offering a class of persons a bribe to go and disturb existing interests. The hon. gentleman seemed to delight in discovering instances in the United States of America where he thought he could find the adoption of principles similar to his own. But why, as a British Minister, did he not go to a British dependency? Why did he not take the neighbouring state of Canada ? He (Mr. Docker) found by regulations for the sole and management of the public lands, issued in Toronto on the 13th of January, 1859, that it was provided " That the lands in townships which have already been delineated on survey by the exterior. lines only, may be offered for sale on blot, on the following terms that the price shall be one dollar per acre, payable at the time of sale. There was this strongest provision laid down:-" That the purchaser shall cause the lands to be surveyed at his own expense ; " and that " such survey shall be made by a duly licensed provincial land surveyor," " who shall make his return, with field notes, in the usual method observed by surveyors, to be also approved of by the department." was there any such provision in the present bill ? There was also a very stringent provision requiring " that one-third of the quantity of land in the township shall be settled upon within two years from the time of sale, one-third more settled within five years following, and the residue within the further period of three years and that all land not so settled at the expiration of ten years from the time of sale to become forfeited and revert to the Crown, except such portions thereof as shall be found unfit for settlement, or such portions as are of inferior quality." (The SECRETARY FOR LANDS: We say pretty much the same thing,") These provisions were obviously not such as to enable the small selector to go on the land, and by picking out a small lot here and there, to destroy the property of the previous occupant. (Hear, hear, and loud laughter from the Secretary for Lands.) Here was a scheme which came very closely to the occupation of land before survey. The regulations ordered " that the system of recognising unauthorised occupation of land, commonly known as squatting,' be discontinued, subject to the following provision That public and general notice be given by the Crown lands Department that no claim to pre-emption by reason of such occupation will be entertained after the first day of September next, and that no claim to such pre-emption not now in a state to be admitted, can he made good by any act of the party hereafter, and that, therefore, his labour will be thrown away." Now, at the very time that Canada, after experiencing the evil effects of free selection before survey was about abolishing it, we were attempting to introduce it here. (The SECRETARY FOR LANDS: "No.") Hon. members must admit that under all other systems in force, the man who could not afford to pay for land become dependent upon the person who could. The hon. gentleman knew perfectly well that in the part of the country in which he was most interested, a large quantity of land was held under lease. The hon. gentleman himself had a great many tenants, (The SECRETARY FOR LANDS : No 2 I am the largest farmer myself.) Those tenants had no cause to complain. He (Mr. Docker had had tenants from whom he had never received a single shilling in the way of rent. Instead of receiving rent from them, he had always had to pay them ; the carriage of a single load of wool paid their rents. All that they derived from their lands was therefore a clear profit. It was no case of hardship for a man to be a tenant upon land, because that land happened to belong to a private individual. In these enlightened times, when men were free and independent, to be a tenant of a landed proprietor was looked on as to be placed in a degraded position, and extraordinary efforts were made to rescue them from such a state of bondage, And what was the alterative proposed? Why. to convert these men from being tree and independent tenants into bond slaves of the Ministry of the day, by making these compulsory mortgages of land under oppressive condition, and subject to the caprice of the Government in power. He looked upon these provisions as constituting the most iniquitous feature of the measure, and those which would have the most injurious effect upon the community, as they would make the honest Selector the abject slave of the Ministry of the day, or else convert him into a desperate relief. They would either induce him to cringe to every beck of the Ministry, or else to hand with others placed in the same unfortunate position, to resist the operation of these restrictions, and thereby to compel their abolition. Or it might' be, that the nee selector would use his political power to obtain the abolition of the restrictions, and the promise of the candidates to vote for such abolition would be made the condition of their election. The members returned to the popular branch of the Legislature would be pledged TO obtain the repeal of these obnoxious restrictions. That was not a position in which honest men ought to be placed. It should be the endeavour of that House to rescue these people from the false position in which they had been placed by this bill. The professed plea for this measure had been the supposed necessity of supporting the agricultural interests, a plea which had been industriously put forward, if not by the hon. member in charge of the bill at least by the supporters of that Government with which he was connected. That hon. member had said that he did not know what cultivation was, when called upon to define it, and he (M'. Docker) could easily believe that he might not know, bias-, much as he believed that his (the Secretary for Land's) whole idea of cultivation was reaping a crop which had sown itself. (Great laughter, in which the Secretary for Lands joined.) Residence was certainly not cultivation. What possible benefit, he would ask, could possibly be conferred either by or upon a man transferred from the back slums of Sydney to a locality in the interior, where he could not get' a living out of the land r Clearly none whatever. Such were some of the remarks he had to offer upon some of the principles of this bill. A bill on account of which the hon. member had come up to that House, as the originator and exponent, to carry it as a sort of political Mahomet, or rather i Moktnna; enforcing it with the tongue instead of the sword. The hon. member was, he believed, the third Minister who had been thus sent to them. He trusted that the hon, member would find that this measure was one which could be only permitted to pass that House with certain modifications and amendments he trusted also that he had shown much that could not but be considered as objectionable in. the but in its present shape. Still there were, he was free to admit, many reasons he could not consider himself justified in opposing the passage of the bill. The country had spoken out in favour of' it in a most un- mistakeable manner, and although the commonly received opinion of the bill might be a mistaken one, that House, would, as ever wont, not array itself in opposition to the united expression of the popular voice, however erroneous that opinion might happen to be. (Loud cries of "Hear.") But although they allowed this bill to go into committee he felt sure that House would feel itself in duty bound to take the sting of it as it then stood. They were prepared to no longer oppose the principle of free selection, to admit it altogether, but so to modify the provisions of the bill in committee as might be found necessary. The amendments he had the honour now to lay upon the table, and intended to move would, in his opinion, sufficiently rectify what was objectionable in the bill. They would go to remove the evils which would otherwise arise . therefrom. They would change the conditional purchaser into a bona-fide one, removing the degrading restrictions by which he would otherwise be surrounded. (Ironical cries of " Hear.") He proposed to give the Crown power to give leases of land for agricultural purposes. He could see no danger likely to arise from the creation of Crown tenants. Even if there were to be some possible inconvenience, it would really be as nothing compared with that of compulsory mortgages. If his amendments were adopted, the free selector would not be subject to any degrading dependence upon a Minister of the Crown. He challenged a fair comparison between the bill with his amendments, and the bill without them. There was yet another objection to the bill, and that was the power it conferred upon the Minister of the Crown. To remedy the most important instance of this he (Mr. Docker) proposed to move a substantive amendment to the twenty-eighth clause of the bill. If the Council agreed to his amendments he thought that they would remove the sting from the bill. He moved as an amendment that the consideration in committee stand an order of the day for Tuesday next. After some few remarks from the PRESIDENT as to the technical form of the motion, the amendment was withdrawn by Mr. Docker, who moved, as an amendment, the adjournment of the debate. The ATTORNEY G GENERAL said that nothing could ever have induced him to be willing to vote for a measure he believed to be likely detrimental to the country. Some hon. members, however, had, it appeared, a different view of their duties as members of that House. He had no doubt that all that had been advanced against the bill would be shortly and concisely disposed of by the hon. the Secretary for- Lands when the time came for him to speak in reply. He himself believed the bill to be one which would be likely to work well. They were laying the foundation of the future destinies of the colony, and this was openly avowed by all parties and he had thought that this fact would have sufficiently impressed the hon. member who had just sat down, and would have caused him to spare the House all those hard words in which he had indulged, not merely in reference to the Home. Secretary of Lands, but also in respect to those who might be expected to take advantage of this bill. Those free selectors the hon. member had termed " rebels who were prepared to cheat the colony," language that was totally unprecedented in any deliberative assembly. The PRESIDENT The hon, member did not use these expressions in regard to those persons that would select, line and that " a class of those who would select land would be rebels, prepared to cheat the colony." He had watched the hon. member's language very closely. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL At all events, it was clear that the hon. member used the linkage in regard to some human beings, indi- dist USMOU of so much importance is this might well have been allowed to proceed without such expressions as those being employed The hon Secure more for I units had been characterised by this uno hon. member as a political M Thomas, a M ok inn e, und e\\-G in the- 1 he colony was perfectly well how ire of the political history of his lion colle line, um upon this public measure was his political reputation staked It the public should i sides hint entitled to bear the epithet of the lion i ember had cast upon him, of course his lion colic gue 1st team to bear them, but when such 1 insuave was used by one member to another, it naturally- drew attention to a comparison of the political history of each of them That being so, and regarding his hon colleague, he loved that he had been no less than six times elected by 1 constituency torcnicsent them-that six times had his political opinions been endowed by the public voice Surely, then, the lion "seems tray could well afford to be the epithets the hon gentleman in had show ceed on him. But when these facts were conti rested with the political history of the hon "gentleman who until ked him, he could find no form to meet the case, except, perhaps, as that honorable member had termed the hon Secretary The Gracchus of the Parliament, he would term that hon gentleman the Thersites of debate for he had in the, is in all other debates in which he took part, for cod more bitter ness and ill-feeling into the discussion than would otherwise is five characterised it But he would leave his son colleague to deal with the details mentioned by the hon gentleman, and would now turn to the fair, open, and candid speech of the hon member (Mr '1 houison) To that speech he must linly pay the tribute of long slim as sensed with a wisdom, a power, i patriotic spirit such is might reasonably have been expected from the honorable gentlemens The Inig experience and the known fumes and ability of the honorable gentleman in were calculated to be of very great advantage in finally settling this question, but when he heard this hon gentleman express a wish that such a bill had not been introduced, and b is, this wish upon this foundation, that it was calculated to dispossess the present squatter, and to place others in his party in whose presence there was not so desirable to the country that it was in fact only repay any, one man by ouotbci-ho felt bound to say that if there was one thing more than another that this Ministry sought, it was to place number, of men on the 1 and that was now held by me in in, so that instead of one huge holder of land there should be hourly small holders That was the mm mill intention of the Ministry, and that his one civ ed, was in answer to the hon turning Then again, the hon Demlriiiiui said that this principle would raise a responsive settlement of the country in which religious education and instruction, and di the arts of civilisation must necessarily bow anting, but he could only say as his belief that wholesalers were there would be that could minister to the wants of popular thou be very coon found to follow, and, after oil, over it the worst, this suffered population could not be much worse off than the hut-keepers and shepherds of the present occu- part, of whose conditions so many complaints, were made Then the hon gentleman had said that the settle racing in the country ought to be allowed to proceed systematically but to do that would be to revert to the old-fashioned system of settlement, by which a number of persons were taken and fixed upon a particular spot with a sailor, a shoemaker, and ev ny met a watery artizan accompany nur them Such an intention of settlement the Ministry altogether diver named | No doubt it would be well if a number of persons w ci e to band themselves together and go out and settle a pin ticular to act at country, and he believed, from what he had heard, that such w( sky be the case in many motor os, but It it were done, it would not be at the instigation of the Government Another question the hon. gentleman had nised was that the squatters should establish some kind of an assurance, like the assessment under the Scab in Sheep Act Now, if the squatters chose to do and, let them do so, but in so far as the Government were concerned they had nothing to do with it And after all, what was it that they were ensuring, there was nought to compensate them for what the Government had anything to do with If he had got through the term of his lease, and exercised his right of pre-emption, the squatter had exhausted his rights, and nothing remained But even it there did, it was a matter solely for his, own resignation and had nothing to do with the Government, it was quitoiniraateml to them then it appeared that the hon gentleman recommended us to imitate other colonies in the encouragement they had given to pastoral pursuits, but this was an entirely useless piece of advice, for whilst they, being now colonies, were paving the way to their settlement, by holding out inducements to occupy their finds, them being in older country, had already gone through that preliminary stage, and was not required to go back to the old system line they were at -a more advanced stage , their inhabitants possessed more energy, more experience, more capital, and more of every thing that I must place them in advance of those colonies which they were now asked to mutate Much bad by car said about the pastoral interest of the colony, but his view was that those who had thus spoke confounded this interest with the true landed interest in a manner that was most damaging to the country The squatting interest had nothing whatever to do with the land, and did nothing but consume the natural grasses on it, and as to its being an interest, it would never have been one had it not been that the pastoral tenants had got deeply in debt with banks, and thus an interest had grown up under a statute passed in a time of depression had now made perpetual-the Lien on Wool Act. It was notluiifbutacoinmeicial speculation, and was not a permanent interest As a proof of this, he would ask if the pastoral tenant improved his estate or kept it in that state which a landed proprietor would do It was the interest min cry of a statutory character, with nothing permanent about it, and must therefore be left out of the question ("Oh oh'") He wished to be understood ; it was to be left out of the question in considering the wool- fun) of the colony, since it had no interest in the permanent advancement of the country. "With regard to the bills before the Council, he should not make any observations on the details Since he had the honour of introducing these bills to the notice of the House, he had studied their claws carefully, and he believed the bills to be founded on equity and Justice _ They contained IiroviHOBS lot protecting all existing lights, and in the I ( reins for doing this were not quite perfect-if hon. members saw better way of doing this, no doubt amendments ' will be acceded to, subject, however, to this point The bills did take up, and endeavor to deal with the qui str ii i ist upon than by the repeal of the existing kind Act If had been charged against those bills that they ver mere lists kulshill», but he, never saw bills to the U si era in obee turn could with less justice, be applied 1 "Vo bills would be ptrpwd which would attempt to deal, removed, with all classes This bill would enable the man who had but a small sum of money, bay £80, to go and select his eight acres, he would have to pay down £20, and the other UiO he might lay out a dray, cattle, tools, or fed, and clothed, in fun, the Mitin himself and his mainly for other classes There were provisions, and which they might become possessed of land, if they did not din so to submit to the conditions prescribed for the first class he had alluded to Jltioic it was said that they were 11 gelatine,, in one class only, he would ask hon. members to look to the number of clauses, the variety of subjects they embrace, and the (change would >n seen to be unfounded To avoid the appearance of pa~ train, to meet every case the Government had divided then running into two parts men had taken up every man nsf The Government hoped that the using generation would take advantage of this bill-that under it they would go forth and occupy the soil, and become freehold s It was it weakness, perhaps, but still the last desire of natives of this colony-as of English, Irish, and scotches is to obtain a fresh aid and the Government desired to aft in them an opportunity of doing so Nor was it only to the rising generation to those already in those colony that those advantages are offered but Contango class, and most value table class, vi he is id long been deb meet them coming to this colony by the dithering winds existed inobtcimmglands for themselves- dillieiütics which who is well known in (every home in England as they were here Athene the lar uo freeholder-fhoowneisol n country would not part with an inch of their freeholds and there were large numbers of tenants under s in England, with capitals varying from hundreds of pounds to £2000, iOOOO, or even £10,000, who would gladly come to this beautiful colony if they knew that they could it once obtain lands on which to settle themselves and their families who finality which this bill would afford t ) such persons to obtain freeholds would cm outrage the emigration of vast numbers of valuable colonists, who would bring with them a love of British institutions a determination to uphold them, and with them their liberty which Englishmen always boasted of which, however, might be frittered away altogether it they went to Vinci lea Another class Ih t would be benefited would be large numbers who had been brought to this colony under the numeration system washhand prevailed for Some years, and many who were now saving their earnings with the sole desire of obtaining a full rich fit themselves, would thus be able to satisfy their wishes A chess also would be much benefited to which his attention had been drawn Iheiovviic men who now took clearing leases They took land for five years, of movement the long lease, from some large proprietor, and at the end of the term they had the option of taking the land on lease at Al per here Much men very naturally asked why the Government did not make some provision by which they might become freeholders, instead of being compelled to remain lucie tenants after having cleared the land with their labor But it this bill was passed, all of this class would abandon then dealing leases, and become freeholders themselves Mr Docker had said, that the experiment of small agricultural farms had been tried and had failed but the circumstances were different, the experiment had been surrounded by all the authorities of the auction system and other hindrances which has bill would dear away lit approved of the provision of an is required only 23 per cent of the purchase money to be paid down, as thus minds of the sinews of war would be left to the settlers' per cent of his means to improve his land and provide for the final full payment It had Ken said that the money would never be got in The people who were to go out as free selectors had been corn need to cheats, and in various other ways had been described in a manner how is sorry to have heard and he hoped that those who took land under this bill would show that they were not open to such < limestone such a notion could only exist in the morbid uni gination of those who attended the slanders He would not proceed to refer to any of the details of the bill, he had merely stated what he considered were the political principles which ought to be adopted in any Land Bill they obtained the sanction of this Legislarme "vfr DOCKER briefly explained that he had not as the hon and learned Attorney- General had stated, (to nounced the free selectors as rebels at cheats, and proceeded to repeat the remarks he had made as to the probable effects of the free selection provision upon those who availed themselves of them "Mr HOLDEN would not detain the House Img, but upon a question of extreme importance he desired to say a few words the measure now under discussion was, no doubt, of immeasurable importance to the future of this colony The various Muuottrs that had had the remains of idea of the affairs of this colony since the introduction of responsible Government, had not taken up the question, and alter various successive incur ations a bill had been at last produced But, unfortunately, it had come before this Council within a very short period of its dissolution, and the end complain most bitterly that we had not had more time for its consideration, that we were now driven into a corner, that we were obliged either to Here a measure to be passed in a comparatively mule form, or to run the risk it no pleasure at dr pass England of the country being hit in that state of confusion which had arisen from the uncertainty as to whether the present system would continue in for cc for in indefinite period of time Hedcsu cd that that should not be the case, and he would put forth every effort he could make is an individual member of the Legis little to push forward this measure to a conclusion In doing so, he was willing to surrender many of his own opinions laid his impressions of what he thought light, noted in any was in submission to the dicta- tion of others but her case it was necessary that individual opinions shnUd give way in this case One material point upon which he did not agree with this bill he was disposed to concede to public opinion, that opinion having been un- mistakenly expressed in favour of the point be referred to md be desired so to modify the bill is to enlist as little pen mons as possible With regard to the general principles of the land question, there could be no doubt (li it all parties were agreed upon certain man invented a precipice, and which the more intelligent and enlightened members of both parties concerned fully and honestly m then general desire to establish the question atissuowus in what manner could these principles be applied Jho unquestionable principle which was admitted by all parties was this-that pistol 11 occupation must yield to agricultural when the hand was injured He was perfectly willing that that principle should be applied most loyal ally At the same time he Uioii(,hMhcic was a great delusion abroad as to the ripeness of this country 101 urge cultural operations nor did he think that any artificial legislation of ours could put put to agricultural occupation, is this would have existed under the present system of fin state of the country, had been up! for at 11 the successive Governments had idiniiii'-Und tho he is they found it honestly and earnestly, tin i jimmy would now have been in a prosperous a condition, and in a much more benefits! A -even. that it would be through my bill we might of pay , even though the law had not been listed 'list y pastoral occut union must yield to grant for it, appeared to him to result home the sum Hw of society which justified its in superseding the aboriginal tribes from their hunting Hounds And while on this point he would express his sorrow that the bill before the House made no provision for giving reserves to the al)onDuics lm the "rounds we had taken from them but at the lMstoiol occupation of the land must give way, 't no should be taken that as little injury will s done to the pastoral interest as was compatible with the beneficial occupation of the I and the regard to the measure of liberality which was l j be afforded 1> the pastoral occupant as to the period during which he would enjoy immunity from interruption this must no doubt depend upon the quantity of land available it did seem strange and anomalous that there should be so huge an amount of land unalienated and which was not submitted fothopubhi use (Hear, hear) Surely there must be something of the dog-in-the-manger influence somewhere which was the cause of this (Land cries of hear and counter cheers) Very possibly there might have been some influence of that kind on the part of the pastoral interest (Chee is But, It that had been the 4 and, the reaction was now great, and the prevalent decline; , altogether the other way (Cheers horn the Opposition ) j Howivcrthit might be, they were bound over to bear in I min uni great was the importance of the pastoral 1 interest, and to consider what MIS the relative value of the new interest is compared with that of the pastoral mtoicit,-Hint interest which the interests of died by this bill was designed to supersede [UheKLGREl'UtY 40s LANDS "There is no new interest mated by this bill ' ] I'hero wits in agricultural interest, as represented in the hot selector [The 31 GRE TARY FOR LANDS. " That interest is not merely agricultural, it is or may be p color is as well '] the whole scope of the bill went, he insisted, to an indirect and almost cxtltisivopiotcttiouot the agricultural interests But they were also said to look to the welfare of the pastoral m terest (Huu, hear) with interest would, is stated in the statistician lenient, be found to action more than one nullum annually- above all other interests inthe colony The SLCllhlAltY FOR LANDS ''No, no, not Other hon members ""rose, yes, yes ] Tt Av is worthy of every consideration as to how far they should accept the bill as it had come before them. He should be very glad to agree, with, the hon the Attorney- General, and admired his pictures of happy homes and similar (810 SECRETARY FOR LANDS Wives) (Laughter.) They were quite ideal pictures, as he tried, for agnctdturo was not and would not be followed it it was found not to pay He trusted that when this bill went into committee, the committee would observe the bad closely, in order to protect the pastoral interest He joined in the suggestion that there should be some arrangement set on foot, whereby those who were likely to suffer through this bill should be indemnified At present the uncertainty of the land question depreciated pastoral property at least 25 percent (The SECRETARY FOR LANDS And house property £50 The land might be arranged for on a system similar to that proposed in the Scab Act, and the Act for the prevention of the Pneumonia now passing that House Such a proposition would be a great benefit to existing interests , it would place all the action of the Government in respect of the site of pastoral lands above all suspicion (Hear hear) With regard to the undue dispersion of inhabitants over the country, charged as an objection to pastoral pursuits, it was quite line that Mich dwptrfiion viz as muduitaJ to the manner in which they are here carried on But it was, moreover, not merely not necessary, but was actually pernicious, and wherefore, then, should it" carry couraged Every consideration on earth showed the necessity for one nation, but this ought, the reform to be tin jun 6. d by (six ng facilties in error long ago it- had settled in in in i in cular h cities He did not mean by ging the lengths suggested by the hon Attorney General is organising troops of settlers, accompanied by returns, but surely Icgitiinito encouragement might be given by making such reserves as might be material in the best and chou best parts of the country, and by giving special patronage month by making roads to it, and by establishing on it's lines and churches line should have been the land n y if a wise measure, bntinsteadof thisdispoision had been the du cent tendency of the bill Hitherto there had In ming reserves maintained throughout the interior, Mid CK o were still retained they amounted altogether to 1,800,001) ion s If these were not enough for the purpose of let new ones he made, and let the selections be made out of these This would at all events be It very different (him, from lifting the selector go on my run he might think proper and in like his settlement-thusini ¡feetturningcvoiy run rat J a reserve It this was not giving a tender y to disperse m, he did not know what was to remedy this evil of dispersion, he would punish, always in connection with the proposition for compensation that had come from the hon member, "Mr J Thomson, that all the reserves that it was intended to maintain as such should be continued, and that wherever it was required to make them in future they should be proclaimed in sufficient areas f) accommodate all requiring hill Not that sin.e mdi siding should be allowed, at his own caprice, to make his selection out of the centre of a am, but that whenever a stiff lent number of pi soils should think it worth while to take up land on a run, that they should be permitted to do so, that the aim should be resumed, and pr ill used as a reserve, the lo sec being compensated for the loss Such a plan would make the incision work very much easier than if was now likely to do He need not enter much more into the question, as the details of the bill would be more appropriately discussed in committee He would only, in cou i lost in, H îy, on the subject of mine in 1 mails, for the sale of which no provision had been made (Mr ROBERT SON "Yes, by auction ) But the disc oversea certainly find sunn claim to advantage li mi his discovery and to obtain mind if land he would not openly put them up to and non us such, lest some one else should reap the benefit of his di overy He was, therefore, obliged to resort to cunning of drent to obtain them, and he ought to have a (chance given him of obtaining them without the necessity for duplicity of mann having If such a law is would have given this opportunity had been in existence years back, there would havubeenvciy many mines opened and worked at this day, and LS a natural ion sentence the colony would have leaped the benefit the existing state of the Hw, however was such as to have thwarted the application of capital to this important subject In the present stage of the colony, under the Divine direction, the mining lame next in importance to the pastoral interest They had no great advantages here, for ugliest tin of pursuits, on the contrary, that were many disadvantages s least it, they had, however, very many advantages in lay on of mining, and still more in favour of pastoral put suits As a matter of political economy then, the just interest of the colony was to cultivate those pursuits which could be followed with the greatest advantage and doing what was the only possible way in which they could fully develop the resources of the country, whilst any attempt to encour nee garniture of my other pursuit, against manage it and acknowledged disadvantages, must be futile, and must of necessity result in disappointment in the Queensland Bill there was in it rule which they might very well adopt best, allowing companies to purchase land containing mineral , the thin coat of old in blocks of not more than Klauer, at 6 per acre [Mr HOBEIUöON that is free selection before survey "I In such a case it is very different from the ordinary selection the hon secretary proposed in this bill On this point, however, he yielded against his own conviction to the public voice, but he would till the hon Secretary that, before a very few years had passed over, he would see and regret his mistake The confusion that would be caused would be infinite, the mischief and the enemy very great He would have elaborated on this point, but he had felt that in the present state of public feeling it would be hopeless for him to attempt to turn the tide, and he was thus compelled to yield to the evil which he saw no possibility of averting Mr JOHNSON moved the adjournment of the debate However leadythehon Secretary for Lands might be at any time to go on with this question other hon. members might desire some time, instead of being called upon to go on with so important a question at this hour Mr ISAACS seconded Mr UOlU.RrsONobjcctedto this our se As yet only four gentlemen had been heard on the bill, and it was hopeless to think to get through the bill if they refused, to sit beyond ten o'clock He did not think that hon. members, should be influenced by the desire of being depot had to show for the Cure of debate He thought that, considering the state of the public business, and the short period of time remaining of the session, the House should go on some time longer to night the question having been put the SECURE! ARY FOR I ANDs called a division there were Uee 1' Mr. Deas!houison, Col!. Henry Robey Alexander Park Isaacs Douglass Alcrewctlicr Mr. Towns Captain l^unli, LEN. Booker Comrie Dr. Mitchell Mr. Want Johnson Tellers. Noes, a. Oakes' j ? The Secretary for Juncia The Attorney-General Mr. Newell ENFORCEMENT OF CLAIMS. The Enforcement of Claims against the Crown Bill w Jet recommitted for a verbal amendment,. which having- been agreed to, the bill was again reported. BARRISTERS ADMISSION ACT. The report of the Committee of the whole on the Barristers A Admission Act Amendment Bill was adopted, and the third reading fixed for Tuesday next. The House adjourned at half-past ten p.m., until Tuesday next. 