J SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1801. POLITICAL PHILHARMONIC. WE were passing by the Treasury, the other evening, plunged in deep meditation, and wondering when that precious steam dredge was likely to be finished. We had just made up our mind to speak to Mackenzie about it on the first opportunity, and to impress him with the necessity of enforcing the penalty if the dredge were not finished at the stated time we had, we repeat, just come to this determination, when our cars were ravished by a stream of thrilling melody coming from that venerable building. The door being open, we went up, and in an inner room we found our friend the Treasurer practising "Ah I I have sighed. rest me," and Herbert was P0|fp"rain" Migata accompaniment on years" His Honor the Judge tiMed t]l0 fittings with much Mt«8f^it0llt0vWen,|y ready to chime in what we turn our RS gome pannican .(ltpCa were strung around his neck. play Was there also, and bad, 'st CoUrse, n trumpet, his own peculiar properly. It is needless to say that his performance on this instrument is all that can be desired. Diiedly we entered Mackenzie received as with an astounding quaver from his rich tenor voice, and giving a skirt of enterprise after the fashion of the most approved opera singers on the stage, he addressed as in recitations follows Ah, whom do I behold A chair at once bring forward. It is-it is-it i«---it-PS-s -the man we want." "Good gracious!" wo exclaimed; "Are you mad or not?" " Why, you see," said Mackenzie, "it's all right. I am, you know, chairman of the Philharmonic-bother those debentures the dredge isn't finished yet. Must keep it up, so we meet here for practice. I'm like that classical fellow-soldiers him, what's his name torn to pieces by the women ; bother 'em, they're always doing something. Or- pheasants ! that's his name." " The fact is," said the Colonial Secretary, " my friend here, who presides over the finances of the country, has conceived the glorious idea of importing harmony into politics, and uniting all parties whose quarrels have hitherto created dissensions in the colony together in one body, cemented by the indissoluble bond of harmony." " A really very excellent, suggestion," said his Honor, " which, without the slightest hesitation, I have con seemed to sanction. In all ages of to what the force of harmony has possessed great influence with mankind. The world's can never stood subdued by sound, we are told by the pool. Moliere's maitre de Musique, in the Bourgeois Gentilhomme, argues correctly ; what creates miller trembles, wars, and dissensions which disturb the would? Want of harmony among men. Could there exist that want of harmony if all men understood music? Certainly not. Therefore, Mr. Attorney-General, I take that to be the correct ruling." Upon further enquiry we learnt that, ani- mated by the above views, a number of our public men had formed themselves into a politic phi Charm on to society and that they will shortly give an entertainment of a very original description. Tbofollowingneivsonjjs to old tunes will then be sung. There are many more songs in the catalogue presented to us for our exclusive use. "In a future issue we may again favor the public with more extracts from the political song-book. SOLO by Mrs. MACKENZIE: Atti-" Com-c-ijcntil." is' no money to spend, Who'll lend, Vliu'l! lend. A penniless gent, With my six per cent. There are bridges to build, For people are killed Nearly every week In crossing some creek. And the roads are so find, That I'm do even Hallstand By spinsters who course My empty, empty name. In my Treasury chest If you'll come and invest Debentures The Bill, namely, nearly comes to buy. Hity-i'-Hiiy-p-liuy-e Trà-lu-lii-la-lii-lii tree. O pity the time Whom a ghost of Bin Han Iiici'ss.uitly haunts Abuses and trains. On ! ye men with fine, 1rs a crying, crying sin, Auf, In nine to the scratch line buy up a bunch of' debentures-entures due Such as these, as these of' Julie (Julie- (centre Sand, ?. Kuril fifteen years 'The money falls due And you will not will not run The II again you've made bills llieillterestnwlall will be duly, duly paid. I'li-t'-.i-e-'i-P-i-e-nid T.-a-la-l.i-la-hi-lii-Ae. 