ANNiVEitsAiiï RKOATTA.-A committoo meet Ina «a« lislil, liât evening, at tba Paragon lintel, with aila* of .oiling Uta bootha hy auo£on t but aa no eligible alter waa raado, they allll romain unsold. It waa announced st the mealing tbat Mesara. Ilritah sud MsoDonnell had presentad a oup, velnod .t £14, to bs pulled tor in watermen's boats, hy gentlemen both In publlo snd private ofr.oee. Ns stops ware taken wlthreferenoe Îo funning a bona tide waterman's moe, but wa understand that t ls under i onaldsratlon, Tits entrañosa far the vsrtoun races will bs takan on Monday evening neal, until whloh Um* uo frsau roes« of any kind will be mad*. THHMGOVEBNOB-GBKEKAL.-^WY anderstand theta deputation' c'öneietlng of Mr,'Blohard Jonas,tho'Hon. Henry Prlnoo, «nd Mr. 8smnel t>gan Gordon, waited upon bia Excellency tba Ooyernor-Qoneral, with an Invitation to dinner from the Yiotoria Club, whloh nia Excellenoy aooepted for thia evening. To morrow, we nndoratand, hla Exoellonoy dinoa at the Australian Olab, in aompUanos with a similar Invitation. TESTIMONIAL TO THE GOVEBNOB-GENKBAL. Tho oommittee ef gentlemen who have.taken this matter In hand,' on behalf of the pnbllo at large, mst yesterday forenoon, at the Town Hall, and appointed some of tholr number to draw np a draft Addreat, to bs aubmltted for consideration at a meeting, to be held this morning, at the aamo time and place. AN ELEGANT TBIFLE.-One of the prettiest offsprings onganderod by the season is " Bimmel's perfumed Almsnso," an artistic Ultlo bijou,-a vory welcome offering to the fair aex. Besides Ita fragrant perfume, Ita brilliant appear- ance la illustrates of a high degree of perfection In the |printer'e art. The two oolenrs represent Bimmel's London establish, ment, and their atlrootivo fountain in tba Crystal Pal «ca. Tho inner aldea af the cover oontaln tho oloorly-prlnted calendar for thu year. The four rovorso tableta aro highly- oolourod pictures illnetraling the (our aoaaona,-Spring reproaonted by an English soene and tho may pole danoo; Bummer by tho sunny landscape of Italy, and Neapolitan rospera ; Autumn, la belle France and ber vineyards ; and Winier by the Bnaalan alodglng-party. the frozon Veva, and tbs Admiralty of St. Peteraburg. Mr. J. B. Clarko ia tba agont for this gem. ALMANACS.-We have to acknowledge the reoolpt of Wellbank'! Australian Niutloal Almanac) for 1861. This useful companion oontalns a Tait amount or valuable infor- mation, extending over more than a hundred closely printed pages, and ls furnished with a ooloured representation of the descriptive and numerloal flsgs In uee at Port Jackaon, sa well as the ueual calendar for the year. We have alas received Pugh's Queensland Almanac for the year 1B0I, containing more than two hundred pagne of information connected with tnat rising colony. The prosont Issno is a considerable improremont upon the last. Thora are some omlsalona in tha historical summary ; but the difficulty of colleotlng materials for compilation enlistee torlly aocount for thia. Wo gather from the statlailosl tables that tho ttstal exports of the colony of Queensland during 1800. were estimated at .£573,372, of whloh £S39,ei)0 was pastoral produce. ENTERTAINMENT TO COUNTRY VOLUNTEERS. 1 Tbs committee appointed to make arrangements for carrying out the above entertainment met yesterday, at ll o'olook. et the Farrlore' Arms. A number of gentlemen willing to tender for the requialts provialons were in attendance ; ondit waa agreed that tenders should bs sent in st 3 o'olook Tho oommiltea said they were In a position to guarantee tha attonding|of, at least, OHO ; and that it would bs usossssry to prepare for loco. SYDNEY RIFLE CLUB.-A quarterly meeting of tho momhera of the Sydney Rifle Club took place for pries shooting, on tho military practice ground, rear or Vlotorla Bar rooks, yestorday, when tba following prizes were shot for:-lat prlzo, a silver oup, valued 2t guineas, to bs won three times by the esme person, dlstsnoe 200 ynrde, round targets, 2J feet discolor, won by Mr. Oharlos Boberte. 2nd prize, £ \ won by Mr. C. Bohena; J. lt. Clay ton, 2nd ; W. Chapman. 3rd. 3rd £rlze, £2, won by Mr. R. Heaney 2nd, J. Ormiston; 3rd, 0. rown. NEW ROUTH WALES VOLUNTEER RIFLES - Laat evening an election took place at Hyde Bark Barraoks of first nontenants for the several aompsnlos ot tho volunteer rifles forming tho Sydney battalion, when tbe following were tho euooesvful candidates :-Mr. William Teale to be lat lieutenant of No. 1 Company; Mr O. H. Atkinson to bo let lieutenant of No. 2 Company; Mr, J. A. Brown to bs 1st lieutenant of No, 3 Company ; Ur. SI M Campbell to bo lat lieutenant of No. 4 Company; Mr William Forde to he 1st lieutenant of No. 6 Com- pany ; Air. F. 0. Hrowor to bo lat lieutenant of No. 8 Company. After whloh an eleotion took place for non.commissioned offloers for the auno company, whon Mr. Henry Freeman and Mr. H. B. Pasamore wera elected aorgeanta, and Mr. Frederick Peterson and Mr A. M'Phorson wero eleoted corporals, Mr. Thomas Mawles being oleeted delegate for the oompany. THE VOLUNTEER BAND.-The members form lng the nuoleue or tho band Tor the volunteare oí New South Walo! mot for their third praotloo at tholr berraoka in Hyde Park, on Tuesday . ovening. Wo were rouoh surprised at tho efllolenoy already attained by theae muaiolana, wbo haye played together for eo ebort a porlod. Tho quickness of their reading, and tho axoellsnttlme kept, give groat prnmlao of future exoel. lenoo. Mr. Callen is Indefatigable In bia o (To rta, and has engaged himself in tho caneo with thorough spirit. Under bia able tuition the unpaid members are pursuing the practice af their Tarions instruments, and will, doubtloss, soon be able to join tholr moro advanced comrades. It is Intended that tho band shall consist of shout alxty mualolaus. who will ho formed infos sepa- rate company, to be called tbs " Band Company."lnstoad of being drafted Into tho other oily oompanles, and rules and regulations will be drawn up expressly for their guidance, This being the oseo, lt soarooly requires the suggeatlon on oar part that Mr. Callen should bs unsnlmoualy elected captain of tbs oompasy. as, indoed, no other is capable of asaumlag the oharge.) THE VOLUNTEERS.-The different suburban Vnlnnteor Rifle Companies meet this ovsning, for the elsotion of officers. EARLY CLOSINO ON SATURDAY.--There will be s meeting of drapers, la tbs Nsw Library of tbs Sobool of Arts, this evening, st six o clock, to Ipromots the Saturday sarly. oloaing movement. DEAD ANIMALS TN PUBLIC THOROUGHFARE. The praotioe of throwing doad animals in publlo thoroughfaras has. of late, become a great nniaaneo. There ia soarooly s street in the oliy in which some disgusting example of this kind dos* not offend one's oyss. What are the polios about? PRESENTATION.-A testimonial of fifteen sovereigns was yesterday presented to Sergeant James Arthur, by the members of the No. 9 Volunteer Artillery, previous to his departure for New Zealand, as a token of esteem which the mem- bers have always borne for him, and for his constant attention to drill. TnE HAT CROP AX WAGGA WAGGA.-Tho Exprtu nay»:-Such another orop of bay a» that lataly mown In thia dlatrlot la not in tho remembrance ofthat veritable and vene- rable Individual-tba " oldest raaident," Everybody has gat hay, ?rood, and plenty of it. and tho consequence ls, that thoa« who raise lt for market, whloh ia tha case with the majority, will And lt, If they depend upon the consumption of ths town and district, sjaroely remunerative, as lt must bo sold st a rathor low figaro thia asaaon. MUSICAL ITEMS.-Daring tho ensuing week tbs masloal oirolesof Sydney will be aronsod from their lethargy by a musical entertainment of a surerlor character, to bo giren by the favourite vocalist, Madams rarsndlnl. Several old friends of the Sydnoy publia aro expected to mske their appearanos at this concert, amongst others wo may mention tho namos of Mesara. W Sherwin and John Oregg,who will undsnbtodly bs warmly wolcomod. Tho Philharmonic Society will give its next oonoert on the 29th instant, and from the natur* of the arrange. monta, a flrat-olasa entertainment is to ba antlolpatod. BOYAL VICTORIA THEATRE.-The pantomime baa almoat had tts run, and has oeaoed to faa as attractive as whon first performed, tho publia being now desirous ofwltnoaa. lng aomelhlng bottor in the way of montai auetonanoo. Amidst tnuoh that la wearying and essentially vulgar, the saenoa, more particularly appertaining to tbs ballot and fairy deportments, ara really of so great merit, In point of arrangement and offed, and rodound so much to the pralao of tho Leopolds, as also of the painter, Horr Habblo, ' that it will un. doubtodly auoceed In attracting a largs andiene* this evening for the benefit of tho Leopold family. But the more partioularly attraolive featuro of thia evening a ontortaln* mont la the ballet of " Tho Daughter nt tho Danube," one of the choloeat flowers from the wreath of this sobool of art Tbs fíleos ls produood for this oocaslon only It ooroprlsos a «Imple mt effective at ry of tho old Gorman " Father of Rivera," with tho sating of whloh tho ballet ls combined. It len piece moat oongonlol to tho troupo of whloh tho Fraulein Ie the soul : and the danoino and scenery oomblned will bo likely to charm tbs visitors Tho ballet has in general been but little noticed hitherto, but, if well oarrled out. ls certainly a moat poetical, pIoturfsq.no, and imaginative form of art. THE LATE OMNIBUS ACCIDENT. - Amongst the psaaongers wno wero In tho omnibus at the tims of the lato nooldontwas Mr. Londor, Vloe.Consul for Oldenburg, (of tho firm of Lander, Müller, and Co, Mr. Mittler being oonsnl for that State), who received some severs oontnslons on the aldo. Wu bollovo that It was mainly awing to this gsntlamsn that tho ladles lnelds tho omnibus woro not moro sovorely Injured, ss ho suaoosBfully prevented them from Jumping out when the vohloto wss at Hs bl ghost speed. RESPECT TO TUE DEPARTED.-In consequence of tho intelllgonoo by the Salsetto of tho death nf tho Dowager Empress of missie, tho vsrlous representativos of foreign nations in this city hoisted tholr flags half.moBt high at tholr roapeotivo consulates nnTuusdsy, Tho Russian, Prussian, and Oldenburg Consuls (Messrs, Paul, Kirohnor, and Milllor), wore mors par. tloulary Intoreated in the ovent. Tbs deoeased Einproas (widow or the lalo Emperor Nloholas) was alster to the presont King of Prussia, and lo the Prlnoo Regent, and aunt to the Prlnoo and Princess Prederlok William (Prlnoess Royal of England) tho fi.turo Sovoralgua of Prussia. CORONER'S INQUEST.-The coroner held an Inquest at Henry Prior's. St. John's Tavern, Newtown, on the body of a man named William Vickery. The circumstances of the case were so suspicious that the coroner postponed the inquest from the 9th till yesterday, when the inquest was resumed. The contents of the stomach were sent to Messrs Norris and Watt, for anylisation, and it was proved by them that there was nothing in the shape of poison in the stomach. From the medical testimony it appears that de. ceased was a man of intemperate habits, and suffered very violent bilious attacks, and that the cause of his death was owing princi pally to the disease of the liver, brought on by former intempe ranch. There was no evidence to prove that deceased's death bad been accelerated, and the jury returned a verdict of died from some disease unknown. THE CONSTITUTIONAL ASSOCIATION.-Our reader! «Ul not be eurprlssd at hearing that thle body of «al. ditant conservative patriota ladefunot, to all Intente andpnrpoeoa. Thoiealous secretaries, notwithstanding ih'lr urgent elrautars .convening epeolat moetlngo, have bean unable, during the last nye or als wooka, to get u quorum together, and a dissolution has boen the rosult. This was foresssn from the first organisation of a seorot association, whoso members wore ashamed to Brow themselves opsnly. Their first addraas to tho various oonntry constituents was ss arrogant as lt was ludlorons. In magollo quent strain, thoy announced tholr Intention lo odvlso as to flt and proper persons to represent tbs sleotoratos ¡ bnt as this announcement was treated with marked contempt, thny thought ll botter to preaorve a dignidad alionan, and losva the eleotors their right at/ree telectiim. Tho mvatnrv willoh clouded the pro. oeedlngs of those oonetltullonals was tho primary cauao of tholr failure. When the patriotic association of IMO commoncod tholr auccoaaritl labonrs, tho names or Mr. W. 0. Wentworth, Dr. Uland, air John Jamison, Mr. O.Itobart Nlohola, Mr. E. a. Hall, and other popular leedora wero at once proolalmad aa those of tho olilef« of the movement. Tholr oor. rsspondenae with Ihelr Parliamentary egsnt, tho lamented Mr. Charlee Duller, which was conduoled by Dr. Uland, exhibited raaater.ptones of analytical reaaoning whloh won tho ureat- at eonsldoratlon qa tho part of tho leading stateamen nf England. Tho great principle or responsible Government was then, for the drat limo In this aolony, fluidly advooated In a serlos of shin pspsrs, which wero extensively olraulsted throughout tho eolo. nlos and tbs United Kingdom. In n word, leal, energy, and per. soveransa waa tho molla of tho aisoolntlon, and honorablo auo ocas attended tbelr well dlreotod and sitslnlned oxer tlnns. Five years lalor, tho arbitrary Squatting Cods of Slr Onorgo nipps callad Into eolian tho Pastoral Asaoolatlon, headed by Mr. Unrlamln lloyd, Mr. Wentworth, Mr. Charles Cowper Iwho waa Chairman of tho Drown I-nnda Orlevanao Com. milloo af lull). Mr. James Macarthur, Mr. T. A. Murray. Mr Jnhn Ituhertaon, Mr. Arohlbald lloyd, Mr. H. A Donaldson, Mr. ,T, l> Ilohlimon, and a host or others. Mr. Cowpar'a report, Mr. A lloyd's matiiristo, addrsasml to Lord 8tanley, then Secretary af Slate for Um Cnlonlea, and n maaa of many other valuable doaumonts, wero striking examplon of tho stioaeisful offoota of .mind organisation, and a bold, manly, and open aonrse or Bollon, Hut tho Ute y disbanded ooipa af aenatltiitiunal Volunleora hi l Ihelr candis nuder a bushel, and Us (llaksilng light wss soon ex. ilngiilalieil, never to bs rs.llu " Full af sound and fury, signify. lng nollilug," their trumpet.o«ll to the eleotora baa met with no response, and * mest lamo and Impotent oooolualon la all thal Lai tu bs reoorded.-Cemipondtnt, 1 