WIT, WISDOMI, AND IIUMOUR Clever Thiever.-At Buenos Ayres, in stances have been known of thieves running off with thie clothes of the sleeping oiumates of the htouses, fished through the gratings of the window, by meaus of one of the long canes of the country, with a hook at the end of it; in one well-known cease, a gentlesman's watch was s tus hooked out of his tpocket at his bed's heads, and hie was but just roused by his frightened wife in time tocatch a last glimpse of the ch:sti and seatls as they seem ingly !alced out of the window. Seeking a a Pla:ce.-One- morning, ascarncely a tortnight after General Jackson's arri vul at the White Ilsoe, a slitabny-gcenteel lookin mant presentedi himself at his parlour, and after ithe usiual salntation and sbtaking of lhands, expres sedlit joy at seeing the veneraalo old ugtlemtat at last hold tio shitation of chief magistrate of the country, to which his bravery, his t'dlentsi, nd his s ulimpeachable rectitude fully entitled hii I. " W'Ve have had a Ihard time of it," said hie, "in our little place; but our exertions woere unremitting ; I myself went round to stimulate my neighbours, and t last thelvictory wits ours. We beat themti iy a nmajority of ten votes; and I now behold the result of that glorious triumph P_ =" The General thanked htim t termts of studied politeness, ts-. stuinlg him tIlt toe would resign his office it at in stant if lie did not think his electioni gave satisfsc tion to a vast maajority of tile people; and, at Itat, regretted his admirer's zenal for the public weal shouhl have been so severely taxedl on his account. "Oh, no miatter forcthat, sir," sali heI;? I did it swith _ploasure-I dids it for myself and for omy country" ( lie Getneral howed); -" and [ now come to congratulate you ln your success" (the Generial howed again), "I thought, sir, that, as you are tnow President of tlihe United States, I might Iper haps he useful to you in some ollloild capacity " (The General looked ratiher embarrassed). "Pray, air, hiave you already made a choice of your OCabi net Ministuers?" "I have," was the reply of the General. " Well, no matter for th it; lshall be satislied with an embassy to Europe" 'I am sorry to say there is no rvacanc:y."? Then you will, perhaps, require a nheadclerk in the depart nlent of State P" "?I hese are generally appointed hy the respective secretaries." "I nmt very sorry for that ; then I must bhesatisfied=with some in ferior appointment." " I never interfere with these; you must addros yourself to the heads of departments."= "'But could I not be postmaster in Wushington ? Only think, General, how I worked for yon! I'" I am much obliged to you for the good oplinion you entertain of m', tand for your kind offices at the last election ; but the post ma0tcr for the city of WVashingion:is already ;ayp iointed."? '=" ell, I don't much care for that; I should be eatisfied with beintg his dlk." "Tl'his is a subject you must mention to the postmaster." SW\'liy, thleln, General," exclaimed the disap pointed ensdidate for office, " haven't you got an old black coat?'" You may well ismagine ithat the General gave hiim one. : Yails. to Servants.-To such a height had arrived tie ctubtomn of giving ville,or visiting. Iees, to servants, in 17602, that ,Tonns IIeHanay published oupou the subject eight letters to thel Duke of N-, supposed to be the Duke of Now. cistle. S;ir Thonas Waldo related to llanway, tihat, on leaving the loise ofthe Duke alluded to, lfter having feed a train of other servants, he (Sir Thomans) put a crown into.the hands of the cook, who returned it, styilg, "Sir, I do not take silver." " Don't you, indeed 1' said tihe llroet, putting it into his pocket; "then I do not give gold." rish Dis ikte and Approbaeion.-In thei Dusblin theatre it is the custom of theIrilsh gods to express their dislike or approbation of any person or performance by calling for a groau or clap. Whilst the Union was in eagitation, and the exmtlnister very unpopulari Blue Beard happened to hie represented ; when, after the duetto of" "Pit-apnat-pit-a-pa,"' &c;,, a fellow in the gallery roared out,-" Come now my hionios I a groan for PIT, and a clap for 1TPer, Lord Kelly's Nose?.- T'Ie late Lord Kelly, who was remarkable for his rubicundity of nose, having spoken disrespectfully of a gentle. man in the army, no Irisihman present ohserved, "tthat if aniyman that lived, or ever had lived, or ever coild live, had sisid the same of1 him, ihe would liSve pulled hin by the noset " "Yes," replied Foote, "'Idoare say you would I hbut in the present ease tI It- would ot doi there ari? eways enough of reretn - an Insult without running one'shandinto t/m ntire."} s_ _ _ - Foote and the Bishop.-The same being once in company whers a bishop was at the table, and having been talking on a subject that wo not altogether agreeable-" When will tho comedlian leave oil preaoclhi, P" exclaimed the lishop. " Oh, sir," said Mr. Foote, " the moment I am made It hishop," itopilIaelC's Letter.-Th'rle following letter woas actually written by Michael Stoppelaer, n rti,t a i palinter, to ich.-"' Sir,--I thank you for the fiher (favor) you intended mei; but have had a violent cold and horseness upon me this "to e't months, which contiuced above six months, ant in not gone yet, and I nam apprehensivo it will relurn. I ca hut t ust keep cmy head abovewater, by p.aiting, therefore do not care to engage in the playhtose any more. 1 nrleyoulast Thursday rccording to appointment, but you did not come hut if you please to pplloint tihe time and place, I will not fiil to meet you whether you come or not, I iti &." E [glish CGriosotni.-As Quin and another gentlemllan were passing through St. Poal's chuerch-yard, their attention was attracted by a tmob of people, who wcre oasembled to hear a tman relate that there had been a chimnLey on fire in the llorough ; that lie had scon, with his own eyes, the engin s go, in order to extinguish it; bot that it was quite got under before they arrived. Upon seeing the attention of so many peop'o attracted by so untelttertaiing a dotail, ?luat and his friend could not help reflecting upon tihe lltural ceriosity of Einglishlmen, which was excited by the most trifling circumstance, and very fri'quently by no circumstance at all; "Lot Is try," said Quin, "aln experiment upon our eountryman's curiosity." This was immediately agreed to; antd they accordingly repaired to the lopposite side of the church-yard, where having taken ia conveiienit stand, and staring up to the tolne galler), Quin gravely said-" This is about the timen." " Ye," replied the other, taking but hid watch, and looking at it under a lnmp," this was preisly the timel it mnade its appearance last night" They had now collected at least a dozen inquisitive sopectators, who fixing their ees on the oteeple, askedt what was to be seen. 'To this Quill replied-" The ghost of a lady who has been murderred, had been seen to walk round the rails of the stone gallery for so?ne evenings and she is expected to walk agoin to.tnight." This informa tion was presently spread through thie multitude, which by this time was augmented to at least a hundred. All eyes we?re fixed on the stone gallery, and imagination frequently supplied the place of reality, in making them believe they saw some thing move on the top of tile halustrade. The joke having thus taClen, Quin and his companion withdrew, went and passed the evening at the lHalf-moon tavern in Cheapside, nod upon their return, between twelveo and one, the crowd still remained in eager expectation of the ghost's a arrival. 