OUR MONTELY BUSUMMARY. As the mail per " Ienaret" closes at 6 p.m. an Saturday, 23rd instant, our Sumtmiary for traus. missisn Is the United Kingdoma, Inidia, &*c., will be published on that day, and will be for. warded to addresses sent to the efier ia time for posting. The subscription is five shillings per annum, paid in advance. Single copies si.qpence. IIOnTiour.rURtAL Srow.-The next show will take piaco on Thursday, when tire new fountain will fir opened.n In the evening the gar dens will he illuminated. VICTORIA.*-It is reported that the new Ministry will consist of the following gentle. men :-Mr. HRaines, Chieft Secretary Mr. O'Shanuassy, Treasurer; Mr. Ireland, Atttornry General Mr. Levi, Commissioner of Trade and Customs; Mr. M'Mlaton, Commissioner at hail. ways; Mr. Dully, Commissioner ol Pubile Works; Mr. Francis, Commarrissioner of Lands and Survey; Mir. Fellows, representative of tire Ministry in the Upperaouse. TThe Postmaster-General ist not named:-Al. Al. Herald. LAUhsccsror VOLUNTrcR MoOUNTmD Rtrt.Es.-CaptRit MociCer tlns resigned -li corn mission in the L.,unceston Volunteer Mounted Rifles, and Captain Reid has been elected to the vacancy. Ills coamristion has been issued, and it notification of the appointment will probably op. pair in to.day's Gazette. rThr gallant Captain appeared for the first time in theu niform of the Corps, oni tire oaension of therevir rof tha Volun. troops, by his Excellency Sir II., E. F. Young, last Thurodty. ROYAL MAItL CoAct:.-Brown's Royal Mail Coach, which usually starts on Sunday mornings, swas detained until 6 o'clock in the evening last Sunday in expectation of the arrival of tire overdue English mail. o ,meeting for the electionr of trustees and visitors, tait for oilier irrrinees, wilt ho reid at thu MAl-| chaneics Institute, on the 29th inst., at nom. t Sr. PAuL's Cnunct.-TIhe rite of cn-= firmation will be madministered in St `rPrr's Chutrci, by the = Bishop of Tasmania, at elevenI o'clock this morning. Tua ALPAOAS.-The Sydney Morning Herald says:-Great preparations tre being irane for exhibiting at the torthcomting great exhibitioa specimens of AMr. Ledger's flock. VALUATION RoLL.-A court of Patty Sea. itons was held at thue Police Oilice, tt 11 o'clock yesterday morning for the purpose of revising the Voluniion Itoll of the diser iof L.auntcestonrirn The following magistrates were present:-lt. C. Grunt Esq. (Chairman), Wim. Clevelnd, John Arkinr* son, 1V. G. Sums, J. G. Jenninas, Jun. Alkenhlend, C. J. Veedin. J. Chitnmiterllain, 1. `Sherwin, and WV. K. O'Keeffe, Eiquires. Various corrections were made in the roll, and the court adjourned at half.peat two o'clock until to-mon ow ntoruin , it eleven o'clock, the revision not beirri cirmpleted. Sr. Ton''s Onuntan SUNDAY SCeaoOL.-Tlto Lard Bisholti of lariaitlia prerched at St. John's Church list Sunday morning anti evening. At tha conclusion of enchdservice collections, amrlonirt lag to 211 4a tod, wert tiadn -in alid of thIe Sunday School. The rite of confirmation was administered to between fifty aand sixty young persons itn the same church ycaterday mtornirg. The Bishop conducted the service in the presence of a large andience. LtCENaaNer DAY.-We are requested to ro. mind atpilcants for licenses that -altthought the justices will meet in accordance with the lJaw onr Mtonatly the 2ml of December. It will be -withl tire full intetlaor of tdjoitrning rota that day to the frillowiig Monday, for tha convenience of publicana who toay be abseit at Hobart Town at the ehtampion rac ameeting. ANwtuNijtnSty.-'lTitDo tuvotty.ixth lIautti'. siry if lthe schuionl In conniction. wihl ''nmar. Stret Indeipohlnt Cihinpely, were held lost Sun. dl), when erntians were pitreaciheti but) i inurtlii ai evening by the lie.r J.Shipplird,ul titiiaiund. rhli ceiiectin after ihe iervic nt nmolunedi I Di,8n. T'he nunno i ehanttionilui of the b lhulart null the ilintriblioiiti of prizes, -tak place ii the 'ifiertnion. A Atei meeting wan held in tie school rom yesterday evenfog when addresses were delivered by several ministfrs and other friends. 'Thu scholars have their usual rent thisafternoon at the sqanre at hlit military bnrracks. Accord. ing to is ainteincut read by the lie. C. Price, ot the conclusion of each service on Sunday, the nuother of children on the hooks in 'T'aimar-street and the branchi -cool atNew Town s= 140; teachers, ill The receipts (luring titoe punt year have been 481 1s mod, and the expenditure 6ll 12s ad,-thus leaving ui dluflit of 121 lIs d.=t= Uureng StuoTrtoi.-Tho rilb itts ont the Eastern Swamp are nearly cormldeted, nd a nit. her oflthe Voluteur Artillery are to have a pre. lioionry practice at thu targets this afternoon, at New Sourt WALeo Accer.t rtsnATrot. hls Excellency the Governor-iu.Chief, Lord John anti Lady Tayluour, Colonel and = Mrs. Gore Browne, Sir Charles Nicholsot, Hart., filit lon. flit Spe her of thu Lrginlottve Assembly, nod Hitl iloinor Mr. Justice Wise ihtave visited Itls grounds which Mr. Holt, M.L.A., has kindly olfered to 0placeat toie disposnl or tfie Acclitumisatiou So Suinety. ifis Excellency was ineumitftoied by tho Chief Secretary, flit Secretary for Works anti the Finminc Miister. Joattir- leunii Adeertiuei' AND Mit. llAnrriar.-The Hobart Tron Alde'rtiser of Saturday demotes i largo portionof its apace fn two articles filled with violent anti rabid itinise of Mr. Iartlie, to whoi the onitroftrip a(' it letter signed t A Coloniet" inag been irbitrarily imputed -'itm Adeertlijer uhks, "Wittt brought Theodoref Itatleyto Hubart Town ott the 12th Nov., 18011 1 ir iHartley choret iii accompanyt hit friends ,lesors. C. S. flenty, Johit Cruokes, A. h'. hooka, and itt Q. Kerintie to iiobart Town, on tihe I llti inst, under nn urrafigemtent to return with such oi those getletmen its might he coming back to Lniincestnt by the couch on Thursdayt iand to this arrangement Mr. IBartley sttimly odhered. Thu eldeierlurns nttteiieniet thfat fte was deterred from Ieturtaing-hy the WVedneuday eveninig coach by tie fear of an aesault by MNi. Gregson is alto. gather fblso, an also thatiis i lie untgoingoulofttie h p bIn, and seeing -Mr. Gregnon, he rushed back to fis- hedruoto, antoi lcked itand Iarrut ided himself inl, wani deaf to til entreatios, iitl obutnatly ileclited ltn unbir the door." Mr. Gregeot did -nt -apitly pmurottaty but scut a nessage riqtuesftiitg ai Interview with AMr Iartley" to which ite-ruge Mur. littley replied ih writinli, declining much interview. 'iThat Mr. IBartley on 11etdnluieody confined himself to tle s thug room in the Ship Inn occupied by thu four gentilinen tiready uintmed, wits in occorlaitie with their advice and that of other gentlemen, ihmo were credibly ittiormed that itt organisee mot, of rtfilans were prepireif to maltreat Mir. lairtley if te tttide its afpearttante in the streets. Mr. Hurtley did tot reak fot' police proteotion, but sottie of the gentlemen mtentioned considering It wag, under known e r utmncen solonlutely nit. cessary, applied to the Mai or, who readily tarnished the unce, to th itueoutfitureof the "toughs." Mr. tliiduey ie nainiul untitlesteil until 'Thursday m ning, when he lfit per live ouclock coati wilt nTome of his riends. That Mr. Gregont imade his appearuitcu at the Itia it O'lrien's Bridge, anti willti le avowed intention of nssoultiig Air. Bartley in correct.; but as to ith utegradef ottd cttlntnstieivey hlttltCO oarte iti twhich be made his uppearnoce, itie rout and degri. dtig auguaptuIe tu peuredtol th, snti his atter lin. ohs tiy to itjure anylody but hitoself, those gen. tletten presentt ot tituafliatiug scene cant best testify. Ninnow EscA'rF.-Measrs. Rumpit and Muse?' entiy foptotittry in Blrinhameuotreet ttnd a narrow Lecape fruoml being hurtt tliown yen. terday euenitig. T'rho sholtpman was lonving the protises when ii e observed n strong light ii one of the back windows, and on entering lie room he found a boun of clothes on fite._ By prompt measures the flames were fortunately extin gui.bed before much damage was done. The fire was caused by smte matches igniting in otte of tbh pockets of it coat that wasn li a te bttx. - Ovannttmn EeNiol.mt ManIL.-Up to half. past =nine tst tinight the ts.i Royal .Si'pherd was not it sight of tle Ifends; we insy therefore rensonahly conclude that the Englinsl mail hadl rot arrived at luobson's tiny oiti Sunday evening. VieRY Coot., CEoTAINLY.-Tito "3entdigo Adverti-rr" has the ilowin,. :-" In the supreme court on Saturday, after his honor Justice Wil. Hiats had sentenced a rnat stmned f) Graves to eighteen mouths' imprinonment for perjury, the ptimouer, who had conductetthitself with con nideraitl ellionitery diuritng the witnle oi the Inril, ecoolly turned round as lie was leaving the doink, attil said hf should like lin play his Ifotor againi at bngatelle whether it hthoild he three years or nothing.' Luckily for the prisoner, the judge did' ntt hear the proposition to go 'ddouble or quits, or the ebances iere that he would have=gut the additional suggestediby himself without the tooble of pin) itg for it." 11EuW AND SINGULAR CURL' Por Ritto OIrAstin.-A chelieul essence of red 'herrings Is now empipey.l in the London hospitals a a cure for titte rhuimatiimu. 'hito cemical ntmt fur this preparation is nPropylanmine" it As yoa W oat."-Tho following adver. tisement has appeared hi otie of ite London newspapers:-" A gentleman who is about to leave ite house in which lie resides, nod beiug dte sirnus to return it to the landlord in testeconIir tite ditinon in ofilf fie found it, iltl pny n l'alr prico fur t00 itll-grown= rats, nit acre of poisonous weeds, and a cart load of rubbish; fltl., weeds to te planted in tte gardeut, tien ruboisil left nt the duor.step, and the rats suotered to run tthrougli the hlouse Love oteCeou tr.-As this love or country is natatraf to every oman, no it is likewise very reasonable; and that in the first pince', be ctuto it inclines tin to be beneflical to those who 're and ought to ite dearer to ts than any others, I' lakes lit our tomilies, relntioit, friends, and acquaintance; and ini short, all ialiose welfare atd security we are obliged to consult, sore than that oif thonewo ufaore stritngern to its, lFor Ithin trusoi it is the most sublime and extensive of ill social virtueon. VaEIHT op Lorin CA3mPBELL'u BeAIN. -The -Itritg/hitn Examiner reports that a pon oinrtemo exominition of L-id Cioptbell =took plice. This -private prc etli tg is tnow bhe colning pretty luiolcll, nod amonuo oilier ttiingo Ithe fatuity spook of the enoritono ireighif of brohin of thie Loid Citattellor. It weigitet 03 nutace. otid a quarter. Cunlur'n will flt hme Iet ever koown. bitig ft onuecos, bitt tot htenilty lihe Lord Caempbclt'u. The averago weight of brain in 40 eouces. Wuioti tnti s Iltr3ittuAttri,-'fti-Te Ota 0 lii'ioness baysithat sit Ii, toneokrd tinl tlistnistt tirotlittimit ttIn Wholok it' alt! tiny 1stutk up"-til the West 'Iniri rend, unear ulton's statioin, helng It short ifistiatce front Itunedin inischidtthe pasioer sy to they thoutti teemed to- have 1000-=ooy o the't, ind carried thto to on enclosure close tty, 'there they tied them stporitely. Siixtein vie. titns weri thfs in all colletttd, ntttj certainly they tisitt hiv, presentettd a luitcrous appearance They ore ltilpposed to hivo departed by the City IMP'AtttItiMt oft ATTENTIOr.--In the ttciniett stage of disease of tho brain the patient co ltpiino of on itntpicity to control and direct the thettity of ittention. 110 t111ttd that lie cnn not, without obtitnto ottd painful effort, acctsom. plith his usual ittottl work, reod, or otister the tottents nra letter, ntwkpaper, or r en it not twit~~~~~ Of ivtiroho, 'Vit ideos ecooto restive, tnd the tnitni tapses Itto i flighty con. dition, exibitiing ttt capacity for continuity or thought.t Fully rrecognising this itptired ttnd follitg energies, he repeatedly tries to conquer the defent, ond, seiting hofi of a took, is resolved not to sucettiiii to his sensation of ittellectuol incapai city, physical ingttor, ttail cerebral weaknessot bttt, nla I lie often discovers (whin it is too Into to gropple with the mtioottier) that he oan lost all power of'healthy mental steoliness nd tnormtl concentration of thought! In his nitemlpt to com-. prehenttd themeniig of the immediiti, subject tider coatteilifptointio, he rends and re-ret twith a determilnedl resolution, and upp irently lntaogging energy, cetinrt strikifg pissteges nnd ptges of it particular fibook, ttt =rwithout ticing able tif oroop or undersiind the sitimpttet: chain of thitofiht or follow nteeosfilty itn itementtry process 'of reoanoing; tt'ittr is he iti a condition of mind litting himt to- comprehend or retain, foir may consecutive settolds, ttie tat line of ani interesting story, understandni shnph* toeiolotion of liites, or itivroliet of -fties. The attempt, partiettirly if it he i sustained ine,ta moaster find converge fihe otten lon to Ithe snhject which he is trytig to scize very frequently ht-t creases the preeoisting conftitnii of initiio, prm. 'ittcint eveitity phystica sensations of tpin, te ittd', and f ieactihe.-Discuses ofthc llroin lottULAI t Strlutts.-Sonit itnieniott rhymter has pilced the tfolloiwing sagyiig in poetic order, the opposites itn juxtnpositiiiit As wet is a fish-is iry its it hone i As live as it iiri -t dead as ia stonet it ti As plump its tn partridge-as poor ino it rat; As strong Ra it horse-tt5 weak as a vat,--; As hard its it flint-t s Soft irtS it stle I As white i s itlily- as black -o s iu coal As plain its it pikestlfi-us rough io n heart As tiht as ii Brunt -its free as the atir , As henry on ltlid-os tight is a feather As steady 0s thne-tneertnit, its ieeatter Anitot tts iniettn-it ot'ittiototogt As gay ti it lark-as sick ais a dog , As soiw rit it tortaisi-ito swift its the triit n At ttou as the goiipel-ns tfise as mankiiid As thin its it hirring-as tt. it it pie As proud it a ipeacock-as blue its a trig At oirvige its tigers- its siid ts titi re As atti its i poker-ot liIIp on i glove As blind as a but- as :lest us n post ; As eiiit n a cutcmber-its wortm its it toast; As red is a cherry-tis pail ts it ghost,t itosts ORt rott i l t.rtoi.-L think I tore litt on oroy i, strike resiti so as to place thiei within the reach of every one. Those wito can obtain cuttings now can hta it blaze of bloom next summer, and sote can toit, provided they othtrve the following instructions:-At toot as the cuttings ore propored, place thein ii tlayers in boxes or pans, onul onry with toist saitdi; lattice them so as to get i hottomtteat of shout 70 ie crees, nt itttter whether an pipes, ilie, or tong. OThe only thint thing to genrdagaintton n fine is getting ttie sitd too dry, so as to shrivel ieto ; for the secret of striking cuttings fi this way is to prevent loss of sap tiy evaporation. t line are pinced ot top of aon utndergrotnd floe, in -a tin, with sen-kite, -and covered with leaf soil to pre. vent the sait drying. After tiing io placed for a week, and to my surpriuo and delight found all clitised. I telieve many hard-wooded things thtit ore now considered diiticult to pooptgate toy te struck it this way. I ait now trying expert ments ott other things, ontwhich I hope to report hereniter:-C'rrenpoilntt of the Cardetnero' Chronicle. Tiut Itousit oi Coototi tn T"os" nY A tCHtic,,s.ty -An enterprising riFTrech photo. grapher, previous to itte prorogation of Par tiamient, ritthlishedhimself t nl his tcilii ooi eery" Ont the river terrace in front of tie llot-c of Comttotits, with the iiew of inducing the niembers to have their portraits tiken for i partiunentaryi i to um,r' _ to contain th' etilgiet of the 654 honorablo gentlemen. \YVhenever ifth little Frenihman behild a member, Ie rushed up to him, took oil his (the member's) hf t, placed hint in n ptitttiot ini front of bit machine ind beseeched him, in the worst itmagi othio English, to stand at otoe 'fr just one small moment:-it" It wat pleasant to witness tie genial ttnner in whichithe legislative mind en tent itelf, tnd submitted to the importunities of thtt artist. 'ftire toWas tf course, nothing to play, which perhops iecounts for the success which has hitherto nitileed the ltnrttoittntory albumt Britiohi Jtetrnal of Pihotography Consw.itt, tririttalti--State of Otto Cornwili Hospitat tnil = itflronary for the week tnding Novrnuber 16th, toot M= intes. rem ales. TiSta ]tniontine .i . ........ 02 ... it ... 80 Store niliittloil.0..... * .. 0 ... i Total ...........07 ... 8 ... C5 Disiharged .......... . ... i *.. 8 A ped -:..... ......... ........... 1 0. O .. Remaining ........ 50 .. G .. =S Out-door- patients treated during the week . .t Surgeon= Suiperttntendent. 