Amongst the Tones of interest to which the public will anxiously turn on the arrival of the next European mail may be mentioned the course taken by Louis Napoleon in connection with the tremendous attack made upon his Imperial Majesty by certain French prelate It was scarcely credible that the autocrat of' France would submissively bow to the spiritual denunciations launched against him before all Europe, although the question will arise in what way will he put down his assailants ? Prefects may thunder and proscribe, but prelates in this respect are more than a match for prefects, and how are turbulent ecclesiastics to be dealt with, so as to destroy the effects of their agitation ? It is not to be supposed that His Majesty will send guards of soldiers to arrest offending bishops and clergymen and hurry them off to Cayenne as he would do opposing politicians, neither can he summarily shut them up as he could do objuga tory editors. In fact the priesthood tried fair to be the most troublesome of all the Emperor's subjects ; he cannot make them his friends, he must not make them his enemies ; he is unable to trust them, he is afraid to imprison or banish them, and what the upshot will be no one but himself can tell, and perhaps not even he. Our columns have already informed the public that a very extraordinary pamphlet, entitled Rome, France, and Italy," has been published in Paris, ostensibly written by M. League reformers, but which is believed by many to have been not merely inspired by the Emperor, but actually written by him. This pamphlet, which has produced a most profound sensation throughout Catholic Christendom, treats of the present condition of Italy as revolutionized by the Sardinians and Garibaldi, the effect which the establishment of a Kingdom of Italy must have upon the Papacy, and the course which it would believe France to pursue in the event of any struggle between Italy and the Pope. The tenor of the pamphlet is to the effect that the temporal power is defacto already- abolished, and that it had better be abolished de jure, and be given up avowedly and formally. The pamphlet states that " whilst Louis Napoleon will not sacrifice the Pope to Italy he will not sacrifice Italy to the Pope." Some writers affect to treat these words as contradictory, paradoxical, and evasive, but we must confess that we see in them neither contradiction nor ambiguity. Standing alone, and apart from their context, they are susceptible of a very obvious and a very important interpretation, but taken as a portion of the general argument of the volume, there is one interpretation, and only one, of which they are susceptible. When it is said that the Emperor will not sacrifice the Pope to Italy, we understand it to mean that he will not allow the Revolution to destroy the Church and when it is said he will not sacrifice Italy to the Pope, it means that he will not assist the Church to crush the Revolution. He will assist the Pope against Italy in order to save the spiritual element of the Papacy ; but he will leave the Pope to his fate rather than assist him to destroy the now realized idea of Italian nation- ality. As a faithful son of the Church, he reve- rences the spiritual character of the Holy Father ; but as the representative of political freedom in Europe, he cannot be a party to forge fresh chains for Italy. If, therefore, the Pope abandons his temporal pretensions, the Emperor will uphold him in the exercise of his spiritual jurisdiction ; but not even to save the spiritual rights of the Holy Father will he extinguish the newly-risen life of Italian freedom. That this is the meaning of the writer of the pamphlet is clearly understood by all who wish to understand it, and the Bishop of Poitiers, one of the most daring and enthusiastic of the clergy of France, disclaims the arts of subtar terfuge in dealing with so exceedingly plain a manifesto. In like manner, whilst attacking the palpable sentiments of the book, he despises the pseudonym of its author, and at once indicates, in terms that cannot be mistaken, the Emperor Louis Napoleon as individually and alone responsible. In a charge to his clergy the Bishop, as with a sword in one hand and a firebrand in the other, seeks by every means in his power to arouse the ecclesiastical element throughout France, and events have shown that he has well succeeded. Referring to the progress of the Italian revolution, and to the menaces directed against Rome, the Bishop says : "The Roman Papacy is the keystone of the European world. After having wielded the destroying hammer round all points of the edifice we now see the hand of the most resolute hesitate and tremble at the very moment of allowing this principal stone to fall this sacred stone which holds to all, and to which all hold. We feel it. The day the Pope shall no longer be in his place no power in this world will be safe in his own, and the whole earth will be in com- motion. And according as the fatal hour approaches all will defend themselves against having rendered it inevitable. The catastrophe will be so frightful that no one will bear the responsibility of it, and is not every means invented to throw the crime on the victim himself?" The Bishop's address then proceeds to eulogise and commend the Empress Eugenie ; alludes to the " Golden Rose " which the Pope, having first specially blessed at the high altar of St. Peter's, afterwards presented to Her Majesty and dwells with significant earnest- ness upon the anxious prayers offered up by His Holiness for the Empress at the time of her accouchement. In exact proportion, as the language of the prelate is denunciatory of the Emperor, so does it extol the Empress. If he represents Pilate, sanctioning the crucifixion of Jesus of Nazareth, she impersonates Pilate's wife, beseeching her sacrilegious husband to " have nothing to do against that just man." The mysterious movements of the Empress Eugenie, her visit to England, her alleged intended pilgrimage to Jerusalem, will naturally recur to the memory in connection with allusions and smiles such as those adopted by the vehement Bishop of Poitiers. But we must extract the reference to Pilate (Louis Napoleon) at the close of the Pastoral : Pilate, finding that he gained nothing, that on the contrary, the exactions of those around him were increasing and becoming imperious, and understanding that though he had yielded to every demand of the multitude he was on the point of being led on to the last act of weakness, ordered water to be brought him. He washed his hands, and said I am innocent of the blood of this just man, and having scourged Jesus, he delivered him over to the Jews to be crucified. But has posterity ratified the sort of absolution which Pilate gave to himself? And the washing of his hands, did it make him innocent with ages to come ? Listen ! For 18 centuries there exists a profession of faith in 12 articles, which every Christian lip recites daily. In this summary of our faith, drawn up with conciseness by the Apostles, appear, besides the three adorable names of the divine persons, the name, a thousand times blessed, of the woman who gave birth to the Son of God, and the name, a thousand times accursed, of the man who delivered Him to death! And the man thus branded as the God-murderer- the man tims nailed to the pillory of our symbol, who is he This man is not Herod, nor Cap has, not Judas, nor any of the Roman or Jewish executioners. This man is Pontius Pilate? It is but just. Herod, Caiphas, Judas, and the others had their part in the crime ; but without Pilate nothing would have been done. Pilate could have saved Christ and without Pilate Christ could not have been put to death. From him only could the signal come. ' It is not lawful for us to put this man to death, said the Jews. Wash thy hands, O Pilate Declare myself innocent of the death of Christ! But our ans every, day and night, to the most remote posterity, shall be, I believe in Jesus Christ, the only Son of the Father, conceived by the Holy Ghost, born of the Virgin Mary, and who suffered and was put to death under Pontius Pilate ?'" Appended to the pastoral are the four following ordinances or articles : " Art. 1. We reject, censure, and reprove the accusations of ingratitude, obstinacy, injustice, spirit of party, and other allegations insulting to the Roman Pontiff and to the French clergy contained in the above pamphlet. "Art. 2. We recommend to the faithful to be on their guard against all the impious and calumnious assertions of a part of the periodical press on the subject of the present events examined in their relations with the religion of the Church. "Art. 3. Public prayers previously commanded by us shall be continued as heretofore. We demand of all pious souls an increase of fervour. Prayer has already produced immense results ; let it be continued, and its demand will be fully granted. " Art. 4. Our present charge is to be read from the pulpit at high mass in the parish churches of our city of Poitiers, and in the other towns throughout our diocese, as well as in the other parishes where the priests shall have reason to believe that the pamphlet to which we reply shall have penetrated among the popula- tion Given at Poitiers, in our episcopal palace, sealed with our arms, and countersigned by our Secretary, the 22nd of February, 1861, the, festival of the preaching of St. Peter at Antioch." Of course such a declaration of war against the Rider of France by one of his own subjects is too daring, and its terms too gross to be passed over, but at the same time it is not easy to decide i i what made such an assailant is to be dealt with By way of experiment, therefore, and with a view, we presume, of getting his hand in the Emperor has authorised proceedings to be taken against the Bishop of Orleans, an old opponent of His Imperial Majesty's ecclesiastical ideas, but scarcely so violent an enemy as the prelate of Poitiers. Even in this case, however, the Emperor, who wrote Rome, France, and Italy," under the name of Laqueronniere, punishes the Bishop through means of the Prefect of Loiret. This is convenient as affording a loophole of escape in the event of unexpected and critical results. Were it necessary the Emperor would disclaim the pamphlet of Monsieur, as also he could annul the action of the Prefect. He has not, however, disclaimed the author nor reversed the decision of the magistrate. The Prefect of the Loire has issued a " Circular, '' in which a political ban is placed upon the Bishop. He is to be cut off from society ; ostracised, socially and politically. He is to be regarded by the faithful subjects of the Emperor as a man infected with leprosy ; his vicinity is to shunned, contact with him to be avoided. The Bishop is, in fact, put in quarantine, and all who break through the cordon sanitaire will render themselves liable to seclusion also. The circular sets forth that " the Bishop places himself in the field of political passions, and offers himself as a rallying point for the disaffected." It states that " the attitude of the Bishop appears by the clearest evidence as marked with political hostility." All official intercourse with him ceases. The functionaries of the State residing in the district are positively forbidden to visit with him, and even those who from the closeness of former relations might hesitate to break through ties of friendship are admonished that duty prevails over every other sentiment, and that the Emperor's Government demands an absolute separation from one who has so markedly declared himself at variance with the Head of the State. It were idle to speculate upon the probable consequences of this extraordinary step. To most persons it would have appeared better either to punish the Bishop according to law that is, supposing he had transgressed the law or, if he had not transgressed it to leave him to be dealt with by public opinion. He is not fined, he is not imprisoned, he is not banished, all that is done is to issue a circular warning those who value the Emperor's favor that they must not visit the Bishop of Orleans. But what does the Bishop care for that Then, again, the Bishop's example is contagious, and there may soon be ample work for Prefects. And it will be asked, if Orleans is to be ostra- cised, what will be done to Poitiers? Will the Emperor carry out this principle of ostracism, and prohibit the people of France from having communion with their spiritual teachers and | guides ? It is a poor recompense for his good offices on behalf of the Church. This is all the good he has got by sending his troops to Rome, where they ought never to have gone. But we will say nothing about the past. There is quite food enough for reflection in the foreshadowings of the future. The next mail may bring us important news on this subject, and it is with a view to remind our readers of the present position of the question that we have penned these lines. We close our remarks with an extract from the London Times on the warning circular of the Prefect of the Loire : " But, as taking an interest in the character of the French Emperor, we much wish we could see his object in suffering the publication of this singular manifesto. Mankind create ideals for themselves, and the popular ideal of our ally's character is that he is a wise, crafty, pertinacious, inscrutable Prince. Posterity may not ratify this opinion. A few years may suffice to overthrow it among ourselves. Two great Sovereigns of our day have outlived their reputation. Louis Philippe went off in a fiacre from the Tuileries in 1818 ; Nicholas lost army, navy, fortresses, protectorates, diplomatic influence, dynastic prestige, a few years later. But for the present it is pleasant to refer all that Napoleon III. does to some faculty with which the popular voice has endowed him. We do not want it to be proved by able criticism that Hamlet was short and stout, -with light hair and rosy cheeks. It is not our conception, and we reject it with that intellectual obstinacy which goes by the name of faith. So, we must believe that in banishing the Bishop of Orleans from official society the Emperor has in view some forseen object. But what it is is not easy to discern. One must know little of provincial France who thinks that a Bishop is dependent on official favour, or that socially he cares a straw for the smiles of Prefects and their satellites. Far from needing social support, his in a position to afford it The France of country towns and dull agricultural villages is a realm where clerical influence reigns supreme. The Church has suffered too much to be unpopular. It has satisfied with its blood the animosities of its old enemies. The priests are too poor to be envied, too earnest to be sneered at, too humbly born to be hated by the multitude. In the little towns where the same families have existed since the Middle Ages, and where every body but the young gentleman just returned from Paris for his vacation fasts rigidly on Friday, and gathers his knowledge of men and things from the Monde newspaper, the strength of the Bishops and their 4.0,000 priests lies. And not only these, but the great people of the province, whenever they deign to visit their Ierres, are ecclesiastical to the last degree. It is a mark of high fashion now to uphold the Pope and everything connected with him while to advocate the views of Piedmont and England is commonplace and vulgar. The Government has consequently made the Bishop of Orleans more than the pivot of hostile demonstrations. Nothing could be more fortunate for the Church than a little easy martyrdom, and the Bishop will take care that it shall not be wanting," 