The motion of Mr. Kotton on :.-. ednesday- condemnatory -of'the- policy- of the Govern ment for excluding. Bathurst and Armidale from their ticli^me tV»r railway extension, and pr-ip;i8tng to withdraw the.:- present.- railway estimates in order that those important towns shonld partake. of the benefits. of the extension, intended at the present time to ,! , be.confined exclusively, to the South, has opened up the entire system of railway policy since their first establishment in the , colony. ,V«iy ft-w, we imagine, will be found to question the justice of the claims .:.:'. -'--f-botli 'Armidalo and Uai hurst to the ex 1 tension of the raihrHV to those towns ; and we therefore regret, t hat a partisan spirit has been introduced into tlie debate, contrasting .,: .! unfavourably the advantages of extending the line to Goulburu as compared with Armitiale and liathurst. We do not j-in issue with t-«e Government on the ground of .. any unu^ preference jo the Southern Dis tricts, luli. ying as we dp that the extension of trunk lines to' each ot (he , three great divisions -if the colony, _ at the. present ..time, is. an. absolute, necesmty, and. ihat the Go: ' ' vernment lias iio tight ? to exclude either of them- from its bmefits. It is, of. course, ne cessary to, consider, well what advantages are liki-ly to be derived from the extension p' railways to any particular, locality ; and it: would be absurd tj construct a line to a district where the traffic was so small as to came a dead loss in the capital invested. But; the railways in this colony being tak en put, of, the sphera of private, enterprise and' competition, placed under the management : 'of the Government, and' paid for entirely ?out of the public revenue^ or by loans, coritracted'on the faith !of the public security, the same rule that. we should extend to the faction of a publid company cannot be strictly applied. Tt is manifestly unjust to tax ono portion, of the conimuniiy for public works that, so far from beingva benefit; to, it, must tend' relatively, greatlv to its disadvantage ; and we cannot see what valid argument 'can be brought forward to justify the Ministry in bringing forward a plan, the advantages of which are 'confined' /exclusively to one part of the country. The mere pecuniary profit1 derived' trpm the traffic upon railways, par-- iticularly under the peculiar and exceptional ?circumsUnces under which they,; are con-, structrd here, cannot -be by any means a fair criterion of the great contingent advantages derived by their construction. We'' have frequently,- seen, in, : Kngland, from the op opposition between various lines of railway, that goods and passengers have been con-r yeyed; at ,, exceedingly; low rates, .which, although they affacted the, dividends of the shareholders: were of ereat ; advantage to the public, who ; pocketed the profit ; instead of the proprietors... So it is^ with us, it, is the benefit , w;e; shall derive, on account of the facilities, given for opening np the interior^ and conveying ? jsf oduce at a cheap rate, and within a reasonable time, to and from -different parts, of -the. country, that we should loiik to more: than the actual profit upon the working of the line. No one is more con vinced of tlie advantages to be derived by railway extension to all parts of the colony .than' the . prespnt. Colonial Secretary; and wecannotimagine that he cordially approves of iheplau that his colleague has subniittjed unless his views upon the subject have greatly changed within the last four years.;. The committee moved for by him in 1854 to consider and report upon .-the. introduction of a general by stem of railways throughout the country, presented a report to the House strongly ihsisting..i?pon thd necessity of its adoption. ' Whatever may be tlie costj your committee feel that their (railways) general introduction into the colony ought not -any longer to be deferred.' Mo doubt circumstances have changed since the publication of that report, but the change has been such as to make the .adoption of a general system of railways still more necessity nov than it was at that time. A great increase has taken place both in our wealth and population ; but the -niisraSle state of intercommunica tion, prevents our employing both to the. best advantage and this can only be don-*, not by the restriction of railways to one d ''strict, but by the'. formation of three irroal triinlr Itnno oriirmir ti\ £--ir»li A vi.cidn an equal share in their benefits. It has been said that the present opposition on, tlie part of the Northern and Western' Districts to the Government plan will have the eff ct of preventing all progress in railway extension this year. We see.no reason why such should be the cas^ ; indeed, the inhabitants of the whole colony ara too mucr) interested in the matter to al!ow it to be quietly shelved merely at the piqu* or cuprice of a Minister. Whatever m$y bel;the result of the present debate, .one thing is quite certain, that the people have (fully inade up their minds that railway extension' shall be carried on simultaneously and ' at once to Gnu burn, Bath urst,, and Armidale ; ; and it the pres nt Minis :ry are incapable of .carry ing out the plan, or not disposed to dp so, the sooner they are succeeded by another who will, the better for the prosperity ot the country. , . , It \yas stated: during the discussion arising out of Mr. Holroyd's iniquitous Matrimonial ? 1 -t n ^-. O iri ill #lt..t e+ iw/^m..^^ twit* . «^.««*^w*'a *.^«.J I^vv' vau.-r o jjij'j Mini uiruim yyni pcMUUICU Uf the Catholic Church in certain - cases; in order to correct this idea we make the. following rxtract ;frora the Poor Maris^ Catechism, which lays down tlie doctriue bl the Church upon the subject: — ! I Tt»e matter arid (orm of this sacrament consists in i the mutual consent of the patties, expressed by;, words or signs, when they deliver and accept - f eacli, other's persons fot Hie: for; which reason no ?Jiviurc* from the bond of marriage is allowed, under the'nett 1 law ; and nothiiig but tlie.death of one.of;'the!p«r. . . ties, or entering into religion before the marriage ib' Vm,'.-.:.'- .{/ !'r ' ' '' '' ' V, ? consuniniated, can d'ssolve it. In either case, uie other party may lawfully ma^ry again in the other's lifetime.— Coun. Trent. Sess. 24- c 6. They also engage themselves to an undivided society for life, aud.ctnnot separate irom bedor hoard, without such causes as the jaw assigns. The priest as minister and witness, joins them together, saying, / join you in watrimmy. in Hie name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the holy Ghost. , But alttmigh.theengHg?ment of marriage be so strict, yet there are certain reasons assigned by.the law and trosnel. which mirhnrisp a cpnarnion as to bed and board. The first of these is tlie crime of adulterj; in either party ;, (Matti v. Si.)' in which case our Saviour himself permits a man t'a'. separate from his wife, and distniss -her, if, the .crime, be proved: but even in thatcase the injured' party can not marry another, /till the death of the^other pnr|tN without eommittinK, adultery : Every man yjho dis misses Iris wifei and marries qnotlicr, commits adul tery ; and lie who mirries the woman that was dis missed, commits adulteni wiWi'lier. — ^ulie xvi.' 18.' 1 J ..: - ?'.'?liv.i;-:: ( ? ? From the. time of:. our -Blessed-rRefleemer until (the ; sixteenth, century ~a period of fifteen hundred years — the law of marriagp we have just, quoted was in force among all ?Christian nations, ;'and; since,' that' titnp,'eyen in England— sinking deeper' and'deeper still in thf; darkness of, error, yetr still, illuniihe|d by a, few feeble rays of Gatholic truth --Uie people not entirely corrupted by- the priricj jple'jj'of th^ Reformation have/until thelakt four T7P!»rSirv»Y»tiiinorl tn \ni\lr .:iirvnn: mftrriAiip , as a sacred ins'titutibn ;; but ?ince'the p^fing of the Divorce Act in that c tuntry a decom position of society ,: if we may so express it, has petinjiwhich, unless a remedy issp,eedi|y appjiiid,; will ''shake ,,thej social1 fabric,1. tip:! ijfes vtry foundation, and we- firoily believe will d»- more to destrov the power and greatness of the British ? empire than any political catastrophe* The description we read in; a contemporary of the practice' prevailing in various parts of America with regard ; to marriage and divorce we trust will have the effect of making' bur legislators pausp1 before they commit this country to the operation ' \--f a. law.; which may be the prelude , of the same state of political and sopial-!anarchy hpre which now, exists in, that country,' It appears that the law of divorce now in force (here is of, so liberal a characterlhatit must go farto satisfy Lhe cosmopolitan Meas^eyen of Mr. Wilson, and when a husband and1 wife can get a aivorce merety ou ..uie gnniuo ' that- thVir welfare requires,,a separation^' it ajipears rather a work of supererogntion to go ihrongh the farce of a marriage ceremony at all. Perhaps some phi|os^phtcal inetnber of -the House in the' committee on the bjll may favour us with his views on Gthe advantages of temporary arrangement's, 'arid: move . amendments in accordance with the enlightenment of the. present age, so ai' to obv'ate the necessity of ? marrjugie. However careful the su|')porj:ers; of divorce;' oills here or elsewhere ^lnay be' to dis guise their infamous principles under the^ cloak of a morality which- they do. not-;praie-: tice, we shall- not -be- fur wrong if we say; that their real motive is the gratification of their, own passions, not oaring what, misery they ..-may ii.fl ct upon society, or what mi'is fortunes they may bring upon their country.' If the subject wtr-i net too serious it would be' amusing, to .see the Americans branding eacl) other with the epithets of rtbel and traitor for the infraction of a political a^reeniint,' while at the same time the most' solemn en-: gagernent which is the ve(ry bond of .societjyj can be repud'atfd with the n.ost, seductive facility, the trifling impeiiiments, thrown jin the way being just sufficient to afford! a., little pleasant- excitement to the par*: ties, and to give a z st to the sentence, of divorce; We do sincerVlyf fiope tbjat^ lew persons indeed 'in. tliia, . c.oun try are d'sjrou8 : ..of fbllowihg .,t\iev, examplejj jof America- with regtird to thel^W' ufiniiTriage. Better a-thpusand, timeSjjthiat a small miai-.; ?bet of persons shouid suffer any amount (of ; domestic Iniisery^ t ban the s^bilijty d,f 'spqieUv should, be endatigt'r.t'd, by ^ssifnjlatiogvolur1 marriage law t-- thajtiu force in thatC'mutrjy. The very ??: difficulty of determining1:^ the: '«xact limit of; -off nee atiwhicfe djtvoicej is justifiable,' is .-efficient' to make us pausej and ccmsider well before we-, aduiit,,it, to | be- justifiable in any case. Jt ^p{)e^s tO.ii^haC) tne question: reduces itself, in factitoione, or two; alternatiyos—either^that ^arti.^e.'iis a t-olemn religious' t-ngageme'iit whicli' can jb'e dissolved by'the'd^atli otope p| the^p^tie^j ' and by no other means whatever, or that ,j^ is altcgeiner ' a iubui£ery,[ja''li4ejius'^Q^Aiii a huare.' ??:? ? ? !^ '?? ° '] '» fli) «??;'.'! f- To-.morrovv (Sunday) .ihieij) j.-Giraden the; \rchbiMiop will admiidsfer the' Sa'tran^afipiP Co'n'i firmjation .i'n r-,t.;. 'BeiiHilic-'3 P^rirqj^ivf^^'^njHi^H; mass #t, eleven 'o'.tsW'ck. r.F»-r- 80jn.ftjMaj£|,pl- aipEat}iet^7 Corish and Dwyer-has labo-ire'l inuessantU', To' prepare ..the'chiliiven fcJr 'CfiisAhftl/. Sacrament, and i. very large nuniber.^w.ill b.e, admitted to the pfiyij-i legeof partakmgiof its benefit*, toiiwi jvitVti '? j,.-.. V. '? .'*.;:;]:-;??.'?.) \\) !' » ^ l-'^ bSinifi '??.?.-.?'! ..-c- ;..' ,!:??; ,i: ?;.ii f. ;: u o .iv.^-ioy ,'{r.ii 