BUNKUM FOR DULL TIAeS: ' (to the editor of the tabrangoweb tbjes \ Sm,—We have determined to stop over Christmas, wishing to enjoy another festive season on the spot where we have spent so many. We intend being at" the races whera ' we hope to meet our friends, namely—th' e whnl public. Herewith the full, true, and particular account of a great speech, and other mattera Mind you tip up punctually. ^ Tarrangower, 23rd Dec., 1861, Mr. John Ramm met the constituents' Little Pedlington at the large room of th Opossum Hqtel on Friday evening last Mr. Scooper(areturned officer)wasnominata?" to the chair, but declined on account of a d«i to remain incog. He stated W>;osition important one, and,he felt it. Keu.-.-.^^ : his part was advisable, though, as the disS?p> was represented, and no election pending- De?- haps it was not of consequence. There waTi certain dignity appertaining to his commission which they had perhaps forgotten, bnt he hai not. He had always held the warmest feeliccs towards their representative,' as everybody knew. It was proposed and' carried that Mr Ricketts take the chair, and he introduced to the meeting.. . Mr. Ramm said he_.was proud to"meet his constituents looking tolerably jolly JBeinsin Pedlington,.he thought he might prahatffl cmtribute to their edification for an hour or two ' : now that money was scarce, and cheap, rational m : amuseinen 6 ?till more so., JW.^ii the.Heales lot had tujaedjap their ;toaSs§§iS..,. he had supported them » prevent themop»v forming that feat ; O'Shanassy had tiippecl" :ap Verdon in his arithmetic, and ho.w the vote of want of confidence fl^jjs;duly carried. Dufiy had trumped up a yarn that the occupation. licenses were illegal; but Ireland (whom every knew, from his mining transactions) said they, were not, and they gave- his opinion thenreference, as it accorded with their own. "What could be more picturesque, on paper, than those licenses ? You had only to stroll out into the country, survey the face of nature, select a piece of ground of the .right sort, (that covered with the rich black loamy soil was tht best,) mark out your claim, and in- mining phraseology, "stick in." That was all that was (nominally) required to turn;our-squalid, half-starved population, into fat and prosperous . " chawbacons," and yet a certain section of the masses still growled. It was objected that your claim could be jumped, and the occupant deprived of his (w) hole ; but it was -not so, as any one might find out, if they only, tried it Mr. O'Shanassy had made a great fuss about tli&attempt; by the late ministry to introduce protection, which -was just because they fed taken 15 per cent from some articles and popped it on to another, more to appease the cry of protection to native loafing, than anything else. A great handle had been made of American . brooms ; but if such articles could be manufactured in the colony, a great source of em-, ployment would be afforded, and foreign besoms could be clean swept out of the market. It had been thought, that by measuring the extent of wharfage accommodation, and dividing the number of feet occupied by each proprietor,, by the quantity of chests of tea and bags of sugar landed weekly, some equitable arrangement could have been arrived at, which, while it would not hurt the miners, might be of signal benefit to other classes ; but the thing got jumbled up, and what between going too far fur some, and not far enough for others, the . ministry one fine night dropped 1 through the; trap door which had be.en impatiently yawning~ f.>r th<"m for'sorae time past He had. tried to serve the miners and the protectionists at the same moment, but it was the old story, about the impossibility of pleasing two masters, and so he had f mud it The struggle for seats on the Treasury benches was highly reprehensible,, nnd. until representatives would forego tfie ' teinfitatifrns of paltry «m«lumeii^r'legWitibn:"" would continue a mere secondary piece of business ; for, first, .men looked to their own ; interests, then to those of the country. The present ministry talked of giving a bonus to every introducer of a new-manufacture. This might not be so bad, if it could be confined to nsefiilpindertakings such as paper or woollen mills, and so forth • but, by- and-bye, you would have fellows offering to manufacture lamp-oil from sawdust, or ginger beer from soap-suds, or some other equally ridiculous schemes ; and sotlie bonuses, or boni, (the latter must surely bo the plural.) would merge into a mutter of "each; " boning " for himself as much as possible out' of the government long stocking. There was no mining minister now, and that was a gross omission ; for although Humffray might have been a bit of a duffer, yet an inferior official in this- capacity was better than none at all. It could not be expected that the science of statesmanship was to be picked up in a day, and this might account for a good_ deal of the apparent incapability of the late ministiy. The meetine knew his ideas on the laud question, which for the last five years he had been hammering at without being able' to (in) knock (ulate) his ideas into the people's heads, in the way he would like. The Burrumbeet farmers, very naturally, wanted to "cut'up" the neighbouring sqnatter's runs, in order to share in benefits which their older and. more wealthy fellow colonists had too long enjoyed to their own check, and following up this principle, the miners xvho were doing badly, would no:doubt,; petition to be allowed the privilege of "cutting in " with some of the rich claims, the owners of which had been years in reaching the lead a,t aSi', enormous outlay. If they looked at it in the' right light, they would not fail to see" that the one proposition was as just as tlie other—they were equally reasonable. Then what was likely' to be done with tbe Pensions Bill; wonld some, of the present Government, who. had -only served a year or two, and could barely claim the reward, be inclined to throw up' the ghost of a chance of obtaining it, without aTiard struggle 1 Certainly not' O'SbanassyV cry would be justice; to Ireland—and if he. (the speaker) had the settling of matters—that would not amount'to much. If theilinistiy really did possess "all the" talents " of ,the. House, he could only say that Duffy's. land Bill was a fearful misapplication of those talents,' and what could be a more shocking spectacle" than ability put to "wrong puijwses 1 - He could never forget the occupation licenses as -long as he lived, he thought of them by>day aiid dreamt of them by night, and when>hb died (if ever he did)-the cherished letters ; would be fouud deeply scared upon his "very heart. Ho would keep an eagle (hawk) eye upon the Government, and would pounce down upon them whenever he got a chance. He wouia now conclude by thanking them for' the very, quiet and cool way with "which they had treated him aud his remarks. \- : '• ' Tfaffe meeting appeared to be too much "down on its luck " to ask any questions—andafterpsssing a vote of thanks to the chairman— dispersed. ' - ; ".•'••' Tours truly, ~ BILLY BILLIOUS& co 