HORROR: A TBBE TALE. (FtemBlad&oofiMagoastc; for January, 1801./ j 1 was., but nineteen years of age when the Incident . - occurred v hicli ha thrown a shadow over mjr.life ; and, ah me ! how many a weary year has dragged ; by since then ' . Voting, happy, and beloved I was : in those lone-departed days. They said that I was beautiful The mirror now reflects a haggard old woman, with ashen lips and face of deadly pallor. Bot do mot fancy that you arc listening to a mere puling lament. It is not the flightof years that has brought meto be this wreck ofmyjfotnicr self had it been so, I could have borne $he Joss cheerfully, patiently, as the common lot of jdl but it was no natural progress of decay which has robbed me of bltom, of youth, of the hopes and joys that belong to youth, snapped tlic link that bound my heart to another's anil doomed me to a lone old age. I try to be patient, but my cross baa beat heavy, and my. hcart is empty and weary, and I long for iJte death that pontes go slowly fo (hose who pray to die. I trill Try mid. relate, exactly .as it happened, the event which blighted my life. Though it occprred many yean ago, there is no fear that 1 should have forgotten any- of the minutest circumstances : -titgy ; were stamped on my brain-too dearly and bnniingly, like -the brand of ->al red-bot -iron. - I -see them written in the wrinkles of my brow, in the dead whiteness of my liair, wliicli was a glossy brown . once, and bus kuown no gradual change from dark < to grey, from grey to vrtnteaa with those happy ones who - were the -companions i«f ; aty giriliood, and whore honoured-age is soothed by the lore of children and grandchildren But I moat not envy them. X only meant to say' that The difficulty of my task has no connection -with want ed memory — I remember Lpt too well. But as I take the . pot, my hand trembles, my head swims, the old rushing uintness and Horror pomes over me again, and the well- remembered feap is upon me. Yet I will go on. This, briefly, is my story. ; I was a great heiress, I believe, though I cared Jjttie for the foot, but so it ' was." My father had great possessions," and ho son to inherit after him. His three daughters, of whom 1 was the youngest, were to share the broad acres among tliero. Ihave said, and truly, that I cared little for this circumstance ;' and, buleed, t was so rich then in health "and youth and love, that . 1 felt myself quite indifferent to all else. The possession of all the treasures of earth coold never have made up for what I then bad — and Jos as I am about to relate, pf couree, .we . girls knew that we were any the fmmder or the fiftppier on that account. - I knowlwusnot. Heginpld did pot court me for my money. Of that" I felt assured. He proved it . jleaven be praised ! when lie shrank from my side after the change. Yes in all. my lonely old age, I can still be thankful that he did not keep bis word, ns some-would bava dpne, did not clasp at the altar fi hand that he had learned to loathe and shudder at, because- it was foil of gold— much gold ! At least he spared me that. And I know that I was loved, and She knowledge has kept me from going mad tlirongh.mpny a weary day and restless night, when my hot eyeballs had not a tear to died, and even to weep was nluxury denied me. Our house was an pld. Tudor mansion: "My father was very. particular -ur fcpeping the smallest 'peculiarities of Lis home "pnalteied. Thus the many peakes and gables, the numerous tuxreia, and the mutlioned windows with their quaint lozenge panes set in lead, remained very nearly as tbey hod keep three centuries back. Over apfl above the qhainf tnelsbcholy cf tu -dwelling, vrith the deep woods of its park and the sullen Waters' of the meri, was thinly peopled and primitive and the people .round its were Mmorant. and tenacious of amnent ideas and . toadKfons. Tlms4t was a supsretitioiis ahnosphere Mtabwekbildren were reared-in, and webeud, from our infancy, counties tales of honor,' home mere fables duubtlma, others legends wf dark deeds of the olden time, exaggerated by creduUty andthetove of tbe- piarvfellou«. Gnr mother had died whoi we were young, and our other parent being, though a kind fother. mnch absorbed iri. affairs of various kinds, as an active magutrate and landlord, there was nonone to sheck fbe-'nnwfaolesome stream of troditidn With vriiich our "pladrc 'minds were inun dated, in the company of nurses and servants. As -yeam went on, Tiowever, the old 'ghostly tales partisliy. lost tbrir effects, and our -undisciplined . .grinds were turned piore towards balls, dress, and parthers,and other matters airy 'and trivial, more WdpomO' to cur iiper age. It -was ata county assembly that Reginald fund I 'Jiret met — met and Med. Yes, f am eate that he loved me with all Jiu' heart. It waa not as 0eep a heart as some, I have thought tn my: grief "and aheer ; bnt I never jlojihted its truth and honesty. Begidd's father ttnii miniraMroped of mrErowingattscbment ; and a for myariL I know I was so happy then, that' I look hack upon those flertfaig moments as on some driiciotts dream. 1 now come to the chapge. Ihave ,. lingered en rny childish reminiscences, my bright \- 1 -and happy youth, and now I must tell the 'rest— the blight ana the sorrow. It was Christina always a1 joyful and A hospitable time in the country, " ps jiecaally in such an old Kal| aa our home, where fiimmt rastnmtUCThcs'Veretelang to, as part and . Torcdcf the Very dwdlfngiwrif. TSieiiall was fall of guats— to :,fml, v(hd; "that there waa'grekt 'dittcbuy tn'provvlingsVc|iing:iaccaiinnodation.ibr all -Sevjeral narrow, and dark , riiauibera fol the .Isntlseieiisjlski as we irreverently called "WBal had'bi thought good Mmugh lbr the stately getAletnsn of Elizabetlfe r.ign-i-vrere'novr allotted to bachelor yiaHors, ;afbw !>rihg empty .for a pentury. —'AIT the, oparo rnonin in the body aniLwlngS of the hall were occnried .ofcoqrse v-y d the servants who bad been brdwgU «hwn werewojged at the form and pt the-teperls, so jrest was the demand /or space. At last tfii unaroerted arrival pran elderly rdalive, ' who had, been mkBd'nTOntbsbefore;fcut riin&y-ex-; \- My ahhts west: hywrafgmK- tbcirlMnffif distractedly. .'Lady bprySrs' ot cool tormsvritli ui'alL' pttjceonnt of somefahtriplaSflrbat. wslight whra she bad paid her'J ririt, BbouS;the T f gy:Tigtening. Bhe was aeventy years old ; iwss <flegaef-mtoy&vony-;«untahsa doqo Apnt hlaigarewto toprii'Ry irioquent on the eub- ject. "Uicr'e isn't "a room lpt," die said;" pws fever anything so unfiirtunate S -We cannot put dear dhowdiytifDh! .A|ber 11 uiese years of pstranwfo wiS ftn3T'wBt''a liunffiSd iSoiisand in tiie ibe y ea to be ,dooe I -Jtfy auntecraM not gtqgii thqr oyTi riuqnhera tq.lAdy Snddliu, jxtcaasMhsyAa d Slready gi rsnthan qp : to some of' \- ousBASi Utonulyig2q',ssiH methodical. . Hi sisters-m-law dared not propone to shifiSiW harterswnd indeed -lie- vrimhl have faf" dined on jiriiih fare Titan have been trans- Jstrd tow strange tod. The mattcr ended in my girintto my room. Yhaa'a Wrahge rriactance to making tlie offer, .Jw hich sniprisedmyzrif. Was it a - boding of evil to cornel I cannot eay. We are ctrangely nud.Wqnderfully tnade.- lt snny bate' bei-n. Atatiyrato, I |iqiottiUnkit wasany ri-: fob unwillinastto sdsIki pld and infirm lady comfortablb hy a trifling eacrfloe. I waa perfectly healthy and strong." The weather was not cold for the time of year. It , was a dark .moist Yule— not a snowy one, though ehow hrooded overheed in the darkling clouds.' 1 did make the offer, which becamc me, I-aaid with a langh, as tlie yonngeet. My sisters laughed too, and made a jest of my 'evi dent wish to propitiate mj>godmotiier. . "She is a fairy godnwther, Bosa," said Minnie ;.,"and yon know she was afmmted at her chriEtehing, and w ent away muttering vengeance: ' Here she is commg bad: to see you ; I hope she brings golden gifts with her— I thought-little of Lady ffpridburstand her possible golden gifts. I cared nothhig -for this wonderful fortune in the funds' that my aunts w liis. pcred pud nodded, about so mysteriously. But, since then, I have wondered whether, had- 1 then shown myself peevish or -obstinate, had 2 refused to give up .my room for the expected kinswoman, it would not have altered the whole of .my life ? Bet then, Lucy or Minnie -would jiarc. offered in niy stead, and becu sacrificed — what. do 1 say ? — better that tile Mow should have fallen as it did, than on those dear ones. - Tbe cbaoiber to which 1 removed was a dim httle 'triangnlar room in the 'western wing, and was only to be reached by traversing the picture gallery, or by mounting a little flight of- stone stairs' w-hirii:. led directly '"rupwards from the low-browed arch of a door that opened into the garden." There was one more rodjn on the same landing-place, an'dlbis was a mac receptacle for broken fumitnrer shattered Toys, and till the lumber that aid aecnmnlate.in a country house. .Tbewoom I was to inhahit fev a few nightii -was a'tapestiy- hnng Bpsrtmcnt, with faded green curtains of some costly stuff, contrasting oddly vrith ia hew carpet and . the bright frtoh hangings 'of the bed, W'hicli had been hurriedly erected. The furniture was; half old, haU new, and on the dressing-table stood a' very quaint'nval mirror jn"x frame of black Wbodcii- poliAed ebony, -Itbink. 1 can Jitmcralkr the very pattern ofthe, Carpet, xhe.mimber ofcbsln- the sita- ation of the bed, the figures on the tapestry. Nay, l ean recollect not only the colour of the dress -I were' on that fatal evening,- but the arrangement of eviery scrap -of lace and -ribbon, of every .flower, .every jewel, with a memory but too perfect: Scarcely hadmy maid flnidied qureadlnff out niy ' various articles of attire for the evening (when there was to be a great dinner party), when -the 'ramble of a carriage announced that Lady Speldhnret Lad - tmraL. The short winter's day drew to . a dose, -and a large number of guests were gathered together in the ample drawing-room, nronnd .' the blaze of the wood lire, alter dinner.' Mylather, I Tecoilect, was not w ith ns at first- There w ere some squires of the hard-riding, hard-drinking stamp still linger ing over their port in the dinmgroom,and,thehoEt,' of. coarse, corild not leave them.' ' But theladiia and all the younger gentlemen — both -thoto 1who elept under our roof, and those who would ' have a dozen miles of fog and mjre to encounter on their." road home-— were altogether: Need I say.that Reginald was there ? He sst hear ine-roy aoeepted lover, my plighted future husband. IVe were to be married inthe spring. My sisters were not for off ; they, too, had found eyes that sparkled and softened in meeting theirs, had found hearts, .that bra1 " spotnive to their own. And in "their cases, no mile frost nipped the blossom ere :it became the fruit ; there - was no canker in their - flowerets of young hope, no cloud in their sty. InnocenFand loving, they were beloved by men worthy their cstpem. Tile roonq olargeand lofty one;" with an arched roof, bad somewhat of asbmbre charadreTrbm being wainscoted aitd ceiled wtthjiolished black oak pf a great age. - Many lights were burning but the blackness of the walls and roof setmjed absolutely to swallow vip their niya| like the month of a cavern. A bandied candles could not have given that , apart ment Hie cheerful lighbiessef a jnoderaTdrnwing- room. -Bat the gloomy riclinees of" the panels matched w ell with the "ruddy gleam from the enor- - mons wood fire, in which, crackling and glowing low Jay the mighty Yule-log. -Quite- alduod-red iostce poured forth fnanThe fire, todqaiverEdoo the walls and the groined rool We bad gathered round the vast antique bcartb in a wide circle. The quiv ering light- of the fire and candles fill upon iib all, bnt notcqnally, for some wert In shadow. I remember stiil how tail and marily . and handsome Reginald looked that night, laUcrby the head Than any there and foil of -liimi s()irits and gaiety, I, too, was in the highest spirits ; never had my bosom felt lighter, . and I believe it was my ' mirth which gradually gainedthe rest, for I recollect what a blithe, joyous dremed in grey silk and wearing a quaint head dress, tor spotless lace, old-fashioned jewels and prime neatness pf array, '-were -well -aimed to the intelligence of her face, -with its thin Kpe, and eves of a piercing -Mack, undimtaed by .age. . Those eyes made me uncomfortable in - "spite of my gaiety, -as they followed my every movement with, curious scrutiny. Still X was .very 'merry abd gay; my sisters 'even, wondered nt : my eveiready mirth, i which was almost -wild in its excess. I have heard . of the Scottish belief that, those "doomed, toTwme . great Jaalamit become /to, -and bra never tsbdis- posed for memment and laughter as just before the blow foils. If ever mortal was/qr, tiien I was so on that evening. £611, though ! strove to riiake it a£ the pcxtinaaeoas .observation of old Lady Sjrid- hurst's eyes did make , an impression on me of a vaguely "disagreeable nature. Otbere, too, noticed her scrutiny Of me, lint set it down as a mere eccen! triclty of a person always reputed whimsical, to say the least of it. However, this disagreeable sensation lasted but a : few moments. iSdsdinJ jiahre mjr/aSint took bier part in the conversation, and we fonnd ourselves - listening to a weird legend, -which the old lady told' qxteeffipglf jwtiL ' tale led to anottor. Every , one was called io -to -contribute to the public enter- emouology.'ahd witchcraf<cceeded. \B<3'ore we bad made on end of this trik, my father and the other squires dime in,i!and;-Si e Iceased our ghost , stories, aShsmed"" to Bpeak bf " such matters before these new-comers — hard-headed, unimaginative men, who had pa sympathy with- idle tgdL- Ttore was nowa stir andbustlc, Servants were handing round .tea and coffee, -and! other refreshments. Then there waa a littie music and singing. I sang a duett wilhBqginsld, who had a fine voice and . good musical fidlL I remember that my singing was mncb-prsised, and indeed I waa surprised at the power and pathos of my own voice, doubtless due to my -ex cited nerves andtnuid- Then I heard some one say to another that I- was by for the cleverest of the Squire's daughters, taa well as the prettiest. It did not make me vain. I had no . rivah with suy sid-Miwis: ; But Reginald whis pered aome soft food, vordr in my ear, a little before he motmted my home to eet off -home vatds, Whidi, did make w happy and proud. Andto think that the next time we met— but I forgave jum long ago. ' Poor Wagiiuid ! , And,now shawls and: cloaks were' in request/and carriages rolled up to tto >rch, and the guests gradually deported. ,At Iast Ho que was," left hut those -yiatora" staying in the house. : 1 Then my fottor, yrhd had been called out to speak. with toe baSliff bf the estate, psme tock with a look nfi aimonmra'hh Lis Jitee. "A strange jrtoiy, I, have joatbeen told" arid to- : herebm.bnenmy bailiff lo - iiffcsftn me <ffms fotofif ftmr of the ctoaeent carps opt . of that iittieftock of SouthdqwiwJtoriiatMeLyi;' andiwhhh arrived in the norih.ibiit two.monlhs asca v And ike-poor creatures Ihave bera destioyed ; in.;ao strange a.manner, for thrir carcasses wre Lotrihly mtmglea:" Most of us pttored- some ex- -prenSou of pity or sniqirise, and some sugges)cd .that " cayitious flog was probably the cnlprit. 'dt -wmild ' seem- so, " raidroy iathcr ; "it certainly mems:-the' work oF«flng.-;<and3-etjaU. the ,tnenjag(ee that; hq dog of such foabriB ctists nezr ns,!whereI:indoea, dogs are scarce, -fescqding the febnlhadE'rtdiies and: the miorting flogs seemed in yards, . yet ho nhegi', wgegnawedond totlen,'for they rimWrlto.maiks of, teeth. -Something has done tins, arri.-haatpro.thdr' : bodies wolflshly bnt apparrotly.it Las (been only to snck the blood, -for little or no :fiesh:>(s jgqne.f'. " How ctrange j " . cried aeverri. voices. : Then feome! of the gentlemen remembmedlo have heard of pases when .dogs addicted thsbeqi-kiUiiigJiadidestRiyed. whale flocks, as if in sheer, wantmess. jpcarpdy " deigthng to tastch morsel of eadndarn wethor.1. My fother shook his Lead,. ."I have heard of encp cases, teq, "A>e, said : " but inince I am. ieniptegj. toftlmilc jtbejmsKae-«f«S unknown ra'emy has been "at work. Tbetreth" Lt a dog bavie' been bupy no 3mfotf>bht tWiritafibeep have beep" iqatilated in a fantastic rmamep, .as Atrange as' Loriible-;' thete Lcartsj In mptrial, haie heete tornl wt, and leftoxL tonmaoesiofiialf-gtiawed. pitch. Old Lady Speldhurst listened with calm in telligent attention, but joined in bane of our 'exclamations. At' length ahe.-said to my father, "Try and ireollc-ct— have yon ho encmy amongyour nejgnbonrs7" My father started; , and knit his' brows: "Not one that I know of," he replied ; ana- indecdlie was anopolar man tod a ldnd'laiidlord. " The mora- Incky yon, " said the old dame, with foie of tor grim smiles. It was now late, and we -retired to Pest before long. One by one the guests dropped off. I was the member of the family eeledbed to escort olA Lady Speldkurst to her room— the room ! bad vacated iu her favour. I did' not much like the office. I frit a rcmurtahle repug- nance'to jny godmothcr, but niy worthy aunts iu- risted so much that I should ingratiate myself with onc who bad so much to leave, that T could not, but comply. The -visitor hobbled up the broad oaken States Kdtively enough, propped on my arm Sbd her lvoiy crirtch. The room never: had looked more gtoud aud pretty, with its brisk 'fire, "modem furniture! and the gay French peper on the wails. " A nice room, toy dear, anil 1 ought to be mnch obliged to you for it, since my maid tolls me it is yours," said her ladyship; - but I am pretty sure yon repent your generosity to me, after all' those ghost stories, and tremble to think of a strange bed and chamber, ch ? " I made some commonplace reply: The old lady arched her eyebrows. "'Where have ttoy put you, child ?" she asked'; "in some cockloft of tlic turrets, ch 7 or to a lumber-room— a regular ghost-trap 1 I -can hear your heart beating -With fear this moment, Yog are -not Ettobp alone." I tried to call up my pride, and laugh off. the accusation against -my courage, Wl the more, per- Laps,becaUse I felt its truth, " Do you want any- tiling more that Irean get yon, Lady gpeldhnrst ? " I qsked, trying to feign a yawn of slcepjnreE, "Die old -dame's keen eyes were upon me. "I rather like you, my dear, " she said, " and 1 liked your mamma'wdl enough before toe treated mc so oliame- fally -about the christening dinner. Now, I know you are frightened and fearful, and if an owl slionld flap your window to-nigbt, it might-drive you into fits. There is a nice little sola-bed m this dressing.-' closet— mill yaur maid to arrange It for you, , and yen ean sleep there snngly, under the pld wjtch'a protection, and then no goblin dare harin 'you, and" nobody will :be a b!t tbe wiser, or qiliz you for being afraid." How little I knew what hung iuthe, balancdof my refusal or acccjitaace of tliat trivial proffer! Had the veil of the future been lifted for one instant! trat that veil is- impenetrable tp our gaze. Yet, 'perhaps, afte had a glimpse, of tiie dim vista beyond, 's/ic who -made the offer; for when I declined, with an affec-ed lsngh, fil.e said, in a thoughtful; Lalf abstracted manner, " Well, well ! we must lake our ton way through life. - Goodi night child— pleasant dreams ! " I left ' her - door. As I crossed tbt- landing a bright gleam came from toother room, whose door was teft 'ajar; it (the light) All like a bar at golden sheen across my path. As 1 approached, the door opened, and my si&ter; Lucy; who had been watching for me, came out. She was already in a white casbmere wrapper, over which her looseded hair hung darkly and heavily, like tangles of sffk. "Rosa, love, " she whispered, " Minnie aud i can't bear tlie idea of j-our deeping out tbire alone, in that solitary room — the very room, too, nurse Sherrard used to talk about! So, as you know Minnie has given up bev 'room, tod come to sleep in mine, still we should so wish you to stop with us to-night at any rate, and Iconld make up a bed on the sofa for myselii or you — and " I stopped Lucy's mouth with a- kiss. I declined her offer. J would not listen to it False shame was -strongest, and conquered. I waved a gay adieu. I tamed tlie corner, and, peeping over my tooUIder, 1 saw the door dose ; the bar of yellow- light was there no longer in the darkness of tlic passage. I thought, at That instant, that I heard a heavy Sigh. I looked sharply round. No one was there. Flo door was open, yet I fended, and fanned with a wonderful vividness, that I did hear an actual sigh hreatlied sot far off, and plainly distinguishable from the groan ofthe sycamore branches, as the wind tossed them to and fro in the outer blackness. 'If ever a mortal's good angel bad cause to sigh, for sorrow, not sin, mine had caure to mourn that night. But imagination plays us strange tricks, and . my nervous system was not over-composed, or., very fitted for judicial analysis.. I had to go through, the picture-gallery. . I had never entered this apartment hy candle light before, and I was struck by the gloomy array of the. tall . portraits, gazing moodily from the canvass on the lozenge- paned or painted windows, winch . rattled to the blast -as ii swept howling by. . Many of the faces looked stech, and Very diflercnt from their! daylight- expression. In others a furtive flickering smile seemed tojnock me, .as my candle illumined them ; -and in oil, tlie eyes, as .usual with artistic portraits, seemed to follow my motions with a .jscratinyand an interest .the more featorce. 1 frit ill at. case under, "(his .stony gaze; though conscious how absurd werexny apprehensions ; tod 1 called up a smile and an to- of mirth, more as if acting a fisrt under the eyes of human iflagg, than of their mere shado» s on the wall. I even laughed as I confronted them. As I entered my chamber, I thought I heard something stir in. tlie. neglected lumhcrraom, which was the ouily neigh-. .Iwnring apartment. But I was determined to Lave no more jianics, and resolutely tout my ears to this alight and transient noise, which nothing unnatural in it ; for "surely, between rats and wind, .an old manor-house on a stormy night needs no sprites to disturb it. So I entered my room, and rang for my maid. As I did so, I looked around mc, and a most naacQoantitole. rngnaace to my temporary -abode came.over me, in spite of my efforts. It was no more to be shaken off than a <diill is to be shaken off when we enter some damp cave. And, rely upon it, thefeeling of dislike and apprehension with which we regard! at first ritt, -certain places sad people; was not implanted in ns without .some wholesome purpose. ..1 ..grant it is irrational — mere atonal jnstmjdinlte not instinct Gqd'sgift, and is it for ns'tbdeqnse it 7. It is by instinct that children knaw their ftienda from .their enemies— that they ditifiiigaito'VriQi such unerring accuracy . between tlipee who like them and thoBe who only foster and bate them. Dogs do "the same ; they will fawn on one person, they slink snarling from . another. Show rue a man whom children, and dogs ! shrink from. aridl will show you a false, bad man — lies on Lis lips, tod marder athishFart. No; let none! despise .the haTea-seit|p& of innate antipathy, which ihakes'the horse quail when the lion crouches in fjte thicket— which makes the cattle scent the toamhles foom afar, tod low m terror tod.dignst as llieir nostrils topS" the blood-poUuted aic. I ftdt this antipathy strongly as I looked aronnd me in my new eleepmg-rdom. andyetlcoulifindno reasonable, pretext "for. my dislike. Avery goodroqmit was, "after all, now that the green damask curtains were' drawn," the fire burning bright and .clear,-, candles! burning ou the mantelptece, ahd thermions famijiar articles of todet arranged as tonal. The Led, too, looking peaceful and inviting— a pretty Jtttle -white Led, potto all the gaunt funereal sort of touch .which haunted ' apartments generally, Lly maid cntered, tod asastefl me.pi lay aside the dress - arid! croamest I had worn, tod arranged' my Lair as', tonal, prattling the while, 'in Abigail "fashion, I Seldom .dated to convose with servants ;' but ou that niglita sort of' dreazl of being left alone— a hinging 'iio .keep some humto bemg near, me— possessed rh% and I encouraged the giri tq.gosrip, so that ber'dutitojtopk her half an hour longer to get tiifough than usoal.' At .last, however, die., had WSTO n, fiw®11 torrho morrow re-: gayLf todyowpdiobeidience to, tod thejtdock.cn tiietprTet "struck .tme. Then Mary, yawning a little, asked ;ri wa'nted anything inore, and 1 was obliged to answer No, for VExy'shame's sake., and she went. The shulting of the door, gently to it was' closed affected tne unpleasantly, T took.a dialike to, the curtaina, .the topestiy, the dingy pictures — er«y-; tiling.."! hated firoom.'..!. tilt a .temptatioit to- put to>' ritok,r )rim lulf-drcsscd . to !, my ' sisterE, chkmbto, .and .say I. hto iditoged jay mind, and. COtne fOrfhriter. Rnlfljily mnnl/ie dWpT fhrj—l., and I jxinld not "toto tokind as |o-wake them. X djgay, prayers wiBi JnriusuaTearnesthess tod ' Ityy -T'jV«Wgm.!hoa n.e tod yeas' just.'nbiml tolaymjyh to jny iailow, vrint !the' ides' seized pie that! wqnld fosten' the floor. The: canffire vrere extitohished, hut the foe-light' vras" I gained ihe'; door.! There was a lockjlto it Was rusty or hampered ; my. utm/tostrtogto.ro)atotam "key. -The holt' "Wtobrohtotofftontiileaa.' Banlkedbfmy intention, X'toadedjDaafJarjitoieinbQig tiito Ihafl never Sfltorgi yed; todretuoied to .toy Led.' of ttoLgtriupg tertoinjjgrtoe. . Xyrga quito! now, 'tod 'trtoe rcomposefl. -Nvto the light pop oFfae- ovglutd dpnp thing toil tod unwonted were abroad. But soon I fell asleep. How long I slept, I never, knew. 1 awoke at "iri, with that ahrapt start which we all know well, and which carries to. in a second from utter -unconsciousness to the toll use of our faculties. The Are was still burning, bnt was very low, and half the room or more waa in deep shadow. I knew, I frit, «» some person or thing was Tn the room, although nothing unusual was to he seen by the 'feeble light. Yet it was sense Of danger that had aroused rne from slumber. I experienced, while yet asleep, the chill and shock of sudden alarm, and I knew, even in the act of throwing off sleep like a ' mantle, tchy I awoke, and that some intruder was present. - Yet, though I listened intently, no sound was audible, except the faint murmur of the fire, — the" dropping pf a. cinder from the bare — the loud irregular heatings ofmy own heart. .Notwithstand ing this silence, by! soma intuition I knew that I bad- not been deceived by a dream, and felt certain that I was not alope. 1 waited. -My .heart heat on ; quicker, more sudden grew its pulsations, aa a. bird in a cage might Sutter in presence of the hawk. And then I heard a sound, fiunt, bnt quite distinct, the clank of iron, the rattling of a chain i 1 ventured to lift my head from the pillow. Dim and uncertain as the light was, 1 saw tlie curtains of my bed shake, and caught a glimpse of something beyond, a darker spot in the darkness. This con firmation of my feus did not surprise me so much as it shocked inc. I strove to cry aloud, hut could not utter a word. The chain rattled again, and this time was louder -and clearer. But though I strained my eyto, they oohld hot penetrate the obscurity that shrouded the other end of the chamber, whence capae the sullen clanking. In a moment several distinct Trains of thought, like many-coloured strands of Thread twining into one, became palpable to my tnectal rision. Was it a robber? couM it be a supernatural visitant? or was I the victim of a cruel trick, such as 1 bad beard of, .tod wbich' some thoughtless persons love to practice on the /tipiitl) reckless of its dangerous "results? And -then a new idea, with some ray of comfort in it, .bnggestfed itself.. ; There was fine young dbg of the NewfohaSland breed, fnvourite of my father's. Which wto nsntoy TLniried by night to to onthousp. Neptune might liave.broken loose, found his way to Vby, room. and, finding the door imperfectly dosed, have pushed it -open tod entered. I breathed more fredy to this harmless interpretation of the noise forced itself upon me. ltwas— jt roust be — tbedog, and I was distzeaang myself "uselessly. - I resolved to call to him ; I strove to utter his name — "Nep tune, Neptune ! " bat a secret apprehension re strained 'at, tod I was mute. Tben the chain clanked nearer tod -nearer to /the bed/and presently I saw a dusky phfepritos mass appear between the curtains on the opposite side to where I was lying. How I longed tobear tile wine of the poor mumal: that I hoped might he. the. cause of my alarm. Rut no ; I heard no sotted save the rustle of the curtains and the clash pf the iron chain. 'Just then the dying flame" ofthe (ire Ipqpfql up, qnd with one gweejring hnrried glance I saw' that' the door was shut, tod,' honor!' it is pot' the dog! it is -the semblance of a hnitori form that now throws itself ' heavily on the bed, bntflde the clothes, and lies there, huge and swart, in the Ted gleam that treacherously dies away after showing so niuch (o affriglit, land sinks into'dull darkneto. " There was now ho fight ' left, t!hotqh the red emders yet gtowad with ' a ruddy gleam; Uke the eyes of wild beasts. The chain rattled ho more. I tried to speak, "1 scream wildly for help ; my month was ptotoed, niy tongue : r€r fused to obey. " T could hot utter a cry, tod, indeed," who could have heard me, alone as 1 was in that solitary chamber, with no liviagheighbonr, tod the picture-calleiy between me and any aid that even the lonoest, most 'piercing .shriek could summou. And the storm that howled without would! have drowned my voice, even if help had been at band. To call aloud.- to'deznandwhowas there— alas ! how useless, how perSotol If the intruder were a rohber, my outcries would -but goad him to fury ; but what robber would act thus? As for a trick, that seemed Impossible. And yet, udiat lay by my side, now wholly unseen? Was it — the dark form with the chain — a creature of this world, or a spectre! And again — more dreadful stall— could it be that the corpses of wicked men were forced to . rise, and haunt in the "body the places where they had wrought their evil deeds ? And was such as these my . grisly neighbour 7 The chain faintly rattled. Myhair bristled; my eyeballs seemed starting from their Bockets ; the. damps of a great anguish were on my brow. My .heart laboured as if I were crushed beneath some vast Wright. "Sometimes it appeared to stop its'frtozied beatings, sometimes its pulsations were fierce and hurried ; my breath come short and with extreme difficulty, and I shivered as with cold ; yet I feared to stir. / moved, it moaned, its fetters clanked dismally, the conch creaked and tijwjr, . '37bia -vifao phantom, tben — no air-drnwit spectre. But its very solidity, its palpable presence, were a thousand times more terrible. I felt that I was in the grasp of what could not only affright, but harm ; of something whose contact sickened tire soul with deadly fear. I made a desperate resolve: T glided from the bed, I seized a warm wrapper, threw it around me, and tried to grope, with ex tended hands, my way to the door. My heart beat high at the hope "oi escape: Bnt J. had scarcely taken one step, before the moaning was renewed, it -changed into a threatening growl that would have suited a wolfs threat, and a hand clutched at my sleeve. I stood motionless. The mattering growl sank to a moan again, the chain sounded no more, hat still the .hand held its gripe of my garment, and I feared to move- It knew of my -presence, then. "My. brain reeled, the blood boiled in my ears, and my knees lost all strength, .while my heart panted like that of a deer in the wolfs jaws. I. sank back, and the btoumbing influence of excessive terror reduced me to a state . of stupor. When my full consciousness returned, I was sitting on on tlie edge of the Jied, shivering with cold,, and barefooted. All was silent, hut 1 frit that my sleeve was still clutched by my unearthly visitant. The silence lasted a longtime. Then followed a chuck ling laugh, that froze my very marrow, and the gnashing of teeth as in demoniac frenzy ;; and then a wafting moan, and this was succeeded by silence. Houra may have passed — nay, though the tumult of my own . heart prevented my hearing - toe clock strike, msst hnre passed — but they seemed ages to me. And how were they spent ? - Hideous virions passed Before the aching eyeathatldared not close, pat which gazed ever into dnmb darkness where It lay — my dread companion throughout tha watches of .toe llight. _ I pictured It in every abhorrent form which an excited fitocy conld summon np : .now ton .skrifteOj with hollow eyeholes and grinning fllesh- lesa jaws;; now as a vampire, with livid face and bloatei fdrm, and dripping "month wct . with blood. Wonld.it nener be light ! And yet, whenday should dawn, ! should -be iSced to nee It face to free. I had heard, that spectre and fiend were compelled to fed® aa rooming" brightened but tbit creature was to real, too foul a thing of earth, to vanish at cock-crow. Noll should seeit— toe horror— fece.tofece! And thto toe reld piwraxled, tod my" teeth chattered, and shiverings ran'throngh m e, ' and yet there was toe damp tpf agony on my bnratingLrow. Some in- rtinrt teade me snatch at a 'shawl or. cloak that "lay ou a chair within reach, and wrap it round me. The moan was renewed, tod the chain jdst stirred. ' Thfeh 1 rank into apathy, like sn lndian at the stake, in the intervals of torture. Honrs fled by,, and Ire. hnunedlike a toatne rffice, rigid and' mate. X even" slept, for I remember that I started to find the cold greylight of An earfy,wwtot>,>W .« P"! rnyjfoce, and. 'stealing arotmd tfee'rnam frDm belnbuuitiic heavy! jCnrtaina iof, the window. Shnddriing, hut urged, by the impulse that rivets the gaze lof the bird upon ". the snake, I turned to nee tire Horrocuf toe night. ,Yes, it was no fof end dream, no halhirina-l Bon vff sickness, no aiiy phantom unable to face the | dawn,' ' Ih thewickly fight -1 raw it lying ontoebed, with its grim head on tlic pillow. Amah? Or a corpse arisen from .its ; nnhallnwed grave, 1 and awaiting toe demon that animatsd rt? "There it fay: -a gannt gigantic form, w&stedto; a skrieton, half cfedj'foni Vrith dnrt andclotted gore, ifeLniS® Ihnbs fitog upon the coudi!aB if it ytodton, . tts shaggy ti«'ir frfrei.'iroiigViver aie'f pfilows like a Ml mane. Its face Waste wards inc. Oh,ttiewild hideousness ofthat fere, even iu deep i In' features it washuinan, tiirdugii ite horrid mask of mud and h&lf-dncd; "hd katogdy fitote j';, "tlih ;Srhite "fetoh were risible ! betweto ihe partedlipis, in : a malignant - grin the.- titttij mWI Kftjairf.igerc aaSxea in Iftonme -con». rfickrp-flMgnniig tiu laow; 5bnna tfce' m&ore;'s mat "jras > jing of Sron, to . whito'wraatteched aheavy bto Ltokfii lhaiii— toe ' wfomi'T bat ' /With w second: gtoee; .t»pped yiiat'' iiicSed the" tiiiht thtothe wild jtoa-Pm fite /fdveri fleto— toe pititiSitohtoLroto rorthraito beart to be softened, ' UteOSS'to'viitofe'Larfiipfond, nb efomnasrion, nraJratflUBhtoYeYh fbttn toid the canning. 1| gasped in terror. Ah 1 too mystery of those en sanguine fingers, those gory wolfish jaws ! that fere; all besmeared with hlatoeniog blood, is revealed! The slain sheep, so mangled and rent — toe fantastic butchery — toe print of toe naked foot — all, all were explained ; and the chain, toe broken link of which was fonnd near the slaughtered animals — it came from hU broken chain — toe chain he had snapped, dohbtless, in bis- escape from the asylum where his raging frenzy bad been jettered and bound. In vain ! in vain !. Ah, me 1 how had this grisly Samson broken manacles and prison bars — how had he eluded guardian and keeper and a hostile worid, and come hither on his wild way, hunted like a beast of prey, and snatching his hideous banquet like a- beast of prey, too? .Yes, through toe tatters of lus.mean and ragged garb I could see the marks of the severities, cruel and foolish, with which men in that time tried to tame the might of madness. The scourge— its .'marks were, there ; and the store of the. hard iron, fetters, and many a cicatrice and welt that told a dismal tale of .harsh usage, But doit he was loose, free to play the brute — the baited, tori tured brute that they had' made hhn-tow without toe cage, and ready to gloat oyer toe victims his strength should overpower. Horror ! horror! I was toe prey — the Tictim — already in the tiger's clutch ; and a deadly sickness tome over m«» and toe iron entered into my sold, and I longed to scream end wasdumb! -I died a thousand deaths as that awful morning wore on. I dared not faint. Rut words cannot paint what I suffered as X waited waited till the moment when he should open his eyes and be. aware of my presence; for I was assured he knew it not. He had entered the chamber aa a lair, when- weary .and gorged with his horrid orgie ; and hb had flung himself down to sleep with- out a suspicion that he was . not alone. Even his grasping my sleeve was. donhtiess . an act done be twixt sleeping and waking; < like his unconscious ptoans and laughter, in some frightful dream. Hoots .went ou ; then 1 trembled as- 1 thought that soon the house would be astir, toaYmy maid would come to call me as usual, and awake that ghastly steeper, .And might he not have time to. tear me, as be Lire The sheep, before any aid could -arrive T - Ax.Iast what ! dreaded came to pass — a light footstep ion the landing — there is a tap at the door A pause succeeds, and then the tapping is renewed, arid this time more loadly. ' Then the madman stretched his limbs and uttered moaning cry, unit l, . s eyes slowly opened— very slowly opened, and met mine. The girl waited awhile ere she knocked for toe third time. I trembled lest she should open tha door jonbidden-T-see that grim thing, and by her idle eereams arid terror bring about tha worst. Long before Btrpng men could arrive I knew that I should be dead— and what si death"! The maid waited, no doabt surprised at my unusually sound slumbers, for I was in general a light sleeper and an early riser, hut reluctant to deviate from habit by entering without permission. I was still alone with the thing" in man's shape, but he waa awake now. I raw toe wondering surprise in his haggard bloodshot eyes ; I saw liim. stare at me half vacantly, then with a crafty yet wondering look ; and then I saw toe devil of murder begin t peep forth from those hideous eyes, and the tips to part as in a sneer, and the wolfish teeth to bare themselves. Bnt I was not what I had been. Fear gave me a new and a desperate composure — a courage - foreign to my nature. I had heard of toe best method of man aging the insane ; . I could but try ; I did try. palmly, wondering at my own feigned calm, I fronted tfae glare of those terrible eyes. Steady and undaunted waa my gaze — motionless my attitndo. I marvelled at myself but in that agony of sickening, terror I- was outwardly firm. They sink, they quail abashed, those dreadfttl eyes, before toe gaze of a helpless giri ; and the shame that is never absent from insanity bears down the pride of strength, the bloody craving of the vrftd beast The lunatic moaned and drooped hit shaggy head between his gaunt, squalid' hands. I lost not an instant 1 rose, apd with one spring readied the door, tore it open, and, with a shriek, hishpd through, caught the wondering girl fay the artn, and, crying to her to ran for her life, rushed like the wind along the gallery, down" toe corridor, down the stairs.; 'Mary's screams filled toe hense as she fled beside me. I heard a long-drawn, raging cry, the zoar of. a wild animal mocked of ita preyj and I knew what was behind me. I never turned mv head— I fiew rather then ran. I was In foe-tall already ; there was a rash of mapy feet, an outcry of many voices, a sound of scuffling feet and brutal yells, and oaths, and heavy blows, and l foil to the ground, crying, "Save me !" and fey in a swoon. I awoke from a delirious trance. Rind faces were aronnd my bed, loving looks were bent on tee by all, by my dear father and dear aisterft; tmtlscarceiy a&w; them before I ewoaned ; Wfeeril recovered -from that lonf illnes, through vhiebj fekdHooti aumd mo tendon jlyj tt'o pitpaf looks met made me tremble. Iund loi tlookiogliss. It was Jong denied toe, bixt myimportuxiity pre wailed at last— a minor waa brought. My youth was gone at one iell avoon. The glass showed age a livid sad haggard face, bunched and bloodless as of one who sees a spectra ; and in the ashen lips,- and wrinkled brow, and dim eyes, I could trace nothing ofmy old self! The hair, too, rich and jetty before, was noxr as white as saoir, osd in oce nigbt the ravages of half a century had passed over xny faoe. Nor bare my nerves ever recovered their tone after dire shook. Can you wonder that xny life was blighted, that my lover shrank from me, so sad a wrack: -was I ? I am old now-old and alone. My sisterowould have had me to live with them, but I rh?BB not to sadden their genial homes with my phantom face and dead eyes. Reginald mauied another. Hehae been -dead many years. 1 never ceased to pray for him, -though he left me when Iwes bereft of alL The sad wciri is nearly over now. I an old, and near the end, and wishful for It. I have not besn bitter or hard, but I cannot bear to see many people, and am best , alone. I liy to do what good 1 can with the worthless wealth lady Speldhoret left me, for at my wish" my jiprtioQ was shared between my sisters. What need had X of inheritances ? — I, the shat tered wreck made by that oue night of honor ! 