NEW BAPTIST CHUftCH. On Thursday evening, December 19. the recog nition service, in connection with the call to the pastorate of the Rev. Silas Mead, M.A., LL.B., over the Baptist Church now worshipping in White's Rooms, and his acceptance of the same, took place at White's Rooms. The room was not filled, but there were about 500 persons present. There were upon the platform the following ministers:— The Revs. Isaac New (Baptist), J. Lyall (United Presbyterian), C. Man- thorpe, W. Wilson, F. W. Cox, J. Jefferis, and H. Cheetham (Independents), Silas Mead, G. Stonehouse, Buttfield, Tuck, Evans, and J. Hannay (Baptists). The Rev. G. Stonehouse presided. After singing a hymn the Rev. F. W. Cox read part of the 1st chapter of Paul's 2nd Epistle to Timothy. Prayer was then oflered by the Rev. Wm. Wilson, and another hymn was sung. The Rev.C. Manthorpe then addressed the assembly. He expressed his pleasure at seeing that the Church had found a pastor in whose Christian character they could confide, and he trusted, that the union which had been formed would be long continued, and that the Great shepherd would bless it with the outpouring of His Spirit. The topic on which he had to speak to them was ' the special means which the Churches of Christ in this city should adopt in order to secure the salvation of those lowest sunk in sin.' He dwelt on the forms of evil which presented themselves wherever men did congregate, and especially in large cities; and asked what was to be done to bring those who refused to attend the means of grace to a knowledge of the Gospel. It behoved them to give the spiritual condition of those who were sunk in sin the deepest consideration, and they would not be true to their God were they not to endeavour to convey the Gospel to such individuals. He con- fessed he had great diffidence in suggesting any means by which it could be done: but after much consideration he had come to the opinion that domiciliatory visitation was by far the best and most useful means. If the people. would not come to them they must go to them, and they must go out into the highways and compel them to come in. He recommended pastors and deacons to select a number of their members,both male and female, to visit those who had not received a knowledge of God, and to induce them to come within the sound-of the Gospel. And then when any individual was brought to attend the sanct- uary he should be welcomed as a brother, and not be spurned and reproachfully looked upon by the members. The right hand of fellowship should be held out to him, and he should be shown that they took an interest in his eternal welfare. They should also sympathize with the trials, griefs, and sorrows of such people. They must pray with them, and for them, and though they would have to wait for some time the blessing would ulti- mately come. If they were not weary in well doing, in due season they should reap if they fainted not. The 680th Hymn was here sung, after which The Rev. G. Stonehouse said the duty devolved upon him of addressing a few words to the Church and congregation worshipping under the ministry of his friend Mr. Mead; and he had selected as the basis of his remarks the charge delivered by Paul to the Church at Philippi, and which would be found in Philippians, 2nd chapter and 14th to 10th verses. He dwelt withi great force on the essentials necessary for the formation and support of a Christian Church. He thought the first essential was that of deep earnest personal piety. The mem- bers and congregation must also have considera- tion for their minister— they should hear him regularly as an instructor, and should have respect for his official position. They should also do what he enjoined so long as his rule was in accordance with Scripture truth. The Church was able to pro- vide for the temporal wants of its ministers; for they were not pensioners, but labourers, and a labourer was worthy of his hire. He also referred to the duty of seeing that union should exist be- tween the members of Churches— union which would secure harmony, strength, and peace. He dwelt on the duties of the members of a Church in their consistent conduct— in letting their lights shine in the moral universe as the sun and moon shone in the natural heavens. He concluded by earnestly urging them to be a working Church and to consider the thoughts which he had suggested, and which, he said, they could not be too familiar with. A verse of the 76th Hymn having been sung, the Rev. Mr. Hannay, in a lengthy speech, dwelt on the duties of the deacon's office. He said the office of deacon was of Divine appoint- ment, and he urged on the deacons of that Church many of the duties connected with their office. The first requisite, he thought was a profound interest in the preaching of the Gospel, and a deep, sympathy with those who preached Christ and Him crucified. He also touched on the duty of the dea- cons to sympathize with, to advise, and to sup- port the minister, to visit and converse with en- quirers after salvation, and to maintain the purity of the Church by the exclusion or expulsion of those who might dishonour it. Another duty was the one of Church finance -a rock on which so many Churches had split and on which so many ministers had been wrecked. In conclusion, he urged them to seek out men for the office of deacon of good report and of wisdom, and who were filled with the Holy Spirit A part of the 62nd Hymn was here sung. The Rev. Isaac New followed with a powerful address, necessarily contracted by the lengthiness of the preceding speeches. He said if he could have his wish, he would close the meeting at once, as the evening was so far advanced. He. however, had a duty to perform, and he hoped they would isten to him while he made a few remarks. He then proceeded to address the Rev. Silas Mead, remarking that it was in compliance with that gen- tlemen's request. The demeanour which had been exemplified by him since their intercourse had led him glady to comply with the request to say a few words to him on that occasion. lie referred to the imposing position a minister occupied ; its duties were awful, and its responsibilitieswere solemn. He beseeched his friend not to enter upon his duties in his own strength, but to place his help on the God of Heaven. He commended the character of Barnabas to him— a man who was eminent for everything that was embraced in the word good- ness-goodness such as God approved. The fruit of the Spirit was in all goodness, and he besought his friend to be filled with that goodness. To Iw tilled with the Holy Ghost was not an cxclusive privilege— his friend could just as well be filled with it as was Barnabas. It only showed what the Spirit could do, and what He was willing to do: He could do for him exceeding abundantly above all that he could ask or think. Barnabas was also full of faith, and that accounted for his being full of the Holy Ghost while his being full of the Holy Ghost accounted for his being full of faith. Faith received the Gospel, which led to intercourse with Christ and communion with the Holy Ghost. He impressed upon Mr. Mead's mind that eminent piety was the only effectual guarantee of success in his work. The testimony of his own heart would not comfort him without piety ; the scene around him would be cheerless and dark. He might feel perhaps assured thaf his efforts were being successful, but without true pietyno sub- stantial success would follow. He told his friend he must enter on the arena with his loins girded; like unto a man bent on victory. There must be zeal, devotedness, prayer— earnest and sincere prayer— but there must also be faith and the simplicity of a little child. That would make him great and the only form' of great- ness which would survive after his death. He explained the mediatorial office of Christ and, said it was by that means only that reconciliation happens and Heaven could be realized by fallen souls. It would, therefore, be his friend's duty to turn the attention of his hearers to that Christ and fix their gaze upon His saving and redeeming mercy. In proportion as his piety was eminent,so he would be under the dominion of the Holy Spirit. His heart would be brought in delightful affinity to the Divine nature, and if he were successful in reclaiming sinners he would experience some of that joy which imparted raptures to the songs of angels over redeemed spirits. He must not preach with hesitation, but with confidence. He would be guided instinctively almost to preach upon that which would be efficacious in saving sinners by that experience which had been efficacious in his own case. He would not attempt to display his intellectual abilities; he would rather be inclined to hide his head in the dust. He would exhibit the cross, but he would hide himself behind it; he would exhibit the glory of Christ but would not endeavour to set forth his own excellence. His conversation would be, therefore, that which becometh the Gospel; no evil communication would proceed from his mouth, but only that which was calculated for edification and instruction. Eminent piety would impart dignity to his character, inasmuch as the outward doings of a man were the expression of his habitual thoughts, and emotions. The dignity and glory of Christ arose from His unblemished fame; His holiness was His tower of strength ; He was calumniated, but the arrows shot at Him fell pointless, and He stood forward in all the majesty of Divinity. It would be the duty of his friend to point out the excellence of Christ— His holiness— His love; and the glorious scheme of redemption which He had wrought for mankind. Without the piety he had alluded to, his friend would be exposed to the snares and darts of the Wicked One; but with it he would be in- vested with all the dignity which man could pos- sess. He pointed out the mass of precious, thoughts which would be introduced to his friend's mind in preaching the truths of the Gospel and the great doctrines of reconciliation. He implored the Divine guidance upon Mr. Mead's pulpit efforts, and entreated him to aspire to that eminent piety which he had pointed out. It would chasten his temper; it would clothe him with dignity, but not make him proud; it would quicken his sympathies with his friends, if they grieved him he would not be easily provoked, and then he would be following the example of his Great Teacher. Eminent piety would give him support under discouraging circumstances. A minister, if he felt himself aright could not isolate himself from the Church. Feuds would occasionally arise. The most trivial cause of strife might swell into a magnitude which would involve the danger of the whole Church. It would be the minister's duty in such circumstances to endure scorn and coldness; he would have to bear indifference, slander, and persecution from those who primarily were his friends. He might have to preach on year after year without hearing a word by which he might know the effect of his labours. Thus a minister might lie crushed down through the want of encouragement. He, however, recommended his friend to put his trust in that Power which would enable him to bear up his spirit amid the most discouraging trials and circum- stances. He impressed upon his friend that the success for which he should crave was not to draw a large congregation, or an amply-filled ex- chequer, but the conversion of souls. Such success could only flow from the excellency of the power of God. Wrestle for His blessing, implore His benediction, seek His counsel, and He would bestow them. God would grant His blessing; He would not withhold it, or He would be falsifying His promises. He warned him against exercising facti- tious devices, and cautioned him against exhibiting any clannish spirit in his religious intercourse. He launched out in strong and vigorous language against the sectarian differences which existed among the various Christian bodies, and prayed for a better state of things. In conclusion, he wished his friend joy. He hoped he would take what he had said in good part. He trusted that he would be a good man, and would see that all his talents, intellectuality, and ability would be of no avail without the goodness and piety which he had spoken of. The doxology was then sung and the benediction implored, after which the meeting dispersed. Paradise Races. — A correspondent says:— 'At a preliminary meeting, held at the Paradise Bridge Hotel on Monday evening, the 16th inst., it was resolved, that the Paradise Races contemplated to take place on the 2Cth, should be postponed till the month of March, in order that they should have greater publicity. It was also agreed that they should be annual, and that they should adopt the same rules as the Adelaide Jockey Club.' 