ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. FINANCES OF THE CHDBCH. LETTER VIIL To the Editor of the Advertiser. SIB,—I have undertaken to shew that Episcopal management of the Church Extension Funds, is designed to be instrumental in promotmg real godliness, and therefore is effectual in obtaining the largest amount of funds. What is the purpose of a biBhop's mission ? We leam it from the lips of the S«viour Himself. He tells us that it is to " make disciples of all nations." That it is "to open their eyes, and to turn them from darkness to light, and from the power of Satan unto God, that they may receive forgiveness of sins, and inheritance among them that are sanctified by faith that iB in me." Thus the Great Head of the Church describes the functions of the apostolic or episcopal office in a world of Bin. Whnt are thejeffects of this opening of the eyes—this turning to God f What is the effect of forgiveness ef sin, and inheritance among them that are sanctified? With such the kingdon of God becomes their chief concern. The advancement of His giory their truest happiness. This glorious change leadB them, as 1 said in mv third letter, from self to ChriBt; from self to His Church—His people. It enables them to deny themselves for Christ's sake. It confirms them in the habit of divine worship. It brings a sweet enjoymeut the world cannot give, in " serving the Lord," and partaking of His ordinances Itinspires them with ihe love of s Mary, who retoiced to give her costly Epikenard; of a Martha, who gladly served. It draws forth the large liberality of a Zacheus, It makes men desire to " honour the Lord with their eubstance, —"ready to give and glad to distribute. 1 What a revolution of the whole natural man, does this " turning to God" effect'. Of the Macedonian Churches the Apostle St Paul testifies, that "to their power, yea, and beyond their power, they were willing of themselves, praying him with much entreaty that he would receive the gift." Whence came this large heartedness,—this giving beyond their power, more ihan their Chief Paetor was willing to receive from them? Our difficulty is to get anything from the wealthy for religion St. Paul's difficulty was to set bounds to, to restrain, to moderate the gifteof men of " deep poverty," for the Chureh's need;—"praving us with much entreaty that we would receive the gift." Whence came this overflowing love? We are told the whole mystery in a few words— "They first gave themselves to the Lord," and then, as the natural effect, " they gave themselves" to their Chief Pastor, he tells us, "acoording to the will of God." Thus a bishop's mission is to "make disciples;" holy, loving, Belf denyinB, largehearted disciples of the Lord Jesus. Finances may then be safely left to their spontaneous offerings. We may then afford to waive all discussions, how we shall. raise money. < iBe it then our first concern, our chief question, how may the Bishop be successfuf in leading men to " give themselves to the Lord?" This is hie mission. How may he be supported and sustained, assisted and encouraged in fulfilling it ? Certainly not by being lowered and dishonored by members of the Church; not by having his hands ticO; not by being shorn of lawful authority and relieved from his responsibilities; not by his being a bishop in name, yet no bishop in fact. We are not to regard the Bishop as an in dividual charged with the accomplishment of a certain work. The Bishop and Clergy comprise a body of which the Bishop is the head. In this position he is specially charged with making disciples of Jesus Christ; and in fulfilling that mission he acts through the clergy. They represent him, and he is responsible for the due discharge of their prescribed dutieB. They, we are told, " in all doubts concerning the manner how to understand, do, and execute the things contained in the Prayer Book, their guide in all their pastoral duties, * shall always resort to the Bishop of the Diocese.'" Thus the Bishop performs Divine Service, preaches the Gospel, administers the Sacraments, visits the sick, warns, teaches, guides in many places at one and the same moment, Thus, through the Clergy, he acta upon and persuadeB men to " give their ownselves to the Lord." And it the Clergy are generally successful, the Bishop stands forth to the world, as the agent of such success. The head bears the glory. Who has not heard of the unparalleled success of Bishop Sel. wyn ? — a degree of success perhaps unequalled in the time, since the days of the Apostles But where, on the one hand, would have been that success without, a Clergy ? Where, on the other, without the power and position of a Bishop ? The Bishop acta upon the Diocese collectively through the Clergy; but he acts upon the Clergy individually. Hiss success will in a great measure depend upon them— upon their success, their influence in their respective parishes. Hence the Bishop's principal work lies in immediate contact with the Clergy ; quickening their zeal, directing and encouraging them, Bympa'.hising with them, sharing in all their joys, in all their sorrows. Here is one of the great excellencies ot episcopacy, —a system Divinely ordained, which enables one man distinguished among hiB fellows, for unflinching fidelity, for his meek and gentle spirit, his loving and sympathising heart, his superior abilities, his soundness of Dootrine, his sober age, hie ripe attainments, his greater general qualifications for the Sacred office, to shed heavenly influences upon many Churches at once, by keeping alive in the Clergy the spirit of "taking heed to themselves end all the flock, over which the Holy Ghost hath made them overseers." Here under God is one secret of the Clergyman's influence and success. Hs refleotB, with the Divine assistance and blessing, a light brighter tlian his own; he is strong in the Bishop's strength, clothed with the Bishop's mantle, supported and encouraged byjhim, the Parish Clergyman, in a measure, carries with him the weight and influence of the Bishop. And in the very fact of exerting this influence, in favor of, and upon the Clergy, lies the Bishop's own practical strength in his Diocese;—his own efficiency to do good. As iron eharpeneth iron, BO does the countenance of a man his friend. The mower muBt sharpen hiB scythe or however strong he can do nothing. The carpenter must sharpen his plane, or he cannot work ; BO the Bishop must, this is his peculiar function, stir up tne ceal and devotedness of the Clergy, and assist men in theit Churches and Parishes. If this, from any oause, should not be the case, the Church will decline, and both Bishop and Clergy lose tbeii true position. The Bishop iB the secret ot the Clergy's efficiency. They of his po*cr. The great and good qualities of a Bishop* great and good as they may be, ml) sever be ippreosted by ttw Laity, except as reflected from the Parish PaBtor. Power and skill are of no avail without efficient ir.struTients. Instruments of none without skill an<i power to direct them. If then the Bishop be deprived of hie power, the Church will lose much of the benefit of his office; and will, consequently, languish. Fruit will not reward their toil. Funds will not flow into her coffers. Yours, &c.;, ANGLO SAXON. 