THEATRICALS AND MUSIC. nrMHATniK -boxai, , The almost nightly change in tbo performances at this house though' it renders the. tnsk of a critic neither light nor easy, has had the dosired effect, that ot (Wing tho house. On Fridav Sir William pl'iyed John Small in the Varco of tho ' Two'Biizzimls/' 'and on Saturday ho played Sir Charlcf Cold3trcani.in ' Uied Up.' His portraituro of tho blase baronet is, in many respects, diflerunt from that of any other acidr, andwe prefer it to any wo have evor seen, with the exception of the very linisliral nml elaborate performance of Charles Mnthews. Sir William looks like a dreadfully bored patrician, but wo do uot think ho succeeds in impressing hie utter weariness upon tho audience so thoroughly ns if ho were moro couventinnal and less natural. Tho event of tho evening was, however, the production of ' Konil worth,' which proved bo decided ft 'success that it has beon played overv night througliont the week. Kvery ono has read Sir 'Walter Scott's novel, and ia fnmiliar with tko sorrows of Amy ItobsaH and this porildy of tho Earl of Leicester, but Messrs. llalliduy aud Laurence, who aro tho authors of ihe burlosque, bnve made Bad havoc with the original story. Amy Robsnrt does not die, but is saved from Varncy'i trap by. tho nmplitudo of hor crinoline, and thnt worthy, although dono to death by Amy in a grand combat, makes his nppearunco in tho last sceno with tho excuse that ho will be wanted on tho following night. Wa-jland Smith is a bank director, strolling-player, and horso tamer, his secret being to whisper to the unfortu nate animal ' I'm a knacker.' Sir IVallcr Raleigh entreats the queen to give him the cloak sho trod upon, upon the ground that, on futuro visits to his uncle ho could be able to stato that ho had onco bad a sovereign upon it. Lady Don was a charming Leicester, and hor dross and make up wero cblouisaanl. Tha only fault wo could find was, that sho had not enough to do. A parody sung during tho courses of tho piece by Leicester to the nir of tho 'Ratcatcher's Daughter,' in which hodescribes tho legend of tho origin of tho Garter was vociferously encored. Sir William, as Elizabeth, makes his first ap fiearanco on tho paddle-box of a steamer, his head being evel with tho top of the funnel, and tho ladies and gen tlemen of the court being represented by children, Her Majesty has tho appearance of being almost ten feet high. Tho inconsistent character attributed to Elizabeth is well depicted, but, while intensely funny, there is nothing in the way in which Sir William plays the part cither undigniiiedorimlelicato. There nro none ol those slight indecencies which most comedians interpolate when sustaining a lomnio character lingers as troyianu.am.iui, Harwood ns Varney, and Miss Mortimer as Trttuitian, did ample justice to their parts, and little Miss Earl, as Amy Robsart, showed that sho is rapidly improving both in acting and singing. Somo new scenery had been painted for the burlesque, and tho view of Green wich Hospital, Konilworth, nnd the English Fleet, added to the many triumphs of Mr. Hennings. We had almost forgotten to state that the gas having broken down on Saturday, the house was illuminated by Stanford and Co.'s keroseno oil lamps. On Monday and Tuesday the well-known piece of Parents and Guardians' introduced the Dons as Mons. Tourbillon and Dob iVctllcs, but wo liko them less in this piece than in nny in which we had previously seen them. On Wednesday-, tho Scottish drama of ' Cramond Brig, or the Gudo Man o' Uallengeich,' introduced Sir William in another Scotch character. James V. of Scotland, u monarch whoso persecutions at the hands of his nobles appear to have endeared him to the popular mind, had a most awkward penchant for getting into scrapjg, and an exceeding aptitude for getting out of them. On ono of these occasions he receives tho hospitality of a yeo man, one Jock Howitson (Sir William Don), which he returns by inviting him and his wife Marion (Lady Don) to Holyrood. Thither they repair, and asking for the Gude Man o' Ballengeich are ushered into the presence of their king, who puts an end to tbeir perturbation by knighting his quondam host. Sir William's portraiture of the jolly farmer, with his blunt, off-hand patronage to his guesr, and his subse quent amazement on discovering the liberties he had taken with his monarch, was excellent. Lady Don, as Marion, sang 'John Anderson, my Jo,' and ''Coming through the Ryo,' Vrry charmingly, but the piece was somewhat marredjby the shortcomings of tho gentleman who played King Jones. Last ever.inp; ' Rob Roy' was pluyed for the joint appearance of blr William and Lady Don, and Mr.. Brooke, the result being as a matter of course, a crowded house. So crammed indeed was the theatre that wo could onlyjust gotapeepoftheactors,and we are therefore unable to say anything ns to the merits of the performance. Wo have, however, to record a hearty reception to Mr. Brooke, who must havo felt pleased at eo brilliant an assemblage. I»III1*CESS'S XIIKATlTtn. ' Grimaldi, or the Life of an Actress,' which was produced at this theatre, on Monday last, is another drama from the facile pen of Mr. Bourcicault. It is, however, very inferior to ' Tho Octoroon ' and ' Col leen Bawn. It has very little pretension to origi nality, abounds in all the old claptraps, and the plot is outrageously absurd. Grimaldi (Mr. Wheatleigh) is an old Italian, with a strong foreign accent, and is em ployed as a subordinate at a London theatre. Tho lead ing actress, Julia (Miss Young), refuses to play for his benefit, and treats him most contumcliously, whereupon ho declares that a young girl who is singing a ballad outsido, possesses greater natural talent, and proceeds to put his assertion to tho proof, by adopting her and edu cating her for the stage. Vinlet (Miss Dunn) becomes a great artiste, and proves herself to boa warm hearted, grateful, and affectionate girl. She obtains an nppear ance, creates a furore, meets with tho determined, hos tility of Julia, and the ceaseless persecutions of a libertine, ia decoyed to a lone house for tho worst of purposes, is rescued by her lover, a young nobleman, and is eventually united to the youthful oligarcli, his mother abandoning all her scruples on being told by Grimaldi that ho is an Italian duko, and that Violet is his adopted child. Tho incidents arc, it will thus bo seen, common-place in tho cxlrome, and but for the ex cellent acting of Mr. Wheatleigh and Miss Dunn, nnd tho ablo support they met with from Mr. 1'awccU, vrlio Slaved a low comedian, ono }f upshot, tho pieco would avo been an utter failure. Mr. Wheatleigh played tbo old actor with great power and feelinc, and in some respects wo preferred his broken English, though not his French, as Orimaldi, to Sir William Don's Af. Tourbillon. Miss Dunn acted with great sweetness us Violet. On Thursday ?' The Octo roon ' was revived, the heroine being sustained by Miss Dunn, instead of by Madamo Duret, whom, wo regret to stato, is suffering from sovero indisposition. In many respects wo prefor tho copy to tbo original, 'Hit Him, He's Got No Frionds,' is the namo of on amusing trifle played duriug tho week. This, and 'Tho Sleeping Beauty,' 'really ono of Planchu's best bur lesques, and excellently acted, have proved vcrv attrac tive. The cold weather prevented tho attoudnr.ee at tho bal miifquo on Thursday from being quite so numerous as on tho last occasion, but the costumes were brilliant, aud tho persons present thoroughly enjoyed themselves. B AM.AAIIAT. — 'La Sonnainbula' was performed nt tho rtoyal on Monday, when thn principal characters were very satisfactorily sustained by Sisnor and Signora Bianchl, Miss Harland, and Mr. John Gregg ; but as is usually tbo case in provincial operatic presentations, tho choruses wcro bal the ghost of what the composer in tended. Mr. Holt, who has now assumod the manago montof tho housu, appears anxious to 'go in on the popular ticket,' and replenish the managerial coffers by the production of drama and molodramn. ' William Toll ' and ' The Corsican Brothers' havo been already produced; and on Wednesday ?? Uelphegor' was pre son ted. Wo have already had frequent opportunities of noticing Mr. and Mrs. Holt's very torcelleut delineation of the characters of Belphcgor and Madeline, and on tho present occasion thoy appeared to ns much advantugo as ever. The old Charlie is once more struggling into ex istenco under the energetic management of Mr. Symons, who has fitted up a very pretty concert hall, where Mr. Farquharson, Miss Chalker, and other popular favourites may be both seen and heard, for ' tho small charge- of ono smiling.' wo understand that it is proposed to establish a company to build a brick theatre ou the site of tho old house, but unless the matter can be accom plished by private enterprise, wo much question the probability of tho public coming forward. BENDIGO.— After the departure of Mr. Brooke and Miss Jones, last week, business at the Lyceum was very bad. Tho '? Corsican Brothers' was produced with every cttention to scenic requirements, ai)4 with excel lent mechanical uffects. Nevertheless, although played threo nights, it failed to draw a good house. On Monday a somewhat better era was inaugurated by the production of Mr. W. M. Akhurst's pantomime of "Jack Horner," which has since continued to draw tolerably good houses. The alphabet sceno proved a genuino ' hit,' and most of the characters were well enough made up to elicit a round of applause on their entrance. The, idea is decidedly a good one, and creditable to tin originator, but it might nevertheless be somewhat improved upon. Mr. Murray enacts Jack Homer with quite enough vivacity, but neither his 'make up ' nor his delivery is sufliJently indicative of juvenility to preservo tho consistency of the chnractor, or to enhance .its fun. Mr. Ilarlowo's Old Proverb is quaint nnd funny. The harlequlnado is well sustained by M. Schmidt, Mdlle. Therese, nnd Messrs. Joe Chambers and Dhorang. Many of the tricks aro good, and the working of the piece throughout gives sufficient evidence that the respectivn departments of tho mechanist, tho property man, and tho scene painter arn in good bands. Miss Fiddcs's benefit is announced for Thursday, and on Monday next tho first appearance of Madamo Maria Durot In Bourcicault's drama of ' Tho Ootoroon.' liver sin:e tho termination of tho Brooko-cura- Jor.es regime rjt tha Lyceum, tho Marsh children have been playing to crowded houses at the Theatro Royal. Thoy continued' the 'Naiad Quean' until last Saturday, and on Mori day the indefatigable manager of tbo troupe wasprepared with a really genuine novelty (in these latitudes), to wit, the old Adolphi drama of tho ' Sea of Ice.' As th|o piece bus not been played in Melbourne, for a numbor of years at all events, and never before on Bendlgo, a short ruHUino of the plot will not be inappropriate. Tho first net occurs on board tlio ship ' TJnuilft,' bound for New Y.irk, nnd commanded by Captain de Lascours, whoso wifo and youngest child aro voyaging with him. Tbo latter has fouud u privileged playmatQ in Barabas, ono child.. Thbre'is also on board ns apnssonger ono Carlos, an ndvohturer. This worthy informs tho captain thnt.ho knows where a vast amount of treasure has I con con cealed on tho plains of El Dorado, by its pioneer finders, and that ho has with him charts that will onablo tb,om to steer for a convenient anchorage on the .Mexican coast. His design is to obtain tblstreasnro, and ho aiks the captain to join his enterprise, to carry out which it will be necessary to borrow pro tern, the goud ship Urania. Tho captain indignantly leluses, ar.d orders Carlos to bis cabin.. Then tbo adventurer discards tho deference be had hitherto assumod, nnd do clates tho crew have been shipped iu his interest, and that with scarcely an exception they nro his own no coniplices. A muster is called, and tbo fact becomes evident. But Lascnurs, with his few adherents, attacks tbo mutineers, and after beating down Curlo.i, is about to introduce cold steel to the rascal's heart, when an agonizing cry from bis wife arrests bis arm. One of tbo mutineers has seized Marie, their child, and holding it over the ship's side declares ho will drop it in tho sooth ing waters unless his loader's life is spared. Lascours, to savo his child, releases Carlos. Tho latter then orders tho sailors to place tho captain, his wife, and child in tho yawl and send it ndrift. The order is obeyed, but at tho moment the mutineers aro congratulating. themselves that thoy havo not ono enemy to their project on board, Jlarabas appears on tho poop, and lires n pistol shot at Carlos, wounding him, but not mortally, in tho neck. The act drop falls on the contusion which ensues, under cover of which Barabas jumps overboard, and is rescued by the captain in the yawl. Tho sceno of tho second act represents a 'sea of ice,' to which the luckless occupants of tho yawl have been drifted. They suffer intensely from cold nnd privation, and na n last resource to create warmth to savo Maries lil'o, Lascourg uses their frail boat for firowood. Soon after, tho ico breaks un, and tins captain and his wife aro drowned, but Bafihas nnd Marie .ire picked up by two Danish coastora. Tno third act opens alter a lapso of-llfteen years, on tho Mexican coast. Carlos, now assuming tho title of tho Mai quis del Monte, is about embarking for Franco, having be come fabulously rich by tho success of his treasure seeking scbornes. His party havo had several skirmishes with tho Indians, and after one of their encounters, a youug girl, belonging to tho latter, had been noticed following; the gold- finders. Several other people, in cluding tbo mother and another daughter of tho lost Lascours, and Horace dc Brionnc (a l'rench gentleman betrothed to the latter), aro passengers with Del Monte, and at their repeated request ho consents, although uu willingiy, to take the Indian girl on board. Ogarila, as sho is called, is ndopted by Lascoun' mother, and ulti mately proves to bo nia daughter Mane, who, uiteon years befurc, had been picked up from tbo ico by a Dauish vessel bound to Mexico. The fourth nnd fifth acts transpire in Paris, and show Del Monte a suitor for Ogarita's hand. Sho refuses him, but subsequently, by tho appearance of Barabas (now grown grey, aud who at first mistakes the grown. up Marie for hor lost' mother), she learns tho secret of her parent's fato. Then sho ac cepts Del Mottle's offer of marriage, but only to acquire tho power to defeat his schemes, and wreak on him the revenge she has sworn to accomplish. She makes the haughty villain serve her as a slavo, but never permits him to approach her as a husband. At last, having thwarted his purpose of removing her friends from all communication with her, she denounces him ns tha murderer of her parents, nnd he, finding no escape from the consequence of his crimes, plunges a poinard to his heart, anil dies. At tho same moment, a vision of Ogarita's lost mother, nnd of the sea of Ice, appears, and upon this tableaux the curtain falls. The pieco, which abounds with situations of unusuol interest, has been exceediugly well put upon tho st.igo of the Royal. Tho main deck of tbo Urania, in tho first act; the sea of ice in the second, Bhowing an aurora borealis and the breaking up of the ico ; and the El Dorado scono in tho third act, are especially effective ; and in tho fourth act tho saloon scene is set with moro than ordinary completeness and splendour. Miss Louise acts grace fully and effectively, in tho first and second net', as Lascours' wifo, and in tho subsequent action as Oi/arila. Miss Jenny Gourlny plnys Lascours, nnd nftcrwards Horace de Brionnc, in nn exceedingly pleasing nml quiet manner, but with enough of energy when required Master Louis, who impersonates Carlos, would do well to improve his attempted imitation of n gentleman's behaviour in a Parisian salon Master Marsh extracts all the fun out of liarabas llizt he can find in it, and is not unequal to tbo display of the feeling of the part. The production is likely to be rewarded, as it deserves, with a successful run. Castlemaine. — Mr. and Mrs. Simms opened their new campaign on Saturday evening last, and a fair, though by no means crowded house attended. On Wednesday tho company was strengthened by tho additions of Messrs. Ryan nnd Burton, but the theatro has dono but poor business all through tho week. Geelonq.— On Tuoadny evening thu Raynl wai well filled, the attractions being the dramn of ' Second Love,' and tho farco of ' Siago Struck,' in which M!*s Octavia Hamilton nppenrod. Speakingof the first piece, the Advertiser of that morning remarked thns 'it i* one of the best that ban been brought out during tho prcv.eut management, and as Mr. Youh^u'h company will appear but far n fuw nights longer, theic Is no doubt nuny per sons will be glai to avail thcnuolvej of this opportunity of witnessing it.' On Wodncdday evening Mi-s Hamil ton had a benefit. Portland.— Mr. Love, tho vontrilnqulBt, has lately been giving his entertainment at this township, and othcis in the district. 