WARNING TO WIDOWERS. A GHOST STORY. The age of the marvellous has not com pletely vanished, and although the ongoings of the spiritualists have well nigh made the name of ghosts di creditable, and must long since have disgusted every ghost having any pretentions to good taste and sound judg ment with this world, it seems that their visits to the latter have not finally ceased. Within the last ten days a veritable spirit from the " vasty deep" of the spirit world has not only been seen but felt in Newcastle, thus attesting the reality of the visitation by an appeal to different senses. It is no drawing room ghost like that or those which manifested themselves to Mr. Thackery's friend, the writer of " Truth Stranger than Fiction," in the Cornhill Magazine. It is none of your table tilting, leg pinching, guitar playing spirits which dare not show their faces in society, but a real downright autho dox ghost. The ghost of tradition of ballad poetry, of lone church yards with clay cold hand, long white dress, cold bright eyes with no speculation in them, in short the retribu tive ghost, not the spirit of a seance, and by this ghost hangs a tale. It appears that a certain son of Adam, who follows the profes sion his great progenitor followed, while in a state of innocence, and who exposes the pro ducts of his industry for public sale in the New Market of this town, had the misfortune to lose his Eve about the latter end of 1860. The lady died suddenly, and the grief of the bereaved husband was naturally enough great, as the cause of it had been unantici pated. He had, however, reached that period of life when the feelings are thoroughly under the control of the reasoning faculties, and he was philosopher enough not only to reason himself into the conviction that grief being un availing it need not be long indulged in, but at the same time time to look around him for a consoler. Nor did he look in vain. His life had waned into the sere and yellow leaf of full three score years, but beautiful, com passionate, angelic woman ! when did the wounded heart, although old and partially withered, appeal to thee in vain ? The sor rowing and senile widower found one in all the bloom of womanhood ready to accom pany him to the altar, and take the place in his business and his bosom which had been occupied by her whom he had deposited in her grave. The second marriage had been consummated so soon after the first had been dissolved that, as in the case of Hamlet's mother, " The funeral baked meats might have coldly furnished for the marriage tables," but, although the gossips were shocked, the man was happy. Life budded forth anew for him, and its closing years became a se cond spring time. Alas, however, for hu man felicity ! The pleasure of this second honoy moon was rudely broked in upon. One night as he lay by the side of his new wife in the sweet forgetfulness of sleep, or perhaps in the ecstacy of some delightful dream, he was awakened to consciousness by the contact of an icy cold had within his own. Opening his eyes he beheld the figure of his defunct spouse standing by his bed side draped in white, with her eyes fixed "more in sorrow than in anger" upon him self and the new partner of his bed. His shrieks at the sight of this fearful apparition aroused his bed fellow, but the spiritual in trudor had vanished, leaving an impression however upon the senses of him who had seen it which neither the nurses of his new wife nor the distraction of his daily business have been able to efface. He might per haps have been able to console himself with the thought that the ghost was merely the coinage of a disturbed imagination, but un fortunately for such a consolatory hypothesis it had made itself visible about the same hour to an old female acquaintance living on the same flat. Here was independant proof that the ghost was no mere embodiment of a badly digested supper, but the spirit of his first wife from the other world, for the pur pose doubtless of upbraiding him for having filled her place with such indecorous haste, and the man was, and is, well nigh distrac- ted. This mysterous visitation has been the subject of profound speculation in Newgate Street and in the neighbourhood of the New Market, where the parties and circumstances are known, and one lady, who has herself followed three husbands to the grave, was heard the other day remarking to the other that it had been meant has a warning " to ould sinners of men not to go and marry young hussies as soon as they has got their blessed wives put in the could tomb." 