4\. W. :...-"". , ! SYDNEY, TUESDAY, NOV. 18, 1861. THE farther resistance to the Gold Daly t5 be offered by certain members of the; Assembly whilst dealing with the estimates in dotai), mast, it appears to, us,'prove so, utterly useless at that stoge of the publio business, as to be i nothing but a waste of time and wind. ' For the I sake, therefore, of saving the moro valuable of these prime' articles of consumption in Parlia- ment,' namely, that which is ao often and so solemnly referred, to' as " the time of the House mtyVer^Bitrtéerólórtb^ obnoxions impost, will just'say no more about it. Theyiwant as far as words could gb during tho late discussion.' Tho protest then made has Deep, amy reooraea in tao aauy papers, ana han doubtless,! ere this, produced its intended effect on ? the minds of their constituents. Toge'her with ihe threat alluded to. it formed on antidote to the inference that might be drawn to their prejudice from the division, HB ts. . Bonce, both protest and menace have done their work ; and the duty on gold remains, and must now remain in spite of all noisy efforts to 'the! contrary. ; In view of that established fact they had better fold their arms and hold their tongues,. " What can't be cured must bo endured," saith the old proverb. It would bo undoing the effect of their speeohes to renew vapid attacks upon tho gold duty in committee. , What boots the {die menace of dealing with the question when they resolve themselves into a committee on the estimates? The empty threat, when it was uttered on Thursday night last, whilst in the very oct of leaving tho gold duty in triumphant possession of tho financial field, reminded' us ot, the British officer who, in the Chinese war, shook his fist at the enemy within a masked battery whilst making good his rotrcat. The advantage has been gained the Imtilo won by tho Government with the past aid and promised succour of the Legislative Council in defianoo of all that the Lower House could Bay or do. Haye not speeches and even votes been expended in vain by tho poople's representatives? Yet the thief is still in the apple tree, and is not to .be brought down by throwing tufts of grass at him, interspersed with abusive epithets. Will not tho Crown nominees, alias the creatures of the Ministry in the Upper House, in meroy interpose and abolish the - objectionable impost? Why, O, ye Honorables for L;fe I why leave the numbera of the so-called coordinate,,but lowor branch of tho legislature, to talk themselves hoarse and vote themselves ridiculous on the gloomy subject without having the faintest hope of effecting any other results. Our House of Assembly seems scarcely to have realised the humiliating position which tho aotion it bas takon on tho gold duty, cou plod with tho countervailing operation of nomineoism, and tho defiant attitude of the Ministry, have combined to place it in. It is, indeed, so disparaging to its constitutional influence and functions, that tho less notice that is now takon of it would almost appoar to be the better for tho political reputation of tho Houao, aB reprosentod by ita " working ma* jori ty." Hence, to observe a prudent silonco upon, and draw a dooont veil ovar tho tax upon gold in connection with tho estimates for the ensuing year, would bo dooidodly preferable to imitating, in'commilter, tho feat of shaving the pig, and giving'occaiion to tho Satanic romark of " much noise and little wool." Wo would recommend this feature of tho question, as it now Blonds foco to faco with mo momuors ot ino Assemoiy, to tho serious consideration of such af thom as liavo heedlessly pledged thomtclvos lo renewed opposition to the tux upon gold luring tho passing of the ostimatos. Wo would nsk of them what prnotioal iionell's, what1 sub itantial results can (hoy ratlodplly expoci' from filch a line of action ? r To speak to, tho gal- leries, and address tho people nt large through tho Pf oik Ji;a1l,vpr,y;^ol\, t^^ffe^ ttftôt wh^ hM bean done, and at this «togo of, the matter, ? it can have very little bearing, and no practical effect on the duty on gold. What, then, ia to be done ? To know that requires a calm review-if shame and indig- nation will permit of it-of what bas boen at- tempted by the Assembly. And the imagination must' be employed in .aid- of -the memory and the reason to enable us to' form an adequate conception of the predicament in which the representative branch of . the Legislature has become involved. Since it is palpably ineffectual, if not absurd, then, to make every item in ? the estimates a peg to bang a com- mittee speech upon, in deprecation of the tax upon gold, let ns- reflect upon the proceedings that ; have ; taken place in reference thereto -proceedings,, , bo it remembered,'. of a sterner complexion, and tinder' more dignified sanctions than committee debates, when the Speaker was in the chair,'and our responsible Prime 'Minister, seated with folded arms, at the bead of the Treasury Benches. Resolutions were passed almost unanimously, and forwarded by address to his Excellency the Governor, to the effect that, "in the opinion of this Ho ase (the House of Assem- bly^, the duty upon gold should not be con tinued after the termination of the current year." -, Not satisfied with this, a bill waa intro duced and carried through the same House by an overwhelming majority for the repeal and abolition of the obnoxious impost. Was not that making assurance doubly sure, so far as the will and power of the people's representa- tives were concerned ? For, although the Bald bill miscarried ID um oiu jjegisiative vuuuun when on its last legs, still the recorded opinion and determination of that House, whose special province it was to regulate the public burdens, was, or ought'to have been, wholly unaffected by such result. These might bo supposed, indeed, prior to experience, to have made an indelible impression upon tho yielding, minds of responsible Ministers, and to have been still quite capable, of influencing, to . some extent, their future financia] arrangements. But that no effect was thereby produced, and hardly any notice taken of tho so-called "order of the House," is now a part of the history of the COWPER Ministry verified by présent Parlia- mentary experience. - The resolutions of the Assembly, though rendered BB respectable as its most solemn forms csuld make them--though engrossed on an address to his Excellency the Governor, and though enrolled with the records of Parliament, were fer every other purpose no better than wastepaper. They might as well have been written - in water in respect Of the object they were nominally destined . to accomplish. I i What, then, remains to bo done ? Shall the House of Assembly,re-affirm tbe resolutions ? Let us fancy a proposal of that kind to be sub- mitted to the members theroof this afternoon. It is necessary to imagine such en occurrence, and the",thoughts it. would suggest and the consciousness it must awaken, to be able' fully to realise the real position' in relation to this vexed question-and the conduct of the presen Government iii regard to it in which the members of the Lower , House now stand. : . Imagine, then, . tho motion broúeht forward without notice, ns tho im- portance of the matter demands. Who would second it? Who would, or could, make n speech in its behalf? Would it not bo felt BS the severest satire, the veriest mockery that any House of Parliament was over subjected' to^ jn flCBfffl^Wötlfa "bed worth witnessing, for th amusement it would afford to all but tho " work- ing majority,': whoso circuitous second-fiddle political course would furni h tho ou limos of the entertainment. To them the spectre of the strangled '** order of tho Assembly" would doubt- less rise, something like BANOOO'S.ghost, if not to push them from their stools, at least to mar their complacency. But such a motion, under existing circumstances, could only be proposed in the way of a j ike, and tho Legislativo As- sembly bas too much inherent dignity of position, irrespectively of tho procedure referred to.to be flouted to Its face by so thinly disguised a mockery. What! vote another address to the Governor, conveying anbthor resolution relating to tho gold duty ? No ! No ! Count out the House,-move the provious question, do anything, rather than make an exhibition of impotency so contemptible What, then, is now. to be done? Shall another bill to repeal the tax bo sent up, nH Mr. HOSKINS proposes, to tho Upper House ? What 'ia the uso of that in,the present fix, except for tho purpose of spoech-making and agitation ? All that oould bo effected in tho Legislative Chamber oould bo ns well, or moro appropriately, said and done at public meetings in tho School of Arts or tho Temperance Hall. The moasuro would run tho risk of hoing literally kicked out of the Legislativo Council, and would hardly find a seconder there, even in Mr. ROBERTSON. Whet, then, remains to bo done? Is nothing loft us ' but the coarse, vulgar counsel-" grin and bear it ?'' . ' Yest Mr. COWPER himself lias como to the assistance' of tho disappointed and discomfited Liberals of the Lower House with consolation and guidance. Give ear to the Honorable Chief Secretary ! In his fiaancial spoeoh on Thurs- day night, ho thus points out his method of getting out af tho difficulty, so far, at least, as Mr. COWPER'S advice, not to say có-oporation, goes;-With regard to the gold duly, if honor- able members thought that tho exj. ort duty on gold ought to bo repealed, that oould be accom- plished if it wore presBod on tho'Legislature without' suoh a stop as this boing'necqssary. How did tho honorable members know bnt what they might bo able so to deal with the estimates as to cut thom down to meet thia amount ol duty, and so render its collection unnecessary. If tho House wore sincere in their desire to rcpoal this duty, let thom take tho items of the estimâtes, and deal with them, and il such a roduolion wero rnado ns to permit tho Govornmont to meet tho pledge given to Parliament, they wero quito willing to do so." And so, according to our sagacious Promior, thoro ia still a way-though a rather ambiguous and impraoticablo one, it must bo confessed by willoh tho , indignant rosolutionis's may moko an act of rooaloitratlon in regard to tho gold duty without ejecting the' Ministry. But, alas ! for tho dignity of tho Legislativo AsBombly ! when tho lead» ing minlstor thereof can offer suoh recommen- dations to the wiso men eloot of the country ho must have formed a low estimate, indeed, both of their intolligonco and their spirit. This was . "tho unkindest out of all!" And yot tho ftdvlao was apparently not in tondod BB banter -- though, if a ? nativo black could bo made aware . of - its terms* and this circumstances1, to which . thpy nt inch or apply,' ho would certainly' exolaim ' M Gam- mon 1" ,Tho terra, porhnpB, would bo unpnrlla. | rôontîïry, ot it would. hftvg;hcpn¡ ft fit ícepónsé to ; the cheers of tba TrMtiiry Benchei/ wben the abore characteristic little'bit'of political advice waa tendered. It is an expressive word at times-that '< Gammon"--and ought to bo acclimatised and legitimated as well aa tho j thing signified by it in Macquarie-Btreet. If words, aa Dr. W HATBLT contends, are the j instruments of thought, it must be sad I hindrance to correct ideas, and just reasoning t have a prominent and active ingredient oí Parliamentary and Ministerial speech and action, without an appropriate and distinguish- ing name. f AMONG other items placed upon the Estimates which will demand careful consideration at the hands of the Assembly, is one of ,¿820,000 for the Volunteers." The establishment of a system of citizen soldiery having become a national in- stitution in the British empire, and possessing as it does most important considerations in its favour, this mark of sympathy and encourage-, ment 'from the Ministry would,, at first glance, seem to leave no room for an exception to be taken. Neither, indeed, are wo about to conclude that the amount is necessarily too great; but it will be admitted, we presume by all, that so large a sum of the public money ought not to bo voted away unless there be some reasonable proba- bility of an equivalent benefit being derived J from the expenditure. Now,. under the exist I ing state of the volunteer force in this colony, I tho attainment of such a result seems verv problematical, and tbereioro it ia that the Par- liament should pauso before they consent to an unconditional disposal of tho amount pro- posed. ' Great as are the advantages that must accrue to society and to the State from the vol'un tcor movement,. there are no small dangers to be apprehended if an im- proper estimate be formed of its true merits and utility. Tho volunteer arm can never, if rightly esteemed, be regarded as other than nuxHinrv to the rooular forces. Tf avarv adult molo in England were a member of the volunteers, it would not do away'wiih the de- mand for a standing army. It could not abolhh the necessity for making the study of warfare an independent profession,, requiringthe ex- clusive attention of educated aud'scientinc men. A vast band of brave people, armed with the most approved weapons, of modern -times, docs not constitute nn army ; and, although, for purposo's of defence there are, perhaps, no soldiers wno wouia DO moro írresiBuoio wwi 'those who would be righting for their homes and all they held most dear, the presence of the military and their example would still be neces- sary to'render that power most effective. This point, we submit, is one of the moat important that requires to be borne in mind in connection with the'establishment of tho' volunteer forces upon a substantial and useful basis. It has been too frequently forgotten ; and the result has been that between the military on ono side and tho polico on the other, the volunteers of this colony have boen kept as a body; in a state of : disorganisation, and their purpose utterly ; misunderstood. In making this assertion, which, however , unaatis'actory, 'wo : aro fully prepared to maintain, we desire to cast no re- flection upon the volunteers individually, how which tho movement in ibis colony has thus far nroceoJed. But the zeal that has been shown OJ, luv - -- .».»._-»-, ,UuW nUUlltlOU to drill, and. the readiness, with which they have always responded to the call of duty, moko thom worthy of some better, consideration than they have hitherto received.' It'is uf little uso for individual companies to become porfect in their exorcises if tho whole force be left without any system of organisation ; and in tho hour of danger discipline even will provo of little avail without some bettor general system than that which now obtains. ' Unless, therefore, a fundamental reform take place, the twenty thousand pounds which tho Ministry are abou'. to ask from Parliament for tho volunteers, will bo completely thrown away. Although, as we have said, thc volunteer ar must only bb considered in the light of an auxiliary to tho military, we do not intend to convey by that, that tho two branches of the sorvice need any kind of entanglement ; bn tho contrary, wo maintain that they ought to be kept totally distinct; and it is an opposite pro- cedure that has provailód to retard very much tho development of the ' movement in (lhis colony.; Tho . volunteers, hero have no head. They have no officers higher than their captains, and no ono to whom they can look ns being over tho entiro force without clashing with the Xllth Regiment. Colonel KEMPT, however, is only Inspecting Field-officer, although wo. believo a salary, of £305 a year attaches to the office, and any duties that tho undertakes out of tho sphore of that ' capacity aro duties that ought to devolve upon a Lieutcn ant-Oolonol, or other officer who should bo appointed at the hoad of tho volunteers, and who should havo no connection whatever with tho military forces stationed hero. Wo aro willing td hope that no personal and pecuniary consideration hus prevented the Colonel from suggesting such an appointment to the Govern- ment. Indood, wo boppon to know that for a long timo ho bas'soon and acknowlod ed its necessity. Why, then, we ask, is it not done? Why como to tho Parliament, for ; a ' sum of ¿20,000 when no steps aro taken; although' their expediency is acknowledged, to place the volunteer force upon a complete and substantial footing ? Wo assume that the offices of Major and Lieatonant- Colonol could only bo fillod by men of; military . experience, > who should bo thorough'disciplinarians, i andr well versed in all tho details of modern drill. And it cannot bo 'urged in opposition to suoh ap-' pointments being made, that there are not such men to be found in tho colony. ; Wo happen to know that tho names of some gentlemen, ono in particular, whose qualifications, rare tof tho highest order, havö beert f ir several months beforo the Inspecting Fiold-ofllo'r, and still nothing haB boen done. But this passive indifference (wo will not uso a uarshor term) is not tho' means '. by i which . to ; enlist tho sympathlos and;co-operation ot, ino legislative ! Assembly. .While, thorofore, tho rcqulre jmeñU of' tho caao' demand." it,' and' while tho ' unanimous''.' ivoioo of ? tho. volun toora thomsolvoa f 1B ralaod : ta i favour of suoh a séparation from the Xllth Regiment, and an appointment of Hold officers devo'.ed oxolu sivoly to tho volun tcor«, wo submit that the. reform ought to ho accomplished; What ls the position of the foroo at the present timo? It is all very woll to have moonlight parados and regular" Urilla, and every ono must nâtôWtlîostoadlness of tho men and tho.effi. clonoy that thóy havo acquired; 'But.whllo this loolts;very!well now, tho nsrieot of i affairs ¡would j hp rbliçh; Rlteïod in tho evontnof ftolual danßor.; "'.'in t>¡)} U> -! ,M;; <. .-''!>. -J, ,".1 ,.(; . ? If laen-ft eratíiigraej thotild -f\f~i+~ibih~"_ir approach oll-m hostile fore« to . bete »kor«i', we ' do not" doubt that each .separateI'* company would very speedily ; bo at ¡ti post, but where would be the. leader of the whole ? The Inspecting-Field- offieer would in- stantly assume his important command BB Colonel of the XHth Regiment, and in vain would the volunteers look to their now favourite Captain LAVER. Then the want of a bond , ¡ between the several companies would bacotne apparent in the shape of an almost inextricable confusion; and individual heroism, would be ."/I rendered little more than futile. Yet, with this .' danger in prospect, it is remarkable that tbs ; . [ same- system has been carried out in every ;'f branch of the service. Just as the . infantry ' are ' allowed to clash . with ,the milt- ? tary] so tho cavalry are -made. subservient . to the police. Captain JM'LERIB, or Com- mandant, or whatever he.may be-for,he soma- ., times assumes one title, sometimes the other- ..." persista in remaining , at tho head of - tba Mounted Rifles ; and so long as he can concen- ; Irate all his duties into an appearance once or twice a year on parade, this may answer a pur-? ; pose, although it -may not'satisfy the troop. But id tho event of the cavalry being required .'.' for service, Captain M'LERIE would have to . take his more legitimate post at the head of the Mounted Police, and either the Rifles would-, have to submit to fall in as a second troop of policemen, or they would have to look around' in vain for a commissioned officer competent to lead them. , ' > . rpti.f. ia n ofn(A rtf. rtiin't-a'.' flint fVanrint \\\a na-. . . milted, if the country is to contribute ns liber-, ally as it will be asked for the maintenance of the volunteers. If the public moneys are tobe voted for their support, as we are willing to ad- . vocato that they should be, let us at least insist that the movement shall be something more , than a demonstration. Let us- feel that we > have something more for our money than tho : empty satisfaction of beiog able to take a ; thousand armed men, >' drilled and in uniform, into the Domain on the Queen's . Birthday. Let us, in short, have a' reasonable ? guarantee that, in the hour of danger, personal ,:.> courage and a knowledge of military evolutions . may not be thrown away through a neglect of these first principles to which it is the duty of . ¡ the authorities to attend. - As the movement extends and companies are formed in the country districts; this question ??. will assume a wider aspect ; but' wo-shall re- . turn to its consideration even under existing i limits, and especially with reference to tho : evils that have been long prevalent in regard to -.': the election of officers. ?:/ ;. ' 