THE HAUNTED BRIG. It was on a beautiful moonlight night, 'when we were in the tropics, as I was hard and fast in the lee of the launch, very busy sleepiug, that my per son was sainted and my nap cut short by a kick fiom old Harry Wilson, one of our quarter-masters. ' Haul your wind out of this,' said he, 'you've watched the cable about long enough ; heave the weigh ; I don't care if I come to an anchor ; ' and and so saying, he took possession of my moorings; but as he carried too many guns for me, there was nothing to be said, and I quietly submitted, and prevailed on him to spin a yarn. The scene was in complete keeping with the subject ; the full, beautiful, tropical moon shone in unclouded splendour, and old Ocean lay out stretched basking in her effulgence, lulling himself to sleep with his own enternal anthem, - ' the moonlight music on the waves.' Our ship, as beautiful a sloop-of-war as ever carried the stars and stripes, to be worshipped and feared by distant hinds, was quietly ploughing her way through the almost unruffled surface of the deap. The wind was fair, though light, and our immense folds of spotless canvas were spread before it, glistening iu the moonbeams, and ever and anon crimsoned with the phosphoretic illu mination of the ocean, so common in the tropics. Our decks were nearly silent ; the sailors lay around in groups, dreaming, either sleeping or walking, of that happy home and all its endear ments, to whioh we were rapidly hastening ; for, delightful truth, the sloop-of-war was ' homeward bound.' Those ' who live at home at ease' can form no estimate of the delicious sensations caused by those two words, in the bosom of the poor sailor, far away on the deep. In cold or heat, in storm or tempest, 'homewa.id bound,' is the soother of all afflictions, the watchword of joy. The man at the wheel, when relieved, would say, ' lim* i= :r..r»l.- ? 1,™, ,.,1 ' I Such was the state of tkings on our decks, when old Wilson, having taken afresh quid, and worked up his reckoning, began his yarn. ' It's now going on thirty odd years since I one day drifted along down the Pine-street wharf, in New York, and saw there a baltimore-built brig, called the ' Rising Sun.' She was as neat and pretty a craft as au old tar would wish to clap eyes on — clinker-built, black hull and painted ports, with long, lieaky, raking masts and black yards — she looked like a real clipper ; thinks I, thats the stuff for trousers, so I shipped aboard of her, and the next day we were at sea. ' For the first week we had fair winds, and everything went on regular, but after that, there began to be the deuce to pay, and no pitch hot. One night, when we were sailing aloug with just wind enough to give her steerage-way, crash went something aloft., and a man in the top hailed- the first-mate ; 'main-yard's carried away in the slings sir,' 'Main yard carried away?' growled the mate, ' why hang it, there is not a cap-full of wind aloft.' ' Main yard carried away V said the old man, sticking his head up the companionway ; 'why, the devil's iu the brig, as we found to our sorrow. ' We turned-to-and slung the yard again and got everything snug, and went on our course, but we didn't feel easy; and one fellow began to tell how he had heard in Philadelphia of a brig called the l:ising Sun, which was haun{ed ; but he didn't think in New York, th.it this was the one, and so had said nothing. Well, wo were talking and guessing about it, when the same fellow, Starboard Tom, sung out so sudden, that we all jumped up as if tho brig was afire. 'I say, shipmates,' s»ys be, 'I'll tell you how we'll i ? id .!.? ? ii. ' ? a. T)i.:i..j„i it 110 w IL LUIS 16 bUU QltlU U UitUO. JLUUU X UilUUUl' pliia brig had a red spot on the deck of her fu'cuetle as big as a man's head close by the stanchion, amidships.' We all run down into the fo'eastle, and t.iere, sure enough, at the foot of the umidships-staniihion, was a dark red spot — a spot of blood ! ' Tom,' says we, ' how came that here?' 'Why,' says he, 'I was told in Philadelphia that the crow mutinized at sea two or three yea:. s ago, and when the captain came down into the fo'ca-tle to sec a sick man, one of the ringleaders killed him with au axe, and that spot is where his head struck when lie fell. The crew robbed the brig and left her, and sho was picked up by a States man-of-war and taken into Philadelphia, and lay a long time at the .wharf, and nobody would ship in her. :^ud I 'sposc, when the owners found they couldn't get any hands for her there, they sent her round to New York, to man her, and to we're all sucked in 1' I shall never forgot how I felt that night. 1 a'nt, afraid of anything as long as T cau set'- it ; but to be uboord a vessel that's haunted ! I can't stand' that. . ' We went, on for two or three days, expect ing Unit, something more would happen, when l ne. 't.iv, about dusk, carpenter weal down into the forccastle to get something out of hiH chest. I lie was a big, brave fellow, who didn't, eare. for anything, and had said all along that he did not believe tho brig was haunted at all. If o had j not been down there but about live minutes, 1 when we heard a little noise, ns if a man was I strangling, and trying to call for help; and tho , next thing, wo heard a yell of agony, and car penter burst up the hatch ; his face all black, bis throat black-and- bluo, his mouth wide opon, and bis eyes starting out of his head ; and look ing back, as if something was chasing him, lie screamed out — 'Oh, Heavens! lie's chocking me,' and fell senseless on deck. Well, some run for one thing, and some for another, and after working at him a long time, ho came to. When he was a little better, wc asked him what was the matter. 'Why,' says be, trembling all over, 'when I had got what I wanted out of my chest, I turned into my berth, and, as I rolled over, 1 thought I heard something moving in the forecastle, so I turned round to sec who it was, when I was knocked back into my bunk, and I felt two hands chocking mo, though I could uot see anything, and I tried to get away, but could not stir ; but, just as I begun to give up, I felt something on my cheek like a man's cold breath, and then the hands let go, nnd I sung out, and run on deck.' That was enough for us: we all felt as if we were in hell. That night no one went into tho forecastlc, but we I all lay on deck, in tho lee of tbe long-boat. I Starboard Tom had the first wheel in the mid watch, and all the rest of us lay asleep forra'd. The second mate had the deck, and was leaning oyer the weather-rail asleep, and the captain was below in the cabin. About three bells, Tom thought he saw something moving, on the wea ther-gangway, walking fore and aft, like a man on watch ; but as it was dark, lie could not make out what it was ; so he stuod watching it, and as it grew plainer, it looked like a man dresssed in | white, and he was so scared, that when it was four bells ho did not dare to call his relief, but stood looking to see what would happen. About five bells, it disappeared, and Tom was getting ready to hail for his relief, when up came a man out of the cabin, dressed in white flannel drawers and shirt, and a white nightcap, and Tom thought it was the skipper. It went to the weather-rail, and looked into the face of the second-mate, who was leaning there asleep, and stood so for five minutes. ' ' Now,'' thought Tom, ' stand by for squalls ; the old man is going to blow up the second-dickey for being asleep on watch,' ' Just as he thought so, the figure turned round and walked forra'd, and Tom stood looking alter it, when suddenly the real captain stuck his head up the companionway, and sung out. ' ' Tom, how do you head there ?' ' ' Oh ! the ghost !' cried Tom, and fell down in a fit; and we had to work at him a longtime to bring him to. But things got quiet again and the night passed off without any more disturbance. ' The next da}r, about four bells in the fore noon watch, the captain called for the carpenter to bring a small chisel into the cabin, and ordered him to make two little holes in the panels over the bead of his berth. Now, I believe, he had spoken to the ghost, and lie had told him there was money hid there, and that was what he hannted the brig for. At any rate, we had no more trouble with the ghost ; and as the captain was a wide-awake fellow for carrying sail, he cracked awav on her. so that we made the river Plate in a fortnight. We discharged our cargo in Monte Video, and loaded again with bides and horns, and the foreliold was stowed with horns. ' We had been at Monte about six weeks, and were to sail in a day or two, when one day, to wards dusk, I was down in the fo'eastle, and as I lay in my bunk, I heard the horns in the hold rattle as if some one was tossing them about at a great rate. Now we had stowed them as tight as they would wedge, and I thought the devil him self could not make them fetch away ; so I deter mined to see what the matter was. The next morning, when the hatches were taken off, I looked into the fore-hold, and there the lionis were wedged just as we left them ! that day, and went aboard a ship bound for New York. Two days after, the Rising Sun sailed, and in a week we followed her. We had been out to sea about three weeks, and were just north of the line, when, one morning, a look-out aloft sung out, ' Sail, ho 1' We bore down on the craft, and about noon we got within speaking distance. She was a brig standing the same way we were, with all sail set, stuu'-sails ou both sides, aud yet she did not make much way. ' We hailed her, but she said nothing ; we hailed again, but still she said not a word : and we then saw that there were no men on her decks. So our captain spoke, says ha, ' They are all fast, keeping watch below; we'll turn them out, before the brig falls overboard.' And lie sent a boat to board her, and I was one of her crew. As soon as I got on her deck I knew her. She was tho Rising Sun ! Everything on deck looked right, and she was going regular enough before tho wind, but there was no living thing to be seen. Jackets and shoes lay knocking about decks as they always do. The people's chests were all iu the fo'eastle ; aud the captain's dun nage was in the cabin, as if lie bad just been writing, Nothing was taken away, nor anything left adrift ; every rope was belayed right, and coiled up regular, and the decks wore clear. The log- book lay open in tho first-mate's state-room, „i,fl n noil wiflt inlr it l iir nfWnvt it iiriit nt the end of the last day's work (about a week be fore) was this — ' A strange man seen on the fore castle' — and then a mark, as if he had begun to write something else. ' That was enough for us. We hauled off as quick as we could, and got aboard our own ship, and made sail to got away ; when suddenly a tall black man appeared on the fo'eastle of the Rising Sun, walked slowly aft, and then went down into tlio cabin. The brig gave a heavy lurch to port, and went down head-fo'most ; and so ended the voyages of tbe Haunted Brig. What became of her men nobody knew ; they were never heard of to this day.' 