HOME AND FOREIGN NEWS. Pebsccdtidn op Pbotestasts n Spats. — On Wed nesday, December 6, a. very numerous and influ ential deputation waited on Lord John Bussell, her Majesty's Secretary of. State for Foreign Affairs, at his Lordship's official residence in Doiming-street, to present a memorial praying for tbe remonstrance of the English Government respecting the persecu tion of Protestants in Spain. Lord Stratford do Bed cliffe introduced the denotation. Lord J. Bussell. having listened with great attention to the state ments addressed to him by tbe various speakers, .said — I believe it is, unnecessary for me to say any thing on the general subject of religious liberty, or to state my opinion that religious persecution is equally liateful whatever may be tbe Government or die Teligion of the Government that enforces it I suppose wo an all of the same persuasion upon that point, and we are all agreed that persecution is equally hateful whatever may be the Government or the religion of the country in which it is prac tised, and that whether the country be Protestant or Homan-Catholic it is equally hateful. These are general principles upon which there can be no doubt, but these are matters that require a great deal of dis cretion in dealing with. I think if a Government has not the entire support of its people in executing the laws, which are often of a very ancient date, the interference of a foreign Government may be advan tageous. There may be other cases in wbich the Government and tha people themselves- and tbe press are bo bigoted and fanatical, that they view with satisfaction the punishment of those who suffer for liberty of conscience, and they would wish to ag gravate that punishment rather than diminish it =This if what I say -generally, so far as the purposes of this deputation are concerned, reserving to myself pie -*a a guide to some discretion in such eases, iu the 'interference which was prompted by Cromwell «nd-earried-Hft1-y Milton— end two more illustrious names it would perhaps be impossible to quote — in reference to the persecution of the Waldenses. where by the use of moral influence they obtained, if not the extinction, at least the cessation, of the persecu tion of tbe Waldenses. On this subject I have no reason to. think that the Spanish people generally have changed Hiose opinions they have long held as to keeping the faith of the country one and entirely nndisturbed by. any differences.of opinion ; bnt if 1 find that any step I can takes either by remonstrance or in any other way, will be effectual, you may de pend upon it that my feelings will prompt me to adopt it I am very glad to see there is so mnch feeling in this country on the subject, which perbaps will have more weight than any direct interference on the part of the Government. I wish to promote discussion upon this .subject, for it seems to me clear that the changes which are still required in many parts -of the world will be best promoted by the dif fusion of knowledge and by general and free discus sion.' Tlie noble lord's remarks were fremtently appUnded by the deputation, and thoy retired much plaased-with their reception. Bumour has supplied tbe Dover CkrmieU with ?the following singular morsel of gossip : — ?* Not long since the visitors' book at a large hotel within a hundred. miles of the Admiralty Pier received tbe name of *,a fine old Goglub gentleman,' upon whose head the snow of 70 winters liad left bnt little trace of its pathway. Being an early riser, he the other day left his conch shortly after dawn, to stir abroad to sip the morning air, and -unwittingly dropped bis purse while descending tbe staircase that led from lis chamber. Beaching but a short distance from the hotel before he discovered his loss;. he hastily re traced his steps,. and. on entering the house, inquired of the first person be encountered {a -chambermaid, just emerging from her teens) relative to the truant property. The inquiry elicited in reply that the /a*«c -£eitani£r£ had herself just found tlie purse, and was then on her way to deliver it to the proprietor of the hotel, in accordance with the rules of the es tablishment A transfer of the purse to tbe hands of its owner followed; and a cursory glance satisfying him that the contents were intact, be informed the finder that be would not forget her, anS then re tired. . Disappointed, and having but little hope that the promise, would be fulfilled, the domestic soon communicated to sundry of her fellow servants ; while the gentleman in another direction was devis ing how the most satisfactorily to all concerned be could award the (pretty, of course) chambermaid. A few minutes -sufficed for the deliberation ; and while the finder of the purse was in the act of com menting rather harshly on the absence Of prompt generosity in its owner, tbe ringing of a bell sum moned her -to an interview with tbe veritable fceotle man himself. Doubtless with the rapidity of thought her mind scanned the composition of her wardrobe, and fancy added some long-coveted articles of dress through the bounty of the stranger ; but, to her as tonishment, lie -offered .her his hand and fortune, which she accepted, and a few days ago obtained, as the reward for her honesty, a husband.' TflE Repeal Fascc — The editor of the Southern Reporter (Cork), wbo was himself a prominent mem ber of the. Irish revolutionary party in 1848, and suffered someinouths' incarceration under tbe Habeas Corpus Suspension Act in that 'year, thus) gives his opinion with respect to tbe late Bepeal demonstra tion at the Rotunda :— ' To enter into any argument with a view of demonstrating that the proposed revival of the agitation for Irish nationality is a wretched farce would be preposterous. We need bqt point to tbe meeting. Universal Ireland stands there represented by The O'Donognne, Mr. John Francis .Maguire. and the ghost— we presume— of Mr. O'Neal Daunt; for of the gentleman himself we do not re member to have heard for 10 years past. These men ~ substance or shadow— are to do the work which OConneU, Davis, Meagher, Dillon, O'Brien. Mi tchcl. backed jby the fervour of tiro-thirds of the Irish people, not merely failed, but miserably failed, to do. One -might .smile at the folly, if, one were . not as -tounded at the effrontery, of these new leaders. But ?the effrontery Is too much to smile at. That 13 or 4 insignificant persons should .take on themselves to .enact partainuoeaaurably^abpTe their, abilities, may be simply laughable; but that men .who have, been 'the systematic revilers and Blandereni of those moil .eoospicoou» for patriotism and pnbne virtue ip other lands— men who have been the apologists, of every crowned .and eceptred acqundrel who has earned a special reputation for Jus hatred of liberty, and «avage vnidietivenen'towarda'lts .advo^ies— that snch men should offer themselves as leaders ma struggle j-ro- feaing to hare Ijberty for i» object, ? in really' unen durable. . The manacle would be ?&]] on khe noblest limbs in Europe, the lash uplifted in fhe hands o.f tbe vilest tyrants, if the '.Botunjfa patriots could have bad their prayers fcut heard. ' And yet they .aare'tojprate of liberty-.; they. dare to rant -of nationhood. When they can point toanytandoo the earth'i wide' surface in wbich iberJjy and nationhood have. .oeengained:by empty braggart! and by selfish .rfnvrlatajn, we may believe in the possibility of their Enccess. Bnt, till we Jura bad snue such locality indicated, we shall regard this national revival as tbe most pitiable im postnre'of the day.' ;: ; ... ^_ .. ;.._, _?_ -, OseburageiCDeh .rriraiiiEVwiai a French ti^Son as haTbeWahown bf^ilt'Malidn ^rba^nFoaier ' muleations. He eiys:-^' If 20,000 Prencuroen were toJandin Irdand they .wpak) be Joined by ? fiery lam proportion of that Mctkm of She Catholics of Ireland irho have' nothing to loMr-and eTerrthing to gain byareTOlution. They will be opposed' by all tne.Pxobistautrand by a tarn 'portion of those Ca iht^wboa^c^teotwiUiEngWdommHiointhM Gonfiagratioii and plunder, with alternate' proscriCK LttoB*WDd connscatioti,'vill thus oe brongnt-itito cbe heart of oar country bzAe nS-ditant natwrnaSets of Inland.' ? An internecine war. will.i-e continued, per- - haps, fpc years, and it will result ^n a termination amniar to that which was brought about bythem snrreotionoTlDil. He bad hoped after Us return fromanstralia that toe nation would have given ap 'idle boasting,' and. that -efforts wonld -be made id catabltKh Mbito encourage a sound national: fading -? foeUng whiA could be shared bj; IVotesUnts as well aa by Bbman €atbDUei:'and which should be buediauMM the aamimeat of ?sff-reliuiee ; lasUy, tui^j^^aviiBjwt^hepaaoBLJii an aWtade of. pur^r. strength and unity, we should rba-re been pre paved*46.s^rau ourselves 6T wverj ^onttngenicy. tbs% might favour^he advancement oT tbelnter&U; of Ireland; wbetber «&ese4nterests; inbjKt'be of minor impor»aiipe Ji-f^ M -he;«»»ahli»binelit bf a steam oonnnnnkation with America — or ,th« restoration of tf^^^3^aepe|id^*^JBobcmlJ7,- ' .- ^..: Pdraind hsipaid a ttng^ar UeettiS iSFmpelk dreite|JikA# cbareoal man, «Bd had jme 'bononr of i neinr noolnmaDBad la Jus lillmiin cosinnie.. i wnmV%owfla*1-Bmb-3at a^r.'Biack; U to wheel a baneloraonrrrbm MianVU^rgtoiJarrolbm. The leginnntaKbani a»d. » ^martial jMid are vngaged «o ittflbd, mud - large crowdwUI line the road foribree mass which Mr. Black bis to travel. TBEATMtNT Or Com? DE SOLETL IS BoifBiT. — In the transactions of the Bombay Medical Society T there is an account of much value of Dr. Simpson's ? method of treating coup 4t total. The chief point in' treating this malady is, according to Dr. £„ to rouse the nervous energy, this being -mnst effectually ac complished by pouring cold waterfront a height over the bead and nape of tbe neck, and dasbing the same in the face and over the chest; and this shouH be persevered in as long as there is any tendency to sleep or coma, at the same time the patient should be roused up by speaking to him, and, if necessary. by shaking him. As soon as he can swallow, brandy ' or wine and ammonia, should be given in liberal quantities, and -frequently repeated, and calomel and crotoDoU be administered to act on the liver and move the bowels. The most distressing symptoms a man labouring under this disease complains of are a sense of suffocation and a dead weight at the scro biculns cordis. Dr. Simpson ssys that he has found that rubbing for some time tnrpentine over tbe chest and stomach affords the most effectual {relief. These remedies, 'together with stimulant eneroata and mustard cataplasms to the legs, are more likely to prove successful than any othertnow known. The after-treatment consists of nourishment and stimu lants, such as arrowroot, beef-tea, wine or 'brandy, and ammonia, together with cold applications to die head, blisters to nape of neck, and acting on tbe liverand bowels. Bleeding, either locally or gener ally, is inadmissible, more particularly if there is exhaustion from previous exertion. Dr. Simpson says that no patient can be consideredTont of danger till the skin becomes cool and moist. Lotus Napoleon Twcsrr-aoua Ycabs Ago.— The following letter, written by the Emperor when 'rinee Napoleon, was published by the Rationale in December, 1835, and is now reproduced by some I am =aboni to leave for Portugal as a' pretender to fbebana of Queen Donna Maria. Bowever Batter ing«-rmemay-be the supposition of a union with a young, beautiful, and virtuous Queen, widow of s- cousin who was dear to me, his iny duty to contra-' diet such a rumour, since no step known to me can have given rise to it. I must even add that, not withstanding tbe lively interest which is felt in the destinies of a -people who have just acquired their' liberties, I shonld refuse the honour of sharing the throne of Portugal, if by chance some persons should casftheir eyes on me for it. The noble con duct of my father, who abdicated in 1810 because he could not reconcile tbe interest* of France with those of Holland, has not been forgotten by me. My father, -by his just example, bas proved to me bow much one's country is preferable to a foreign throne. ? I feel, in fact, that accustomed from my infancy to love my country above all things, I can prefer nothing to French interests. Persuaded that the great name I bear will not always be a ground of exclusion in the eyes of my fellow countrymen, since it reminds them of fifteen years of glory, I await with calm, in a hospitable and free country, that the people will recal among them those wbo were exiled in 1815 by one million two hundred : thousand foreigners. This hope of one day serving France as a citizen and a soldier fortifies my bean, and is worth in my eyes all the thrones' of the world. — Accept, &c;, Kafoleos Louis Bosapabxe.' 