PARLIAMENTARY MANNERS AND MORALS. Aye marry, Sirs, now it begins to work ! HYPOCRISY has been described as " the homage which vice pays to virtue." It strikes us forcibly that the recipient of such homage is little honoured in her vassal — but let that pass. Admitting the form of the dictum to be unpleasant, it is based on substantial truth. Men dissemble their vices in deference to the general sense of society. If there were no recognised rules of right, there would be nothing to gain by cloaking wrong. And thus, though the hypocrite may be individually the worse for pretending to be what he is not, yet his doing so bears witness to the prevalence of principles which he habitually violates. In short, the shameless parade of any vice testifies that its opposite virtue is out of fashion. It would have been superfluous to blush for profligacy under Charles the Second, for venality in the days of Sir Robert Walpole, or for Mammon-worship during the brief reign of King Hudson. We never hoped much good from the assemblage which at present does duty for a Parliament. We looked for vulgarity, ignorance, much personality, and an unprecedented amount of jobbing. So far, things have gone pretty much as we anticipated. Only we had hoped for certain traditional observances which should veil at least, if they could not wholly conceal, the deficiencies of honorable members. The worst symptom in the new Assembly is not that it contains many bearish or unprincipled individuals, but that in the aere crasso, the ranker Parliamentary atmosphere, they no longer find it worth their while to affect courtesy or feign political principle. Under the first of these heads a good deal of allowance must be made for their ignorance. It may be fairly urged that many of the " new chums " in the House have never hitherto had an opportunity of studying those exterior decencies of manner and expression by which an ill-bred man may do homage to the laws of good breeding. There are others, however, who cannot claim the benefit of this plea. For instance, we know little of the antecedents of the honorable member for Morpeth, beyond what he has himself volunteered to communicate. But we are assured that his relatives were not of a class from whom he could have at that coarseness of phrase which promises to secure him a proud pre-eminence among delegated slang-whangers. But it is not our wish to dwell at any length on the question of Parliamentary decorum. Only one remark is due to the exigency of the case ; this namely, that an elective Assembly must be fallen very low in which a " responsible " Minister can venture on such unbridled insolence of manner as Mr. Robertson constantly exhibits in the House. Of course, reporters leave this untouched, and it is very difficult to convey an adequate idea of it by written description. But we will try to give an outline of the process by which the Minister for Lands annoys and endeavours to disconcert opponents whom he cannot answer. We will give a short extract from a late speech of Mr. Piddington's, showing in brackets the actual interruptions by the facetious Secretary. Our readers must imagine these vocal morceaux, accompanied by all those studied absurdities of gesture which are the despair of living clowns, and might well disturb the ghost of Grimaldi. Mr. Piddington: "I demur to a proceeding of this nature — [hee-aw, hee-aw] — taking credit for £50,000 which has never been received. [Haw, Haw, Haw, he-aw. ] I maintain that this is cooking the accounts — [Hee-aw] — and that it is throwing " dust in the eyes of the people." [Hee-aw, hee-aw, haw, haw.] And so on in extenso, the Minister chorussing every period of his opponent's arguments with " The long day see-saw of his horrible bray." If this can go on without protest, the House would not be much lowered by making Mr. Buchanan master of the ceremonies, or installing Mr. Lucas as professor of deportment. But political honesty is even of more importance than parliamentary or official courtesy; and this also is a virtue which in our present Assembly it is deemed superfluous to simulate. The debates and divisions of the last week are in no sense particularly edifying, but in the readiness exhibited by "Liberal" majorities, and "Liberal" Ministers to abandon professions and ignore principles, they are absolutely portentous. Take for instance the discussion on Mr. Macleay's motion with regard to the bridge at Gundagai. Mr. Charles Cowper, junior, found himself compelled by a prudent care for his own seat to abandon for the nonce his filial and political allegiance, and call on the Government for deeds instead of dodges. Yet while thus voting, he did justice to the paternal virtue by an enquiry remarkable for the beautiful simplicity with which it ignored the hypothesis of political honesty, actual or possible, in a Ministry of professing patriots. " How could the hon. member expect the Government to sanction this vote, when he was continually opposing them ?" How could he, indeed ! What intensity of greenness, to suppose it possible that the disposal of the public revenues could be conducted with a view to the public benefit, or to anything but the party interests of the Cabinet ! No less edifying, as indicating the generally received standard of parliamentary morality, was the debate on Mr. Weekes' financial scheme. Half a dozen "liberal" members in succession rose to declare their strong disapproval of abolishing the tea duty in order to a most is- judicious increase of that on rum, and at the same time to announce their intention of voting for what they so disapproved. Now, this, it will be seen, was no trifling question ; it involved first, the parting with a large and certain revenue of by no means an oppressive character, without pro- viding any reliable equivalent; secondly, the raising yet higher of a heavy duty, paid exclusively by the working classes; and, lastly, the almost certain promotion of smuggling and illicit distillation, with their attendant vices and crimes. But, per contra, had these honorable members voted according to their convictions, the Ministry (perhaps) have resigned, and (possibly) not resumed office ! One gen- tleman, in pointing out the calamities conse- quent on such a result, mentioned the loss of the new Council Bill! — forgetting, in all the enthusiasm of inconsistency, that he had already denounced that bill as radically bad! But why dwell on detail ? There was a ministerial and white" principle. vivant, qui nigra in candida verturit! But if honesty may be trumpeted as a means pf success, no less may it be paraded as the grand reserve in cases of failure. The debate on Friday night brought out a Ministerial dis- play worthy of the brazen age. We do not wish to flatter, but we really any doubt whether any sublimer feat of impudence stands recorded even in Liberal history. The motion before the House was for the second reading of the bill for declaring the church and school lands waste lands of the Crown, It would, be beside our pur- pose to enter into the merits of the measure. enough to say, that the Premier denounced it as a disgraceful act of spoliation, and the Minister for Lands declared, that if it passed he could not and would not proceed with the Land Bill. So the Government tried to defeat the measure by moving the previous question, and were beaten, three Cabinet Ministers being in the minority. The original motion for the second reading of the bill was now put, and it might have been supposed that Ministers would persevere in offering a united resistance to the measure, which had so shocked the Cabinet conscience. But no — it was by this time evident that the second reading would be carried, and instructions were issued accordingly to divide the ministerial forces and shun the appearance of a Cabinet defeat. So Messrs. Arnold and Weekes joined the majority — followed by Messrs. Garrett, Moriarty, and C. Cowper, junior. Comment on this proceeding would be superfluous. It remains, however, to be seen whether Robertson the legislator will prove more in earnest than Robertson the Cabinet Minister, or whether he will contrive to forget or explain away his rash menace — to drop his bill in metaphor, and resign in a non-natural sense. As we have before intimated, the honorable gentleman is not one from whom we should expect any spontaneous homage to veracity, nor are the influences surrounding him such as to exact the tribute which he is little inclined to pay. The hour and the man must both change, ere he draws his libations from the well of truth, or pours them on the altar of consistency. 