FOURTEEN YEARS WITH THE ABORIGINES. (From Dr. Lang's Work on Queensland.) James Davies is a son of a Scotch blacksmith, who followed his calling first in the Old Wynd, and after- wards at the Bloomielaw, in the city of Glasgow, about forty years ago. The father brought up his son to his own business, but the latter turned out a bad character, and was transported to New South Wales, per the ship Minstrel, in the year 1824, being only sixteen years of age at the time. His transportation, however does not seem to have reformed him in any degree, for he was again transported for some colonial misdeed to the penal settlement at Moreton Bay. He was there employed at the forge, along with another young man in similar circumstances. The commandant at Moreton Bay at that period was Captain Logan, of the 57th regiment, who, being very zealous in the cause of geographical discovery, and accustomed to take long solitary excursions into the wild bush, was at length unfortunately murdered by the black natives, probably in revenge for some act of aggression committed upon themselves by one or other of the convicts under his charge. Captain Logan was a strict and rather severe disciplinarian, and so liberal in the application of the lash, that Davis and his companion fearing that it might shortly be their turn to be flogged, although they had never been punished in the settle- ment, absconded, and "took to the bush." Proceeding to the northward, they soon fell in with a numerous tribe of black natives, by whom they were kindly received and treated with the utmost hospitality; Davies being recognised as one of their own number, who had died, or been killed some time before, returned to life again. Davies is by no means good-looking as a white man; and was not surprised at the natives fancying he was a second avatar, or incarnation of one of themselves. The name of the native he was supposed to represent had been Darumboy, and this was thenceforth his native name. The recognition of the supposed relationshlip was attended, in the first instance, with lamentations mingled with rejoicing; and Davies was immediately atopted by the parents of Darumboy, who were still alive, and regularly supplied with fish in abundance, and any other description of provision they happened to possess. The tribe in which Davies and his companion were thus naturalised had their usual place of habitation (if such a phrase can be used with propriety in reference to a migratory people, who never stay more than a few nights in any one place), at a considerable distance in the interior, although they occasionally visited the coast to vary their usual sustenance and mode of life by fishing ; and it was on one of these occasional visits to the coast that Davies was found and brought back to civilised society, as I have already stated, by Mr. Andrew Petrie, after he had been upwards of fourteen years among the natives, and had long given up all thought or expectation of ever returning to the society of civilised men, His companion, however, had in the meantime, and when they had both been only a short period among the natives, fallen a victim to his ignorance of the native superstitions. For the tribe being on the coast and encamped near some inlet of the sea, where oysters and and other shell fish were abundant, and all that were able being employed in gathering the shell- fish, Davies' companion being in want of a basket or other receptacle for those he had collected, and observing a dilly, or native basket, which is usually formed of a strong native grass, very neatly plaited, hanging in the hollow of a tree close by, he took it down, and finding it contained only a quantity of bones he threw them out, and filled the dilly with oysters. These bones, however, were those of a deceased native of the tribe, which had thus, in conformity with the native usage in such cases, been solemnly deposited in their last resting place: and the deed which the white man had done quite unconsciously in removing them and throwing them out was regarded by the natives as the greatest sacrilege, and punishable only with death.The unfortunate young man was accordingly surprised and killed very shortly thereafter. Davies had, on one occasion, some time thereafter, very nearly fallen a victim himself to the ferocity of the natives. In their natural state they have domesticated the dingo, or native dog of the colony, and every tribe is accompanied in all its wanderings by a number of these creatures, which assist them in hunting the bandicoot and opossum, and which are generally half-starved, lean, and mangy, so that "lean as a blackfellow's dog" is the usual colonial simile for extreme poverty. They are very fond of these animals, however, especially the women, who not unfrequently suckle the puppies along with their cnildren. Darumboy's mother had a favourite of this kind, as is not uncommon among her sex, even in more civilised countries, which Davies by some means accidentally killed. The loss of this animal excited the bad passions of the old savage to the highest degree, and perhaps led her to suspect the reality of the white man's relationship to her family; for she actually instigated her husband to murder Darumboy in revenge for the loss of her dog. This, it seems, the old man was not indisposed to do; for, scowling at Davies, and working himself up into a frenzy of passion at him, he told him he was not Darumboy, but "Mawgooy," a spirit or ghost, which he intended, of course, as a term of great reproach. At all events, Davies saw that his life was no longer in safety, and that his only security lay in putting the old black fellow in bodily fear of him. So being a short stout, powerful man, he "turned to," as he termed it and gave the old savage a sound beating — I presume with his fists, which he probably learned to use at the Broomielaw, and which even the savage, who had no idea of such close quarters, was not accustomed to use in that way, preferring a stick or a club, like the natives of the Green Isle. Having thus effecually subdued the old man, he exerted himself for some time hereafter in procuring a liberal supply of food for the family, and by this means he conciliated their affections once more, and succeeded in keeping the peace. In regard to the word Mawgooy, I may mention, as an additional illustration of the singular diversity of lauguages among the aboriginies of Australia, that it is not known among another tribe of black natives whom Davis visited, considerably further northward; the word there for the ghost of a man being Muther, and for that of a women Toacrn. The synonyme for a ghost in another tribe which he visited was Balooyeh. I met with Davies quite acci- dentally at a squatter's station, on the Pine River, where he arrived on one of the evenings I was there, along with four black natives. He was then in the perfor- mance of a most benevolent action. For a person of the name of Thomson having gone some time before, along with his wife and three men, in a boat, on an expedition to the northward, where a vessel bad been wrecked on the coast, in the expectation of finding something valua- ble at the wreck, and having never returned there was a report in circulation at Brisbane that the four men had a!! been murdered by the black natives, and that the woman was still alive among them. Davies had known the parties, and, commiserating the case of the poor woman, he had generously offered to proceed to the spot, a distance of about two hundred and fifty miles, and to bring her back, or ascertain the truth concerning her. We all felt very much interested in the object; and as Darumboy struck into the forest, with his gun over his shoulder, and a kangaroo dog in a leash by his side, followed in Indian file by the four blackfellows, I believe each offered a silent prayer to the Almighty for their success. Not to return to the subject, I may add that Davis, having proceeded to the spot where the murder was said to have happened, as- certained that the report had been unfounded — the boat having swamped, and all on board having perished before reaching the land. During his residence among the blackfellows Davies had travelled as far, as he hought, as 300 miles to the northward of Moreton Bay; being passed along from tribe to tribe, like a blind man soliciting charity, from one farm house to another, in Scotland. By every tribe, however, which he visited, in his journey, he was uniformly taken for a deceased native returned to life again ; and his arrival among any tribe that had never seen a white man before was generally an event of intense interest to the natives. They would gather around him in a crowd, and gaze at him for a time apparently in silent awe and veneration — endeavouring to discover some likeness between him and any particular deceased native whom they supposed he resembled, asking him whether he was not that native come to life again. And when any such resemblance was recognised, the relatives of the deceased, if not at hand, were apprised of the fact, and a scene of mingled lamentation and rejoicing, such as one might anticipate in such circumstances, immediately succeeded ; the relations of the deceased native cutting themselves with shells or sharpened weapons, till the blood would stream down, and the supposed dead man come to life again being thence-forth treated with the very best the tribe could furnish. On some occasions,however, the black natives could not discover any resemblance between the white stranger and any of their deceased friends, and in these cases, the onus probandi, in regard to the identity of his person, was thrown upon himself, as in such instance he was usually asked who he had been, and what had been his name when he was a blackfellow, and before he died. This was rather a dificult question for Davies to answer, without getting. himself into scrapes, either by betraying his ignorance of the nomenclature of the tribe, or by exhibiting no resemblance to the individual whom he might otherwise nave pretended to personate. I could not help admiring, therefore, the ingenuity with which he extricated himself out of this dilemma — for, being naturally remarkably shrewd and intelligent, his uniform answer in such cases was that it was so long since he died that he had quite forgotten what name he had had when he was a black man, and with this answer the simple natives were always satisfied. But the manner in which the aborigines of the northern districts generally dispos of the dead appeared to me to be the most important point on which the evidence of Davies could be brought to bear ; and it will doubtless be horrifying to the reader to learn from that evidence, corroborated as it is by independent and un- questionable testimony, that in that part of Queensland, the bodies of the dead, whiether they fell in battle or died a natural death, are, with the exeption men and women, uniformly fights of the aborigines are therefore bloody ; and on such occasions of the combatants, are carried on, and eaten by their respective friends, as many as ten or twelve dead bodies of the parties engaged, after one of these which were skinned, roasted, and eaten by After the dead body has been subjected to the scorching with firebrands, it becomes an almost to be capable of standing upright the subject happens to be a male, the subsequence the process is performed by females ; but if a female is performed by males. The body is then extended its face, and certain parties,who have been sitting apart in solemn silence (for the whole affair conducted with the stillness of a funeral solemity), forward, and with a red pigment, which shows strongly upon the white ground, draw lines back and along the arms from each shoulder down to wrist. These parties then retire and others, who had previously been sitting apart in solemn silence come forward in like manner, and with sharp shells the citis vera, or true skin,along these lines. skin of the body is then stripped off inone piece, ing the ears and the finger-nails, with the the skin of the face, which is cut off. The whole is performed with incredible expedition, and the skin is then stretched out on two spears to dry, the being sometimes hastened by lighting a fire under skin. Previous to this operation, however, the restored to its natural colour by being anointed all over with a mixture of grease and charcoal. When the body has thus been completely flayed, dissectors step forward and cut it up. The legs first cut off at the thighs, then each arm at the shoulders and last of all the head ; not a drop of blood appears during the process. The larger sections are then divided and portioned out among the expectant multitude each of whom takes his portion to one or other of the fires, and when half-roasted devours it with great app relish. The flesh of the natives in the northern country generally is very fat, and that of children, which are never skinned like adults, particularly so. Davies often seen a blackfellow holding his portion of his fellow- creature's dead body to the fire in one hand, on a or piece of wood stuck through it like a fork or with a shell or hollow piece of bark under it in the to receive melted fat that dropped from it, and drinking it up when he had caught a sufficient quantity to f draught with the greatest gusto. In this way the diappears with incredible rapidity, the bones being soon cleaned of every particle of flesh. The bones then carefully collected and placed in a dilly or bark and forwarded by a trusty person to all the neighbouring tribes, in each of which they are mourned over suc sively for a time by those to whom the deceased was known. They are then returned to the tribe to which that deceased belonged, and carried about by his relatives for months, or even years till at length they are deposited permanently in a hollow tree, from which it is esteemed unpardonable sacrilege, as appears from the fate of Davies' companion, to remove them. If the deceased has fallen in battle there is no coroner's inquest, so to speak, held on the subject of his death ; but if he has died a natural death, in the vigour of youth or man it is always presumed by the natives that his dissolu has been brought about by some unfair means — witchcraft or sorcery, of course — and an inquiry into cause of it is instituted accordingly. With this view soothsayer or exorcist of the tribe, or some person corresponding to the priest Chaleas in the Grecian under the walls of Troy (for superistitution is remark consistent with itself in its development in all carries round the skin, along with certain with the two spears on which it has been stretchered and dried, in the corroboree, or general assembly of natives, which is always held on these occasions stopping at every step as he comes up to another another black native in the extended circle, he pretends to ask the skin if this was the man who killed him. If the answer which the skin is aliged to return, and whcih, of course, is audible to the soothsayer exclusisvely, declares the innocence of the individual, the processlon passes and the question is repeated before the next native at length there is some unfortunate individual found wh the skin of the dead man is alleged by the soothsayer have accused of killing him, and the fact is significant annouced to the corroboree, by the soothsayer striking the two spears into the ground, with the skin distended upon them before the alleged culprit.The latter thenceforth marked out for death, and though nothing should be done to him at the time, he is sure to be eventually surprised and killed, and his body to be disposed of in the same way. The skins of the deceased are carefully preserved among the trible, and, as I have already observed, are frequently placed either under or over sick persons, aa an effectual specific, against witch- craft or sorcery. The aborigines of Australia, if therefore, decided cannibals ; the general mode of di ing of the dead being the one I have described, and exceptions being merely the cases of old men and women dying of the infirmities of age. In the latter cases bodies are either buried, burned, suspended on trees, left to dissolve into their original elements in the hollow of trees. Davies acquits the northern natives infanticide, of which some of those elsewhere are certain guilty, and denies that they ever put oldpeople death; their relatives generally providing for them, and holding them in great reverence. He maintains that they never put any one to death merely for the of human flesh; but the customs of their country and their race, from time immemorial, render it incumbent upon them, and a sacred duty, to devour the dead bodies of their relatives and friends in the manner I have de- scribed; even the dead body of an enemy slain in battle is never eaten by his enemies, but by his own friends. In one instance, within his own knowledge tile child of a black man and woman having died in the evening, its parents had devoured nearly the whole body by the morning. At the corroborres that are always held on the occasion of these feasts upon the dead, women chaunt songs or dirges, and strike upon the thighs with the palms of their hands by way of recompaniment. At a station at which I was staying there were three interesting native girls, about ten or eleven years of age, the granddaughlters of the old of the district, who, by way of compliment to struck up a song of this kind as they were sitting on a benrch close by the door of the house at whcih I was standing at the time, striking their thighs in the way I have described, and standing up together and leaping and clapping their hands in concert, as they became animated. The cadence was very simple, wild and melodious, and reminded me strongly of some of the plaintive airs of the Highlands of Scotland. 