SANITARY SCIENCE. (fbom all tub tear bodwd, octo BEE, 29.) Many of the Levities! laws are sani tary laws. In tbe 4th chapter of Leviticus, and beginning at tbe 33rd Terse, we have tbe signs of leprosy and plaoge'ia bouses described, and means of removing or destroying such leprosy and plague set forth. The description is sot more curioos than it is true of bouses ia the present day. There are at Ibis time in London, and in Great Britain generally, as also over the whole of the known world, sites and houseB with subsoils so tainted, and tbe walls of the houses so leprosy, plague-stricken and foul, that the entire removal of such houses, and of the material, id the only safe remedy. Some of our hospital sur geoos could have defined streets, and even booses, from wbicb patients suffer ing under certain forms of malignant diseases were regularly brought, and had been brought, for years. With the destruction of such nouses tbere has been a cessation of that form of virulence in tbe particular class of disease. ' And he shall break down the house, the stones of it, and the timber thereof, and all the mortor of tbe bouse ; and he shall carry them forth out of the city, into ao un clean place.' Examine the cities in the East, and we shall fiod pre-eminent ignorance of sanitary law, and consequent filth, squal our, and human misery, disease, and ptematare death. Tbe entire subsoil is a vast mass of putrid and putrefying human and aainial refuse and ordure. Recently in Calcutta, tbe workmen em ployed to excavate tbe trenches for lay ing gas-pipes died from the effeots of tbe noxious gases liberated by breaking through the upper oxydized crust of foul deposit, the accumulation of years. Sunshine, rain, and wind are moat power ful disiufeetora. It it were not ao, tbe sites of cities and bouses would long since have become more deadly than the emanations from the upas-tree of fable. Owners of estates and builders of houses are alike ignorant of sanitary laws, even now id this our day, are alike careless as to consequences. Architects design and execute cloud capped towers, solemn temples, and gorgeous palaces, but only that these buiidinga, with richly carved outsides, may become vast poison generatora, bealth-de&troyera; and life ufaorteners. In this huge metropolis ao real remedy is applied to the sanitary evils existing, oor does a remedy be sup plied from an y portion of tbegigaiitio placs of the Metropolitan Board of Works. Outlet sewers will not purify tbe mileB of sewers now ruinous and choked with foul deposit Disinfecting may be a slight palliative, but it is not an effectual remedy. Tbe Queen, lords, and Commons fare do better in their new and gorgeous palace at Westminster than the poorest subject is the realm. Tbe architect has ela borated the outside of the building witb carvings in endless repetitions, whilst within there is rottenness generating the seeds of disease and premature death. This ' gorgeous buildiog ' has been placed on a site below the level of river floods and daily tides. All the sewers and drains are within tbe ' richly-carved walls ;' all the traps and sinks connect every apartment with such drains and sewers; and tbe foul oouteatsare retained by river flood and tidal waters, to fer ment and give off tbe injurious gases of decomposition. Tbe Government of the day had the wisdom to consider the ques tion of ventilation, and some hundred tboosonds of pounds sterling have been laid out, and many thousands are an nually expended, to work tbe ventilating apparatus provided. The architect did not, however, believe in the ventilating doctor; and, consequently, little besides cost, blundering, quarrelling, and law expenses, have come of tbe money ex pended on ventilation. The corridors and tbe commitee-rooms are totally un ventiiated. London is said to he ?' (he bestxwirered large city in the world,' and this, do doubt, it) true; but London sewers require many improvement*. The flat inverts and ruinous sides retain ait the foul solids sad tbe subsoil soaks io the tainted fluids, so that the earth beneath and the air above are alike poisoned. The greater portion of the sewers in 'Westminster, around end within Buckingham Palace, and about Belgravia, have been con structed of bad sectional forms, with defective, spongy, porongj bricks and inferior mort«r, and are, consequently, inefficient. Fever has prevailed in the neighbourhood. Tbe foul sewers of London taint the atmosphere in the streets, and, through drains, contaminate the air within the houses. Many of the inhabitants of London jads;e as to changes of weather by tbe effluvium from their oVaian During Ihe go-called iii«infecling opera lions of la*t summer, Ule peculiar taint of certain dwinfi-cting «a!--iial, paxatd down the inaiu sowers, «ran pereeivpii »iittin tbe bouses on each bide of lh« Htreets; proving that S'-wer gasi-s enn 'Unity have &«--'»« to the iate;ior of gucb I)OU8pB. Tbe fa«hionabl« rwreliit describe vast iDinMoaa, uurrotiQ.lei bf park au.l gaidt- ns, where servants in gorgeous liveries attend th» tioble and wealthy o( tbe laud. In tin's England of ours, many such houses bear names reuo woed iu history, and are celebrated in song. The fashionable, novelist would write some thing as follows :— ' Before us stood the embattled walls of this famous cattle, oat of whose gateB lords, knights, and ladies rode forth to partake of the excite ment of the chase, in the wide-spreading meadows and extensive woods around.' Or, 'The traveller arrived before the entrance to tbe park. Ad elaborately polished stone archway, gateB of cunning workmanship, riobly edged with gold, lodge and gateway bearing the arms of tbe noble family, stood partially shroud ed amidst lull-grown trees. A neatly kept carriage-drive led on through forest trecseenturies old, amidst which sotkred deer bounded in native freedom. At eaoh turn of tbe road some new beauty was opened to view, until at length glimpses were seen of grass and water, and then was fully revealed a breadth of lake and lawn ; above which terrace on terrace, rose the palace-like residence of bis grace.' There are many seats ia England more picturesque than tbe words even of the novelist can paint. Nature and ait combine to make a perfect whole. Within, we tread polished floors and velvet pile to examine tbe evidences of luxury and taute. Every square yard of wall and celling has been an artistio study. Windows of coloured glass light up ball and corridor with rainbow-tinted shadows. Great artists are represented in cabinet pictures bearing fabulous prices. Wealth, judgement, and refined taste bave accomplished all that money could do to make a luxurious and com fortable abode for intellect and worth. Sanitary knowledge bag aloue been absent. Tbe castle may be surrounded with remains of a moat, the whole baseicent subsoil may be damp and rotten, so that leprous blotches of mildew and decay are spread over floors and walls. The mansion, in ha beautiful grounds, may stand upon a wet subsoil, ever damp and cold. The architect wa« skilled in all the learning of the Greeks and Romans, in grouping ageless calamus to bear in congruous pediments, filled wilh uiiiiifai, ing sculpture. There may be no room for even an architectural pedant to iiod fault, as there is *? precedent' for every line, and for every break, aud for every form. Tbe elevation in central mass and wings, from ground to sky line, is presumed to be ' perfect.' Yet, who has thought of sanitary arrangements ? Not tbe architect, Tbe family physician, generation after generation, visits aud prescribes in orapy-written Latin. The grand house swarms with quadruped vermin ; the natives in the adjoining village kcow when the family is at home or from home by the migrating tnove meut of the rats. Servants suffer from rheumatism and fever, ladies may have died of consumption, aod several heirs to the illustrious house may have been gathered to their fathers in babyhood. Tbere has been fresh decorating, renewed painting and gilding, additional pictures and statuary. But, year by year, foul subsoil, foul drains, and foul sewers be come still fouler. Here is no over-statement. There are few houses in which, or about which, (here are sot some causes of discomfort whicb are easily removable. Tbe sewers may be too large and not sufficiently ventilated, the drains may honeycomb the basement and not remove the refuse passed into them, the water may be hard, tbe tanks and cisterns may be in im proper places, and may also be neglected and foul with deposited sediment. Base ments, balls, staircases, corridors, and rooms may he untvctilated, a considera ble number of the rooms may be per manently without sunshine, and SDine eves without any direct sunlight A princely income will not secure health to any person voluntarily, or otherwise, passing tbe greater part of his time in such character ot bouse. An untainted subsoil a thoroughly-ventilated base went, large and lolty rooms, exposed to direct sunshine, pure water, preserved pure for use, afford a chance of health and comfort. Carving, gilding, rich carpets, costly works of art, and close and dark rooms, may osly contribute to Bplendid misery. There are many bouses in Great Bri tain which have inherited evil reputa tions ; tbere is a 'ghost's room,' or ' a ghost's corridor,' or 'ghost's tower,' or 'ghost's terrace.' Tbe true ghost's walk is, however, in the basement ; amongst and through foetid drains and tout tewers, tbe ghost's receptioncham bers are ancient cesspools, and tbe ghoul's nectar ib drawn from tainted walls and neglected w&ter-oifderns.; There are British ghost's ; but tbere are also con tinental ghost's, if possible, more terrible, the chilling palaces of Italy, the gilded splendours of Paris, are alike ghost' haunted. Your only exorcist is tbe sanitary engineer. 