MY HOLIDAY. Heaiibh, bi e you a politician: Ilavc you ever felt an interest in the Land question, for that appears at the present time to be the political touchstone ? — and, if 60, lias your interest ever carritd you to the extreme length of attending tlie debates in Parliament : If it has, 1 know at once that I have a sympathiser in you. I know, as well aB if you had confidentially whispered it into my eBr, that for the first few minutes of your first visit you sat awc- Btruck at the presence in which you found yourself ; that you admired the Speaker's roues, and whispered nervously in face of the robed and handed clei ks ; that you felt a nascent tremor as lawmaker after lawmuker entered the Chamber and took his scat ; and that you settled yourself snugly down in your eeat in the anticipation of hear ing eometliing that should cdifv and delight jou, as the great Older of the Dav was called on. I know, too, that these feelings gradually died away within the first half-hour, and that the second halt hour passed over rapidly by reason of tlie expectation you entertained of witnessing the sharp encounter of wits, the clash of mind with mind in wordy strife ; but as the time went on, I know also your feeling of disappointment, as you found that there was the wordy- strife without the mind— the sharp encounter, \- but with only small wits. I am aware, likewise, that as your hope of being interested gradually faded away, the time drew on heavily, and that you leaped joy ously from your seat when the House rose for refresh mcnt, and that when it sat again, your place knew you no more. What, let me ask you, would your feelings have been, if, after your return home, when you fancied you had for ever escaped the horrid flow of words that deluged the Parliament Chamber, and pressed heavily upon your aural tympanum, you had been ruthlessly dragged from the domestic liearth, trans ported to the Assembly gallery, and there chained like a galley slave to the bench, doomed by a refinement of ' cruelty that no Inquisition has yet reached, to listen hour after hour to the bad grammar, the illogical reasonings, the distorted sentences and the murdered English of some of our legislators ? As a man and a Briton, you would not have borne such treatment ; but, like our great Premier on a recent occasion, would have appealed to the country. I never yet met the man who could ait steadily for two hours, and listen patiently to tlie frothy declamations of ? but, I won't mention names. I am not naturally vindictive, and though I have suffered much at the hands or ? some particular legislators, I am not exactly disposed to crush them into nothingness. Header, have you read my appeal off misericordiam* Do you u ish to know why I desire to enlist your pity : I am a reporter !— One who in tlie innocence of his heart, in his very young and very green days, tnougtit it an exceedingly clever thing to leam ahott hand; and who is now, like the ghost of Hamlet's father 'doomed for a cer tain space,' not exactly to ' walk the night' for even the cold comfort of the midnight promenade is denied him, but to sit till he 'sniffs the morning breeze,' listening to bad grammar and worse English which lie has to dish up in a presentable form for the breakfast table of the great public. Am I not a fit object for compassion ? Had I not some other subject in hand just' new, I could, like the ghost aforesaid, 'a tale unfold would barrow up your blood,' of deliberate inflictions of words, of cold blooded attacks, of bland persuasions, of palpable soft soapings, aye, and even ol impassioned appeals that I have bad to submit to ; and though I bare had to ' grin and bear them,' after the manner of the young sea wolves, by the end of the session I always find myself tlie worse for them ; and the relief that land my -confreres experience when the announce ment is jnsde, ' 'l list on ? his Excellency will come down and prorogue the House,' is, to use one of our own favourite expressions, ' more easily imagined than described.' t\ ith ub, the recess of Parliament is always a holiday ; for what, though we may be busy every day — what, though wc may occasionally be harder worked— what though annual meetings of all possible societies start up thick as mushrooms the moment the legislatorial doors arc closed, still they come fresh and fresh upon us ; a religious meeting on Monday being act off by an ' Extensive Fire ' on Tuesday, rord the Wednesday's interesting lecture, to which wc have perhaps listened six different times at six different places, until we almost know it by heart, being rubbed out of our memory by a ' Dreadful Murder ' on Thursday. It is the humdrum, wishy washy no ideas of the Parliament that tell on us, making our hair grey before its time from our con stant sortow at seeing ' bearded men,' as Donaldson used to call them, playing such fantastic tricks,' on the fit ire of this House.' The recess, then, is a holiday, aud a leave of absence in a recess is a holiday within a holiday — an imptrhttn in impcrio—and consequently is doubly enjoyable ; and great was my delight wlicn I received tliis leave, and mighty were my preparations to spend it as such a time ought to be spent. IIow 1 passed my holiday it is now my business to describe. 'Different people have different ways of getting through a holiday. A friend of mine always passes his in bed, and if mine bad happened in the 'middle of the session, I don't know but what I might have done so too, for- it is very hard to bear up against tlie soporific influence of ' this House.',(My wife thought the most comfortable way would be to sit at home and read, or have a cosy chat by the fire ; and a fellow scribe suggested lying in the Domain and smoking ail day, as the very acme of enjoyment. I did not agree vvith either of these suggestions, but re solved upon s pedestrian tour, and for its locale fixed upon a district where sttangers' visits are ' few and far between,' and where the foot of tiie touriBt but seldom treads— 1 mean tliat part of the sea coast that lies between Manly Beach and Broken Bay. NY ondrous tales were told me of the manner in which game abounded in that part of the country. Wallaby scoured the bush in flocks, and would run over you if you did not gc-t out of tlteir way. Wild ducks were so numerous that they were only too thankful to he shot that the redundant population of the swamps might be thinned off; wonga-wongas sat cooing their harsh note in every tree that lined the way ; and bronze wings were so' common as to have fallen into general disrepute. Believing a very great deal less then tlie half of what I heard, I of course provided myself with a gun and its accompaniments powdc-r and shot, and strapping my blankets on to my shoulders, took passage by the Phantom to Manly Beach. I am not very tall, nor am 1 very short; neither do I pretend to have a very commanding i figure— though since the volunteer movement I have cultivated beard and moustacbeB; and as 1 sallied forth with my blanket at my back and the ' billy,' or tin pot, for tea making, which bush requirements render necessary, hung at my waist, I am afrtid that; despite the gun in my hmd, and the powder flask and shot belt hung ostentatiously in front, and despite my moustache (which, by the by, my wife will persist in calling ' brualt-y '), I had not a very sportsmanlike appearance, for some of those young vagabonds that infest the streets, the gamins of Sydney, called after mc as I went, ' Hooray ! off for the Snowy.' Ibad contrived to inveigle two friends to join me in my expedition, and as I shall hare frequently to sDeak of them in the course of these adventures I may as'well krit fly introduce them to the public. The first, whom I shall call Tom, is a keen sportsman, and a first-rate shot, clad in the regular orthodox shooting coat of many pockets, with corduroy unmentionables, and lace- up watertight hoots, about which there was a per petually recurring difficulty. The other is an old Bock hampton chum of mine, who has recently been on a visit to England, but has returned after only a very brief sojourn, in order, as he informed me in confidence, ' to get dry ' — the wet season that he experienced in England never having allowed liim to attain to that state of beatitude. His peculiar idiosyncracy is a love of case, and a disinclination to take more- trouble over a thing than is absolutely necessary for effecting it. To save trouble in writing, I shall abbreviate his name into Nat, Wc had appointed to rendezvous at Manly, and there we alt assembled on the arrival ot the steamer. Having made an equal division of the various articles to be taken with us in such a way as that each should have, as nearly as possible, the same weight to carry, we Bhouldcred our swags for a start, when Tom suddc-nly remembered that our dogs were not forthcoming. Down went our loads again, whilst Tom made oft to get one ofthe two animals that were to accompany us. In about half-an-hour he returned, leading a kangaroo dog by a leash, and once more wc buckled on our loads, and this time made a start. Scarcely, however, had we got into the roadway, than our animal became restive, hung back 'in the leash, and, in consequence of a rather impatient drag on the leading strap, drew lier head clean out of the collar. No sooner did she find herself free than she scampered off through the bush in a totally opposite direction to that by which we proposed to travel, utterly inattentive to the wjpstlings and the coaxing appeals of Tom, who, as the hound disappeared in the distance, gradually sank his note down to a growl, and ultimately to an exple tive. As we all stood leaning sorrowfully upon our guns and looking mournfully along the track of the fugitive, we must have offered to the passer-by a very pretty picture of personified disappointment ; ana, as it is considered absolutely dt rigueur to be ac companied by kangaroo dogs when out after wallaby, wc felt that tliis was a mischance that must under 'any circumstances be remedied. As luck would have it, however, a gentleman resident in that vicinity, who had no doubt marked our disconsolate visages, and pitied our deserted position, very kindly came forward, and offered to lend us his dog — ' a regular nipper' — as Tom, on liis own personal knowledge declared him to be. Of course we were only tco thankful for the offer, and after a brief delay, the dog was secured as we thought mid wc made another start, picking up our second animal, a very handsomckangaroodognamedSpanker, as we passed the Steyne Hotel, and going on our way rejoicing. But alas ! our felicitations were ill-timed, since we had scarcely proceeded half a-mile before the regular nipper made a dive forward, a start back ward, a sudden and indescribable shake and wriggle, and io he was free ot the leash, leaving behind in the hands of the astounded Tom the complicated aeries of knots which he had only a few minutes before defied the sleekest headed hound in creation to slip. Before any one of ub could muster up presence of mind enough to call, whist e, or coax, the regular nipper, w ith his tail hard jammed down between his legs, had disappeared in tlie scrub, in the moBt direct route homewards. The faithful Spanker, however, was still left to us, and we were fain, as the after noon was drawing on apace, to be con tented with one dog, the more especially as that dog followed us of his own accord, influenced evidently by an innate love of eport. 1 am afraid that our parting addresses to the 'nipper' were not exactly benedictions, but we were all of the one opinion that we were better rid of the nuisance of dragging liim along, and we consequently made tracks much more lightly and cheerfully from being relieved of this incubuE. Before altogether leaving Manly and crossing the lsgoon that divides it from the country to the north ward , we took one last look at the locality we wer leaving. We were about to penetrate into an all bu unknown country, for the wild legends respecting it current amongst Manly aboriginals have hitherto been regetded as fabulous ; and as we thus looked back at the civilisation wc were quitting and forward into the wild scrub of Ti tea and honeysuckle, the feelings in our Cockney breasts were, I believe, some what akin to those which Leichhardt, Mitchell, or some other great explorer must have felt when from some giant ridge oi the far interior lie has looked back upon the station — the last vestige of civilisation he w as quitting— and then forward into the wild, dark, and unknown sea of leaves that moaned and rustled before him. We had not all the little accessories that alti rid your great explorers, or perhaps we might amongst us have got up a little poetic fervor, and have perpetrated a few 'lines on leaving Manly Beach on an exploratory tour to Fittwater.' ' I think 1 should have done something sentimental myself, for, as I looked back, I pictured to myself my better-half mourning disconsolately in her bower for the other, the worse half, that wasn't forthcoming ; and my radicals of boys rushing home from school, and loudly calling for bread-and-butter, which there was no 'Fa' to cut for them ; but as toy eye wandered round, it fell upon a mysterious-looking turret, perched on the top of a lofty ridge, and surmounted by what I conceived to be a giant teapot, and this at once gave a new channel for my ideas. ' Whose tea-gardens are those?' I asked. 'Tea-gardens ! where?' said Tom. 'There!' said I, 'where the coffee-pot is.' 'Coffee-pot! Oh, oh, oh! lia! ha! ha!' and Tom hurst into an immoderate fit of laughter. Nat meanwhile grinning at nte sardonically. ' Y'cs,' I responded in some what indignant tones — 'Coffee-pot! and what is there to laugh at in that?' ' Ha! ha! Oh, Charley, you'll be the death of roe! That 's a Kangaroo ! !' I was thunderstruck. What I had mistaken for a coffee pot, by reason of my near- sightedness, was in fact a chiselled representation of a kangaroo ; and my mis take had arisen from tlie very peculiar manner in which the artist had pos'ed his subject and from the way in which he had curled up the animal's caudal appendage eo as to afford a very exact model of the spout of a coffee-pot. It may readily be imagined that I bad to endure an endless amount of badinage on the subject of the 'coffee-pot;' and had it not been for the damping effect of the lagoon, which ?netted us all up to the knees in crossing. I don't know when my roasting would have ceased. Having once passed the lagoon, we were thereupon in the terra incognita borcalis of Manly Beach, for that nar row but knee-deep stream has hitherto formed a bar tier insurmountable even to tbe most enterprising explorers amongst the denizens of Sydney, and has proved a Rubicon to he passed only by some ol' the rrsidtnts of the district beyond, and an occasional Etiaggling fisherman whom stress of weather or other accidental cause compels to take the overland route from Broken Bay. Mounting the rocks on tiic nortli side of the lsgoon, wc pass along a paddock fence, and through a slip rail into a very primitive kind of farm yard, with every thing lying about in the most admirable state of con fusion. A vow of pig- styes lay on our loft, but the pcrkr rs for whom tliey were intended appeared to have vacated their lodgings for some time past, in order, no doubt, to give up quiet possession to tbe troop of ntcrry children, who, chubby, healthy, and laughing, all ol them with thatpoculiarbutbeautiful silky flaxen hair tiiat marks tiic young Australian, were making a 'play' with bits of china, slieUs, and other odds and ends, and who peered at us wonderingiy through the chinks of the slabs, which waihd in their supposititious parlour. On the right was the paddock in which the corn stalks denuded ot their cobs stood up like so many gaunt spectres of departed fatness, tlieir few dry and Sialf. withered leaves rattling hoarsely in the breeze as they tell against the hollow stems. In the front was the hut— a true specimen of tbe old colonial slab edifice ; the door barricaded round with iron pots, frying-pRns, bucketB, and a variety of other utensils,' so as to make an entrance difficult, if not impossible; whilst a miscellaneous assortment of all sorts — ploughs, harrows, boilers for nigs' food, &c.;, were strewn about ill wild disorder, making the search for our roadway an exceedingly complicated matter. To add to ourfdilemma, the children m the pic-sty set up a wild Indian yell, aB we filed past th- ni, and this esUing together the dogs of tlie estab lishment, we were immediately beset in front, flank, and tear, and, but for tbe timely arrival oi the farmer should have had to beat a precipitate retreat. Under liis escort we effected the passage of the farmyard, though riot without strong doubts as to the safety ol our calves, and long after we had left the dangerous spot behind us, we could hear tlie Babel-like sounds taut proceeded liom it, in which the voices ot eiildren dogs, and poultry were striving toget ter for tlie mastery. Alter crossing the atony ridge which separated ue from the lagoon, we came down upon a heavily timbered flat, of fat black soil, but exceedingly damp and awampy ; and here we encountered the first of the real natives of tbe district, for the farmer who had saved us from the dogs was hardly to he regarded in that light, living ha he did so close upon the very borders of civilisation. To our friend T'om— who, by the way, is a kind of universal genius, and knows a little of everything— we entrusted the task of communicating with the stranger, who, after all, had nothing particularly for midable about her— for a female we supposed it to be, at all events if the style of dress in the district was similar to that of Sydney. She was evidently a very young, I con hardly Gay woman, and rode up leisurely — for she was on horseback— eyeing us with a look something between astonishment and amusement. ' Good afternoon,' said Tom. ' Good afternoon,' returned the horsewoman, and to my delight in per fectly good English. ' Are we on the road to Pitt Water :' asked Thomas. ' YeSj' ahe replied: ' Btraight on.' ' Straight on !' said I, as I looked forwatd through the heavy timber amidst which the road turned and twisted in anyway but a straight line. ' Yes,' responded the damsel, 'follow your nose, and take care not to bark it against the trees.' With a light lsugli, she gave her horse the whip, and cantered on, leaving me thoroughly discomfited. Alter passing this fiat, the road led along some dry stonv ridges covered with a rather denBe but low scrub, and bo continued for some miles with very little charge in tlie appearance of the country through w hiclt wc were journeying, except when we passed tlie holding of some small settler, whose hut and clearing formed the only break in the monotony of the scenery. In fact I was eurpised to find that even though so near to Manly Beach, and with go much fine rich land atound, the number of settlers should be bo few. Front the Manly lagoon to the bridge over the head of the Deewy lagoon, I do not think we passed more than a lialf- dozen of farms, and these were only very small holdings, producing nothing beyond corn and pumpkins, and looking just now more like poverty stricken and deserted tenancies than like the pleasant smiling freehold homesteads thut the popular orators of the day have pictured to the people, and which the hon. Secretary lor Lands desires to see scattered over the country. 1 was told that one of the reasons for this appearance, as well as for the small number of culti vation plots, was that the land was so very wot in any thing like a drooping season that tlie soil became too strong and sour to be cultivated successfully ; whilst another reason was one that I argued afterwards very fully with parties highly interested in the question, end to wltich I shall allude in its proper place. The Deewy bridge is not a very extensive structure still it is sufficient for the traffic that passes over it, although it must be somewhat dangerous to cross of a dark night in consequence as well of its narrowness as of the total absence of any handrail or side-guards. It was all but carried away during the floods of last year, and was so materially injured as to render its passage a matter of considerable danger. It was con sequently repaired, subscriptions lor the purpose hating been raised from tlie inhabitants of the dis trict ; and though an application wis made for a por tion of the funds voted by Parliament for the repair of the road between Manlv and Pittwater, it was re fused, and the cost of the repairs fell entirely upon the settlers themselves. Alter crossing the Dewy bridge, the road takes round tbe northern edge of the Deewy lagoon, through a country covered with a pretty close scrub, intersected rather frequently by w allabv tracks, on which the imprint ot these animals' cIbwb and tail were freshly left. As it was getting rather late, and as our swags were now beginning to press rather heavily upon shoulders as yet unaccus tomed to such a burden, we did not beat up this country very closely, but rather pressed on in order to secure a good camping place for the night. After passing for rather more than a mile along the edge of tlie lsgoon, the road takes away to the left, over the point of a broken spur of a range that comes from the west almost down to Deewy and then by a series of gentle ascents leads up to the station of M'iss Jenkins. This is a most beautifully situated homestead. The house, lying slightly back from the road, is nestled in at tlie foot of a lofty and thickly timbered range, and has a beautiful look out to the north, south and east, over the Pacific and over many of the bold headlands that breast its mighty rollers. This property includes a very large number of paddocks, all inclosed, but none of them bearing any appearance of having been cultivated for some years past. In fact, the road for a considerable distance passes be tween fences on either side, though, from the absence of cultivation end even of stock — for not a beast was to be seen cropping the herbage which grew thick and tank in the inclosuieB — the tout ensemble of the scene, whilst picturesque and interesting, was one entirely of quiet life, impressing upon the mind a grea- er ; feeling of solitude than was experienced even in the thickest and least frequented gullies of the bush. House, yards, paddocks, ail seemed deserted and lonely ; no smoke curled up from the chimney ; no dog balked in the yard ; no shtiil challenge was sent forth to us by bold chanticleer ; the only evidence of life about the place being some article of apparel, which, fluttering from a clothes-line, showed that somebody was, at ail events, sometimes there, I can assure you that I looked with something very much like sorrow at these fine paddocks that were thus allowed to lie not only unused, but useless, and I determined within myself before I came back to get to the bottom of why this was 60 frequently the case. But the evening was now drawing on apace, and the sun had long since sunk down behind the high range of hills which lay only some three hundred yards to the left of tlie road ; so, after one more survey of the magnificent panorama ol sea and coast that extended to our right, we passed on our way, and turning round the corner of what may perhaps be termed the home paddock of the property, we came upon a large extent of cleared ground, in which some few years hack maize had evidently been grown, as the small hills that had been made round the plants were still easily per ceptible. . tVef had scarcely entered upon this clearing than a sound of horse's feet behind us caused us to look round, and at a glance we recognised the female denizen of the district, whom we had encoun tered in the afternoon. She had evidently been to Manly for supplies, and had her horse freighted with Ecverai well-filled bags, which she managed to keep in order, and the same time to maintain her seat with perfect ease and nonchalance. Of course, Tom had a few words to say, en passant, to the fair equestrienne, but 1, remembering my rebuff of the previous part of the day, very wisely held my tongUe. Nat, how ever, would not let me off, for with a savage grin he stroked himself down the nose, winked at the girl, nodded towards me, and said, ' All safe.' This, of course, elicited a smile at my expense, but as man was born to suffer, I put up with it, though I dropped sulkily to the rear. Our fair fellow-traveller, how ever, had not passed us mote than a couple oi hundred yarns than we suddenly saw bcr horse make some extraordinary and eccen tric movements, turning round and round in a very circumscribed circle, occasionally giving a slight lift to his liind quarters, that very disagteeably affected tlie bags and sent some of the 'smaller ones flying in all dir ections. He then took tbe bit in his teeth and darted ofl' to the left of the road, as if with the inten tion of Bcaling the mountains, comporting himself meanwhile in bucIi boisterous style as to render it necessary for his rider to give all fier attention to her self. T hus the bags being left to take care of them selves, banged about tlie horse's sides, the more vigo rously as he curvetted the higher, until with a final effort he got rid of them all. A brief struggle now took place between the horse and the rider, in which the former was very quickly forced to succumb. Having conquered him, the young girl quietly jumped off his back, commenced collecting the lighter articles of licr load, and was about to get the heavier bags, when our party come up and relieved her from her difficulty. It appeared that the horse had. a sore w ither, and by some means the saddle had got forward until it pressed upon the wound, and made the ani mal restive. Amongst us, however, we soon put the saddle right, gathered up the loading, packed it safely on the horse, mounted the equestrienne once more, and started lier on the road homewards. By this time, the shades of evening were fast closing in, and we at once made our way to the foot of the rorgeB which, as I have said, lay only some three hundred yards to the left or west of the road, and in one of the gulleys falling down from them we founda running Btream of delicious water. Here, then, we dcteimined to make our camp for the night. (To be continued .) Well Said, Jack. ! — ' As you do not belong to my parish,' said a clergyman tq a begging sailor with a wooden leg, 'you cannot expect that 'I should relieve you.' ' Sir,' said tbe Bailor, with a noble air, ' I lost'my leg fighting/or all parishes.' NYhy is a beefsteak like a locomotive r It's not of much account without its tender. NVhy are well-fed chickens like successful farmers : They are blessed with full crops. A NARRATIVE OP A SHIPWRECK IN TORRES STRAITS ON A VOYAGE TO CALCUTTA, itf tub regie 1351. Br Dr. F. Cami-bkll, Superintendent of the Government Lunatic Asylum ; being a series of Letters to a dear Friend. LnrrcR XXII. Oc-iOiiKn 29.— I have just been able this morning to crawl to the gangway to take a last look at the Antelope's bout, still, visible, floating on the smooth gleaming surface of the water — there is not a breath of air either to propel it on its course, or cool its panting occupants. I am glad wc handed over to them the stock of provisions ] had laid in tor ourselves ; our boat, which of course returned to Ddli as soon as wc left it, had neither a right to them nor need of thein. They were given for the exclusive use of the females and the children. I shall always feci n deep interest in tlie infant which was born under Euch trying cir cumstances ; and pray that it may survive all the troubles and mischances which may be in store for the party before they reach London. It was very fortunate yesterday evening that the captain took the precaution of examining his stock of water, which lie discovered to be getting low. There is a fine river discharging itself into the sea visible from the sjjip, and finding there is very secure anchorage in the estuary off Battagedch, he availed himself of the opportunity afforded by the ship making r.o progress on her right course, to drop anchor close by the settlement in order to replenish liis empty casks ; hut by tbe time he had formed this resolution and let go the anchor; the sun set, and suspended all further operations for the night, Battagedch is an in considerable appanage of Delii : it is inhabited by a few Europeans ; but a Isrrge proportion of Creoles and Melays form the great bulk of the population. The Europeans and Creoles are very inferior in their moral habits and conduct to the people of Deili. The office holders either are not gentlemen, or have repudiated the character with all its fine qualities, as less profit able than that of sharpers. We liad a proof of their skill. October 30. — Notwithstanding my outlay in stock ing tbe boat with provisions at Delh, there was still some money — three or four pounds, left. With this, and an equal amount added to it by Captain Steady, wc agreed to make a present to the ship of as much fresh provisions as would absorb tbe sum. Steady undertook to go ashore and be purveyor while the water was getting ready. This morning, accordingly, Captain l'cnton and he went to Battagedeli — tlie one to stretch his legs and superintend the watering, and tbe other to make the requisite purchases. After much unnecessary delay and trouble. Captain Steady sent on board u considerable stock of pigs, goats, poultry, eggs, yams, bananas, onions, & c,, &e.;, which, after his return, n ere presented in due form to the captain, who expressed himself highly gratified with the compliment. When Captain Steady made his appearance on board, he was observed to be agitated by some cause of excitement, and an examination of his purcirsses as they lay on deck did not tend to allay the Btorm of angry epithets he bestowed on the scurvy Portuguese crcoles of Battagcdeh. The causes were these : when he went ashore and made known in the settlement that be had come in quest of provisions, all the poor inhabitants who had anything to sell would gladly have brought their produce to dispose of at such prices as the natural competition of the market would have determined. But there is at Battagcdah, as at very many other places in the world, a dog in office cilied resident magistrate, or something equivalent to it, who is also monopolist- general in that miserable vil lage. This functionary immediately put himself for ward aud stopped all communication between the buyer and tbe sellers, assuring Steady that there was nothing left in tlie place worth offering— that the last whaler which had called had bought up every eatable which could be spared ; and stuffed him with so many similar hbs that he took his leave to depart. But this natural turn of affairs did not precis* ly harmonise with the policy and intentions of the vulpine represented of 'Her Portuguese Majesty. He accordingly began to manoeuvre — he now baited his hook with a little charity — he became all at ence charmingly interested in Steady's errand ; and, w hile he strictly prohibited the Malays from bringing for sole a single article, he compassionately undertook to endeavour to scrape together a few things that might stop a gap, and away he went, leaving our single-mingled sailor congratulating himself on having fallen into the hands of a gentlemen of such benevo lent dispositions. Thus the one dodged and the other waited, while time, Tegardless of both, ran on, till the sun began to cast lengthening shadows from the lofty cocoanut palms that waved gracefully over the rest of the gorgeous sylvan scene. No supplies nave yet made their appearance, though the generous magistrate is making the most strenuous and kindly excrtionB in hunting them up: but how long a time it takes to hunt up what is evidently at lir.nd! Poor Steady ! All the time the good magis strate has been engaged in procuring food for the hungry, the tall captain of the late Fawn is sitting listening in half comatose wonder to the bleating of goats, the crowing of cocks, the grunting of pigs, and the cackling of hens, which had fed the crew of the whaler a week ago ! At length tire worthy lieutenant ol'the Governor made his appearance : his object was attained; he had temporised successfully; he had gained time and filched what he gained from our negotiator. The day was nearly spent, and he had jammed Steady into tiie corner of a few minutes to make his market ; the knave in his anxiety to over reach, had supposed falsely that the ship was in want of provisions, truly that she could not delay; and most falsely of all that the captain would give any price rather than go without them now at the last moment, seeing that there was no other convenient market at which she was likely to call for several weeks. So at the word of command, out rushed beasts of the field after his kind, and fowls ol' the air after his kind, in numbers that would have replenished a moderate ark. But by this time the truth had flashed across Steady's mind'; and taking liis cue from the sharper's trick, he managed to crumple him up, and forced from him excellent bargains. When the pur chases came on board, however, it was discovered that the indomitable Lusitanian had done liis victim after all— not to a great extent it its true, but still he triumphed ; for the best of the goats, pigs, and fowls, had been changed for others of an inferior description, and some tilings had been kept back on tlie dishonest plea that they had not been bargained for. Hence Steady'6 first and second causes of wrath. I cannot express myself in sufficiently just and commendatory language on tbe exceeding kindness of Captain Fenton and his two mates. The latter officers tak'e a lively interest in the ' elderly invalid,' whose gray hairs and attenuated body have uniformly had their effect on the young; for I look twenty years older than I am, I have observed, and felt, all the kindly influence which suffering age exerts on their hearts since the first day of the wreck, all tlie time of our boating, during our stay at Timor, and now here in this ship. I am not doing the least injustice to my sons, when I say that they could not manifest more anxiety, nor offer more kind assistance, than has been done by the chief mate of this ship. The first night I came'on board, a berth could not be got ready for me in time— so I must sleep in his bed;— my feet must be tender and swelled, from sitting in the boat without exercise— so I muBt wear a pah' of his ' light esBy slippers.' Next niglit, when drawing towards bed-time— ' A man up in years like you, and suffer ing so severely,' said tlie compassionate Yankee, ' must require a soft bed, — so he would try to prepare some sort of a comfortable thing to lie on and with out breathing a hint to me of his intentions, he caused his own mattress to be placed stealthily in the berth appropriated to my use. An act of generosity'wliich I only discovered, 'by accident, afterwar ds. It is such a man as this, who ' links tdl creation to bis fate.' I shall never— I can never forget Mr. White. The captain is a rough-spun sailor, but good at heart ; he is a true Yankee, but entirely divested of the worst of the Y'ankee prejudices. He has done everything in the compass of his power to add to my comforts, and make me feel at home. These Americans, especially the younger ones, really seem to watch me, in order to discover whether I want anything, and they have often supplied a want before it was felt. I liave, indeed, great reaBon to love these noble-minded men, almost children of nature. Their kindness is not the frothy ostentation of vain-glorr, but the solid and genuine effluence of the hearri I take no account of the American's acquisititious eccentricities; they invest him like hiB doublet, but form no part of the indi vidual. You perceive I am not preserving any tegular form of daily entries, but adopting the narrative mode, and shall be even less particular after I despatch tlie present and preceding batch ef extracts, and proceed in the same form as I have been doing since the last date. Though the time is too short to form a correct judgment, yet I feel tuyBelf improving in health and acquiiing strength rtvpidly, and I hope, by the time I close my journal in Manila, I may be able to tell you of my complete recovery. 01 course, I cannot neaT from you in' answer to my despatches, except by miracle, and this iB tbe source of my greatest un.. easiness ; but confiding you to God's good Provide nee I shall rest content, and feel assured of your well doing. Molucca Passage, November 10, IS54. 