ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. To thf Editor of the Advertiser. HENRY VALLENTINE Sra,—Wednesday morning, 16th January, in the year of grace 1861, presented a spectacle to the people of Hobart Town which cannot soon be forgotten. The departure for Port Arthur of that notoriously respectable swindler, Henry Vallentine, late of BOBS. Tue debut of this onlprit in his new character wee- quite 1 worthy of the-god*; quite_ in keeping with the morbid sympathy exhibited in certBin reapeotablc cirolee, and perfectly illustrative of the future quality of treatment as shadowed forth from the criminal bench at Launceston. An hour before the time appointed for the removal of the other prisoners, this culprit I waa marched ftom the common jail, to the place of embarkation, stepped on board the Culloden, and was shown in to that apartment luiown as the ladies' cabin ; inarched, not in grey clothing or leg irons, like any oiher common felon, but habited in his own clothes, his walking coat over bis left arm, displaying bis gold chain and rings aB usual, and having his portmanteau carried by one of the prison officials. But, forsooth, all this is quite proper, poor Vallentine ie not an every-day criminal, bis eenteel feelings, and highly sensitive nature, ought not to be too much put upon, and every indulgencechould be shown him, in consideration of his stupendous frauds and former respestability ; his education too, and keen sense of virtuous right, muBt class him as A 1 at Port Arthur; nor Bhall he be permitted association wiih other low creatures, who have outraged the lawa of their country by stealing other people's sheep, stealing other people's horses, or in any way appropriating other people's effects to their own use. Alss! what an age we live in, when justice and ber concomitant punishments are thus mocked. It cannot be denied but that there are some criminals nowa-days, as impalpable to the touch of law as the ghosts were to the touch of Eneas's spear. Charity is good, and Bympatby is e*. cellent, but when the garment that clothes this heavenly attribute is made tbe cloak to cover open, notorious, wide destructive villany, our reason may well be put to the test Look at this man and his forgeries,—Bhall mighty crimes like his stalk the earth, and when a rightful power makes them out, shall they not receive their full meed? Shall a ejmpathy evoked by the recollections of bygone greatness, not only blunt the sword that justice displays in the execution of wellmerited chastisement—but aotually wrench it from the hand, to be substituted by a rosebud. The delinquents, the nuieauce of a petty village, are seised, bound, and put upon with all the force and majesty of law s jm% %jffiMroT'(6e"coifiuiBn«eiiTtltrT)^-S well- designed, organised system of forgeries, to tbe tune of thousands, is treated with special regard, and care taken that bis finely sensitive feeling be not too much wounded, in subjecting bim to the usual course of grey uniform, nor compel him into tbe society of other criminals, where his morals would re ceive taint, no, not even into the fellowship of his class companion on board, who for a similar offence (but less in magnitude as regards the amount by one-fourth), who in his :r olmfna anil hurfltinp grey uniform, clanking <-hains, Bnd bursting heart, bade adieu to bis already widowed wi f e and four weeping orphans, BB the ocean hearse stood out to sea! O I tell it not in Qatb, let not that winged Mercury in ltB next summary for Europe, tell the tale of our weakness the spirit that actuates our government, oar public men; say not that this colony, the cub of the Old British Lion, is exhibiting auch deplorable symptoms of degeneracy. Youra, &c;„ DESMOND. 