MAIN ROAD IMPROVEMENTS Sm,-My attention having been directed to an article in your journal of 20th inst., headed, " Main Road Improvements," I ask thc privilege of making corrections on what I deem a one-sided statement, more especially as it is calculated to affect the interest, not only cf myself, but also of my brethren in the profession. The article referred to appears to bc inserted for thc express purpose of lauding Mr Horn, and exalting him above all others of the pro fession, as if the writer was perfectly oblivious to thc fact that many of the buildings on thc Main road bare been designed and superintended by others than Mr Korn. I make no invi dious remarks, Mr Editor, with regard to taste or skill when it is brought into opeu competition in fair field, but when you make mention of the building belonging to Messrs Godfrey & Abrahams, in 6uch high terms, and attempt in thia as in other cases to glorify Mr Kora, I cannot help ex pressing myself in terms of honest indigna tion. The building alluded to, allow me to say, was my own design, superintended by myself, and executed under the care of those well known contractors, Messrs Lovell aud Vowles-the usual commission of 5 per cent. being handed to me at completion, £2 stg. being deducted from thc contract sum in stead of having the proprietor clogged with extras, as is generally the case. I may fur ther state that within the last eight months I have projected and carried into effect seven of the principal buildings on the Main road, of which I make no boast; but when I see an article iu your paper imputing, or rather insinuating, that all the improvements of the Main road arc to be attri buted to the designs of Mr Korn, I would i?ke simply to ask, Mr Editor, from what source you obtained your infor I mation, and pause for a reply. I am not, ! Sir, troubled with a vindictive or an acri monious spirit, but state these few facts to show how careful a public journalist ought 1 to be before he makes statements which can be proved to be untrue, as also in attempt ing to exalt the reputation of one profes sional at the expense of the fair fame o 1 Annfhm I remain, Sir, yours, &c;, j THOMAS BEDFORD CAMERON, j Architect, Chamber of Commerce. [Mi Cameron will find that, in our earn mary for the English mail, we have not overlooked his claims to credit as a de signer of several of the late improvements on the Main road. OOWOPATION IXICKKOE*.-We are credibly informed that it is tbe intention of the Government to enlarge the occupation , licence system to agricultural lande only to the extent of 160 acres Th '^S ^fl been, and it has been'sUted'hf08'^!», ? that 320 acres was tobe tbT^>n«S ? this understanding ha* b^^m\Z H is considered tba? as%ne^H°¿ ft ? I Ucences will be so numerL^iî?*00* fe ? best land will be in th? ¿^d *. ¿ ? I lected so large an area as ¿ ? intended to be given will enable « 0tlgin% H to monopolise the greater ^ttc°*** H choicest spots in the district ^ 'f % ? lands wiU be available, and ii, ^»mä, fl encourage the establishment ofT? fl termed cockatoo squatters ;nr - "«íbe Isl to be deprecated a££g^ Si fl limited extension of area win . I6TEFFI A H choice to a larger number of «Jr?e ^| when the bestlands are thus ¿S^«í fl may be deemed advisable to^T « it fl areas. The rent to be charged rT*01 *. H not suffer any change, and taw,^»"! ? selection of sites, a pamphfiftS*^ I pared by the government settfoiTÂÏ* fl districts andlocaliUesinwlHchLT*,0« fl open for selection, with .he nSfo8* fl avaUable, accompanied by a *»» fl distinctly shewing those f<atur« , uí fl whereby the applicant can b7r^Una. fl the plan indicate clearly the * fl division in which the lani is siturt k fl sires to take np. ThU wm remore fl the greatest difficulties hithertoTJL?* * fl by the department of Land and fl astertaining to what land the «D^0 fl sent in referred, and whether it W"0 H previously been selected by and CTJZU fl some other applicant-Geelong Advertí fl INTESTATE ESTATES.-In the SnT! fl Court, on Thursday, oa the appücÄ fl the Curator of Intestate Estates ?* I tration of the estates of the MorirT^ fl ceased persons were granted to ji, fl Richard Jones, Sebastopol, amount of*¡T fl perty, .£450 ; James Murray Ä fl amount of property, £l25i Md ¿«J fl Gentih, Hepburn, amount of property^- fl AKOTHEB DIAMOND.-Another OWJ fl has been discovered at NapoleonElatinTÍ fl 0 vens district. Its weight is said tobe t« fl carats and three-sixteenths. MrSeoyonb fl preparing a machine for diamond wasbw, fl THE NAVAL BRIGADE.-The mS,. fl town Company of the Naval Brigade mal fl tercd at the Gellibrand Point Battm fl on Tuesday evening, for thî purpose ofe¿ fl ercising the members at great gun, fc¿ fl piece, and small-arms drill. After boag pot fl through various evolutions by Lieutenant fl Fullarton, thc guns opened fire on a inp- fl posed enemy endeavoring to effect a landing fl ou the N.W. face of the battery, tue gmt fl were supported on the right flank by afidj. fl piece and a party of skirmishers. The bat- H tery was warmly engaged for about half-an- fl hour, with the enemy in front, whoftndàg fl it impossible to make aqy impression io fl that quarter, landed, and endeavored to fl outflank the battery ; the field-niece «ni fl skirmishers then opened ure, and wereboflj fl engaged with the enemy for some lime, and fl eventually repulsed them. The wholeofthe fl evolutions were performed in a very credit- fl able manner, and ou the return of the fl company to the drill- room the members vere fl warmly compümeate I by their officers.- fl Argus. ? A FALSE ALAUM.-The following, which I we print nearly in the ipsistima mis io fl which it was handed to our reporter, nur fl serve as a Melbourne parallel to the tammi fl ghost story of Cock lane.-Last Saturday fl night about midnight, two women (one of fl whom is the wife of a serrant in one of our fl public institutions) were awakened from I their slumbers by a very loud and unusual I noise in the back yard. They at first fl supposed it to be ciused by some penan fl trying to effect an entrance, but as it can- fl throed without cessation, they summoned fl courage' enough to get up and ascertain ? what it was. On looking out of the window fl they could see nothing, bot en opening ¡ie I door they saw the body, legs, and tail of tn fl apparently headless animal, black and mon- I strous, moving rapidly about, and making i I noise horrid enough to awake the dead. 'Tte I apparition had a great nong neck, and some- I what resembled a cat, bat thc trembling I women could not make out the vestige of a I j head. No sooner was the door opened, to ? i it mored towards it, and so terrified thewo- I men that they slammed the door in its face, ? and sought refuge iu oed. The apparition, I however, continued to make a most ? horrible noise, right under the window, ap-. / ? parently trying to open it. The «orno, ? j therefore, got up again, and being gate ? !. unable to sleep, watched in a front roomful ? ! daybreak. They then ventured to ha« ? j another look at the cause of their alarm; ? when, Io, and behold! it proved to be sn us ! fortunate cat, whose, head, by some nat j chance, had become encased in an <*4 i lobster tin, and whose frantic efforts to re i lieve herself of so uncomfortable a bead dress had occasioned the peculiar noise they had heard in the yard. They at once de livered poor Pu-s from her trouble, and «at down to enjoy a good laugh at their last night's terrors.-Argus. ABENEVOLEKT WISH.-Sn* William Déte nant, the poet, who bad no nose, wasgomg along the Mews one day, a beggar-woman followed him, crying, "Ah! Hearenpre serre your eve-sight, sir; the Lord preserve your eye-sight." "Why, good woman, said he, " do you pray so much for my ej£ sight?" " Ah! dear sir," answered t» woman, " if you should grow àtm-sWW yon have no place to hang your spectacle! on." _ 