TOE CRISIS. BY Otm EASTVGOING POLITICIAN. MY DEAJIPfTNcfi—We are on the eve of another crisis,—at the brink of the Tarpeiaii rock,-^on the very verge of a gulf that, " threatening to devour tts, opens "fride," I am glad of it—experiencing an amount of pleasure that pen and ink are quite unable to portray. These crises—I laud thfehi, I praise them ; I don't know how we should get on without them; at any rate, a crisis appears to be a nominal necessity, without which We can't "push on, and keep moving." Whether It be Mr. Haines, Mr. O'Shanassy, Mr. Mcholson, or Mr. Heales, eaoh during his brief career, is busy preparing for us a crisis, and when he is turned out " here we are," as the old clown says. But we Victoriaus. are -like Milton's fkllen angels (in one respect only) we have no "alacrity in sinking,"—or like Swift's despairing lover, who betook himself to .the Precipice, but remembering that "a neck, when once broken, can never he set," declined the leap and " calmly walked home to his cottage again." You iM my dear Puhfchj have read Plato's "Republic," Sir Thomas More's ^Utopia," Old' Burton's; sketch of a desiderated commonwealth, the eitfe ofwhiciijyou remember, he oddly enough lays In "Terra Australis Incognita" Mandeville's « Fable of the Bees," and Harrington's Oceana:" Wejiave likewise diverted ourselves over Spence and Robert Oweii, and d^bledinthe dppfcriues of St.6imon> Fourrier, andLouis Blanc. Well : notxme of these sages lias ever advanced us a step fn the art of governing, or hi the aptitude fer reoaving governments. I :i?flieJliw^^^e Oiancellor Oxenstiern, too often vexed in spirit by seeing almost daily quotation of his memoratle saying, " My son, gee withhowlittle wisdom, &e.; j" but you will remember,he says—notwith how littte wisdom the world can be, or should be, but is govemed- ^ Much virtue in iff—no less potency In is. But laying the ghost of the Chancellor, let us call up the £reat^ri^t• "Sir," said suriy * in a constitution like ours, theiig|yes3|^ees are not fltted ^ lS^ fittest men." Now, out of the Chanwllor and the morali^ RQ of encouragement tnay ^ l ^ i e s e "hour and thesnan" politicians whose lively wisli but unattainable, it ^V^^i^w^efen over us." If not deeply readSih; thei^apk of wisdom, they have at least diligently conned over the ehapterof accidents, In the/realms of chaos, chance governs all; but accidents, hi this world of ours, sometimes effect wonders. Themanufacture of glass was an accidental discovery ; the capital of the Ionic colunm was a grace beyond the reach of art snatched out of the band of chance; the artist couldht paint the foam from a hor&y; mouth, at it, there it was, and Saul, " seeking kingdom." Well then : why should not—let us say Heales—Haines if you like, or any other bidding politician, have a fling at the brush, or, after seeking a parcel of asses, try to rule the destinies of, the Colony. Iv'e no special penchant for Heales ; in fact, I don't care a fig for him, or any of his tribe,—bat look at-his presentsituation,— whether he's master of it remains to be seen. Bemember: when the British Ambassador was motioned by the French monarch to enter the carriage first, be did so at once. That man (Lord Stair, was it?) was bom a gentleman, or, if not, he must have gone when a boy to that penny school, where "them as larns manners" paid twopence. In a like spirit, poor Heales obeyed a sovereign necessity, and entered the state coacli, though he knew very well that the tyrant was following at his heels, and would try to turn him out in the middle of a bleak crisis, after a brief jolt over the stones. What would become of us, my friend, if all we desired were right, and all that is right were given to us ? Hope, if not swallowed up in fruition, would hang the head discountenanced at the seeming worthlessness of the thing it coveted. Some birds look best upon the wing; when once we have got them in hand, we findthey are ordinary russet fellows enough. But there's no great chance of getting all we want out of any present possible ministry. The recently-installed landlord of the "Emu and Kangaroo" lias everything iu the house, bless you; but when the wayfarer would pin him down to specialties of diet, eggs of long deceased partlets, and bacon whose age might puzzle chronology, are the only viands to be had. How, can't we get out of the next Ministry, of whomsoever composed, something a little better than stale eggs and rusty bacon, and without the fizzingof the frying-pan ? What do you say (and how do you like my views of the case ?) to a ministry formed, in equal proportions of ability and unpretentious ^mediocrity,—the one aS a counterpoise to the other ? Of the mediocrity we may make sure, the other may not be forthcoming. Mr. Gladstone said, in his Budget speech, that direct and indirect taxation were two young ladies of attractions so equal, that he thought there was no harm in paying his addresses to both at a time. Why should not the two fair ones I desiderate be equally favored ? 