PLEURO-PNEUMONIA. [communicated.] We feel that no apology on our part is necessary for keeping before the public the subject of that fatal disease pleuro-pneumonia. It is a subject of such vital importance to our stock, holders, that any information which can be furnished will be read with attention ; or failing any new information on the subject, if we merely raise the voice of warning so as to prevent those interested from sinking into apathetic indifference, some good end will be answered. Recent intelligence from New South Wales, as published lately in this paper, states that an Act had been passed by the Legislature prohibiting the importation of cattle from Victoria during a period of three months. Now, if such an enactment were necessary in the case of New South Wales, it is equally necessary for the protection of South Australia. It is by no means improbable that this disease, which is said to be highly infectious, will find its way across our south-eastern border. Prompt action must be taken ; we have no desire to act the part unnecessarily of alarmists ; but it will be too late to shut the stable door when the horse is stolen. Preparations must be made beforehand to meet the evil ; prevention is better, and easier, and often cheaper than cure, and we think especially so in this case. A recent number of " Goldsborough Weekly Circular" (Melbourne) contains a serio-comic letter from the ghost of Master Butterfly,'' who fell a victim to the disease. The letter contains a suggestion, that of levying a small assess- ment on the cattle of the colony, in order to provide a fund to afford compensation to those whose cattle have to be destroyed to prevent the spread of the disease. Master Butterfly says-A man incurs a penalty who conceals disease, but a poor man will risk a good deal rather than condemn a favorite beast to death." It may not be iJu disease ; the animal may recover. We all know what it is to hope against conviction, and a poor man who looks for subsistence to his dairy or his team, will not be very ready to hand over his stock to the destroyer. Then raise funds instantly by an assessment upon all the cattle of the colony sufficiently ample to deal with this new enemy upon the gigantic scale that it deserves. Better tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands now, than millions a year hence. Let pleuro-pneumonia break out in two or three of the large herds, and who shall stop it then ; a halfpenny rate, a penny rate, might stop it now. Without funds, and in a sufficient volume, you will never arrest pleuro- pneumonia." The writer would have the fund thus raised employed to buy up all diseased or even suspected cattle at a fair market value, so as to prevent any inducement for concealment on the part of the owners. We may be thankful that the disease has not yet appeared here, but let us take every precaution lest it should make its appearance. 