I j THE 0HINE8E QUESTION. I., ; ' ''.....s*''"jor'TO« isms >V TBS -urnas. Mit.-Tba goldmineT- »ro.tradaoed io the Jf ress by na aouuinula:io»'of the vilest epithet», beesase they do DO*; . tamely'sabrait 'tb every outrage opon 'their interesta) tbs Government choose to inflict, lt, is actually forgotten ' lhat iiöm every etty; town, and hamlet io the colony that-, voice of colonists) was. raised against the introduction of t Chinamen/. On (ho. port of tbo Government, therefore, . the British Constitution was violated by their connivances at tho introduction''of such' numbera of Chinamen aa jeopardize, jibe prosperity of the colonists, and belog, aa they nre,.tbe pioneers' to a Dation mustering over tbxee hundred millions, just noon our borders, may ultimately : obtain the conquest of this weak and defenceless eonn~ try. The , Opobtitutiop.,of Kngland provides tor tb«,' proteotion . of her own people, with all their interests, primarily, so muoh ' BO' that 80,000 Cninamenr would not be, allowed to'occupy London, Manobeater» IJneds, Liverpool, oir any other city'of the British jung- . . dbm,1 to ; produce manufaotnrèB prejudicial to Bnglisb mon ; Mipr^would they.ba^llowad to exhume gold fron, the Wicklow Mountains or the craggs of Cona- marrah ; but, forsooth, they are allowed to vio- late every stipulation and obtain a justification to interfere with the vital interests of the colonists of New South Wales. Just because they consume some of the beef belonging to the sgquatters, who have so long ruled the roast, through the influence they obtained in the nominated Councils of the colony. Chinamen having" deepiBed1 the ' pursuits1 for "whkh they wet« ' tolerated to oom o here, viz., .to. herd sheep and cattle, " new wood, and draw^waui^ooujdj feel, po injualice, ir» teing obliged to rotraoe. their steps . to the place iron* whence they oime. All the treasures of the earth should be reserved for the descendóhts'of oiviliied Europea» settlers, end kept'sabred from.'the touch of barbarians and armi-barbariacs of every elias, I< is BO wonder fjhen that' industrious'diggers'should-rise with indigo Î' atlonand alarm, .when after suoh an amount cf blarney s waa' whispered to their .'ear by the authorities of tb« land, they found oil broken to tho heart by the iotiodua iibn of about ' IMO Chinamen,'by Ibe White Star and. other vessels, in one day. Are those consumers of rat«, ' fats, and puppioa ,to. be, thus allowed ta overrun tba country/until they. ! become «o numerous,, that, thane Cooquest, .will . bo, irresiatable. The time ia Bpprbaobfog "that England " Will havo so m boh to do io tho proteation of ber OWE* ' immediate dominions that she will not be able to afford ur the shadow of a ghost'bf protection, and may ia*, bo borne triumphantly through her ordeal of tribulatloo. .Upon every principio bf justice and humanity it is BOtT. too muoh tor colonists who pay nearly two-millions ot boney annually for governing three hundred' tbonaaassd faouls, to expeot that the Chinamen shall be fortbwilbi returned to their own ? oountry, whioh would be a> Superior expedient to!sotting the body of volunteer colonists against tho body of mining ooloniats. Dread- ful alternative. Shall the volunteer» be induced, by ans. consideration, to immolate their banda in the blood of their fellowi-oolonistp, in order to raise the.Celestials the Mongolians to a pinado of wealth, for which' they , Were never intended, and for the posaossion of w hi ora they are totally unprepared. ' Volunteers, will youv slaughter your own' flosh and blood I No. Never Never. Never. j ' A eHbën of Sydney, > :<.... . ..,"..,,, .. .".,.,j, rt ",T. WOOBMACR ' .I ,.. ,Mao »rei b««y toload," '?," .' . . . ««. . .. . ' , But dlfflonlt to drive ;' ..' ' ,,Bn»y to'jrovern, '' . ; ? , Bat terrlbk td bnilavo.-Lord BnouaruWf ' .'-, SOI'THK EDITOR oi THB >BMraB.'' "i/".»- .... ' Sin,-A'rürrtöjtr ,'ià provalent'in' tówn ' that a prosecution! ; ; is qow i pending i between oortain employ era', aud the ena- - ployed belonging to' the iron trade, will yon, Sir, bat - pleased to publish the following; lt may serve as a land- mark for employers as well as the employod :-In the) year 1817 a,ulrike toole'plaoe at a locomotive anginer establishment at Newton, a small vlllago lying between Liverpool and Manchester,,in England. I cannot draw a parallel between the1 present grievanoe in Sydney andi that of Newton, in 'England, in 1847. The men at Newton had a griovanoo,but as a rule, I would Bay thara ls no grievance in Sydney. The employers here asy wo will pay you to mach per day. If a man, or tho men will not work for this, they can loaye,'and BO thoy dop but tho working man bat hie parlour, and there he will go int spite of the world, tho devil, und tho flesh. Bat, air, the strike at New.'on ia o'ploiu unvarnished tale. lam proud to say that tho mon of England, Ireland,, and Scotland, engineers, stood BO well to their guns, thai they "brought their employers at bay, and they, hs the., madness, of desperation, toole legal proceeding** iagiinat BÍX bf the 'but men they oould seleot, on so io peeobmbni Ö/'conspiring to impovoriao Messrs. Jones and. i>otta.,,, , , ".,., "¡ " I The object of tho employers was partly gcinedT, inosmuoh'BB th'ey'ppprohBndod, in tho dead of night, tix |meh who bud ns muoh'idea of conspiring at Z tuive nous.. Ab,'but wait; Sir : I would that you' had seen the *sbil~ linga running out of puir auld Scotland to engage boon-' Bel forthoBO mon; and eonnael they got in tho peinan or ¡Mr.'James; a son of Lord Denman; and if ho did not make capital blush to look nt its parent, labour," ' ! > .lam not. . V . SCOTCHMAN. 