Am I-not a Man and a Brother? — Among the addresses presented to the Prince of Wales, in Upper Canada, was the following from the Ojibbeways; — "Brother, Great Brother. — The skv is beautiful. It was the wish of the Great Spirit that we should meet in tbi3 place. My heart is glad that the Queen sent.her eldest son to see her Indian subjects. I am happy to see you here to-day. " I hope the sky will continue to look fine, to give happiness both to the whites and the Indians. Great Brother, — Wliqu you were a little child, your parents told you that there, were such people as Indians in Canada, and now, since you have come to Canada yourself, you see them. I am one of the Ojibbe- way chiefs, and represent the tribe here assembled to welcome their Great Brother. Great Brother,— You, see the Indians who are around you ; they have heard that at some future day you will put on the British crown, and sit on the British throne. It is their earnest desire that you will always remember them." Ilis Royal Highness assured the chief that he would never forget his red brethren, and hoped the sky would always smile benignantly upon them. The Papal Court. — His court, though externally splendid, is austerely regulated, and his privy purse is esti mated at not more than 4260 Roman dollars per annum, though offerings from the faithful iu various; countries have (especially iu the case of his present Holiness) brought occasional , augmentation to those narrow means. Amongst the thousand chambers of the Vatican, few, aud those not the largest, are reserveii tor his residence. Ln the Quirinal Palace he has a more magnifi cent suite ; but his villa on the lake of Albftno,audthRtiatolypurchasodat Porto d'Anzio, are surpassed in scale and grandeur by many country scats of gentlemen and noblemen, in England. Though always appearing abroad with a cortege of chariots and mou'utcd guards, iu private his habits arc simple; his dress entirely white, with a gold em broidered cross on the slipper, which is kissed in the act of that homage ho usually dispenseswith from non-Catholics at presentation, aud of which he himself sets the example, so far as Christian humility is implied, by kissing the feet of priests (who arc generally poor and strangers) during the solemnity of Holy Thursday. He holds no levees, hut access to him is easy, through applica tion to proper officials, for persons of al most every rank, with no other requirer mcnt as to ctiquetto of costume than black ovening dress without gloves, and the veil for females. ... I may add, as to the private life of Pius IX., that lie daily celebrates mass in his pri vate chapel, aud attends another mass said by a chaplain ; dedicates the entire morning, till an early dinner, to his duties ; then drives out, and (when be yond the city walls) usually walks ; re turns again to occupy his hours, till a rather late supper, iu that routine of endless and ever- prescribed engagements that render the life of d Pope little else than a magnificent slavery. Among these engagements, audiences (official and private) arc not the least prominent or wearisome ; and I have heard of his present Holiness having literally to spend the day, till seven p.m., in one series of receptions. Most of the eccle siastics enrolled in thc Eapal Court rank hr prelates; and this household is at present composed of the Cardinal, Se cretary of State, " Prefect of the Apos tolical Palaces," a major domo, a inasstro di camora, an auditor, the majstroof the sacred palaces (who is always a Domini can, and head of the censorship over the press), ten private chamberlains, one hundred and two private supernumerary chamberlains — all, like the foruior, of prclatic rank. — Rome and the Papal States, by Charles llemans. Tom Hood's Jokes — Is there not something touching in the dyiug words I of the old schoolmaster, " I aui sinking fust: I am going from the terrestrial globe to the celestial." And what a I bread th of surfaco in the idea of the London hill-sticker who had volunteered into the Chinese expedition to got a sight, as he said, of the great Chincso wall. As a reason against cruelty to animals, Hood lays stress on the fact that "bullocks' don't wear oxide of iron ;" and to excite our symyathy even with the cold and remote Esquimaux, , he bids us think of the children in that . region, " born to blubber." Thomas Moore. — Ho was a very 1 well-dressed, bright, sparkling- looking ! little man. It is adiseuehanting phrase " to apply""to""a TentimoutuUpoet, "hiitrl must say, in .his general appearance \- there was something that very nearly i approximated to what is now denomi i nated as "jolly." Ilo had dark ant t most vivacious eyes, hair of the sam< colour, and in sufficient abundance, glossy, and nicely arranged; a broad, commanding .forehead ; a complexion frcsli, clear, and ruddy ; small, hut well- defined features, a mouth that seemed made alone for mirth and brimming smiles ; an extraordinary play and ex pression of countenance, whose changeful variety yet ever betrayed the genius within; a quick, brisk, active gait; a merry, joyous laugh; and the generally diffused impress of a happy, healthy, easy man — one contented quite with the lot he. had drawn in life, and in perfect amity and peace with those about him. -Such— was-the-aspcet-Moore-presented_ _ when I first saw him. — Traits of Cha racter. - A Sage Conclusion.— Two British sailors were assisting at the debarkation of a cargo of negroes from a captured slaver. On seeing the shocking con dition of the poor creatures as they were brought up, and the sinister look of the -enptainp-who -was-tlius-disappointedof- his prey — "Jack," exclaimed one of the sailors to his companions, " the devil will he sure to have tbat follow." — " Dost thou really think so ?" was the reply of his shipmate. — "To be sure be will; or else what's the use of having a devil ?"- —ill emoirs of James Montgomery. discovery of iuammoth trees. — "As we ascended the first range, we began to strike a heavily timbered country, mostly yellow pine, interspersed with "white oak. After reaching the summit of the first range, we bore gra dually to the right,, aud travelling in an easterly direction, we entered a for-est of redwood timber, that astonished the natives themselves. Calaveras, with her large trees is nowhere. People from every section of our State (Visalia not excepted) arc travelling hundreds of miles to visit the large trees of Calave ras, which, if my memory serves me, arc few in number, and the largest measur ing but thirty-two feet in diameter. Tulare beats that to my knowledge, for, after travelling . among these monsters for several miles, hesitating and arguing with my companions about which was the largest, I alighted from my horse, and measured one that was a little over thirty-three feet in diameter, and sup posed to he at least three hundred feet high ; so that the good people of Cala veras can stand aside," or if it is their pleasure, they can visit the redwoods of Eastern Tulare, and view with wonder and astonishmout, the ' crowned monarchs of the forest,' that while they point index-like to heaven, read chap ter's to the nassers-bv. unon the immor- tality of niau."- —Aha California. THOMAS CAMPBELL. — TllOUgll tully conscic\us_ of the talents he possessed, whicli had so justly advanced him to such a prominent aud popular rank- in literature, Campbell had not an atom of vain boastfulness about him. lie would talk to you of his poems if questioned, but seldom himself introduced the sub ject. lie often laughingly said ho could never understand how the "Pleasures of Hope," written when he was very young, bad-obtained so extensive a fame, Him- eolf "ra'nkbdThuoli" higher— andmy own judgment is certainly quite coincident with his — his minor poems; of these, the " Exile of Erin" was an especial favourite. Much fonder than of discus sing his own or other persons' poetry was he of expatiating on the charms and attractions of his own beautiful and at tractive country. He had a vein of superstition interwoven in his nature. Though I do not pretend to affirm he virtually believed in the existence of " wraiths," " brownies," and all the other denizens of the supernatural king dom, still, he had some ..wonderful, and, of course, well attested legends to nar rate, iu which these airy visitants played a remarkable and conspicuous part; and he told the tales with such uudoubting gravity — clothing them in language so opposite to, and in entire harmony with the subject, that my youthful ears drank them iu eagerly and reverently, and nothing was there to me a source of greater pleasure than au affirmative being given to my request of " Pray Mr. Campbell tell us a ghost story." — Trails of Character. Tii_e Widow of Sir ITarry Smith. — In the obituary notices of the late gal lant general which have appeared, it has been briefly mentioned that Sir Harry Smith married a Portuguese lady. A most romantic story is told, of the man ner in which ho became acquainted with that lady. After one of the actions in the Peninsula, in or about 1813, a Spanish officer of high rank and gal lantry, with whom Sir ITarry happened to have a slight acquaintance, was found mortally wounded on the field. He lived for two or three days, and while in the hospital, to which Sir Harry had him conveyed, he sent for his wife, to whom he had been married only a few weeks, and who was a Spanish beauty of between fifteen and sixteen years old. The dying officer entrusd the lady to his gallant English friend, with a re quest that he would see to her welfare. How well lie discharged the confidence thus reposed in him was shown by the fact that no sooner was tho war at an end than he made the Donna Susanna de Leon Mrs. Colonel Smith. The marriago was never blessed with issue. The gallant general has left a brother and sister to lament their loss. -The salary -allowed to the Rev. Mr. _ -Spurgeou by his congregation is £1000 a-ycar. Out of this he sets aside £000 a-year for the support of eleven young men, whom he clothes, educates, and maintains entirely, and who are destined for the ministry. lie has selected those whom he thought most likely tobe efficient labourers in Christ's vineyard, lie deputes their education to others, hut devotes one day in every week to a personal examination of them in tlieo- ' logy. '10 remaining £400 a-year ho compels for the support of himself and i household. , A'Cautious J udgeV— Aii Irish J udge , tried two most notorious fellows for higli- r way robbery. To the astonishment of \- the Court, as well as of the prisoners 1 themselves, they were found not guilty, j As they were being removed from the bar, the Judge, addressing the jailor, said: "Mr. Murphy, you would greatly ease my mind if you would keep those two rcspecsahlc gentlemen until soven or. half-past seven o'clock, for I mean to set out for Dublin, at five, and I should like to have at least two hours' start of them." 