\- HORSES IMPOUNDED. DENILIQUIN: Bay man, Jil off shoulder: blank ally near hind foot whit», unbranded ; chesnut ma e, about IS banda high. Porer half-circle near shoulder; bay. filly foal, atar, progeny of abore mare, unbranded ; chesnut mare, star, about 'A hands high, P over half-circle near »boulder ; bay mare, atar and snip, about "" 5 handa high, aired, bind feet partly whlto, ga die marked, hoi _i a fistula, 79 overV with like half circle under near aboulder, BB under saddle near Bide ; bay Olly, blaze down forehead and face, near fora and bind feet white, progeny of abore mare, unbranded ; bay gelding, white face, aaddla and collar marked, whitofeet, near fore knee Injured; aboutI6}£ banda high TM overEBncarehoulder; bay gelding, o twa near shoulder. EC on* neck ; bay mare. Barrow atripa. near hind foot white, TO both shoulders ; bay mare, atar. 56 of shoulder, WM near sh"ulder; bay horse foal, progeny of abare mare, unbranded; chesnut mare, WD over JE near shoulder; yearling colt, progeny of abore man, unbranded ; horse foal, pro- geny of aame mare, unbranded. COOMA : Bay bbrse. bald face saddle marked, white feet, like D both shoulders, 6 to ttl banda high, aged. GUNNEDAH: Iron-grey cult, A aver J.C near shoulder, «off shoulder, black p lots, star; Iran-grey colt, JO aldawaye near shoulder, 4 off shouldor, star, black pointa ; Iron-grey colt, whlta spots off hind foot, blaze, A orar J.O near shoulder. 4 off ahoulder; Iron-grey colt,atar, »hort tall,off forefoot whlta, AC near shoulder, 4 near riba ; Iron grey colt, white points, blaze, JC reversed near brand; black filly, about two yena old, branded JW on near .boulder ; black borea, star and snip,.' collar and «addle marked. Inside part of near hind fetlock whit«, branded like ll, not loglbleon the nair »boulder, about >6 handa high aged. SHELL IIARUOUlt: Bay colt, ilka HJ on ahoulder, off bind toot white ; bay Illly, blaok pointa, no brand, â wara old. BUNDARRA : Grey mare, branded like JIIO aileways off shoulder, a dark roan colt at foot, unbranded. HARGREAVES: Bay mare.aoth hind feet white, like TFIK con- joined near ahaulder ; brown mare, WJ off ahonlder, H with It over and RB under near ahoulder, It near cheek; brown mare, atar both hind feet white, defaced brand like J-D near shoulder. Ilka O blotched off ahoulder ; bay horse, It over JD near shoulder, small star, much saddle-marked ; chesnnt horse Ji C off shoulder, both hind feat white ; roon horse. RU off Bhnulder. TAMWORTH : Dork bay horse star, Ilka T with C over cor Joined "J shoulder, "fl bind foot whlta ; bay mara, Burne brand, star, whlta apota on back, bridle strap on neck, bay Olly foal at foot, unbranded, 0 or 8 months old ; bay hort«, A over ill. conjoined off Bboulder, 10 hands high ; bay horse, rig. like DT off shoulder. MOLONG: Bright bay colt, branded »lover Y near ahoulder, hind lega white, bald face, S yeats old, UJ4 handa high ; bay mare WC over* na r ahoulder/.Naek points, 4j£handa high, 4 years oki aheanut filly foal at foot, unbraaded. BATHURST: Bay mare, at ri pe. hind feet white, SV off ahoulder, like MB near ahonlder ; a akewbald colt by aida, SA near ahonlder ; bay mare, P over2 near aboulder, ID near ramp; a grey entire by aide, rope on neck, J and Jil sideways near ahoulder ; black mara, 3 off neck; bay boree, star, aged, docked ^ near ahoulder; bay horse atar, near bind foot white, ID near rump; grey filly, IID conjoined over 2 near ahoulder. MERRIWA; Roan horse, whits face, off hind foot white. Hoff neck, W off ahoulder, 12 near riba, Tfj near ahoulder ¡chesnut colt, white- face, three whlta feet, D iwritlng capital) 3 near neck ; brown colt 3 nor MT near shoulder, off hind foot white. CARROLL-. Grey mare, W over MC off aboulder, Ul near ahoulder, .broken in, aged, IB handa high ; grey filly foal, aa branded, 4 or S months old; brown mare, small atar, off hind fetlock white. IM near shoulder, JR conjoined off ahoulder; bay filly foal, unbrar ded,8 months old ; grey entire, WL off aboulder, off hind hoof enlarged ; bay hone, both hiad feet whlta, atar, WIi off ahonlder ; Iron grey colt, cd over B near ahoulder, 18 months old ; bay rolt, white star and snip, 3 white feet, M over IM near ahoulder, 2 years old. BLACK CREEK: Chesnut mare, white stripe down faca, off feet white, saddle marked CC ever aa near ahaulder ; bay mare, black points, CH near ahonlder. II near aida under Baddie. TM off shoulder nd offside and-r «addia : blaok rolt, white atrlpe down faca, bind teat white, long tail, WS near abonder; bay filly,' »niall atar, off hind foot white, docked tail, BK or RK near ahoulder FORDWICH; Bay entire colt,' a little white OD off fore foot, bind feet white, BK near ahaulder. ai over 4 near rump, 174 off Buddie.2 yenra old, 13 handa high. WARIALDA ; Chesnut colt, near fore and hind feet whits, 8 near shoulder ; kay bon», black points, email atar, o near thigh, SP off ahonlder ; bay colt, blake In race, docked tall, HUF conjoined, (tbe F reverted on neck near alda, like QT> over No. 1 near ribs lika II near thigh -, bay mare, near hind foot white, small atar Baddie mar-ad, II over J conjoined off shoulder, chesnut colt, hind feet white, IS near shoulder : bay colt, atar and ania on noaa, near hind ' foot white, 8 near shoulder; brown mare. Jilts over like IMIS near shoulder tñ 1» 1 rlangle off ahoulder, B off neck ; light bay filly, atar hind feet white, nnbran- ed; by Illly, atar and small streak on face, hi,dfeet white, RU near sh,older; grey horse, saddle marked, T over J II conjoined near ahoulder; brown mare, atar, like JJ. near shoulder ; brown filly atar, unbranded: bay boree, small alar, hind feat white, U near thigh, off hip down ; bay filly, hind tatt white, FO ort-r RP near ahoulder, P near rump, Noa. off ahoulder; bay norse, black pointa like OT near ahoulder, IID con- joined under saddle near »ide, Non ander saddle off aide; hay horse, black points atar. Ilka ii over S near ahoulder.-Gazette, M »roh l8,186l. ' " CANOWINDRA : Chesnut mare, hind feat whlta, starJ^ near ahoulder: bay horne, near fare foot whit«, HF over 4 near ahonlder, collar marked ; bay mara, off hind foot whlta. atar. M li off ahonlder ; brown horse foal, unbranded ; Iron- grey filly, like HG over MO near ahonlder, ÏI-8 off ahonlder; bay yearling, Ilka IW near shoulder star. . . .. . - CONDOBOLIN: Brown marc, TW near shcnUar age , Shanda high * roan horse. I near shoulder, s over A and diamond eon joined off shoulder: ased, 1 " bands high ; hay horse, MB over diamond and c conjoined under near shoulder, OP (tha P reversed off ahoulder, eg-d 15}$ handa high ; block horse. ZTK (the TK blotched i over T near ahaulder. aged i4J4 hands high; chesnut horse, W near shoulder CAP near ribs; black hone, SM over JB near ahonlder, JU conjoined near thigh, 4 yean old, IÄ}£ handa high : bay born sta . Fat near ahoulder, aged. 15 honda high. NEW FHEUOU: Dark brown mara, blaze, hind lega son, nailed UH.hobble marked, TL conjoined near ahoulder; bright bay man. atar, pulled tail, little whits off hind fetlock, OB near nock. 3 near Bboulder. ? QUIRINDI: Black horse, TS over K near ahoulder; bay mara KAT near Bhontder, DM over DM off ahonlder ; har ' filly ravi, unbranded; bay filly foal, unbranded; birmin heart over OB near ahoulder, K over 3 near thigh; cresnnt horse foal, unbranded ; bay man, H under like x over H conjoined near ahoulder ; bay koree. .SH over aR conjoined near ahoulder; hay hone, near hind fetlock white,'IC or TO over J under illowa brand near shoulder. PENRITH: Bay horsa, it over TB near ahoulder,black pointa, aged.\\\\\C, hands high. .... . ,.= BRAIDWOOD : Black hone, docked tall, star,near bind reg whit collar marked. 15 handa high, aged, R near ahoulder, P off aboaldex b >y borra, switch tail, near hind foot whit«, large scar eu boin, rump«, scar near back, 15 handa high, C with ES over and SR »ear ^TAMWORTn: Chesnnt man, TD off aboulder. 3 ove» tineas ahoulder, atripa down faca, shod; black pony mara, ?B> »aa» ahooMar, Bk« 8'« near rib», BC off ahnitldsi, O* 01 *0)*> '***'? speckled fmy mar», TIC off rib«, N- nsar ihoalcl*-. . - WOLLOMBI: Bey bora*. IC uar rib*. Mack «-dota, 00 °Xaú fetleck «bite, o yean old, 16 nanda high .. ... T PliOSPECT: Light bay hom, Ila* Cl. near Shoulder, áv^T1 conjoined lidewaya naax hip, bind fetlocks whit», S }.» OK*-~ OaxeU, March 33,18«h ? THE . LAST CROW or A SHANGHAI . BOOSTER.-The ilhsouri Republican, whiob. bas perpetra'ed some good things in ita time, most be held responsible for tbe fu- lo wine:-" Passing np Broadways one eannot fail to ob- serve the numerous boxea upon tbe side walk'-, wherein are paoked as closely a* possible soy number of lire barnyard fowl; Although strips of boards are nailed upon the tides of the boxes, like the bara of a eag , is order ti furnish renfile'ion, yet Ibe fset cannot ba dis- puted that the air within these living prisons ia exceed, ingly foul, and (in not a few instsnoes, tbe nnforiunste occupants are oompelled to give np tbe ghost voluntarily, without waiting to have it wrung from them by the Wi 11 known process of twisting tbe neek. We saw sote if this bind yesterday-a once noble-looking ebsntioleer of tbe Shanghai species. He was evidently on his last legs,' and while we g«zed at tba sad sight wbiob be presented, be sorrowfully turned towards ene of bis eage com- panions, and gave expreision to tbe following:-' I'm fre-eing,' partner, freezing tn tbis loathsome place, and tba deathly rattle warns me that We nearly ron life'a rtee, and that e'er to-morrow's sun shill i rise and gild the landseape o'er, ' I shall ptrt with you and fly away to Jordan's happy whore. Coma ne irer, partner, nesrrr, for my sight ia growing dim ; all earthly o "J ¿o ts now are wrapped io Ibe fatal deathly film.' and seem to sink, before my gaza and vanish toward < the Iee, aa headlands from the mariner when aailicg out to sea. How aadly I remember the pleasant by-gnns days, tbe happy seenes of ebickenbood, and the lovely som 8'rewed ways ; and I seem to <ee the green fields, the «arden, and the walk, wherein I strutted in my joutft a bold am bi inns cock ; and then I see the farm-yard, a>>4 the merry gabbling group, that filled the air with joyotre sounds, or ran from coop to erocp-tbat sported o'er tbe new-mown hay, or tan in single ttl.-, when good Mid Far- mer Jones eenie out to feed cs from bis tile. But I'm fret zing, partner, freezing, snd my rsee is almost rue, and my earthly pl asures all have vanished one by one; yet 1 beg'- f you wtep not for me, for I tong to be st rest, and to j .in my dear forefather« in the hen-roost of the blest-in the grsnd oelestial farm- yard, where e'en m>w 1 aeem to bear the shrill and charming notes of some noble obsntioteer. I «rn going, partner, going, and grtod-bye before I go; remember me at times, e'en though thy tears abai) flow ; and if, perchance, in after time, when I am dead and gone, you meet with those who first with me began to walk life's lawn, ol I break it to tbera gently, when whispering my name, 'hat in spite of life's visoisdtudes- I did at lc.it die game!" TEAM WAYS ANO TRAMWAYS IN FRANCS.-The eheap and easi.y-construeted tramway is about to be. adopted ali over Frenoe, acoordiog to the experiment so success- fully made b tba Department of the Baa Bbin for the vicinal roads. The Amerio n railway brought to Europa by Mr. George Trsin is strongly supported in the Conael o'Ktst for the suburban road» of all great towns. It is proved to be more economical both aa regents tims and expense for transporting goods and passengers. It diminishes the noise and contusion by aabstitnting a few monster reblóles for tbe countless numbers of smaller ones, wbtoh Lurry to and from the different railway ata'iona, and la looked npon as leading to the adoption of small locomotives, to be employed in tbe towage of all beary waggons of merobandine through the er. at thoroughfares of orowded ollie«.-Letter from Parie. What ia boasted of at Ihe piesent time as tba revival of religion is always in narrow and uuoultlvated minds at least aa muob ihe revivsl of bigotry ; and where there is a strong permanent leaven of inlolera ce in the feel- ings of a people, whioh et all times abides in the middle classes of this oountry, it needs but little to provoke them into aotively persecuting those whom they have never oeased to tbink proper objoots of persecution. Stuart Mill. 