THE IMAGINATIVE SIDE OF CRIME. Probably most men who live " within the bounds of nature," or suppose that thoy do so, when in fact they live soul and body within the bonds of custom and the respectabilities, occasionally conceive that there is a cc.tain imaginative sacrifice in thus submitting their whole life to the discipline of law, or more truly, perhaps, of routine. We do not envy, indeed we shrink back from tlio fevering and fitimuhiing atmosphere .of a criminal life, but wo ea ry about with us some faint impression that the mo id degradation is accompanied, if not compensated, by a greater imaginative vitality, ' by the vividucss of Ecnsation, the highly strung purpose, the thrilled nerves, and the forecasting apprclionsion of moral outlawry. ; If tliore are ever times when as "Hie intellectual power through words and things Goes sounding on its dim and perilous way," it presents us to ourselves, in some mere day drenm, as guilty of acts that we heartily hold to bo infamous and criminal, — then at such times wo are conscious that tho very hypothesis awakens, as it were, nil I In sleeping vigour of our imagination, aud pointa with oppressive vividness the details of our conduct, in acts from which our whole nature starts away. And we attribute this galvanic vitality of our own imagination, whenever it trespasses into forbidden regions of thought, to nil great crime, and peer curiously iuto its annals, as if its hideouB features would nt least bo lighted up bv that electric atmosphere which men who are weary of the deadness and monotony of human custom eomotimes learn to udmirc. " Youth hoars a voice within it toll Calm's not life's crown, though calm is well," and is somotimcs disposed to look with feelings approaching to envy on tho imaginary vividness of tlio life which is purchased even at the ex pense of peace. To such conceptions nothing brings a ruder contradiction than most of the actuul records of great crimes. Tho scenes in which Shakspenro has described how Mubeth, " with Tarquin's ravishing stride, towards his design moves like a ghost," his imagination lit up by unearthly fires, nnd his ambitious dreams alternated by fitful glimpses of the hell which no is preparing lor lnmselt ; or the picture which Scott has painted of Mary Stuart, j startled by some sudden nUusion to tho mur der at Holyrood into a fit of guilty but royal delirium, summoning her accomplices in sin to swjll her array of followers, — such pictures somcunios mislead us into scanning tho story of every great crime, as if wo should find in it signs of this preternatural wakefulnes of the imagination, of a mind sourged by the furies into attitudes that at least combine grandeur with guilt. In general, however, , it ib far otherwise. The prosent day is riot poor 111 crimes of tremendous magnitude. Within the last fortnight wo have hod the story of parri cide in humblo life, and of the still more unnatural crime of attempted filicido-in the .higher ' rank, with no insignificant array of murders of a more ordinary class ; but in none of them 13 there discernible any striking imaginative exeit.-ment, any cracking of ilmt brutal crust with which the raurdcrer's mind is generally armed against imaginative horrors \--any display or the malignant hell within. The wretched Ilkeston parricide would seem as ensehardened and vulgar a criminal as could bo found among tho professional class of common pilferers. And tlio unlmppy man whoso wavering purposes led him into an irresolute and ineffectual, attempt on his son's lifo has shown, as yet at lea-t, no sign of any but tho least romantic impulses to such a deed, or of any imaginative stirrings of remorse. In the case of tlio attempted murder, prompted byjeulousy, in Northumberland street, Strand, there was no doubt a sea of furious passions and hopes Buried iu the hjbart of the. man who met his own death in tho attempt-; but even in him, if wo may judge by the evidence, tlio low cunning of liis habitual lifo can scarcely have boon consistent with, the nobler .qualins and deeper speculative hesitations which are apt to fascinato the imagination when depicted in the tinselled philosophy of Bulwcr's Eugene Aram, or tho starting and shrinking conscience of Macbeth. By far the majority of great crimes are committed by men who pass with ns little imaginative horror into the last and lowest gulf of gu'lt 09 base's ordinary men in ordinary conflicts with cons 'icnco and God. How, then, can wo account for the habitual disposition to clothe such crim -s in- the atmos phere of a special magnificence of colouring, and to make them the centres of tho highest creative efforts of tho imagination ? - In the first place, there are no doubt a few great inuigina'ive temptations to startling criuio — tempt ations-which might bjsjt a man whose ordinary life.had .been not les3 pure than that of those around him, if His imagination were much more active and powerful. Suc'i especially are crimes of ambition which Shaksperc bus g nerally taken as the centrd of his tragedies, of crime, simply because it permits the delineation of a mind still open to all tlio Uglrr spiritual questionings in conjunction with the worst shades of premeditate! evil. Tho hope! of attaining great power is ono which, more than any other, is permitted to magnetise and fasci nate a certain class of mm, not into passionate and unconscious, but into deliberate and con scious guilt, dragging them on under tho shadowy disguise of an inevitable destiny which Shaksperc lias intuitively perceived to. bo a nearly uniform clement in this kind of sudden and traggic plunge into the deepest abyss of crime. And in cases like these, wlicrc the force ot the temptation takes citect chiefly through the- instrumentality of tho imagira'ion, the warning instincts also seem to make the imagi nation their instrument, eo that the whole force of the battle is fought out upon this arciia. There is no other class of temptations which nerve men to face the imigimtion of deadly crime so consciously, and in all its horrors, without tho preparation of a previous moral declension. The only temper ing clement is that cutiojsly vivid sense of fatality which seems to make the plunge less an action than a destiny. This, however, is probably nearly the only class of crimes which are, in fact, attended by that cloud of spurious imaginative grandeur generally supposed to envelop all kinds of heinous guilt. Perhaps, indeed, we should qualify this assertion. There is a clns3 of crimes generally of tho secondary order of guilt, because in some sense disinterested, and incurred under the in fluence of others, which seem, at least in their consequences, to involve the highest possible stimulus to the imagination, — crimes of -which the penalty is a convulsed imagination, though in their origin they may have b?cn due to some overmastering impulse which, while it lasts, keeps the whole mind in a kind of deadly trance. Such, us a rule, arc tlio worst deeds of women, even when they seem most cold and cruel, und do most violence to their deepest instincts; — crimes not in their nature imagina- tivcoreven intellectual, buttheoffspringsof some ' oncpowerfulinstincfc which for tiie timogainstho victory over all others, though terribly avenged' sooner or later by tho reaction of the other, violated instincts on the imagination. It was amongst this class, wo are persuaded, that Stmkspero meant to include even the guilt of Lady Macbeth. Ho has delineated her nature as more unscrupulous than her husband's, but as less deeply degraded by their common guilt. Her crime begins in umbiiioii for her husband, not for herself; she is haunted by no imaginativo restraints like her weaker and more selfish lord; natural instinct, indeed, asserts its force decisively once : she would have taken %tho guilt of tho murder itself upon her had not Duncan resembled "her father while lie slept but as Macbeth plunges deeper and ' deeper in guilt, with less nnd less shrinking, she begins to feel the recoil of outraged in stincts, and at last her mind yields to tho strain and is broken by the horror of its own haunt ing memories. As a rule, feminine crimes are of tho samo clas?, crimes of instinct avenged by instinct, b 'ginning in unscru pulous self abandonment, ending in. a kind of roraorso that is almost . mono mania, and only imaginative when the instinct that asserts its sway over Lhomiad can fiud no other than imaginative food. Tho stories of child-murder followed by, mono mania which we road so commonly, and of which the greatest picture cvor given to tho world is contained in Adam Beaes are all of this class. To this also belong the large class of crimes committed by 6uch women as tiro Queen of Scots, of whoso paroxysms of remorso Sir Walter Scott has given us so marvellous a picture in The Abbot. But tho imaginativo side of these crimes is tho remorseful side. They seldom involve any deliberate weighing of guilt beforehand, and represent, as far ns they are wilful, tho utter blindness of wilfully one-sided impulse. Seen truly — as they are depicted, for instance, in Hetty's character in Adam Bede — nothing can bo blinder tlmn tho first stupiftcd plungo ; it is not till tho lacerated instinct reasserts its power, without finding any way of stilling the pain, that it bnoine to take effect on the imagination, end to replace its natural and un66hSCI02a- inflttenco over tho mind by awakening empty echoes in the memory, and painting unreal pictures on tho air. With those exceptions, wo believo it to bo for tho most part true that tho imaginative atmosphere with which great crimes are gene rally surrounded is really an invention of tho looker-on. Seeing events which it shocks and startles our own imaginations even to conceive, we attribute to tho actors in them the same visionary apprehensions, tho samo intensified perceptions, tho samo for-reaching field, of reproachful associations as would haunt a com paratively healthy naturo in the same circum stances. But, ns it turns out, nothing is less true to fact. A9 a rule, in a descending career, tlio imagination, in any wide sense, is one of tho first faoultios to bo blunted and depraved. A man who retains any healthy vividness of imagination has seldom sunk far, or hopelessly, in the moral scale. We do not mean, of course, that mere physical terrors will not lmxnt the minds of the very lowest ; but fits of moral delirium tremens do not constitute a vivid imagination. What wo mean by that im aginative vitality, which is so often, and gene rally so erroneously, ascribed to cVimo, is that vivid grasp of tho true meaning and bearing of all that it involves, that full perception of tho deeper contradictions and outruges upon nature which are implied in it, which is always comprehended in the romantic delineation of crime. In contrast to this, let us only con sider, such a cuso ns that of tlio Ilkeston par ricide, a case in which, if anywhere, we might expect to find some horror of the imagination, oven in tho most ignorant nnd brutal naturo. Except, porhaps, .the murder of a son or, daughter, from purely avaricious motives, there is no kind of crime which seems more likely to scourge tho criminal through his imagination than this. Even in the lowest nature some feeling of tho sacredncss of' tho tie which ought to bind children to parents might bo expected to linger — something of that instinctive shyness, if not reverence, which erects so strong a barrier round a parent's life. Ceteris paribus, crimes com mitted upon equals are much less guilty than tho?c which concern persons who ought to excite tho feelings cither of tender com passion or of reverence. There is a warning in tho vulgarest minds against violating the sacredness of such relations which wo might expect to exercise some restraint, and oven when defied, to react in bitter re morse. Yet there was no trn?e of this in tho unlmppy man who murdered his father ap parently without the excuse of momentary passion. His imagination sccmcJ oven on his trial to be in no way absorbed witli the act of which ho had been guilty. There was no trace in him of any of the romance, of crime. The truth probably is that every act of grcQt spiritual audacity docs to a certain ex tent stimulate the imagination ; but tha crime requires lcs9 an£ Icsb real spiritual au dacity, has less and less meaning altogether to the mind, as it is repeated. The first breaking of conscious law is like a plunge in cold water, and braces every faculty to protest. But when tho boundaries of law arc altogether offaced, there is no shock, and therefore no stimulus any longer. The visionary dagger which led 011 Macbeth to tho murder of Duncan no longer haunted him when lie despatched his creatures to slaughter tho wife and children cf Macduff. . Great Increase in Canadian Emigra tion. — It is gratifying to learn that the emi gration to the Canadian provinces is making gigantic strides, tho latest official returns showing that double the number of passongers had arrived ot tho port of Quebec during tho present over the first Half of last year. The return from tho Government migration ofilco at Quebec shows that tho. number of emigrants arrived at port up to tho 29th June, from the opening of the navigation, amount to 589 cabin and 9165 steerage, against 437 cabin and 4,635 'stoerago in I860, being an increase of 4,712 souls.'- Of these, 3,215 were, carried out by steamers ;frora the Mersey and the Clyde direct, nqd 6,SG9 by sailing vessels from nil parte of Kiiropo, From Englaud the 'numbers were 570 cabip and 2,664 steerage; from Ireland, 1 cabin and 236 steerage ; from Scotland, 53 cabin and 436 steerage ; from Germany, 1,159 steorago ; and from Norway, eto;, 25 cabin and 4,663 steerage passengers. Mr. A Buchanan, agent for emigration at Quebec, in his report for 1861, says that "farmers will now be able to afford increased employment to agricultural labourers — men who can plough, mow, and reap, and who understand draining — to which class chiefly does this country at present offer tlio certainty of steady employment. The class ef pooplo whom we want, and who cannot fuil to do well, are those who, hiving a small amount of capital, are prepared to purchase and settlo on our land, and mako homes for thomselvos in the forests, as tho inhabitants of this free and -fertile ' land have done before them. Tho hardships to bo encountered now are less than they were 25 years ago, when a low thousand neonlo wcrn armttorfid orfir a loni? frontier of country.- — Gore's Advertiser . Municipal Selp-Government. — " No- whero is it so perfect as in Canada. Each district has thorough control over its own affairs. Taxation for tho puqiosc of local improvement or education i9 levied by the town or county council, elected by the dwellers in each township. No bye-law for, raising money can be euforced, unless it has been pre viously submitted to tho electors or people. Tho town council consists of five members, one of wbom is town-reovo; the town-reeves form the county councils, and the presiding officer elected by thorn is called the warden. From the completeness of tho organisation, no merely local quest iou can be brought before the pro vincial legislature, and it would bo well if tho Imperial Parliament could, by similar means, be reliovcd of an immenso amount of business inconsistent with its dignity." The above extract is from an interesting talc in the Leisure Hour , but its appositcness to tho present circumstances of this colony will be soen at once. Tlio general adoption and healthy exercise of the municipal system wotild tond perhaps more than anything else, to diminish the business of the geucral legislature, to shorten its sessions, and to prevent much of that uhscemly squabbling and personal recri mination that so often waste the timo and disgrace the proceedings of presont Ugislaturcs. The Volunteer Corps. — At fche adjourned meeting of tho Warrnambool corps held on Wednesday evening last, a memorial to Colonel Pilt, complaining of the delay in issuing rifles from HeAd Quarters, was unanimously adopted. It was also determined that the drill on Wed nesdays should be held in the evening instead of tho morning. There appears to be a gcnerdl feeling of indignation existing with tbc Western Voluutcers against tho cool manner in wlitch they are treated by the Melbourne uutliorities. We understand tho Belfast corps has the somo complaints to make, and wo expect Portland also. Colonel Pitt cau scarcely orpect men to enter for two years' service, when their wants are treated so cavalierly, and he must not be surprised to fiud tho Western Rifle Corps not so large as formerly. Volun teers like to bo treated equally, not to have, — as tho Warrnauibool corps has experienced, — ten beggarly rifles served out amongst eighty men lor tho past twelve months !— Jrarrnam- boot Examiner, 4th October. A Jeff. Davis Dinner. — A secessionist went into a restaurant in Martinez a few days Bince, and called for a " first rate Jeff. Davis meal." In duo course of timo the waiter placed boforo him a large covered dish — "only that and nothing more." On removing tho cover, Seceeh, found Bnugly coiled up a hempen rope, with a slip r.ooso at ono end. Ho left — had no appetite.— nan Francesco Seraldt. 10th 'August/ 