' WATER POLIGE COURT.-THOTMDAY. BEFCXUS tbs Water Folioe M«giBlr»t» end Mr. H. 0. Bur j . .. .. . .. i ... , Dell,,'- ", / Augustas Welsh «od "Mary 'Anna Leek, oonvloted of drunkenness, were each fined 110s. ; ?' or, in . default, twenty-four hours' solitary confinement. < Charles Thompson and John Ward, found guilty'of absenting themselves, ¡without lease from the ship Cinderella, were sentenoed to one week's hard labour. 'John Burns; a seaman, for desertion from the Marian Moore aiiice 91st Jilly, prosecuted by, tia. Deputy/Ship plng Maater,; w»a sentenoed to be. imprisoned and kept to hard jabour, for aiz weeks., . Three. oaseB . on" the' summons !list wera dismissed, there being no' appeeianee. ' '' ' : .. , i 1 ,. ( bm,JOHN.MOORE'S ARMY.-A battle was fought be- fore Corunna, in 'which we 'olaimed tho viotory. The Gi'naral-in-Gbief (Sir John Moore) was killed, and has lily interred, . ;TUo second in oommand was sevorely wounded, aid as hastily 'embarked, as did tho remains of that fine army, that bad. left our. aboroa but a twelve month before, oompietoly equipped, and in perfeot brier. Whit a contrast was presented' to me when, in company with :my; ,'-'.friend;, il :witnessed, them, strangling up Porlsmouth.'btreet, in, a most, deplorable oonditlon ; many. n in..,.a,, state y. 'ot intoxication-some with fire-arms, , some '"'without-'some with nothing on their heads, 'others without shoes, their regimentals discoloured '-'and i torn,-they presented! a true though lomentabtnble specimen of ,a .retreating army. .How it WBB that two, baltaliana of the King's German Legion morohod up after, thom in good order, with all their equipments, and eaoh man'with a sparo pair of aboea strapped on his knapsack, I never could , undsrstaud ; but I reraember it sailed forth some severe) remarka on rnllitory diiolpllne, or tbe want of it, from every re- spectable observer.-Thomas Croft. ? Vixm * SrEÁkittoí-A- - writer ?' in . the Sunday Times, of 81at March last, under tba signature sf " Warder," addresses tho Bev. Charles Spurgeon in the fellowing terms:-" I frequonlly,meet with people who profess'to bs amazed ait, your popularity. Why should they T Yon worK bard. \ou hove unlimited supply of tongue al- ways at command. Yon never puzzle tba brains of your hearer«.'1 Your eermonB are well spioed. You aro flip- pant, familiar, and in a eertain fashion, joooso. You are intolerant, dogmatic, and commonplace. You revel in judgments. You are preciso in all tho details of perdi tion. You have scaled tho heights of beaven. Yon have fathomed the depths of! hell. You talk with Satan t,s a mau talks witb bis friend. You talk with the Almighty as no man talkB witb his friond. Yon,., are the munificent patron of the Bode'emer. You are tho merry playmate of the Holy Ghost; Yon are a wbolasale and «tail dealer in that famous .and muob sought-after artiole-damnation. Your pulpit is a big brlmatone warehouse. You are one of the Chowns of tho Church, addressing immortal souls in a'Here'we are'sort of style. 'Illustrious Cadger I I almost adora you. Tho faoility with which you ooaveit brass into tin ls something to be admired in thia age of money-hunting: You bring Omnipotence Itsell into your ) shop, and set it up behind tbe ooun'er BB ohief salesman. You beg and pray in the same holy nome- tho esme unholy spirit. - You sell your blessings as the priests of''another set > used to sell their indulgences. lYou aro tho 'oheep-jsoli of tho religious world, and drive a roaring. trade. ' So, many Divine grains for so muob I : A'dose of damnation and a pun for so niuob. Here you have a poko in tbs ribs ot the In iT.ble for.so muor. ¡What shall bo the next artiole, gentlemin t\\-l will,danoo, a heavenly bornpipo for so much I Jigs of grace aro going at so ra ooh I /Hero isa pair ot evnngoliojl stilt's thoy ore going nt so muon I 'The irruaistlblo burlesque ! of redemption Is now offered-who bids ?; Thu devices of the devil denounoed fbf so muob I Babylon exposed, in a screech of'bigotry .for.the, smallest possiblo cor slderationl , Tba,doctrines pf Salvation'.discounted nt sn muob per'cent. Dishonoured'bills'of ronsoience bought in 'to any amount. A', ca.' ta .against any man's soul granted '? on tho lowest posiitle terma l Saortd sneers by the dozen I Jibes of spiritual joy by the grossi! Pay up stiff ond prompt ond I will pray for you I. Psy not up, and I will curse you I' Whoso giveth unto Spurgeon, lendeth unto :tbo Lord : whoso giveth not unto Spurgoon, shall be given over unto the, wicked one. . < Guntleman, the ob ape! ia paid for, and now. it be- longs to my friend JOBUB.' ; Suoh, slr, is your boast ons night. Toe next, you blow up your guuBts booaus'o the oolleotion ia a email one. ' Your congratulations sre In God's name: so are your censurés. vYou,-are libo an Irish beagar in thia rospect. ; Give | end no bonodioiion oan bo too gracious-deny ; and no denunciation oan ho too withering I : If you reçoive ? donation, tbe promises of den .Hon fall from your lips. If you do not, you find the threats of Hades juat as easy 1'.' .'-.,?:,;',, QUEEN MARV'S MARIUAOB.-Using on the spot, the ambassador took the opportunity o.l sgain trying Mary's disposition upon ibo mnrriogo quostion. His hopes bad waned since her arrhal ia London; ho had spobou to Paget, who agreed that an ollianoe wi h tho Prince of 8p»in was the most splendid whioh the Quean oould hope for ; but the tim» was inopportune, and tho pooplo wera intensely hostile The exigencia of the position, he thought, might obligo tho Queen to yield to wisbos whloh abe oould not opposo, and aooopt Lord Courtenay j or possibly ber own inclination might sot iu tho samo direction ; or, again, abo might wish to ronaw ber carly 'engagement with the Emperor hlmsolf. Tho lame un- certainty had boen felt nt Bruasols; tho Bishop of Arrnu, thereforo, had charged Ilonard to feel bis way carefully and mtko no blunder. If Ibu Queen inollnod to tho Emperor, ho might apoak of Phillp as moro ollglblo ; if nita fancied Courtenay, it would bo UBoIebs to intcrfcro-sho would ODly resent bis opposition. Bonord obeyed bis instructions, and tho reanlt was re-apmiring. When tho ambassador men- tioned tba word " marriage," tho Quoon began to smilo aignlfloantty, not ono«, but mony timon ; sho plainly liked tho topic ; plninly, also, her thoughts: wero not turning in the direotion nf nny Knglish husbind ; BIIO ?poke of ber rank, and of bor unwillingness lo oondo s ¡end to a sui jeal ; Courtenay, the solo remaining ropro. sentativo of tho White Hoto, except the Pelas, waa tho only Englishman who could in any way ho thought, suitable for her; but olio paid that she oxpuoted tho Kmporor to providn n oonsnrt for her, and that, being a woman, aha oould not make tbs first advanoep. llenard satisfied himself from her manner that, if tho Prince of Bpain was proposed, tho offer would be unit entirely woloomo I-Frouiles' of History En/lamt, Tho armament of tho two floating battorlos tho ûïlna and tim Thunderbolt, now anchored in the Thames at Coalhousa Point and Shorumoado, for the protection of that rlvir, ls most powerful, oaeh baltery being provided with sixtt sn On.pounders, cnoh of 00 owl- Of this arma- ment, two of the guns fire forward, and'two af I, leaving ?Ix noli for tba nlavboard and port brnadnldo. if re- quired, however, the wholo batte»» of broadside guns, twolva in number, oan ba brouchs InU. notion.on, either' .ide of tho floating battery, oaoh>aMmrtbtlR.anfliUni^dh With that »low» ' " , ' ¿ 