AN IRISH LETTER. .'??.'?.?' [Mr. Malaehi Mahoney, who kindly sent the , above to us for publication, has also intimated that j ','. he will favour us with a copy of his own next letter ; ? -i to his brother, which he has got in readiness for the 'Mail.— Ed. F.J.I ? Dear Malachi — It's not enhkely tnat aiore '' '' this reaches you that we'll have a free country here ' , ' in poor old Ireland ; for ar'n't we goin' to send her r- ''.'Majesty the Queen the National Petition for '' ?'?'''' \Repale, which, of course, she can't well have the ir face to refuse, after her Government making out :V''Buch a case for the Italians and all other people ; : over the world to have and hold their own. (I don't ~~ know whether they'll be as free-spoken, however, in regard to the right of the new American nation ; for that wouldn't be quite so safe a game to play with Lincoln as with others.) But talkin', Malachi dear, of the Repale of the Union, you, bein' a scholar, can best tell why it was called the Union an' not the dis- Union; for isn't it that it was all along 1 and the sooner the ease is brought into the Divorce Court the better. ' I can tell you it's in rale earnest that the people ?'?' here are to have an end to turnin' out creatures on the road- side to beg and starve, like the other day ' in the North, and famine, and ' tricks upon travel ; '?', lers' in the contract for the Galway line, and all the V'.' other fruits of the bad tree planted by the traitor j Dermid MacMurrogh so many years ago. Be the . , powers! an' if the French do land, won't we have I,'''.', the fine stand-up fight for it ; and then hurrah for , ' ,, ,; King Patrick M'Mahon the First of Ireland ! -j. It's a great pity tiat the great and the true patriot we all look up to is not of our side to-day — I mane Smith O'Brien; but, plase God, the time ; ; . will be when he'll fall into his own proper piaee, .and that's, at the head of an Irish Legion. Well as you seem to like the new country, I think, dear Malaehi, you'd come home to us if there was any thing to' be done for the old soil; you'd leave the bright skies and all the ondipendence after you, and leturn to try and help to make your own country a place fit for honest men to live in. At the present time, it's the most miserable country on the face of the earth, with the ghosts of Henry the Eighth and Martin Luther sitting on it in the shape of an ? Established Church, with guardians of it sueh as ' Bishop Plunket and Mr. Adair of Glenveigb. The 'Jumpers' is as busy here as ever, and goes about amongst the poor people with their Bibles and ,-??-. rspaking disrespectful of the Pope and the Catholic 1 religion— 'twas only the other day that one ? of ! '.'. the dirty spalpeens came into our village and began preaching, and, says he, ' Don't ye Papists,' says he, 'worship false Gods, sticks, and stones, and ' sich like, and pray at holy wells like the Pagans.' \ 'But,' says I— takin' him up quite short— says I, ''twould be well for you and the likes of ye if you'd ?come too to the holy wells, me boy !'* ' An for '. -why!' says he, quite impident — 'you ignorant idolater,'1 says he. ' To look for Truth,1' says I, 'for ye know she lives at the bottom of a well!' (as I often heerd you say, you know Malachi, out of \- yer books)— bad cess to me but you'd laugh to see ? '? his face after I said it — he was clean shot, and ran ' ','* off as fast as he could, while we were all roarin' after .', him wid the laughin*. Its time for me to mintion ' ' to you, dear Malachi, about our all bein' well at '???? '.'' home since I last wrote. God leaves us the health ? .at any rate in all our troubles, and the old mother is wonderful strong, and sends you her thousand . loves and blessings. Your letters are her greatest comfort, she says. She keeps them all tied up in an old purse in her pocket, and has them read for her over and over — sure isn't it our greatest delight 1 to sit over the fire at night when your letter comes, and read all the fine accounts that you send us of Australia ; but to tell you the truth, dear Malachi, we are all astonished be what you say of the doings * at the gold diggings— the murder and robbery, and all that work; we all thought sure there was a Government in Australia, and that the foreigners who come into it were sure to be purtected. If the ?Inglishraen were turned out of China would'nt they massacre and burn all afore them, and why don't the poor China creatures be ltt alone when they come to Australia — of course we know bein' a new country as yet ye have no law and order, nor government ; but all in good time. What we can not understand aither is the Australians calling the Chinese a dirty race, for, from all you say, it looks as if themselves wer'nt over clean ; you could'nt call people anything but dirty suiely, who did'nt know anything about washing themselves for so many years, until now itself when doctors and newspapers is all preaching to them how its to he done, and they seem so delighted and wild o it of their minds like about it, but its 'the Turkish Bath' whith you desciibe to us will clean the creatures. . I' have hut little of news to tell you, Malachi dear, about the family and the neighbours — only that your sister Judy is soon to be married to a decent boy from the mountains ; and it's not impossible but I'll be off myself, too, this ' seroft.'* Father Martin comes to hear all your letters read ; and he bids me say he will write to you by the next Mail ; and he hopes you'll continue to tell us all your adventures in the same beautiful and knowledgable way that you done since you left us. 'We have fine weather here now ; and I think that, after all, when it is fine, there's no country in the world can come up to the beauty of Nature in old Ireland. No ; nor bate her in anything, though I says it, that's an Irishman to the back-bone. Dear Malachi, I'm writing with a bad pen, made from one of the quills dropped by the old white gander, an' so you must excuse ; an', besides, I'm tired, for it's goin' on one o'clock, when the whole family is asleep bud myself. You say the cocks ''? crow in Australia at all hours of the night; so I suppose you have neither ghosts nor fairies there ? even on ' Hollyeve.'f All here sends their love ; and accept the same, dear Malachi, from your ' efiectionate brother, MILES MAHONEY. 