IK no respect are tbe interests of town and country—of the goldfield* wrttu Melbourne, likely to be so antagonistic and irreconcQeable as in regard to the question of free-trade and protection. Upon that subject we anticipate that the mining districts will be unanimous. No protectionist, we should hope, will have the ghost of a chance, at the ensuing General Election, outside Melbourne and Qeelong. We are sot to be "terrified 1 by the subscription of £50 to the Protection League by Mr. Ambrose Kyte, nor converted by the transparent fallacies of Mr. Graham Berry (better known as Goose-berry), nor convinced by the illpgical maundering* of Mr. Dim. "We have heard all such stale and Bophislieal arguments in favour of monopoly, high prices, scarcity, and class legislation before. We are not of opinion that tbe colony was discovered and established for the exclusive benefit of a handful of operative masons in Melbourne and Geelong, or that its progress is to be arrested for the sake of keeping the wages of metropolitan artisans at a high figure. We object to be taxed for any such & purpose: for we might just as reasonably clamour for en impost of fire shillings upon every sovereign Imported into tbe colony, on the ground that as we are producers of raw gold, we ought to protect native industry, and enable the Victorian miner u iUer.) to compete upon more advantageous terms with tbe miners of California or the Ural Mountains. Preposterous as such a proposition may appear, it is not more preposterous than the project of levying an pd »alatmt duty of five-and-twenty" per cent, upon all commodities introduced into the colony which we are capable of manufacturing or producing ourselves. Truth to uty a duty of one pound per ounce to be imposed upon all crude or coined gold, and Jewellery, would be a necessary corollary of the proposition just adverted to. If all producing interests are to be protected, then, obviously, ,ths great producing interest ot the Colon has a prior and indefeasible right to be BO protected,—a claim paramount, in fact, to all others. Have the advocates of protection in Melbourne and GeeloDg ever looked at the question in this" light and followed their vicious reasoning out to all its consequences? Tbe cry of Protection which is now being raised is the most hollow, selfish and delusive of*H cries, Mr. Don admits that it means u high wages for Melbourne artisans} but he carefully onrts to mention that jt likewise means high pricef for the hundred thousand consumers of food, wearing apparel, implements and so forth, on the goidfieJds. In the altered circumstances of the mining population of this colony, whon'tJie pverage arnings of each individual has "been underoing a gradual diminution for the last seven ears, it has become a matter of imperative r, in other words, to minimize iving, &C-;, commeniurately with the dimi- ' hed guiie of the miner. But what wtj the Mi. ^ m '' ib«« of the Protertioo Leagae to the P "Tou Ottst acoa>eot to pay fiveto p®r Win for •lmoat evety «ticley»u <w»uBM, fonder tiat m &m; (it, tbe operatives of Melbourne and Geclong) may continue to receive th«.sauie wages as heretofore. We know that, here at least, every thioj has fallen in price,—bread. vegetables, and all the necessaries of life. We know that a prodigal expenditure of the public money has pared and lighted our streets, brought water to our doors, established parks and botanical gardens, a publiclibrary, and galleries of art. We know that a Melbourne mechanic enjoys gratuitously means of recreation and instruction whtcfi, two centurie* ago, were not within tbe reachj of princes and nobles: nevertheless, we ara not satisfied. We want to see wages maintained at tbe same height which they twschad' during the gold fever; and to do tbia, we ad the population on the various goldfields to submit, without a murmur, to an impost of five and twenty per cent, on most of tbe imported commodities they consume. We are aware that statistics show that tbe total yield of gold equally divided among the miners, only gives an average of 4s. 4*3. per diem to each man ; and that we want to secure 16s. a da; for ourselves; still we hope, that, for the sske of a great principle,—' Protection' to wit—you will cheerfully consent to the sacrifice required." Such, in effect, though not in the precise words, is the language held by the members of the Protection League, and it is tor tbe elector* of Maryborough and the other goldfields to aay whether they will be parties to such a nefarious system of class legislation as is hereby proposed. This is one of the issues about to be tried by tbe country. This is one of the questions upon which the provinces will find themselves at odds with the metropolis. This is one of the subjects upon which no candidate should be allowed to express himself in an uncertain or half-hearted way. Protection is theft thinly disguised. It robs tbe consumer to benefit the producer. It gives profit and pre-eminence to one dais at tbe expense of all tbe reft. It is unjust in principle, and oppressive in operation. It is founded in ignorance, and it issues in iniquity. It has been condemned after the fullest and fairest trial in England, and ought to be summarily knocked on the bead here; and the sooner the better. The farmers of Bacchus Marsh we observe, in public meeting assembled, have pronounced in favor of a protective duty of Ilk. per quarter on wheat, and £4 pet ton on flout -, and if this were established, its immediate effect s would a be to make bread one-fourth dearer than at present. Of course, if the farmer* ate s protected, tbe squatters would have an equal right to be so, and to levy a swinging duty upon all stock crossing tbe border from the s adjoining colonies. Thus, the cost of living would be immediately enhanced to an extent of from twenty to thirty per cent. We, the inhabitants of the goldfields, are to pay the piper. We are to suffer. We are to groan under tbe burden of these imposts, without the possibility of receiving any equivalent advantage. What words would be strong enough to stigmatise tbe rank selfishness and gross injustice of such a policy P It is humiliating to reflect that it should be attempted to 1m enforced by a community which includes teu» of thouB&nds; of prnwuif who took p-art in the great struggle against monopoly and protection in the mother country, and who are now striving to revive in Victoria, the pernicious principles and disreputable tactics of an effete and exploded torvism. 