[?] A TALE OF HORROR. I was tlie member of the family se lected to escort old Lady Speldhurst to ber room — tbc room I had vacated in her favour. I did not much like the of- fice. I felt a remurkablo repugnance to my godmother, but my worthy aunts insisted so much that 1 should ingratiate myself with one who had so mucb to leave, that I could not but comply. The visitor hobbled up the brond oaken stairs actively enough, propped on my arm and her ivory crutch. The room never had looked moro genial and pretty, with its brisk fire, modern furniture, and its gay French paper on the walls. " A nice room, my dear and I ought to he much obliged to you for it, since my maid tells mo it is yours," said her ladyship ; " but r am pretty sure you repent your gene rosity to me, after all those ghost-stories, and tremble to think of a strange bed and chamber, eh ?" I made some com mon-place reply. Tho old lady arched her eyebrows. "Where have they put you, child ?" she asked : " in some cook- loft of tho turrets, eh ? or in a lumber- room — a regular ghost-trap ? I cau hear your heart beating with fear at this mo ment. You are not fit to bo alone." I tried to call up my pride, and laugh off the accusatiou against my courage, all the more, perhaps, becauso I felt its truth. " Do you want anything more that I can get you, Lady Speldhurst," I asked, tryiug to feign a yawn of sleepi ness. Tho old dame's keen eyes were upon me. " I rather like you, my dear," she 6aid, " and I liked your mamma well enough before she treated me so shame- 'fully about the christcoing dinner. Now, 1 know you are frightened and fearful, and if au owl should but flap your win dow to-night, it might drive you into fits. There is a nice littlo sofa-bed in thiB dressing- closet — call your maid to arrange it for you, aud you can sleep there snugly, under the old witch's pro- . tection, aud then no goblin dure harm you, and nobody will a bit tho wiser, or quiz you for being afraid." How little I knew what hung iu the balance of my refusal or acceptance of that tri- viul proffer ! Had the veil of the future been lifted for one iustant! but that veil is impenetrable to our gaze. Yet, perhaps, sho had a glimpse of the dim vista beyond, she who made the offer ; for when I declined, with an affected laugh, she said in a thoughtful half ab stracted mauner, " Well, well ! we must all take our own way through life. Good night, child — pleasant dreams!" And I softly closed the door. As 1 did so, she looked round at mo rapidly, with a glunco I havo never forgotten, half mali cious, half sad, as if she had devined the yawning gulf that was to devour my young hopes. It may huvo been mere eccentricity, tho odd phantasy of a crook ed mind, the whimsical conduct of a cynical person, triumphant in the power of affrighting youth and beauty. Or, I have since thought, it may have been that this singular guest possessed some Buongittusthciriigulanu ' second-sight, a gift vague, sad, and useless to the possessor, but still sufficient to convey a dim senso of coming evil and boding doom. And yet had she really known what was in store for rae, n-hat lurked be- hiud tho veil of tho future, not eveu that arid heart could have remained impassive to the cry of humanity. She would, she must have snatched me back, . even from the edge of tho black pit of misery. Rut, doubtless, she had not the power. Doubtless she had but a shadowy presentiment, at auyrato, of some harm to happon, aud could not see, save dark ly,, into the viewless void where the wisest stumble. I left the door. As I crossed the lauding a bright gleam came from another room, whose door was left ajar ; it (the light) fell like a bar of golden sheen across my path. As I ap proached, the door opened, and my sister Lucy, who had been watching for me, came out. She was alroady in a white cashmere wapper, over which her looseued hair hung darkly and heavily, liko tan gles of silk. " Rosa, love," she whis pered, " Minnie and I can't bear the idea of your sleeping out there, all alouc, in that solitary room, the very room, too, nurse Sherrard used to talk about ! So, as you kuow Minnie has given up her room, aod come to sleep in mine, still we shoutd wish you to stop with us to-night at anyrate, and I could make up a bed on the sofa for myself, or you — and — " I stopped Lucy's mouth with a kiss. I declined her of fer. I would not listen to it. In fact my pride was up in arms, and I felt I would rather pass the night in the churchyard itself than accept a proposal dictated, I felt sure, by tue notion that my nerves were shaken by the ghostly lore we had been raking up, that I wus a week, superstitious creature, unable to pass a uight in a strange chamber. So I would uot listen to Lucy, but kissed her, bide her good night, and went on my way laughing, to show my light heart Yet, as I looked back in the dark corri dor, and saw the friendly door still ajar, the yellow bar of light still crossing from wall to wall, the sweet kind face still peering after me from amid its bluster ing curls, I felt a thrill of sympathy, a wish to return, a yearning after human love aud companionship. False shamo was strongest, and conquered. I waved a gay adieu. I turned the corner, and, peeping over my shoulder, I saw the door close; the bar of yellow light was there no longer in the darkness of the passage. I thought, at that iustant, that I heard a heavy sigh. I looked sharply r.ound. No one was there. No door was op'en, yet I faucied, and fancied with a wouderful vividness, that I did hear an . actual sigh' breathed not far off, and plainly distinguishable from the groau of the syoamure-braoches, as the wind tossed them to and fro in the outer black- ness. If ever a mortal's good angel had cause to sigh for sorrow, uot sin, miuo had cause to mourn that night. But imagination plays us strange tricks, and my nervous system was not over-coui- posed, or very fitted for judicial analysis. I had to go through the picture-gallery. I had never entered this apartment, by candle-light beforo, and I was struck by i the gloomy array of the tall portraits, < gazing moodily from tho canvas on the ' lozonge-paned or painted windows, which I rattled to the blast as it swept howling j by. Many of the faces looked stern, ' and very different from their daylight expression. In others, a furtive flicker ing smile seemed to mock me, as my candle illumined them ; and in all, the eyes, as usual with artistic portraits, seem ed to follow my motions with a scru tiny aud an interest the more marked for the apathetic immovability of the other features. I felt ill at easo under this stony gaze, though conscious how absurd were my apprehensions ; and I called up a smile and an air of mirth, more as if acting a part under the eyes of human beings, than of their mere shadows on the wall. I even laughed as I confronted them. No echo had my short-lived laughter but from the hollow armour and arching roof, and I con tinued on my way in silence. I have spoken of the armour. Indeed, there was a fine collection of plate and mail, for my father was an enthusiastic anti- qpary. In especial there were two suits of black armour, erect, and surmounted by helmets, with closed visors, whioh stood us if two mailed champions were guarding the gallery and its treasures. I had often seen these, of course, but- never by night, and never when my whole organisation was so overwrought and tremulous as it then was. As I ap proached the Black Knights, as we had dubbed them, a wild uotion seized on me that the figures moved, that men were concealed in the hollow shells which had once been borne in battle and tournay. I knew the idea was childish, yet I ap proached in irrational alarm, and fancied I absolutely beheld eyes glaring on me from the eyelet-holes in the visors. I passed them by, and then my excited fancy told me that the figures wore fol lowing me with stealihy strides. I heard a clatter of steel, caused, I am sure, by some more violent gust of wind sweeping the gallery through the crevices of the old windows, and with a smothered shriek I rushed to the door, opened it, darted out, and clapped it to with a bang that re-echoed through the whole wing of the house. Then, by a Budden and not un common revulsion of feeling, I shook off my aimless terrors; blushed at ray weak ness, and sought my chamber, only too glad that I hud been the only witness of ray late tremors. As I entered my chamber, I thought I heard something stir iu the neglectedlumber-room, which was tho only neighbouring apartment. But I was determined to have no more fancies, and resolutely shut my ears to this slight and transient noise, which had nothing unnatural in it; for surely between rats aud wind, an old manor- house ou a stormy night needs no sprites to disturb it. So I entered my room and rang for my maid. As I did so, I looked around me, and a most unaccount able repugnance to my temporary abodo came over me, in spite of my efforts. It was no more to be shaken off than a ohill is to bo shaken off when wo enter some damp cave. And rely upon it, the | : feeling of dislike and apprehension with which we regard, at first sight, oertain i places and people, was not implanted in us without some wholesome purpose. I grant it is irrational — mere animal in stinct — but is uot instinct God's gift, and is it for us to despise it? It is by instinct that children know their friends from their enemies — that they distin guish with 6uch unerring accuracy be tween those who like them and those who only flatter and hate them. Dogs do the same : they will fawn on one per son, they slink snarling from another. Show me a man whom ohildren and dogs shrink from, and I will show you a false, bad man — lies on his lips, and murder at his heart. No ; let nouo despise the heaven- sent gift of innate antipathy, which makes the horse quail when the lion crouches in the thicket — which I makes the cattle scent the shambles from afar, and low in terror and disgust as their nostrils snuff the blood-polluted air. I felt this antipathy strongly as I looked around me in my now sleeping- room, and yet I could find no reasonable pretext for my dislike. A very good room it was, after all, now that the green damask curtains wero drawn, tho fire burniug bright and clear, cnndles burn ing on tho mantelpiece, and the various familiar articles of toilet arranged as usual. The bed, too, looked peaceful aud inviting — a pretty little white bed, not at all the gaunt funeral sort of couch I which haunted apartments generally contain. My maid entered, and assisted me to lay aside the dress and ornaments I had worn, and arranged my hair, as usual, prattling the while, in Abigail fashion. I seldom oaro to converse with servants; hut on that night a sort of dread of being left alone — a longing to keep some human being near me — pos sessed me, and I encouraged the girl to gossip, so that her duties took her half an hour longer to get through than usual. At last, however, Bhe had done all that could be done, and all my questions were answered, and my orders for the morrow reiterated and vowed obedience to, and tho clock on the turret struck one. Then, Mary, yawning a little, asked if I wanted anything more, and I was obliged to answer No, for .shame's sake; aud she went. The shutting of the door, geDtly as it was closed, affected me uupleasantly. I took a dislike to the curtains, the tapestry, the dingy pictures ' — everything. I hated the room. I felt a temptation to put on a cloak, run, half-dressed, to my sisters' chamber, and say I had changed my mind, and come for shelter. But they must bo asleep, I thought, and I could not bo so unkind as to wake them. I said my prayers with unusual earnestness and a heavy heart. I extinguished tho candles, aud was just about to lay my head ou my pillow, when tlio idea seized me that I would fasten the door. The candles were extinguished, but tbc firo- light was amply sufficient to guide me. I gained the door.. There.was.a look, but it was rusty or hampered; but my utmost strength could uot turn the key. The holt was broken and worthless. Balked of my intention, I consoled myself by remembering that I had never had need )f fastening yet, and returned to my bed. I lay awake for a good while, watching the red glow of the burning coals in tho grate. I was quiet now, and more com posed. Even the light gossip of the maid, full of petty human cures and joys, bad done me good — diverted my thoughts from brooding. I was on the point of dropping asleep, when I was twice dis turbed. Once by an owl hootiDg in the ivy outside — an unaccustomed sound, but harsh and melancholy ; once by a long and mournful howling set up by the mastiff, chained in the yard beyond the wing I occupied. A long-drawn, lugubrious howling was this latter, and much such a note as the vulgar declare to herald a death in the family. This was a fancy I had never shared; but yet I could not help feeling that the dog's mournful moans were sad, and ex pressive of terror, not at all like his fierce, honest bark of anger, but rather as if something evil and unwonted were abroad. But Boon I foil asleep. How long I slept I never knew. I awoke at at once with that abrupt start which we all know well, and whioh carries us iu a second from utter unconsciousness to the full use of our faculties. The fire was still burning, but was very low, and half the room or more was in deep shadow. I knew, I felt, some person or .thing was in the room, although nothing unusual was to be seen by tho feoblo light. Yet it was a sense of danger that had aroused "me from slumber, i experienced, while yet asleep, tho chill and shock of sudden alarm, aud I knew, even in the act of throwing off sleep like a mantle, why . I awoke, and that some intruder was pre sent. Yet, though I listeued intently, no sound was audible, except the faint murmur of the fire — the dropping of a cinder from the burs — the loud irregular beatings of my own heart. Notwith standing this silence, by some intuition I knew that I had not been deceived by a dream, aud felt certain that I was not alone. I waited. My heart beat on ; quicker, more sudden grew its puisatious, as a bird in a cage might flutter in pre- seuce of a hawk. Then I heard a sound, faint, but quite distinct, the clank of iron, the rattling of a chain. I ventured to lift my head lrom the pillow. Dim and uncertain as the light was, I saw the curtain of my bed shako, and caught a glimpse of something beyond, a darker spot in the darkness. This confirmation of my fears did not surpriso me so much as it shocked me. I strove to cry aloud, but could not utter a word. The chain rattled again, and this time the noise was louder and clearer. But though I strained my eyes, they could not peno- trate the obscurity that shrouded the other end of my chamber, whence came the sullen clanking. Tn a moment seve ral distinct trains of thought, like many- coloured strands of thread twiaing into oue, became palpable to my mental vi sion. Was it a robber? could it be a supernatural visitant? or was I the victim of a cruel trick, such as I had heard of, and which some thoughtless persons love to practice on tho timid, reckless of its dangerous results. And then a new idea, with some ray of it, suggested itself. There was a fine young dog of the Newfoundland breed, a favourite of my father's, which was usu ally chained by night in an out-house. Neptune might have broken loose, found his way to my room, and, finding the door imperfectly olosed, have pushed it open and entered. I breathed more freely as thiB harmless interpretation of the noise forced itself upon me. It was — it must be — the dog, and I was distressing myself uselessly. I resolved to call him, I strove to utter his name — " Neptune, Neptune," but a secret apprehension re strained me, and I was mute. Then the chain clanked nearer and nearer to the bed, and presently I saw a dusky shape less mass appear between the curtains on the opposite side to where I was lying. How I longed to hear tho whine of the poor animal that I hoped might be the cause of my alarm. But no, I hoard no sound savo the rustling of the curtains and the clash of the iron ohain. Just thon the dying flame of the fire leaped up, and wittfone sweeping hurried glance I 6aw that the door was shut, and, horror, it is not the dog; it is the sem blance of a human form that now throws itself heavily on tho bed outside tho clothes, and lies there, huge and swart, iu the red gleam that treacherously dies away, after showing so much to affright, and sinks into dull darkness. There was now no light left, though the red cinders yet glowed with a ruddy gleam, like the eyes of wind beasts. The ohain rattled no more. I tried to speak, to scream wildly for help ; my mouth was parched, my tongue refused to obey. I could not utter a cry, and, indeed, who could havo heard me, alone as I was in that solitary chamber, with no living neighbour, and the picture-gallery be tween me and auy aid that even the loudest, most picrciug shriek could sum mon. And tho storm that howled with out would have drowned my voice, even if help had been at hand. To call loud — to demand who was there — alas ! how useless, how perilous. If the iutrudcr was a robber, my outcries would but goad him to fury ; but what robber would I act thus ? As for a trick, that seemed impossible. And yet, what lay by my side, now wholly UDscen ? I strove to pray aloud, as there rushed - ou my memory a flood of weird legends — the dreaded yet fascinating lore of my child hood. I had lieard and read of the spirits of wicked men forced to revisit the scenes of their earthly crimes — of demons that lurked in certain accursed spots — of the ghoul and vampire of the East, stealing amid the graves they rifled for their ghostly banquets,; and I shud dered as I gazed on tho blank darkness where I knew it lay. It stirred — it moaned hoarsely; and again I heard tho ohain clank close behind mc — so close that it must almost have touched mc. I drew myself from it, shrinking away iu loathing and terror of the evil tbiug — what, I know not, but felt that some thing malignant was near. And yet, in tho extremity of my fear, I dared not speak ; I was strangely cautious to be I silent, even in moving further off; for i had a wild hof$ that it — tho phantom, the creature, which ever it was — had not discovered my presence in the room. And then I remembered all the events of the night — Lady Splendhurst's ill- omened vaticinations, her half- warnings, her singular look as we parted, my sister's persuasions, my terror in the gallery, tho remark that " this was tho room uurse Sherard used to talk of." And then memory, stimulated by fear, recalled the long-forgotten past, the ill- repute of this disused chamber, the sins it had witnessed, the blood spilled, the poison administered by unnatural hate within its walls, and the tradition which called it haunted. The green-room — I remembered now how fearfully tho ser vants avoided it — how it was mentioned rarely, and in whispers, when we were children, and how we had regarded it as a mysterious region, unfit for mortal habitation. Was it — the dark form with the chain — a creature of this world, or a spectre? And again — more dread ful still — onuld it be that the corpses of- wioked men were forced to rise, and haunt in the body the places where they had wrought their evil deeds ? And was such as these my grizly neighbour ? The chain faintly rattled. My hair bristled, my eyeballs seemed starting from their sockets; the damp of a great anguish were on my brow,. My heart laboured as if I wore crushed beneath some vast weight! Sometimes it appeared to stop its fren zied beatings, sometimes its pulsations were fierce and hurried ; my breath came short and with extremo difficulty, aud I shivered as if cold ; yet I feared to stir. It moved, it moaned, its fetters clanked dismally, the couch creaked and shook. This was no phantom, then — no air- drawn spectre. But its very solidity, its palpable presence, were a thousand times moro terrible. I felt that I was in the very grasp of what could not only affright, but harm ; of something whoso contact sickened the soul with deathly fear. I made a desperate resolvo. I glided from tho bed, I seized a a wirm wrapper, threw it around me, and tried to grope, with extended hands, my way to the d tor. My heart beat high at the hope of escape. But I had scarcely taken one step before the moan ing was renewed ; it cliauged into a threatening growl that would havo suited a wolf's throat, and a hand clutched at at -my sleeve. I stood motionless. The muttering growl sank to a moan again, the chain souuiled no more, but still the hand held its gripe of my garment, and I feared to move. It knew of my pre sence, then. My brain ri-e ed, the blood boiled in my ears, and my knees lost all strength, while my heart panted like that of a deer in the wolf's jaws. I sank back, and the benumbing influence oi excessive terror reduced me to a state oi stupor. When my full consciousness re turned, I was sitting on the edge of the bed, shivering with cold, and barefooted All was silent, hut I felt that my sleeve was still clutched by my unearthly visi tant. The silence lasted a long time Then followed a chuckling laugh, thai froze my very marrow, and the gnushinc of teeth as in demoniac frenzy and then a wailing moan, and this was suceeded by silence. Hours may have passed — nay, though the tumult of my own heart prevented my hearing the clock strike, must have passed — but they seemed ages to me. And how were they spent? Hideous visions passed before the aching eyes that I dared not close, but which gazed ever into tho dumb darkness where it lay — my dread companion through the watohes of the night. I pictured it iu every abhorent form which an excited fancy could summon up ; uow as a skele ton, with hollow eyeholes aDd grinning fleshless jaws ; now as a vampire with livid face and bloated form, and dripping mouth wet with blood. Would it never bo light ! And yet, when day should dawn, I should be forced to see it faco to face. I had heard that spectre aod fiend were compelled to fade as morning bright ened, but this creature was too real, too foul a thing of earth, to vanish at cock crow. No ! I should see it — the horror — face to face ! And then the cold pre vailed, and my teeth chattered, and"shi- verings ran through me, and yet there was the damp of agony on my bursting brow. Some instinct made me Bnatch at a shawl or cloak that lay on a chair within reach, and wrap i t round me. The moan was renewed, and the chain just stirred. Then I sank into apathy, like an Indian at a stake, in the intervals of torture. Hours fled by and I remained like a statue of ice, rigid and mute. I even slept, for I remember that I started to find the cold grey light of an early winter's day was on my face, and steal ing around the roo>m from between the heavy curtains of the window. Shudder ing, but urged by tho impulse that rivets the gaze of the bird upon the snake, I turned to see the-'horror of the night. Yes, it was no fevered dream, no haluoi- nation of sickness, no airy phantom un able to face the dawn. In tho sickly light I saw it lying on the bed, with its grim head on the pillow. A .man ? Or a corpse a arisen from its unhallowed grave, and awating the demon that ani mated it. There it lay — agaunt,gigan: tie form, wasted to a skeleton, half olad, foul with dust and clotted gore, its huge limbs flung upon the couch as if at ran dom, its shaggy hair streaming over the pillows like a lion's mane. Its face was towards rae. Oh, the wild hideousnesB of that face, even in sleep ! In features it was human, even through its horrid mask of mud and half-dried bloody gouts, hut, tho expression was brutish and savagely fierce ; the white teeth were visible between the parted lips, in a malignant grin ; the tangled hair and beard worn mixed in leonine confusion, and there were soars disfiguring tho brow. Round the creature's waist was a ring of iron, to which wns attached a heavy but broken chain — the ohain I had heard clanking. With a second glance I noted that part of the chain was wrapped in straw, to prevent its galling the wearer. The creature — I cannot call it a man — had the marks of fetters ou his wrists; the bony arm that protruded through one tattered' sleeve was scarred and bruised the feet , were bare, and laceratec by pebbles and briers, and one of then was wounded, and wrapped in a morsel of rag. And the lean hands, one of which held my 6leeve, were armed with talons like an eagle's. In an instant the horrid truth flashed upon me — I was in the grasp of a madman. Better the phan tom that scares the sight than the wild beast that rends and tears the quivering flesh — the pitiless human brute that has no heart to he softened, no rcuson at whose bar to plead, no compassion, nought of mau save the form and the cuuniog. I gusped iu terror. All ! the mystery of those ensanguined fingers, those gory wol fish jaws! that face, all besmeared with blackening blood, is revealed ! The slain sheep, so mangled and rent — tho fantas tic butchery — thepintofa naked foot — nil, all were explained; and the chain, the broken link of whichvwas found near the slaughtered animals — 'It, came from his broken ohain — the chain fffe.had snap ped, doubtless, in his escape from, the asylum where bis raging frenzy had been fettered and bound. In vain ! in vain ! All, me ! how had this grizly Samson broken manacles and prisnu bars — how had ho eluded guardian and keeper and a hostile world, and come hither on his wild way, hunted like a beast of prey, too ! Yes, through the tatters of his mean and ragged garb I could see the marks of the severities, cruel aud foolish, with which mep in that time tried to tame the might of madness. The scourge — its marks were there ; and the scars of the hard iron fetters, and many a cica trice and welt, that told a dismal tale of harsh usage. But now bo was loose, free to play the brute — tho baited, tortured brute that they had made him — now without the cage, and ready to gloat over the victims his strength sboulil overpower. Horror ! horror ! I was the prey — the victim — already in tho tiger's clutch ; and a dreadful sickness camo over me, and the iron entered into my soul, and I longed to scream and was dumb 1 I died a thousand deaths as that awful morning wore on. I dared not faint. But words cannot paint what I suffered as I waited — waited till the moment when he should open his eyes and be aware of my pre sence ; for I was assured that he knew it not. He had entered tho chamber as a lair, when- weary and gorged with his horrid orgie ; and he had flung himself down to sleep without a suspicion that he was not alone. Even his grasping my sleeve was doubtless an act done betwixt sleeping and waking, liko his unconscious moans and laughter, in some frightful dream. Hours wenton; then Itrerubled as I thought that soon the house would bo astir, that my maid would come to call me as usual, and awake that ghastly i sleeper. And might ho not have time to tear me, as he tore the sheep, before ? any aid could arrive ? At last what I ; dreaded came to pass — a light footstep ou the landing — there is a tap at the i door. A pause succeeds and then tho , tapping is renewed, and this time more j loudly. Then the madman stretched his . limbs and uttered his moaning cry, and . hia eyes slowly opened — very slowly k opened, and mot mino. The girl waited r awhile ere she knocked for the third time. I trembled lest she should open the door unhidden — see that grim thing, and by her idle screams and terror bring about the worst. Long before the strong men could arrive I knew that I should be dead — and what a death ! The maid waited, nodoubt surprised at my unusually sound slumbers, for I was in general a light sleeper and an early riser, but re luctant to deviate from habit by entering without permission. I was still alone with the thing in man's shape, but he was awake now. I saw the wondering surprise in his haggard bloodshot eyes, I saw him stare at me half vacantly, then with a orafty yet wondering look; and then I saw the devil of murder begin to peep forth from those hideous eyes, and the lips to part as in a sneer, and the wolfish teeth to hare themselves. But I was not what I had been. Fear gave me a new and desperate oomposure — a courage foreign to my nature. I had heard of the best method of manag ing tho insane ; I could but try ; I did try. Calmly, wondering at my own feigned calm, I fronted the glare of those terrible eyes. Steadily and undauntod was my gaze — motionless my attitude. I marvelled at myself, but in that agony of sickening terror, I was outwardly firm. They sink, they quail abashed, those dreadful eyes, before the gaze of a help less girl ; and the shame that is never absent from insanity bears down the pride of strength, the bloody cravings of the wild beast. The lunatic moaned aud dropped his shaggy head between his gaunt squalid hands. I lost not an in- sant. I rose, and with one spring reaohed the door, tore it open, and with a shriek, rushed through, oaugbt the wondering girl by tho arm, and, crying to her to run for her life, rushed liko the wind along the gallery, down the corri-' dor, down the stairs. .Mary's screams filled the house as she fled beside me. I heard a long-drawn, raging cry, the roar of a wild animal mocked'of its prey, and I know what was behind me. I never turnod my head — I flew rather than I ran. I was in the hall already ; there was a rush of many feet, an outcry of many voices, a sound of scuffling of many feet, and brutal yells, and oatbs, and heavy blows, and I fell to the ground, crying, " Save me !' and lay in a swoon I awoke from a delirious trance. Kind faces were around my bed, loviug looks were bent on mo by all, by my dear father and dear sisters, but I scarcely saw them before I swooned again. . . . When I recovered from that long ill ness, through which I had been nursed so tenderly, the pitying looks I ; met made me tremble. I asked for a looking- glass. It was long denied me, but my importu nity prevailed at last — a mirror was ' brought. My youth was gone at one fell , swoop. The glass showed me a living and haggard face, blanched and bloodles's . as of one who sees a spectre ; and in the i ashen lips and wrinkled brow and dim , eyes, I could trace nothing of my old self. . The hair, too, jetty and rich before, was , now as white as snow, and in one night s the ravages of half a century had passed ; over my face. Nor have my nerves ever 1 recovered their tone after the dire shock, i Can you wonder that my life was blighted, that my lover shrank from me, so sad 'a wreck was I ? I am old now, old and alone. My sisters would have had mo to live with them, but I chose not to sadden their genial homes with my phantom face and dead eyes. Reginald married another. He lias been dead many years. I never ceased to pray for him, though he left me when I was bereft of all. The sad wierd is nearly over now. I am old, and near the end, and wish for it. I am not bitter or liani, but I cannot hear to see many people, and am best' alone. I try to do what good I can with the worthless wealth Lady Speldhurst left me, for at my wish ray portion was shared between my sisters. What need had I of inheritance ? — I, the shattered wreck made by that one night of horror. Tiie Pope's Advice to Frederika Bremer. — When Frederika Bremer '.was in Rome, not long ago, she visited the Pope, and conversed with liira. As she left Pius IX. — she tells us in her recent book— gave her this advice ; — " I will tell you something. Pray ! pray for light from the Lord, for grace to acknow ledge the truth : because this is the only means of attaining it. Controversy will do no good. In controversy people make a parade of their knowledge, of their aculeness, aud after all, every one con tinues to hold his own views. Prayer alone gives light and strength for the acquirement of trutli and grace. Pray every day, every night before you go to rest, and I hope that grace aud light may be given to you. For God wishes that we should.be humble ourselves; he gives his grace to the humble. And now, God bless and keep you, for time and eternity." This pure priestly and fatherly admoni tion was beautifully and fervently ex pressed, that it went to my heart, and humbly and with my heart I pressed the hand paternally extended to me. That it was the hand of the Pope did not em barrass rae in the slightest degree ; for he was to me really at this moment the re presentative of the Teacher who in life and doctrine preached humility, not before men, but before God, and taught mankind to pray to him. The Pope's words were entirely true and evangelical. I thanked hiin from my entire, heart, and de parted more satisfied with him than my self. I had stood before him- in my Pro testant pride ; he had listened with patience, replied with kindness, and finally exhorted me, not with papal arrogance, but as a true Gospel teacher. I parted with liiin with more humility of spirit than I had coiue. The subsidy given to the P. and 0. Company for the conveyance of the Aus tralian mails is at the rate of £134,672 per annum, in quarterly payments.' " A Fearful Whirlwind," says the Casterton correspondent of the Portland Chronicle, " took place at the station of Messrs. Campbell and Elms, on the after noon or evening of Monday last. Men were taken right up into the air. One poor fellow was killed by his fall to the earth ar<ain : several were a rrood deal bruised. Two huts were carried right off. Large trees were torn up and carried incredible distances. The scene was truly terrific,- A pole that was made for a dray was lying on the ground for some time, so that the grass was growing around ' it. It was carried many hundred yards. You may judge from that tho strength of the wind, the pole being a smooth, round article, presenting nothing, you would fancy, the wind could catch." Let the pole pass. But is it true that "men were taken right up in the air," and that " one poor fellow was killed by his fail to the earth again?" And if so, what is his name? Or has not the whole been a little coloured ? — Melbourne Herald. Highway Robbery. — Intelligence has reached the police here of another of those acts of highway robbery which have of late been so frequent in the Southern as well as the Western Districts. On Sun day afternoon last, between three and four o'clock, two men named Charles Blatner and George Jones, -when about two miles on this side of Pachlyis River, on their way to Goulburn, were set upon by three men armed with revolvers and en masque. The tallest of the three called out to the travellers "to stand aud strip," and forced them to take off' every stitch of clothing. The highwaymen then proceeded to possess themselves of the money of their victims, amounting to about £1'J, being £12 in notes, £5 in gold, and the rest iu silver. The robbers being apparently satisfied with their booty, returned tlio travellers Ids. aud decamned.— -Goulburn Chronicle. 