HUNTING. '?-.;:: the :mkm»ouki»e nrax. ? . Dsab bKLL,— 1 looked for an account of tho opening Sneetof tho nbovo pack in your issue of last Saturday, Jnit failed to find tho effusions of either 'the Ghost,' 'Qnorn,' or any other of your hunting correspondents. Having myself, however, donned breeches and boota at ?. the second tryst of the season, which was at Onklcigh ,\3*st Friday morning, I nm enabled to give you n short ? jucetch of our doings. At tno appointed hour (nino o'clock) I found Mr. NVatson on Bluckboy, surrounded by . several old supporters of tbo hunt, some few new pinks, and tho usual motley crowd to bo found nt any meet of ioxhounda. I noticed sovernl favourite cross country \- nags, by no means strangers to tho twang-twang of the : Master's horn, conspicuous amongst which wero Soventy 3?our, Coacheo, Comus, Tho Jew, Hambler, Wonder, Bobby, Scissors, nnd several others, tho names ot which \- I cannot nt tho moment recall. Tho sixteen couplo of iounds looked in excellent condition, and appeared \- eager for the fray. I am uncertain whether or not nny ? of the recently imported ones were out; if so, 1 heard no ? mention of them. I presumo, howover, thoy are some lhing first-rate as they havo cost the club a good round t Bum. Tbo morning was cold, with a strong north-east ? wind, and occasional smart showcra j to the unfuvourablo stato of tho weather may perhaps be uttributed tho want of anything liko sport. After drawing covert after eovert-for nearly threo hours, wo began to despair of ' finding; although there lvcro kangnrojs about, tho scent ' did not lie well, and not a whimper was beard. By this 1 lime the rain was more freo than welcome, and we were just about turning homewards when Ktctor challenged ? and a' ?' joey ' fpringiuc up proclaimed that the old lonnd was right— !ho pack Unshed nway in full chorus nt after running a couplo of miles, th-ew up their hcate nd failed ngain to get well on to tho trail of thoir Harry. Wo had occasional littlo spirts, but nothing ? Vo a holding scent, and eventually loft oil about tmo jnilo on this Bide of tho Dandcnong township. Your obedient servant, SPONGE. 