ST. PAUL'S CHURCH, PORT ADELAIDE. The ceremony of hiving the foundation-stone of ! the new* i>ortioii of St. Paul's t'hureli, at Port j Adelaide, took place on Thursday afternoon, May I 2th At naif-past 2 o'clock service was held m the ; church, the Lord Bishop officiating, and the lie v. ('. Marryat reading the lessons. There were present also the Very Rev. Dean Farrell, Arch deacon Woodcock, and the Rev. Messrs. Pollitt, Evans, and l'ahner. The service being concluded, a procession was formed—headed by the choir and Suudav-scliool children. Messrs. Anthony ami Sawtell (Building Committee), the Bishopahd Clergy, Mrs. Hart and party, the Committee, and the congregation—and proceeded to that portion of the new building where the foundation-stone liad been suspended. Mrs. John Hart then placed in a space lieneath the stone a bottle containing a paper with the following inscription: St. Paul's Church, Poet Adelaide. Built A.D. 18W. "The foundation-stone of the new portion of this building was laid bv Mrs. J. Hart, on Thursday, 23rd May, Anno Domini 18(51—in the 2jth veariof the reign of Victoria, Queen of England: in the fith year of the Governorship of Sir Richard ■ Graves MacDonnell; in the 14th year of the con secration of Augustus, Lord Bishop of Adelaide. "Charles Slarryat, M.A, Incumbent. "j. C.^Hawker, }Churchwardens. "J. Fomiby j " T. King, ( Members of Select "W. W. Ewhank, ( Vestry. "E. Taiiley, J "E. W. Wright, Architect. "J. Cleve, Builder. "To the Glory of God, the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Amen." Some coins 'of Queen Victoria, a list of the names of the Building Committee (Messrs. J. Hart, W. W. Ewhanlt, G. W. Hawkes, E. Alger, J. C. Hawker, T. H. Parker, J. T. King. F. L. WymaiL E. Sawtell, H. D. Cruttenden, J. Fonnb.v, R. M. Tapley, J. Antlionv, B. Reed, J. Vautiii, ' " Cherry), " and E. Cherry), a plan of the eliurch, and the pastoral address of the Bishop and statistics of the diocese, with the report of the Standing Com mittee and list of the clergy, Ac., for the past vear. The mortar was then spread by Mrs. Hart, and the stone lowered to its position. The choir then sung a liymn, and the Lord Bishop read prayers, after which the Rev. C. Mar ryat read the following address "I beg to lay before your Lordship a short report of our proceedings since the movement in favour of this enlargement just commenced. "At a meeting of the seatholders held on the Ttli Feliruaiy, 1851, it was unanimously resolved— 'That in order to satisfy the actual and prospective demand for seats, as well as to provide projter accommodation for the Sunday- school children and the poor of the district, for the captains, officers and sailors, and other strangers visiting the Port^ and for immigrants, it is necessary to enlarge 8t. Paul's Church without delay.' . "A Committee was appointed, and their appeal was so generally responded to, that in the month of April it was considered desirable to call for tenders for building the walls. " The sums promised amount.at present to 3391, 17s. Sd.. the greater part of which has already beenpaid to the treasurer. "The tender for the walls amount to 3787., leaving a deficiency of 3SU 2s. 4iL We have every confidence, however, that with the aid of the col lection to- day, and continued exertions, that we shall lie able to raise that sum before the walls are completed, and thus avoid trespassing upon the kindness of one of the members of the congre gation, who lias offered to lend us the sum of lUOf. without any interest for a year. "One pleasing part of our subscription-list is tHe large number of subscripts. This we con sider "most encouraging, as though many of the subscriptions are small, it shows that the interest is taken in the church by ell classes, by the rich and poor alike. The church when enlarged will be double the present size and will hold about 5()0 jiersons. "We dare not speak of the future; but we humbly pray the Almighty, in the name of whose Son we have laid the stone, as our only sure foundation, to bless our effort, and to put it into the hearts of our members to continue their efforts and liberality, in hopes that before long we may accomplish our work, and be enabled to call upon your Lordship to consecrate the new building to | gi)f honvvr. Our cause we feel is a good one, which is not only to provide for our residents in the Port, but for those many strangers who visitor cuter the colony through the "ott. "Once more then we ash Ooil s Messing, assured that the foundation can no man lav than that which is laid which is in Jesus Christ." The mimstrv and congregation then returned to the church, where His Lordship made .an appro priate address. lie compared the interesting cere nionr which had been witnessed to "casting bread upon the waters," but without the doubt of the end being accomplished. The new building, he said, was not built in hope or chance of its being of use or hcuciir, but was actually called for bv the wants of tite inhabitants of the Port. He thought there was every reason for thankfulness to the Almighty, as well as for congratulation, that they wen; thus able to enlarge their church. He con cluded with some words of exhortation to tile con gregation. The dismissal hyiun was then sung, and tile congregation dispersed. Although the weather was vc»y unfavourable, there were at least 150 persons present. 