LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. WEDNESDAY. THE SPEAKER took the chair at twenty-four minutes pmthr£etfCl0,*MBMBBRS SWORN. fc , ?' The following members took the oaths and their seats. for the several electorates mentioned In connection with their names, viz c-Mr. 8. B. Daniel, Wellington Mr. W. Cumming, Bart Macquarie, Mr. Robert Meston, Tenterfield ; Mr. J. C. Laycock, still Ctamh^auid Mr. John Peisley, Orange; and Mr. J. W. Gray, Kiama.! VOTE OF CREDIT. Mr. WEEKES gave notice of his intention to move,, to-morrow, upon the House going into Committee of Ways and Means, that the sum of £253.000 be granted to defray the expense of the public service from the 1st January to the 31st March, 1861. "_,_,_""" PETITION. " 2, Mr. PARKES presented a petition from Mr. John Campbell, of Campbell's Wharf, praying for leave to submit a bill empowering him to Jesus, tell, or otherwise, control the management of certain property of which he is trustee, and to apply the proceeds thereof. for the benefit of the individuals named in the trust deed. The petition having been received, , Mr. PARKES handed in the various papers required by the standing orders, and gave notice of his intention to move for leave to bring in a bill for the purposes mentioned. RAILWAY TO plcTfm Mr. SHEPHERD asked, without previous notice,! whether the Secretary for Public Works could state when the railway to Picton was likely to be completed ? , Mr. ARNOLD said the contract time wind net expire till JnnenexU He did not think it was probable, however, that it would be completed within that period. Mr. SHEPHERD : Can you say when it will be finished ? Mr. ARNOLD The contractor is the only person who can afford the information. (A laugh.) ""is" VALEDICTORY ADDRESS TO SIR W. DENISON. The SPEAKER reported that previous to the farewell levee of the Governor-General, he hadlareeentedItohi» Excellency the Address agreed to by the House on Friday last and that his Excellency had been pleased to make a , written reply which be (the Speaker) would read. [This document has already been published in our issue of Monday. I IBB SYDNEY GRAMMAR SCHOOL. Mr. PARKES asked the Colonial Secretary, " Whether, in reference to the letter from the Colonial Secretary's Office of August 6th and September 14th respectively, requiring from the Trustees of the Sydney Grammar School a fuller report of the progress of that institution, any such fuller report has been received by the Government; and whether any steps have been taken by the Government in reference to the statement in the letter of the Secretary to the Grammar School, that be had convened meeting, of the trustees on the 7th August, and 4th, 8th, 12th, and 26th September, and that each meeting had lapsed for want of a quorum 2" Mr. COWPER replied that no fuller report had been received, nor had the Government yet taken any steps in reference to the matter. He might add, however, by way of explanation, that during last session there had been an elaborate inquiry into the working and progress of this inttitntiOB by a select committee of the House. That committee, in their report, gave it at their opinion that "the general management of the school by the trustees, and the masters who are conducting it. is efficient, and in every way worthy of public confidence." Under these circumstances, the Government had not considered it necessary to take immediate steps in reference to the Secretary's letter, by adopting any harsh measures to compel the more regular attendance of the trustees. MESSAGE FROM THE ADMINISTRATOR OF THE GOVERNMENT. A message was received from his Excellency Colonel J. F. Kempt, intimating that, consequent on the departure of Sir William Denison, he had on Tuesday assumed the temporary government of the colony, in terms of a commission issued by her Majesty and further requesting the assistance and co-operation of the Legislative Assembly. On the motion of Mr. COWPER, his Excellency's message was ordered to be printed! THE SINGLETON TELEGRAPH. Mr. DICK asked the Secretary for Public Works, " What is the reason of the delay in the completion of the electric telegraph from Singleton to Murrurundi?' Mr. ARNOLD said the Government were not aware that there had been any extraordinary delay with the work in question. The contract time would not expire till August next. It was fully expected it would be finished within the time prescribed. THE REGISTRAR GENERAL'S CLERK. Mr. DICK asked the Colonial Secretary, " Whether the Government are aware that the chief clerk of the Real trar-Oenerat'» office practices as an attorney for his private advantage?" Mr. COWPER, in reply, read a letter from the officer in question (Mr. Jaques] addressed to the Registrar General, wherein he explained that the practice" spoken of was simply the drawing up of game conveyances during his leisure time in the morning and evening-and which in no way trenched upon his office hours or interfered with the due discharge of his duty. INQUEST ON CHARLES HALL Mr. URI VhiR asked the Colonial Secretary Whether It is the intention of the Government to cause any inquiry to be made relative to the conduct of the City Coroner at the inquest held upon the body of Charles Hall. Mr. COWPER said the depositions in this case had only reached the Government last night. They were now under consideration. THE WESTERN RAILWAY. Mr. DRIVER asked the Secretary for Public Works : " Whether it is the intention of the Government to p see any, and what, sum upon the Estimates of the present year for the extension of the Western Railway ? ' Mr. ARNOLD said if the hon. member would refer to the Estimates sent down to the last Parliament, he would find that several! sums were provided to enable the residents of the Western Districts to enjoy the benefit of improved communication. For the line between Penrith and Wellington £525,000 was proposed ; £51,050 for the extension from Blacktown to Windsor and Richmond; £426,000 for extending the Northern line from Mudgee and £150,000 for the line between Mudgee and Wellington ; making in all a total of X U 52,000. ' Mr. CUMMINGS : That's for tramroads-a mere experiment. (Laughter ) LEGAL AND SOCIAL REFORMS. Mr. WALSH asked the Colonial Secretary, "What measures, having for their object legal and social improvements are intended to be introduced by the Government during this session ?" Mr. COWPER replied, that this would depend upon the progress made in carrying those measures of chief importance which the Government had already introduced. If circumstances permitted, the Government were desirous of introducing a bill to amend the Gold-fields Manage- ment Act ; another for dealing with the management of coal fields ; and Act for the care and custody of criminal lunatics ; another for the relief of trustees ; another for the amendment of real property ; a bill to amend the Impounding Act ; another to amend the Publicans' Act; and bills to amend the Insolvent Law, the Customs Act, 1 the Municipalities' Act, and the District Courts Act. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) PUNT ON THE WILLIAMS Mr. W. B ALLEN asked the Secretary for Lands, "Whether the Government will put sum of money on the Estimates for 1861 to put a punt on the Williams River, at Clarence Town ?" , Mr. ROBERTSON laid, at the time the Sitiantes were prepared, this matter was brought under consideration. As, how ever, there was a good ford in the locality. It was not thought necessary that a sum of money should be provided for the purpose of establishing a plant. The provision, if made at all, should be made for 1862. VENTILATION OF COAL MINES. Mr. LEWIS asked the Colonial Secretary,-" 1. Whether a memorial was received by the Government, H November last, from the coal miners of the Hunter River District, relative to the better regulation and ventilation of coal mines in tbiseolany? 2 If so, what steps the Government intend to take in reference thereto ?" Sir. ROBERTSON informed the hon. member that as a JmvnïïrhÎ,nBd been presented, tod it was determined by the Government to bring in a bill for carrying out, in many essential respects, the desire of the memorialists. The bill would be introduced, if Seville, this Benton. r ' a ?A,y?AI)|HG AT RAILWAY STATION. ., away aMWa 35? Secretary for Public Works I. Whether the palisading now in the course of con-. attention at the Sydney Railway Station to see? SS?. formed by contract? 2. By whose instruction are inferior American battens being used, when colonial hardwood can be obtained at the same price? Mr. ARNOLD read the following reply a The materials for the palisading in course of construction at the Sydney Railway Station are supplied by contract The work is being performed by day labour. The posts and rails are of hardwood, and the battens of deal. A considerable number of battens, being of an inferior description have been condemned by the Government inspector. Deals have been used for the purpose because they take less time to prepare, and are not as liable to twist as hardwood and when well painted and not fixed in the ground, they are not thought objection able for the purpose. This class of fencing is invariably constructed of similar materials-viz, hardwood posts and rails, and deal battens. THE GREAT SEAL RESIGNATION OF THE MINISTRY. ?k&M.;°.HBV*'d! Mr.8P«»ker,-Ibeg to lay upon the table of, the He use correspondence which has recently taken place between his Excellency Sir William Denison and myself relative to the Great Seal of the colony being affixed to a grant from the Crown of the sweated hands, of the late John Tawell: and in moving that this correspondence reprinted,! will shortly explain to the Home the oironmktatces under which it has arisen. The question has been a very difficult one for the seven-, meet of this colony to deal with, and has been repeatedly under the consideration of successive governments for, many years at least, for the last twelve years. the been repeatedly referred to the Home Government, and instructions have been repeatedly sent out by the Secretary of State that this deed sue and be given in the way in which it has new been given. However, Sir, without going farther back into the circumstances, I will simply state that the question was brought by his Excellency Sir William Denison before the Executive Council of the colony in February, 1880, and the Executive Council on that occasion passed a minute, dated the 20th February, 1860, in these words . Upon a full and careful consideration of this very complicated case, which is not unfamiliar to them, the greater portion of the papers having been circulated among the members for some time past, the Executive Council experience little hesitation or doubt as to the nature of the advice which they are called upon to offer. In the face of the strongly expressed and reiterated opinion of the present law sneer, that it is not competent for His Excellency the Governor- General to issue was grant of the escheated lands, they feel that they would not be justified in recommending the adoption of that SUD; and that it is their duty to advise that his Excellency should now transmit copies of now opinions to the Secretary of State, with a suggestion that the whole question be referred for the further consideration and final decision of the English Crown Law Officers. His Excellency did, in compliance with that advice, refer the matter finally (as it was understood) to the Home Government, and request explicit instructions in reference to the course be should pursue, and his dispatch was answered by one dated 8th September last, In these words.- , Sir With reference to your despatch, No. 97, of the 1st of' March, relating to the grant to trustees, for the benefit of his widow and child, of certain property in New South Wales belong. leg to the late John Tawell, I am directed by the Secretary of State to transmit to you the copy of a letter from the Treasury in, reply to the communication which was said upon the subject to that Board; and, in accordance with the wish expressed On the Lords Co_n__*»ert, I an to interest you to cause the draft deed of grant which accompanist the lettre, Jr oiling up the class left for the recital of the proceedings under the laquMiios, to be crossed and perfected under the public west of New South Wales, had to be then delivered to the trustees' ' On that reaching his Excellency he (the Governor-Gene- ral) minuted on It, " Instructions to June to the Crown Solicitor in accordance with the directions herein contained " This matter came properly within the province of the hon. the Secretary for Lands, who was at that time or Immediately after absent from Sydney, engaged in his election, and the subject remained even until his return. in conference with him are agreed, after going fairly into the whole of the circumstances, that we could not, give the instruction which his Excellency the Governor-General there intimated his desire should be given to the Crown Solicitor to prepare that deed-and no instructions were given. His Excellency repeatedly pressed the subject upon the consideration of myself particularly. He had been in communication with me on the matter, and I reiterated the difficulties which are more fully expressed in this correspondence, which I had better now, perhaps, beg to read, as it is a matter of some interest in the present position of affairs. The question was postponed to the 10th of the present mouth, when I received from his Excellency a note, of which the following is a copy : Govtraaasat Hands, 10th January, last. My dear Cowper's wish to have the copy of the head of grant eat out by the Secretary of State as a guide to us law officers, M brutes form of dead totaetroato« of Mr. Tawell is on cerned. I also want the copy of the inundation by which the Crown's title to this particular line was ascertained. Yours truly, W. DEMISE. In accordance with that requisition of course these documents were forwarded to his Excellency. On the 14th, I received the following note. In the meantime I apprehend Mr. Billyard, the solicitor of the trustees, was employed to prepare the deed. I imagine so because his Excellency wrote to me in these words Government Boase, 14th January, 1861. My dear Cowper's have received the accompanying deed of grant from Mr. Billyard, the attorney of the trustees of Mrs. Tawell, and having compared it with the draft sent out by the law officers in Engand, and with the descriptions given in the inquiries, I find it to M correct and in accordance, therefore, with the instructions I have received from the Secretary of State, I have signed it, and now send it to you in order that it may have the Great Seal attached to it, after which I will deliver it to the attorney of the trn*te«s,Bnd inna get rid of a very disagreeable matter which has been long pending. Yours truly, W. DufltOV. Finding matters were coming into a rather serious position, the whole of the papers were reviewed and the subject very carefully and fully considered. A little delay took place, therefore, to my sending a written reply to his Excellency, and while my letter (I believe) was on the road to his Excellency, I received this note, dated the 17th January, on the subject Government House, 17th January, 1861. My dear Cowper Will you send back the grant to Tawell's trustees with the seal attached to it I want to put my Initial to an erasure which I perceived in it, and to hand it over to the attorney for the trustees before I go : let me have it therefore at once for I have also to write a despatch to the Secretary of State on the subject. Yours truly, W. Dasieox. My answer, however, to this preceding note was in these words : 16th January, 1861. My dear Sir William,-Your Excellency's note of the day before yesterday, together with the deed which accompanied) it, have been delivered to me by Mr. Merewether. [I may state that Mr. Merewether delivered to me his Excellency's note in person, and stated that he was requested to deliver it personally ] Tothatdeed your Excellency desires me to have the Great Seal of the Colony affixed, in order that the intimations of the Secretary of State may be carried out, and a grant be issued to the attorney of the trotter of Mr. Tawell, the widow of the late John Tawell, whoM property became escheated to the Crown upon his conviction in England, in the year 1815. for felony. It is with unfeigned regret that I have arrived at the conclusion, that I ought not to be a party in any way to the completion of this document. The transactions to which it has reference have formed the subject of very lengthened and elaborate correspondence between the Imperial and Colonial Governments and upon every occasion the law officers of the colonial Government have maintained that the course which the law advisers of the Imperial Government have recommended, would be contrary to all colonial precedent and practice, illegal, and unjust In a letter dated the 1st November, 1851, to the Colonial Secretary, the then Attorney and Solicitor General, Mr. Plunkett and Mr. (now Sir W. M.I Manning, thus stated the facts : On the 31st January, 1845, and prior, therefore, to the conviction of John Tawell, his real and personal property in New South Wales was conveyed by him to Henry. W. Tawell and W. Bevan, in trust, to sell, if they should think fit, and to apply the proceeds for the benefit of his wife and son, and certain other persons. On the 30th December, 1847, John Tawell's real and personal estate in England. and his chattel property in New South Wales, were by the Queen's Warrant, granted to the same trustees upon the trusts of the above deed, and, from the terms of the warrant: (which refers to the abovementioned conveyance of the 31st January, 1845, without impugning li) as well as from the correspondence with, and despatches to? the Secretary of State, it is evident that her Majesty entirely waived her claim by escheat to the real property in New South Wales, and that the same was to be granted for the benefit of the widow and son of Tawell, as soon as the Crown's title to it should have been found by inquisition held in the colony. On the 26th January, 1838, Messrs. W. Tawell and William Bevan executed and sent out a power-of-attorney, which is now before us, and of which the enclosed copy has been furnished to us, by which, after reciting the conveyance of 31st January, 1845, they appointed Messrs. Norton and G. C. Turner their attorneys, and fully empowered them, jointly and severally, for them the said W. Tawell and W Bevan in their names or in the names of their said attorneys, or either of them, to sell and dispose of the lands in question "If the said attorneys, or either of them, should think expedient," and to receive and give receipts for the purchase moneys, " and in the names of the said W. Tawell and W. Bevan and as their acts and deeds, to make, sign, seal, execute and deliver all such releases and discharges as should, or might, be necessary for effectually releasing, conveying, and assuring such lands unto the purchaser or purchasers thereof." An inquisition having been held in the colony by which the title of the Crown to the lands in question was found, Mr. Turner made sales of those lands to various persons (by public auction we believe) under the authority of the above power of attorney. He aubte quently received the purchase mossy, and extended conveyances of these lands, and covenants to endeavour to procure deeds of grant in the names of W. Bevan and W. Tawell. These acts were strictly within Mr. Turner's Powers as a several attorney of these trustee?. After the sales, applications were made to the Colonial Government for deeds of grant in favour of the purchasers, and It is probable that they would have been issued accordingly in 1869, but for a difficulty which had occurred to ourselves in reference to another case of escheat, as to the sufficiency of the terms of the Governor's commission. It would now seem that, although some portions of the purchase moneys were remitted to Messrs W. Powell and W. Bevan, other portions were not so remitted but have been or are supposed to be lost, through Mr. Turner's reputed insolvency aoJ emigration to California and, on this ground, Messrs. Lawes and Bevan seek to repudiate the actings of Mr. Turner on their behalf, and to give effect to each reputation by obtaining grants from the Crown to themselves. It is, we need not say, greatly to be lamented that the widow and son of the deceased Tawell should suffer through the mis- placed confidence reposed d }u Mr. Turner, but it appears to us, that according to every principle of equity, it is right that as the loss must unfortunately fall somewhere, it should be borne by them rather than by equally innocent purchasers, who had nothing to do with the selection of, nor any control over, the agent, who was regularly employed on their behalf. According also to well known principles of the English Courts of Justice, we think it plain that if Messrs. Tawell and Bevan were now to obtain a legal title to these lands, by means of a grant from the Crown, they would be stopped in law from setting K up, in derogation of deeds which are legally as much theirs as if they had executed them in person, and that in equity, they would be compellable to convey to their tenders mc estate acquired from the Crown. It must be admired, insisted, that, us the Crown has not yet formally riiwB'i d itself of its absolute power of disposing of the property as it may think fit, the application of these principles of law and equity Blight be avoided, by changing the trustees or the trusts with that view , but of course the Crown would not lend itself to such a scheme. Having thus brought the facts of the case, as far as they are known to us, under the notice of the Gjrertior-G»ncral, we have now In conclusion to state, most respectfully, that in our judgment his FNcdlencj ought not to issue the proposed grant 5 to Messrs W Powell and W Bevan, but that the whole matter should be laid again before the Secretary of State, together with the counter applications made by the nu eral purchasers. Subsequently, on the 14th September, 1854, referring; to letters which had passed between the Colonial Secretary and the law others [I may state in explanation that they were the same law officers, Mr. Manning and Mr. Plunkett], they again entered into a very full statement of the whole subject, and concluded that i coooun'«"ion with the following words : us a v e strong opinion we entertain in favour of the claims of the purchasers, we do not think it would be right to leave them '.. _^I»_BppcS!d remedy In Equity, against Mr. Taweu'a trustees T!3£}fS:»E?m, If a, proceeding to Equity could be made S3îîve_?*.ff<!01-» on either side, it should; in our opinion, be 25? t_?_*V° assure their repudiation of the Me of their again? last? "year to maintain doubts, founded upon ¿_«ît__T1l_S^2__:,fJ!?î__»rtoe__li_ro,Uie »^r«_«*er»eo_ia of estsvUshed M against the proposed Grown Grants, u any SHOD. I mode of deciding the rights of the, party is to be Rattew, t we think it should be by en morning preceding the DOOR of the rector apology for having ventured to troobleyro at M very unusual a length upon ttasmatter. fruit be our humble his. firm conviction that the Crown would be misled into an act of clear, justice if mo Brands were not a stone to dairy cows destroy us, and that we feel that the benefit of the local Goreraaioni has, also M'ttococftberepreaeut Five of Mrs. I dwell and ntr indirect, become pledged to the at' wee ailments Again, on the 11th February, 18; , after farther time for ora federation, and in reply to another communication from the Colonial Secretary, they informed the Government that they still retain to the full extent the firm conviction expressed in a former letter, and which I have just quoted, and they respectfully requested to be relieved from the position of apparent require peace and adoption In which they should place themselves a I they were to give instructions to give instructions to the Civil Crown Solicitor " le prepare a deed of grant or the property. The case was, during my former tenure of office, repeatedly under the consideration of my colleagues and myself, and we have never varied in the view taken by, Wat view being entirely in accordance with the sentiments of the co onial law offices, as stated in the letters of November, 1854, September, 1854 and February, 1858. From his delicate and complicated character, however, and from the pressure of other matters constantly conferring with the introduction of responsible government, no action was taken by us, but by the Ministry which succeeded the subject was brought before the then Crown law Officers for advice. Those gentlemen, Mr. Wise, the then Attorney-General, and now one of the Judges of the Supreme Court, and Mr. Hargrave then Solicitor-General, and nov attorney General, in very carefully drawn opinions, expressed their agreement in the law and equity of the race M originally given, and maintained through a series of years, by Mr. Plunkett and Sir William Manning They also call attention toanotherpolutof considerable importance, and state their opinion, that, on the ground * therein fully given, a grant of this escheated land would not be within the power, possessed by his Excellency according to the law in force within the colony." They assert that the Constitution so does not give bins such powers, and that they are not aware of any power vested in the Governor of the colony by Common or statute law witton would enable his Excellency to make grants of behests. In reply to a suggestion in your Excellency's Minute of February, 1854), that the opinion should be referred back to the law Moons, with directions to consider and report upon the mode in which the instructions transmitted by her Majesty may be carried into effect, so as to give to UM person who purchased the land from the attorneys of the trustees an opportunity of applying to a Court of Equity to compel the trustees to foll the engagement entered into by their attorney, to give to the par chaser at public auction a good title to the land so purchased, they state that " they consider the question for their consideration is not whether the Queen can give instructions, but whether the existing documents, when interpreted by fixed rules of legal eonsuMlion and applied to the take of the east, have clothed the Governor-General with a legal power to grant the moment in station and they adhere to their previously expressed opinion, that your Excellency does. not possess such legal power," and upon being requested by your cseoUaasyto reconsider the subject, they also state that the are dearly of opinion that, " as the matter now stands, nothing can be done by your Excellency to grant the lands to any one." I would respectfully submit to your Excellency that the pre- test position of the ease 16 said. A dead, purporting to be a grant from the Crown, of lands in the colony of New South Wales, has been prepared by a private practitioner without having passed through any Government department, or having been verified in in detail, by any of those officers of the Government through whose hands grant of land invariably pass. It is pro- noted to be issued by year Excellency upon the authority sImply ofiaattuattos» frost her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Colonies. IiMptotfullyeubmit.thatlf such proceedings were to be in any way aided by the colonial authorities, it would be tantamount to an admission that grants of land in New South Wales may be made by direction of the Secretary of State for the Colonies, not only irrespective of the colonial Government, bat in direct Opposition to the reiterated protests of the Crown Law Officers of recreative Governement during a long series of years. It is with great detonate and respect that I now submit for the coBJidtrtUpn of road Excellency my views upon this very important matter, involving as it does, in tay smale Judgment, the relative rights of the Imperial and colonial authorities, I assure your EsstUsney that I deeply regret that raab a question should havearimatthepramt moment. Nothing but the strictest areas of what is due to the office which I have the honour to hold, and the trust reposed is me, would have induced me to raise it at a time when many questions of great moment taut be claiming your Excellency's anxious consideration. I beg to remain, here. CauaLxs Cowrie. To that letter I received this reply Government House, Sydney, 17th January, 1881. My Dear Cowper The whole of the reels relating to the land belonging to Tawell, and escheated to the Crown, have been so thoroughly discussed, that it is altogether unnecessary for me to enter upon the question again. I would simply observe that the law office of the Crown who have reported upon the case, appear to have learned to themselves the power of deciding upon a matter which ought to be brought before a proper legal tribunal, and that the only mode in which this can properly be done, is by the rain of a grant to the trustees agaiBitiwhom the purchasers, under the powtr-of-attor ney given to Turner, could institute a suit in Equity in order to compel them to fulfil the covenant entered into at the sale as to the completion of the title of the purchasers. You say that the law officers of the Crown have been unanimous in their opinion on this case ; I may observe, that the same unanimity has prevailed among the law officers in England, and I most confess that I am more inclined to adopt the opinion of the latter than of the former. As this, however, is betide the cue. I, having received specific and reiterated instructions on the part of her Majesty to cause a deed to be prepared according to a certain form, to which deed I am also directed to cause the great seal of the colony to be attached, shall not be justified, if upon the mere opinion, of the law officers here, (an opinion contracted by my own reading of the case, and at variance with that of the most experienced lawyers in England,) I should refuse to comply with these instructions. I am bound, therefore, to insist that the great seal of the colony, which by my commission is entrusted to my charge, should be affixed to the document which has been prepared in accordance with the form and directions seat from England. I have, however, no wish to make your refusal to affix this Seal a ground for disturbing the present political arrangements. The case is an exceptional one, and can never occur again. I shall not, therefore, unless actually compelled to do so attempt to dis- turb your issue of the office of Colonial Secretary, but shall come down to your office and there affix the Great Seal to the Deed in question. In this way it appears to me that I shall comply with the Queen's instructions, and at the same time leave the police organisation of the Government under urged. Believe me, yours very truly, W. Dai ISON. Well, Sir, the question of course was then raised-it had been raised before, but it was then pointedly raised as to what are his Excellency's instructions with reference to the great seal, and what the powers prescribed by the Government with reference to that instrument ? Perhaps, it will be convenient if I here quote the terms of his ex- cellency's commission -" Now, we do, by virtue of the powers in me vested, hereby require and command, that you do take especial care that, in making and passing such laws, with the advice and content of the said Legislative Council and Legislative Assembly, the provisions, regulations, restrictions, and directions contained in the said Acts of Parliament, and also (his Excellency relied upon this expression) in the instructions given to yon herewith, or in such further instruction at able! at any time hereafter be issued to you under our royal sign manual and signet in that behalf be strictly complied with." It also states " And we do hereby authorize and empower you, the said Sir William Thomas Denison, to keep and use the great test of our said colony, for sealing all things whatsoever that shall pass the great seal of our said colony." His Excellency is directed to perform those acts, with the advice of the executive Council, but there are some exceptions. I allude to the 12th dance And it is our further will and pleasure, and we do hereby command you, that in the execution or the several powers and authorities granted and committed to you by our side commission and these our instructions, or by any additional instructions hereafter to be given to you by us, you do in all things consult and advise with our said Executive Council, and that you do not exercise the powers and authorities aforesaid, or any of them, except by and with the concurrence and advice of our said Council, save and except only in such cases as are hereinafter saved and excepted Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent your exercising without the advice and consent of our said Council, the great powers and author title, or any of them, which may be of so urgent and pressing a nature as not to admit of the delay unavoidably incident to the deliberations of our said yourself. It is, nevertheless, our pleasure that the measures adopted by you without the advice of our said Council upon any such emergency, shall, with all convenient speed, be by you brought before our said Council for their revision and varieties Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall prevent your exercising the several powers and authorities aforesaid, or any of them, without the advice and concurrence of our said Council in any case or upon any occasion which may not appear to you to be sufficiently Important to require their assistance and advice, or which may be of such a nature that in your judgment our service would sustain material prejudice by consulting our said Council thereupon. The Attorney-General was of opinion that unquestionably the power to keep and use the great seal was with his Excellency that by those instructions he had the power to use it, but at it had always been in the custody of the Colonial Secretary, at we found from reference to constitutional practice at home that the great deal was under ordinary circumstances generally used by the advice of the Privy Council, and as we felt that there was no sufficient ground to place as within the exceptions here stated, The conceived that we ought not to consent to the use of the seal Under these particular circumstances. But it appeared to be quite clear that his Kioallenoy demanded the deal, and that the Ministry had no power to release it I, however, waited upon his Excellency-Mr. Merewether I having delivered to me this letter of the 17th, sud stated that he would call in the morning, on his way to Government House, and receive from me any communication I might have to make with reference to this intimate un of his Excellency that he and came down to the office of the colonial secretary to affix the great seal to the document in question, During that conference with his Bx cellency 1 stated that I would wait upon him the next day, | and urge what I had to say further upon the matter 1 I did wait upon him at Government House, and I then stated my objections to the course proposed at greater length. His excellency kindly went ever the papers and reiterated his view before expressed, but at the same time requested that I would give him a written reply, said he would then further consider what his course should be, as the whole matter would have to be referred to the score tar of Slate I suggested that perhaps the matter might be referred to the Court of Claims, and left it to the cost sideration of his excellency The following day was the Saturday, when his Excellently had him levee, and we were all engaged with the rest less and other matters and it was Monday morning before I was able to send his Excellency this reply - J My ('dear Sir vMlliatn.-Kefei ring to the interview wîraSrlùoh your Excellency honoured me on Friday, I now beg respectfully to state my views of my colleagues and myself upon your communication of the 10th instant. * vUu,.uU Your Excellency intimates that the question regarding the escheated lands of the late John Hawaii has been so thoroughly disgusted that you consider it unnecessary to open it here And you announce your in mention of coming down to the Colonial Secretary's'. Office and personally affixing the great seal of the colony to the proposed deed of grant My colleagues and myself have taken into our anxious consideration the position in which such a course of proceeding would Pw?,tbe.í,{l5,í7' ""assess r«ootanüyi«iTedat ration. .lualpnjthat so long as we remain your Excellency's advisers? we should be unable to divest ourselves of the responmimtioftil» ," W»l"«»_yappr««»a_»» the expression of event Eaoelleo«* its entire lack the oolitic org»T>i»_tk_ of the epvemssmt should not e Marred, and. bearing. in mind Theocritus, embargo _entw_cb,moree*pMi¡ally states pr«_»l)ju«iute of public affairs, Would arise from a resignation of the Ministry, we feel i tUt it would be ¡tennttocrit with a dry sense of the response-, hills properly, attaching to us, that we should continue to hold, office during the performance of an act of which we cannot but wholly disapprove, all which it is proposed, to carry on: by so I ' internal sq Exercise of power, ... - .... The proposal which I submitted for your Excel- leaves consideration. that the case should be referred back to the Court of Claims still appears to me as the least objectionable course open for adoption. To that tribunal It was omitted, and' I am not able tolearntbttltwa« ever formally withdrawn therefrom. And It may not be out of place for me to accompany this communication with a memorandum which has been prepared by the Pan cipal Under Secretary to the Government, a.fentlemanof long. official experience, giving a history of the origin and consults-. ton of that court, and of the functions with which it is clothed. I remain, c, CBAIXM COWPER. It is perhaps not necessary that I should read this memo-: random. It had no weight with his Excellency, and I received two or three hours afterwards the following com- pulsations- . - ,..'. Government House, 21st January 1861. MY DEAR COWMB,-The course suggested by you in your letter is not in any way applicant to the matter in hand, inasmuch as the land escheated to the Crown, on the execution pr Tawell, ior_idp_tofoldgra__tooolODist»,of the title to which there was no oBSsttoa in point of fact, the land in question is now the property of the Crown, and it tain order to bring it under the operation of the law that I sent, as directed by her Majesty, the grant to the trustees of Mrs. Tawell. ., . . , I think you have decided unwisely, both in refusing to comply, with my directions to affix the great seal to the deed in question, as in so doing you act only in a ministerial capacity, and assume no responsibility, and are be making an act of mine, performed in «o_wqu«aes of positive orders from her shapely, a notes for resigning yow political position.. Whatever ; course, however, you may decide to adopt, my duty is very clear, and that is to execute the deed directed. In order, then, that I may do so, I must request that you deliver the great feat to my privateiesntary, Mr. M«rewe__r, who will call for it, and who will return it to the office of the Colonial Secretary as soon as I have attached _e seal to the Feed. I cannot trot hope that you will think better of the course to be adopted by you. Your resignation, at the present instant, can only be productive of delay in carrying out the political arrange- : merits of the session ; it cannot change or alter them; -. ' ... Believe me, it;. s's.". W. DENISON. Before replying to this communication I requested the advice of my colleagues, and (daring the time we felt it convenient to keep the private secretary) was under the advice of the Attorney-General, decided that we had no power to refuse the demand of his Excellency to give him the seal. I sent the deal with this communication, dated the same day:-. . . 31st January, 1881. My dear Sir William,-The communication which I have just received from your -Excellency leaves me no other draws to pursue but to under my resignation u Colonial Secretary. In giving up the great seal of the colony, in obedience to your ? Executers coa minds, for the purpose indicated, I feel that your BxesUeney calls upon case at the same time to give up my office. My colleagues wish me to state that they concur in this view, and they beg also to under their resignations to your Excellency. Ursula, 1 Chains CowFBB. The private secretary got the seal, and went be Government Boase with it, and during the afternoon of the same day I received this communication from his Excellency : i Government House, Silt January, 1861. P My dear Cowper's return the Great Seal, after having perfected the grant to the stories of Mrs. Taw»_ Having entire roadway in your political administation of the colony, of season accept the resignation of yourself and your colleagues, and I trust you will act be to ill-advised as to mix up a statue of a character eaaladvaiy private with the general questions of interest to the colony which are now passing ; the only asset of which would be to change your MaUnistrstion, sad diminish year atarfalaeat. Bell's me, yours very truly, W. Dxxisoir. Well, Sir, the next day Sir W. Denison left the colony, and I had no further communication with him beyond taking leave of him. It is only due to his Excellency to state, however we may differ from him, that we give him the greatest credit for having noted solely from feelings of loyally to his Sovereign and a chivalrous regard to his successor. I believe he was determined that this matter should be settled. He felt that he was bound to obey the orders of the Secretary of State, or of her Majesty through the Secretary of State, and also that he ought not to leave A question which had been for many years subject to dispute to be handed over to his successor. We believe, from what we could understand of his Excellency, those were the motives which actuated him. While we felt that we were bound to take the course we pursued, we were of opinion that his Excellency, took the course which he thought right under the circumstances, and regretted that, after having had for several years < intercourse uninterrupted by any event which had affected j the harmonious working of the government, just at the ' last moment this event should have occurred. His Excellency bed on all occasions treated me with great courtesy and confidence and it was clear to us on this occasion that be entertained a strong conviction that he was doing his duty. I can only now move that the correspondence be printed. I would, however, throw out a suggestion that some coarse should be taken in reference to the particular question involved in the custody of the Great Seal, in order that it may be considered how far under responsible government a Secretary of State can order a Governor of the colony to ace. in the way in which Sir William Denison felt he was bound to act in this particular case. I think it will be a matter for serious consideration whether some stone ought not to be taken with a view to address her Majesty, in order that there may be some modification of the instructions under which the custody of the Great Seal is regulated, and with a view to the Government having some control over that in strument such a control as would be constitutional-and at all events prevent the possibility of a Secretary of State ordering the Governor of this colony to affix that instru- ment to any deed which he may think right to direct the Governor of the colony to Six it. I have now to move that these papers be printed. Ordered to be primed. SUPPLEMENTARY ESTIMATES FOR 1860, Mr. WEEKES moved " That the House do now resolve itself into Committee of Supply, for the consideration of the Governor-General's Message, No. 3, with the accompanying memorandum, and the Estimates of expenditure for 18(in 61." The hon. member explained that owing to the pressing business of closing the accounts at the end of the year he was not yet prepared to submit the financial statement, but thought he should be able to do soon Wednesday next. His object in now moving the House into committee was to have re-voted the Supplementary Estimates voted by the last Parliament, and such portion of the Estimates-in-chief so had also been already voted by Parliament. Mr. MORIARTY, after enquiring what time the business of the committee would occupy, said he thought it desirable that the committee should be instructed by the House not to enter upon any new business after eleven o'clock at night on any day during the week. Mr. WEEKES assured the hon. member that the business would not occupy the committee any great length of time. The motion having been pot and agreed to, the House resolved itself into committee. Mr. WEEKES submitted the Supplementary Estimates for 1860.61 as voted by the late Assembly It was neces \ sary that these amounts should be vested again, but it was not the practice under such circumstances to consider them in detail. He proposed that the sum of £56,83419« 8 be now granted in lieu of grants made in committee last session for the public services and establishments of the year 1860. Mr. DICKSON questioned whether the last item of ; £382 under the head of miscellaneous items in the Public Works department was passed by the previous Parliament ; there was NO notice to that effect upon the records of the House. Mr. WEEKES explained that as it was passed without division it would not appear upon the records; Mr. HAY desired to know whether the Colonial Treasurer intended to pursue the name course with regard to the Estimates-in-chief for 1861; as he now proposed to take with regard to the Supplementary Estimates for Mr. WEEKES said it was not his intention to do so with regard to the Estimates-in-chief for 1850; busts afford an opportunity of dealing with them in detail, Mr. ROTTON drew attention to the expenditure of £17,000 for roads and bridges communicating with the Kiandra gold-fields. He questioned the propriety of ex- pending so large an amount upon a gold-field which from i almost general report, appeared not likely to be a perms ; nent character.' He contrasted this amount with the small expenditure upon the roads to the permanent goldfields in the Western districts Mr ROBERTSON explained that this expenditure had been urged upon the Government by nearly every member of the late Parliament, and after It was voted they had nothing to do but expend the money. The roads in the Western district were exceedingly good, with the exception of that from Tuena to Bathurst. He trusted that the hon. member would withdraw his objections to the item. Mr. CUMMINGS regretted that the Government had not been firmer in opposing the extravagance of this expenditure upon Kiandra, and that they had been so oom plant to the requests of the southern members. As they had however, now fallen into an error that had become apparent, be hoped they would discontinue this enormous expenditure, and not let Kiandra swallow up £i7,OjOor £18,000, whilst playing and permanent gold- fields in tender parts of' the country were completely neglected. Mr. WILSON deprecated this localism. There had been raised by the sale of land and from other sources in this district of Kiandra as much revenue as would meet the whole expenditure upon the roads. Kiandra was not a failure ; he believed it would yet become a very important, gold-field, and repay every shilling of the public outlay upon it. Mr. REDMAN thought the expenditure of this money ought not to be condemned, because at the time it was vested with almost a general voice as necessary to provide I for-the wants of this locality. He spoke very favourably of the improved condition of the roads. Mr. DA-GIJEISH referred to the item of £85 for law expenses in the case " Smith v. Crook." This appeared to have been h private action, yet it was paid for out of the public funds. Although the amount was small, a question of some importance was Involved. Mr. WEEKES replied that the Government had been satisfied a dear case was made out that the Harbour Master had acted bona-fide and in the simple discharge of C's duty and that under this circumstance it was their duty to protect him. The notion was put and tried to. Toe Hoi«»er««nmed,'progrese was reported, and leave \- obtained to sit again on Wednesday? next. CROWN LANDS OCCUPATION BILL OF 1861 SECOND READING. 1 Mr. ROBERTSON said when he gave notice in this case, he was under the impression that it would come on after the Crown Lands' Alienation Bill, but he found that by some mistake the Alienation Bill stood for to-morrow. while the Occupation Bill stood for to-day. He apprehended that by going on with the Occupation Bill to-day, it would cause great inconvenience to hon. mow bars as well as to himself, because he had prepared hit arrangements for going on with the Land Bill. However, he dare say he should be able before he sat down to justify the House in expressing their opinion on the Crown Lands Occupation Bill. In intimating his willingness to take up the matter as it now stood OR the paper, he desired to state that should the bill obtain a second reading to-day, and the Alienation Bill to-morrow, be would so arrange their going into committee that the Alienation Bill should take precedence in com rsittee, to that the only inconvenience that could follow the change of position of the bills on the paper was an inconvenience to himself, and could not embarrass hon. members, because the bills had been in the votes for some days. Mr. MORRIS said he had noticed that the hon member had placed the Occupation Bill Ant on the paper, and he thought at the time it was done inadvertently, although some hon. members believed It was a manoeuvre. He asked the honorable member the other day whether he intended to go on with the Occupation Bill first, and he said he did not. He therefore trusted he would postpone the second reading. Besides, he was not prepared to go on with the discussion as he had left his papers behind him. Mr. ROBERTSON said he thought it would be a more regular course that the Alienation Bill should be dealt with first. He begged therefore to stove that the order of the day stand an order of the day for to-morrow. The motion was put and carried. WAHGUNYAH BRIDGE. Mr. HAY rose to move for leave to bring in a bill to incorporate a company to be called the Wahgunyah Bridge Company, and to enable the said company to erect and maintain a bridge over the Murray River, at Wahgunyah. Before reading the motion he thought it right to state that there was a certain irregularity in the way in which this bill appeared before the Home, but be hoped it would not be fatal to the bill, because it would cause great inconvenience to the parties who were engaged in constructing a bridge over the Murray River at Wahgunyah. Owing; to the great distance this place was treated from Sydney, it had been impossible to present another petition to the Parliament. A petition, however, had been presented to the last Parliament, and all the formalities were completed and the money paid into the hands of the clerk. He, therefore, trusted it would not be deemed necessary that another petition should be presented. If it were necessary, it would delay the construction of this work for a consider. able time, and it might prevent its being carried out alias gether, became this was the second Parliament in which an attempt was made to get this Act passed to that a delay of more than twelve months had occurred in cones quence of their ihorMiytd Parliaments. The SPEAKER thought another petition would be necessary, because the petition had been presented more than thirty days ago. After earns detention, Mr. HAY withdrew his motion and intimated his intention to more for the intention of the Standing Orders, in order that he might introduce the bill MOTION WITHDRAWN. Mr. HAY withdrew his motion for leave to bring in a bill to incorporate a company to be called the DeoiUqsin Bridge Company, and to enable the said company to erect and maintain a bridge over the Edward River at Deniliquin. MR. A. BERRY. i Mr. MORRIS moved,-" 1. That the petition of Alexander Berry, Esq., presented to the House on the 18th instant, praying for leave to be represented by counsel and attorney, before the select committee appointed to inquire into and report upon the said Alexander Barry's petition, presented in the law Assembly in September, 1859, in relation to the formation of the Shoalhaven Mun Moe! I ty, be printed and referred to the said com- , mittee.' 2. That the petitioner have leave to appear and be heard before such committee by detonated and attorney if he shall think fit ;" and said that the motion having been agreed to by the lett Parliament, it was not necessary for him to take up the time of the House by discussing it, especially as he had learnt that it was not the intention of the chairman of the committee to offer any opposition to it. Mr. T. GARRETT suggested that the same privilege, ought to be extended to the other parties interested in this question, and moved an amendment to that effect. The SPEAKER ruled that this, being in the nature of a substantial motion, could only be put on notice. The Question was put and carried. MR. KENTISH. Mr. DICK moved,-" I, That a select committee, with power to lend for persons and papers, be appointed to enquire into, and report upon the petition of Mr. N. L Kentish, presented to the late Attemnly on the 3rd May, 1860; 2, That such committee consist of Mr. Daniel, Mr. Lord, Mr. Parkes, Mr. Weekes, air. Hay, Mr. Macleay, Mr. Stewart, Mr. Markham, Mr. Walsh, and the mover ;" and, in to doing very briefly stated the circumstances of the case, mentioning that a committee had been appointed to enquire into it last season, when some evidence had been taken, but, owing to the dissolution, the enquiry had not been concluded. Question put and carried. Mr. DICK then moved,-" That the proceedings of, and minutes of late evidence taken before the select committee of the last session of the late Parliament, appointed to enquire into, and report noon, the petition of Mr. N. L. Kentish, be laid upon the table of this House, with a view to being referred to the committee this day appointed for a similar purpose," ' Question put and carried. I PRISON DISCIPLINE. Mr. PARKES moved-" 1. That a select committee be appointed, with authority to send for persons and papers, to inquire into and report upon the state and management of the public prisons in the city of Sydney and county of Cumberland. 2. That such committee consist of Mr. Cowper, Mr. Hart, Mr. Morris, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Windeyer, He. Lucas, Mr. Walsh, Mr. Sutherland, Mr. Mate and the mover." He laid that this committee had been appointed late last session, but had never met prior to the 1 dissolution of the late Home. There was no alteration made in the resolution appointing the committee from that which had been carried last session, except only to fill up the blanks caused in the list of names by hon. members losing their seats with the names of those hon. gentlemen who had been newly elected. His object in the present inquiry was to ascertain what was the real state of our prison discipline, and what the state of those persons assigned more particularly to reformatory pur- possess. The only penal establishments of that kind that the colony had were those situated in the county of Cumberland, and for that reason it was that he had confined his, motion, to the prisons in that county, at to extend the inquiry into the management of the prisons of a secondary class-SUCH, for instance, as those recently erected would only encumber proceedings of the nature which be at present contemplated. He had had occasion, when moving for the committee in the last Assembly, to dilate on the question, and having done to then, he did not now desire to detain the House by repast ing there observation!. He should consequently content. himself with moving the appointment of this committee. Mr. COWPER entirely concurred with the object of the honorable member. The question was one of arnott in- donating character to form the subject of inquiry, and he should be only too happy to co-operate with the honorable, member, and at far at in his power lay, to assist him to improve the prison discipline of the colony. The question was put and carried. CHURCH AND SCHOOL LANDS. Mr. WILSON rose to move for leave to bring in a bill to remove any doubt that may exist at to the so-called Church and School Lands being Waste Lands of the Crown. He said that a committee had been appointed in, 1859 to inquire into thUmbjeet, They had done so, and after taking evidence had reported that from the evidence before them there was no doubt but that these so-called Church and School Lands were simply waste lands of the Crown, They further recommended that a bill would be brought in by the Government definitely, declaring them, to be to. bring the last session, after enquiring of the Government whether it was their intention to bring in such a bill, and receiving an answer in the negative, hen had made a similar motion to the present, had carried it and had brought in his bill), but had been unable to carry; is one owing to the dissolution. He had some days back; asked the Government if they were prepared to bring in this bill, and having been answered in the negative, he had now taken the ant step towards bringing in the bill himself. It seemed to him to be all the more necessary just now to pass this bill, because already great confusion existed in respect to these lands, and in a short time, when permission would be given to go upon, and select land, the difficulties would be very greatly increased There could be no doubt about these being waste lands, and the only reason why they had not been taken up and occupied as such was that the Government would not hitherto allow them to be surveyed. This would soon' be no prevention, and therefore the sooner all difficulty was removed the better. Mr. LUCAS seconded the motion. Mr. ROBERTSON concurred very much in opinion with the hon. mover on this matter. He believed that these lands should be declared to be waste lands of the Crown. At the same time he desired to say that this was" not the opinion of the Government, for the members of the Government differed on this question. He therefore only gave his own private opinion, and that was that this was a very proper bill to introduce. But. the question whether now was the proper time to bring it in was another thing, and he was of opinion that this was not the right time. In dealing with the public land of the colony the House would find that they had quite enough to do for one session in passing the bills now before the House, without going beyond them, < Swty attempt heretofore made to pass a land bill had failed through persons being anxious to carry out their own private views upon mere minor points, that causing them to to lose sight of the main principles of the average. This matter alto was likely to act in the same way. because a large number of persons held, and conscientiously bald, the opinion that the land, belonged to the chamber, and consequently would vote against say general road law which recognised any opposite view. And, after all, what would the, hon. member gain by taking that course of action, which, if it had come from any other quarter than that it did, he would have been inclined to regard as an insidious attempt to prevent the Land Bill from being dealt with. Coming from where it did, he could not for a moment entertain any thought of the kind. The hon. member must have known that, in the present position of the public affairs of the colony, it was imperative that there should be two sessions during this year. This being, the case, he (Mr. Robertson) would ask the hon. member ' whether it was not more advisable to postpone this matter, and allow the general land law to be passed this session. The present was a most inopportune period for introducing such a bill ; it would, in all likelihood, if passed, have the effect of preventing the passing of the Land Bill, and on this account he should consider it his duty to vote against it. He hoped the honorable member would not force him to this length, but that he would see the advisability of postponing his bill at all events until it was seen what the Government intended to do. On an ordinary occasion, he (Mr. Robertson) should not object to the introduction of such a measure ; but this was an extraordinary occasion, and at it would very materially affect the Land Bill, he could not agree with the proposal of the hon. mover. He questioned indeed, whether he should he proposed to support many portions of the present Land Bill if this new element were thrown In in the way proposed. He should vote against the motion. Mr. PIDDINGTON thought the hon. Secretary for Lands had failed to show that any connection existed between the general land law and the provisions of this bill. (Hear. hear). It was very well known that these lands were set aside originally to maintain the shoals of one particular religious denomination (hear, hear) although the exclusive privilege was afterwards so far extended that four denominations now partook of the as pittance thus furnished. In what way this proposed bill could interfere with the progress of the Land Bill he (Mr. Piddington) was at a loss to imagine. Mr. ROBERTSON would tell the honorable member low. 'the House would be legislating for waste lands, not knowing what the waste lands of the colony are By trades, it was not known that this bill would pass the Upper House, and thus a great obstacle would be thrown in the tray of the Land Bill. Mr. PIDDINGTON believed the honorable gentleman's objection was not very clear ; the same objection, as re boarded the Upper House, would apply to the Land Bill itself. (Hear, hear.) Why should the House not deal with this bill? It was a matter which had been standing unsettled for many years past. A large portion of land had been set aside in Canada under somewhat similar circumstances, I about fifty years ago, but within the last few years the control of the public lands there had been given up by the Imperial Government, and the reserves had since been resumed and secularised by the colonial authorities. He saw no reason why a similar course should not be pursued here, more especially at we now enjoyed the advantages of possessing a reforming Government and a House containing so large a proportion of liberal members. A select committee of the former Parliament had recommended the introduction of such a bill as that proposed, and he (Mr. Piddington) could not see how it would clash with the Land Bill If, however, it should hereafter be found to have this effect, there would be ample time to oppose it on the second reading. He should feel it his duty to vote for the motion of the hon. member (Dr. Wilson). Mr. O'BRIEN said be should take a similar course. These lands were some of them of a most valuable description. They were set aside under a charter which had lapsed, and he did not see why they should be allowed to remain useless and unproductive Mr. CUMMINGS would also support the motion, which he regarded as a step in the right direction. Many of these lands were held at a nominal rent, although the tenants who occupied them were charged most exorbitantly for their leases. The sooner the matter was taken up and dealt with the better. Mr. HART could see no good that was likely to arise from pressing the motion. The lands were nearly all held under lease (cries of "No, no") and no bill that the House could pass would invalidate those leases during the currency of their tenure, It was a rule of Parliaments, moreover, that two measures having reference to one sub ' ject could not be introduced contemporaneously. He thought the hon. member would do well to accede to the suggestion made by the Secretary for Lands, and withdraw the motion for the present. Mr. REDMAN opposed the motion, observing that it appeared to him some doubt existed as to the terms on which the lands were held-some asserting that they were held by les8e,|wbilelothert held that they were conferred by charter. In either case a legal difficulty arose-for, in the first place, the existence of a lease must be taken to prove that a lease had been issued ; while if the lands were held by charter, it would be equally impossible to disturb the occupants. It would be much better to withdraw the motion altogether. Mr. HAY said he could not help thinking that the course taken by the Secretary for Lands had brought on a very unsatisfactory discussion He did not think they could discuss the question in its present state, because they really did not yet know what the hon. member intended. He hoped the Ministry would not insist in opposing the introduction of this bill, because he thought it was desirable they should ascertain what was the real character of these lands. Although there was extreme unanimity on the part of the committee, there were some legal doubts whether this land were waste lands of the Crown or not. He therefore thought it was necessary they should understand what they were before they agreed to pass such a measure as the hon. member proposed. If it were thought desirable that these lands should be exempted from the conditions proposed in the Land Bill, he considered it would be necessary that a clause should be introduced to that effect. It was absurd for them to pass an Act dealing with the waste lands of the Crown without dealing with these lands also, because, according to the opinions of several legal officers, these lands would, as soon as the leases fell in, be liable to free selection ; however valuable they might be, therefore, it was necessary that they should deal with the question. It might be that they should not agree with the mode of settling this question in this Parliament, but still it would be absolutely necessary, if they did not desire that these lands should be subject to free selection, to introduce a clause into the Land Bill to that effect. But in the face of the opinion of the House, that these were waste lands, he thought it was too much to oppose the introduction of a bill which set this matter at rest. It might be, when he saw what the bill was, on the second reading, that he might not think that the settlement proposed was a satisfactory one, and, therefore, he should vote against it; but he thought it would be more satisfactory that they should receive the bill. Mr. LUCAS said, he knew that a great portion of the church and school lands at the Glebe were let for short leases, and he should like to know therefore what effect this bill would have on these leases. He knew that several acres of land were let at high rents, and should like to know what effect this bill would have on these lands. He thought there was no less than 200 homes built on the Glebe, and these were let on lasses, some of which would expire in five, eight, and ten years. Now, if this bill made church and school lands waste lands, then the question would arise at to who had the authority to let those leases. (A member That'll Bishop's land.") He was not speaking of Bishop's land, but he was speaking of a portion of the Glebe which was church and school lands. He should like to know, therefore, what he was voting for before he voted for the bill, became if they were church and school land, the question arose as to who had the authority to lease them. Mr. ALLEN thought it would not do any harm if they postponed the measure until next session, and until after these land bills were passed, because they would thus have more time to consider the matter. Mr. MORRIS hoped the hon. member would not abandon his motion, and that the House would not support the course proposed by the Secretary for Lands ; because, on his own showing, these were waste lands. (Mr. ROBERTSON: No, no.) The committee had said so, and the law officers, to if the recommendation of the hon. member was passed, these lands would be seized on at once, whether legally or illegally, and by the persons to whom they were elected. The hon. Minister for Lands said, if he excluded the church and school lands K would take him a month to alter his MR. He (Mr. Morris) could not understand why it should take more than three words, via., by insertion the words " other than church and school lands" in the 12th clause. If the hon. member introduced these words in his bill he would support the Government ; if not, he would support the motion before the Horne. Mr. LEARY thought there should be no objection to the introduction of the bill, but on the second reading they could determine the question one way or the other. He could we no reason whatever why the hon. member for the Southern Gold-Fields should not have leave to introduce his bill. They had no right to assume that any BOB. members so that Herne would be likely to vote against the Land Bill, should these Church and School lands be declared to be waste lands of the Crown. Unless there were stronger grounds for opposition to the introduction of this measure than any he had yet heard, he thought the honorable member ought to be allowed to bring in his bill. Mr. BUCHANAN said he should vote with the Government in support of the bill. Mr. COWPER should vote for bringing in the bill as a matter of course, but should certainly vote against the measure when it came before the House. His hon. friend and colleague had said that he should oppose the bill on one ground, and he (Mr. Cowper) should be prepared to oppose it on another. There was a distinction to be drawn between these Church and School Lands and other lands \- which was not generally known. The Church and School . lands were granted many years ago. under the great seal of the colony, to particular frosts, which were specifically set forth in the deed of grant, [The hon. member here read a clause from the original charter, defining the use and objects for which these lands were primarily granted.] Question! that had arisen out of the terms of this grant had puzzled many lawyers, and had given rise to much difference of opinion ; but be (Mr. Cowper) believed that it would be most an lost to declare these lands waste lands of the Crown, as was proposed. Any land granted under the great seal of the colony, as these lands had been, ought not to be thus dealt with. as? Mr. WINDEYER said, if he understood the hon. member ¿heSacretiryfor Lands, that hon. member thought this -all very proper piece of legislation ; while at the same time his hon. colleague was decidedly of opinion that the operation of the season would be unjust. Is this latter opinion be (Mr. Windeyer) did not concur. In regard of the trusts adverted to, he desired to say that they had been violated from the very first, and had never been put in force at all. These lands had all been granted for the purpose of promoting education and religion-not education and religion generally (hear, hear-but expressly for the maintenance of the doctrines and the teaching of the Church of England. (Hear, hear.) The lands were granted, as be (Mr. Windeyer) believer, in violation of the previous treatises the Union of England and Scotland. In the opinion of an able law) as it had been told that if there was even one Scotchman In the colony at the time these lands were granted, they were granted in violation of his rights as a native of North Britain. (Hear, hear.) So far, however, from having been devoted to their original purpose, the money arising out of these lands was divided amongst several denominations, and in violation of the terms of the trust. He (Mr. Windeyer) could not see what were the grounds on which the hon. the Secretary for Works could say that the passing of the bill it was proposed to bring in could endanger the passing of that hon. member's Land Bill and he was, moreover, unable to see that that hon. member had any reason to complain of the discourtesy of the hon. member for the Southern Goldfields for moving to introduce his bill. Mr. ROBERTSON : I never said I had never said anything of the sort. Mr. WINDEYER, believed that so far from unfairly encumbering the Land Bill, the passing of this bill would, on the contrary, rather agitate the passing of such a measure : inasmuch as it would give occasion for the disposal of somewhat extraneous matters which might be likely to embarrass that measure. Why should not these people who were in occupation of these lands have the right to pre-emption ? He trusted that no objection would be offered to the introduction of the bill, as it was desirable to have the question settled as soon as possible. Two gentlemen who had been Attorney-General of this colony has been of opinion that these lands were waste lands Mr. Martin and Mr. Lutwyche, the same conclusion having also been arrived at by Mr. Plunkett on different grounds. Mr. WILSON, in reply, expressed his astonishment that the hon. Premier, with his extensive knowledge of such matters, should have given it as his opinion that this Act, if passed, would be an act of spoliation. If there was an act of sPoliation at all, it had taken place many years age. These land. the hon. member said were granted for certain purposes to a corporation to support the teaching of the doctrines of tbe Unite Church of England and Ireland, the surplus thereof to be given to other denominations ; but the hon. member did not tell the House that in the charter there was it clause giving the Government power to resume these lands at any time. The grant was not absolute, but conditional and in the year 1833 the lands were resumed by the Government «aderan Act of Council. To show that the people of the country did not then hold that these lands belonged absolutely to the corporation, he might refer to an Act passed a year later, providing for the appropriation of the monies derived from the use of these lands-a Bill to regulate the Management or the Lands held by the late Corporation as Church and School Lands. There was no recognition of the exclusive rights of the Church of England to these lands, or to the revenue derived from them. The funds were to be paid into the Colonial Treasury, and be applied under the di- rection of the Governor. They ought, therefore, to be voted for the purposes to which they were to be applied, just us was the case with other expenditure. There was another ground for claiming these lands as waste lands of the Crown, the illegality of the original grant, which was null and void *'ab mine." According to the treaty of union between England and Scotland, there was to be a reciprocity, and no grant or benefit made by the State in am colony could be given in favour of the Church of England to the exclusion of participation therein by other religious bodies. Grants of land in Canada made in contravention of these terms had been reduced by the Government, and had been declared to be waste lands of the Crown. He was astonished too to find the hon. Minister for Lands offering opposition now, when last session be had stated that although he could not promise the measure the support of the Government he would give his own individual encouragement and Zupp >rt. Now the hon. member told the House that it would complicate his Land Bill. But such a thing was impossible. If some of these lands were too valuable for agricultural purposes let them be classed in the Land Bill according to their character. It appeared perfectly farcical to throw out of the Land Bill some of the very finest agricultural lands in the colony, and to be so careful that the sandy wastes of the Hogan and the valueless tracts of other distant districts be included. These Church and School Lands were situated in the best localities, and were the most desirable lands for selection under the proposed new measure. Suppose they were declared to be waste lands, did the honorable member suspect that the miners would not use them when the new Land Bill came into operation. If the Government would not survey them. and give free selection before survey, the miners would occupy them with a right, and no Govern- would dare to keep them off. Many of these lands, which were very well adapted for agriculture, were not leased, but are open to selection. Besides, in the leases of those of the lands held under that kind of tenure, a clause was inserted giving the Government power to resume the lands upon giving compensation for improvements. Although he regretted that such a debate had arisen at this step, he had thought these few remarks called far in reply to observations by the opponents of the measure. He now begged to ask for leave to introduce the bill. The motion was put and agreed to without division. Subsequently the bill was brought up, read a first time, and its second reading fixed an order of the day for Friday week. Mr. ROBERTSON (who had been absent during the reply of Mr. Wilson) emphatically denied that he had last" session promised his encouragement and support of this measure. Mr. WILSON replaced that an more than one occasion the hon. member had given him encouragement to bring the bill forward, stating that although he could not prop mite the support of the Government, it would have his support. Let these two statements go to the country and the people udce between them. (Hear, hear.) Mr. COWPER also explained that he did not draw attention to the circumstance of power being given to the Crown to resume these lands ; but it must be recollected that the Act required, on the resumption of land by the Crown, that the proceeds be devoted to the purposes of religion and education. ABOLITION OF STATE AID. Mr. BUCHANAN rose to move for leave to introduce a bill for the total and immediate abolition of State-aid to religion, He said that the subject matter of this was such that its importance could not be exaggerated, as the law as it at present stood upon this was most pernicious in its effects, scd entirely subversive of true religion. The bill which be proposed to introduce provided that those clergy- men who had come out to this country under contract for their salaries should receive the amounts they now got for the period of four years after the passing by the Act, However, as mere money was of no importance in the settlement of this question, he should not hesitate about altering this amount and making it larger if the House should see fit to do so. With these exceptions, the bill provided for the immediate abolition of State aid to religion. In accordance with Parliamentary usage, he should put off the discussion of the principle of the bill until its second reading, and content himself with moving for leave to introduce it. Mr. LUCAS seconded the motion. Mr. COWPER said it was not usual to oppose . bill at that particular stage, but at the same time he must say that he thought this was a question that ought by right to be introduced by the Government. (Hear.) He had on former occasion introduced . measure of this kind, and the more he thought of it the more he was fixed in the conclusion that the principle embodied in that bill was the only one upon the matter that could be satisfactorily settled. All he required was that the State should deal with ministers of religion upon the same principle as it dealt with other servants of the public. He asked no more than this. He must also deprecate the introduction of this measure at a time when the whole attention of the House ought to be given to other important matters that were before it in the hands of a private member he was not sanguine of the success of the measure at all events, it could not possibly claim that amount of attention from the House as when introduced and carried through by the Government He could not understand upon what principle it WM proposed to deal with matters of religion upon different principle from other servants of the public. Government officers were dealt with upon certain I fixed rules, and upon those rules ml nit term of religion ought to be treated, since they were, to all intents, servants of the public and any mere arbitrary continuance of their stipends for four, six, or even ten years, would j not meet the justice of the cue. If State-aid, theo, was to be abolished, clergymen must be dealt with in the same way as others in the public service. Holding this view, and understanding the details of this measure in the way he did, he could not say that he should be prepared to support it. Mr. HOSKINS trusted that the hon. member would postpone this bill until the commencement of next session. If he did not do go be would be only playing into the bands of designing and unscrupulous politicians, who would not hesitate about employing any means to gain their end and in this way the hon. member would only be assisting to make responsible government an impossibility, or at all events to endanger the continuance of the present Ministry in their offices. He would remind hon. members who were but new to that House, that there were hon. members in it who would stick at nothing to impede the progress of public business, and would be only too glad to make new members their plant tools. They would be only too glad to see measures and motions brought in on all sides, so that through their organ in the Press they might have the opportunity of licensing those who had been already so much maligned in one portion of the Press, of throwing impediments in the way of the conduct of public business and M of bringing them into contempt with the country. Knowing the opinions and feelings of hon. members be could only assure them that if this and other questions were now introduced into this House, they would cause so much difference of opinion and such an estrangement amongst those who required to be combined. that they would become a mere disorganised rabble, and falls prey to hon. members opposite who only waited their opportunity to strike a blow. Let them get on with the practical legislation that was already before the House, and let them leave mere speculative theories for a, future and mere auspicious occasion. Mr. PARKES thought that those hon. members who wished to economise the time of the House would not raise debate upon the mere motion for leave to introduce a bill. As to the hon. member who had just sat down, and who had so warmly cautioned new members not to be entrapped by the opposition to play their game, he thought that these remarks had come with a very bad grace from that hon. member, who had on the paper of to-day a motion for leave to in trod ace a bill which, if carried, would be the most embarrassing motion for the Government that could well be brought forward. However, hon. members, whether old or NPL members, were well able to judge for themselves of the mcp«sitytor introducing business into the HODHO. end of the- oppmliineneàs of doing so Mr. LLYWd was a new member, but could assure the Home that he was not to be played with by any party; and yet he should support the abolition of State-aid whenever and wherever it was spoken of. because he was fully persuaded that its continuance was injurious to the true interests of religion. He quite admitted the importance of the land question, but looking at religion in its true and proper light, he could not for a moment compare the two, as the land question was left at an immeasurable distance by such a comparison. For this reason he should support the bill. Mr. T. GARRETT was an advocate for the abolition of State-aid, and on that very account be would recommend the hon, member to withdraw the present motion, as if by any accident the bill should be rejected it could not be revived during the present session. On this account, and because he saw no hope of its being carried, except at a Government measure, that he now advised the withdrawal of the present motion. Mr. O'BRIEN said that they who had lived in this country for twenty or thirty years, and had witnessed the change that had come over our population, now, from being steeped in sin and wickedness, they now assumed the appearance of a Christian community when they saw this, and knew also that this reformation had been wrought out, with much trouble and painstaking by those very clergymen whom they now propose to cast abroad upon the world they could hardly give their support to such a bill at this It was all very well to point to the towns and villages, they might be doing well enough, but let them go into the interior, and there judge of what the state of the country would be when deprived, as it would be, of the services of the clergymen who stone kept the inhabitants of many places within the pale of civilisation. Air. DALGLEISH knew enough of Parliamentary proof edings to be satisfied that the motion for leave to introduce a bill was no time for discussing its principles. At the same time, he could not refrain from saying that he thought it would be advisable to withdraw the measure for the present, at, if it were forced on, it would be calculated to embarrass the position of the Government. Mr. MORRIS, though one of those who would rejoice to see the present Ministers out of office, yet was not one of those who desired to the obstacles thrown in the way of the passing of the two great and important measures of the season the Land Bill and the Upper House Bill. | As this bill was calculated to impede the other business, and as it was one that ought to be taken up by the Government, he should move the previous question. Mr BUCHANAN Although he considered the bill are of vital importance, contented to withdraw it on the distinct understanding that the Government would introduce a measure in reference to the subject on an early day next season. He would not for worlds embarrass the Government at the present crisis. The hon. member also remarked, in the course of his reply, that he very seldom saw the ghost of a white neck- cloth in the bush. (Laughter.) He did see a suspicious looking character occa with a white neck-cloth on, but he (the character) stopped at the door of a rich squatter, and he (Mr. Buchanan) saw no more of him. He never saw a clergyman doing the duty of a clergyman in the bush. Mr. HART could not consent to the measure being withdrawn until he had raised his voice in opposition to the tirade just uttered against the clergy. He know clergy men most zealous in the performance of their duties, and who had for six mouths not slept under a roof, but contented themselves with their blanket. To say that they were " tout ing to the rich was an utter falsehood, worthy of the quarter from whence it came, and he was sure it would not be believed by nine-tenths of the community. Mr PIDDINGTON supported the previous question for two reasons First, a measure of such importance ought to be introduced by the Government, and, second, he did not believe the bill before the Home, if it were passed, would be assented to by the Queen. That which the hon. mover seemed to consider compensation was no compensation at all. The Legislature of Tasmania, a short time since, passed a bill to abolish State-aid, and granted not only compensation to individual clergymen but also compensa- tion to the various Churches in their corporate capacity, but when the measure reached England (and such a bill must be a reserved bill the Imperial authorities thought the compensation not sufficient, and the bill had been, in consequence, disallowed. Mr CUMMINGS said he had been a resident In New South Wales for thirty years, had had an opportunity of observing the clergy in the Interior, and has much pleasure in bearing his testimony to their arduous labours to promote the cause of religion in the colony. Mr. HOSKINS, in reply to certain observations of Mr Parkes, said he thought that hon. gentleman was not actuated by the high motives of patriotism he professed. He also corroborated the statement of Mr. trimmings in reference to the clergy men labouring in the bulli. Mr. MORIARTY expressed himself in favour of the withdrawal of the measure far the present, and thought the discussion upon its introduction had led to great waste of time. Mr. REDMAN regretted the occasion had been made to attack the clergy of the interior As far as his experience went the clergymen had spared no pains to discharge their clerical duties, and he thought it would ill become the House silently to listen to aspersions upon a body of men who were always entitled to esteem and respect. Mr. BUCHANAN, in reply, stand that he had been charged with bringing wholesale accusations against the clergy as a body, but he was not amenable to such a charge. West the had complained of was that the clergy in the bush did not pay that attention to the poor which they should do. They were occasionally to be seen entering the doors of the rich squatter, but they were rarely to be found visiting the hut of the poor shepherd or the stockman. He had travelled over the whole of the colony, and he knew what he was starting to be the truth. One instance which had come under his notice he would relate in illustration of the neglect which prevailed. A poor woman in the bush had on one occasion requested him to write for a clergyman (she cared not of what denomination he was to come and baptize her child. He wrote six letters to one clergyman, seven to another, and fourteen to a third and it was five months before a minis- ter could be procured, when he recognised one accidentally while travelling, and the child was at length baptised. He (Mr. Buchanan) had been living in one district for four years, and during the whole of that time he had not seen a clergyman. He did not charge the clergy as a body ; but he repeated the minis- term had been very lax in their duties with respect to the poorer residents of the interior. The previous question (2 shall this motion be now put ") was then put and negatived, and the original proposition coese quently fell to the ground. THE COLONIAL INSOLVENT LAW. Mr. LOVE moved, pursuant to amended notice, " That an address be presented to the Administrator of the Government, proving that his Excellency will be pleased to came to be laid upon the table of this House the following ra- tares 34. The amount of liabilities and assets in all insolvent estates passing through the Insolvent Court, from the 1st January, visa, to the 30th June, 1950, as stated in the schedules. I. The amount of assets realised in each estate by the official assignees. 3\. The amount of dividend paid to the creditors out of each estate. 4. Vf hat proportion of assets now remains in the hands of official assignees is each estaU. S. What has been the amount of expenses incurred in each estate, pardeularulng assignees' commissions and law costs, with the names of the solicitors employed in each case." The hon. member observed that returns similar to those now asked for had been moved for on a former occasions, but were rather incomplete, on account of the Assignee having refused to furnish the information asked for, alleging that they were responsible only to the Judges, and that they could not prepare such reforms, in. ICMtpeeiaUy remunerated. It was monstrous, he thought, that such a position should be taken up, and that this should have been placed on the Estimates before the assignees would consent to account for the property passing through their hands. He hoped that. In any bill for the amendment of the Insolvent Laws care would be takes to show these persons that they were not above the South, and that they would be made to account for the money which came into their possession by virtue of their office. Many cases could be quoted to prove that, in the majority of instances, the proceeds of estates were frittered away in a most useless and extravagant manner, tbtkulkoftneaaeeu being swallowed up in law costs B4 ex- perts. [The honorable member quoted the case of Kogarah and Andrews-the rests Is the one amounting to 294, and in the otbtrtofiSMo«. tod., principally in respect to trifling services which the molasses should have performed himself.] The hon. mover next referred to the facility which the present law afforded for the perpetration of frauds, instancing a case where a man had, after raises £1000 on LORD certificates of rum in bond, sold duplicates of the same certificates to another party, and then passed through the Court with impunity, though he (Mr. Love) saw that In London lately an insolvent was sentenced to four years penal servitude for a similar fraudulent transaction. He trusted that in any amending law which the Government pur- posed introducing, provision would be made, white protecting the honest, for punishing frauds of this kind. WIth- these re- marks, he begged to move the motion standing in his name. Mr. CALDWELL seconded the motion. Mr. COWPER said there was co objection on the part of the Government to the production of these returns asked for by the hon. member for West Sydney. With regard, however, to the model or the Insolvent law which had been proposed for their adoption, it contained, he would remark by the way, not fewer than 400 clauses ; whether it would be possible to reduce that number he would leave it to others to say. He was himself quite prepared to admit that a necessity did exist for some alteration and improvement in the Insolvent law of this colony, although, at the same time, he must be permitted to observe that the subject in, question was one of great magnitude and importance one not so easy to dispose of as some hon. members appeared to imagine. The returns called for would be voluminous and expensive. An the information called for might be afforded, and be afterwards printed for general information. Mr. HAM thought that it was really lamentable to see the amount of money that was expended for Useless returns, amongst which he regretted to say he could not but this the present. He was of opinion that a great deal! of what was complained of was to be attributed to the business people of the Sydney commercial community. They would rather obtain five shillings in the pound out of an insolvent estate than lay themselves out for the Banishment of fraudulent insolvents men who had been guilty of forgery and fraud. (Hear, hear.) The traders of Sydney were to blame in this, and ought to be actuated by higher motives. The present Insolvent Law, with a few amendments, was all that was now required. A little alteration, such as could not well be done without, would meet the <n>ouuutance» of the case. Merriment had been created by the reading of the bill of costs or some professional practitioner in the Insolvent Court, although he (Mr. Hart) must say that he had not been able to see the particular part of that which they had been favoured with. If sit and eightpence were to be tattooed over all the attorneys' faces, dock warrants might, with equal propriety, The tattooed over the faces of the aeronauts in this colony and in London. The expenses of this return would, of necessity, be very great man expense week it was most "strable to avoid, and which had already caused one Government to resign. 0__ec_»_on*Uud«d to a..!. purse ' cical rcaultoflargereturnt called for had keen an amusiag«peach from air. Donaldson before he left the colony. The labour of preparing such a return would, it should be borne in mind, fall upon the office of the Insolvent department, in which there were only two clerks, ODO of whom was a supervisory. Ho vas unable to see what good end would be served by these returns, and would advise the hon. member to withdraw his motion and move for a committee. The present system of official assignees was doubtless a very bad one. (Loud cries of Hear.") Gentlemen not men of business themselves, were appointed by the Judges to undertake the management of these Insolvent estates ; two of them ' had, he believed, been Judges' clerks. Those usually confided the management of the estate designers into their hands to their attorneys, who did all that was required. Practically, he (Mr. Hart) thought that, as a matter of economy, it would be better to appoint the bUortieya themselves the official assignees. (Laughter.) It was highly desirable that they should not put the country to the expense of these returns. During the last session the documents printed consisted of not less than five immense volumes of 500 pages each ; something that it would take a whole year to road' He trusted the hon. member would see fit to withdraw his motion. Mr. LUCAS quite agreed with the view taken by the previous speaker as to the disinclination of creditors to take any debtor into the Insolvent Court. Nobody like to do so as it was known in such a course was adopted that the estate of the insolvent was, for the most part, divided between the official assignee and the insolvent. He (Mr. Lucas) knew of a case in which the two were valued at £2000 and the debts at SOON ; instead, however, of the creditors receiving five shillings in the pound, they never got more than one shilling and a penny in the found, the whole ory of the colony was raised against the Insolvent Law, and it was high time that law was materially altered. Instead of the money in an estate going to the benefit of the creditor it went to pay office expenses. The hon. member concluded his remarks by commenting upon the arrangements made in that Court between official assignee and their attorneys. The solicitors. those prevented cases from going into Court I until those days, when it was likely to be the turn of the assignees by whom they were usually employed. ' He hoped the returns would be granted. Mr. RED MAN objected to the production of the returns on the ground of the expense, and because he believed that their production would lead to no beneficial results. He omitted, however, there was much room for reform. Mr. DICK: thought the hon. member for Queanbeyan had entirely missed the question. Some of those returned were necessary, some of them unnecessary, and he (Mr. Dick would suggest an amendment of the motion, omitting, amongst other items, the assets realised, as that was not required. The fact of having a two returns would show to the Government the necessity for introducing a proper measure for the reform of the Insolvent Laws it at a meeting of creditors ? oompromiM were offered of tea. in the pound it could not be entertained if there were one dissentient. that it was not altogether in the provision of the law that fault was to be found, it was to a great extent owing to the appointment or improper persons, such as assignees, who knew nothing of accounts, and who, in order to discharge their duties, had to call for the assistance of attorneys, who required to be paid for their services. Again, the head or the department was totally incompetent for the discharge of the duties with which he had been entrusted. He believed that if the Insolvent laws were properly worked there was yet sufficient power given to punish many a dishonest trader. r. WINDEYER. referring to the concluding remarks of the hon. member who spoke last, said he thought the defectiveness of our insolvency department arose rather from a want of sufficient assistance than from the incompetency of the Chief Commissioner. He (Mr. Windeyer) would suggest to the hon. mover the advisability of limiting these returns to a reasonable period, say eighteen months instead of three years ; there would then be much less trouble In their preparation, and a probability of their being sent in at an earlier date. He attributed a large proportion of the expense incurred in Insolvency proceedings to the circumstance that creditors had no power to elect their own attorneys. The assignees. Instead of being paid by commission should be salaried officers directly under the control of Government; they would then have no ground for refusing to supply returns. Costs accumulated by attorney and official assignee playing Into each other's hands. Until lately he would admit that the assignees, in most cases, had not qualifica- tions to fit them for their duties. Mr. HAY also asked the hon. mover to limit the extent of the returns he sought to obtain, in order to limit the expense of preparing them. It was necessary to have all accessible information, in order to enable them to deal with the question of the amendment of the Insolvent Law ; but unless the returns had a direct bearing upon the object in view labour would be lost, and they should be careful not to impose unnecessary trouble and expense upon the assignees. If these gentlemen were appointed by the Government, they would be bound to conform to the orders of the House, however extensive the required returns might be ; but the whole expense of preparing these returns would then fall upon the public, not upon the assignees themselves. While finding work for them, hon. members should have their eyes open to the necessity of compensating them for their trouble ; these gentlemen must be met with fairness by the House, He thought a certain amount of jealousy existed among some professional gentlemen, against the influence of which hon. members generally should guard themselves. He believed the insolvent laws did require amendment, and that there was much to complain of in their present administration ; but he was of opinion that all the difficulty lay in providing a remedy, and that would not depend upon mess returns. In amending these laws, there had been a strong tendency to go from one extreme to another in extending or diminishing the power of the creditor over the ornate. He did not think the Government required much more information upon the evils of the system in order to enable them to frame a measure for the efficient reform of the insolvent laws and though the returns now sought for might furnish some useful data, he thought it would be advisable to limit Weir extent as to time. The hon. member concluded by reminding the House of the enormous waste of labour and expense there had been in preparing and printing useless returns In time past. Mr. CALDWELL did not agree with the sentiments of the last speaker when he stated it undesirable to curtail the length of time over which the required returns extended. It would be unfair not to ask for returns extending over a considerable period when they desired to ascertain the working of the system. The period of the returns award for was short, and the work of preparing them would not be so very great. Many estates were squandered after the payment of a very small dividend Indeed and he thought it highly desirable that they should ascertain the amounts of assets realised, together with the amounts paid in dividends. He felt assured it would be found that most of the realised assets were squandered between the lawyers and the assignees. The fault rested to a great extent with the persons appointed by the Judges, and the House should ascertain whether they were or were not come recent men. He certainly should support the resolution, although he could not endorse the statement of one hon. member, that some of the insolvencies in Sydney were almost compromises of felony and he was surprised to hear this coming from a lawyer. He was aware, however, that some persons readily received small dividends rather than see debtors convicted of felony. In some instances there had been gross cases of felony, but the ingenuity with which the law was dealt with, made it difficult to get a conviction. Mr. WEEKES could not understand the objection of the hon. member for Murray against these returns in consequence of the expense for preparing them. Now he contended that it would not take the official assignee! half an hour to prepare them. They had simply to put down the total of the liabilities and assets in all insolvent estates, from the 1st of January, 1833, to the 30th June, 1860. 2. The amount of assets realised. 3. The amount of dividends paid. 4. The proportion of assets that remained in the hands of the official assignee. And 5. The amount of expenses. Now he undertook to say that any official assignee could answer these returns in half an hour ; therefore he thought they would not tax the time of these gentlemen by asking for those returns, which were not of a voluminous character, but were totals in every instance. He thought whatever objection they might take against the expense of the returns that were moved for, and he quite agreed with the hon. member as to the uselessness many of them, that they ought not to hesitate to grant returns of any system to which there were such great objections, therefore he would support the motion of the hos-. member. He considered there could not be a worse sign of the working of the Insolvent Court than their dead log that men of business preferred accepting any compromise rather than be drawn into the Insolvent Court. He thought that was one of the strongest arguments that could be used by men who felt the evils of the system, and to whom they ought to give every facility in effecting a reform. The hon. member for Bathurst (Mr. Hart) alluded to the simpleo_rioter of a bill to work out the Insolvent law for this community. Now he did not agree with him, because he thought the matter brought under thflaeolvent law here were quite as Imp artant and intricate as any that came under the Insolvent law in England, and he knew no cases that might arise in England which might not arise here, and it was not, therefore, to city ? matter to amend the Insolvent law. He believed the Chief Justice (Sir Alfred Stephen) and Mr. Wise, amongst other legal authorities, had given considerable, attention to UM Insolvent law, and he hoped that whenever a measure should be introduced they should have the benefit of the experience of the, legal gentlemen. But he, at the same time, warned the House that when they had to deal with this question it would not be a light matter but a difficult one to grapple with. Mr. T. GARRETT rose to propose a small addition to the hon. member's returns. He knew cases where Insolvents had got their friends to propose a compromise, and buy up the assets. He alluded to a case where there were £9000 assets which were sold for £900, and shortly afterwards £200 profit was made by the transaction. Now he asked who got the profit-not the creditors, but the persons who indulged in this species of gambling. He moved that the following words be added to the motion :- "And also the amount which the debts gold brought In cases where such mode of rialsUg the assets had been adopted." Mr. DALGLEISH thought hon. members In most instances had presupposed crime on the part of the insolvents. (No, no.) A great deal had been said about the unfortunate creditors, but he thought they had a great deal to blame themselves for the manner in which they forced credit on the insolvent, knowing that he had not the slightest prospect of paying them, and for using bills for the goods sold. He thought the Insolvent law should be amended, but they should, at the same time, take care not to press too severely on the man who was unfortunate but had not been guilty of any fraud or traded on false pretences. He should not oppose the motion of the hon. member (or the return, because he thought they were necessary in order that the ROOM might form a judgment of the matter before them. Mr. LOVE replied. He thought the hon. member for Murray (Mr. Hay I was not very conversant with bookkeeping. He had the returns of the insolvencies before him for the last four years, and he would asks them out in two hours, so that the argument with regard to the time was not a sound one. With regard to the enormous expense for preparing these returns, he found the cost of the returns he alluded to win rise, to if they took the same ratio for two years the expense would be £15. It had been said that these reforms would be of no good. Now they had two of the reports published in one of the daily papers, and they found that in one estate there was £700 assets, but not one shilling went to the creditors, and the official assignee brought them in debt £14. In another estate the assets amounted to £800, and out of this turn the large slice of £390 went to the official assignee asd lawyer. If they found that in two estates there had been this result, what must they expect when the whole of the returns for two years were laid before them ! The amendment was then put and carried. SALARY OF THE GOVERNOR-GENERAL. Mr. HOSKINS moved, "1. That it is the opinion or this House, that the salaries of future Governors-General should be reduced to £5000 per annum. 2. That the foregoing resolution be conveyed by address to his Excellency the Governor- General." In so doing, disclaimed any intention of embarrassing the Government, though that had been made charge against him by the hon. member for Sydney East (Mr. Parkes), It would, no doubt, be in the recollection of hon. members that he had taken a considerable share of interest in this question last session when It was before the Parliament and in that would no doubt be found an excuse for his now pressing the matter on the attention of the House. When the matter was then discussed, some hon. members had objected to the alteration in the salary on the ground that such alteration might be regarded as a discourtesy to the Governor-General, and he was aware that much of the opposition that the proposal receive to the other House was based on this consideration. His Excellency having left the colony, this objection could no longer apply particularly as there had not yet been received in the colony any authentic information as to any other gentleman having been appointed to succeed Sir W. Denison. He had not Included the salaries of Ministers of the Crown amongst the proposed reduc- tions, because he had feared that his doing so would have evoked opposition, seeing that the present Ministry had such a numerous and faithful body of supporters in the House. He had not re ? framed from so doing because he believed what some hon. member had publicly stated, that Ministers were actuated by no principle, being only desirous to retain the enjoyment of their official salaries, for he had always gives them credit for being actuated by far higher and more petriana motifs. [ tttruertriy because he desired to confuse the question within easily cneuaatahl« limits. He found that, on the 1st August, 1844, the salary paid to the Governor-General was £4000 a year ; | when Mr. Darvall had moved to increase that sum to £7000 per annum, the increase to have a retrospective effect for three years ; thus, in effect, making the Governor-General a present of a lump sum of £6000. That gentleman's reason for proposing the increase was that, consequent upon the discovery or gold, the rates of wages and lbs expenses of living had greatly increased. But though these had undoubtedly greatly increased at that time, they had now more than correspondingly decreased at the present moment. Besides this, it was probable that there would be a deficiency in their revenue ; whilst the neighbouring colonies of Victoria and South Australia had set them an example of retrenchment which he conceived they were bound to follow. A bill introduced on the 15th February, 1860 by Mr. Forster to reduce the salary of 15 up Governors-General was passed by a majority of fifteen, which included three of the Ministers, whose Diet he thought he might venture to claim on the present occasion. That bill, however, he came to grief in the Legislative Council, and to the present day the salary remained the same. It had been estimated that the Governmental expenditure of thus colony; amounted to about £5 per head for each adult, while the expenses of the Government in England, including interest on the national Debt, was only £2 15 per head. He did not think there was any force in the objection that talented men would not be induced to come here for a smaller sum than that BOW paid. The Governor of Queensland was induced to go there at at a salary of £1600, but it had been increased to £2000 The Governor of New Zealand received £250. The Governor General of British North America only received £7000 a year, and had to reside alternately at three different places, and incur additional expense in receiving distinguished visitors from other countries. the Governor of Nova Scotia received only £3000, He thought hon. gentlemen could hardly maintain that the Governor-General of this colony ought to receive a salary more than equal in amount to four given to the President of the United States. The question ought to be decided with reference to its merits, and in view of the interests of the people of this colony, and he thought they had a great interest in seeing that the very large-he might say reek less expenditure-of this colony should be reduced. As to the hospitalities which had been said to have been profusely dispensed, he would remark that they had been received by but a small proportion, and were no reason why so large a salary should be paid by the whole Community. And they had found from recent proceedings, that those who had first been the recipients, when Sir W. Denison resided at Government House, with the first to bespatter him with abuse when he was leaving. daughter from Mr. Robertson). He would put the resolutions to be a. numbers in as clear and intelligible a shape as he could, and those who were really anxious for reduction in the public expenditure would Mt most consistently by voting for the reduced amount proposed. Mr. WILSON seconded the motion. Mr. O'BRIEN thought the honorable member for the Northern Gold-fields had allowed one circumstance to escape his memory. He (Mr. O'Brien) believed that Sir John Young was already appointed Governor of New South Wales, and no doubt he had accepted the appointment under the impression that he was to have the same salary as the late Governor-General. It would be rather shabby to tell him on his arrival that his salary had been reduced. The bon. mounts than addressed the House at considerable length, out by remarks had reference to the land question. Mr. REDMAN expressed his intention of supporting the motion on two grounds- firstly, because the increase from £5000 was only intended to be temporary; and secondly, because the district of Moreton Bay having been cut away from the colony, the labour of government was reduced to a great extent. He might add a third reason, viz., that if retrenchment was to be made at all, it was only right that they should commence at the fountain head, instead of beginning with the small fry. Mr. WALKER would support the resolution, believing as he did, that £2000 was sufficient. It struck him, however, that the resolution came rather late; if it was true that Sir John Voting had been appointed, he could not be looked upon as a future Governor-General, nor was it likely that he would subscribe to a resolution which would "check" him of £2000 a year. Mr. DALGLEISH should support the motion, for the reason that he believed in the present circumstances of the colony, iSOOo WOODS much as they could afford to pay. (Hear, hear.) The colony; having been curtailed, it followed that the expenditure and the taxation should also be reduced. He should be prepared to support reduction in all the high official salaries, but would not seek to save pence, while wasting pounds, by curtailing one sixpence of the amount paid to the subordinate, whose sal aries has been reduced sufficiently already. Mr. BUCHANAN would also support the motion. He thought the fact that the President of the United States received but 15000 year, was a striking illustration of our folly in paying more to the Governor-General. With respect to the power of the House to reduce salaries provided for in the Constitution Act, he would remind the honorable member (Mr. Redman) that the House had power not only to reduce salaries, but even to repeat. the Constitution if they saw fit to do so. Let the honorable near her digest that fact (Laughter ) Mr. LEWIS said he should support the reduction He believed £5000 sufficient. Mr. COWPER pointed out that this proposed retrenchment could only prove a failure, inasmuch as the Governor-General had already been appointed, and would receive the salary provided in the Constitution Act for five or a v years to come. S great deal had been said about the expense of government in this colony, but he (Mr. Cowper) might remind the House that some time ago a committee was appointed to inquire into the cost of the public service. This committee had taken the evidence of nearly all the leading mercantile men of the city, and it was shown that the rate of salary under the Government was barely equal to that paid in private establishments. Some new members, too, seemed to imagine that this is a- local £2000 was given only as a temporary increase) on account of the gold discovery. This was not the case. It was quite true that the allowance to Sir Charles t itary, which had a retrospective operation, was thus granted, but the salary y of £7000 for the Governor General was agreed to when the Constitution Act was under consideration, and was formally embodied in a schedule appended to that Act. It was also further contemplated when the salary of the Governor-General was fixed at its present rate of, that provision was there to be made for the hospitalities of the Government House, which had never been conducted on a niggardly scale. His opinion was opposed to the reduction of the present rate of the salary of the Governor-General, considering that such a reduction would be an unwise and narrow outcry. Some hon. members were apparently in favour of such a reduction became Uuteneland no longer formed a part of this colony, but that was not an argument upon which any street could properly be laid, for the revenue of New South Wales was larger last year than on any preceding, excepting the one before last, Theaalstywas also given because it was remembered that the gentleman who received it was likely to be called upon to contribute to the public duties, as had been eminently the case with his Excellency 8.: William Denison; and there was further proof that the salary was not more than it ought to be in the fact that Sir William Denison had not saved money or have saved very little during the period of his Government. If it was deemed desirable to reduce the salaries of officials let it be made J general thing ; if not, be for one must object to isolate the salary of' the Governor-General in the manner now proposed. He hoped the House would not persist in the matter. It was one which could not effect the expected Governor, who was already appointed, and whose salary could not be interfered with, for he felt quite sure that no Parliament of New South Wales would break forth under such circumstances. (Cheers ) Mr. MORIARTY opposed the motion, considering the fall of the country pledged to the maintenance of the present rate of salary. He had been in favour of a reduction on a previous occasion, but that was under different circumstances. Mr. ROTTON supported the motion, not seeing that there would be any repudiation in the reduction of the salary, as the future Governor of this colony had not arrived, and taken the oath of office, He was of opinion that £3000 a-year was quite sufficient. " Governor-General" was but a mere name, and he saw no reason for any increased salary to the Governor on that account. Sir Richard Bourke had not had more than £500 a year, although the colony, whose affairs be administered, then included Tasmania, Fort Phillip, and what was now called Queensland. Since the inauguration, bowen r, of responsible Government, the duties the Governor had become much less onerous, and, therefore, called for less remuneration. The G -vernor was little more than a name-an automaton in the hands of his responsible Ministers. When they pulled the string the Governor had to nod his head. A report had been circulated that the appointment had been made, but there was no authentic information upon the subject ; the colonial agent was not in a position to obtain exclusive information on such a matter. [Mr. WEEKES The appointment of Sir john Young has been announced in the London Gazette.] He (Mr. Rotton) believed it would be found that Sir William Denison's successor had not yet been appointed ; however, they could not look upon Sir John Young as Governor-General until he arrived and had taken the oaths of office. If he (Mr. Button) expected their future Governor was cooling out here under the impression that the salary be was to receive during his tenure of each was £7000 per annum, he should decline to support its reduction. However, under present oirouraatauce«, he saw no reason for opposing the motion of the boat. master for the Northern Gold-fields. He merely rose to propose as an amendment that there be added, " and that the salaries of responsible Ministers he equalised." He did not mean that they should be reduced to £1500 for seeing that they had all the responsibility and work in governing the colony, he was rather disposed to think that £2000 was not too much, especially as one of their subordinates had salaries almost as high as the Secretaries in Chief. The Puisne Judges, too, had higher salaries than responsible Ministers., This ought not to be. He believed that the duties and labours of Ministers were pretty evenly divided, and he saw no just reason why their salaries should not be equalised. Mr. PIDDINGTON seconded the amendment. Mr. ROBERTSON said that Sir John Young's appointment had been gazetted in England, and there was no doubt he had accepted the governorship of this colony. He (Mr. Robertson) proceeded to explain that the public expenditure in this colony was less per head than the public expenditure in England, when they took into consideration that our population was scattered over a large area, that we had roads to make, whilst in England their railways were constructed by private companies, common roads managed by trusts, and municipalities provided for the wants of their own localities. He should vote with the hon. mover if the matter reached committee, and endeavour to put the measure in proper form, but at present he should oppose the motion as impeding the progress of the large measure they had in view. He considered £5000 a year quite sufficient for the Governor's salary, but he thought it unwise to fritter away the public time in discussing such a question now. He trusted the House would permit the Government to go on with the Land Bill, even on private business days. Mr. LUCAS maintained that the public expenditure in this colony amounted to £5 per head of population per annum, whilst the civil government of England cost only about 9s. per head. He could not understand how it was possible to go on paying the present very high salaries, and in reducing meta he thought there was nothing like commencing at the top of the tree. He was about to give note of his intention to move for the reduction of all salaries in the public service over £250 per year. The cost of the necessaries of life had fallen, wages had fallen and he had yet to learn why public officials In New South Wales should be the only person to retain the benefits of high salaries. He should support the motion of the hon. member for the Northern Gold-fields. ,_ , Mr REDMAN opposed the amendment because as the balance of the Ministry were in danger by it, they might bring the whole force of their interest to defeat a motion which would cause a reduction of their salaries. s." Mr. GRAY had little inclination to speak on this question be cause he had made up his mind to the course he should take, but he must object to hon. members coming here in order to practise speaking, at the hon. member (Mr. Re man) ned very pressed his determination to do. He should support the motion because he considered £5000 was quite enough for the salary of the Governor-General Although it would not seen the Governor-General who had been appointed Still it would be a warning to England of the course we intended to take with regard to future Governor-General. «,"_,". a Mr. PIDDINGTON said that, as he had »na/0T«* ""*-. trent voted for the proposition of Mr. Fowler that the salaries of Ministers should be equalised, he should support the averment of the hon. member for Hartley. He confessed that for his part he considered £1200 a year was sufficient for responsibly MltustorTSd wit- surprise to find traverse .»?.»»»¡»r Kiama was as anxious to aware the salaries of the Present Ministry. He was glad to find so nun»;».?*?*?were.in' »"««J . retrenchment, became he thought the time had arrived when a reduction should be made in the series, of their public CÍMr.rDRtTBB moved that the debate be adjourned to Tuesday The motion was put and negatived. «...,,.« Mr. HAY thought, with regard to the amendment, that the honorable mines? (Mr. Rotton) had not copied the exact words of the motion of Mr. FortWr, boats _"sn««jt*d the' "station Mr ' is . _JSj*'y*«.«__. rtbTe Matches, assail at the __u_T__S* "SS ^d*>«a>per«OBum.. Alex divides, __^,_?n. had brought forward this motion had «*p!»^it7_'_''»b boldne-tacommenolngat the right eadTrtda__ it as they wished totalled only salary in which this colony was not stories '"of home Government was interested. . Ther donations "sell under the Constitution Act, and these sa_r_^__t'«««5 Ministers formed part of Schedule A? which was ÎÎ2**« compact by which this colony obtainedlr_po_lblT__J" *> and obtained control of the Crown lands £1 ¡S!****, and it was, therefore, the onlrsalaU i. says the Home Government was interested. ThSsfT S Home Government was satisfied no person In this _£_?»" a. pretence for dissatisfaction. They might not thu__54,a» und an act in accordance with this resolution for? ,^*»*Btt««. likely though- Home Government would not sell >«V"*l that the Queen would not give here," " a net peased, and it must be readily JJ * consum therefore all the labour would with But If they had gone a step further than this, and he is the salaries of the responsible Ministers of the Crown are JnD~--'.**£ s M, offices in which they as members oTïbe"Ho__'w.TÎ,5,ta« terested, they would have given some evidence of, the of purpose, and the Home Government would have his own fence for refusing to accede to their wish. He did so.".. that he was called upon to divide the House says, tai,ÏÏÎ1» but if there was likely to be any mtsunderswndl»,?_¥"". applicability of this resolution is thatTen""-.» Vital How he supposed be regarded as our present Governer as' he did not think it would be advisable for the, H»_?_*,W. If the House meant it to apply to the present o"v«i_r%S__ Ulr John young, they ought to say so distinctly,¡_¿T**' to a resolution that was in any way doubifS TJ' _?'?"* of salary found any consideration in inducing the "»,?** to accept this office, that if that amount were r_uttolÍ¿S* Young would have good ground for complaint, whilst. _"' might fairly be chargeable wlth.re^Hon. "I was! there was nothing to be gained by bringing the motion for attesting, for instead of being the most fitting to . ordered it to be the most inopportune. It would be ft? has leave Its settlement to when the new Governor should attend out; and then if they decided upon passing a bllttotïï_J_ salaries of future Governors to _5000syear.lt westerner! claim to the Governor and to the Imperial Governors SS much more reputable on their part. He believed stands under the circumstances of the colony, £5000 a year, for some time to come, a sum quite as large as the colony in afford to pay, but this being the only sum of a portion of the compact between the colony and T Imperial Government, in which that Government in 327 interested, that House would scarcely act wisely, for mere £2000 a year, to obtain the reputation if ".__?_" themselves of their share of the company. At the uns as, I did not think they were showing that they were bonanza' deavouring to lessen the public burdens, seem therefore.!?' that salary in which they were least interested, whites intact those salaries in which they were the most interest? Ei cause they were those to which they as members of thstfJr had a right to aspire. He had heard, from all sides of the BMA that, from the general depression of the colony, it was DeniMn retrenchment ; but that being so generally admitted, he ELIZ understand how the statement made only a few days so as ". allowed to pass without contradiction. 2 p Mr. PARKES said that this debate must have shown attorney members one thing, and that It was extremely difficult brig! House to retrace their steps when once they had fractured salary. They had been told last year that they could restore the salary of their late Governor and they were told now if they could not alter that of the present Governor and it tC could not reach any beyond him, since they could not bind US successors, he did not know where a commencement Training ment was to be made. He believed that himself and the cm. Colonial Secretary had been the only two members of distrust Assembly who had voted against the success, of the Governor-General's salary from £5000 to £7000 ¡ coniMuutj, he had the less hesitation in voting for the present motion He did not think with the hon. member for Murray thatchers.. cular amount of salary would be regarded by the HomeajTm, ment as part of the contract with this colony, for thitOorert ment had acceded to the terms of the colony at a Uni when his salary was only 5000 a year and it had been by a mere cold. tary act on the part of the colony, after the cession kid len made, that the salary had been increased to £7000. Nor was clear that the terms of the contract had been aocepttdtrt Home Government in the rigid spirit that had been Suppose, because in his despatch of the Constitution Act, -Uri John Russell or his own accord unmistakeably opened the door' for the consideration of the airship, Tbcaoi to the incoming Governor. General. It did not appear to him very certain that Mr John Young was appointed Goods of this colony. He believed the best authority for the sitting; was a letter from Mr. Hamilton to Mr. Cowper. There is, however, another letter from Mr. James Macarthur, og toe co of the departure of the mail, stating that he had just left the Colonial Office, and had been told that the appointment had not been made. The absence of official Information of the appointment of the future Governor-General of this colour relieved him from some appearance of discourtesy which might otherwise be charged against them if they had received such information, because no doubt it would appear then unhandsome to turn reade such a proposition. But even supposing they had oS'itl intimation of the appointment of Sir John Young, uaoiuldnot be supposed to come here with his eyes shut to the leading area of the past year, and hon. members could not so mislead them. selves as to suppose that he would not be incomes that the responsible government of the colony had introduced a bill as a Government means to reduce the salary of future Governori'Oeunl On the other hand they had reason to suppose that the nsw G vernor-General, whoever he might be, would not come out at any strong feeling of confidence that this salary of £1000 would be continued. He would vote for the motion, and also for lit amendment with the understanding that the salaries of Iii Ministers were not to be equalised to the time of £2000 per annum each, but that the secular tion should have a downward tendency. He could not concur in some of the arguments in reference to the present importance of the office of Govemor>Geosralu«a. pared with its importance years ago. There was a targets lory then to be governed, but with the changes which had run pired in our Constitution duties were now to be performed requiring higher capacity and intelligence, for which attract sum would have to be paid. He thought, therefore, left argument In reference to the Governor- General bat an automaton had very little force, Ms bellana, however, that £5000 would be just a line to Hi sure the talent required as £7000. If it were true bill motions were to be made for the reduction of all the salaries of the public service, then he thought It was rather premature a single out this one and on that account alone, apart from the merits of the motion, it would, perhaps, be better to come Di the whole system of salaries, at one and the same time. Mr. RUSDEN supported the motion. Mr. WEEKES wished to take the opinion of the Speaker as to the amiability of the amendment. He did not do so wits of hostility to the proposition itself, but thought it quite impertinent to the resolution. It appeared to him that they might with equal propriety move an amendment to reduce the salary of the peace, to regulate tolls, or to pay £300 a year to members of the Home, and that to admit such an amendment would be to litrodiMe most pernicious principle into the proceedings of the House. After some observations from Mr. PARKES upon the points! order, The SPEAKER ruled that the amendment did not include lay matter or proposal which was a view to the House, and that there fore the objection mooted by the Colonial Treasurer did not be good. Mr. HOSKINS having replled to the several objections urged against the motion, the question was put, when the inundaiMC SB negatived by majorty 622 to 19, and the original motion agreed to. The following was the division: Ayes, 22, Mr. Rotton ' Mr. Wisdom Mr. _aa_ Meston Markham Busktcaa Piddington Buadea IlaoaeU Dalgleish Weekes Lees' Walsh -away Windeyer Wilson Lady turkey Shepherd Cummings Parkes j garrett -ink j Noes, 19. " Sir. Cowper Mr. Mate Mr. Haworth Cunneen - Love, lesley T. Garrett Caldwell Driver Sutherland Stewart O'Brien C. Cowper, jun. Moriarty Rednaa Gray Morrice we? take POSTPONEMENTS. Mr. Driver's motion for return of the use of persons rts received relief on, the occasion of the last floods from tat What Bench, until Tuesday next. . -. Mr Wal«-*« motion for returns relative to lessees of Cram Under, until Tuesday next. _"...mu "rr r. COMMON LAW PROCEDURE ACT EXTENSION Bill. Mr. WINDEYER- moved the second reading of talk of. Mr. ROTTON moved the adjournment of the House, The questioner adjournment being put it was negatives, ar Rotton alone remaining on the right of the chair. The second reading of the bill was then agreed to. On the motion for committing the bill, Mr. ROMOS Mr moved the adjournment of the Horne, but found no seconder. The question that the House resolve itself into a committee Mr the consideration of the bill in detail was then put, and a OMBN having been called for by Mr. ROTTON, he was found to be as sole dissentient. . _?"_ TkBvsriou* classes of the bill were passed through MEETS without alteration, and the bill was reported to the Houston amended. The third reading was fixed for Tuesday next. The House at twenty minutes before two adjourned until an o'olock this day (Thursday). _ THREATS ACCIDENT AT W-TSox's BAY The inquest on the body of John West, aged fifty-three years, who died fronts cares of injuries received from the bite of a tiger In Mr, BiUlojr» menagerie, at Watson's Bay, on the 1st instant, was held it at City Coroner's office, yesterday. Two witnesses order. Billing and Mr. O. B. Kelly were examined, and he ftottM posed to wear, for the most part, the same a those stated is JJ account of the accident published in our issue of Thursday, s" instant. It will be remembered that the accident occurred on general holiday. Mr. Billing, being very busy in his «°»l_''J the menagerie after performing with the animals. iB8h"__! the deceased, who had been in Mr. Billing's employ aiJieeptr for eleven months. It would appear that the other""; an unfortunate failing in the shape of a craving tmiNW spirits; and Mr. Billing, knowing they, took precaution » Pa- vent him from taking more than a certain quantity w"a.ss T with the other servants ; but on this day West got slow" to make him MM cautious than he otherwise would be. *"»«"!ÎJ o'clock in the evening, West was In the menagerie slowly! I" animals and explaining their peculiarities to the visitors, and appeared desirous to create an impression among the was" that he had an much power over the animal a Mr. Billing bad. He made some steal?! animals perform in a similar manner to that to which Mr. BRAIN has accustomed them, and beside that did what he never saw Mr. Billing do, namely, put his hand between the bars of a tiger's den and pull him by the cars. The tiger had not Beta accustomed to this liberty, and he at once resented it as to". the man's arm with his paws, and then by his »»"«?._*?_" once screamed out and two or three men ran to his assistants w get him away from the don. They seized hold of kin, one has to drag him out of the clutches of the brute, but before they OOUJJ effect it, the man's arm parted just by the elbow. As «"J as possible the injured man was removed to the Infirmary, and next morning the bitten arm was amputated. That Pass" of the arm which remained in the den was not eaten by a tiger, but he allowed it to lie on the floor fill Mr. Billing got out During the time ? West was In the Infirmary he was Moon News several days, and on one occasion he was annoyed by it "is termed. Latterly he appeared to be doing as well «"o°X,°î expected; but the matter from the injured arm drags itself into the system, and this produced dead on Tuesday morning last. When questioned by Mr Billing in the Infirmary as to the cause which was him to put his arm into the tiger's den, West replied that he did not know what possessed him to attempt such a rush set in, jury returned a diet of died from injuries accidentally at . relate." to., "and no blame to be attached to any one, as a ?roveitbattheplawwher» the accident occurred \\*V^f'"l ? secured." As a mark of respect to the deceased. who proves a man ? faithful servant to his employer, Mr. Bluing UM busy hum to a respecter- manner at his of an expert. 