CORRESPONDENCE. The following letter was read from the Under be;ro tary:— ' I have the honor, by the Chief Secretary's direc tion, to return you the by-law forregulatinjrthestoraee of bay, which was forwarded with your letter of the 20th ultimo, and to inform you tfrat the law advisers of the Crown object to the proviso contained in the third clause which it will therefore, be desirable that the Council should amend or strike out. The by-law, when this is amended, will be immediately approved. 'Oliver K. Richardson.'' A letter was received from Joseph Mellor, Brown street, intimating his intention to erect a verandah in front of bis premises. Referred to the Overseer to report. A letter was read from Mr. Beck, stating that great inconvenience had been experienced by a settler in the south, through a want of knowledge of the regulations, sending in some cattle for sale on a Wednesday, when sheep only couldj be sold in the market, and suggesting that an alteratiafe should be made in the regulations, to enable cattle to be sold on tbat day as well as on Saturday. Referred to Market and Slaughterhouse Committee. A letter was read from Mr. Berry, stating that he had had an account for rates sent to him for a house which had been recently let as a school-room, ind^now empty, and requesting to be released from payment. Referred to Finance Committee. A letter was read from Mr. Dunstan, stating that he bad had an account sent to him for rates of a house in Rundle-strfet untenanted for two years, and expressing his opinion tbat if he paid half tbe assessment it would only be reasonable. Some discussion took place upon this letter. Alder man Colton thought the letter should be simply acknowledged. JHe thought, as the assessment had been fairly made out, that the Council should not inter fere, as the fact of tbe house being without a tenant was a matter entirely with Mr. Dunstan ; perhaps it was' his own fault in trying to exact a greater rent for the house than it was worth, and so kept it unoccupied. He gave it as bis opinion that if such subjects were entertained, there would be no end to such. applications. Every member of that Council he believed could make such an application. He knew he could, for be had one which had been deserted a long time. He had tried to let it, but no inducement that he could offer would in duce anyone to ' go in and occupy,' as there was a rumour spread in tbe neighborhood that tbe place was haunted with ghosts and hobgoblins. Councillor Clark seconded tho motion, as the whole of the assessment had been faiily gone into, and an appeal allowed within a certain time and as Mr, Dunstan bad not availed himself of the right to appeal, he conld not now bring it before the Council. Councillor Thomas proposed that the letter be referred to the Finance Committee. Councillor Kiteley supported Alderman Colton's motion, as also did Councillor KankLn. Councillor Campbell expressed himself in favor of referring tUe letter to the Finance Committee. It was eventually resolved simply to ac knowledge the letter. A letter was read from Mr. Robert Hirreli, to say, ' tbat seeing by the public prints that it is not the inten tion ef the Council to enquire further into the late de cision with, regard to the staiionman at Norlh Adelaide, and as I am personally concerned, I beg respactfuUy to request tbat an investigation take place as soon as con venient to the Council, to have the matter cleared up, and the public satisfied.' As the subject matter of this letter was embodied in a notice of motion referring to the Public Works Com mittee, tabled by Councillor Kiteley, its consideration was deferred for that report. BOXIANA. The following letter was read, and excited no small degree of merriment in the Council, every member shaking his sides with laughter during the whole time occupied by tbe Clerk in reading it. 'Adelaide, February 2, 1861. 'To His Worship the Mayor and Corporation of Adelaide. 'Senilemen — Seeing by tbe newspaper reports that, sooner or later, the art of self-defence will have to be thoroughly understood by your worshipful body, I bo:* most respectfully to offer my services as your instructor, either bv the hour, day, week, month, or at every sitting of the Council. ' I have in hand a large supply of second- hand boxing gloves, used by the fancy in tho prize riug of England by heavy and light weights, which I shall be happy to let out on very reasonable terms ; the same to be re turned in pood order (fair wear and tear allowed), but to be free from blood stains, as they cause scratches. ' My very old and particular friend Mr. Eeenan lias kindly offered bis services as second to see fair play, provided the Civic Bowl is substituted for the bottles, and Inspector of Muisanees is allowed to act as bottle or bowl holder, so that the P. R. shall not be disgraced or burlesqued. ' Yours, &c;, 'Thomas Satees, ' Champion of all England.' Councillor BANKIN said he hoped the members of tbe press present would take no notice of the document, as it seemed a a voluntary and gratuitous attempt by some unknown person to throw ridicule upon the Council. The Mayor said he had no doubt the gentlemen of tbe press would use a proper discretion in the matter. Omnes. — ' Oh ! it's only fan.' BE WJCKSTEED. A letter was read from Messrs. Pemi & Bruce, enclosing a letter from Messrs. Lawrence & Knox, stating that Mr. Wieksteed was ready to enter into a bond for the payment of any costs in tbe action respect ing the deodorising contract. Deferred till the bringing up of the Deodorising Com mittee's report. FINANCE COMMITTEE. The report of this Committee gave the receipts as £356 12s. 6d., and the expenditure £392 2s. 7d. ; over draft, £2,863 5s. 2d. It also repotted as follows : — 'He Jones, Collector. — Your Committee met on tbe 28th ult., and, finding no money paid in, instructed the Town Clerk to write for an immediate payment. Mr. Jones's answers are forwarded herewith, and tbe Com mittee request instructions as to what course shall now be taken. '.Re Liang. — A letter addressed to your Committee is al-o forwarded herewith. ' The late Collector for Grey Ward has addressed your Committee, which, letter ia likewise for warded. ' Mr. Stratton has written your Committee as to re muneration for collecting in Gawler and Hindmarsh Wards during- his temporary appointment, and your Committee await instructions. ' Time to pay Bates. — Tour Committee advise that Mr. Joseph Ward be allowed till nest month to pay the remainder due by him for rates. '* Assessment for 1861. — Your Committee have to report tbat the necessary books signed and initialled have been banded to the Collector for Gawler Ward. . ' The Valuator has engaged to have the remainder ready for the collectors by this day week.' After reading the Report the Clerk read the two fol lowing letters from Mr. Jones : — ' Goodwood Park, January 29, 1861. ' Sir — In reply to your letter of the 28th instant, I have done all I possibly could except giving the pro perty away. I was persuaded not to have tbe auction on the spot as I intended, but to allow it to be tried again at Messrs. Green & Co.'s, on Friday last, and was only offered £450 for what cost £1,150, my reserve being only £600, so it was not sold. I am bound to sell £600 worth before I can get tbe title deeds from Mr. Fill. ' With the additions I have made I hops to get it sold for .£600 ; directly I succeed in selling it I can complete Mr. Martin's purchase and raise the balance, which I hope to do without much further delay. I have advertised the matter— see Register, 30th instant. 'The £200 alluded to was promised me by Mr. Hardy, and should have got it advanced on account of the sale, but Mr. Hardy was called to go to Melbourne without any notice, and was to have returned on the 25th instant, as I was to sret the £200 on the 26th; but from some causes unknown to me, he has not yet re turnsd from Melbourne, and I am, therefore, disap pointed ; but the very day after he arrives I shall have the £200, and the cheques will be drawn in favor of the Corporation. 'Begretting deeply that these delays should occur, over which I have no control, and begging a litUe further time, ' I am, yours obediently, 'William Jones.' 'Goodwood Park, February 1. ' Sir — In reply to your note of yesterday, I waited on Mr. Hardy this morning-, and I regret to inform you that Mr. Hardy, in consequence of the accumulation of correspondence requiring his immediate attention, arising from his goinsf to Melbourne, he cannot advance me the £200 until Wednesday next. There are three parties about purchasing my premises, which I hope will be sold by next Monday, when I will report to you. Hoping the Committee will grant me a little further time, ' I am, yours, &c;, '? William Jones.' A letter was also read from Mr. Lang respecting his accounts. Councillor Campbell, with reference to Mr. Jones's communication, stated that since he had left home that morning he had been made acquainted with, circum stances which induced Mm to believe that Mr. Jones would shortly be able to make up his defalcations if the citizens would give him a little more tune. Councillor Bankin said he should like to bear the opinion of the Chairman of the Finance Oonsmittee (Alderman Colton) upon the matter. He knew the sub ject was watched with considerable interest and anxiety by the peneral body of citizens, and he did not think it should thus stand over from t'me to time without any satisfactory explanation being given. He thought th2 duty of the Council to the citizens was imperative to see that the matter was settled at once. He said he had been frequently asked by many citizens what the Com mittee were going to do. and therefore be should like to have tbe opinion of the Chairman. The Mayor remarked that the whole statement of the case bad been before tbe Committee, Councillor RaNKIN replied that the statement aid; not satisfy him, because he found that Mr. Jones had put them off from day to day by saying what he was going to do, and as far as the Council was concerned they were &e;£more forward than wben the investigation ;yas first entered sjipon. He considered that the Finance Comsiittee should give some explanation. Aiderfljan ColT ON explained that what the Committee had done, and wets now doing, \ras fully before the Council, and ail the inforjaation collected by the Com mittee bad been laid before .the Council .; but if Mr. I Councillor Rankin wished to ask .him say question which had not been previously answered beu-re 'the Council, he should be very glad to .do so. Councillor Rankin did not consider the report placod j them ia a better position than they were before it was brought up. He considered that as they had sureties for Sir. Jones, the sooner they went against those sureties for the recovery of the defalcations the better it would be. It seemed to him that Mr. Jones had been merely playing 'ducks and drakes' with them. The thing he knew would admit of no further delay, as tbe citizens were crying out aloud, ' Wn* have we done in Jones's matter?' Alderman Colton— The facts of tbe case are already before tho Council. The Mayor bore testimony that tbe Finance Com mittee had beeu very diligent in the matter, and could not think any blame could attach to them, but said that if any member thought there should be any action taken that was the time for such member to do so. Alderman Colton said he was about to do so. He saul it was the unanimous opinion of the Committee that immediate steps should be taken to secure the amount of the deficiency, because they were well satisfied that Mr. Jones had been playing with thum from the first. In the first place he had deceived them with reference to the order signed by Mr. Martin, which they afterwards found could not be made available. The Committee had taken great pains and had narrowly watcbed the case while in their hands, and at the last meeting they thought and resolved that the better plan for them to adopt was to place the matter in the hands of the Council to take actioc in the matter, and therefore now sub mitted their report to the Council on the subject. Councillor Clark eulogised the Finance Committee for their exertions in the matter, as he believed the result of their labor would show that for the future no proper protection for. tbe interests of tbe citizens would he omitted ; but with regard to the particular case of Mr. Jones he thought His Worship tbe Mayor should be joined with the Finance Committee, and if it was then lound, as it had been intimated, that Mr. Jones had been playing ' ducks and drakes ' with the Com mittee, that the matter should be at once put into the hands of the City Solicitor. Alderman Colton then moved, and Councillor Clauk seconded, tliat the report be adopted. Councillor Kiteley took the same view of the question as Councillor Clark, but at tbe same time reserved to himself the right to point out at any future time the laxity with which the Finance Committee had begun their labors. The reservation claimed by Councillor Kiteley elicited some rather warm remarks from the members of the Finance Committee ; and the old story, reported in this paper at length when the question was first discussed, was here repeated. Alderman Cox moved an amendment to ihe resolu tion—' That the bondsmen of Mr. Jones be called upon for tbe immediate payment of bis defalcations.' Alderman Williams seconded. Alderman Cox, in allusion to the matter having been previously in the hands of the Finance Committee, said he did not blame them, but he blamed the Mayor and the Town Clerk, because he considered if proper super vision had been practised no such defalcations could have occurred, and he had often seen the Collectors of Rates in the Clerk's office with their books, and it would be very easy for the C.erk (o see that when the receipts in the book were torn out, that the Collector had received tbe money. Alderman Coltos explained that the Clerk merely saw the Bank vouchers. Alderman Cox continued, that he thought that the Council should not make 'fish of one aud fowl of another.' There was no such procrastination wben the case of Mr. Lang was brought betore the Council, and he could not see why there should be in the case of Mr. Jones. The Council bad been tampered with, and he considered the bondsmen should be called upon to pay tbe amount immediately. He could not conceive any circumstance which.could be taken as a justification for Mr. Jones's tampering with the money of the citizens. Alderman Williams agreed with Alderman Cox. Councillor Pannell, with regard to Mr. Lanz, said it was no use the Council to sue him, as he had no money, but Mr. Jones was a man of property, and therefore there was a great difference between the posi tion of both men ; besides, it was well known pro perty was now very difficult to dispose of. At the same time he must express his opinion that Mr. Jones had grossly misled the Council. Alderman Cox— With, regard to Mr. Lang being in an inferior position to Mr. Jones, said he had made en quiries out of doors, and was informed, on very good authority, that there was no difference at all between the two individuals. Many persons could easily repre sent themselves ss men of wealth, but whan put to tbe proof would be found to be mere men of straw. Alderman Colton a-jain gave it as his opinion tbat Mr. Jones bad practised gross deception upon tbe Cor poration, and with regard to tlie letters seat by him to the Council, if they were looked into they would l»e found to be very cunningly and ingeniously concocted. In thd first it was said that Mr. Hardy had gone to Melbourne without completing the business, and the-i that Mr. Hardy's correspondence was so voluminous that he could not find time to attend to Mr. Jones's business ; but if any farther delay took place it might turn out that Mr. Jones was insolvent, and then, he would ask, what would ba the position of the Council? Councillor KlTELBY said the proposit'on to refer the matter to the Finance Committee would not prevent tbat Committee from taking immediate action. They would be guided by circumstances, and if they could not get the money at once, they could immediately go against the sureties. Councillor Thomas believed, with Alderman Cox, that there had already been sufficient time allowed to close the matter. It was not wise ia the Corporation to show too much leniency. They had given Mr. Jones very great leniency and every opportunity to explain his ease, and therefore he believed the matter should be dealt with a stricter hand than the Council had as j et used iu the matter. He considered the conduct of Mr. Jones ws a very great betrayal of confidence. From the reports he had been in the habit of sending in he could not in the least degree imagine how he could have fallen into such practices. Considering that Mr. Jones had been keeping the money of tbe Corporation for upwards of a year, and as they were paying interest to the Bank at tho rate of 10 per cent., he (Councillor Thomas) did not think they would be doing tbeir duty to the citizens unless they insisted upon immediate payment. Councillor Cottbell expressed himself in most in dignant terms at tbe way in which Mr. Jones had acted towards the Council in taking the money of the citizens and appropriating it to his own use. ' He pro nounced it a most dishonest act, and said he should at first have been taken before the Police Magistrate, but there should now be no further delay, and something be considered should be done. The first thing was to get back the money of the citizens. He hid no faith in a man who had been dilly-dallying with the Committee as he had done, and therefore would suggest that the Com mittee should institute proceedings at once. Councillor Clark hoped Alderman Cox woul 1 with draw his amendment, because he thought the Com mittee, if they saw it advisable, would fall upon the sureties at once. With, regard to Mr. Jones and Mr. Lang, the former was an only an agent, and therefore could not be brought under the operation of tbe criminal law, whereas the latter could, and that consti tuted a great difference in the two cases. He con sidered in every view ot tbe case that it would bo moat advisable to leave it in the hands of the Finance Com mittee, for even if insolvency should take place, the Committee could act muck more quickly than the Council. Alderman Cox's amendment was then put and lost. The original motion to leave the matter in the hands of the Finance Committee was carried. From Mr. William Lang, informing tbe Council tbat he anticipated being able to pay the defalcations in his accounts before the proceedings against his sureties would come on. He promised to use his best endeavors to do so. A short discussion occurred, and it was re solved that the proceedings instituted should be con tinued. From Mr. K. B. Morgan, informing the Council that he «ould not make a return of his accounts until the next meeting of the Finance Committee. Received, and the statement to be insisted upon pre vious to next meeting of the Council. From Mr. Stratton, naming certain parties who have paid their rates to Mr. Jones, but which rates have not been paid to the Council, and mentioning his services as temporary collector for Hindmarsh and Gawler Wards, claiming remuneration for the same. It was resolved that Mr. Stratton receive a sum equal to 5 per cent, for the amounts of rates which he has collected in the ward in question. PUBLIC WORKS COMMHTEE. The report of tbe Public Works Committee was read as under : — ' Streets under control of Corporation — Addition to tbe original streets of the City. — Your Committee have perused the letter of the Hon. the Commissioner of Public Works, and recommend that the Government be furnished, for the Waterworks Commissioner, with a list of all the non-original streets of the citv which were formed and laid out prior to tbe establishment of tbe Corporation, and which have been macadamized by the Council, including those under the City Commissioner. 'Revolving Fountains — Mv. Lewis's Letter. — Your Committee ware attended by Mr. Lewis, and made a trial of the jets named in his letter, and would recom mend tliat the same be affixed in Victoria-square {the northern portion) on a pillar similar to those now being made by Mr. G. Wyatt. 'Burial of Dogs on Park Lands— Mr. Dodd's Letter. — The First Inspector of Nuisances informed your Com mittee that no nuisance now exists on tbe Park Lauds caused by the burial of doga, nor has there been any that he is aware of since the cases reported by him to the Council, and communicated to tbe Commissioner of Police, Your Committee see no objection to the Coun cil allowing doors to be buried on the Park Lands, nro vided they are properly covered over and no nuisance committed; the Overseer of Works and Park Lands Ransrer to be careful to prevent a recurrence of the former complaints. ' Old Botanic Garden on Park Lands. — Your Com mittee have inspected the agreement with the tenant, and find that the small paddock adjoining the garden is let with the latter, including the cottage, at £25 per annum, £5 being allowed during tbe first year for repairs. Your Committee advise that the Hanger should be instructed to sea that the banks of the river within the garden are not injured, and also that he report from time to time how the garden is kept ; also that the Overseer measure and report on the extent of ground included in the agreement. ' Frome Footbridge. — At the request of the Overseer of Works aud the contractor, your Committee paid a visit of inspection to the works on the 1st February, and advised with the former as to the further prosecu tion of the works with a. view to the completion of the contract. A small portion of timber now on the ground your Committee found to be unsuitable, and it will be Vepla,eed with other by the contractor. Your Com mittee advised some alterations in the fencing, and recommend aboiii fourteen additional panels to be supplied. ' * 'Fountain in O'Conne'ii.street.-^Your Committee, finding that one of the fountains was to be placed at the corner of Childers-street, in O'Connell-strcet, visited the spot, and would now advise that the position be altered to Tynte-street, south-east corner, as being a much more convenient place than the one first named.' Tb.8 Standing Orders were then suspended, in order to enable ihe Council to deal with the first and second minutes of tbe report lust read. Thtfrst and second' paragrsfhjs of the report were then, adopted £S read. ' ' DEODORIZING COMMITTEE. , The repprj -jf the Depddrizing' Committee was read as. : under.: — * ' ? - , . 'Your Committee peijsed the Jetters of Mr. O'Reilly, Mr. George DeV, and thi Inspector of Weights and Measures, of 16th. December -i^fr ? ^he latter as to the qnantity of guano on hand. ' Your Committee also received a verbal message from a resident at North Adelaide, complaining bitterly of the nuisance caused by the effluvia from the deodorising works. ' Your Committee advise, as the nuisance sHll con tinues, and there is little indication of its abatement, that Mr. O'Reilly receive three months' notice to close the contract. ' Your Committee will consider and report upon a plan to be adop ed for the future, and in the mean time advise that the Overseer arrange to deposit a portion of the blood, &c.; (as an experiment) upon the ground now being trenched by the prisoners, and report thereon. Your Committee are sorry to find that Mr. O'Reilly made so great a mistake in the weight of the manure. 'Mr. Wicksteed's Claim. — Your Committee remit the settlement of this matter to tbe Council, as being too important for them to act upon, and would suggest the propriety of obtaining the opinion of the City Solicitor, so that an auswer may fie given prior to the departure f the next English mail.' The Standing Orders were suspended to admit of this report being considered. Alderman Williams strongly expressed his opinion that the Deodorising listablishment was of little use to the community. He had looked into this matter lately and found tlat every ton of guauo cost £i0, and as it only brought £1 10s., a great loss was entailed. He should move that Mr. O'Reilly receive three months' notice m terms of his engagement, that his services would not longer be required. Councillor Campbell opposed the motion. Councillors generally expressed their opinions, and it was resolved that the report of the Deodorising Com mittee be adopted. OFFICERS' REPORTS. A report was received and read from the Overseer of Works, informing the Council that the coutiacts for street watering would expire as under : — For Hindley street, on the 5th of February ; and Rundle- street, 1st of March. It was resolved that the watering: of Hindley-street be continued at the same rate during .the present month. The report also alluded to the necessity of posts being erected to prevent trespass on the footpaths on the Botanic-road, and it was resolved that the Commis sioner of Waterworks be written to on the subject, and the Inspector of Nuisances instructed to see that the nuisance is discontinued. A report was likewise read from the Clerk of the sheep market, in reference to sheep being left in the market over ni*rht. Referred to the Market and Slaughterhouse Com mittee. * tenders. Tenders were received for fencing required ou private acres ; that of Mr. Thomas Holison being accepted, the amount being 6s. 6d. per rod, and 6s. for corner poBts. STATIONMAN FOR ROBE WARD. Councillor Kiteley moved that the Standing Orders be suspended to enable the Council to consider a motion in reference to the election of the stationman for Robe Ward. The motion was carried. Councillor Kiteley then said that it was desirable tbe matter in reference to the election of the stationman for Robe Ward should be fully investigated, and he would therefore move 'That a Committee, composed of the following members, be appointed to enquire into the matter of the late election of Stationman for Robe Ward, the following to be the Committee : — Alderman Cox, Councillors Kiteley, Carvosso, Rankin, Campbell, Brice, Vosz, and. Cottrell.' Ho did not anticipate any objec tion, and he therefore simply proposed the resolution. Alierman Cox should have no objection to second the motion, provided that the Mayor should be requested o attend and to swear all witnesses. ( Hear, hear.) v Councillor Pannell should also move that the re porters be requested to attend, as it was desirable the matter sbould lje fully made public. Councillor Campbell said he voted for Crosbie. He should not attend, although a member of tbe Com mittee, as he considered the whole affair was most dis graceful. He should not attend. The motion was carried with thn additions suggested. The Council then adjourned until Monday next at 3 o'clock. Finniss Miking Claims. — On Wednesday afternoon, February 6, the firstnoeeting of the shareholders of the above Company was held at the Gresham Hotel, North- terrace. There were upwards of 40 gentlemen present, the original proprietor being also in attendance. The chair was occupied by tbe Hon. A. Forster, who commence J by giving a graphic description of the Wallaroo Mines in general. After which he proceeded to show the exact position of the claims belonging to the Company, and their relative distances from those already well-known claims from which such an abundant yield of copper had- been obtained. In this he was aided to a considerable extent by some well got up plans, which illustrated at a glance tbe relative position of each claim. Ha^ then went on to show the different directions which the lodes took, and said that it was his behei that tne lodes ran nortu-nortu-west ana south. south-east, and not east and west as generally supposed. He next spoke ou the indications already obtained, whicu, be said, were most encouraging, being precisely similar to thosa found in the sinking of the Wombat Shaft. The lode at which they have arrived is a metallic lode of mundic exactly like tliat which was cut in the Wombat Shaft. He felt convinced that the prospects were of a most promising character, and it only required additional capital to develope mines of great value. He was confident for himself, and he thought he could also speak for the whole of the original proprietors, that were £5 premium per share offered him for any portion of his share, he would reject it, having implicit confidence in the prospects of the compauy. An objection was commonly being brought forward in reference to the management of the company, many persons saying 'Oh, you can be a shareholder if you please, but you will have nothing to do with its management,' as the originators have it all in their own hands.' With a view to meet this objection, they had deemed it advisable for the shareholders to elect four among them selves to represent tbe whole body — that four possessing equal power to any of the original proprietors ; or, perhaps, better still, for them to select one of their number to act for the whole. Each person would then have one fifth each, and their votes would be equivalent. However, be would leave this matter to themselves, and let them come to their own decision. In conclusion, he would ask if there was any one present who would like to say a lew words upon the subject, or if anyone bad any question to ask. He was sure they would be re ceived with kindness aud readily replied to. After some little conversation, it was generally considered that one would b3 preferable to four, as representatives of the shareholders, and Mr. W. K. Thomas was ultimately elected. Feee Pbesbytebiah Chttbch. — On Sunday, February 3, anniversary services were held in the Free Presbyterian Church, Port Adelaide, when two sermons were preached ; that in the morning by the Rev. Mr. Reid, a young missionary preacher, who has just arrived in the colony, and whose sphoi e of labor is chiefly in tended to be among the aborigines in tne country dis tricts; and tbat in the evening by the Rev. Mr. Gardner. On Tuesday afternoon a tea meeting was held, which was well attended ; after which a public meeting ; the Rev. Mr. Gardner being unanimously voted to the chair. Addresses were delivered by the Rev. M. H. Hodge, Rev. — Anderson, Rev. Jas. Reid, and Rev. Peter Mercer, tho latter gentleman having been pastor of the church since its opening, but who is about to leave for Victoria in the course of next week. A general feeling of regret was evinced by the con' regation and inhabitants at the announcement of the rev. gentleman's departure from amongst them. The Rev. Mr. Gardner announced that he should occupy the pulpit both morning and evening on Sabbath next, and tbat arrangements would be made to conduct and continue the services. A collection was made in aid of the general fund, which appeared to be well responded to. A vote of thanks was unanimously passed to the ladies who had so kindly provided and presided at the tea. A similar compliment having been paid the Chair man and the rev. gentlemen who had delivered ad dresses, the meeting broke up. German Liedeetafel Concert. — A concert was given by this society, on Wednesday evening last, at the Hotel Europe, Grenfell-street, assisted by the Brunswick Brass Band and a large number of amateur musicians, for tbo purpose of raUing a fund for the beneSt of the family of the famous composer, Mr. Carl Zoellner, who lately died at Leipsic, leaving his family unprovided for. The large room of the hotel was crowded to excess By a most respectable company. The pro ceedings commenced punctually at the time announced, and were initiated by one of the friends of the deceased in an address in the German language. The pro gramme of tbo pieces forming the evening's entertainment was too long to allow for giving a notice of each particular piece. The major part of tbe perfovmara consisted of the members of the Liedertarfel and the German brass band, and about a fourth part of the pieces executed were tbe compositions of the talented deceased gentleman. We need not say great care and industry was displayed in the execution of those pieces especially, and which elicited the warm applause of the company. The other pieces were selected from the great German and Italian masters, and were equally well executed. The concert was continued to a very late hour, but the length of time occupied by it did not at all suggest a wish by any of the company to leave for home before its conclusion. Singular Treatment of Customs Officers. ? The French barque Picard from Bourbon arrived a few days since with a cargo of sugar, but not having an agent at this port the supercargo telegraphed to Sydney for instructions, and consequently was necessitated 1 ving at tbe Lightship anchorage. In aacord&nce; with tbe regulations of the Customs ( being a foreign vessel, and from a foreign port) she had, on arrival, two officers put on board ; these gentlemen unfortunately met with a most ungracious reception, being refused a supply of food, &c; This severe treatment of the inner man could not be borne by Englishmen, and unfo tunately on the following day a waterman's boat being alongside the captain hinted the necessity for the officers to go ashore. This hint was taken, aud the officers, who came ashore, reported tho treatujent to their superior, who instantly adoped tbe necessary means to prevent farther diffi Feuit and Vegetable ;Mae?e?.— Markets for the sale of garden produce are now held twice weekly at tbe site appointed by the Corporation m Vic toria-square, and also on private property opposite and behind the Stag Inn, on East-terrace. As our readers are aware, tbe Corporation declined to declare a market place at the east end of the city when requested to do so some time back, thinking by this means to compel vendors of produce to come to the Victoria-square maVkei. The gardeners, however, would not be driven and as Ttbe 'Corporation would not declare a market at the east end, they have com t° an amicable arrange ment with Mr. Waite, of tbo 'Stag *nu, and Mr. Vauffhan, the lessee of a piece of ground opposite, anfl those' gentlemen now pocket the fees, which, but for civic obstinacy, might have flowed comfortably into the municipal treasury. Saturday is the great day at this marketT and last week there were nearly a hundred catis there belonging to buyers and sellers. Jiessrs. Vauo-han antt'Waifcfr superintend the arrangements, and everything is conducted' with great regularity. Each carter knows bis ring,' which Is riumbsred, and thus crowding and disputing is avoided. ''The; market fe found to be a great convenience to the denizens of tb* east eu-i df tbe city. 