ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. To the Editor of the Advertiser. HENBY VALLENTINE. SIR,—Wednesday morning, 10th January, in the year of grace 1861, presented a spectacle to the people of Hobart Town which cannot soon be forgotten. The departure for Port Arthur of that notoriously respectable swindler, Henry Vallentine, late of ROSB. The debut of this culprit in his new character waB quite worthy of the god;; quite in keeping with the morbid sympathy exhibited in certain respectable circles, and perfectly illustrative of the future quality of treatment as shadowed forth from the criminal bench at Launcesten. An hour before the time appointed for the removal of the other prisoners, this culprit was marched from the common jail, to the place of embarkation, stepped on board the Culloden, and was shown in to that apartment known as the ladies' cabin ; marched, not in grey clothing or leg irons, like any other common felon, but habited in hiB own clothes, bis walking coat over his left arm, displaying his gold chain and rings as usual, ana having his portmanteau carried by one of the prison officials. But, forsooth, all this is quite proper, poor Vallentine iB not an every-day criminal, his genteel feelings, and highly sensitive nature, ought not to be too much put upon, and every indulgence should be shown him, in consideration of his stupendous frauds and former respectability ; his education too, and keen sense of virtuouB right, muBt class liim as A 1 at Port Arthur ; nor shall he be permitted association with other low creatures, who have outraged the laws of their country by stealing other people's sheep, stealing other people's horses, or in any way appropriating other people's effects to their own use. Alas I what an age we lire in, when justice and her concomitant punishments are thus mocked. It cannot be denied but that there are some criminals nowa-dajB, as impalpable to the touch of law as the ghosts were to the touch of Eneas's spear. Charity is good, and sympathy is excellent, but when the garment that clothes this heavenly attribute is made tbe cloak to cover open, notorious, wide destructive villany, our reason may well be put to the test. Look at this man and his forgeries,—shall mighty crimes like his stalk the earth, and when a rightful power makes them out, shall they not receive their full meed? Shall a Bjmpathy evoked by the recollections of bygone greatneBs, not only blunt the sword that justice displays in the execution of wellmerited chastisement—but actually WTench it from the hand, to be substituted by a rosebud. The delinquents, the nuisance of a petty village, are seized, bound, and put upon with all the force and majesty of law; while the aristocratic swindler who strikes at the very root of the commonwealth, by a well-designed, organised system of forgeries, to tbe tune of thousands, is treated with epecisl regard, and care taken that his finely aensitive feeling be not too much wounded, in subjecting him to the usual course of grey uniform, nor eompcl him into the society of other criminals, where his morals would re - ceivc taint, no, not even iato the fellowship of his CISBS companion on board, who for a similar offence (but less in magnitude as regaids the amount by one-fourth), who in his I psj uniform, tlaaking chains, and buret'— wi^e an4 four weeping orphans, as the ooean hearae stood out to seaO 1 tell it not in Oath, let not that wiaged Mercury in its next summary for Europe, tell the tale of our weakness the spirit that actuates our government, our public men ; say not that this colony, the cub of the Old British Lion, is exhibiting suoh deplorable symptoms of degeneracy. Yours, &c.;, DESMOND. Jan. 18,1861. 