THE MERCANTILE DIFFICULTIES. OF THE AMERICAN CIVIL WAR, (economist.) It is very important that thinking men of business should comprehend the exact difficulties to a high, our commerce with America is exposed at the present juncture. But many practised men of business do not find it very easy to understand them. . There seems to be a puzzle in the subject, and not unnaturally, for its precise State is the result of very ancient controversies, and is hardlyiutelligiblo without a reference to very ancient doctrines. There are in the nature of things two questions which inevitably arise out of every naval war. First,' What is to be done with neutral goods on board the ships of belligerents and enemies P Secondly, "What is to be done with enemies' goods on board; the ships of neutral nations And with respect to those there are two old-jurisprudential theories and a third modern theory, less logical perhaps than either of them, but more favourable than' either to the interests of commerce, and therefore more beneficial than either to the increase of civil sation and the progress of mankind. The first of these old theories is the rigid English theory. We looked murderous old law, and irrespective of what was agreed on quite recently at Paris, exclusively to the ownership or property in algûçis and merchandise, "What- ever belonged to the nation with which we were at war we took wherever we could find it and whatever did not belong to our enemies we did not take, wherever' it might be. Accordingly, when we found enemies', goods on board neutral vessels we took them undeviatingly and upon principle I when, on the other hand, we found the property of neutrals on board an enemy's ship, we uniformly restored it to its true owners, though we took the ship as lawful prize., ,,,<; c, , " The second of the old theories is the continental theory, which has been ad- vacated by many able' jurists, and which has played a very great part in history. Upon this theory the flag of the VeSsels un undeniable and irresistible presump. lion of the ownership of the goods it is carrying as cargo. You are not at liberty to inquire into the facts j whatever is indicated by the coloured presumption, that your are to assume. Whatever goods you Bud on board a ship bona-fide entitled to carry a neutral ling, those goods are, by an infallible presumption, the property of neutrals. On the other hand, whatever goods you had on board an enemy's ship these are, in like manner, to be incontrovertibly regarded as enemies' goods. It will strike any one who reads these two series of precisely conflicting statements, that neither of" them are the international rules which the interests of commerce at all times demand, and which in later ages, when, the world is complicated, and when war is always either impending or actual, those interests imperatively require. For the good of commerce it is desirable that the greatest possible facility should be given to trading operations ! at all times,, by all persons, and under all circumstances. Accordingly,' it would be desirable that cargoes should be free wherever they should be found ; that in conformity with the old English theory which looks to facts 'only, neutral goods should never be touched on board enemies' ships that in conformity with the continental theory which regards only na' artificial presumption, All goods whatever should be unmolested and free that are bound on board a ship that is truly and róally neutral This is the principle recognised by the Con? press of Paris. According to the following declarations :- i ' "2. The neutral flag covers enemies' goods, with the exception of contraband of war. » > 1 " 3. Neutral goods, with the exception of contraband of w air; are not liable to capture under the enemy's flag." ' ' . " ' " As we, in the interests of commerce, have on former occasions urged it is most desirable that these rules should be carried further, and that trading ships should not be interfered with exceptional cases being disregarded, even when belonging to actual belligerents. But we need not complicate an intricate topic just now, with any speculative suggestions., As a fact, the rule laid down by the Congress of Paris was, so to speak, a compilation from the two opposed codes of naval war in which divided the European world ; from the one it st lee tod the doctrine " that free ships make free goods, and from the other the doctrine that only enemies' goods are tobescized on board any vessel of any country. 1 As is well known, however, the American Government never recognized the decisions of the Congress of Paris; it was invited to accede to these decisions, but it did not. The present American law is, therefore, exactly what our own old law was before the Congress of Paris ; it exactly embodies what we have called the rigid English -theory. Its terms are concisely laid down by perhaps its greatest authority : " The two distinct propositions that enemy's goods found on board a neutral ship may be lawfully seized as prize of war, and that the goods of a neutral found on board of an enemy's vessel were to be restored, have been explicitly incorporated into the jurisprudence of the United States, and declared by the Supreme Court to be founded in the law of nations." ,, , What, then, is the consequence of the present state of the American law 1 It is this That, English cargoes will be free on board any ship whatever; but that English ships will be searched by vessels of war and privateers for American cargoes, without check, without con» trot, and without appeal. _ , Moreover, us we last week pointed out the Americans have exempted other nations from the necessity of this search. The ships, of several other countries (cases of blockade ex sected) will be able to carry goods from New Orleans to Liverpool without fear of molestation and under the cover of express compacts, though English ships will be stopped, examined, and not improbably (considering what sort of persons are likely to fit out many of the pri- vateers) maltreated and robbed, while going side by side to the same destination. As we showed on the occasion just referred, to such an anomaly must not continue. English ships must at once be placed on an even footing with the ships of the most favored nation. According to the most recent though we as yet four uncertain intelligence the Confederate States are willing to recognise the rule that free ships i 'make free goods," and undersold jurisprudence stilled J'j(«¡[iii. iii' Ji'uj; fciij..v.uu..'u!j recognises that the goods of neutrals' are never to be seized, this (it it should be continued) is all which it is most important to us to ask from them. They will still, it is true, be continuing the barbarous and degrading practice of priva- teering, which all Europe has renounced and which the entire morality of civilization forbids; but we shall' not suffer from it much. The declaration just made, if it only have been made will sufficiently protect us. But as respects the North-,the,,1/nited States-we are still in a most unsatisfactory position ; our ships may still be stopped, searched, and scrutinized by any ship of war of theirs or any privateer which they may authorise. Such is the general law as respects commerce with America. But there is also a special branch of the subject which will practically be important-the law of blockade. The reason upon which this law is rested by jurists and was founded in fact is very' different from the reasons we have just been considering. We have been hitherto concerned with the conditions under which commerce may he carried on during a war with one of the belligerents ; we have now to consider the case when no commerce is permitted at all. A siege is one of the oldest incidents of warfare, and entails of necessity peculiar consequences. In a siege and what is called a blockade is only a sign by sea-it is a principal object to distress the besieged by cutting off their trading connections with the external world. It is advisible as far as possible, to prevent their obtaining subsistence by a commerce of import, and to prevent their earning a ? livelihood by a commerce of export. Neither the belligerent nor the neutral is to be permitted to carry on any trade by sea with the blockaded place. To a valid blockade two conditions are necessary First, that there should be an efficient blockading force. Attempts have at various times been made by various nations to throw whole countries under commercial interdict by decree. Notice has been given that the whole coast is not to be approached by the ships of neutral countries. But such decrees are contrary to the accepted law of nations and to common sense. There is no real siege, the ordinary trade of the coast in its own vessels is going on as usual, and it is pure commercial evil for commercial evil's sake to ruin the commerce carried on in the ships of neutrals. The legitimate object of a blockade is to distress the enemy by cutting off the entire trading communication, and less than this is of no use in a military sense at all. And, secondly, a blockade must not only exist in fact and reality, and not on paper only, but it must be made known to those whose commerce is to be interdicted. The most common and proper way of effecting such an object is an authentic communication to the executive governments of neutral countries. But such a notification is not absolutely necessary. If the captain of the ship can be proved in matter of fact to know of the existence of the blockade, the vessel is not permitted, to escape the ordinary penalties through any formal deficiencies in the technical communication. The penalty of a breach of blockade is the simple confiscation of ship, and, in most cases,' of the cargo.. if, therefore, the cotton ports of .t.'Jilru t'l '-i mi' the Southern States of America are blockaded by the Northern States, we trade with them at our peril. Neutral ships which are shut up in the blockaded port at the beginning of the blockade may indeed, by the courtesy of nations, be permitted to come out. But there is no other exception, If the avowed intention of the Northern President should be strictly carried out, no ship, of whatever nation, will be able to bring a bale of cot ton from New Orleans, Charleston, or Savannah. It is deeply to be wished that it may be only merchants and men of business who need think of these considerations. But it is very possible that they Mayence the attention before long of the whole nation. A squabble at sea is the most likely cause of war to a maritime nation and the present juncture is unfortunately very likely to be prolific in such squabbles. We have to do with the privateers of the South-the worst privateers, probably, that the world has ever seen; we have to do with the ships, perhaps with the privateers, also, of the North-in the days of their prosperity the most punctilious, overbearing, and contentious government which the world has ever seen, and now, in the bitter- ness of adversity and the false shame of humili- ated pride, perhaps likely to be more overbearing and contentious than ever. Salt The Melbourne correspondent of the Ballarat Star writes :-" A gentleman named Macdonald, who some time ago leased a small salt lake, near Wickliffe, gives me a very gratify- ing account of his success in the attempt to make salt. He commenced with one pan twelve , feet by eight feet, and with this he has produced from five to six tons of salt weekly. The price of the salt he makes has lately been £5 per ton, delivered on the spot, but suit has ruled higher in price than usual of late Mr. Macdonald is now in Melbourne, for the purpose of buying two more salt pans, which fact is in itself sufficient to prove the success of his enterprise. He produces every kind of salt, from the finest table and dairy suit to that of the coarsest kind, the quality being equal and the colour as good as any imported. The strength of the water is something rare as it yields, at present, after all the winter rains, no less than twenty five percent, of salt in summer it will year thirty-five per cent. Potatoes, if thrown into a bucket of this salt-water, swim like corks, which is a simple and conclusive test of its great strength, My informant also tells me that he finds nothing further needed to cure a piece of beef in cold weather than to cover it with a bucket of water from the lake. He attributes its great saltness to springs in the centre, as the waters are never dried up in summer, although the lake is quite a small one. The supply of salt may thus prove to be inexhaustible Mr Macdonald sends no salt in any market, as the squatters and roaiJo!\ts in. third ttrouncL Wickliffe consume all that he makes'. This is the way that useful wù^ru.etu.r'cs will gradually rise. amongst us not because of pralQullftu, but because they supply a want at a moderate price, But for the almost impassable state of the roads, and the heaviness of the carriage, this little in leo at Wickliffe might produce salt enough for half the colony, could it but be sent to Geelong, or Melbourne, or Ballarat, for dis- tribution,,, still a ,, ,,, i i I i' . '"'J I Plain Speaking A writer in the Sunday Times, of 31st March last, under the signature of " Warder," addresses the Rev. Charles Spurgeon in the following terms :-" I frequently meet with people who profess to be amazed at your popularity. Why should they You work hard. You have unlimited supply of tongue always at command. You never puzzle the brains of your hearers. Your sermons are well spaced. You are flippant, fam liar, and in a certain fashion, jocose. You are intolerant, dogmatic, and commonplace. You revel in judg- ments. You are precise in all the details of perdition, You have scaled the heights of heaven. You have fathomed the depths of hell. Youtulk with Satan as a man talks with his friend. You talk with the Almighty as a man talks with his friend. You are the munificent patron of the Redeemer. You are the merry playmate of the Holy Ghost. You are a wholesale and retail dealer in that famous and much sought-after article damnation. Your pulpit is a big brimstone- warehouse. You are one of the towns of the Church, addressing immortal souls in a ' Here we are sort of style. illustrious Cadger I almost adore you. The facility with which you convert brass into the is something to be admired in this age of money hunt- ing. You bring Omnipotence itself into your shop and set it up behind the counter as chief salesman. You beg and play in the same holy name-the same unholy spirit. Yon sell your blessings as the priests, of another sect used to bAI their indulgences, You are the cheap jack of the religious world and drive a roaring trade. ' So many Divine grains for so much ! A dose of damnation and a pain for so much. Here you have a poke in the ribs of the Iucfl'ablo for so much. What shall be the next article. gentlemen I I will dance a heavenly hornpipe for so much ! Jigs of grace are going at so much Here is a pair of evangelical stilts-they are going at so much The irresistible burlesque of redemption is now offered-who bid? P the devices of the devil denounced (0 so. much J Babylon exposed in a screech, of bigotry for the smallest possible can¿¡dara.tian The decrees of Salvation, discounted, at so much per cent. Dishonoured bill of conscience bought in to any amount. A case against any man's soul started, on the lowest, possible terms ! Sacred sneers by the down 1 Jibes of spiritual joy by the gross I Pay up stiff and prompt and I will pray for you 1 Pay not up, and I will cure you 19 "Whose giveth unto Spurgeon, lendeth unto the Lord ; Whoso giveth not unto r rangoon shall be given over unto the wicked, one (son lemon, the chapel is paid fear, and it belongs to my friend Jesus,' fc>\u>h, sir, is your boast one night. The way, you ' blow up your guests because the collection is a small; saw. sweep I gradations ' are in' God's name I say are your I censures'. You are' like an Irish beggar in this It respect. Qjyo \ and, no benediction can be too gracious deny I had no denunciation can be too laboring Í If you receive a donation, the promises of heaven fall from your lips. If you do not you find thcllirca'sof Jiadcs just assay!" The attention of the trade is, requested to the sale of the cargo of Choice Fat Cattle and sheep, ex" Jefkins. Nathan" and " India," which takes place at the Slaughter Yards, This ^^af°VCPMt'tll'(l Auctioned Esq Yass 