AVOCA ELECTION, The Parliamentary usage which requires that Ministers on accepting office sba!! offer tbeni- •elve* to their coastituenU for re-electioo or rejection, although in principle all that cauld be desired is yet art without tta ineonrenieneas in prswtice. It is, of course, highly desirable in tbe e*ae of a member whose position with regard to bis eonetituents is equiroad, that tber sbould be affurfed the opportunity of distinctly and unmisUkabiy prunouDciiig as to whetter tbey are satisfied with bis past course, or have faith in him for the future. Il must also be allowed that the knowledge of the fact that tbey will, if they accept offices of profit under the Crown, have to go before their constituents, mutt, to a certain extent, operate in preventing men who are either notoriously meompetait, or who hare made themselves in anV way obnoiious, from running the risk of losing their seats. But, on the other hand, it cannot be denied that it it a great hardship that a gentleman who has earned the. coafidenee ofhis conetitaents, and who is deservedly popular with the great taajority oi tbem.atoald be liable to he put to the trouble md expense of contesting an election with any nobody whom factious spite, or foolish ambition, may prompt to oppose him. Still, howerer, (be general principle is sound, and must be mahHaiped, although individual caae* may cewioiiaBf occur in which we would gladly see its operation suspended. Tbe A*oca election, which takes place today, i» a case in point. In Mr. Gixnt, tbe electors of the Avoca district have a gentleman who, while he has been their repnesenU' tire, baa conducted himself in the ifonae n a way calculated to gain respect for himself and tbe constituency that returned him—a man whose integrity of jraipoee baa nerer beat queationed—a politician of undoubted ability; and, still more rare, a thort iodependent member, hanging on the of no clique, or faction, but honestly atating his own conviction*, and eoon|^dB«!f ab&iiig; by them. Moreover, Mr. Grant waa one of the first goldfields' members, and km always been faithful to the intererta of tie mining community. But Mr. Grant bas a<%^)ted "anoffiwof profit under tb© Crown," and the inexorable conatitutiojial l to for re-eleetion,—In auch a case it '.bate been deaiable that with nooppoaitwD, and that what it, after all, in hia case, only a constitutional form, should be made *a little troublesome to him as possible. Unfortunately, however, it is competent for any one to nominate any oue else, and even for a man without a friend to nominate himself f and so as a Mr. Wilson chose to propose bitnaelf as a candidate in opposition to Mr. Grant, the country is to be put to the expense of* aham contest, and Mr. Grant to be exposed to m mud) loss of time and money, as if he liad to contend against a iono/^oppoalliOB. Of course tlr. Grant wilt be retonted, bai it u really too bad that a man, who must be aware that he has not the ghost of ft Usance, should thus abuse theprivilegcof freedoto«f election. Even if Mr. Wilson had previooaly "laidtte flattering unction to bis aoul" that he was a popular <nan, the fact of nobodtr being found willing to propose him should lure opened bis eyes, and thus havo saved bim tbeoooturoely of thd ironical cheers and "chaffing" obsorvaltons that greeted faint wben lie proposed himself as a w fit and proper pewon." Of course we write under &>» opMWaption that Mr. Wilaon, inaetOng hunedfup thus . - •« <4 riJwtfe, » bunkering ato hot ai* a» waB«« ^ w t to aeeribe hi* ^adiAttui® to iri-re e»>rsiid molirci, ami. to loci ujxm him a* the tool or poppet of a «*t«in i'la#s who care mmm for Urn pkkinf* t« ie f<* « a ffertkw thau they do for the credit of the d:Mrsct, er tbe good of the ttMiibr. It sa'cos our jwwwt purpose to tie •ttifif rf tW Ministry with whith ilr. Grant trow fUuds coan«ted; our opinions mp&irm; have »Jreadr fc*es pnHty frSrexpwwei, and if Mr. Grant had bo daiai beywsd tS^ !*« of hu- beiag a member of tbe Heal« Q&inet;, we would not give rauct fer hii chaace against any modermtelr elipMe oppewut. Bat Mr. Grant has a poiitive c;_iiD upon the constituency, • vtesn Ibuadsd upon bk paat trices and personal chancer, while opponent w idwJrt Utst*3ih Botioe; and it would at the present juncture be mitber fair nor politic to «j«ct a reiily good kmuj, at>a put its a ccmcnUty, mertlv for tie eake of embarrassing tbe Ministry. It to nnfortsanateiy km proved bv si-tuai eiperiffient that cone rf the tnorr Iiiitiaate leaden of the Howe can get a woAinf uaa asd the Hesba Minirtrv therefore to tha preecttt be aocvptea su ineriuble. Ucder these cimunsUncef, the ac«*sJoa to their ranks of ft esaii rf tbe character of Mr. Grrt be iooked upoo a» other than a matter of congratulation, sad we sincerely trust, therefore, thit no untoward orcumitaiice taay occur to inwrfexv with ha at cncc giviflfi them tbe bee Hit ^ Us u B ^ a %nA Otm worfto Mr. Gr»t*s numerous fries4a«d ulied into a false security, bat let every tie^-tor hat tea to rt<ord his vote, and tb Kcare Mr. Grant's retarn by an ovewbelmtg u»ajority 