N orroedtaIrif ts. MATRIMONY.- A clergyman, who had in the lottery of matri mony drawn a share that proved to him worse than a blank, was just experiencing a severe scold ing from his Xantippe, when he was called to unite a pair in the blessed state of wedlock. The poor priest, actuated by his own feelings and experience, rather than by a sense of his canonical duty, openedcthe book and began, ' Man that is born of a woman hath but a short time to live, and is full of trouble', &c;, repeating a part of the burial service. The astonished bridegroom exclaimed, 'Sir, sir, youmistake-I came here to be married, not buried.' 'Well!' replied the clergyman, ' if you insist on it, I am obliged to marry you, but believe me, my friend, you had better be buried.' A person looking over the cat alogue of professional gentlemen of the Nashvill Bar, with his pen cil wrote against the name of one who is of the bustling order-'has been accused of possessing great talents.' Jack Roper, seeing the accusation, immediaietly wrote under the charge-'`as been tried, and unanimously acquitted.' There is a good reason why a little man should never marry a bouncing widow.. He might be called the " widow's mite." Smoking is not without advan tages, for tobacco occasionally confers post-mortem privileges on its votaries: A. savage of the Feejee Islands informed Commo dore Wilkes that his fellow island ers had refrained from eating one sailor of a crew they had killed, ,'because he tasted too much like tobacco.' FURE ENGLIsH.-In the history of the English language these poems (Tennyson's Idylls of the King) will occupy a remiarkable place, as examples of vigorous, unaffected and almost unmixed Saxon, written at a time in which all the ordinary walks of literature are becoming rapidly vulgarized with bastard Latinity We think we can safely say, that since the definitive formation oftheEnglish language, nopoetryhas been writ ten with so small an admixture of Latin as the Idylls of the King; and, what will sound still stranger to the ears of those who have been in the habit of regarding theLatin element as essential to the majesty of poetry in Our tongue, that no language has surpassedcin epieclig nity the English of these poems. A, QUEER WILL.-Our next specimen, the will of the Earl of Pembroke, who lived in the days ofthe Commonwealth, after agood many profane jests, ,proceeds thus :-"Iteim.-I give all my deer to the Earl. of Salisbury, who I kndow will preserve them, because he dleniedt the King a* buck out of one of his own parks. Item.-I give nothing to Lord. Say, which legacy I give him, because I know he will bestow it on the poor. Itemn.--Tom May I give five shiilings; I. in tendled him more; but whoever has seen his 'History of Parlia ment,' thinks, five shillings too much. Item.-I give Lieutenant General Cromwell oneL word of mine, becaus~e hitberto he never kept his own. Item.-I give up the ghost."-Quarterly lReviecw REAL COMIFOnT.-There's a sweet touch of nature izi the following:--" I'm sorry Mr.Wil son, to see, this splendid field. of potatoes so seriously diseased," said a' sympathising~ spectator. "Oh, well, it's a, great pity," re plie4c the farmer, " but there's a. comfort-Jack Tomson's. is not ~a bit better.? A HMAD propely, constituted :can: act:0mmodate itsielf to. what ever pillows the vicissitudes. of foi~tune may place udiaer it. 