MISCELLANEOUS. Sroii.T Li'.iiS. — Flat loot can be produced in infancy when children are induced to wall; before the. bones and ligaments art1 strong enough to bear the weight, of tlie body. Parents should never be in a hurry to set children on their le^s, but let them roll and kick until they walk nf their own will. Again, at the age of fourteen, when the body is increasing rapidly in sixc and weight, weakness will often show itself by a vieldimr of tlie arch of I he foot sole, when pressure on the foot., as iu the. case, of errand- boys or young nur sery maids, is too great or too long continued. It is common anion;.; our farm laborers, who strangle all tic movements of the feet in their laced high-lows, and so accustom themselves to a sort, of stilt walking that they hardly now how to use their feet, and want the 'support'' of their work-a-day clumps when tlcy put on their Snndayshocs. There are three joints of the foot,, and of all their movements is crippled in stich high-lows as are worn by the English laborer. Men who aro so shod that thoy walk somewhat as if they had cork legs, and do not execute the proper movements of the foot, have the muscles of the leg and foot ill-developed, and the small and shapeless leg of an English agricultural laborer thus becomes a direct consequence of the make of his high-lows. ' Look,'' says Sir Charles Bell, 'at the legs of a poor Irishman travelling to the harvest with bare feet ; the thickness aud roundness of the calf show that, the foot and toes are free to permit the exercise of the muscles of the legs. Look, again, at the leg of our Knglish peasant, whose foot aud ancle aro tightly laced in a shoe with a wooden sole, and you will per ceive from the manner in which he lift, his legs that the play of the ankle, foot, and toes is lost as much as if he went on stilts; and therefore are his legs small and shapeless. We know that, according to old tradition, footmen are still judged by their calves. When they had real running to do, the development of that essential muscle of the calf was looked to as evidence of tlieir ability for footmen's service. — All the Year Hound. Piiinters* P.t.t'.s-nmiR. — Printers errata are a very numerous class of blunders, and drolleries too, when we remember what havoc a single let ter may make. We recollect the question, in the Banks' Committee Kvidenco before Parliament — ? ' How many iws[l)es were in circulation at that time?' Now and then, an accident turns out well; as, when the printer of Vincent Wing's Almanaok told his boy peevishly to insert ' any thing' in the weather column of August — ' Snow in harvest,' if he liked ; he did so, the prediction was realised, and tho almanack-maker's fortune secured. Touching literal errors, a gentleman wrote to his country servant, telling him to tak'o a card to a friend, and invite him to dinner: but the valet road ' cart,' and accordingly took tlmt ungentlemauly veliielo across the coun try for the bidden one ; and the blunder broke up the acquaintance. We remember a piece of drollery in O'Connor's ' Chronicles of Erin.' In the preface tho , reader is' told that the original MSS. on skin rolls were burnt in an accidental flro many hundred years before ; and in the work itself the curious ((re informed, that the originals aiay be seen , at the publishers'! SIaxgwng English. — There is an individual in Quincy Market, ' doing business,' who is down on customers who do not speak proper. ' Egg-i, of course,' says the dealer. ' I mean— how do they go ?' ' Go ? — where ?' * Sjio-r-w-.l' .says the customer, getting up his fury, ' .what :for eggs ?' 'Money, nioiioy, sir; or good ,endorscd credit !' says. the deader. ' Don't you understand the English .language, sjr?' says tho .gustomqr. 'Not as you mix and .mangle it, I dont!' res ponded tho egg merchant.' ' What — is — the — price^T-per— dozen— f-?r — your — eggs ?' ' Ah ! now. you talk,' said tho dealer, ' Sixteen .cents. iwu«ue«.uu! 11II.J uaui-u. Goon Temper, Good IIuMottu. Goon Nature. —-There arc three expressions in our language, whieb, beoause, tlicy refer to the kind and degree of the passion, require some explanation in this place.: — Temper, Humonr, and Kature. When used with adjective of blame and praise, temper | and buinour means nea:ly the same thing. A good-humoured person, or a good- tempered person is one in whom the intentions and notions of others do not easily excite bad passions, — who does not mistake the motives by which the rest of tlie world arc actuated towards him, A good natured person is a man of active bcnovolcncc; who seeks to give pleasure to others in little things, Good temper measures how a man is uuieu upon uy oiuer.s; goou-uuiuic measures now he acts for others. The presumption is, that the two exccllencics would be found uniformly conjoined together ;that a mail who was passively benevolent, would be actively too; but tho re verse is often the case in practice. There arc many men of invoilablc temper, who never exert themselves to do a good-natured thing.froin one end of the year to the other; nnd many in the highest de j roe. irritable, whoaio Derpo:ually em ployed in little acts of go -d nature. Anecdote of tiie Queen's Ciiii/diioop. — The ' Daily news '' biographical notice of the late Duchcss of Kent, includes an anecdotal il lustration of the habits of economy engendering in tlie training of our Queen: — 'It became known at Tunbridge Wells that the Princess (Victoria) had been unable to buy a box at a bazaar, because she had spent her money. At this bazunr ehe had bought presents for almost all her relations, and had laid out her last shil ling, when she remembered one co isin more, and and saw a box, priced half.a-erown, which would suit him. The shop people, of course, placed the box with the other purchases; but. the littlo ady's governess admonished them by saying, ' No ; you see the Prineoss has not got the money, and, therefore, of course, sho cannot buy the box.' This being perceived, the next offer ii.„ i™. i;n „,..u u ? ? „,i . LU 10, mi; um mi iu wiu.ii uc puieoiucu, and the answer was, 'Oil, well, if you will be so good as to do that ? ,' and the tiling was done On quarter-day, before seven in the morn ing, tho princess appeared on her donkey to claim her purchase. Curing a Liquor Sneak. — I havo heard a first-rate story about John Truman, late of Athens, Ga. He was stopping at a tavern up tho country, and used to loaf about the bar, and come it over other people's liquoi*. Not a glass could bo left a moment but he would slily slip up and drink its contents. One day a stage driver came in and called for a stiff horn of brandy toddy, John immediately shuffled up to the bar.- The driver knew his man, and immediately played possum by leavinghis brandy while lie stepped to tho door. Tho bait took. On returning he saw tho glass empty, anil ex claimed, with all the diabolical horror ho could afl'cct — 'Brandy and opium enough to kill forty inon j who drank the pizen ?' 'I,' stammered John, ready to yield up tho ghost with affright. 'You're a dead man,' r.aid tho driver. 'What shall I do!' bescechcd John, who thought him self a 'gono sucker.' 'Down with a pint of lamp oil, or you're a dead man in three minutes,' said the wicked driver. And down went tho lamp oil, aud up came tho brandy and opium, together with John's breakfast. The joke was told, and he never drank other peoples liquor sinco. Dr.LiouTi'urj HiiMEDY. — A rapid and em phatic recital of 'tlio following simple narrative is said to be a cure for lisping : — llobbs meets Snobbs and Nobbs; llobbs bobs to Snobbs and Nobbs ; Hobbs uobs with Snobbs and robs Nobbs fobs. 'This,' says Nobbs, 'is. the woJst of Ilobba jobs,' aud Supbbssobs, 