' MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS. GAttiiULUi ox the Iiusii B rio APii. — The fol lowing letter has been received from General Gari bnldi by an Irish .gentleman, who .wrote to ex plain that it was Popery, and not Ireland, which sent a band of misguided youths to uphold slavery in Italy. The following is the translation : — 'C-.iprera, Nov. 12, 18G0. Much esteemed Sir, — Who could ever think that your followcountry mnn won nnt- rlocfive.d when thev served the cause of the Pope under Lamori :iere ? Every one in I aly knows the heavy burden of oppres sion under which your country, as well as ours, is still gruaninff. The offspring ot ignorance and imposition— Piipacy— dwells unfortunately in the powerful with hypocrisy, and in the poor with the concomitant evils, prostitution, degradation, and misery. Albion became great and prosperous when she courageously cut off that cancer. Rome! she ceased to be grea , she con tinued to be prostrate, and still lies in that filthy sink, because tho Almighty wns pleased to visit'the queen of the world with that scourge. We pity the deceived one? of Ireland, as well as those of Italy and othe.' countries ; but we know, indeed, that the hearts of the millions in your noble country, as well as all over the globe, beat for the liberty of nations. We know but too well that, if 400 deceived y.niths were compelled to take service under the most despicable Govern ment, it was not with the consent of the brave nnd generous Irish nation, with whom we are united misfortune, and by the same foe still frowning on us. The time is not' far distant when this people will inflict the last blow to its sacrittcers nnd tyrants. In that solemn combat we shall decide, not only on our national existence, but the foun dation wiU be laid for the rising of kindred nations ; then the Italians, tegether with ' Hun garians, English, and other brothers, will joy fully and gratefully see the sons of Ireland wnom you shall lead to tho holy banquet. Affection ately and gratefully yours, G. Gakihaldi.' Military Suooestions. — 'A Practical Soldier' suggests, through the Times, to piit the present eight-foot target on wheels, to run on a tramway, and be drawn backwards and for wards by the markers in the butts, by means of a windlass, at the rate at which troaps march. The figures of men should be painted on the target. A soldier would then learn to allow the necessary elevation and depression of his rifle, as at present, a man taking nn accurate aim at a line two-depp, ad vancing at a distance of, say 800 yards, must in evitably miss it. Every sportsman le.irns how to shoot ahead of his birds, and knows that a point blank aim at a 'rocketer ' or cross shot must miss. * * The Emperor of the French exhorted his troops to use the bayonet, knowing well that it is the most effective weapon in the world; that press ing to close quarters, which brings the bayonet in;o play, must, sooner or later, decide every action. 'Pl.A T?»n»nl^ lrr»m\r wlint. overv OnA ifnnWS who has seen the rifle used in action, th it soldiers will not use the sights, and so t»:oy are removing them. I do not advise this, but I do urge thac our men be taught, not theoretically in the lec ture-room, but practically in the field, to elevate and depress their rides without u^ing the sights, which are very liabVe to get out of order. * * Are our Coastguardsmen made, are the boatmen of ourcoast encouraged, is every facility afforded to all who are willing, to learn how to serve a gun? There are hundreds of guns lying idle which might bp mounted in earth batteries at points of the coast where the landing of troops is easiest. A few guns, moderately well served, would make great havoc and confusion among boats crowded with soldiers, and we should be provided with an immediate, if only partial, de fence.' Circumstances of the Working Classes. — The improved condition of tho great msis* of the working population of this country is a frequent topic of congratulation. On all sides we hear of their full employment, their increasing wages, and to some extent of the spread of provident habits. Indeed so changed has become the position of he whole body, our manufacturing operatives in par ticular, that it is time we left off regarding them as in any sense paupers, or needing external nid. A few facts will furnish strong evidence of the ne cessity of looking at the working classes from a new point of vision. Up to November last year, the total amount of deposits in sa vings' banks amounted to the immen3e „.. ? ^r j*iq oio iof r-rwi+^iV,nf nA liv nnnrlv ' a million and a quarter of persons. Of these no less than 702,345 have invested sums under £1 each — a sure indication that tho depo sitors were pejsons in humble circumstances. A further proof that the. working clashes are not so addicted to: squander their earnings as was once the ca;c,- is found in' the fact that the mem bers of Friendly Societies who pay a certain weekly or monthly rate in order to provide a fund ngaiiis't sickness or incapacity, number 2,500,000. It is ti ue that many of these societies are mis | managed, and that others mismanage their funds ; I but making all allowances, the existence' of so I many as 22,000 separate1 '^organisations for 'collecting the, surplus earnings of our indus ' trial population, testifies strongly of their in dependent position and self-reliant ideas. But there have lately been remarkable indicn tions that the savings ot the operative classes are flowing in a new direction, which promises to alter : the relations of capital and 1-ibor. In the manu 'facturing districts co-operative societies are in [great favor. The best known of these companies ' is the Rochdale Co operative Manufacturing Sj i ciety, with a capital of £50,000, raked by weekly ' payments of one shilling per share, and uom i prising nearly 2000 members. Accordin r to the information obtained by Mr W. Chambers, co ' operative societies are in operation., in | Hull, Leeds, and all the principal 'towns of Yorkshire and Lancashire. He j has obtained statistics of thirty- or e associations either wholly at wcrk or in process of organisa tion, the investments in. which vary frqm £500 to ? £100,000, the total aggregate capital amounting t' £1,088,000. It is helieved.however, that nearly 200 societies of one kind or other are scattered throughout the United Kingdom. A great many of these joint stock companies nrs known to pay handsome, in same cases enormous dividends, to the shareholders j and «o successful have th'}' thus far proved that some twenty n-w societies, involving a nominal capital of £600.000 have been started during the present year. Tiio advantages resulting from this new element in the -? ? social life ofour working population are i...mens.;. These societies will, amongst other pood result -, help to promote economical habits, discourage ..t p^ndtureof money insensual iniJulgetn c ,;ive tho operatives a desira le independence, aim Junii-h them with practical information as to the wag s tint employers can really afford to pay. As we hiivc said, it is time that we cease to insult our working ' ? population by denling with them as objects ot «. ... oleeino-ynary aid. For the most part, it i c ar, ? ? they can afford to pay for the education' ff th? r children, and to contribute their share n sup p^iting religious institutions. Why have iduir.i tion grants for classes that are investing tin ir millions in savings' banks, or co- operative s - cieti.'S ? The working classes are learning the advantage and dignity of self-reliance in -pite of the teachings of statesmen and bureaucrats, and those a-n their best friends who recognise their independent position, and help them, if only to help themselves. — Nonconformist. SriioNO Duink. — A Parliamentary return h:s just been issued, moved for by Mr Baines, t»ho ?- - ing fir a series of years the actual or esttmutc-d consumption of spirits in the Unitefl Kingdom. The quantity consumed in the year 1852 is s-ale:l to have been 30,007,139 gallons; and the ccii sump ion has ever since been o.i tho increase in England, and that at a rate faster than the. growth of the population. But in Scotland and Ireland the consumption received a severe check in 18o4 and 1855, through a large increase in the duty on home and colonial spirits (the duty there h.ving been -..uch below the rate for England), anil the Scotch drinker had at the same lime to encounter the Forbes ? Mackenzie Act, which has made it more inconvenL-nt to ob tain spirits. The result has been thnt the con sumption in the United Kingdom in the year 18-'.9 was no more than 28,601,074 gallons, or scarce: y a gallon -a head — the quarter to which the cneiuv is considered to make its '*ay. Compared wi h 1852 the consumption in England had increas d nearly 3,000.000 gallons, that of Scotland had de creased nearly 2,000,000, and that of Ireland 2,500.000. Not, however, that these last two portions of the kingdom ar- behind England, fur while England, with its 20,000,000 of people, con sumed 17,000,000 gallons of sprits List yeu-, Scotland, with its 3,000,000 of .population, lo *k 5,000,000; nnd Ireland, -with perhaps only its 6,000,000 of inhabitants, very nearly that ? ??'—.- precise number of -gallons; so that in England we do -not 'take -quite a gallon of spirits a. yeara piece, -but Seotland drinks the deticienu»' for us, so as to bring the consumption of llu United Kingdom up to about that rate. Still, while in 1851, with a population of 2,883,742, tho . consumption of spirits in Scotland reach -A 7,0 0,894 gallons, and was still higher in the n. xt. year, in 1859, with an estimated population -.f little over 3,000,000, ' the consumption was only. , ? . 5,638,882 gallons.' Whether the balance up^n ? spirit drinking, a3 between England and Scotland, is at all redressed by a difference ir. respect of wine and malt liquors is another question ; out the spirit accounts stands as we have^tatcd. The mMit MinrwH with du'v in the United Kingdom has only risen from 51,07^,486 bushels in 1&V2; to 44.210,300 in 1853; hut little malt _ is charged with duty in Scotland and Ireland. Tho quantity ol foreign and colonial wine retained tor consumption in the United Kingdom vr 6,316,061 gallons in 1S52, and had ri.sou 6,775,992 gallons in 1859 ; what the new ' refrjs ment houses' will do time will show. The gross amount of the taxation laid on all these liquors, and on licenses to manufacture r.nd sell ibe n amounts to the enormous sum of £21,000.000 ; but that is subject to a deduction for over en.rii ?- and drawbacks on exportation or use fcr excepte 1 purposes. The return from which we have been quoting makes no mention of hops, on which h duty of above £400,000 was charged last year. — English Paper, Loud and Lady Grange.— In Mr Erskinc's annual visits to London he had attached himsc-lf to a mistress, a handsome Scotchwoman, Fanny Lindsay, who kept a cofl'iie-house about the bottom of the Haymarket. This had come to his lady's ears, and did not tend to make her U-ss outrageous. He had taken every method (o soothe her. As she loved command, he had mad.! her factor upon his estiito, and given her lUe whole management of his alfairs. When absent, Vin xirr-ntn hr-r tlin inner fliif.tnrinjr let.t.prs. nnd. what was still more flattering, lie was said, when pre sent, to have imparted secrets to her which, if disclossu, might have reached his li.'e. Siill she was unquiet, and led hin a miserable life. What was true is uncertain; fur though her out ward appearance was stormy and outr-'geou-, Lord Grange not improbably exaggerated the vio lence of her behavior to his familiar friends a.-, an apology for what he afterwards did ; tor hu alleged to them that his life was hourly in danger, and that she slept with lethal weapons under her pillow. He once showed my father a razor which he had found concealed there. Whatever miyut be the truth, he executed one or two of the l.olih-t and most violent projects that over had been at tempted since the nation was governed by la«s; for he seized his lady in his house in Edinburgh, and by main force carried her off through Stirliu ^ to the Highlands, whence, after several weeks, s.Ik- nt last landed at St. Kilda, a desolate isle in tlie Western Ocean, sixty miles distant from the L'ltig ' '''* Island. There she continued to live to the end or her days, which were not before the year 17—, in the most wretched condition, in the society nt' none but savages, and often with scanty provi-i- it of the coarsest fare, and but rarely enjoying tie , comfort of a pound of tea, which she sometime - got from slnpmasrers who accidentally called Lord Grange's accomplices in this atrocious »?? were believed to be Lord Lovat and the Laird .-f ? M'Laod.thefirstiwbeingtheinostfamouspioiti.'r i . the kingdom, and the second as equally unpiim i- . ,., pled, and the proprietor of the island of St. idl ii- :( WhAt was most extraordinary wad, that, except n r , conversation for a few weeks only, this enormous r act, committed in the midst of the metropolis -: Scotland by a person who had been Lord Jusuli elerk, was not taken ihe least notice of by any ?- her own family, or by the King's At., vocate or Solicitor, or any of the gu.u dians of the laws. Two of her sons «?«?? . grown up to manhood — her eldest daugh' i was ',he wife of tlie liarl of Kintore — who acquiesced in what they considered as a neces-n;.y act of justice for the preservation of their father' life. Nay, the Becond son was supposed to b one of the* persons who came masked to the hou- and carried her off in a chair to the place whv ? she was set on horseback. This artful m«n. t»y cant and hypocrisy, persuaded a 1 his intimu. friends that this act was neccssaiy for the preset vation of her life us well as of Ins.; and that r was only confining a mad woman in a place -: ?' s.'.fety, where she was tenderly cared for, und f. i ?'-.:? whom he professed not merely an affectionate r - .- . ... gard, but the most passionate love. It was numy . ? ; years af erwards before it was known that she nu. ' ' been sent to such a horrid place as St. Kilda ; am! ? ? it was generally believed that she was kept cum-. : v' , : .. fortably, though in confinement, in some castle in- .-.. . . - the Highlands belonging to Lovat or- M'Le- d- . ?'. Autobiography of the RdV- Dr. Alexander Carli,ni ?' ? ^ . ' Minister of Inveresk. ' ? ? '? '? ? ? :'??''- Pnoanuss or Water Gas. — This novel burniig U; fluid lias tieen practically applied to lighting :il e . ? ?' -..,;?.- Girarcl House, Philadelphia, and negotiuiiri ?? are now pending for its introduction into o'.hi- . largo American hotels.' Over the principal m': trance of il:e Girard House, jets of th.s gas full. ; . ? . nightlv the words ' water gas.' The agents, iii. now erecting water gasworks in Massachusetts. ?...-...- the exhibition of the light at the recent Mechuni . Fair in Boston having satisfied people' of its supe rio.ity. New Jersey has one set of these fin: ? ?'- works in operation, and a company has been ovjw- . ; : . , ? . r nised to establish another in Sackport, New Y-i.k . , ? ?'. ', Steps have also been taken to extend this liphr ti. ; California. The flame produced by this yas ^ ' ' -1 --' ?' - not infeinr either in quantity or quality to tlm- '?,'? ;, produced by coal gas. The principal materials - . used, in addition to water, are rosin and char- , -. coal — all attempts to burn water alone having . . '~ signally failed. While not of an inferior qu-li-y, r economy ot production is the great advantage -??.'? ? ? ? - this gas. The cost of the works for generating :u . . given quantity, the material . and the labor tir.; . . . ail much less than required for producing co-it ' : gas.'and of course the article can be offered to th:: ??-.?? consumer at reduced rates. In* Philadelphia In- .,!? -.?'?? saving effected is said to be fully r fifty per cent. :-. .-: and, in Boston, the New Engltrnd Company ini- , ?.,? . .„?,?..? dertake.to supply1 it for a little less thun one A'-)\ '-. r | '\ . lar per thousand' feet, tho cost of coal gas bt-iii'g ~'- : '' *. ' '' ' more than, double the amount. — London American. ?Mil -/SP A Reporter's Joke. — Morgan O'Sullivan, an . . Irishman, 'and a celebrated Parliamentary ie pirter, attache' to the London Morning Chronicle some fifty yeara apo, was as remarkable for his humor as his professional ability. Whenever any one offended Morgan, nr pot out of favor wiih him, he invariably retnliated in the way of s nii(- praciical joke thiit generally placed his an tiu'onist in a very ridiculous position, and at f uded the humorist satisfaction. In this way he imeo ' cot even' with two individuals at the \-- vne time who had excited his ire — namely, the eiuobratert Wilberforce, then a leading member of the Opposition in Parliament, and one Jack Fin n»rty. a Parliamentary reporter of the Morning ITnn'ild. Finnerty was fresh from Tippeiary, and quite unacquainted with the charactiristicsof the different members of the Parliament, but he re ceived a good deal of generous professional as si 'tiince at the outset of his career from Morgan O'Sulivan. Oa the occasion now referred to. Finnerty came into the reporter's gallery at a period of the night when the debates seemed to have slai kened ; he concluded to take a dozs on one of the benches, and requested his friend to wake him up if anything lively came be f ire the Hna-e. and thereupon went off to sleep. Presently Mr Wilberforce got upon his legs and I'ddressed a very thrilling speech before the House. As he progressed, a mischievous idea a-izod Morgan O'Sulliv.in, which 03 soon as Wiiberforce sat down, he proceeded to put in practice thus : — Rousing Finnur'.y from his slum ber on the benches, O'Sullivan exclaimed, ' Jack, Willierforcc has just made an extraordinary apsoch.' ' What about ?' inquired Finnerty, rub' ing his eyes. ' Aboi't the potato ; the eift-ct of it on natural vivacity, and the great vir tues of it as an article of popular diet j proved that the finest kind of men were reared on it, far Miperior to the English.' ' Wilberforce said th.it, did he ?' exclaimed Finnerty ; ' come, lot iup tnke his remarks in full from your notes.' ' With pleasure, my dear fellow,' re'plied O'Sul livan, ??ho commenced as if reading from a no e buok, whilst Finnerty sagely wrote after him in the following vein : — ' Mr Wilberforce then em phatically remarked that it always appeared to him bevo'nd question that the great cause why the Pish laboreis, as a body, were so much stronger and capable of enduring so much more fatigue than the English, arose from the surpass ing virtue of their potato.' ' That's what I call eloquence,' interrupled Jack Finnerty. Morgan resumed : ' And I have no doubt, continued Mr Will erforce, that had it been my lot to have been born and reared in Ireland, where my food would have piineipally consisted of that inestimable root, instead of licing the poor, infirm, shrivelled, and stunted crea'ure you, sir, and honorable gen tlcimn behold me, I would have been a stout, athletic, handsome man, able to carry an enormous weight.'1 ' Well done, Wilbcrforoe,' exclaimed Jack, in high glee, 'go on Morgan.' O'Sullivan ihwi pi ceedod in the same vein of pathos and V surdity, but adroitly keeping within the bounds that Finnerty's creduliiv would a willow, until hi? had placed a most whimsical speech in the mouth of the grave and earnest Wilherforce. Finnurty, wi*h many expressions ol thanks 10 his , . ., . broiher ri'poTter, started, for the Herald office. On hi* way, turning into a tavern close by the House of Commons, where a number of reporters of the difleri-nt morning papers were regaling themselves, Jack furnished them all with copies of ' Wilber tbref's speech,' and the hoax found its way jiuxt morning into every paper in London, wiih the exception of the Morni'g Chronicle, to which, j.s a matter of course, the correct report was fur nished by O'Sullivan. The public were as ounded at the extraordinary speech which, Recording to nearly every one of the papers, hid been made by Mr Wilberforce, and the general opinion was exptesseu thaths was a candidate !or Bedlam. The following evening, on the Speaker taking the cluuv, Wilbertbrce rose and claimed the indulgence of the House — ' Every honorable member,' he observed, ' has doubtless read the Kpcech which I am representedus having made on the previous night. With the permission of the Ilousi! I will lead it.' (Here the honorable gvn leman read the speech amidst the most deaf oning . roars of laughter.) ' I can assure you, honorable nwmbeip, that no one could have read this speech with more surprise than I myself did this morning, when I found the paper on the breakfast table. For myself, peisonully, I care but little about it, though, if I were capable of uttering such non henne as is here put into my mouth, it is high time that, instead of lieing a member of this House, I were an inmate of some lunatic asylum. It is for the dignity of this House tnat I feel concerned, for, if the honorablo members were capable of listening to such nonsense, supposing n.e capable of giving expression to it, it were much more appropriate to call this a theatre for the performance of f'irce than a place for the legislative deliberations of the representatives of the people.' This was only one of the many instances in which Morgan O'Sullivan paid off, to ? his heart's content, members of Parliament and other potential personages who had, in some manner or other, provoked the waggish propen sities of this incurable humorist. ??'?? A Ghostly Steward. — At the Thames Police court, on Saturdny, Captain Joseph Hossack, the master of the ship Cyclops was summoned to answer a claim for wages by a black man, named Peter Peterson. It appealed that Peterson ship ped on boari the Cyclops at Hong Kong as steward, for £5 a month. Seveial charge3 were made in answer against the steward. It was stated, by Captain Hossack, that previous to the 7th of September, the steward was slovenly, dirty, and negligent. On the 8th of September, when the ship was off he Cape of Good Hope, there was a gale of wind, and the steward wa3 missing. Evtry part of the ship was searched, but he o.ould not be discovered. It was then sup posed that he had fallen over and was drowned. An entry wai made to this effect in the ofliuinl log-book. Eighteen days after this the second mate, who was in t'-e cabin, stumbled over a mm'- feet in the durk, and upon obtaining a light discovered the steward under the table. The mate called out to the man at the helm, saying, «« Bi 1, here's the dead steward. '' Bill came to look, and was so terrified that he rushed back, and though . . . one. of the strongest men in .the ship, he went into a fit, and was ill for four days afterwards. He thought that he had seen the steward's gho«t. The Newfoundland dog, who came down at the same time with Bill, was struck vith ter ror, and ran back howling, and jumped overboard, and was drowned. Witness's ?wile and children were also . considerably alarmed, and all the ship's company demanded that he should be put in irons, which was done for a month. It turned out that the steward had been all the time in the bread locker, where he had lived concealed, but he had gone out at 1 night and procured food for himself. The locker | was in a most beastly state, and several pieces of carpet and matting which the man had taken, in with him were completely spoiled. Witness was afraid that a lever would break out among the men, so he ordered everything in the locker to be thrown overboard. All sorts ef preserved meats and oilier food were missed while the steward was concealed, but no one would have supposed that a dead steward could eat, and the officers sus pected each other. The summons was dismissed. :. ? ' ?'? It tianspired that the steward was an old offender. : - — English Paper. An Amazon.— The laird (of Bridekirk) was gone to Dumfries much to our disappointment; but, the lady capne out, and in her excess of kind- '? ness, had almost pulled Mr Jardino off his horse ; but they were obstinnte, and said they were obliged to go to Kelhead ; but they delivered up Mess John Allan to her, as they had no farther use lor him. I had never seen such a virngo as Lidy Bridekirk, not oven among the oya'er women of frestonpans. She was like a sergant ol fiot ii- women's clothe3 ; or rather like an ? overgrown coachman of a Quaker persuasion. ? ' On our peremptory refusal to alight, she darted in o the house like a hogshead down a slope, and returned instantly with a pint bottle of brandy — n Scots pint, I mean — and a stray beer glass, into ?which slip filled almost 1 bumper. After a long grncp aaid by Mr Jardine — for it was his turn now, being the third brandy bottle we had seen sihci! we left Lochmaben — she emptied it to our healths, und made the gentlemen follow her ex ! ? ? ?' ample; i-he said she would spare me as. I was so ' : .. ? ; young, but ordered a maid to bring a gingerbread cake from ihe cupboard, a luncheon of which she ' ' 'r put in my pocket. This lady was famous, even in the Annandale border, both at the bowl and in battle : she could drink a Scots pint of brandy -.?.-. J?' n eaBe - 8n-* wnen ^e men grow obstreperous ' 'in their cups, she could either put them out of . . : , doom, or to bed, as she found most convenient.— j ? ? .Autobiography of the U#t-, Dr. Alexander CarlyU,\ '???? MitiUtervfInvernh. ' « ? ?? ? - ? .? ; .-.; * ' '**? .-???-?'' Tub Working Classbs op Paris. I am now about to write of the working classes of Paris — the men in Mouses, who in time : past have been more than a match for French principalities and powers. In 1858 the population of Paris was ? 1,174.340. Galignani of this year says the recent ; additions i' has received have now increased the ' population by about 250,000 souls. Of this num ber nearly half are working people, the rest being in b'.sin'RR or living upon their incomes. There are about 80,000 servants, and 70.000 paupers; neariv 15,000 porsons arc always in the hospitals, j and four t:mrs that number pass through them in ; the course of the year. Foundlings and infirm persons are about 20.000 in all ; the population of the prisons is About 5000. The following w^s -he consumption of drinkables in Paris in 1858: — Winr. I 041.S3G hectolitres ;' fpirits, 7G.126 ; cider, 19,13(5 ; I per, 290.615 (a hectolitre contains rathci more than 22 English gallons). Thii total repre sents a very large amount of drinking. Paris con tain* 1720 restaurants, 3182 wine and liquor dealers, and 550 butchers. From an ofiicial in quiry set on foot by the Chamber of Commerce of Paris, it appears that 'he number of trades in the city is 325, carried on by 65,(100 masters, 205.000 wnr-men, nnd 112,000 women, besides 16,600 hoys, and 7700 girls. Men's salaries vary from 3 to 5 francs generally per day, only 8 per cent, receiving more, and 14 per cent, earning under 2 francs per day. Women's salaries average from 60 centimes to 3 francs per day. Apprentices generally have board and iodgintr, someiimes their washing, and iu a few canes a trifling salary The chief trades are those relating to dress, which produce annually about 210,000,000 of francs ; those of food and nourishment, 227,000,000; architectural trades, 145.000,000; furniture of every kind, '137-000,000 ; jewellery, 90,000,000 ; bionV.e trades, 20 000,000 ; basket-making and minor trades, 20.000,0 0; hats, lG,000,000; and cloves, 14,000,000. Of the manufactures in Paris or its vicinity, three belong to the Go vernment, viz., one of the Gobelins for tapestry and carpets, one for snuff and to- acco, and the third for porcelain. The first of these does not sell its produce ; but the second furnishes nearly a fifth of the snuff and tohncco consumed in the country, the sale of which amounts to 140.000,000 francs. The third, at Sevres, is rather a laboratory for useful ex ? periments in the manufacture of porcelain than a source of profit. Thei e nre 099 manufactures of haberdashery. The shawl trade counts 752 looms; the number o(maisn»s de modes is 879 ; of ready made clothes' shops, 225; stay-makers, 653 ; hat ters, 644; cabinet makers. 1915; carvers, 222; upholsterers, ;19 ; man ufacturers of paper-hang- ( ing , 141 ; looking- glasses, 120 ; bronze and gilt work, 450. The rag collectors or chiffoniers rea lise from one franc ard a half to two francs per day. Young women in shops receive tseir food, wa«hinjr, and l.-deing, and are paid from 300 to 700 francs per annum. The ordinary expenses of a journeyman is from 30 to 40 sous daily for food, and from 7 to 10 francs per month for lodgings. — National Magazine. , Canadian French. — The French of these good pnoplfi wpuld have been j\ery yigreeable if 'they would not. have called voir. savoir and croire — roar. iavuar~aniXcr-')nre, &q.; Abroad o is con stantly substituted for a — Canada is Conodo, chats are chots, and les basses classes, les bosses dosses. This not very pleasing change proceeds, I understand, from Normandy, whence most of the Canadians are descended; and other pecu liarities of the Onadiin dialect are traced to that province find to Brittany and La Vendeo, the dif ferenc beinn that here that dialect is spoken by all classes, and there only by the most unculti vated. Even well-fdueated Canadians are quite j unconscious of the difference, and a pretty young | Canadian lady once informed me, as of something quite comic, that the Parisians pretended the Canadians did iot speak the purest French. She told me this in the most regular Conodo dialect, and then appealed to me as to whether she had , the slightest provincial accent. She said she had ' once made a tour in France, and found that the . peasantry spoke a much coarser and less intelli- : gent, dialect than any in Canada, and this I could j confirm ; but I really could n)t reconcile my con science to telling her she had no provincial accent. In most colonial countries it may be noticed that the language of the higher classes, when they do notkeep up any communication with the refined so ciety and the literature of the old country, tends to degenerate ; while the peasantry, who lead a less narrow and stagnant lifis than in their original homes, lose something of their coarseness. — Travels in Canada, by H. Kohl. Steam-boat Tuavbllino on the Mississippi. — ' Oh, you must not think anything of i ,' suid my companion — a fine young American — looking down on ne, for he had the advantage of position in the upper one. ' Here in Canada they are : careful enough, though horribly slow. I can't . stand this country; they don't go a- head enough. But you come to the Mississippi; th'ie you will see something ; there you never feel yourself safe in your berth for a moment. The boats there nre j very flat and thin, and puch snags as there are on ' the Mississippi will sometimes pierce right through the bottoms of them and stab you in your bed. Then it happens sometimes th. t the steamer takes fire in a hot summer, when the woodwork is all as dry as tinder, or at the time of year when they tire all stuffed ss full as they can hold with cotton, that catches so easily, you know — and then they and ali they contain burn down to the water's edge in a few minutes. Some times, at a sudden turn, the water will run out of one boiler into the other that happens to be empty, ' and then it bursts, and then 'up you go- in the air. But the best of all is the racing— -that's the way most of the vessels in the Mississippi come to grief.' ' Good heavens ! you are drawinp a ter rible picture,' said I. ' I will never make a voy age on the Mississippi as long as I live.' ' Oh, when you are once there you forget all about it, except your imagination works itself up into a fever, and then you sleep first-r/ve on board one of those Mississippi steamers.' — Travels in Canada by M. Kohl. A Spihitualist. — Early in tho summer I Io3t one of the dearest friends I ever had, who died of a fever We had often settled it between us, that whoever should die first should appear to ! the other, and tell him the secrets of the invisible world. I walked every evening for hours in the fields and links of Prestonpans, in hopes of meet ing my friend ; but he never appeared. This dis appointment, together with the knowledge I had acquired at the logic-class, cured me of many prejudices about ghosts and hobgoblins and witches, of which till that time I stood not a little in awe. — Autobiography of the lieo Dr Alexander Carlyle, Minister, of Inverness. Anecdotes op Home. — From BlenheiTi we made tho best of our way to Warwick, where as we had been mui-h heated, and were very dusty, we threw off our boots, and washed and dressed ourselves before we walked out. John Home would not put on his boots again ; bur. in clean stockings and shoes, when he was looking at himself in the glass, and prancing about tho room in a truly poetical style, he turned short upon the boot catch who had brought in our clean boots, and finding the' fellow staring at ? him with seeming adniration, ' And am not I a pretty fellow ?' said' John. 'Ah,' says he, 'Sir,' with half a smile. 'And, who do you take me foi ?' said Jolin. ' If you binna Jamy Dunly, the Sc itch pedlar, I dinria ken wha ye are; but your ways are very likb his.' This re ply confouvided our friend not a little, ar.d he looked atill more foolish than Robertson, when Jackson told at Staines 'hat the Dissenting min ister took him for a Methodist. — Autobiography of Dr. Alexander Carlyle. 