NEWS AND NOTES. We learn by telegram that up to yester- day evening no Ministry had been formed. It was stated that Messrs Haines, O'Sha- nassy and Duffy had not been able to complete the Cabinet satisfactorily. Amongst others, the name of Mr W. C. Smith was mentioned as likely to join the new Ministry. Up to a late hour last night no intelli- gence had been received of the arrival of the English mail. About five o'clock on Monday evening a young man named Robert Martin met with a sad accident nearly opposite this office, by means of a horse belonging to Mr Michell. It appears that the horse, which was attached to a light spring cart, ran away from Mr Michell's door in Victoria street, and came up the Main road at a fear- ful pace-Martin strenuously endeavoring to pull the animal in. One of the traces got loose, and this playing about the animal's legs made it more furious. When near the gas office, the second trace broke, and the horse now being at liberty, dragged Martin out of the cart, one of the wheels of which passed over his body. He fell on his face and received a cut on the nose, and was carried in an insensible condition into the residence of Dr Hudson, who happened to be from home at the time. The police brought Dr Nicholson to visit the sufferer, who it was discovered had sus- tained concussion of the brain, which made him excitedly nervous. After some time had elapsed, he showed signs of improve- ment, and the doctor who was subsequently joined by Dr Mount, declared that there was no reason to anticipate immediate danger. A little boy who was in the cart at the time, escaped uninjured. We are in- formed that the same horse ran away in like manner last week. Last night a large and influential meeting of the railway committee was held at the George Hotel. Many important resolutions were passed, and a sub- committee appointed, to be called the vigilance committee, whose duty will be to visit the works every day until the line has been opened. The committee of the Charlie Napier Theatre met last evening, and proceeded to open the tenders for the foundation. There were twenty-four tenders sent in, and that of Messrs Finch & Gray was accepted. The tenders varied for the most part but slightly from that accepted, a great dispa- rity, however, being shown in that of the two highest. Some of the unsuccessful contractors afterwards attended, and offered to lower their contracts. The work will be commenced forthwith, and we are informed that we may consider it a fact now estab- lished that the Charlie Napier will again be built as an ornament to that part of Ballarat East where the enterprise of the late John Gibbs founded the first good theatre in the district. Dr Clendinning held an inquest on Mon- day at Sawpit Gully, on the body of Frede- rick Dwight Newport, aged 6½ years, who died on the previous day. It appears from the evidence of deceased's step-father that the child had been delicate from his birth, and had been ailing more or less for the past month. Dr Leman pronounced the cause of death to have been bronchitis of the left lung and pneumonia of the right one, with hydrothorax and pleuritic adhesion. The jury returned a verdict of death from natu- ral causes. A meeting of the members of the Turf Club will be held this evening at Bath's Hotel The Western Council have taken steps to remove the manure depot to a site about half a mile from its present position. The Court of Mines sat yesterday at Buninyong, but most of the cases on the list were settled out of Court, and one or two others were adjourned to Ballarat, as the professional gentlemen engaged did not put in an appearance. The question of a testimonial to Burke and Wills was mooted at the Western Council on Monday, when the Council expressed a desire to join in any movement for the erection of a national monument. At the Eastern Police Court on Monday, two out of three drunken ruffians, who entered the United Methodist Chapel in Peel street on Sunday night, during Divine service, and behaved in a very disreputable manner there, were sent to gaol for fourteen days each, in default of paying fines of £5 and £3 respectively. At a meeting of the committee of the Benevolent Asylum, held on Monday night in the Mining Board Room-Mr R. Lewis, the president, in the chair-on the motion of Mr Oddie the tender of Mr James Francis at £2299 was accepted for the erection of the centre portion of the original design of the asylum. The next lowest tender was that of Messrs Watts & Farr at £2385. There were about a dozen tenders sent in altogether. It was also resolved that the architect be requested to submit the names of two persons competent to act as clerk of the works, and that the building commit- tee appoint one from the number at a salary of £4 per week. There may now be seen in the shop win- dow of Messrs Gerrard & Sleep two very handsome silver medals, which are the gift of Captain Smith to the volunteers of his company for competition. We hear that Captain Smith also purposes presenting a gold medal, to be competed for by the entire corps. The locomotive engine made by Messrs Hunt & Opie, of the Victoria Foundry, for Mr Davies, the patentee and one of the officers attached to the Ballarat railway staff, is now completed for transmission to the residence of the patentee at Lal Lal. We understand that Mr Davies intends to test the action of the engine on some mile or two of railway in that neighborhood, with a view of determining its eligibility for use on the "feeders" that may connect the surround- ing towns with the trunk line. Mr David Blair, of Melbourne, will de- liver a lecture at the Mechanics' Institute this evening, his subject being "A plea for Ghosts." The subject is in some sense a re- ply to Mr Michie's lecture on the other side of "the dark side of nature," and Mr Blair's platform reputation will no doubt be suf- ficient, apart from the interesting nature of the topic to be discussed, to draw a goodly audience. The weather seems to be out of joint, and we have hail within a few weeks of Christ- mas, as great a novelty, and perhaps as pleasant as snow in harvest. On Sunday we had a hot wind in the morning, and cold rains in the evening, and on Monday the day was marked by boisterous gales and hailstorms, with an air so keenly cold as to render overcoats absolutely necessary to comfort. A nice looking bar of gold was exposed in Messrs Wittkowski's window yesterday, being 75 ozs the produce of three and a half days' crushing by the Band of Hope Company, Little Bendigo. The stone from which the gold in question was obtained was of richer qaality than ordinary, the yield being 1 oz to the ton. The Cosmopolitan Company divided £6 per share on Saturday for the week. Tbe Chairman of the Western Council and Councillor Tulloch have been appointed a deputation to act in conjunction with the other gentlemen appointed to bring the question of the speedy opening of the rail- way before the Government. The foundation stone of the English Church at Buninyong is to be laid by the Rev. Archdeacon Stretch, in whose arch- deaconry the district in question is placed. The ceremony will be followed by a soiree. Mr Bellair, of the Rainbow Hotel, has begun to build a Mason's hall adjoining his hotel, and yesterday the foundation stone was laid with certain masonic ceremonials, the proceedings comprising the equally or- thodox element of a "spread," at which mine host and his fraternal guests ate and drank success to the new enterprise. The stone was laid by Mr C. Dyte, and a bottle with documents enclosed therein was de- posited in a cavity in the stone. The hall, which is not to be for masons exclusively, but for societies generally, will measure 60 feet by 27 feet. The architect is Mr Cuthbert, and the builder Mr Hope. Among the many recent improvements in the Main Road the block of shops erected by Mr Groves is noticeable as one of the most recent and most prominent. Two of the large shops have been taken by Chinese merchants, who appear to have large stocks of the suudries usually to be found in those establishments. The new premises erected by Mr Henry Smith at the corner of Main and Victoria streets are now nearly completed, and though only one storey high are a great ornament to the spot. The cor- ner itself is distinguished by an elevated entablature, with a circular recess as if for a clock, and if a good clear dial were in- serted there it would be both an advertise- ment to the premises and a boon to the public. If, moreover, the spirit of public devotion should go the further length of an illuminated dial, the proprietors might reckon upon nightly as well as daily thanks from the passers by. At the Eastern Police Court on Monday, the man Dillon, who was apprehended on Saturday, was committed for trial on several charges of robbery from houses. The offender has only recently been released from Pentridge, where he suffered a two years' incarceration. The man of color who broke the man's leg on the cricket ground with a blow of an American axe, has been remanded by the police magistrate for eight days. Mr W. Jahn sends us the following inter- esting information :- "Permit me to draw the attention of your readers to the very interesting and rare phenomenon of the transit of the planet Mercury across the disc of the sun, which will take place this afternoon. According to White's Astrono- mical Ephemeris, the ingress will take place at 2h. 55m. Melbourne mean time ; least distance of centres 11 minutes, at 4h. 56m., and egress at 6h. 58m., invisible in Victoria. I hope that friends of astronomy will be prepared to make observations." Mr Ellery writing to the Argus says-" This pheno- menon, although of not nearly so much importance, in an astronomical point of view, as the transit of Venus, is by no means of very frequent occurrence. It last happened in 1848, when the egress only was visible in this country. The next will happen in 1868, under somewhat similar circumstances to the present transit. The following is from the Geelong Adver- tiser:--"Many persons will recollect the circumstance of a small craft leaving the Geelong wharf about a month or five weeks since-it was said at the time on a gold prospecting tour along the coast. The vessel returned on Thursday, and the captain called at this office to state that he was about organising a much larger party, and that prior to leaving again he would place us in foll possession of everything apper- taining to the prospect and locality of the new El Dorado. What the news is worth our readers, like ourselves, must patiently wait to ascertain." We have not received any particulars any more than our Geelong contemporary, but one of the party called at our office yesterday and requested us to caution the public against believing any "exaggerated reports.'' Respecting tbe new Ministry we take the following from Monday's Age :-Mr Heales waited upon His Excellency Sir Henry Barkly, at Toorak, on Saturday afternoon, and placed in his hands the resignation of himself and colleagues His Excellency ac- cepted the resignation, and the Heales Min- istry, therefore, now only retain office,-at his Excellency desire,-until their succes- sors are appointed. His Excellency, after he had received the resignation of the late Administration, communicated with Mr O'Shanassy, and we understand that that gentleman had an interview with the Go- vernor at Toorak, yesterday morning, at which he accepted the task of forming a new Ministry. The only members of the new Administration which have as yet been definitely determined on are Messrs O'Shan- assy, Haines and Duffy. The former will be Treasurer, the second Chief or Colonial Secretary, and the third President of the Board of Land and Works. It is rumored however, on pretty good authority, that Mr Cohen will fill the post of Commissioner of Trade and Customs, and Mr Chapman that of Attorney-General. For the other offices the expectants are so numerous that the new Premier, it is said, will find some diffi- culty in making a selection, but it is gene- rally believed that Dr Evans will have an opportunity of once more signalising himself by his administration of the postal depart- ment. Negotiations have been opened with Mr Nicholson, but it is not probable that this gentleman will consent to form one of the coming administration. Neither Mr Service nor Mr Francis, though both have been spoken of, are likely to be applied to. We hear that an important change is to be made in the constitution of the next Minis- try. There is to be no Chief Secretary, and the head of that department will in future be known as Colonial Secretary. This change will be made in order that the pre- miership may not be confined to the one department, but that, if considered desirable, it may devolve upon any other member of the Ministry. The City Council-chamber, on Saturday, was (says the Argus) crowded to suffocation above and below, on the occasion of the annual election of the mayor of the city. The retiring mayor took the chair shortly after twelve o'clock, and, after the confirma- tion of the minutes, invited the council to proceed to the election. A short but ani- mated discussion took place, originating with Councillor Edwards, upon the propriety of reading a list of the candidates to be voted for; and some recriminatory passages oc- curred between the mayor and Councillor Denovan, which were, at a subsequent period of the day, made the subject of re- mark. Finally the mayor ruled the sug- gestion of Councillor Edwards out of order; and scrutineers having been appointed, the council proceeded to elect a mayor. The retiring mayor announced that he was not a candidate. At the con- clusion of the hour, the result was an- nounced, as follows: - For Alderman Eades, six; for Alderman Bennett, eleven. The latter gentleman was therefore elected, and duly returned thanks. The votes were- For Alderman Eades:-Councillors Edwards, Hill, Cohen, Lyons, Wragge, and Bayles. For Alderman Bennett:-The Mayor, Al- derman Gallagher, Councillors Walsh, Har- bison, Costello, Donovan, Caple, Goldsmith, Story, Brown, and Hughes. After the new mayor had returned thanks, Alderman Eades addressed the council, and a further discussion of a very noisy character sprang up, and prolonged the sitting till past three o'clock. Before the adjournment Councillor Caple moved a resolution, expressive of the sense of the council of the heroic services of Messrs Burke, Wills, King, and Gray, in crossing the continent, and of condolence to the friends of the lamented dead. The council then adjourned, to enjoy the liberal hospitalities of the new mayor. "A report reached town yesterday," says Friday's Inglewood Advertiser, "which on the principle that what everybody says must be true, is entitled to some credence-that a nugget weighing one hundred and fifteen pounds and a few pennyweights had been found at Old Kingower. The precise locality is not stated." His Excellency Sir Henry Barkly enter- tained (says the Age) about five hundred guests at a lawn party given by him on Saturday last, at Toorak, in commemoration of the twentieth birthday of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales. The weather, though at one time threatening, ultimately proved favorable, and the several out door sports-such as archery, Aunt Sally, &c.;, which were provided for the en- tertainment of the visitors, were largely in- dulged in. Amongst the guests present were, Messrs Heales, Sullivan, Humffray and Aspinall, Dr Macadam, and the hons. G. W. Cole, and W. Hull. The efforts which had been made to ensure the enjoy- ment of his Excellency's guests were most successful, and the party was an extremely pleasant and agreeable reunion. It was re- marked and commented upon in a manner not very flattering to the absentees, that not one of the leading members of the Op- position were present. We learn from the Argus that the chal- lenge rifle-match, between ten members of the Melbourne Volunteer Artillery Com- pany and an equal number of the Colling- wood Company, came off on Saturday. The distances were 200, 300, and 400 yards. The Melbourne scored - Captain Scott, 14 points; McGregor, 13; Newman, 18; Grimwood, 15; Bottomley, 11 ; Eave, 6; Hogg, 6; Kennedy, 8; Ellis, 19: Mower, 12; and Eve, 14; making a total of 136. For Collingwood, Captain Raven scored 15 points; Bonner, 13; Campbell, 9; Dall, 13; Brown,6; Shaw; 8; Henderson, 10; Devore, 11; Swanson, 6; Cook, 10; Adamson, 10; or together a total of 111. The Melbourne Company thus won by twenty-five points. It was sug- gested that, as Captain Raven had made one point more than Captain Scott, they should each fire five rounds at 400 yards. They did so; but as it was a tie, four shots more were allowed to each. Still there was a tie; but Captain Raven missing the tenth shot, gave the match to Captain Scott. 