NEWS AND NOTES. The mail steamer Jeddo arrived at the Heads at 6 o'clock yesterday morning. The mail did not, however, reach Ballarat last night, and no English papers came to hand. The Melbourne journals contain no Euro- pean intelligence beyond that published by us on Friday. Owing to a mistake in our telegram yes- terday we were made to say that the obituary of the month contained the names of Sir John Young and the Duke of New castle. Sir John Young has been appointed Governor of New South Wales, and the Duke of Newcastle has been made a Knight of the Garter. We are informed that there is no truth in the statement that forged notes of the London Chartered Bank have been found in circulation at Castlemaine. Mr Chapman, as Crown Prosecutor, is not likely to be associated with Jeffries, and so far good. But we are of opinion that discrimination as well as mercy is a neces- sary virtue in such an officer. Two cases in the Circuit Court yesterday offered op- portunity for Mr Chapman's faculty of discrimination, and the opportunity was somewhat singularly used In the first case, a fire larceny, two prisoners were re- leased from prosecution after one had pleaded guilty, albeit it would seem the evidence against one of the liberated offenders was as convincing as that against the man who admitted his guilt. The other case was the Cricket Ground tragedy. We do not wish unnecessarily to reopen that sad and disgraceful local episode, but it is at least conclusive evidence that the Crown Prosecutor's quality of mercy is peculiarly unstrained, that the prisoner Parkes, who was acknowledged by Mr Chapman himself to be the more guilty of the two, and whose demeanor in Court was in no wise significant of feeling of any sort, should have been let off is easily as the other, who, as also the dead man, may be regarded as a victim of the second's brutality. The Judge may yet remedy what appears to be an indiscrimina- tion, depriving the action of the law of that salutary influence it should exert in a case where the measure of guilt was so obviously dissimilar as between Boadle and his second Parkes. About twelve o'clock yesterday (Friday) a serious affray took place on Golden Point or, as the celestials call it, Chinatown, be- tween two Chinese factions, which ended most disastrously for several of the comba- tants. It seems that a Chinaman was about taking his departure for Creswick in a vehicle, but for what purpose we have been unable to ascertain, when he was attacked by about 200 celestials, who threw stones sticks, and bottles from every direction of his devoted and unprotected head. One section of the celestials from the village, however, came to his rescue, when a scene that baffles all description ensued. Knives were drawn, sticks used, and ponderous looking bamboos were flourished in all direc- tions, while the most horrid yells imaginable proceeded from a hundred throats at the same time. The police, however, appeared in sight, and many of the combatants skulked away, leaving numbers of the wounded on the field of battle. Several have been stabbed severely, especially one in the breast, where a wound has been in- flicted about six inches in length. Another got a stroke of a shovel across the breast, which laid it bare for several inches. A blow from a hand-saw prostrated a third. Some of their faces are in a frightful state, and their eyes present all the appearance of a serious affray. Dr Clendinning and several medical men were sent for, and were engaged for a considerable time in dressing the wounds of the sufferers. The cause of the fight was the refusal of the Chinaman who got on the coach to pay 6s, which was won from him at gambling. Last night some of the offenders were appre- hended on warrant, and Dr Bunce gave a certificate that one of the persons assaulted was in a dangerous state. The majority of the medical men on Ballarat have been engaged on either side to depose to the injuries which the combatants have sus- tained. Some of the local magistrates bailed out the Chinamen arrested in bond to the amount of £150 respectively. The prisoners Boadle and Parkes, prin- cipal and second in the fatal fight on the Cricket Ground were enlarged yesterday on their own bond to come up when called upon for judgment, the prisoners having at counsels advice withdrawn their plea of not guilty. The midwife, Agnes Fisher, accused of the manslaughter of Mary McDonald at Sulky Gully, was acquitted at the Circuit Court yesterday, the prosecution being withdrawn at the suggestion of the Judge, who said the medical evidence exculpated the midwife, from the charge brought against her. The Circuit Court business will in all pro- bability be finished to-day. All the crim- inal business has been disposed of save the part-hearing of one case; and the nisi prius list comprises two cases only, neither of which is expected to last long. We publish the list in another colnmn. In another place we have remarked on the mercifulness of the Crown Prosecutor to- wards prisoners in the Circuit Court, but we cannot congratulate the Chief Justice on equal clemency towards jurymen. With about 36 jurymen on the panel there was one unlucky dozen kept in the box yesterday from 10 o'clock till 4 o'clock, and only one other case to try. The attempts of the in- carcerated jurors to keep themselves awake at last, during the judge's charge, were a painful study. The eyelids of one were spasmodically twitched as if in agony of very weariness from sitting so long over an opium case, another's head was bent in absolute despair of keeping up appearances, another, evidently a rustic, leaned forward with mouth half open and eyes half shut, another turned his back upon the Bench and lay his head on his hand a picture of sleepy resigna- tion, others were utterly listless, and the foreman had to jerk himself at rapid inter- vale, in order to keep himself au courant with the charge from the Bench. Mr James Smith will give readings this evening, in the Mechanics' Hall, from "David Copperfield." To those who have read that popular work of Dickens', or who have sat under Mr Smith's platform efforts, we need only make this bare announcement to secure their presence or their desire to be present this evening. It appears that several parties in the Eastern Municipality are in arms against the payment of Municipal rates ; the objec- tion being that the rates which are now claimed were due on the property when it was Crown lands, with a tenement thereon and that the land after being sold by the Crown did not come into the possession of the present owners until the persons who occu- pied it under a miner's right had removed the bondings therefrom at the end of the month when the notice for such removal had expired. Consequently the former owner who occupied the tenement, and not the purchasers of the land, were liable, and the amount cannot remain a charge on such lands after the buildings were re- moved. The Bench considered the objec- tion tangible, and dismissed one case, and postponed the others, in order that the rate collector might take legal advice. A simi- lar difficulty seems to exist in connection with premises on Crown lands, where burned down before the rates were due. Walker one of the three men charged with larceny, at the fire, of goods belonging to Messrs D. Jones and S. Abrahams, pleaded guilty at the Circuit Court yesterday, and the other two, Wilson and Weston, were not proceeded against, the Crown entering a nolle prosequi. A load of hay was yesterday sent from this district to Melbourne for sale, as the price is considerably higher in the metro- polis than here. The load was sent down by Mr Eaves as agent for a farmer named Young. This is, we believe, the first hay that has been sent from Ballarat to Mel- bourne for sale. A child named Hodge, two and a half years of age, whose parents reside near the Cemetery, was run over by a horse and cart on Friday, at the place mentioned, and had one of her arms broken, and other in- juries of a serious nature inflicted on her. The driver of the cart was apprehended, but he was going at an easy pace at the time and did not perceive the child. On the night of the 13th, some thief stole a horse and a new saddle and bridle, from the premises of Smith Brothers, Sturt street. The owners offer a reward of £5 for such information as will lead to the recovery of the animal, and the conviction of the offender. The Chinaman, who was apprehended a few mornings ago with a number of fowls in his possession, was committed at the Eastern Police Court yesterday, for nine months. Some men engaged in cutting down a tree close to the back of Mr Lynn's house in Mair street did their work so clumsily that the tree fell flat on the roof, of the house. As the tree was a very large one a great deal of damage was done, the roof having been completely beaten in by the trunk which fell across it. Some time elapsed before the superincumbent mass could be removed, and when it was, it was discovered that the roof would have to be reconstructed. The two men engaged to cut down the tree have been given into custody on a charge of wilfully destroying property. It will be seen by a letter published in another column that there is no truth in the statement that Mr Hassell is a candidate for the representation of Ballarat West. A short but savage fight took place yes- terday, in Doveton street, between a man of color and an European. The dispute ap- peared to be about some money obtained from the Police Court. The colored man received an ugly wound in the forehead, which bled freely. As another evidence of our growth and requirements we may mention the erection of a commodious brick building in Arm- strong street, Soldiers' Hill, which is to be used as a Wesleyan Church, and is now so far advanced towards completion as to have the roof placed thereon. An inquest was held by Dr Clendinning at Burrumbeet, on Friday, on the body of Charles Dowie, aged seven years, who met with his death by being run over at Miners' Rest on Wednesday evening last. The de- ceased was returning from Ballarat in com- pany with two of his brothers, and stopped opposite Mr Bell's at Miners' Rest. The other brothers, Robert and William, got off the dray, and when near Bell's door heard a noise of some one falling, and on looking round saw their brother on the ground. Just then the bollocks started, and the wheel first turned him round on his back and passed then over his stomach. He was taken up insensible, but was breathing, though he died soon after. The jury re- turned a verdict of accidental death. The return match between the Smythes- dale and Carngham Cricket Clubs will be played on the ground of the former club on Thursday next, 21st instant. The Smythes- dale team will be selected from the follow- ing:-Hamilton, Scott, Tucker, Creacy, Murray, Dyer, Postle, Hopton, Dauby, Hughes, Hughes, Cummings, and Lewis. The committee of the Ararat Hospital have resolved to exclude reporters from their meetings, and this resolve appears to have been come to in consequence of some per- sonal remarks having been reported. The Ararat Advertiser fowards us a circular on the subject, in which our "attention is drawn to this matter, not only because the Hospital, being supported by the public and subsidised by the Government, is eminently a public institution, but because the privi- lege of the press is directly involved in the question." In a leading article on the ques- tion our contemporary says:-"The com- mittee meetings will be regarded as the worst description of hole and corner meet- ings-that description which not only does not seek the light but which actually shuns it. Every act will be viewed with suspicion, as long as this state of things lasts, and the inevitable consequence will be that the in- stitution will decline in usefulness and be cramped for means." There can be no doubt that too much publicity cannot be given to the doings of a body dependent on the public, and we make no question but that the committee will see the necessity of rescinding the resolution for the exclusion of the press for their own sakes. The following telegraphic despatch is from the Argus:- "SYDNEY, Thursday.- Petitions for and against the new Tariff Bill have been presented to the Upper House. Thompson moved the consideration of the bill six months hence, but the debate on tins motion was adjourned. Cowper has resumed his seat in the Assembly, but is still unwell, A motion for a committee on the abuse of the great seal by the late Go- vernor-General has been postponed until the papers are printed. The free selection clause has been adopted in committee, after a smart contest." We learn from the Argus that Peter Duncan, the gatekeeper at the time of the accident on Sunday evening at the Union street gate on the St. Kilda and Brighton Railway, was brought before the Prahran Bench on Thursday and charged with neglect of duty, under the 55th section of the company's act, in not having opened the gate to let the train pass. The clause in question empowers any officer or agent of the company to arrest any employé "who shall wilfully, maliciously, or negligently do, or omit to do, any act whereby the life or limb of any person passing along, or being upon, such railway, or the works thereof, shall be, or might be, injured or endangered," &c.;, and "the party offending may be brought before a magis- trate; without other warrant under the act, and if the case be proved, be imprisoned, with or without hard labor, for a period not exceeding three months,'or be fined any sum not exceeding £50, and in default of pay- ment be imprisoned for a period not exceed- ing more than three months." The evidence went to show that as soon as the engine- driver saw the gate closed, he shut off steam, and attempted to stop the train, but without success, there not being suf- ficient time to pull up, as the gate was carried away, and the engine and one of the carriages went off the line. It further ap- peared that, although instructions were given by the engineer of the company to the drivers always to stop if the white flag, signifying "all clear," was not shown, the rule was by no means invariably acted upon, the engine driver of the train which met with the accident saying "that if he were to stop on all such occasions he would always be stopping." The bench considered the case proved; but as the defendant had been dismissed from his employment, and had been locked up three days in gaol, in default of bail, they did not inflict any fur- ther penalty, but discharged the man. On Thursday morning, says the Argus, at one o'clock a fire broke out in the car- penters' workshop attached to the Cremorne Gardens, at the back of the panoramic view of Palermo. An engine waa promptly des- patched from Melbourne, but on its arrival it was found that Mr Coppin had succeeded in extinguishing the flames, by employing a number of men to carry water in buckets. Several of the men of the Richmond Brigade were on the spot, but neglected to bring their engine with them. Great credit is due to Mr Coppin and Mr Rogers for the promptitude with which they extinguished the fire, for had it been allowed to spread much further, the consequences would have been serious, inasmuch as a large quantity of fireworks, &c.;, were in a building con- nected with the workshop. Fortunately the wind was blowing in an opposite direction, or "Palermo" would have been lost to the people of Melbourne. The members of the Victorian Turf Sub- scription-room, says the Argus, mustered in force on Thursday evening, the occasion being the entries for the Jockey Club Races. But in consequence of the uncertainty hang- ing over the running races on the advertised days, owing to the unfavorable state of the course, no disposition was shown to select the probable winners by any of the cognos- centi present. The occasion passed off as flatly as possible, and perhaps there was never a race meeting in immediate proxi- mity in point of time which excited less in- terest than the present. The entries re- ceived also showed a lamentable falling off from the brighter prospects aud gayer ex- pectations of by-gone years. The management of the Royal have re- vived the fashionable nights' entertainments, which they purpose presenting to the public on each Friday evening. Last night the tragedy of "Hamlet" was carefully placed on the boards, and brought forth the whole of the company. Every regard waa paid to scenery and appointments, and there was a tolerably fair house considering the attrac- tions elsewhere. The part of Hamlet was well and ably sustained by Mr Clarance Holt, and Mrs Holt made an excellent Ophelia. Mr C. Warde's impersonation of The Ghost was decidedly good, and his speech was delivered with becoming gravity and emphasis. The afterpiece was a farce, entitled "An Alarming Sacrifice,'' which went off remarkably well. This evening the drama of "Ambition,'' in six acts, will be produced. 