ESSAYS AND REVIEWS. (From the Quarterly Review.) 1\. The Education of the World. By F. Temple, D.D., Head Master of Rugby School. 2\. Bunsen's Biblical Researches. By Rowland Wil- liams, D.D., Vice-Principal, Lampctcr College. 3\. On the Study of the Evidences of Christianity. By Baden Powell, M.A., F.K.S., 'SaviUan Professor o'f Geometry, Oxford. 4\. The National Church. By H. B. Wilson, B.D., Vicar of Gieat Staughton. 5\. On the Mosaic Cosmogany. By C. W. Goodwin. »LA. 6\. Tendencies of Religious Thought in England, 1688 1750\. By Mark Pattison. B.Ï). 7\. On the Interpretation of Scripture. By Benjamin Jowett, M A , Regius Professor of Greek, Oxford. London, 1860, (Concluded.) Our readers .will anticipate tho horror with which the orthodox four—tho propugnators who stepped with many apologies out of tho ranks, urged by the greatness of the issue, to defend the vital cause of honest subscription —would have read such sentences as these. How would the conviction of absolute in- security have shaken their hearts ? how deep upon their faces would have been the indignant hue of righteous anger with which they would have repelled such an immoral paltering with subscription ! How Strange, how sadly instructive is the fact then, that the second name upon the orthodox scroll which withered up No. 90, and that which claims the pater- nity of this fourth essay, in which are provided with such a vaunting forwardness all modes of justifying dishonest subscriptions, is one and the same ! The name of H. B. Wilson, B.D., Fellow and Junior Tutor of St. John's College, on the roll of orthodoxy, of H. B. Wilson, B.D., Vicar of Great Staughton, on the scroll of latitudinarian subscription! Certainly the Rev, H, B. Wilson has great inducements to endeavour to convince all men that it is 'a strange ignoring of tho constitution of the human mind to expect the same person to be subject to not absolute and extreme ' variations of opinion at different periods of life.' This then we would entreat all who see anything attractive in these views distinctly to contemplate— that, whether right or wrong, they are essentially and completely at variance with the doctrinal teachings of the Church of England, and cannot even under the shelter of any names be advisedly maintained by honest men who hold her ministry. But beyond this, another inference of the deepest moment follows we think directly from a clear com- prehension of these views. Those who hold them are in a position in which it is impossible to remain, the theory of Mr, Jowett and his fellows is as false to philosophy as to the Church of England. More may be true, or less, but to attempt to halt where they would stop is a simple absurdity. They deny, for instance, the possibility of miracles, and so they ideologically suggest that, when it is asserted that our Lord miraculously fed the mul- titudes in the wilderness, or opened the eyes of the blind, no more is meant than that in the wilderness of this world He fed the souls of thousands with edifying moral discourses, or unsealed tho eyes of their spirit to the better contemplation of heavenly and earthly things. Now in passing just let us remark that in this, as in many other things, the latest pretentions to illumination in our own time are but a revival of notions which were broached and were condemned centuries ago ; for the same principle of explaining away the miraculous narrative was applied by tho Cathari of the middle ages.* Suppose, however, for a moment that we accept this gloss ; but if so, how can we stop with them, having dissolved these phantoms, and yet retaining what others, with more learning than they profess to have acquired, assure us need but the touch of Ithuriel's spear to manifest equally their own fallaciousness ! By what right, we again ask, does Mr. Wilson tell us that Strauss carries ideology to excess in resolving into an ideal the whole of the historical and doctrinal person of Jesus, when he himself resolves into an ideal the temptation of Jesus by Satan and the accounts of demoniacal posses- sion ? How, we ask again, is it possible to stop when once such a principle has been admitted, or why should not the 'verifying faculty ' of Voltaire or Thomas Paine be as good on authority as the same faculty when exercised by Rowland Williams ? But, again, it is not merely that once in the land of shadows all apparitions must of necessity be equipol- lent, but this treatment of miracles implies a charge of falsehood, of conscious fraud, not only against the writesr of the Gospel, but against our blessed Lord him- self. Against them, for they solemnly record as pro- fessed eye-witnesses what they must on this hypothesis have known to be untrue. Our essayists have been too clear-sighted not to discover this, and they have made some attempts to escape from the conclusion. They are such as these :-'The possibility of imagi- nation allying itself with affection should not be over- looked'-(p. ¿1). ' Good men may err in facts, be weak in memory, mingle imagination with memory' (p. 79) ; or perhaps the after-impression of his mi- racles, his transfiguration, his prophecies, and the like, maybe resolved into a result of the degree in which 'the awful figure of the Son of Man could scarcely fail, as it became dimmed by tho haze of mingled imagination and remembrance, to be at length invested by affection'-(p. 80). Miserable attempts surely are such as these to reconcile the cha- racter of the witness with the alleged falsehood of his testimony ; and jet we are not sure that they ore not better than Mr. "Jowett's passing suggestion that the youth of the world was ' pleased by marvels and had vague terrors' (p. 388) ; or than Mr. Baden Powell's view, that, miracles being physically impossible, and no ' testimony able to reach to the supernatural' (p. 107), the fact of the Evangelists having believed the miracles they record must be traced to their ignorance of physical causes : the fact, in his own words, of their not being ' unbiassed, educated, well informed individuals'-(p. 107). But this is far from all. For the more we exagge- rate the ignorance of the Evangelists, the more di- rectly do we in fact point against their Master the charge of conscious fraud. There is no escape from the conclusion ; if they were deceived, he was a deceiver. For he himself again and again appeals to these works as the proof of his own mission, and so the condemna- tion of those who rejected him. So he says, in direct answer to the question, ' Art thou he that should come, or do we look for another ? ' ' Tell John again the things that ye do hear and see ; the blind receive their sight and the lame walk, the lepers are cleansed and the deaf hear, the dead are raised up' (Matt. xi. 4,6); or, es he says again, ' Though ye believe not me, believe the works' (John x. 38) ; and again, ' I have greater witness than that of John r for the works which the Father hath given me to finish, the same works that I do bear witness of me ' f John v. 36) ; and again, ' If I had not done among them the works which none other man did, they had not had sin' (John xv. 24). There is no escape from this : if He wrought the works, the whole rationalistic scheme crumbles into dust; if He wrought not the works, claiming as He claimed to work them is the very proofs of his mission, He was, in truth, the deceiver that the chief priests declared him to be. Dr. Williams makes a miserable effort to escape from this dilemma. ' By appealing,' he says, 'to Good Works' (sic), 'however wonderful, for his witness, Christ has taught us to have faith mainly in goodness ' (p. 51) ; as if the appeal of Christ was mainly to the inherent goodness, and not to the manifest power of the works -a fallacy so utterly transparent that it is needless in exposing it to do more than enunciate its terms. Tho position of these writers, if we must except the third, who, alas ! seems to have been contented to sit down with Spinoza on the frozen mountains of a meta physical atheism, is both philosophically and reli- giously pitiable. They believe too much not to believe more, and they disbelieve too much not to disbelieve everything. They are themselves, indeed, in the posi- tion in which Dr.' Williams tauntingly depicts those amongst us who, not being absolute bigots, have yet stopped short of his own more advanced post. 'The, attitude,' he says, 'of too many English scholars be fore the Last Monster out of the Deep' (what, one vainly asks, can such words mean out of his mouth by whom a Sceptical Rationalism would seem, to be esteemed rather as an effluence from the Heavenly Truth than a Monster from the Deep ?) ' is that of the degenerate senators before Tiberius. They stand balancing terror against mutual shame. Even with those in our Universities who no longer repeat fully the required Shibboleths, the explicit view of truth ia rare. He who assents most, committing himself least to baseness, iis reckoned wisest' (p. 63). It would seem, however, that all except these Essayists them- selves, can estimate aright the position which they occupy. The vulgar American lecturer who is making a tour of blasphemy through the busy haunts of our manufacturing population writes home in ecstacy at the support of such unexpected allies. 'The Essays,' he writes,-' a book published by six very influential clergymen and one influential and learned layman of the Established Church—is a work of the greatest im portance and significance. It sets aside the old Theology entirely, and propounds the rational views " ' . See Lucas Tudeus, iii. 2, in ItibL Tattim, Lusdan., t. xv». ; .disput. inter CatUolicum et TutCilnum, °. Mi »!'. Martine il|C '? saur, v, ! " ' ' ' ' of Paine and Voltaire, with just that mixture of cloudiness which you might expect from persons who, while they see the folly of the old superstitions, yet remember that they are clergymen, and feel that' they are but partially independent and free.' We beg to call the special attention of Dr. William's to theso words. Amidst all his taunts for other 'tremblers,' his own attempts to ' assent most, com- mitting himself least to baseness,' are seen by more experienced travellers along the same road with a clearness, and are anatomically exhibited to the gazing class, if not with a skill, yet at all events with a boldness, equal to his own. ' W. aro on the eve,' continues our lecturer, exultiug in the sight, ' of a great religious revolution, But few of the high and mighty ones speak so freely as we do, but they think freely. . . . . Many of our great writers cling to the doctrines of God and of a future state, but they have no more faith in the Divine authority of tho Bible, or in the supernatural origin of Christianity, than I or you. The works of Baden Powell. . . . Professor Jowett, &c; , are doing a world of good . . . . The Oxford Essays are creating quite a sensation.The good time seems to be really drawing nigh ! ' * Now, disbelieving utterly the American writer's estimate both of the wide spread and of the future progress of his views, we cannot deny his right to claim as his allies these unhappy clergymen, and we would most earnestly call their attention to his words. Nowhere is the ' noscitur a sociis' more true than here. And they are claimed ns brethren by infidels of every shade. The only fault found with them is, that they do not follow out to the legitimate end their openly-proclaimed principles. How can they put aside this universal estimate of their position, hold alike by believers and infidels? How, with such words as these in their mouths, can they reply to the flags of truce which are sent to them by friendly mes- sengers from the infidel camp to which they are so near ? * No fair mind can close this volume without feel- ing it to be, at bottom, in direct antagonism to the whole system of popular belief. . . . In object, in spirit, and in method, no less than in general de- sign, this book is incompatible with . . . tho broad principles on which the Protestantism of Englishmen rests. The most elaborate reasoning, to provo that they are in harmony can never be any- thing but futile, and ends in becoming insincere. . . Is the crumbling edifice of orthodoxy to be supported by sweeping away the whole of its substructure, and Christian divines taught cheerfully to surrender all the most exacting criticism assails? The mass of ordinary believers may well ask to be protected from such friends as their worst and most dangerous ene- mies. Is it reasonable to suppose that at this time of day the Christian world will consent to reconsider the whole of its positions, to develop its cardinal doc- trines into new forms, and to remodel the whole struc- ture of belief upon an improved theory ? Has it been all a mistaken rendering that men have been be- lieving so long? Of one thing we may be quite sure, that the public will never be brought to believe that the Bible is full of " untruths—that it does not contain authentic or even temporary records of facts, and is a medley of late compilers, and yet withal remains the Book of Life." Yet all this our Essayists call on them to admit, &c.; The men and women around us are told that the whole scheme of Salvation has to be entirely rearranged and altered. Divine re- wards and punishments, the Fall, original sin, the vicarious penalty, and salvation by faith, are all in the natural sense of the terms, denounced as figments or exploded blunders. The Mosaic history dissolves into a mass of ill-digested legends, the Mosaic ritual into an Oriental system of priestcraft, and the Mosaic origin of the earth and man sinks amidst the rubbish of rabbinical cosmogonies.'* ' Then follows a declaration of the folly of ' forcing the simple believer to unlearn his well-conned creed for another, and to take for his old one an expurgated Bible.' It is not often that we can agree with our outspoken contemporary, least of all on matters touching the Christian faith ; but undoubtedly he is here alto- gether in the right. It is not indeed a 'neo-Christi- anity,' but it is a new religion, which our Essayists would introduce ; and they would act more rationally, more philosophically, and, we believe, less injuriously to religion, if they did as their brother unbelievers in- vite them to do, renounce the hopeless attempt at preserving Christianity without Christ, without the Holy Ghost, without a Bible, and without a Church. It, as we are assured that it is, this is the true character of their doctrine, it ought to be to all who still believe in a revelation a con- vincing proof of the duty of giving no audience to the voice of such sophistry. For, if they admit the fact of a Divine revelation, they must admit, as a necessary consequence of that fact, that the right reception of it forms a part of their spiritual trial ; and, it this be so, to answer to their spiritual trial, they must guard themselves against the first ap- proaches of everything which it can be shown tends to shake their faith in that revelation, the reception of which is so great a part of their probation. The words of our blessed Master have here an universal applici- tion (John vii. I") : 'If any man will do [orig. willeth to do] his will [the will of Him that sent me-v. 16], he shall know of the doctrine, whether it be of God.' The tenderness of early belief especially must be sheltered by those who would keep it fresh and green from the blasts which' manifestly tend to wither up its life. If, then, it can be shown to the young believer that the system offered to him, full as it is of appeals to the pride of his reason, which tend to captivate his mind, must by logical necessity end in Atheism, he is bound, as he values his salvation, not to listen to the syren's voice. The fact that his teachers halt for the present where they do, ought to be no ground of assurance to him that, if he listens to them at all, he shall stop there also. All experience shows the re- verse. Almost every successful heresiarch has been a man of blameless life, of attractive qualities, and with a firm hold of some truths from the revelation which he corrupts. In the firmness of that hold the pupil seldom fully shares. He starts from the place at which his master ends ; he carries to their legitimate conclusions his master's principles, and so the spiritual child of the Rationalist develops into the Atheist. Yet, even in saying this, we must guard ourselves from one possible mistake of our meaning. When we warn the pupil of the danger of exaggerating his master's error, it is rather to the conscious mainte- nance and avowal of error than to its infection that we look. For, deeply as we grieve to say it, never, so far as error itself is concerned, can the disciple here exceed his teacher. For what is left to be given up, save the consciousness of the abandonment? Mr. Baden Powell, if there be meaning in words, gives up the very being of a God. Mr. Wilson gives up all reality and certainty of doctrine as to God and man, here and hereafter. Dr. Rowland Williams resolves the Incarnation into a set of misty words. It is illustrated by the realisation of the Divine will in our thoughts.' It is the ' embodiment of the Divine mind' (p. 82), and he ' who abides in love, abides in God and God in him,' and so the ' Incarnation be comes purely spiritual. The Son of David by birth, is the Son of God by the Spirit of Holiness' (p. 82). The Trinity is explained through ' the identity of thought with being.' Dr. R. Williams fears that ' all this has a Sabellian or almost Brachmanical sound (p. 80). To us it has a sound purely Hegelian. But is it his real ignorance or his inability to think or to express himself clearly which makes him write thus his explanation may claim certainly some alliance, with the shadowy wordiness of the Brachmanical Triad. But there is but one point of resemblance in, it to the Sabellian heresy, and that, one which he would scarcely claim. The Sabellian has been termed a Socinian in a fog. In a fog we admit this writer to be, and, so far, to agree with Sabellius-but so far only ; for Sabellius, at all events, stated plainly a de- finite idea which he held and taught distinctly namely, that the one Godhead existed not in the three Eternal Persons, but was represented in three relations to mankind. But Dr. Rowland Williams represents no definite idea, but simply one of the evanescent shapes of an intangible cloudland. The heresy to which he seems to be the nearest is the Arian ; the formal expression of which he all but adopts in the words, 'The Divine wisdom becoming personal in the Son of Man ' (p. S9). With this denial of the fundamental articles of the Creed, it is almost needless to say again that as to the Atonement, Justification, Regeneration, and the whole work of the Divine Spirit, Dr. Williams seems to believe in nothing but words. We wish that we could set off against all this anything in Mr. Jowett's Essay which showed that he holds anything definite or positive as to these great foundations of all Christian Truth. But we cannot find it in his pages. If he does believe, in the simple and unsophisticated sense of the word, the Godhead of the Co-Eternal Son, we think it almost impossible that he should have said in this Essay what he has, and should have said no more. It may not be too late to bring these considerations before these writers themselves. Even to them the sight of the legitimate end of their course ought to be a convincing argument against the truth of their views. For they have no intention of abandoning Christianity. With some of them, no doubt the object before their own eyes, which they see as clearly as the haze cast by vanity's love of novelty, and the pride of intellect *" National Reformer," Nov. 24.1M0. *Neo-Christianity, " "Westminster Review, «0. W, allows them to see anything, is the desire to place Christianity on a better footing. Now if it -{" Í 1 -dtmonsttotid that the position they are ««v;« I to occupy with th, ir new form of Christianity is un tenable,-that to advance so far implies the necessity of advancing further.-then, so long as they profess to occupy the post of Christian teachers, Yo £ i! would add as they do indeed love Christianity L? than their speculations, they are bound to abuX these speculations, and to seek to reoccupy their«M pcsition. -Whether they will do so or not ia t.. "n¡ Í of th, ir .?iritu,l trial, k w, the conso.T of fe çnb,th ndi. to which we lately referred «¿ghi? b. ar to the convictions of every man who is c»n,hu of admitting any reasons contrary to his own mea!, «niora, the weight of nn argument «poro/hÄ demonstration ; for lu» is exactly one or'those cu« in which the accumulated weight of the bysundW judgments ought to mike a man distrust his nw. v ,ew of his own position. And there i, this accuiau la ed weight of judgment here. All unbelievers of all classes, and all believers of all shades, see plainly enough that the Essayists are simply deceiving them selves in the impossible attempt to surrender all the objective truths of Christianity and yet to retain its subjective powers. Nor is this all. The path on which they have entered is no new one. To say nothing of our old English deists, who were the true fathers of French atheism and German unbelief, the whole history of German rationalism lies open before them and they are bound as honest men to read its lessons. In Germany the same attempt has been made ; and what has been its issue? The attempt to rationalise Christianity; to remove the supernatural from that which is either a system of supernaturalism or a falsehood ; to bring down to the utterance of the voice of man's heart, and of his internal conscious- ness, that which challenges attention, because it claims to be a revelation from God of that which it had not entered and could not enter into the hem of man to conceive ;-all this has filled, as it ever must' fail. It has issued as its direct result in a widespread pantheistic atheism ; it has sent souls, wearied out with perpetual speculations, tom by distracting doubts, and feeling that they must have something certain upon which to rest the burden of their being into the deep delusions of the Roman system ; and the few who have escaped even as by fire have come back as worn and weeping penitents to the simple belief of primitive truth, the bright blessedness of which they had been seduced to forsake for the dark ness and intricacy of these now abandoned specula- tions. And this is no accidental consequence of such a course. There can be no religious system which is not founded upon definite teaching as to God, and as to His relation to us. The very name of a theology testifies to man's universal sense of this truth, even where it is held unconsciously and instinctively, and not reasoned out into a proposition. Even a false faith, if it is to be effectual at all, must rest upon a theology. To attempt to retain the Bible, as in this system is attempted, as a rule of life, as giving moral precepts; as expressing high and ennobling senti- ments ;and yet to deprive us voice of the authority of inspiration, and to silence it as to the great doc- trines of Christianity,—is to endeavour to maintain unshaken a vast and curiously constructed edifice, when you have deliberately removed all the founda- tions upon which it is built. The articles of the Christian creed are in truth as much the basis of Christian morals as of Christian faith. The creation of man in the image of God ; the supernatural gift of His indwelling presence ; the marring of that image, and the losing of that precious gift through man's rebellion ; the eternal counsels which planned, and in the fullness of time wrought out, his redemption; the Incarnation; the Cross; the Atonement; the Personal presence with the Church, of God the Holy Ghost, and His utterances through prophet and evangelist, in promise and prediction, of the redemption of the race and its restora- tion; with the new and blessed light which all these cast on man, on his life, on his death, and on his resurrection ;-in these are all the strength of the creed for moral instruction, all the sublimity of its spiritual teaching. Remove the theology, and you take away the morality. You may feed man's intellectual pride, and gratify the morbid appetite of his fancy with the husks of an empty rationalism, but you will leave him the slave of appe- tite and the bond-slave of passion ; you promise him liberty, and you make him a new and hopeless subject to vanity. To suppose that it can be otherwise is not only to contradict the experience afforded to us by every re- ligious system which ever has exercised any real con trol over man, but it is also by its very suggestion to rob man of his highest faculties. For not hereafter only, when the ransomed shall be perfected, in the full vision of God's countenance, and amidst the un created light, is the soul of man capable of commu- nion with his Maker ; but here upon earth, in spite of all his remaining infirmities, this may be his por- tion, and for this his spirit longs. The want of this is the secret of that fevered restlessness which makes, where it exists, the most fully furnished outer life so empty, and the highest intellectualism so poor. It is man's truest greatness that he can acquaint himself with God and be at peace. But for this communing with God to be real, there must be a definite revela- tion of Him after whom the soul seeks. The mists which hang around 'the Infinite' and the ' Absolute' must roll away, and manifest to the believer the re- pealed countenance of God in Christ ; the weary wrestling of the long night of empty speculation must be over, the angel of the everlasting covenant must reveal his name to the child of dust, whom He Him- self hath upheld to struggle with Him until the day break. To tell the sorely tempted soul, to whisper into the already deafening ear, when the pains of dis- solution are upon every nerve, shaking the strong man in his citadel of life, that he may perchance 'find a refuge in the bosom of the Universal Parent in the ages to come,' is only to mock the thirsty lips with the illusive water of the driest desert mirage. No, there is indeed no rest for man's spirit in anything but distinct and definite revelation as to himself and as to his God. Here, then, is one answer to the first great class of arguments by which our ' new Christians ' seek to establish their system. Their promise to reconcile Christianity with the requirements of a remorseless rationalism involves in its primary conditions an essential falsehood. Yet this one of their very chiefest arguments in favour of their system. It is probably the one which is the most attractive, and therefore the most dan- gerous, because it is that which appeals to the highest qualities of those whom they are seeking to induce to accept them as teachers. This essential falsehood is not the only fallacy with which this argument is chargeable. There is a per- petual and most delusive exaggeration of the amount of the difficulties which they profess to re- move. It is not true that the highest intellects revolt hopelessly against the old simple Christianity, and that it must either forfeit their adherence or submit to the reconstruction of the rationalist. The greatest, the most comprehensive, and the acutest intellects have received, and daily do receive, even as little children, without abatement and without doubt, the whole Christian revelation. The difficulty is create! for the solution. The patient is instructed by the tender sympathy of the would-be physician in the un suspected existence within him of a lamentable sickness, in order that he may the more readily accept the treatment offered to him. More or less this fallacy runs through every Essay. The supposed opposition between the revelations of instructed science and the written Word of God is full of this fraud. It was quite true that Christian philosophers have been too eager to invent theories to reconcile what Nature was understood to utter with what Revelation was sup- posed to declare; and that, as Nature's voice was better understood, the different theories of reconcilia- tion were, one after another, found to fail. But how could this affect the actual fact ? For a long time the astronomical theory of Copernicus was supposed to give the true law of the motions of the heavenly bo- dies. Problems were solved by it, and mysteries ex- plained. But the further discoveries of science proven the incompleteness of the theory, and it passed wholly away. But did the failure of the reconciling theory affect the motions of the heavenly bodies ? Not a whit more are the certain harmonies which exist be- tween God's voice in nature and Gods voice in reve- lation disturbed by the discovery that the particular theory which professed to exhibit their agreement has proved, on further inquiry, inadequate to the solution of the mighty problem which it promised to reduce How wide a chasm is there between such a failure in a proposed solution and the representation of our essayist, that science therefore convicts the author of the Book of Genesis of fraudulently putting forth his own speculations as the result of a revelation from on high ! For how many other and easier solutions of the sup- posed opposition between Science and Revelation might have been found if the object of the writer had been to remove and not to enhance difficulties! Here is, for instance, a sufficient answer to this whole family of objections—that the results of physical science not being tho purpose of revelation, its written record must, to be intelligible, speak the ordinary language of the time; and that all, there- fore, which can be reasonably looked for where reve- l ation touches the domain of science, is that it should not profess to instruct us concerning science, and then instruct us falsely. Tried by this rule, where is the difficulty to which our essayists so continually recur that there is any contradiction between the Bible and the science of astronomy ? Let us suppose that such an event were to happen at the present day ; and might we not ask in what other words than those of the ancient book would the Joshua of the nineteenth century cry to heaven, or the contempo rary historian record the answer given to his prayer ? Are astronomers believed to renounce their scientific creed or to propagate an imposture, every time that they speak of the phenomena of sunrise and sunset ? Undoubtedly Joshua, believing with his age in the reality of the sun's apparent motion, in the fulness of his faith in the God of Israel, called on it to stop in its course, and that call of his, in his own language, the inspired historian records as a fact, and also the marvel in the heavens above him which answered to his cry. But is not the truth of God's thus signally listening to the prayer of Faith the plain object here of the Revelation ? and is the fulness and reality of that truth one whit shaken because the standing still of the light-giving luminary upon Gibeon was accomplished by the God to whom His servant cried, by any of the thousand other modes by which His mighty power could have accomplished it, rather than by the actual suspension of the unbroken career of the motion of the heavenly bodies in their ap- pointed courses ? And it is but to apply to other cases this same principle, and their difficulties vanish. All Mr. Goodwin's cavils against the Mosaic cos mogony disappear under the same treatment. For the object of the Revelation recorded in the first chapter of Genesis was to declare, against such spécu- lations as those of Mr. Baden Powell, that the world had a beginning, and that its beginning was from the act of Creation by God. This idea pervades the whole account ; it dictates the record of the fashion- ing of the vault of heaven, strangely asserted by Mr. Goodwin to be pictured in Genesis as a solid perma nant vault ; it traces up the light of Heaven and the stars which spangle the skies to the same creative hand; it sketches majestically out the progression and order of the material creation ; and in spite of Mr. Goodwin's minute special pleading, we assert, first, that in all this there ia a marvellous agreement with the record with which the science of geology is daily furnishing us ; and, secondly, that it does in truth involve a far higher difficulty to suppose that the writer of the book of Genesis, without Divine enlightenment, rose so far above his age us to invent the cosmogony which he is hinted to have fraudulently palmed upon mankind as a revelation, than to suppose that higher discoveries of science will manifest to all the essential truthfulness of the "Mosaic account of the Creation. For an instant we must here interrupt our argu- ment, to ask how it is possible that our essayists can, as mere moralists, speak as they do with reverence, of Scripture, or of the writer of this book, whilst, at the same time-, they assert that the writer invented, and that it embalms, so monstrous a falsehood as that of claiming for ' the speculation of a Hebrew Descartes ' tho character of a Revelation from God Himself. Surely such approbation makes those who express it morally accomplices in the crime which they so lightly describe. But to return. As it is with these supposed diffi culties, so it is with all. Those supposed to be created by the alleged ' remorseless ' exposures of Scripture by criticism will as little stand a careful examination ; yet this is the stronghold of our writers' position. To examine such a question in detail would, in these pages, be manifestly impossible. But it will be well to take one or two of the leading charges, and, by sifting them, see what we may conclude the remainder to be worth. Now, in entering upon the subject of criticism wc must notice, first, a fallacy of the class we are now exposing which pervades, so far as we are aware, the whole critical portion of the volume. This consists in representing the supposed danger from which Chris tianity is to be rescued as the result of the vast increase of critical power in the present generation. The alarming question is stated thus—whether the old solutions will endure, now that such new lights are thrown upon them—whether Holy Scripture can withstand the assaults of the remorseless criticism now turned upon it—or, whether the human mind, which with Niebuhr has tasted blood in the slaughter of Livy, can be prevailed upon to abstain from falling next upon the Bible. Now all this assumes, and is intended to suggest, that the new system is no development of scepticism, but is, on the contrary, a defensive movement forced upon the faithful by the way in which criticism has suddenly turned their flank. But what is the truth ? First, as to our essayists : their whole apparatus is drawn bodily from the German Rationalists, and we may therefore transfer our inquiry as to the real source of these difficulties from our essayists to the Germans ; only first let us remark that the language of the former seems to imply that they think they may presume upon finding those for whom they write entirely ignorant of the German literature of the last hundred years. Nothing but such a state of igno- rance could justify the vaunting insolence which con- trasts Baron Bunsen and the Germans with ourselves, in such terms as these : 'Knowing these things, and writing for men who know them, he has neither the advantage in argument of unique knowledge nor o unique ignorance' (p. 68), or could have led our essayists to deal with this whole subject as if they ' had the advantage in argument of unique knowledge.' Yet so they assuredly have done ; for they quote un blushingly from these German sources arguments which every scholar acquainted with the history of German opinion knows to have been so completely refuted that they have been abandoned by those who first invented them. Nay, even further, in more than one instance criticisms have been gravely advanced as unanswerable, which the later and deeper re- searches of the critic himself have led him to retract. The same ' freedom of handling' pervades the repre- sentation they "give of the whole present state of the controversy in Germany ;for their language would lead us to believe that in that land Rationalism was now marching absolutely triumphant along its 'path. way beaming with light ;' whereas the very opposite is the case. The utter weariness of spirit which this unresting scepticism has bred in most minds of the highest order of thought ; the deep study into which it has driven the noble reactionists who have arisen there ; and the unanswerable demonstrations of the shallowness of the views lately prevalent to which it has given birth, have entirely altered the whole tone of religious feeling amongst our Teutonic brethren. But of this not one word is breathed by the eloquent essayist who, rejoicing in 'his unique knowledge,' pictures to himself his great theological hero ' drown- ing himself in the Neckar to escape the ridicule ' of his countrymen if he hud dared to occupy the ordinary position of English scholars or divines. So as to our present special point ; we should gather, as we have seen, from our essayists that rationalism was the de- vout attempt of the faithful to rescue Christianity from the fatal defeats of an unbiassed criticism, not the lately prevalent phase of scepticism seeking weapons of offence out of the critic's armoury. Yet what suggestion can possibly be less true to history ? We can but glance here ot the real parentage of the evil brood; but even a glance may suffice. We be- lieve that to our own Deists in the last century belongs the real shame of originating this attack upon the faith. Toland, and Chubb, and Bolingbroke were rationalists of no common order. They found in Vol- taire one who joyfully transplanted to the Continent tho infection of their unbelief. The little courts of Germany drew at that time their inspirations from Paris, and thus the evil was at once spread widely throughout Germany. Then came the great influence of Frederick II,, which wrought powerfully in the same direction, and so the German mind, predisposed by its lack of the great internal safeguard of a duly organised church, yielded fatally to the disease. Ger man literature having thus been tainted, its great quali- ties of labour, research, and ingenuity, as well as its great defect of a mystical self-consciousness, helped on the spreading of the evil ; until rationalism and Rome well nigh divided the religious mind of Germany, What then we really have to deal with is not an un biassed criticism threatening Christianity, and com- pelling us in self-defence to occupy some new position out the almost passive adoption by our own country- men of weapons forged in the workshops of German criticism against the faith, and seized by these new assailants with such a blind greediness that they often come to the attack with weapons which have been already shattered upon German battle-fields of theo- logical discussion. So is it in Dr. R. Williams's assaults upon the pro- phecies. Of these the first that we would notice is that drawn from that treatment of ' the later Isaiah,' which he considers ' the most brilliant portion of Bunsen's prophetical essays.' The object of this ' treatment is to show that the 53rd chapter of Isaiah contains no prophecy of the Messiah ; that according to Baron Bunsen it is no prophecy at all of any one, but an historical song of triumph over the final deliverance, after long rejection, of a contemporary prophet. The Baron thinks Jeremiah, Dr- R Williams suggests that Baruch is the more likely prophet if it be one single prophet who is designed ; but he himself prefers from 'the general analogy of the Old Testament, the oldest interpretation, and the truest,' namely that it is ' the collective Israel' which is here described. Now we greatly desire to avoid wearying our readers under this head of criticism, and we will promise to be very brief in dealing with it. But to this instance, as ex- hibiting in a striking light most of Dr. R. Williams's peculiarities, and so enabling them to judge for them- selves of his treatment of other passages, wa earnestly invite their attention. They have now the explana tion of the passage before them. We beg to notice concerning it, first, its introduction as a purely criti- cal argument, next the bold tone of positiveness which marks his assertions. ' These arguments,' he says, are no slight illustration of the historical sense of that famous chapter which in the original is a history ' (p. 73). Words which are a simple and gratuitous assumption of the whole point in question, Next, the insulting jubilations of his pæan. ' We must not,' as if this was some novel Christian gloss, ' distort the Prophets by refusing to believe that the collective Israel is here meant to prove the Divine word incar- nate, and then from the incarnation reason back to the sense of prophecy,' 'The cause of Christianity itself would be the greatest gainer if we laid aside weapons the use of which brought shame.' Lastly, we grieve to say it, the unscrupulousness of his assertions. 'If already the vast majority of the prophecies are acknowledged by our best authorities to require some such rendering in order to Christianise them, and if this acknowledgment has become uniformly stronger in proportion as learning was unfettered, the force of analogy leads us to anticipate that our Isaiah too must require a similar interpretation.' Now, bear- ing in mind these distinctive specimens of our essay- ists, we beg our readers to set side by side with them the following considerations : that Professor Heng stenberg has so completely answered every one of these points, that in the judgment of all but the most prejudiced their refutation is complete; that, as is suggested by Hengstenberg, not one sure analogous instance can be quoted in favour of the suggested per- sonification of ' the collective Israel ;' that in verse 3 the subject is spoken of by a word applied in the Hebrew language only to a person ; that in verses 10 and 12 a soul is ascribed to him ; that ' the grave ' and ' death' are used so as to imply a subject in the singular ; that the second proposition is the bare assertion of the matter to be proved; and that, so far from the objection being, as he would have us believe, suggested by a newly acquired critical power, it was one first invented by the Jews when they were pressed by Origen with the unanswerable witness borne by this chapter to our Lord as the promised Messiah : so that, instead of being the result of a colourless but more exact criticism, it was a suggestion originally conceived in the spirit of deadly hatred to Christianity, and only borrowed by the Rationalist from tho Jew. For seventeen centuries only two non-Jewish com- mentators, one a professed and total unbeliever, are known to have applied the prophecy to any but our Lord. These two conceived that, in its primary ap- plication at least, it pointed to Jeremiah. ' It was reserved,' says Professor Hengstenberg, ' for the last quarter of the last century to be the first to reject the Messianic interpretation. At a time when naturalism exercised its sway it could no longer be retained. For if this passage contains a Messianic prophecy at all, its contents offer so striking an agreement with the history of Christ that its origin cannot at all be ac- counted for in the natural way. Expedients were therefore sought for ; and these were so much the more easily to be found that the Jews had in this matter already oponed the way. All that was neces- sary was to appropriate their arguments and invest them with the semblance of solidity by means of a learned apparatus.'* We shall not load our pages with quotations to establish these several points. In Professor Heng stenberg's Christology of the Old Testament may be found as complete and exhaustive a demolition of Dr. R. Williams's whole theory as it is possible for sound learning and critical skill to effect ; and as the Eng- lish reader may study this article in Messrs. Clark's translation, we shall go no further into it ourselves. Here then we have discovered a measure of the real learning, critical acumen, and trustworthiness of the assertion of our Essayist ; and so far as he is con- cerned we do not think that with such a measure in their hands the most timid will think that Christianity has much to fear from the remorseless criticism of Dr. Williams. To one other of his criticisms only would we call attention. ' If,' he says of the Baron, ' he would fol- low our version in rendering the second Psalm, ' kiss the Son," he knows that Hebrew idiom convinced even Jerome the true meaning was " worship purely," ' The passage of St. Jerome referred to is in his answer to Ruffinus, where he is defending himself against attacks on his translation and commentary. The objection was, that he had translated the words commonly ren- dered ' kiss the Son,' by the words ' worship purely.' Hís reply is, that, the ' kiss ' being the kiss of adora- tion, and the Hebrew Bar capable of either rendering (filius, or purus), he, to avoid being understood grossly ('putide'), had used a lawful liberty of translation. ' How, then,' he asks, ' does it hurt the faith of the Church, if the reader be taught in how many ways one verse of Hebrew may be explained ?* Yet in the face of this clear declaration, and though St. Jerome translates verses 6, 7, and 8 according to the ordinary rendering, which points, as clearly as language can express it, directly to our Lord, Dr. Williams asserts that ' even Jerome, convinced by the Hebrew idiom,' thus gave up the Messianic interpretation of the Psalm. We trust that the discovery of these gross critical misstatements will have no tendency to induce Dr. Williams to ' drown himself in the Neckar,' or in any other river ; but we certainly think that they must deprive his critical objections to the Bible of any weight -whatever with all who are capable of forming a right judgment upon unquestionable evidence. This censure, however, must not be limited to Dr. R. Williams. We should rather say that bo blinded are the whole party, through their love of naturalism, to the plainest rules of fair critical inquiry, that he is but a type of the rest—ex uno disce omnes. What else can account for the Professor of Greek in the University of Oxford venturing to use such words as these ?-' No one would interpret Scripture as many do, but for certain previous suppositions with which we come to the perusal of it. " There can be no error in the Word of God ;" therefore the failure of a prophecy is never admitted, in spite of Scripture and of history ' (Jer. xxxvi. 30 ; Isaiah xxiii. ; Amos vii. 10-17)-(p. 343). He does not consider that so much as one word is necessary to establish the truth of his statement. He seems to expect that no one will refer to the passages that he has bracketed, or that all will be too ignorant to know the utter groundlessness of his assumption. If there are in the whole Scripture two past prophecies which were signally and remark- ably fulfilled, they are the two first which he has se- lected as instances to be dropped down -without a remark of the failure of Scripture prophecies. And as to the third passage, surely it implies an ' incuria ' which might be deemed ' crassa ' to have asserted that it contained an instance of the non-fulfilment of prophecy; for it implies that Mr. Jowett has read the verses to which he refers with so little attention as not to have discovered that the prediction which failed of its fulfilment was no utterance of Amos, but was the message of Amaziah, the priest of Bethel, in which he falsely attributes to Amos words he had not spoken. Surely such slips as these are as discredit- able to a scholar as to a divine. Example -the argu- ment runs, more or less, through all, that we in our present enlightened condition should not now accept the Gospel as it was accepted by those to whom it was first preached. This is advanced sometimes, as by Dr, Temple, to bear out his notion of the growth of the colossal man ; sometimes to invalidate miracles ; sometimes the value of all external evidence : and yet, parallel with this assertion, appear everywhere two others absolutely destructive of it, namely, that all real evidence for a revelation must be moral, and that we are those who are capable of comprehending moral evidence. What shall we say of the mere literary worth of a volume full of such inaccurate criticisms, and such loose philosophy ? But this is Mr. Jowett's mode of dealing with the Bible. Thus, by way of proof of the inaccuracy with which, in a passage we have already quoted, he charges the Evangelists, ho lets fall quite casually the following list of errors : 'One' (Evangelist) 'supposes the original dwelling place of our Lord's parents to have been Bethlehem ;* another Nazareth.f They trace His genealogy in different ways. One mentions the thieves' blasphemy; another has preserved to after ages the record of the penitent thief. They appear to differ about the day and hour of the crucifixion,' &c.; (p. 340) Now to every one of these objections a complete answer has long been given, and may be found in the com- monest critical and exegetical writers. It is imposs ible to suppose Mr. Jowett ignorant of these solutions ; and yet how can we absolve him from ignorance without finding him guilty of the far graver fault of gross critical unfairness—of suggesting as acknow- ledged discrepancies, variations in the common narra- tive which he knew admitted of the easiest reconcile ment? This is surely a most serious charge. It affects the fairness, the depth, the scholarship, the philosophy—everything in a word which could consti- tute the authority of the whole volume. There is not bo far as we know, one new argument, objection, or difficulty contained in it ; nor one, however confi WIÏÎAS''-1' ^ E.W.Hcùg6.ten*.er.. * H'eronymus adv. Ruffinum, i.,' 19. " Matt. ii. 1-2Î, + Luke jj, i. dently it is used as unanswerable, which has not been answered repeatedly and completely. Nothing has astonished us more than the shallowness and staleness of its sophistical suggestions of doubt. There is, with a somewhat obtrusive display of learning, nn audacity in accumulating even paltry difficulties which have been long since explained; and laying again trains of German doubts which even the last generation saw exploded,—which speaks in the clearest tones of the shallow philosophy and indifferent scho larship of the writers. Dr. Rowland Williams's Hebrew objections are those of a mere tyro in the language; and Mr. Jowett's New Testament difficul- ties are continually such as might be answered by scholars read in"'no deeper learning' than the ' Family Expositor ' of Dr Doddridge, or the Commen- tary of Matthew Henry. Take only one of these last as an example : who is so ignorant as not to know that the reconciliation of his exaggerated difficulty about the two thieves is ' solved at once' by the simple suggestion that, as regards them, the one Evangelist records the beginning of this crucifixion, when both ' cast the same in his teeth :' the other the later stage, when one had been brought to a penitent belief by the patience, love, and power which he witnessed in the Crucified Redeemer. Here then we leave the critical argument, merely suggesting this as the probable cause way no general refutation of the Essays has yet appeared, that they are in fact but a stringing somewhat loosely together of the current and already abundantly repelled objec- tions and fallacies of German rationalism. There is but one other argument in favour of their system with which we need trouble our readers. It is that which continually reappears throughout the volume, the impossibility of believing in a miracle. Now this impossibility is rested upon two grounds : the first of theory ; the second, as it is alleged, of experience. First, it is suggested that it is inconsistent with an enlightened Theism to suppose nn All-Wise and Almighty Being, who could need to interfere by inter- ruptions and suspensions with His own creation. We simply ask by way of rejoinder, Why is it so ? Sup- posing for an instant that the visible creation around us was framed to be the dwelling-place and realm of such a reasonable creature as we know man to be ; and that-for the very purpose of preventing his fall- ing under the power of outward things, through the power which they would naturally gain over him from his daily seeing instances of what seems the iron law of their unbroken order-occasional or periodic sus- pension of that order were a part of the plan on which the universe is governed,-who shall dare to say that there is in such a marvellous arrangement any dis- paragement of the wisdom, power, or love of Him who laid the foundations of the earth, and it abideth ? The second argument lays down that, through the great advonco of physical science, we are now able to say that there exists in all nature's wonders an un- broken and undeviating series of causes and effects ; from which follows the inevitable conclusion that no interruption of that eternal order could ever have been possible. Now, we admit that for the absolute Atheist this argument possesses considerable weight. Such an one has his own difficulties ; difficulties into which we will not now enter, but which are so insurmount- able that those of revelation sink into nothing when compared with them. But, for any position short of Atheism, the argument seems to us to offer as shelter whatever. For, once grant that there was at any epoch whatever of this series of causes and effects a Creator and a Creation, and the whole argument breaks down. If Will called matter out of non existence into existence, if Will began by its Almighty fiat the whole order of causes and effects from which wo reason, then there is no force whatever in the argument which from its existence would infer its necessary immutability. For, fix the beginning of the series where you please, the existence of that on which we trace the law of order stamped is itself the greatest of all miracles. He who then interfered may interfere at any other point in the series, and, before we can pronounce that He has not and will not do so, we must be able to comprehend all His ways, and to fathom all the secret purposes of His all-wise but often most mysterious will. We see, then, nothing contrary to right reason ia admitting the possibility of the mysterious inter- ference of the Maker with his work ; nor in admitting the alleged fact of any actual miracle upon such evidence as would be sufficient to establish beyond doubt any other alleged fact. The answer to the canons, by which, as we have . said above, these writers seek to set aside the predic- tive power of prophecy, is nearly the same, The in- dwelling of Prophecy in the Church, on the orthodox view, is the presence with its daily life, of, and the impenetiation of its whole being by, a miraculous power. In it. God, who ' might have spoken by a voice from Heaven, used instead the Prophets' organs to address His words to men. Thus there has ever, doubtless, been about very many of the pro- phetic utterances that moral and spiritual comment upon the events then happening, to which our Essay- ists would limit their lunction. But beyond this moral office there was also, we maintain, in them, from God's immediate revelation, a predictive power. The proof of this rests on the applicability to what claims to be such prediction, of such criteria as these ; -That the prophecies were definite, and so incapable of the accidental fulfilment which has, ere now, ob- tained credit for ambiguous oracles ; that they were such declarations of the future as could not have been the mere results of man's natural sagacity forecasting the probable issue of events ; and then that, not being thus capable of being simply human guesses or fore castings, they should be certainly and with distinct- ness fulfilled. Now, that predictions which satisfy these required criteria pervade the Old and New Testament, we hold to be capable of the easiest proof. Such prophecies as those ot the destruction of Jerusalem by the Romans and the scattering of the Jews ; such "prophecies as those which foretell the suffering and triumphant Messiah, and the spread of the Church, are alone sufficient to satisfy all these requirements. What, then, in the face of this positive proof, becomes of the canons and doubts by which our Essayists would set them aside ? Why should such words have only a single mean- ing ? Why, for example, should not a type, which is only acted prophecy, have been appointed by God, first to bring to the mind of the Hebrew worshipper , through visible sacrifices the truth that without shedding of blood was no remission, and then to reach on and show to the Christian that, from the first, the offering of Christ's blood upon the Cross had been the as yet only darkly-revealed counsel of God for man's redemption ? If "this be true of a type or acted pro- phecy, why not of spoken prophecy ? How is it against God's truth or God's wisdom that the prophecy should have received a first fulfilment in some event which happened to the Jews, and its full accomplish- ment in the Christian covenant ? And if, thus ex- amined, the first canon falls, the second falls with it ; nor is the third of any greater force. For the true strength of the prophecy lies not in its being the ex- pression of the human instrument through which it is delivered, but of the Divine mind which is revealing it. The human instruments might be, more or less, con- scious of the full meaning of his words ; because it is not his meaning, but the meaning of God who speaks through him, which gives to the prophecy its essential character. From which it follows that we do not, as the essayists suggest that we do, when we read these double meanings, place ourselves behind the prophecy, and, paltering unfaithfully with words, draw from them a sense they wtre not intended to bear, but, by faith, we place God as the true speaker behind the words spoken, and receive as their truest meaning what He meant by them, whether the man who actually delivered them to us knew or did not know the message which he gave. So that here as to prophecy, as before with regard to miracle, the assumed difficulties of these writers vanish utterly away so soon as we examine closely into their real worth. Wonderful indeed it would be, if constant experience had not taught us the fact, that men so incredulous as to real and well-attested marvels should be so credulous as to unreal and mere apparent wonders ; and that Baron Bunsen should disbelieve in the predictions of the prophecies of Scripture, and yet believe in the existence of ' foresight by vision of particulars, or a kind of clairvoyance as a natural gift' (p. 70). Yet so it is. Unbelief, with all its boasts of bravery and freedom, is the most credulous weak- ness to which the human understanding can be bowed. So much then for this book, and but one word more as to its authors ; as to their present position, and the probable effect of their theories. We have felt bound to express distinctly our conviction that, hold- ing their views, they cannot, consistently with moral honesty, maintain their posts as clergymen of the Established Church. We see more danger in the shape of widespread suspicion and distrust likely to anse from their continuance as teachers of that Church, whilst clearly disbelieving her doctrines, than from their lucubrations themselves. They may indeed-especially those who are charged with the education of the young, by their cruel use of the art of suggestion, and by venturing on such, matters as these,-be able, "spargere voces ambiguas,' to sow doubts of minds which but for them would never have been haunted by such spectral shapes, and to shake the foundations of what might have been built up into a finn belief: they may incur the awful guilt ' of placing stumbling-blocks in the way of unwary feef, and destroying the weak brother for whom Christ died : but we cannot believe that they will exert any wide-spread influence in tho Church of our land, or amongst our people. The English mind is too calm, too sound, too essentially honest to be widely or deeply affected by such speculations as these -and more especially from such mouths. The flittering appeal which they make to unassisted human reason, and the gratificatirn which they afford to the natural pride of the human heart, may win for them a certain lollowing, but the great body of Church of England men will stand aloof from them. Three of the Bishops (Winchester, St. David's, and Oxford), representing in some measure different schools of thought within the Church, have, we observe, already spoken out plainh in condemnation of them. The Bishop of St. David's, in his letter to Dr. Williams, which for tem- per, wit, acutencss. fairness, and sound learning is well nigh a perfect specimen of what Christian controversy ought to be, is led to announce, in language which none who have read it will forget, the opinion which a long and deep acquaintance with German theology has led him to form on the value of rationalistic criti- cism. All the schools, then, of theological opinion amongst us are opposed to the Essayists. On the one side stand in their way the recent growth of higher views of the authority of the Church and a juster value of all the great dogmas of the Catholic faith ; on the other, the fact that the special points assailed by them ore those which are the dearest to the school which hns been least affected by the Church movement, such as the doctrines of original sin, justification by faith, and, above all, that of the Atonement. It may be that He whose attribute it is to bring good out of evil may, through this assault upon the common doctrines of the faith, draw together minds which have hitherto been far too widely separated, and heal divisions in which is atthis moment the main danger of the Church of this country. The thunder-cloud which, with its electric presence, has stirred up into unusual activity these buzzing interrupters of our peace, may thus burst upon our land in a refreshing shower of precious and invigorating influences. Here we gladly leave the Essayists and their Essays ; but before we conclude we wish to say a very few words on that momentous subject of inspiration, on which, as we said at first, is the brunt of their whole attack. It is a favourite mode of assault with all who wish to lower the authority of inspiration to require those who believe in it to define with exactness wherein it consists : ' Where,' they ask, ' is your own theory of inspiration ?-either admit ours, or substitute another. This finding fault with what is proposed, and yet proposing no substitute, is the very helplessness of a miserable obstructiveness.' Now this w e entirely deny. We maintain that this craving for ' a theory of inspiration ' is itself a part of the disease we have to treat. In this sense of the word, Holy Scripture has never laid down any theory of in- spiration ; the Church has never propounded one ; and there are plain, and we think sufficient reasons, for this reticence. A doctrine concerning inspira'ion indeed thnt Word does contain, and that doctrine the Church Cathelic received at first, and according _ to her office has guarded ever since. But this doctrine which Holy Scripture distinctly asserts concerning itself, which the Church has always repeated, and which has satisfied believers of the deepest thought and of the most commanding powers of reason, is really inconsistent with any such theory of inspira- tion as the sceptic desires. For what does Holy Scripture claim to be ? The Word of God, ' The oracles of God '-Qeópvevstoc*-God-breathed ; and what must this imply ? Surely that there is a mighty and mysterious presence of God in this His Word. This is why there is so great a difficulty in saying in all cases whether, when ' the Word of God is spoken of in its pages, it is the Incarnate Word or the written word which ia designed. For as the In- carnate Word, the divine Aóyos, the Word who was in the beginning with God, is to all created being, even, it seems, to the angelic hierarchy, in whom it exists in its highest and purest form, the coming forth of the unapproachable glory of the Everlasting Father, so the written Word is the manifestation to man of the selfsame hidden glory of the Father. Thus there is a divine presence in the Word ; and even as in the Word Incarnate there is a true union of the divinity with the manhood, both natures being uncommingled, though both eternally united in the person of the Son, even so in the written Word there are present ever- more the human element and the divine, each acting according to the perfect law of its own nature, neither interfering with the other. The Divinity, restraining or enlarging its communications, as is required for the perfectness of God's revelation of Himself, never annihilating humanity, nor ever giving possible place for the entrance into the Revelation which is the pwper subject of the divine acting, of that infirmity, error, or corruption, which are natural to man save In so far as the presence of the Higher Power holds him up and keeps him free from their dominion. So much God's Word declares : bo much the Church has received : so much every faithful man believes. But, if curiosity seeks for further insight, or captiousness begins to question, or. unbelief to stumble,-if the flesh asks to have the di- viding line between the operation of the Divine'and the Human in the inspired Word marked sharply out soas to meet all objections and answer all questions ! if it asks, that is to say, for such a perfect ' theory of inspiration' as the rationalist craves,—the answer must be the same as if ' the same temper sought to criticise the great doctrine of the Incarnation itself ; namely, that no perfect theory is possible unless we could first fathom the infinite and reduce to definite proportions the hidden nature of the unfathomable Godhead. So that the fact, that in this great gift, of the written Word there is that which defies the philosophic skill which would have a perfect theory tor everything, so far from being a presumption against its truth, is an argument for it. So far as we can cenceive, a written revelation must for man be communicated through man, whilst it must, for its knowledge of much, for the certain accuracy of all, the revelation, depend upon God as the revealor. There must, therefore, be combined in it the action of the two natures ; and if the two natures are both present and both in action, it must be beyond our power to have a perfect theory for that which is thus the united action of two powers,-seeing that of the higher of those powers we know only what has been revealed to us, and as to its law and mode in combin- ing its action with the lower nature (which we do know), since nothing has been revealed to us, we can know nothing. The spirit which raises these difficulties, and prompts the asking of these questions, is the very spirit which, working with the subtilty of the scholas- tic temper, framed and fashioned for the Sacrament of the Eucharist the unwarranted and dangerous logical hypothesis of transubstantiation. In that Sacrament, as m the written Word, the early Church believed simply, with ourselves, that God was present. But questions arose. How was He present ? what were the Hmits of the presence, its mode, its consequences ? w here was it possible to draw the sharp line between the elemental matter and the presence of Deity ? Un- happily, a large portion of the Church listened to the tempting whisper, that by logical definition it might satisfy questions which piety never would have asked, and reverential wisdom never would have endeavoured to answer. The sad result ought to be a lesson to us here : and to teach us that we are surrounded by mys- teries of God's presence and working, which reveal themselves sufficiently to satisfy a humble faith of their undoubted reality ; but which are impenetrable barriers against that proud curiosity which evermore leads men on to seek to be as gods, knowing good and evil. * 2 Tim. iii. 16. 