SPAIN RESURGENT. (From the hation.) Several historians of the modern scientific school Jbave adopted a theory to the effect that the rise, progress, decay, and resurrection of nations .are determined by a prevailing law, immutable as. that which regulates the movements in the material universe, and those of the celestial spheres; that, like the latter, their progress is cyclic, and subject to a continuous series of de terminate vicissitudes, involving — after loDg ^periods of darkness, weakness, and decay — others of regenerated life^ power and predominance ; that, in a word, each nation has been ordained a periodic movement, during which it is, so to speak, nearer the sun, when its life developes in summer-like potency and splendour; that, then, giving place to another, it relapses into a con dition analogous to winter — only, however, to re ?ume, at a successive period, its state of antece \- dent expansion and brightness. This theory of periodic development^ is indeed, to some extent . verified by the history of great peoples, ancient and modern, to each of whom Providence seems '. to have allotted a particular mission dependant on the genius of race, and the circumstances of the * age. ? The Carthagenian discovers the west of ?: : Europe and commercialises its coasts ; the Roman subjugates and moulds its barbarian elements; the Arab conquest, barbaric in its appearance, not only intended to indoctrinate the west with 'the science of the east, but eventually served to | unify and strengthen the Christian spirit which -: eventuated in the Crusades ; while midiJIe-oged ? Italy, reproducing the republican principle of ? government, and progressing in manufacture and trade, established, for the time, that intellectual supremacy in art and literature which rendered her influence temporary, and succedent, identical * with that of ancient Greece. The rise and pro gress of Spain arose, firstly, from the discovery of the Cape route to India ; secondly, from that of the Transatlantic world. The geographical position and material resources of England ' ' united, led to her subsequent development as a ' ' maritime, manufacturing, and colonising State. But though for half a century the power thus resulting has secured her progress unimpeded, and given her the command of the ocean, other States, France and Russia among them, have been steadily augmenting their strength, and preparing to compete with her in the race of national and maritime supremary, which the late movements in Italy, and the late developments of Spain will, no doubt, rapidly consummate in a participation on their part of the commercial dominion she has so long monopolised. Above all other European countries, however, Spain, both from her position, extent, resources, the character ot her population, and the extraordi nary though silent progress which she has achieved of years, appear destined ultimately to become the most formidable maritime and colonial rival of Great Britain ; indeed, should her future development keep pace with that effected during the last decade, another will see no small part of her antecedent greatness res tored ; and should her population increase, as to inevitably would under the conditions created by commercial expansion, in tbe same rate as that it England, a century may witness her restored of that position of mundane supremacy and glory which reached its meridian in the reign of Philip That such anticipations are far from groundless, may be briefly illustrated by the progress made by Spain during the last ten years — a progress ' second only to that effected by England — and by considering that she possesses more ample ele ments of material development than any Euro pean country. Firstly, we may observe that the Iberian Peninsula is nearly three and a half times larger than England and Wales ; that although one-half this great area is capable of eulture, it still remains uncultivated ; and while tbe resources of England and France have been worked up to the highest pitch, those of Spain, agricultural mineral, remain for the most part idle and fallow. Again, she possesses fifteen hundred miles of sea coast, many safe .ind extensive har bours, two hundred and thirty rivers, seven of the largest of which are natural highroads to com merce between the provinces of the interior and the shore towns of tbe Atlantic and Mediterranean. Such natural advantages form the basis of com mercial power ; while tbe climate of the region which ranges from that of tbe tropic to the coldest . line of tbe temperate zone produces in lavish abundance of fruits, cereals, herbs, and arbourage ?f Asia, as well as of Southern and of Northern Europe. During the forty-six years between 1815 and tbe present, her population has in creasd from twelve to eighteen millions; and should ber advance in this— the first element of national power — proceed in the same ratio under ; -the stimulus produced by material, industrial, ' and commercial development, the Spanish nation a century hence will have reached tbe vast aggre gate of fifty-seven millions. No less rapid and extraordinary has been her advance in trade, which, despite the want of internal communica \\. lion and the influence of a retrogade tariff, ban quadrupled within ten years — the imports and , : exporis, which in 1850 amounted merely to UJ v millions, having arisen in I860 to upwards ot { 40 millions. Of this sum more than a million and a half has been derived from the mineral wealth with which her mountainous regions— sine- tenths of which remain unworked — abound. . Spain's mining capacities, indeed, are still what -:?? ' they were in the Phoenician times— greater and ; more various than these of any European country. ''? /? Swedish iron, necessary for ber fleets, is the only V nietal she imports largely, while it is noticeable -'? teat the government have lately laid a protective duty on native minerals, with the object of render ing the country independent, of foreign States in the contingency of war. Want of communica tion has been hitherto tbe great obstruction to Spanish progress ; and her railroad system is even still in nucleo. '.' In I860, however, seven teen lines were already constructed, on ten of wbicb the traffic is so large as to realise a profit per mile equal to half of that accruing from the London and South Coast Railway — the most lucrative line in the world. Lastly, as regards her navy and army — the first at present consists of three liners and fourteen frigates, but several new vessels are in progress of construction, while those at sea are manned by a race of sailors who, for staunchness and heroism, prored themselves, as history shows, far superior to those of France during the last war. At present the army con sists, we believe, of. about 150,000 men ; but large augmentations have been made in this department since the termination of the Morocco war ; while it is only necessary to state that with a conscription system in action among a popula of eighteen millions, tbe Government possess tbe means of rendering its proportions, in any crisis, truly formidable. For tbe rest, we may add that all those institutions which tend to develop in dustry, commerce, and civilization have been rapidly multiplied of late years in Spain; her ministers have made strenuous and successful efforts to develop trade ; the cotton manufacture, for which Catalonia was once famous, is again flourishing; her vineTgrowing districts, as was rendered evident during the vineyard blight in France, are capable of any amount of production ; her shipping, both in number and tonnage, ex hibits a large increase ; and, while her debt is but three million, her revenue has already reached nineteen, and is in excess over expenditure. Such is tbe advance recently made by Spain, a country which for more than a century has he come a mere diplomatic tradition ; and just at the period that her national life, strength, and ambition have been re-awakened, tbe disruption of the American Uuion has taken place— an event calculated still further to lead to he national ex pansion, and which at tbe same time that i* has rendered Cuba secure, has led Spain to resume her control over Elispaniila. Tbe fact of Mexico, Nicaragua, and that rich district along and southward of the' gulf being held by a Spanish race, likewise presents a natural basis for ex tending ber dominion over those regions ; while to their populations, whose retrograde condition is chiefly attributable to the chronic state of revolution in which they bave existed since they were declared independent, no more fortunate circumstance could occur than that of being placed once more under the control of a strong government. The late war in Morrocco, con ducted by O'Donnell, has once more evoked the long dormant chivalry of the Gotho-Celts of Iberia; but the latest advices inform us that that brilliant campaign is not about to terminate in a mere series of profitless victories, as wa find that the Madrid Government are about to repay them selves for the expenses of the war by tb^ seizure and occupation of Tetuan, which it is proposed to colonise in the Algerian fashion, and render impregnable. As the possession of this impor tant position, fronting Gibraltar, would tnabte Spain and ber maritime allies, in tbe event ot a war, to command the entrance of the Mediter ranean, tbe project is certain to meet with tbe most strenuous oposition on the part of England, whose commerce would be thus jeopardised. Time only can determine the events to which this circumstance will give rise. The possession of the Atlantic gate of the Mediterranean by any power or powers would prove, we need scarcely say, still more important, in its bearing on the Eastern question, than that of thf Dardanelles. A letter from Kome says: — On the eve of the festival of St. Peter and St. Paul, there was a curious ceremony at the Vatican ; ii was the pay ment of tribute, and took place in the presence of a Cardinal, and of all the members of the reverend Apostolic Chamber. All these dignitaries assembled, the persons from whom tribute is due as rent for concessions formerly granted by the Papacy were called in successively. Thus, the Borghese tamily was summoned, and presented a silver dish ; the Piombino tamily, two gold ducats ; Princess Mary Bonaparte, 1 lb. of wax for the estate of Castro Laviano, which she purchased in 1856 ; the Marquis de Lajatico and the Marquis Campaua, each 21b. of wax; the Cliigi family, a silver basin; the Colonna, a gold p)X and two silver coins ; Prince Torlonia, 6 lb. of wax for the estate of Capomente, ceded to Duke J. Torlonia by Prince Poniaiowski. Among the very numerous tributaries summoned by^ the reverend Apostolic Chamber were the Princes of Parma, who owe an annual sum of 9,000 gold crowns, but since 1730 have not paid anything. The tribute, which uow amounts to 11,000,0001'. in French money, without interest, is considered by tho Pontifical Government as rightfully due. One ot the names called sounded very strange, being Victor Emmanuel, King of Sardinia ! Hia Majewty owes a chalice for the Principality of Masseran. The payment was a'ways made by the Kings of Sardinia up to the time of Victor Emmanuel, but he has never paid it. Every year his name is called, and the question is asked as to him or his represen tative being present. No answer being given his name is recorded, he is censured, and is declared to have forfeited the Principality of Masseran.' A Novel Cbbtifioatji. — A rector, a few miles from Colchester, sent the following document in answer to a recent application for a certificate of birth, by one of his parishioners :?— ' Mary, daughter of ? f born a child ol Wrath, April 24th, 1801 :-^Born again of Water and the Holy Ghost, May 25th, 1S01.' —jEssex Telegraph. The Morning Pout states that Lord Campbell died enormously wealthy, haying in his profession and in office ?ooumuUted full £200,000. 