MELBOURNE NEWS. (Argus.) The Acclimatisation Society are about to com- mence work in earnest. At a large meeting of the council of. the society, held yesterday, Colonel Anderson in the chair, it was decided to call for tenders to fence in the portion of the Royal Park set apart for acclimatisation pur- poses; (Herald.) Ministers do not, we understand, intend, on the assembling of the House, to come prepared with any statement with regard to their general financial policy. On the contrary, they intend to submit' two bills,-their District Councils and their Ciul Service Bill,-and to await the decision of the House with respect to them before they frame their, estimates. If their policy^ with regard to these bills is affirmed, then their intention is to frame their estimates in accordance with that policy,-the former, as we understand, involving the throwing of the greater part, if not the whole, of the expenditure of the country districts on the District Councils, and the latter fixing the rate at which the salaries of the officials are to be sche duled on the estimates. They will then ask for. an adjournment of the House for. two or three weeks, in order to the preparation of their esti mates, : and will, on its reassembling, procced steadily with' them. This, of course, goes on the; assumption that there will be no vote, of want of confidence, of which we. do not hear that.there is the least likelihood. ' . . . (Age.) ; . An alteration of a very satisfactory character liaslately been madein the judicial arrangements of the Supreme Court. It has been decidejl tbi\t henceforth all the Equity business shall be taken by llis Honor Mr. Justice Moleswbrth, to whom it is-understood that the administration of the divorce suits under the new Act will also be en trusted. The hearings of the latter class of cases will shortly,be commenced, but the-precise date we have not heard. In connection with this sub ject we may mention that the fittings of the new Insolvent Court-in Lonsdale- street are being, steadily proceeded with, and that the transference of the :business may be expected to take place in the course of a month. ' The building will afford, when the alterations are completed,-much more' accommodation than either of the present Supreme Courts, and will therefore be animthensc improvement upon the present confined and un comfortable structure. At the City Police Court yesterday morning, Harriet Morgan, a respectably-dressed youngj woman but of easy -virtue, was charged with stenl-' ing a gold hunting watch and chain, from the person of Thomas Smith a . broker of Brunswick. The case was ,rather peculiar, since, although the prosecutor persisted.he knew exactly what lie was doing, and all that occurred at the time of the robbery, nevertheless the prisoner was, according to his account, able to.abstract a watch and chain from his waistcoat pocket without his being aware of her doing it. His statement was that he met the prisoner on Saturday evening, in Swanston street^ and accompanied her to an hotel to have a glass of wine. 'Whilst in a room at the hotel together, he stated that she removed the watch from his waistcoat' pocket without his knowing anything about it. The prisoner's own statement was that the prosecutor having no money about him, which was proved to be correct, gave her the ?watch. The prosecutor denied that, but,admitted; that lie was in a comparative "state of beer."' The only additional evidence was that of the con-, stable who arrested the prisoner, and the pawn broker to whom she took the watch for . sale.' After some deliberation the Bench committed the prisoner for trial, accepting bail.' ' 1 ' ;We are informed on good : authority that the Hon. George Coppin will shortly vacate his seat' in :the Legislative Council in favor of Mr. Haines, and that m the event of the. translation of, tliej latter gentleman to the Upper House,' Mr. Michie will be put forward aa a candidate for the repre sentation of Portland. . ' . ' ? ' THE MORNINGTON ELECTION:-There is evi dence of a design on the part of the Age to mislead the public with respect to certain proceedings of an illegal character alleged to have taken place at Schnapper Point and other polling places, at the .electoral district of Mornington-Mr. Caple in j the first instance, and now Mr.. P. Costello are .openly accused ofhaving despatched.a hired hand iof personators in. the interest of "Mr. Cha'pnian, and it is further intimated that sixty suits- of clothes were forwarded with them to Schnapper jPoint and Dromana, the better to further the de ception- contemplated upon the Returning Offieer .and the ballot-box. We are told, however, that the Government, imagining from.-the.despatch of a steamer on an'excursion trip, to Schnapper Point 'on Sunday, that some demonstration of a, more. ;than ordinary character was about to be made Jn ?the interest of their opponent, despatched a num ber/of police to Schnapper, Point, .with special in-, structious to take into custody i any person at-: tempting personation. Whatever Mr. Costello's intentions may have been, or whatever the dis positions of the persons who- were forwarded by the steamer from Melbourne, . assuming the Age's statement to be correct, it is: a veiy1 noteworthy circumstance that we have only the. record of one person having been arrested for the offence of personation. , How there could possibly he twenty or thirty.'or even'five flagrant cases brought under fhe notice of the Returning Officer without the. culprits'being-handed over to.tlie custody of the police, is, therefore, a matter for explanation by the Returning Officer or the police authorities, who cannot be said to have been :in league, with . the perpetrators of these alleged . illegalities. It is still further worthy of notice that the entire num ber' of electors who polled jfor Mr. Chapman at' both Schnapper Point and Dromana amounts only to 89, whilst some-two hundred lawless ruffians are possitively asserted to have been despatched, with suits of clothes of all sorts, sizes, and conditions for their use. "We have no hesitation' in affirming ~ that the statement, as a whole, is most unfounde'1, and was but a mere trick of the enemy, to deceive' their opponents. To this extent did the ruse work that the Ministerial Association concentrated their efforts entirely in ; a locality where it was well known that Mr. Chapman had not the slightest" possible cliance-of gaining any advantage over his: rival, and left more dangerous' and vulnerable posjtions wholly undefended. A glance at the returns' will ;show that whilst Mri Bal.combe'was defending an impregnable position at Schnapper Poirit he neglected the defence, of Dandenong, Cranbourrie find Corilla, where, if the truth must.be, told, Mr". Caple and his party quietly concentrated; their strength', laughing in their sleeves, at the trick they had so successfully played off against their opponents.-Geelong Advertiser. ON THE MINISTERIAL POLICY and its chance of success, the Ovens Constitution has the following: -" "What, then, remains but the system of occu pation ? This we regard as the experhnenhim cruris, upon which the present Ministry have staked their reputation and their existence. As we" have formerly maintained, it involves a prin ciple the recognition of which will virtually settle the land question once and for ever. If admitted and legalised, this license system will dispose of the squatters' rights in a very numninry way, and will provide for^the settlement of the country, under .the simplest and, as we think, the most practicable form possible. If the Ministry have the "pluck " to defend their own policy in this matter, and to move the.House to accept their construction of the Xiand Act, then'we conceive this will really he the point upon which their fate will depend, and by which it will be determined whether they shall give way to others or not." THE LODDON.—We are informed that floods on. the Loddon, accompanied with considerable loss to the farmers and others on its banks, may be looked for. Yesterday the river was higher than it has been for some time, and was rising every hour. The rain that is falling at the time of writing must swell the stream, and make matters worse than at present.—M.A..Mail. THE SCHOOLMASTER AIIROAD.-Judging from a circumstance which occurred in the Insolvent Court yesterday, it is high time that the school master was abroad among some of the adults in the colony. An, insolvent was, being closely examined as to the date at which he transacted certain business, but was unable to say what month followed January. "Christmas Day," he knew, " was in December, and only came once in a year;" but although several times questioned by the Court, he' maintained his ignorance ' of there being such a month as February, and it was found impossible to binil him down to any exact period.-Argus... s BAMJAIMT EAILWAT.-It is stated by the 33nl-i larat journals, on semi-official: authority, that the; railway between Geelong; and Ballarat will t he opened throughout towards the close of: the pre sent year.-Argus. I A GHOST STORY.-The following, which we print nearly in the' ijisisnima verba in which" it was linnded to our reporter, may servo as a Melbourne parallel to the famous ghost story of Cock-lane: Last Saturday night, about midnight, two -women (one of whom is the wife of a servant in one of our public institutions), were awakened from their slumbers by a very loud and unusual noise, in the backyard. Tlicy at first supposed it to be caused by some person trying to effect art entrance, but; as it continued without cessation, they summoned' courage enough to get up and ascertain what it was. On looting out of the window they could see nothing, but 011 opening the door, they saw the body, legs, and tail of an apparently headless animal, black and monstrous, moving rapidly about, and making a noise horrid enough to awake the dead. The apparition, bad a great long neck, and somewhat resembled a cat, but the trembling women could not make out tliii,vestige of, a head. No sooner was the door opened than it moved to-, wards it, and so terrified the women that they slammed the door iu its face, and sought refuge in bed. The apparition, however, continued to make a most horrible noise, right under the window, apparently trying to open it. Tlie women, there fore, got up again, and being quite unable to sleep, watched in a front room until daybreak. They then ventured to have another look at the cause of their alarm ; when, lo and behold! it. proved to be an unfortunate cat, whose head, by some mis chance, had become encased in an old lobster-tin, and whose frantic efforts to relieve herself of so uncomfortable a head-dress"' had occasioned , tlio peculiar noise they heard in the yard. Tliey at, once delivered poor Puss from her trouble, and sat down to enjoy a good laugh at their last nights terrors.-Argus. , TIIE NEW ZDAI.AND Goi.DFiEiiDs,-In a.private letter, dated the 7th instant (not intended for publication) to a friend in~town, "John Gillies, Esq., SherifF of Duriedin, makes the'following re marks respecting, the goldfields of that settlement. Mr. Gillies' son was the author of the account of a trip to the new goldfields which we quoted a few. days ago from thc Lylllctoii TimesAll the accounts from these fields are encouraging; The: quantity of gold that has come to Dunedin is up- ' wards of 3,000 ounces, but it is .well known that-? double that quantity is in; the hands of the diggers1 on the field. Both -! and 1 are at the dig gings. Their party have sent in upwards of six |H>unds weight. Sonie parties are making from' -CI2 to £20 per man-per.diem. All are making jjodd wages. There is a large' extent of country apparently aurifertnis. ' There'; are now, it is said, about 1,500 , men: on; the ground, chiefly: Otago men, but diggers are beginning to, flock "from other parts. If the diggings progress at any thing like the rate they have hitherto: done;'a complete revo lution will be created in matters here.-' TUB EMIGRATION . TO . ;OTAGO, >WC .(Abgils) ?egret to state, goes on somewhat too briskly. The steamship Oscar carried away nearly 250 miners,. I few days agoand the OnicOjAvhich-'only,'arrived rom New Zealand on Tuesday, is already-filled up.. n the steerage, and almost so in the cabin,, for- her return voyage. - A large number of-sailing vessels ; liave sailed, or are on the berth, including some rery large clipper¥,':-which'will call at .Otago on their way j-ound the Horn or to . Callao. The liggers now on the way to the new field aire mostly representatives of working parties, who' go out to irospect the new field, with a view to report its :liaracter.to their mates, and to return if their iiopes are disappointed. All -the other goldfields seem to contribute to the rush, and more diggers, swag on back and pipe in mouth, are now parad ng the streets of .Melbourne than have been seeu icre since the; rush to the Snowy Eiver. A LATE . CANDIDATE, TOR PARLIAMENTARY HONORS at Castlemaine has been discovered to be ' nsane. The Advertiser ofyesterday-describes his lppearance before the magistrates of that town, < in Wednesday last, as ibllows " Michael Cassidy was charged \yith being of unsound mind. This was the individual .lately a candidate for legisla- : tive honors. 'Unarresting constable stated that' ivhen he arrested him be was addressing an! imaginary audience. His impression was, that he ' ivas in Parliament. Latterly he bad been drinking. 1 Mr. Paynter, defended him, and said he thought lie had already recovered, arid that his insanity was only of a'temporary'nature; the result of drinking.-- The Bench remanded the defendant for ( forty-eight, hours,: for medical attendance. At a subsequent period Dr. M'Grath came into court, : and gave it decidedly as his opinion that the defendant'wasinsane." ? > '.??? SCIDATTERSVAND FARMERS': ^COMMONS.-It is. satisfactory to find that in. some districts at least the law is observed by those whose duty it is to: administer it, and that, unlike the recent decision : of the Geelong Bench on "a similar subject, the Bench at Steiglitz have adjudicated-in accordance with the Act and the clearly expressed intention; of the Legislature. At Steiglitz a squatter has ' been proceeded against and; fined-for depasturing ' sheep on the Farmers' Commons at the Anakies. The correspondent of the Geeloiu* Advertiser, thus reports the caseIn the Police'Court,: held to day at Woodloclc, Carroll and > others," holders of farmers' licenses to depasture-horses .and -cattle ,on_ the Anakies Farmers' Common, appeared against Simon F. Staughton for depasturing a flock of about 1,000 sheep' on the said; common without being entitled todo so:' Defendant, admitted running sheep' upon " the' common," 'arid urgetl life was iutitled to do so, it being .part of the run leased by him from the' Crown. The Bench gave judgment against defendant,'imposing'! fine of £5, with costs £3 12s..6d.;? upon which he lodged an appeal to the General Sessions."-Age. NEW INSOI/VENT.-T-^VC observe ? (says; the :4j*<?) thiit Mr. Everard, stock :and share broker, of this city, has filed his,'schedule.,His, liabilities, are stated at £4,177 2s. 3d., and' assets at £300 14s., leaving a deficiency of £3,870 8s. 3d. -Should, therefore, Mr.,Ey,erard be "elected for North Gijips Land, as will mobt 'probably.be;'the case, he will be unable to take !liis seat.1 Mr. Everard, how ever, was proposed ;as .a candidate for the repre sentation, Qf' this district Vvithout.'either his know ledge or coiisent.! *It is stated that Mr. 'Everard's insolvency is idue' to the .; disappearance of Mr. Barclay, and the consequent involved condition of several of the M'aldon mining companies. THE '. EXPI.ORING- ? EXPEDITION. - Despatches were: received ryesterday;by. Dr. Macadam, Hon orary . Secretary . of.the Exploration Committee, fi'omiMr.. A; "\V;.: Howitt, the leader of the expedi tion. in!search ofV;Mr. Burke's party. The news contained, is ..not ?of striking importance. They mention the fact thit 'two camels have been seen, and that they have sent men out to search for ? them, but beydrid that/'no other news is given. The expedition wasj' at'the time of the despatch of the communication, stationed at Menindie.-Age. RICII QUARTZ ;AT KINGOWER.'-ft was reported on Itiglewood yesterday that a reef of extraordi nary richness had been discovered within a short distance, of ,Kingower,' near the Mount Korong road, and that it had.been rushed for over a mile. One person stated that the discoverers were getting more gold than quartz! and all agreed that very-rich' stone indeed had been obtained. Upon inquiry, we found that no application had been made for a prospecting claim, and we cannot therefore vouch for the correctness of the report. Inglewood Advertiser, TIIE OVENS' ELECTION.-The Opposition arc resolved to leave 110 stone unturned to endeavor to oust one of the present, members for the Ovens, in order to seat an anti-Ministerialist in bis stead. With tins view, a petition against ? the return of Mr. "Wright.is being got up, and it is rumored says the Federal Standard-" That the .£100 necessary to ? be lodged by the petitioner is being collected. The petition is grounded on the fact that Mr. "Wright was in receipt of Government pay as chairman of tiie Mining Board. Should Mr , Wright be unseated,, Mr. Donald will be the sitting member; but should Mr. Wright resigu, a new election, would give him an opportunity of being once more returned."-Age. ' UNAUTHORISED'AfisESiiiLiEs OP VOLUNTEERS. -The' following circular, dated 7tli .Tune, has been issued from the War Office. The police magislrate of Kyncton will learn from it that tlib Home .Government do not approve of volunteers being u commanded and required" to aid in sup pression ol local disturbancesHaving observed thatf in . several instances . volunteer corps have assembled under arms for various purposes uncon nected with drill, parade, or rifle practice, I think it right to inform you that no such assemblies ought to take place, except with tile approval of the Lord- Lieutenant, and if the number of volun teers who propose to be present should exceed the strength: of. one battalion,previous application must be made to the Secretary of State for War for his sanction, in accordance with the Circular Memorandum ofthe 6th of June, 1860"I liaie also learnt that in some cases volunteer corps I nave been called out in aid of the civil power on | the occurrence of local disturbances, and I. have therefore to point out to you that as the volunteer, force is not intended to be employed in this manner it,is inexpedient to assemble it on' any such occa sion. I desire, farther, to draw your attention to the impropriety of the presence of any armed body at Parliamentary or municipal elections, and to request that you will give directions to the com manding officers of all volunteer corps within the county under your charge, not to assemble your corps for drill or any other purpose between the issue of a writ, and the termination of the election I in any county or borough in the neighborhood of their head-quarters, or, during the progress of any : municipal election in any town to which they may belong.---I have the honor to be. &c.;, HERIIKRT. Her Majesty's , Lieutenantfor the County -of --A. Mail. , i THE RAILWAY TURN-OUTS.-The state of tilings, at Woodeiid is, we hear, still far froiu satis factory: The " turn- outs" in the neighborhood of Gisborne have not resumed work, as was anticipated, at 7s. per day. They await the decision of otlicrs all along the line, and the works are, therefore, at a stand-still. ;Under these cir cumstances, \ve see no immediate necessity for a resumption of the works, or any necessity, in fact, for keeping the line open. The same power that gave an extension of time for the fulfilment of the contract, could be so stretched asto graut a further extension, and the cessation of the working of the line would, if we are rightly informed, be a gain to the country, and- not-a loss. Sonie five and .twenty men sent up from Melbourne to do the repairs on the line are, we understand, at work, under the surveillance and protection ofthe police, who are still there in great, numbers. Not less than fiftyvwe understand, have been told oft for: this service, and, not less,, it seems, would suffice, the attitude of the " turn-outs" being of so threatening a character. Tins, surely, is not to be tolerated, and we know of nothing better that p0uld.be,said, under the circumstances, than that it;is, in every way desirable, that the inen should take the advice: given them by one of their com rades at Castlemaine the other day, and go out and spread themselves'over the goldfields. This would be infinitely better than throwing themselv.es upon the charity of the storekeepers, or the owners of gijog- shanties along the line.-Herald. THE HOUSES OP PARLIAMENT.—During the re- cess the hall of the Legislative Assembly has un- dergone considerable alterations, chiefly, we believe, for the purpose of overcoming the difficulty mem- bers have hitherto experienced in hearing and being heard. The ceiling, instead of being carried up in the centre of a high arch, now extends straight across, and is ornamented with panels with centre mouldings, colored and gilded to cor- respond with the former decorations. The Speaker's chair has been removed two or three feet forward; and the benches have also been ad- vanced about two or three feet, so as to increase the distance between the rows for the convenience of members in passing to and from their seats The floor, of course, is very much diminished in consequence. To render the light more effective below, the gasaliers have been very much lowered, but whether the purpose sought be accomplished or not. one of the results, we fear, will be to injure the eyes of those in. the galleries. The other al- terations consist in the. removal of the green damask lining at the back of the Speaker's gallery, and the ornamental iron railing in front of the stranger's gallery. In both cases cedar panelling has been substituted. The change, in our opinion, is anything but an improvement, as it gives the hall a very "boxy" appearance. This is the more striking, as, by the damask at the back of the strangers' and reporters' galleries being also re- moved, and the white dead walls left exposed, there is no relief. Attention has been given to the im- provement of the refreshment department. The comniuninations with the separated building, known as the "New Library," have been com pleted, and one of the large rooms on the upper floor has been set apart for a dining hall. A large room on the ground floor ofthe same bnildingwill be appropriated to the use of members when ac companied by strangers. The former refresh- ment rooms under "the House" are now being fitted up for offices and stores—the purposes for which they were originally intended. The al- terations throughout the premises are yet only in progress, but the utmost exertions are being; made to have them completed before the opening of Parliament.—Herald. KINGOWER.—This is decidedly the most extra- ordinary goldfield in.Victoria. With an astonish- ing regularity it has its ebb.and its flow of popula- tion, its periods of famine and plenty. Only a few weeks ago the place was well nigh deserted, but again it is teeming with the busy hum of industry; and hundreds are earning good wages, and not a few considerably more. A new lead has been struck between Long Gully and the lead that was traced into Mr. Hall's paddock, and which, judging from present appearances, will touch the latter at right angles. Some of the claims are paying extra ordinarily well, and nuggets weighing from 1 oz. to 8 ozs. are frequently picked up in the cement. There has also been a patch of very rich surface struck about two miles a-head in the direction of Newbridge, which has yielded within four weeks a quantity of nuggets, weighing in the aggregate over 1,500 ozs., although, unfortunately, they have only been obtained by the lucky few, for it must be borne in mind that where the gold is found in such large lumps and in patches, a man may work hard for several months, and scarcely be able to raise the color. Besides the 1,500 ozs. known to have been obtained within the past month from this surface patch, it is conjectured that several parties have been successful without letting the fact be known, and have taken their findings to Bendigo or elsewhere.—Correspondent M. A. Mail. THE POWER OP SPEED.—A sporting gentleman was saying that " for running there was nothing, after all, like a. good three-year old." " Excuse me Sir," said a mildewy-looking youth, who had the'stamp of a swindler printed on his fiice, with " No Effects" written boldly across it, " but I will venture to back one of my three-months' bills against it. Why, Sir, I -<'ill give you my word, I started a three-months' bill not less than live years ago, and by Jove ! it hasn't ceased running ,.et |-and this, Sir, in spite of its having fifty pounds to carry! I believe that at last it will be a dead heat between that bill aud Colleen Bawn for I defy Dr. Gumming to say which, eventually, will beat the other in running.-Punch. CURATOR OP INTJCSTATJ* ESTATES.-We under stand that JVJ r. James Skene has been appointed to tliis office, vice Dr. Roche, resigned. OCCUPATION OP THE PUBLIC LAND.-It is now, wo believe, pretty generally known to be the Intention of Ministers to extend the 20-acre allot ment system to 320 acres, without waiting for the decision of Parliament, alut to carry tins out, not in reference to tlie mining districts only, but to the 'iVhoie of tlie country, lands _ oftthe colony, the rental, in all cases, to be half a-crown an acre. The special lands, that is, the lands 'within a certain distance' of Melbourne, Gcelong, and other towns and villages in the interior, and within a certain distance of the railways, lines of coast, and lands already purchased, directed to be. sold by public auction, under the new Land Sales Act, are to be exempted from tile operation of these regulations: But all other's, according to the new system, are to be thrown open to selec tion, without any further restrictions than/ those imposed by priority of choice, when ,it is oiicc inaugurated. In anticipation of the new system, a number of applications for allotnents, other than for those in the neighborhood of.'the goldfields have, we hear, been sent in.--Herald. THE NORTH DEVONSHIRE REEF.-"We have seen some excellent stone taken from the claim of Messrs. Klemm and Co. on this line. The quartz is thickly impregnated with gold, and we under stand that the'dividends have lately reached £10o a week. There are only three shareholders in the claim. The prospects are so good that about twenty men will be put on to work next week. BT.KI) TO DEATH IJY A U DOCTOR."-Mr. Wil liam Broadfoot, of Redbank, bad been annoyed for some time with a varicose vein in the right leg. Unfortunately for him, some of his friends intro duced, on Sunday last, a medical gentleman from old Navarre, styling himself Dr. llelsham. After manipulating the ailing limb of Mr. Broadfoot, he expressed most extraordinary surprise that another medical gentleman who liad. seen the swelling in the leg, did not lance it at once. The bouncing charlatan tucked up the sleeves of his coat, and commcnced lancing what he deemed an abscess. lie made several ? transverse in cisions, and applied some description of poultice to encourage suppuration. Some few hours after the operation was complete,. Mr. .Broadfoot's bed was found saturated with blood. However, no danger of any moment was antici pated until about midnight, when Mr. Broadfoot found himself fast sinking. Dr. Brisbane, of this town, was sent for, and arrived at Navarre at about four o'clock in the morning.' Upon ex amining the limb he, to his alarm, found that. ITelsliam had cut the vein to such an extent, as to bring on mortal liamiorrhage. . After binding up the wound, the doctor returned home, confident in his own mind that his patient wis beyond the power of any human being to save him. Last eveuing a messenger arrived here for Dr. Brisbane,-as Mr. Broadfoot had grown perfectly delirious; but the mental malady lasted but a few hours, as death ensued;-Ballarut Star. ' Tin: PERSONATION AT MORNINGTON.-A num ber of flying reports have been iii Circulation for the last two or three days, in reference to certain alleged illegal proceedings at Mornington. It is said that attempts were made at personation at Schnapper Point and Dromana on a large scale, and Mr. Patrick G'ostello, lately elected one of the representatives for North Melbourne, is deeply implicated in the affair'. We know nothing of the facts ourselves, on any authority that we ' deem perfectly reliable, in such a case, beyond that of one man having been apprehended, and com mitted for trial on this charge, but several persons have put their names to letter^, in which they say, that undue influence had been exerted upon them for an unlawful purpose; and with'such a show of circumstantiality as to make, it necessary tliat the whole case should be'inquired into. Some portions -of, the allegations of; the1,- com plainants seem almost too ; gross for credence in their present naked and unsupported form, but that is no reason why the thing should he smothered; up; or why it should, not be probed to the bottom. For Mr. Costello's own sake, if for no other, the thing should be well sifted, and what is now'rumor onlyj be shown to; be either true or false.. ,If innocent,Mr. Costelloought hot to allow himself to remain undeservedly under the imputa tion for, a day. But if guilty, we know of no lesser punishment, that would meet the merits of of the case, than that accorded by the act-which is, we believe, three years on the roads. In this, as. in other similar cases, we would have the act administered without respect to-persons. Herald. Occi'r.vriojf LICENSES.-During the week the proclamation will be issued inviting "applications from'persons desirous of. taking up land under agricultural occupation licenses. . The area for which these occupation licenses will be granted, will bo from twenty up to one hundred and twenty acres, at an annual rental of half-a-crown per acre, payable in advance. The instructions which were contained in a prior issue of this journal rela tive to the mariner in which applications should be forwarded for twenty-acre liccuses, will hold good with regard to the agricultural. The first appli cant for any particular portion-will* always have' the preference, and should cases arise where two or more parties apply for . the same particular lot at precisely the same moment, the matter will then be decided by lot. We know that there are parties at the present time who, in different parts ol the countryj are in illegal occupation of Crown lands, and have effected considerable improvements upon them, trusting to the chance of obtaining compen sation when the land was put up for sale. Such, parties; as soon as ever the proclamation to which we have alluded, is issued, should at once send in their application, and secure a legal title to their homesteads.-Age. - ASSURANCE COMPANIES AND THE LONDON FIRE. -A letter-received in Melbourne from the secre tary to the: Northern Assurance Company, dated London, 26th June, says The secretaries are sb busy that they have requested me to send you a private line by this mail in their stead. The one event talked of in London, and, in fact, all over England, is ' the great fire.' It will shake some of our fraternity, I should think, pretty severely. ' At present, we may take the losses roughly thus-Sun and Phoenix, £150,000 to ,£200000; Liverpool and London 'and Royal, £100,000 to £150,000; lloyal Exchange, Imperial, Alliance, Northern, £50,000 to £G0,000; and the rest in various smaller amounts. The Manchester have £350,000 on tallow for Giles Loder, out of £800,000 insured, and the loss will be about £130,000. Report says they have re-insured scarcely: anything. 1 Their loss for this one firm will, therefore, be rather stiff. The Royal held £175,000, we: £100,000. We all look forward now to a thorough, remodelling of our system of business here-increase of rates, compulsory clas sification :of goods, compulsory erection of perfect party walls, &c.;,-for we see that iron doors are all a-delusion-^-so that good may come out of evil. Poor Braidwood prophesied that-one day a disaster would occur that would startle ns all. The disas ter lias come, arid has not only proved the truth of the prophecy, but has, at the same time, killed the prophet. The whole thing is looked upon, not as a fire loss usually is,' simply a matter of business, but as a national calamity"; ]and the mercantile community say now that the risks we run are cer tainly greater than those contracted for, and that measures should be taken either in the shape of pFohibitory premiums, or in certain defined stipu lations to prevent the recurrence of a similar disaster in the docks, or any of the other wharfs. We have just (three p.m.) been startled with the news that the oil in the cellars under Hay's ware house had caught, and that Beale's was in great danger. In Beale's there is £700,000 worth of tea, and if it goes, the fire will spread all among the rookeries that lie beyond. We find, however, that the case is not quite so bad as was represented. Some one incautiously opened a trap-door, and the fumes caught light. However, they have managed to smother the flames, and we hope.that there will be no. further spread. I question, how ever, whether the lire;will be out for ten days yet. Argus. . ? ? -x- ' ANOTHER RUNAWAY.-It is reported tlmt_ nil old resident in the town, and formerly a municipal councillor,' rind holder of other offices of trust and responsibility here, lm3 gone away, leaving liis wife . and family in very straightened .circumstances. Ballarat Timet. NELSON.-A STRANGE BIRD.-About three weeks ago; while Mr. Brunner, chief surveyor of the province, nnd Mr. jMaling, of the survey de partment, Accompanied by a native, were engaged m surveying oil the ranges between Kiwoka nnd Taknka valleys, they observed one morning, on going to their work, the footprints of what ap peared to be a large bird, whose tracks they fol lowed for a short distiifice, but lost theni at length among rocks and scrub. The sisie of the foot prints, which were well defined whereVcr the ground was soft, was fourteen inches in length, with a spread of eleven inches at the points of the three toes. The footprints were about thirty inches apart. On examining the bones of the foot of a mon, in the Museum, wc fntd the toe. to mea sure, without integuments, eight inches and a linlf, and these evidently form part of. a skeleton of a very large bird ; the length of. tlie impression of thetbc of the bird in question was ten inches. The native who was in company with Messrs. Brunner and Muling was utterly at a loss to conjecture what bird could have made such n footprint, as he had never seen-anything of the kind before. On a subsequent morning similar marks .were again seen, and as a proof that they had been made during the night, it was observed that some of them covered the footprints of those the party made the preceding evening. The size of these footi.rinl*, and the great stride of the suppo #d bird, 1ms led to the belief that a solitary moa may yet be in existence. . The district is full of lime stone caves of the same character as those in. which such a quantity of nioa bbties were found about two years ago iii the neighboring district of Aorere. We believe it is the intention of the Government to take steps to ascertain the charac ter of this gigantic bird, whether moil or not, wliich keeps 'watch in these solitudes.-Nelson Examiner. . * . A BISHOP'S INVITATION.-The London corres pondent of the Scotsman tells the following story of M. du Chaillu, of gorilla-slaying celebrity "The Bishop of Oxford asked him to breakfast tlie other day, and a large party to meet him, but he never came. Upon coming across him the same afternoon, the bishop rebuked him for his non-appearance. ' I had 110 invitation,' said Du Chnillu. 11 wrote it myself, and left it with my own hands at your house,' returned his lordship. ' Nay, my lord, I only received one invitation for this day, and that was from some impudent fellow' whom I'don't know. Now,'said the hardy ex plorer, ' I never go to breakfasts where I doii't know the people who give them. Oil! here is the man's letter, and his name, too; Oxori, some Mr. Oxon, with whom I have no acquaintance 'whatever.'." : . . FOLK LORE.-PREVENTIVE AGAINST INFECTION. -An old cottager told me" says a correspondent of Notes nnd Qnerie" that the best way to pre vent smallpox from spreading was to open the window of the sick room at sunset, in order to' admit the gnats, who would load themselves with the infjctiom Smoking, and whitewash, and tar water are fools to 'them gnats, said the old cottager. Perhaps I10 was right, too. So far we may .Re mark upon this anecdote, since the gnats required open windows to prevent infection.-Builder. THE FIRST VESSEL FROM THE CONFEDERATE STATES.-The first vessel that has arrived in the Clyde with a clearance from the Confederate States is the Montezuma, of Liverpool, N.S., Captain Sulis, wliich reached the rivera couple" of days ago, from Savarinali, ? with a cargo : of timber. Iler clearance is dated " at Savannah,, the 22nd day of April, in the year of our Lord 18G1, awl the first year of the independence of the Confederate States of, America." The' form of clearance'is that of tlie Federal Government, the .words '} United States of America ' being carefully deleted, arid tlie others substituted.-Greemcli Advertiser. Pio No NO AND THE DI;IUIY.-No large stakes have been won, but a curious on: dit is circulated among persons competent to express an opinion, that the Pope of Rome ' has landed a good stake. It is known that the colonel is a staunch adherent of the Roman Catholic Church, and it is said that during a sojourn this winter with his holiness, lie put the Pontiff " on" at a good price.' At ill events, tlie Pope and the colonel are: intimate friends, and the report is by 110 means regarded as a canard.-Sporting Life. ' . The Yankees say,; " The Britishers"; whip the rest of'the world, and we. whip the Britishers." | Now they seem to" ciilkilate they're gwinc to whip theirselves."-Punch. .....; ; 