BBNT-STREET^ÖTHBRED. WB.Tery much, regret tpj bear that aaverál persona* of adertningCdlmeneion*,, [self-estimated,] and who moally ?bang ont In the neighbourhood of, Bent and Bligh atre6tB;c''b¿Va"'been" for Some time past' Buffer, lng the most excruciating. ' tortures from the .new oomplaint of Deniso-phobia, which attooked .' them with great virulence immediately after tbo late dissolution of Parliament, and has been gaining ground on their constitutions as the eleetiona proceeded. The disorder has reached its olirnax since tho last re turns came in, and the friande of the afflioted patients now aeripusly meditate - an application to placo them under personal restraint, lest they shonld unfortunately fracture their Oamesas, or, in more vulgur language, tear their shirts. The disease has chiefly exhibited itself in a. nervoUB terror of the approaching 10th and 33nd of January)',when it is expeoted that the ohoera and huzzas of a' grateful and appreciative lot of howling idiota will completely drown the small pipes of Macleay and Com jiivy. Doctor Martin bas been oalled into prescribe; but, after shakinghis head a great deal, and rubbing bia'nose with the, handle; of bia' riding' whip, he'has boen obliged to ooh fe is that'ho ¿ab make nothing of, it.',, He himself'bas been, suffering from asevere cutaneous disorder,' which.bas caused the whole country to ' fight shy bf him,' and keep him at a distança by means ot the new 'poll provided by' Cowper for snob 'sanitary purpose*. . . , . ' .""'.'. .-jr,.i It was," no doubt, owing to tho mental aberration at. iaadant upon this severe affliction, that the following noté, evidently intended for some less important and repeotable personage,'found its wey into our bands:- . Cocktail Club, January lat. 8ir,-The favour of your attsndanaa la raapeotrally solicitad at a apaolal meeting of the Cocktail Olnb, to be held in Bent-atreat, on wednesday, tho aaoond day of January. 1B6I ; fer tba purpoaa or taking Into oonaidaration tbs probability of h-a Ex-noy 8-r W-m D-n-a-n, oandeacandlng; to honour ns with his, oomnany at dinner, In the «vant of oar having the lmpudanes to oak him.. I am. Slr. von» ohaitlanll*. J-3 M-BI-N, Preildont. . Now, »8 it is well.known that we «re on terms of tba ,dosest intimacy and confidence with the illustrions, individual referred to, it need'eit'oile'no surprise that we ; closed one of onr penetrating eyee,and applied the fore- finger of our right band to tba same aide of our keen scented nose, as. we put the note in our desk, to keep better company than itself, with .several despttobes from the Secretary of .Sta^e for the Colonies, and . numerous three-cornered rose-coloured notes, ' highly perfumed : and w-th ooroneta on .them. . " Well," said we to our senior boy, who'is always In- attendance with our Con aJdering ;Cap, "we, may as'well go. Our morals are ' fited; and^ our manners «coure,'so we run no risk:" and Sie went 'accordingly,! . . . ...ii.Mr.j,. There was anything but - a fall attendance of Cook. tail«, but they . ali rose on oar entrance, and remained standing until we 'requested them to bring themselves to an anohor.'after we had performed ., similar nautieal operstian on our., own account. . ¡Macleay having opened the proceedings with prayer, in tbe language of. tba posts, thefméeting procesded to hnsiness.., , ,, , Martin, the' ? President, reminded them of tbe preca- rious position' in which they stood. Tbe bowling idiot's bad /carried the day against them, »nd it waa necessary to secure «orne sort of oountensnoe, or they would have to rest upon their own merits, whioh, ho need soarooly inform them, would be found rather a afaiokery founda- tion.-"(Hear; hoar.) He 'regretted the-absonoe-of bis old friend Thomson, but flattered himself that be 'fully xnsda ap for that by his own proaenoe. (O'-o-o-b I) \ A's, one bf the'candidates for ber Majesty's favour (derisive laughter) 'for tba honour of knighthood'(je»rs),. ha felt it to be'neoesssry, if possible, to seoure tho patronage of ber représentative. , He didn't ¡ intend to' make 'any motion himself. ("You'd better ; not !')? He , would therefore oall upon the mover of .the first resolution/ Macl eay i wno"«irás deeply affected, and frequently otee . oambrlq. handkerchief as big es Ta table'.olbtb, codea Toure"d, iii.a voice broken by sobs, to express,the bitter, '"neaB ofi bis angnisb at the loss wbloh he and the oountrj ?were''about to 'suet»in by the 'Jdeparture ',of !thc distinguished v representatiTO^ 'of /., i that ,"', beloved Sovereign whom it was their peculiar privilege to honour, He remarked that,' although' having .strong dalma bini' aalf upon the throne Of England, by collateral desoenl from the Ghost of Banqub, "he bud .' never, attempted,'by word br;deed; tô. disturb; the' peaooful'serenity that dis- tinguished the reign of his oouBin Victoria. (Cheers.; He might have appealed, in .proof of. his loyalty, to tb« testimony of «hisdearest and moat esteemed'friend Dr. Lsng. but 'that ; that eminent ' and orthodox dWine had gone io England-aa be understood for the purpose ol being consecrated to a Bishopric , His affection for S-i TV-m D-n-s-n was acarcely leas than his regard for that amiable clergyman;' and unless' they'could suo caed in securing tho'company'of. bis Ex-n-oj to a farewell 'banquet, he far bis-part, .was prepared to re. nounae dining for ever, and go into the Nobuohadnczza. rian line, with oooasionsl variations of bread and obeese and pump water.' ' Tho honorablo gentleman) having by this time pumped himself dry, sat down overpowered by bia feelings. ..,..?.?!. . lasaos observed that ns tho last speaker bad forgot to' make a motion, it was now hts pleasing duty to supply tho deflojórioy. He begged to move that a petition be. adoute,dr playing his. Ex-n-oy to visit them jua' once baforo.hu wont away/and on no aooount to fall in bring- ing Cowper and '? Boboition with bim. Muon' as he , (lasaos), .longed to . put bis legs , under the mahogany with the . eminent gentleman whom the Queon delighted to'honour, be must confess that tba loxuiy would loso some bf "ita ohsrms, unlosB Robertson and Cowper' wore present piso. (Cheers.) In Cowper he recognised that skilful pilot arid true statesman who alone, be waa now oonvinced, had the judgment and the ability to placo tho judicial ormlnè ' on those*' shoulders which it would . become BO well. . ( Hear, hear, and, cliocrs, ftoin 'IsoftoH b'imaolf.) Dickinson would soon be wanting to go home, and Milford waa getting old ('.Order, order," and loud cries of "Question.*') Well, then, to'come to the question, ho proposed that tho petition [whtoh ho rood J bn adopted, praying that bia' Ex-n-cy ^ould be,pleased to bunour them .with bia prasenoe, and endeavour to prevail upon Cowper and Robertson to aooampany him. ' Johnson (who had somehow managed ,to , get, in), seconded.'fha. motion. He did not think it. would be necessary to go to any groat ' expense ? on the occasion. As guardian of the publ o purse, ho desired to practico economjr. A round of beef, he thought, with a fliioh'of bacon anti a roasted goose- - . . " Oxley,rose to order. He protested against these per. aonal allusions to himself, and he begged to say that tho. honorable gontlomnn was another. His bill of, fare was .only flt for paupers, and he repudiated it altogether Beside«, although Douglas might be eaid in soma sort In have baan engsgod In cooking somebody's goose at .Camden, he, for UIB own part, fott himself to be rather raw than oth'orwlsr, and as green as ever. Hodgson remarked lint iu that respect the list speaker, might consider himself a tender goaling. tI]ot be fnlljr aprood with Oxley that suoh «retched prog aa Joh anon spoke of would only bo an intuit. Ho warned them against' attempting to insult S-r W-m D-n-t-ii. Tho mob wouldn't have it, and tho; worn rom'ana when they took it in their beads, as he had found ont, nt Nuwoastl'i sod elsewhere. The Quoon wouldn't liuVe il, and the, jr ho might venture so profano a remark, wes sold to be a mm 'un loo, if dossed, But; ?bore all, he wouldn't stand lt.-' As sn old naval offloer, bs insisted upon their honouring1 tbs Crown-if they didn't, he'd break theirs,'.Fighting waa no now (biog to him, He had served under Admiral Brake and Ad. mirai Blake, waa present when Duncan atormod Serin, gapatam and took Edward the Bleak Trinas prisoner, ?od bad subserviently suggested to Nelson, the famous ttanoauvro hy wbloh he smashed the Freooh at the Nile .nd raised (he siege at Gibraltar ?. j M«rtinlremi^ w«niH"'iüetoiVlo(i HodgBon'a achievement's, and' tho ? beat thing he ooald do'wonid'fce to'put'bls motion to the meeting. Ia doing' BO, ho would only add that the; need soaroBly haye any doubt of h-a Ex-n-ay attending when that diitJn. gulahed gentleman became awaie that ? he intended to be present. , '.. ' "'!',"' j The móiióñ WBB then put, «nd carried unanimously, and the petition'waa ordered to lie on tba table, for signature. . . ;. j Our good offioes with bis Ex-n-cy were of oourss solioited, and wo were begged ? to represent in the atrongest manner the deplorable ooosoquenoes of a refusal ; but .we, gave a guarded answer, end huve not yet quite made-up our mind. " '1 " 