JOURNAL OF A TRIP TO MELBOURNE, BY W. A. C. NO. II. As I surveyed the scene around me from the deck of the steamer, I did not find the place bo much alterediasl expected. There vras theoldPrinca's Bridge, the swampy margin of the Tarra, the falls, and the usual lot of wooden rickety houses on the flats. The atmearance of Flinders-street, with its heavy, dull, black warehouses, added certainly nottuug to en liven the scene. The black stone (trap rock ) of which Melbourne is built, is at once the most durable and most unsightly that can well be imagined j at the same time it ia one of tUe points on which, the Melboumites are most vulnerable ; they will persist in caning it ' blue stone,' while there ia not the ghost of a shade of that color ; and were Melbourne a million times richer than she is, Melbourne would ever be sombre and Newgate-like ; and this I shrewdly suspect is well-knowa to the public archi tects, as the rear of the new Houses of Parliament is built of a light-colored freestone, and the front is to be marble, the centre and hidden part of black or Melbourne ' blue ' stone. The new Treasury is another instance, being entirely built of a yellow free-stoue ; and the new Post- Office will also eschew black stone, except so far as foundation and secondary points are concerned. On stepping on the wharf I recognised a spot where nine years ago I had the following comical in troduction to a friend : — ' Bight glad to see you,' exclaimed one close to mj elbow—' off to the dig gings like the rest of us — I have been two weeks living here waiting to get up, and shall be off in a day or two.' In Baying this we approached a large pile of deals. ' Where ?' -said I, seeing no tent or other indication of living. ' Here,' he replied, at the same time dropping on his knees, wriggling him self into a small aperture, and disappearing from sight. With amazement I followed his example, and there in a wooden tube, some 30 feet long, formed by the piles of deals having fallen together, I found a spread -worthy of a saloon. ' Don't they steal your things when you are absent ?' ' Oh no ; I put this broken deal in the hole we came in, and then no one can find the door.' So true was this that when I tried to make a morning visit to my friend the next day, I tried in vain ; there was not & ^trace of an entrance in any part of the pile apparent to my eyes ; and when I searched for Mm a week after, the pile had been Temoved, and I never more saw my lodger of the tube. A little to my left I saw what was once the home of dozens — if not hundreds — the Slaughterhouse, now tvwned into a Btore. The time I am alluding to it was partly finished, containing all the necessary sheep and cattle stalls. ' Well, where do you stay ?' said I to an acquaintance of that day. ' Oh ! I have capital quarters; come along. Here we are,' said he, as he swung open the gate of a sheep pen inside the walls of the Slaughterhouse. ' You see there's my bed_, my kettle, -fcc, and there my looking-glass — (pointing to a triangular bit upon the wall) — and there are all my ceteras in apple-pie order ; only it is dreadfully draughty; and there are my neighbors; in that rovr of sheep-pens you observe several families ; in the bullock-pens the young men reside ; and we nave throngs of visitors coming and going, and for a variety plenty of domestic rows. The Tarra being so near, we have our regular washing days ; and then our habitation is decorated from end to end, as these pens are capital things to dry on ; this is a washing day, and see how variegated our hotel is.' My verv first attempt in business in Melbourne showed me at once that at least Mr. Cabby was up to snuff ; I had to beat him down from 7s. 6d. to 3s. 6d. to convey me a distance of 1£ miles. On another occasion I was asked 2s. 6d., when the regular fare was 6d. One nuisance that Adelaide is free from, is tollgates ; Melbourne is surrounded by them. To compare Melbourne with Adelaide would be simply to expose one's simplicity. There are no points of resemblance. The population of Adelaide and its suburbs does not reach 25,000, while Mel bourne and its suburbs exceeds 150,000. Nine out of 10 houses in Melbourne are two and three stories high, wbiie the very reverse is the case in Adelaide. Scarcely a gap is visible in any part of Melbourne, while in Adelaide blocks of acres are annually put under the plough. In saying this much I do not disparage Adelaide one iota. The true comparison will be when both cities have equal populations and equal wealth. If the comparison is made with a view to find out our relative wealth, well and good ; but if from some feekng of foolish vanity, the attempt is absurd. If the question were put — Would you prefer Mel bourne to Adelaide, both, being on a par as to wealth, population, &c;, I should unhesitatingly say no. Our city would be more beautiful, on account of its regularity and its surrounding scenery — our hills, with their vineyards, our plains dotted with farms and our magnificent gulf, are all features in the land scape that cannot be compensated for by anything on the other side. Adelaide covered, as Melbourne is with fine blocks of houses, especially if built with our light-colored and beautiful stone, would be infinitely above the sooty, dingy, and Newgate-like effect of the present metropolis of the Australias. As eating is one of the great ' goes ' of Melbourne, of course being at Rome, I did as Rome does. A friend took me into a private eating-house. There were three long rows of tables in due perspective. Four gentlemen made their bows to us, well dressed, and well got up — black suit, white cravat, and a style quite the drawing-room finish. Clergymen, thought I to myself, and with a reverence due to the clotli, passed and took my seat. ' Do you know those clergymen? ' said I to my friend. ' Where ? ' ' There,' point ing to them. ' Oh ! you outside barbarian,' ex claimed he — ' they are the waiters ! ' The hotel system is a marked feature in Melbourne life. One cannot but be astonished both at the number of hotels, their style, and the immense busi ness carried on in all. Throngs crowd in and out of the principal hotels between 12 and 3, aud 4 and 6, for lunch and dinner. Of course every thing is a shilling, and if you speak twice it is half-a-crown. The food is generally good, and the variety great — from game to mutton chops, asparagus to potatoes. The waiters are active, and he whole is served up in a style that would do credit to any European establishment. Hot and cold water baths, barber establishments, with drawing aud cupping, a good library, and postal arrangements, are the general accessories of the respectable hotels. Considering the accommodation afforded, the somewhat high prices demanded are probably a fair charge. The chit chat, gossip, style of dress, and general bearing of the gentlemen of Melbourne resemble more the slash and dash of the Americans than true Britishers. This is apparent in more ways than one, particulary in the hotel life, in a tendency to do every thing on a grand scale. Shops and eating-houses are frequently styled 'monster' this and 'monster' that. Going in with a friend to a hairdresser's establishment I found a row of gentlemen elevated someheieht from the ground, their heads thrown back, and leaning on a rest of the arm-chair, and their feet up on a level with their heads on a wooden horse ; and the way in which they mounted, threw themselves backwards, and flung up their heels, I am sure no outsider could do without a little private practice. Besides these American fashions, the stars and stripes and the eagle are commonly seen emblazoned and associated with the lion and unicorn. The ladies dress very showily. As they sailed along against the wind, they reminded one of certain beautiful coleoptera. The very long and full heavy silk cloaks they wore bulged out with the wind, and as they expanded from the arms, just showing by a glimpse the delicate texture of their dress, and glit tering in the sun — the similitude to tne suaoes ot beetles, just opening and showing their gossamer wings — was irresistible ; but this is a delicate topic, that an ignoramus like myself has 00 business with ; suffice it to say, that the ladies of Melbourne have the reputation of imitating their American cou sins, and dressing most extravagantly. The Houses of Parliament very naturally attract one's attention. At present they are but partially finished ; the front not even commenced. They are situated on the eaafc 6ide of Melbourne, in a fine piece of open ground, and commanding an extensive prospect. The interior is somewhat gorgeously fitted up ; and in the Lower House a distinct division is set apart for visitors, in the body of the House. As compared with the size of the building, the portion appropriated to the Lower House struck me as very small. There is an endless number of subsidiary rooms. The library will be, when finished, a triumph of artistic and architectural skill. The ceilings and pillars are ornate, and strikingly elegant. The win dows of the present front part have already acquired an immortality by their recent demolition '. and the janitor showed me the place where he and several others hid themselves from the fury of the mob. The new Treasury is not far distant; it is a massive freestone three-storey building of a quadrangular shape. Its architecture is not so striking to the eye as the Houses of Parliament ; roof, windows, doors, and interior fittings are all wanting. And to com plete the list of public buildings in a descending scale of uafinish, the Post-Office must be mentioned. That it will be a building fit to take rank with the others is quite apparent ; but, judging from the slow way in which these public works are proceeding, it wiU require some two or three years before it is com pleted. It wul be a magnificent corner building, and situatedin tlierniddle of the town. Two other buildings claim a passing remark — the New Barracks and the University, both incomplete. Tue model of the former shows an extensive aeries of buildings enclos ing a large oblong space, and seems arranged for every requisite purpose, from housing the Commander«in« Chief to blackholing Private Smith for not balancing his body properly, from drilling a squad to reviewing a regiment. The Barracks are conveniently situated between the seashore and Melbourne. The University is situated at the northern ex» tremity of Melbourne, in a spacious piece of ground prettily laid out, and, what was rather refreshing to Adelaide eyes, in the midst of a plot of grass per fectly green. The central part of one of the sides — three being finished, and of the fourth and front, the foundations only laid— is devoted to a museum, which, while it particularly belongs to the University, is thrown, open to the public. A visit here well re pays the trouble. It is divided into two distinct branohec, the one devqted to Australia, and the other to Europe, Asia, Africa, and America j alt of whieh are very fairly represented in the great divisions of bird, beast, fish, and shell. In the other department the iSQst noticeable feature waa the large number of models, machines, and working appariata in connection with the gold digging and quartz crushing. Some of the model* of the latter were exceedingly interesting, showing the surface and underground workings, the color of the yariows soils, and the crushing-wheels, and were explained with ample and accurate information on all the parts and details. Some of the models were four and five feet in height, and the model machinery considerably larger. In the animal department, South Australia is not at all adequately represented, and the conchology of the Australias is very meagre. The 'welcome nugget' model, represented an, astounding lump of gold ; it weighed 2,217 ounces. At one end of the room is an aquarium, a glass case resting on a wooden bottom, with its little fishes, periwinkles, rocks and seaweed. About 60 persons daily visit the Museum, and not the least in teresting circumstance in connection with this, is the number of Chinese visitors, whose neat autographs in the visitors' book are in singular contrast with many of the scrawls of the Fanqui. The Banks of Melbourne are generally handsome ; the Savings Bank is beautifully decorated in the interior, and its finish throughout 13 chasts and elaborate. The Bank of New South Wales is also massive and highly ornamented, but owing to its being unrelieved by a single white ^moulding, archi trave, or cornice, its beauties are lost, and it remains a huge dusky and obscure mansion, and has none of the sunny lightness of the Treasury. The dressing of the front alone cost several thousands. The public Library ia a very fine building ; but like all the rest unfinished. It is pleasantly situated not far from the Parliament Houses, in a large piece of ground. Its interior is familiar to most of us, from the drawing in the Illustrated £o» don News. It is a noble institution, of which the Melbourne people may well be proud. When it will be finished, can only be answered in the style they answer it there — by a shrug of the Bhovilders. With your permission, Mr. Editor, I will drop you another letter, as there are several little matters upou which a passing comment might be interesting to the general reader. 