MISCELLANEOUS GLEANINGS. The Augsburg Gazette give3 interesting particulars of the Austrian forces in Venstia. The garrison of Mantua consists of two battalions of the Dom Miguel Regiment, two battalions of the Hess Regiment, two battalions of the Prohaska, and one ot the Baden Regiments, one battalion of Jagera, one squadron of Hussars, and 600 artillerymen. Only a small force of 600 men are distributed on the right bank of the Po, between Ostiglia and Revere. The total number of troops in Venetia is about 135,000 men, viz., 35 regimeDts of infantry, each 3,000 strong, and 19 battalions of Jagers, each 900 strong. This gives us a force of 122,000 for infantry alone. The cavalry is in proportion with the infantry, and the artillery consists of 30 batteries (180 guns), of which 6 batteries (36 guns) are rifled. In addition the 5th corps was daily expected. The largest garrisons are at Venice and Verona. A Skobt Leading AETicr,E. — A recent number of the Independence, the journal founded at Naples by Alexander Dumas, contains the following article. It has, at all events, the merit of brevity: — 'Some people of Naples complain of there beiug no goyftV4i ment ; but if we count all now exis^ng, there are four at least : — 1. That of Victor Emmanuel, who is now in the kingdom 3 2. Of King Francis II. at Gaeta; 3. The Dictator's, atfCaserta; and 4. The Prodictator's, at Naples. All these are without counting the Ministers, who are now I do not know where. A.D.' Population or Russia. — Soon after Vh» war in the Crimea, a general census of the population was begun throughout the Russian Empire ; it is now completed, and gives the following results : — The total population is 79,000,000. The number of females exceeds that of males by 1,750,000. The lower orders, serfs, petty traders, and artisans form a total of 53,500,000; 'tlie nobles and the higher guilds of traders about 1,000,000. TJ13 r,c»biea still possess 21,000,000 of serfs. Tl\e '?pepulation of Siberia, including th,e w-snder-ing tribes of Kasan, Astrakan, and. Qranhurg, is 4,000,000. EufCrtigH Volunteers in Feance. — The following letter has been addressed to the Editor of the Boulogne Messenger: — 'You have, no doubt, 6E£n lately in this town a number of English volunteers parading tlie streets in full uniform. 'Will you be good enough to inform us \?hai ttiey are doing here in thr.t gaib, with ^words,' pouch-belts, &c.; ? The latter iii cavalry' and rifle regiments never are worn except oh duty. May I, therefore, ask if they are on duty here? Are they reconnoitring t^a ilfSexenfr forts, batteries, approaches, &c.; % T^o, $av, \\\§ i@e&i; Qf it, it is excessive bad taslei, ojisjijeasirig 4a.d; ia»i»»** to the French. ^-ttc jawgesf eas«'» ' ' , '^ would nqt b,a guife Qif a\K3- -'',-- of. ™* lme ht5 uni&m;/ &a; V- - . .weakness as to display Tivene « aft* . - . . 4?d- ™ a. ^W . count£r BVe*1-1' - j panic in England ot an invasion ot the ...1, but that is likely to be reversed. These valiant heroes are actually invading France ia shoals, in uniform, and armed witli swords, belts, and pwhaps pistols. They ought really to be ashamed of themselves 5 their countrymen here are certainly ashamed, of them, aud they are well ridiculed by the French, I was asked by one who and what they were ; and, to save the English character, I said I thought, they must be German musicians, which they certainly much resemble. It is really no wonder that the English are so much disliked on the Continent. — A Beiton. The French on the Whttwoeth: Rifle. — The JHoniteur de VArmee has the following remarks on the performances of the Whitwortk rifle at Vin cennes : — 'During the late national rifle match, where the Committee had to class no less than 80,000 shots, the Whitworth rifle was tried, in presence of Sir. Whitworth himself, and by one of his men, against a rifle of the French Chasseurs. It had a very decided advantage at all distances, but it must be mentioned that our rifle, with a bore of 18 millimetres, competed with one a bore half less. The Whitworth seems, however, to be superior to ours, at least in theory, but it is as yet an experimental weapon, not a weapon for the soldier. Mr. Whit worth brought with him the rifle which was U3ed in the trials ; it was made expressly for the English rifle match at Wimbledon. If we are not mistaken General Guiod, president of the commission, struck with the results obtained, asked the inventor if he felt certain of obtaining the same results with two of his rifles belonging to the French Government. He re plied in the affirmative, but found himself greatly mistaken, for our Whitworth rifle, though fired by Mr. Whitworth's own man, an excellent shot, whom he had brought with him, did not equal the French Chasseurs' rifle. The inventor then examined the weapon, and finding several screws not tight enough, asked permission to put them right, which was at once granted, He then went to the workshop of the fort, took the rifle to pieces, put it together again in. his own way, and came back with it in the afternoon. The results obtained were much bettev, fe©mg superior to those with the Chasseurs' arm, but inferior to those given by the rifle which he had brought with him. Thus it appears that one of his rifles will carry better than another, and that the least negligence in putting the weapon together affects the accuracy of the aim. This is a great defect in a weapon of war, liable to he placed in the hands of so many men, who may not be over-intelligent or awkward, and at times tired and hurried. The cartridges are not jpdmissible for the *my ; they absolutely require a small disc of grease, which would melt in the soldier's knapsack or cart ridge-box, and the rifle would then be useless. Never less, the Whitworth rifle is a very remarkable weapon, and deserves serious attention ; for, if means should be fcund to render it rather less delicate, less precise, and more capable to endure rough usage, it will give a fearful advantage to troops armed with it. It is easy to see that this invention will receive further improvement.' Accident at the LAtrarcHUfG of a Sabdesxan Mam op Wae. — G-ekoa, Noyembes 4. — The launch of the steam frigrate Duca di Genova came off yester day at 1 o'clock in. the afternoon. The ceremony was performed with great eclat and favored by bright genial weather. Count Cavour and the Royal Princes and Princess had travelled from Turin to Genoa on the previous evening. The festive solemnity, however, was saddened at the end by an unforeseen catastrophe. The royal party had taken their places on a high scaffold, or stand, erected for the occasion, and decked out in all the well-blending hues of the national rainbow. The noble vessel glided down the inclined plane into what is to become her element, when a crash and a shriek turned every eye to the left-hand wall bordering upon the breach made in the enclosure of the dock for an outlet to the frigate. That part was for one moment enveloped in a cloud of dust ; when this cleared off it disclosed part of the fencing wall levelled with the ground, and under its fragments were seen here and there the scattered limbs of the spectators who have fallen with it and were crushed tinder it. The horror and dismay of the assembled multitude ara more easily conceived than expressed. The Princess, who was seated with her brothers in the front of the royal stand just opposite to the crumbling wall, was seized with fainting, and was removed in a swoon. The people, after rushing in crowds to the place of the disaster, which was soon invaded by an impenetrable throng, broke off in silence, with hardly a cheer for the royal family, who were being rowed to tfce frigate in a boat. Three dead bodies were seen carried away on stretchers as soon as the ruins could be partly cleared. Ten persons, more or less seriously wounded, were con veyed to the town hospital. Among them were several of the young pupils of the Collegio di Marina, or naval school, one of whom, young Farina, tlie son the senator of the realm, Paolo Farina, is at this moment m a dying state. His mother, who was present, but away from him, and witnessed his fall, llirilled the crowd with her screams as she rushed to the spot where the mangled body was being exhumed. — Correspondent of the Tiriies. ' The Association foe the Prevention of Steam Boilee Explosions. — At the monthly meeting of the Executive Committee, held on Tues day, the 30th October, at the offices of the Associa tion, 41, Corporation-street, Mr. H. W. Harman, C.E., chief inspector, presented his report, from which the following are extracts : — ' We have made 339 visits, examined 842 boilers and 649 engines. Of these 3 visits have been special, 4 boilers specially, 9 internally, and 31 thoroughly examined; 9 cylinders have been indicated at ordinary visha. The general defects are as follow : — Fracture, 5 (3 dangerous) ; corrosion, 14 (5 dangerous) ; safety, valves out of order, 43 ?; water gauges ditto, 24 ; pressure gauges ditto 9 ; feed apparatus ditto, 0 ; blow-off cocks ditto, 23 ; fusible plugs ditto, 5 ; furnaces outof shape, 12; blisteredplates, 2 ; salters inoperative or screwed fast, 6 ; total, 149 (8 dan gerous) ; boilers without glass water gauges, 24 ; ditto pressure gauges, 8 ; ditto blow-off cocks, 34 ; ditto back pressure valves, 78. Among the remain ing defects are one or two that demand special notice ; for instance, I often find back pressure valves fitted between the feed-pump and the regulating valve on the boiler. Tliis is wrong, seeing that the object in view in applying such valves is thereby frustrated. All back pressure valves should be fixed to the boilers, and be the last thing through which the water should pass ; when, if they are properly fitted, they will, by closing through any return action, act effectually in preventing any escape of the water should any accident happen to the feed pipes. Another circumstance I desire to allude to is the manner often adopted of securing the standard or fulcrums of safety valve levers. These are often screwed into a cast4w-n flange or projection, of not mqra than fin. to lin. in depth, and a,a the whole strain of the resistance to fh.e valve pressure has to be sustained by these standards, it follows that very great danger attaches to tills plan of securing them. Cast-iron threads can never be relied upon, and every time the levers are raised to test the valve's action a sudden strain is thrown upon this fragile fixing. Deep lugs should always be cast upon the valve boxes, and the standard should pass through them and be well secured with a nut underneath. I cannot o,m,i* inen tioning a case we have met with thi^ ft»euth, where two safety-valve levers were found feed fast in the guide standards, by me&t;*a of iron wedges having been driven in to fesep down the valves on their seatings, fts they were subject to ' blowing.' Any thing more imprudent cannot well be conceived ; the valves were rendered totally inoperative, and with a pressure in the boiler of 50 lb. per square inch, the danger became imminent.' — Manchester Gmiftliatm, November 1. Sociai Meeting or Recxawsb BBmfKABDs.— An interesting gatheriiig» under the auspices of the Manchester au,d galford Temperance League, was held on. Friday evening last, in the Roby School room, Aytouu-street, Manchester. About 500 guests, 345 of whom were reclaimed drunkards, sat down to tea, the requisite funds for which had been cheated by Mr. John Wolfendale. Neavly e^esy trade was represented. Some of the iujq had abstained for more than a quarter of a. $saisury ; 2, 27 years ; 6, 26 years ; 9, 25 years, j 4, 24 years ; 3, 23 years ; 4, 22 years ; G, 21 yoara ; 7, 20 years ; 5, 19 year3 ; % }§i years j 11, 17 years ; 10, 16 years ; 5, 15 ye,a?« j 6, 14 year ; 8, 13 years ; 12, 12 years ; 17, 1\ y-eaw ; 11, 10 year3 ; 6, 9 years ; 5, 8 years ; 4, 7 j^ai-s 3 14, 6 years ; 1-i 5 years ; 21, 4 years : 28, 3 v§a.ys 5* 62, 2 years ; and 76, 1 year. Shorter period^ VvMe not ascertained. Amongst the guests were, Taomas Bazley, Esq., Jf.P. ; Messrs. Aldermen Harvey and Heywood ; the Revs. P. Thomson, T. G. Lee, E. H. Weeks, and D. F. Sun derlaud ; Messrs. W. Morris, Wilh'am Armitage, J,cb,n Hanson, George Darling, and others. L^idi4 of apology for absence were forwarded fey the Rev. Hu«h Stowell, II. A., Dr. McXervGw. ' and other ministers aud gentlemen, 'j&g.; speakers were reclaimed drunkards, and wij?a restricted to five minutes each, which the. Qhaiwnan (himself a reformed drunkard} j precisely enforced by the stroke of a bell. — Mr.. $ohii Wolfeudale explained that ths object of t^B meeting was to afford those who had v^an the pledge an opportunity of meeting toge-VYi^.aii.i encouraging each other, as well as of pivv,iug- 'lihat the pledge could be kept for many ye&a.;' After a number of addresses, Thomaa ^itey, Esq., M.P., who was warmly ap pkiyieci, expressed tlie interest he had felt in, -*»e 'testimony given by the various speakers, a* to tlie change in their characters aud liv^li It was not possible for men to aceon\pjisK greater achieve ments; they bad doKe.vsMhemselvea \rhat no power on earth co}dt\ ]*iw ctoue fo? them. They were liviqg -vwesses of thei* principles, and he begged to, assure %*» of \l]s best wistes for tfe6 811Cces3 oi thetif cau3s- a:id to thank them for their kind ^eeption of him. — Mr. Alderman Harvey hoped those who had beuefitted by the principles of total abstinence would seek to extend these to their neighbours. — Mr. Alderman Heywood said a Permis sive Bill was desirable, but he could not advise them !fo wait for the assistance of Parliament, or they might lose their own ground. He was delighted to learn that the Duke of Argyll, as well as the Duchess, were teetotallers, and it would have been a glorious thing to have secured their presence at that meetingt In tlie Manchester Council lately it was said, that public executions degraded the people, hut he felt assured that the trade of the publican was more mis chievous than that of the hangman. (Loud applause.) Votes of thanks to Mr. John Wolfendale for his ser« vices in getting up the meeting, and to the Chairman, closed the proceedings. Louis Napoleon's Fibst Diplomatic Reception. The Ambassador of England could not be missed. His presence was too memorable in the history it recalls, ever to be forgotten. He was the sole person in the group, so far as Europe was concerned, whose nation never bent the knee to Napoleon ; the only one who from the beginning looked' him stedfastly in the face undismayed, and saw through him under his mask ; whose Parliament, whose unfettered press, spoke the truth out to nations trumpet-tongued, more resounding thair his -war biigles on their frontiers, or in their capitals ; who shattered his marine to pieces, whenever it ventured out of port, by her naval thunders ?; drove him from the seas maddened and helpless, except in his cherished, yet ever fruitless vengeance, against the Power that thwarted his plans of dominion, and held cheap his threats of invasion, in the face of his boastful column at Boulogne — a Power that at one time fought against him single-handed, Russia in turn having given way, and fought with only the more vigour ; who fought him to the last, and by her invincible resolution and perseverance, encouraged and aided others in going on with the fight, until at length Europe was roused witn moignation unaer nis stupendous wrongs ; ana down he came, amidst peans of universal joy, from the height gained by his remorseless sword — France, who had been mingling groans with his glory, joining largely hi her shouts of gratitude at the general deliverance. There was one - other person in that group whose country never was in fear of him, but who protested against his outrages from first to last — the Minister of the United States. He could readily contribute bis congratulations where the object of them, reared, as he said, in ths school of misfortune, had risen on the free and immense vote of the tenth of December ; and who declared that peace was the dearest of his desires, and that he felt bound in honor to deliver over the government in four years with the public liberty intact. — Bemains qf Richard Rush. Trade at Tien-tsin. — Let us walk down 'the Street of Everlasting Prosperity,' the Regent-street of the north suburb. At its entrance is a crowd of Chinamen, which, constantly renewed from dawn to sunset, stands gaping through a gateway at the head-quarters, horses picketed hi a large courtyard. Forcing our way through these unsavoury celestials, we find ourselves in a small square, occupied by the 'eel-pie' aud 'baked potato' men of the place. Tour working man dines in the street, and this square is a favorite alfresco restaurant. Li, on our right, deals in meat pies. He has a small charcoal fire below bis oven, and in a trice his ^wzfe is com pounded and cooked before the public. Ho, by his side, supplies vegetable diei, turnips, onions, pump kins, yams, cut into small slices and served in the water wherein they are boiled. Here is a man with sweetstuff, pastry, and 'tuck.' There another with fruit — grapes, peaches, lotas fruit, water-melons, apples, and pears. The fishmonger is perambulating about. His fish, in a shallow round wooden bowl, lie gasping in three or four inches of water. Here are eels, brown and silver, large fat muddy carp, soles, and a fish speckled like a trout, and of much the same flavour. At an open cookshop, Chinese artistes are preparing ' the dinner of the day. The favo rite dish is a stew, composed of chopped pork, onions, seaweed, shrimps, nnd eggs. We taste, but its flavour is by no means agreeable to the western palate. And now, in a quiet secluded nook, is a good-humored laughing crowd, enjoying the feats of a juggler. A wonderful man! He takes two pieces of sharp wire, a couple of feet long, inserts them in his nostrels, and passes them thence down his throat. There is no deception, for he opens his j mouth wide and we see the wires down his guflet. Then he takes two leaden bullets, one the size of an j ordinary musket ball, the other weighing twelve ounces. He swallows the little one first. With) many contortions he brings them up again, and the small bullet is the first to re-appear. He draws tlie wire back through lus nose, and spits blood. A shower of cash rewards his feat. Then he swallows a sword, crams pouited sticks into his ears and eyes, and performs a variety of tricks too numerous to ? be detailed. Could Mr. E. T. Smith secure him for Drury-lane he would make a fortune. We enter a perfumer's shop, full of knick- knacks and necessaries for my lady's toilet. Pearl powder is made up in neat little packages, and with rouge and paints of various hues. Lotions for the com plexion, perfumes, dyes for the hair, and he:v, in a corner, ' thine incomparable oil, Macassar.' A barbsr is plying his trade. He shaves the head, combs and plaits the tail, and extracts wax from the ears. The latter operation is evidently a favorite witli the Celestials. Alas ! ' false tails' are common here, as they are said to be in England. The shop is full of them, at a dollar the half dozen. A distinguished oflicer of irregulars bought a few to make a plume for his helmet. A ' curio' stall contain?, very ordinary china at very exorbitant prices. Among its prizas are a common English bottle, price half a dollar, and an English earthenware piate, with ' Swiss scenes' painted thereon, far which double that amount is de manded. Here, also, are small hoses labelled 'Superior Congreve Matches without smell of sulphur.' They would cost a halfpenny at home ; their price at Tien-tsin is 2£d. We come to a linen draper's, and find Manchester and American, goods — linen, cotton, and calico. Here is the blue stuff for the common tunic3 and trowsers. i Hfc is labelled, ' Manchester, John Pender and Go.' By its side are calicoes, marked ' Saundew .' and nrinterl oniinms from the Manchester looms in great abundance. The prices are 100 per cent, liigher than at Shanghai, Immense quantities of Russian cloth, both vod and blue, are to be found in every shop. This cloth is of double width, thiafc, and coarse. It i3 sold at 25s. a yard, the price being fixed by the Russian Government Coming by laud all the way from Nijni Novgorod, such a price can never pay, but the Gov-ernment is careless as to profit, or this cloth forms the principal object of barter for tea and silk. When Tien-tsm is open to trada our Yorkshire manufacturers should be able to drive the Russians out of the market. But lei it not be forgotten that the Chinaman will only- purchase that to which he has been accustojsa&d;, and for the present none but the most ordinary woollens should be sent to the ?nortk of China. It is somewhat remarkable that not oue yard of English cloth caji at the present moment be found in Tien-tsin.— ~Sfaacial Correspondent of ths Times. Tee Forhpicatioxs of Boulogne.— When I arrived in Boulogne a few days suiee I fell in also with a number of British travellers, who were talking about the new fortifications at Boulogne, flat-bottomed boats, and of course the invasion of England. 'I bslieve the Emperor?3 up to something,' said No. 1 Traveller. ' go, do I,' echoed No. 2. ' Of course,' exclaimed. So. 3 ; 'I read it in the newspapers — fortifications— oh!' No. 4 Traveller declared he knew it all months ago ; whereupon they all agreed Napoleon III. was erecting fortifications at Boulogne and deepening the docks, half completed in the days of Napoleon I. with the view of carrying out liis uncle's plan of occupying London ; and the sooner they kuew the worst the better, was the chorus. Here were four British subjects — come over to Boulogne in stormy, rainy weather, for pleasure, or, as one of them expressed it, ' for a blow ' — making themselves miserable, desponding, irritable about certain fortifications which they had never seen and could not find out, according to their own confession, but which they insisted did exist or would be built. Whereas France had no right to protect her ports with gun3 ; it was a shame : and what was His EscjjUeaey Earl Cowley aboutj her Britannic Mdosiy's Minister at Paris ? We all became more aiio; more patriotic after dinner, Traveller No. 2 having put it to the eora,|-any that it was necessary to temper and warm. %hfx light wine3 (he called the St. Juliea which, accompanied our dinner ' red ink rot') \c-iih a familiar white liquor which comes fres*! Chateau Booth, Brentford. Having, .-tfter much discussion, come to the conviction that it was our duty towards the nation which never, never will be slaves, to inform ourselves about the new fortifica tions, we all took a solemn oath (why such a severe measure was resorted to. I know not) that the next morning our own eyes should look upon the warlike and anti-English designs of the Bonaparte who now sits on. the throne of France. Accordingly, in. a heavy rain, the next morning, accompanied by a guide whom we bound down to secrecy, we started off to the old batteiy on the saud bank, whence have frowned foe Eaaryy a Ioqs day so-^c hai'. Jozsn old g-aviss. In fact, those gUn3 were planted fcx1© expressly to salute Her Majesty Queen Victoria, when she visited Boulogne by order of the Rmperor. Sure enough, neai at haad, a number of workmen are engaged in. deepening the docks ori ginally designed by Napoleon I. to accommodate the flat-bottomed bo^ta which were the awful marine ghosts of our infancy, so alarmingly memorable, when invars* was not the child of groundless panic. The 'jf^MisUig trade of Boulogne is said to demand fcbe additional accommodation for mercantile sliip [-inp, and which, when completed, I am sorry to inform alarmists, will be willt for vessels of war. Traveller No. 2 measured the old guns, made a note of them, and said the papers were quite right — and it meant inva sion i We next proceeded to the battery northwards. There, too, undoubtedly earthworks wore constructing to receive the eight guns formerly planted in the old tower building near at hand. When completed now as of old, the actual port of Boulogne will be imme diately defended by 14 guns, and a large eammercial dock will be added to the maritime accommodation of the town. 1 learn, also, &om; looking over Government reports, that $# Boulogne coast, for a distance three leagues and a half, will count 53 guns when th& ^resent plans are completed ; a number som,ow-hat under the amount of artillery which es;iifed in Louis Phillippers days on the similar sites. My travelling companions, who have passed by these guns more than once on visiting France — when in fact port guns aud port batteries were nothing mosft than the ordinary furniture of an important harbor- in the eyes of Englishmen — insist still on saying aud believing, ox pretending to believe, tb,at 'there is something queer in it alter alL' The improvements in the port of Boulogne are really signs of peace rather than war, being obviously die tated by the necessity of adding to the existing ac commodation for shipping ; whilst the defensive ma terial is just what it ever has been, but newly mounted. — Correspondent of the Post, ? ^ .^^ mm wmmt ^^K ? 