District News JAMBEROO (From our Correspondent) Accident. — On Monday last an accident of a very serious nature occurred, between Jamberoo and Kiama. Mr. Salisbury, of Stoney Creek, was re- turning home from Kiama, and it being somewhat cold he thoughtlessly threw the reins on the horse's neck, which was a young one, when, partially frightened by the rustling of his rider's overcoat, and taking ad- vantage of his liberty, he ran off at a frightful speed, accompanying it with jumping, and soon succeeded in displacing his unfortunate rider, but his foot being entangled in the stirrup he was dragged for a con siderable distance, and was only disengaged at the instance of three or four fortv-pounders from the quadruped, which seriously injured the unfortunate victim of so much forcible remonstrance. Mr. Salisbury, I am happy to inform you, under the care of an attentive and kind wife, is fast recovering, and in a few days will be able to engage in his usual avocations. The Weather. — I am glad to inform you that the weather is beautifully fine, and the operations of Agricola, under the favorable auspices of Ceres, are rapidly advancing, and, from all appearances, we shall have much more wheat in Jamberoo this year than there has been for a number of years past. Almost every person is thinking of what will make the 'damper,' and some are cultivating rather ex- tensively who have never thought of doing so before. We want more cultivation; too many have been satisfied with the ' bit of butter,' and now, neither ourselves nor our lands are in a fit state for agricultural pursuits. But I fear that neither butter or grain will ever be profitable again while the Free Trade principle in its unlimited sense exists in this infant county. The 'Old Boy,' has quite shut me up; the fear ful castigation that I received, with yourself, has left me in a terrible plight. I was a long time insensible, and I have been scarcely able to draw my breath ever since. Oh I dear Sir, you don't know what I suffered; I cannot conceive what your sufferings are Why the "Old Boy" actually fell down with the violence of his own blow. But I must not say too much, for I know the pour old fellow will strike at a shadow; but you know these old folks are likely to hurt themselves more in that way than if they were to strike an object. Something like some 'Old Boy' whom I have read of, who in striking at a ghost, threw his arm away. Don't vou think (don't tell anybody,) that this 'Old Boy' is some imaginary person who works in the old tannery? It is well for him that you decline publishing anything that will hurt his feelings, or he would have been well tanned by this time. The Comet has appeared again. It is visible in the East this year, (for it is doubtless the same as appeared in July, last year). Mr. McGill, of the Macquarie River, has made some important calcu- lations in reference to it, and which would, I have no doubt, be very interesting. That Gentleman pre dicted its re-appearance in June or July 1861. 