THE NEW ZEALAND GOLD-FIELDS. I (BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.) VIA SYDNEY. (FROM OUR sraciAL CORRESPONDENT.) DUNEDIN, OCT. 14. All the supposed new discoveries have proved -worthless, and Tuapeka and Waitabuna absorb all tho raining popu- lation, except a few who havo ventured to Lindis Burn. Mr. M'Orea has re- turned from Kyburu River, with news that there is no payable gold at | Moeraki. Mr. Gfbriel Head's prospect- ing party is still out. Gabriel's Gully continues to yield gold to most of those who ear» get claims, but every inch o'f ground is occupied. There is a rumour that there has been double bottoming at Tuapeka, but no facts are stated. The departures havo relieved Dunedin a little, and nearly 200 persons have ac- cepted the Government offer, and are working on the roads for 5s. per day. The Kembla leaves this morning with 7,000oz., and the Omeo with 12,500oz. (UtOM OUR Sr-ECUL CORRESPONDENT.) No IT. The following is tho missing letter-No 2 - from our special coirespondent in Otago It was despatched per tho s s Pirate, which, after a protracted posaago across, was stranded on the Tasmanian coast on the morning of tho 16th inst - DUNEDIN, SEPT 23 Except the ships Timo and Truth and the Hydra, no vessels havo reached these shores since Saturday last, the dale of my first do Bpatch, forwarded per s s Oscar, so that tins is not written on the eve of tho departure of any mai!, still, as I leave Dunedin at daybreak to" morrow, on my first trip to the Tuapeka di gings, I think it best to unto this letter, which will bo sent on to Melbourne per first steamer Tho nows I havo to give of tho gold diggings is still of a very unsettled and uncertain nature. Thoy are, however, an undoubted fact. A few parties are to be met with in town who havo beon excessively lucky, i.e. they havo made some £300 or £400 worth of gold per man, but the rarity of such instances makes tho persons alluded to marked men. When I ask some of thom whether thoy aro going to rotura and take up a fresh claim, they say, " No, wo are not such fools ; all Gabriel's Gully is taken up, and , what is tho use of dieging for tho colour of gold only ?" Others, at tho samo timo, aro eager to get hack. The same story is everywhere re- pealed, and I tim heartily tired of hearing but ono answer to my many questions. That nnswor is, that gold is continually being found in various localities, but always in such small quantities that, considering the exorbitant price charged for overy article of consumption on tho diggings, the ridiculously high rato of carriage-which still remains at about la. per lb.- and tho absolute certainty that a scarcity is to bo expected, which will render the necessaries of life, tools, &c.;, much dearer, gold is hardly worth the trouble of a search,-in fact that search frequently costs more than the value of iho result. This morning a man, who would not give me his name, showed mo a prospect which ho had obtained from several dishes of washing- stuff, in a claim on tho Wai tahuna. It consisted of about half-a-dozen specks of gold-perhaps half a grain ¡ and, said he, " What's the uso of getting that ?" " Would it not pay for ihiicing ?" I asked. " I dare say it might," was the reply, " but tho expenso of tools and sluice-boxes would cost double or treble what I should get." And tho man's words must ho partially true, for some rude Californian pumps are oífered for sale in Hattray-street, here, at about £14 each. This was in Dunedin, to which no extra eartoge had to bo charged ; and ns there is no timber, except a very fow bushes of light scrub, to be got any whero near the places where the miners aro now at work, tho ordinary wooden mining appliances, if required, must be brought thither. Tho whole country is wretchedly timbered, ns I nm informed ; and thoro aro no trees I have yot seen much beyond tho rank of shrubs or scrub. Rumours arc, of course, rife enough. Peoplo wore to-day talking of a new success just experienced at the Waitahttnn, and referred me for authority to jUr. Casper-an old Ballarat storekeeper. I went to Mr. Casper, and he told roo that, whilo buying some gold, the sellers said they had mudo fifteen penny- weights out of six buoketbful of stuff. Even in this coso, however, it appeared that tho men woro not going back to the diggings. Another pieco of information appeared to be moro reliable Mr. Smith, laie a butcher on Ballarat, and Sir. W. M'Crca, tho leader of one of tho Government prospecting parties in Gipps Land, showed mo several pieces of rich quartz, which they averred had beon obtained thirty miles from Duncdiu. They said thoy were making up a party to work tbo ground j but they would 'divulgo nothing more, at I tho same time promising to lot me know ovontually how thoy succeeded. The banks arc buying gold, but it is understood that it all formt a portion of that brought by the last escort. ] cannot say that, of all whom I havo met, and win have looked at Tuapeka and Waitahuna with thi eyo of an experienced miner, there has been om who believed the gold- fields to bo extensive, o really generally rich. " Tho countryi is toi broken," thoy say ; nor can those who have beet accustomed to Australian scenery form any con ception of its nature I have walked a milo o I two out of town with old residents, and th landscape is all tho samo. " Hills on hills, an Alps on Alps " arise throughout. Almost ovor Rottler says that gold has been found hero an there on his run. Little nooks on the banlt of rivers and other likely spots have been teste over and ovor again, and the colour of gold foun« but nothing moro. Several persons started a fe (Jays since to prospect the banks of the Silver stream, a branch of the Taicri, about ten miles from Dunedin, and in many bucketsful they found just a speok or two only. Humour gra- dually exaggerated these facts, and I mot quite a large party setting off to tho spot yesterday morning to try it, 1 have lonrnt since that they" sank holes all about, but realized nothing. ¿ Tales ¡ like theso I might tell you in hundreds, hut they would bo useless, save to point a moral. Let me assure your readers that instances of luck are not, at all common, and in ovcry caso are only connected with Gabriel's Gully, which is taken' up from end to end, and must be worked out in a fow weeks. To show that, in the face of all tho wild talk I have heard, gold in oonsiderablo quantities has been found at Gabriel's Gully, I give the folio« ing statement of the results achieved by a party of six men working thorc during August and September :-August 19, 2oz. 15dwt. ; August 20, 17oz. lldwt. ; August 21. Oloz. 13dwt. ; August 22, 8oz. ; August 23, Hoz 14dwt. ; August 27, lOoz. 20dwt. ; August 29 21oz. 17dwt. ; August 30, lOoz. lOdwt. ; Septcm ber 1, 35oz. ; September 2, lßdwt. ; September 3 < 20oz. Many parties o' miners are, howevei i returning daily, with sad stories of insufficier. yields, and poor people aro seeking employmor «voro,tl,»r« There is a regular panio among the townspeople j respecting the thousands of Victorians who are daily expected to arrive. Matters were bad enough when all the Aldinga's passengers camped out ia the streets' one Sunday night, and when 'my own follow-passengers arrived ; but, with ex- pectations of good or ill luck, the majority of these are gone out of towns Still every place of accommodation is crowded ; and what ig to be- como of the many who will, of a certainty, be possessed of but a few shillings over I hoir passage money, no one knows. Government seemed at first inclined to do little, and almost to refuse to accept it as an undoubted fact that very many were on their way here. The matter weighed heavily on the minds of several gentlemen, mostly new nrrivals, and wo determined to try au appeal to the Government. This morning an interview waa asked of his Honour Major Richardson, the Superintendent of the province, and fixed for three o'clock, at which hour a deputation consisting of several gentlemen, in- cluding Mr. Cairns (late of Fiji Islands), Mr. Mills (of _. B. Clapp and Co., coach proprietors), Mr. Griffin, Mr. K. G. Erlam, Mr. Cannon, and Mr. S. A. Woods (an old Otago squatter), proceeded to the Superintendent's office. I ac- companied them, and wo were received with great courtesy by his Honour and Mr, Cutten^ the Commissioner of Crown Lands. Mr. Cairns, in strong terms, pointed out the naturo of the case, and urged that tv space of ground should bo allotted for new corners, somewhat after the fashion of tho " Canvas Town " of 1852 and 1833. Pros and cona having been duly mooted, his Honour finally took our view of the case, and promised that a block of Crown lands, which had at ono time been designed for a cemetery, should bo laid off into streets for tents, and allotted to new comers for a specified limo. The deputation then withdrew, and I am informed by Eoveral Government officials that new energy seems to have beon infused into the Governmental mind, and that bofore many hours aro over affairs will he sa completely en train, that should the Lightning or Empress of tho Seas arrive this very night, the Government will he ready for tbem. Had not somo such step been taken, the consequences must have been featful. To try tho diggings without money appears by all accounts to be madness, and yet a very large proportion of the now comers hove littlo or no means. They will bo hanging about town in a wretched state, and the days of Fort Curtis will be revived, if some provision be not made which will supersede the necessity of their »pending all their money before they can have a chance to find their way back to Victoria. As it is, a large shed is to be built for those without tents, and Government will endeavour to find temporary employment for the moro utterly destitute. Tht*B, however, cannot last long. Before I lay donn my pen, I will endeavour to fill in a few of the rough outlines I gavo you in my last of the character of Dunedin and of Otogo, of which Dunedin is the metropolis. The town was founded come fifteen years siuce, its inhabitants being then, and for some j ears sub- sequently, wholly composed of the inhabitants of certain counties in Scotland. Local customs, habits, rules of fai'h, and modes of religious observance, were rigidly adhered to throughout tho settlement, much local jealousy boing indulged in till within quite a late period. At one time, I am told, the members of the Church of England had to appeal to tho Supremo Court to obtain church accommodation, but now (hero aro places of worship for people of all de- nominations, not excep'ing "oman Catholics. Hotels aro not numerous, owing to a restrictive law, but Rly grog-selling exists everywhere, and Government is either nfraid or unable to inter- fere, for tho few attempts to instituto prosecu- tions havo been generally unsuccessful. There has been a good deal of procrastination in the matter of legislation affecting social life. As every ono knows, thero is in Now Zealand a General Assembly of Representatives of tho whole of the provinces, held at Auckland, but tho local affairs of each province aro administered by a Provincial Council, olected in tho usual way by a suffrage which in almost universal. Bach provinco is governed by a superintendent, who is elected by the popular voice, and the effect has been that, at present, a vant numbci of those acts of Parliament which'aro usually judged to be absolutely necessary to a community are not yet in force. There is not even an Insol vent Act here, and the want of it detains the Jati superintendent of the provinco, Mr. M'Andrew in gaol for debt, and a letter to the editor of thi Otago Witness, published m last week's issue draws attention to this fact. There is no passen ger Aot existing here, nor many others of equa importance. Some excuse for this is afforded b; tho fact, that hitherto the wants of tho communit, havo been few ond easy to supply. Town im provements aro equally behindhand, and it take three days to bring down goods per lighter fror Port Chalmers to Dunedin, which lightei can only npptoaoh the pier at high tidi Most of tho old residents can tell cn pi'al Ktorii respecting the bad management of the Du ned i Gaol ; and only a few weeks sinco a man name Allen, in custody on a charge of manslaughto escaped twico, before and after trial. Aplani reclaiming a portion of the bay, by cutting dow Bell Hill-ono of tho hills on which the town built-and extending the line of beach with ti earth thus obtained, has been a favourite plan f years, and once an enterprising American offered do the work for a grant of a portion of tho reclaimi land. Tho offer, however, fell through, Bell H remaining to this day. Since the gold-fields lia broken out, the face of things has greatly change and a new spirit bas been awakened, which mi lead to great things when the Provincial Asscmb moots again next month. Thero is a very i spcctable-looking court-house hero, which is al used for the meetings of the Assembly. It almost the only substantial building in the plac excepting one or two brick buildings and t< fine bluestone stores, whoso fronts are coi posed of a blue freestone, which is quite so and has to be painted to preserve its fat This stone is procured from a quarry a milo two out of town. The original plan of tho to' is very fino, but it Badly resembles that famt ono exhibited by the astute Mr. Scndder, ns presenting the city of Eden in which Mr. Mar Chuzzlewifc set up business as an architect n surveyor. Crescents and circuses, squares, ? rades, and what not, look well on paper, but I fact is that tho course of the streots is directed much up and down among tho hills that the loi portions alone aro built upon. Thus, High str runs a few hundred yards, and then subsides i .noarly wild bush, overrun with scrub and v flax ; and other streets aro in a similar pli g Oddly enough, the hilly portion is the favou: part of the town, and though in tho north-east quarter, or North East Valley, as it is called, th is a fine level piece of country, the houses th may be counted off upon the fingers, few are they. I mu3t in fairness add ti though most of the wooden houses small and mean-looking, there aro some spier buildings constructed of that material. S are tho new Union Bank, the new Provir 'I'otel, and others, which are now to be all 'done by Mr. Farley, late of Ballarat, who beon running up the priée of land to a tren Idously high figure by purchasing allotments, obtaining leases in evory direction. Only wi the last few days, a piece of land near the U .Bank was let at SA per foot per annum. A Mr. Farley has bought a piece of land wi double frontage, Btretching from High-strei Maclaggan-streot, and on this ho is abot erect an immense arcade, after the Qu Arcade model. The situation of the town itself is beautiful, almost beyond comparison, I look a walk yes- terday to the upper part of ono of the streets, I which was quite in the buBh. Below lay the thickest part of the town, and oven that was so irregular that sorubby higher ground, covered with a bright green-leaved thick-gjowiisg bramble, colled " wait-a-bit," entirely removed that same- ness of colour, which makes a collection of I modern houses so poorly ornament a landscape Over and beyond the. Bell Bill appeared the I North East Valley f dotted with houses and large I beds of the v'ad New Zealand flax, which is, in appearance, a sort .of exaggerated bed of flags'. The bright green of the larger descriptions of scrub, the irregular pathways intersecting the country, the tall mountains, and the smooth wa ors of the bay, prcsentod a rare loKÍ ensemble, tthilo a light breeze stirred the Bweet breath of the sunny Now Zealand j «pring morning, and afforded a sensation most agreeably new to cno who had lived many years in a sultrier Australian climate. Those familiar with such scenes say that Dunedin is uko a town among tbo lakes of Westmoreland or the Highlands, and if so, it needs no ghost to show how easily they havo stirred poets to descrip- tions such as those in the ,( Lady of the Lake" or '* Tho Excursion." To morrow I shall seo the interior of tho country, and will, doubtless, be ablo to give your readers somo notion of Otago, its scenery, ns well as its gold-fields, more than they had before. 