THE LAMBING FLAT RIOTS. {From the Tarn Courier. Juts 24 ) Mr. fepicer and his confrere* of the old League, put themselves np as the special respecters of property. Tbey aerer.haramjue their followers without many wordy cautions against infractions of the eighth commandment, and usually wind np with a bombas tic assertion tliat tbe first man who is found plunder- ' ing they will be bis executioners! They desire to let the wnrld know that in their ethics an abstinence from picking and stealing is the highest virtue. If violent hands are kept off our neighbours' property, it is all that is expected of us, and we shall pass through the world without censure, and fulfil the shief duty required of the good citizen and loyal mbject. Bnt these excellent admonitions to act lonestly generally come » day after the fair, when he work of destruction, if not of appropriation, is ;otnplete. and tlie brutal mind is satiated with pul ling down an3 horning tbe property and chattels of unoffending people. To cast oil upon tbe troubled ?raters is evidently no part of tbe mission of these Bnrrangong agitators, but their vocation is rather to let the yeasty waves fret and chafe nntil they liave spent their fury and accomplished all the mis chief they are capable of effecting. If Mr. Spieer is the persuasive Reclaimer and (bs powerful leader as is represented, and if he is sincere in his pleadings in behalf of property, how comes it that he bas never intercepted tlie acts of destruction and cruelty which have stained the infant annals of this gold field? No; it was no psrt of the policy of Mr. Spieer to do so. Re appears in every last act of the drama with a self-saving speech. And even then he does not care to wholly stay the miirch nf demolition: for while bidding his purblind followers to preserve the peace and refrain from robbing, he reminds them of what he terms their wrongs, and what, with equal truth, he characterises as tlieir rights. The last oration of our Marc Antony was delivered at the burial of the insurgent Lnpton, and, like his archetype, lie as cunningly did all that laid within his power to stir up bis *-good. sweet friends to * sudden flood of mutiny.' while be enjoined them to go to their homes. Had Mr. Spieer desired no *' scene,1* he would at once have absented himself from the funeral of the unfortunate man, and have permitted it to pass over withoot a political signifi cation, lint was tliis opportunity to be lost? Mr. Spieer has studied iu the dramatic school, aud has a thorough knowledge of the value of 'effect.' We give him credit for knowing when to appear and when not to appear. The proper time for saying A thing is often of as much consequence as is what is said. He is cognizant o[ tliis fact, and makes ample use of his knowledge. We heard nothing of him from the time he insulted Mr. Cowper at Spring Creek, nothing of any part played by him st the *? roll up' of (he 30th of June, nothing nf him in the encounter 01 me nignt 01 me x-iui .jniy. dui. jrrcsio: he apjrears as if newly alighted from the clouds, or arisen throngh a trap, like Bnnquo's ghost, at ft time when least looked for, but when his presence would be most 'telling.' Who on earth ever expected to see the embodied spirit of ihe old League at tbe first I crave that it had dug. And for what purpose did Mr. Spieer then re- appear? Was i: to point to that grave as the first fruit of that unholy alliance? ' Kot so.' will Mr. Spieer say. ?? but to stay the irrath of his followers in the work of demolition.' Pour fool — or may be, poor knave ; his wickedness in as shallow and transparent as is his folly I Tbe time was most appropriate for instilling fresh vigour I iuto agitatiou. The taUeau wwRt would have been incomplete without the presence of the presiding I Genius of Mischief. and therefore he again presented himself with the old hypocritical warnings, which, while they added strength to the power of evil, shielded him. he believed, from the conseauences of his own acts. Ht-u long will sensible men hazard their pood re nuut find fiviMi iJieir ]iheriv and lipps in 4nl!f-vinjr Kuch a hollow charlatan, who is to be found only wh«n there if safety, and hcalges himself round with phrases as opposite 10 his motive and as possiliK can be imagined. Have they ever asked themselves the question— To what will all thin rioting lead ? If they will only do that, and hone-tly pursue the investiga tion until a natnra] solution of the question is arrived at, tbey will be brought to no other conclusion than that those wbo take part in it must be losers ; that whatever may have been the result of some of the emevta on die continent, nnder British law, popular disturbances ha ve eventuated in tbe strengthening of tint law *nd the diaeomfort of those wbo bad tried to overthrow it. There is too much freedom nnder our form of government, and too many in terested in its preservation to permit the success of even three thousand insurgents. It would have been better for those foreigners who took part in the late riots ba-l they looked to the political coudilion of iheir native conntry, and reflected on the stnal! quota, of freedom they enjoyed there, before thry took np arms against a sovereign whose dominions have been, and still are, an asylum for expatriated friends of liberty. In a very few days these aliens will have tbe opportunity to again taste something like the military government of ' fatherland,' and will then be able* ta draw a comparison on Brititih soil, be tween the perfect freedom which exists under the civil power and abridgement of liberty which is ne cessary nnder that of the military. Those of our countrymen who have been blinded, and so led by the subscription patriots whose enthusiasm rises as the pence ponr in, will then learn that there is only a cpnNtitutional way by which their jrrievanres can be redressed : that agitator* on pold-fieldsare like their fellows elsewhere, end, if anything, a trifle worse, and that Mr. Spieer U not aa exception to the rule. Like Caliban with returning judgement, tie awakened miner will exclaim *? What a thrice -double ass Was I, to tale this fellow for a god, And worship this doll fool.' It is expected that before Christmas the experiment of o street railway will tiavr lieen tried in Australia. The rails and carriages for the projected tr&mroad; from the Circular Quay to the railway termrnos through Pitt-street, Sydney, «re on their way from England, and trill be employed for tlieir destined ' pnrpose us soon as tbe necessary eartb-vorls are contracted for. Two schedules were filed in the Insolvent Court. Sydney, last week ; that of Elias Mows, merchant, ??tales his liabilities at £24,000. and tbe assets at JE15.O00 ; and thatof Benjamin Benjamin, of Sydney, storekeeper, liabilities, £JO,-*W, aaiets £4dW. Stcaxgb Ixcibesce. — Among the remarkable ctr enmstauecs connected with dreams may be mentioned one which is difTcrent from tlie nsii-l vagne sport ings of the mind, and implies a higher influence. It is npokun of liy Dr. Carlynn in an nmnaing volume of Hcnuniscinees mid narrated by Dr. Abcrcrombie with more of direct authority and cor roborative proof. It is relative to tlie death of Mr. Peruval. formerly prime minister of England, and runs thns: — **The dream in question occurred in 35TOf. Wifounii; iate of Scantier Horn*. IKim whose own lips ~I nave more than once heard .the relation. Six days before the murder of the late Mr. Percival (of whom he had no petsonal know ledge whatever) Mr. Williams dreamt that he was in the lobby of the Ilonse of Commons, and saw a small man . enter dressed in a blue coat and white waistcoat. Immediately .ifter, he saw a man dressed in a brown coat with yellow basket metal buttons (irsw a pistol from under his -co.it, lati .discharge it at tbe former, who immediately fell, ttnVblood issuing from s wound a little below tbe left breast. Be saw the murderer ECijEed by somegentlerueu who were pre sent, and observed Iiie connteiinuce, and on asking who the gentleman was that had been shot, be was told that it was the Chancellor of the Exchequer. He then awoke and . mentioned the dream to bis wife, who made light of it ; but in the course of tbe . night the dream occurred ttrw timta, without dulemt iwnatuM). He was now so impressed by it, that he felt much inclined to give notice to Mr. PercivnL bnt was dissuaded by some friends whom becon Eulted. who told him he wonld only £et himself , treated as a lunatic. On '&e; evening of the eighth day, lie received the account of tbe murder— two days after it had been committed— and on visiting London a short time subsequently, lie ibondin&e; print -shops a representation of the scene. Mid idt Btantly recognised in tbe countenance and dress of tbe parties, tlie blooaon Mr. Vercival's waistcoat, ana tbe peculiar yellow basket buttons on Dellingham's coat, precisely what be had seen in bis dreams. ' Tliis story. is well authenticated and corroborated by the assertions of nianv respectable persons, to whom Mr. Williams had related it, bnt wbo at the time laughed him out of the idea. It would be.in vsio to inquire to, f-r 'for, what purpose snch an intimation was given, it, from a higherEorjrce human ignorance or perception cannot fathom tt; and there the matter rests. - .. - IPSWICH, QCEEKSI-AM): Printed and pnblldied by Edktkd Jobs Bays and Abtbcb Cbaklks ? Bats, proprietors, at the Morti AuHntlitm Office, ? East-street. ' 