LAUNCESTON EXAMINER. Saturday, .1pril 20, 1861. LANDS TITLES ACT. ELSWlnERE will be found sections 62 to 69 inclusive of this measure. These will be found valuable as facilitating the pre paration of instruments by non-profes sional persons, and greatly abbreviating the length of such documents. We may here repeat what we have said before, that it is not the desire of those interested (and these are all who may buy or sell real property) in simplifying the titles to land that professional men should be ex cluded in dealing with heritable property. The feeling is the very reverse of this; but when the lawyers, as in South Aus tralia, are so obstinate and pigheaded as to oppose the general wish of society on this subject, and maintain that their vested rights to mulct the public are paramount to everything else, provision must be made for dispensing with their services. We have been amused with one objection which savors too much of the pages of Punch to create anything else but pleasantry. It is this, that it is "unconstitutional," because Mr. rToirens's system has not been introduced into the parent country. Shade of I3lackstone I and ghost of FearnI what next? At this rate, how much have we -to get rid-of that is unconstitutional! The tariff must go; the land regulations must be abolished; the road laws repealed, with their plurality of votes; the municipal acts blotted out of the statute book, be cause they, too, provide for plurality of votes; and the electoral act itself and its amendments must be smothered forth with,-for nomination, noise, and rotten eggs are dispensed with here; and we must part with the ballot, too, which has been found to be the greatest blessing possible to Australia, because such an improvement is still unknown in England, and therefore must in this colony be " un constitutional." What a comical tub to throw to such an intelligent whale as the communities of Australia The -anti quated legal gentlemen who oppose the introduction of Mr. Torrens's bill can only be regarded as belonging to the family of the celebrated Mrs Paitington, who, our readers will ?ecollect, tried with her broom to sveep back the Atlantic, and-failed 