BURROWS'S "PASS AND CLASS." Pass and Class, an Oxford Guide-Book through the Course of Literæ Humaniores, Mathematics, Nat'"' Science, and Law and Modern History. By Montagu Burrows, M.A. Oxford an London : J. H. and Jas. Barker, 1860. Mr. Burrows is a eminent and successful private tutor at Oxford and the advice of various kinds which he gives to students for honours in this book is that of practical and sensible man. The brethren of his craft will, perhaps, be rather alarmed at seeing its mys - teries thus divulged especially when they read the heading of two of the pages, " How Ex- aminers may bri cfted." A man who is in possession of this secret will obviously have no need of a "coach," The Arcanum Magnum is revealed. Mr. Burrows urges all men to read for honours, unless they belong to one of three classes— (1) the -wk in health; (2)' those who know themselves, or are known by their friends, to be "apparently unfit for anything beyond the pass"—in plain words, blockheads ; (3) the fatally il educated, who cannot have a fair start in tlie'r®. Ho is' perfectly right in saying to the first class of incapables that "it is quite possible to imagine onesself less capable of work than on really is," and that "there are many cases on weak health where the class course is really the best regime ; many in which a wise medical man would prescribe, along with moderate diet and moderate exer- cise, a course to steady work—not exceeding five or six hours a day—at well chosen times, as the best method of keep- ing up the best tone of mind and body." We believe that he is also right in dissuading me from reading, while under- graduates, with but a view to an examination —"reading with classmen without going in for honours. The idea is specious, and carries with it a notion of liberality, independence, and pursuit to knowledge for its own sake. But very few men, even among mature students, can really read hard without a practical end in view, and fewer still can test the value of their own reading without the criterion of a public examination. Men who have to work for their living, indeed need little exhortation on this point. They now very well that a good class is bread. "The value of the pass," says Mr. Burrows, "is fixed by the least intelligent and least educated man who is allowed to scrape through." Very true ; and if a pass is at all an adequate measure of the amount of know- ledge gained at the University by the men who take it, people will soon begin to ask them- selves whether it is worth while to incur the expense of the University course, and those dangers to character which are trebled in the case of the dull and idle, for such an intellec- tual result. It will begin to be doubted whether any man, destitute of literary tastes and aptitude, should be sent to a place of high literary culture, and whether he had not much better be put at once to make his living in some less intellectual calling. This question will be more anxiously raised now that the mul- tiplied examinations, and the increased risk of "plucks" (which we believe the majority of passmen encounter under the present system at one stage or other of their career), add to the dangers of debt and dissipation a very great chance of coming away labelled as a fool. "The mere pass can never be considered justifiable for any man of commonly good abilities, commonly good health, and commonly good education." If a man is wanting in these requsites, had he not better stay away from the university? We understand that one college, a little intoxicated by success, has determind to take no undergraduates who are not candiates for honours. The college in question, which has hitherto possessed almost exclusive the advantage of open fellowships, and has owed its supremacy to that circum- stance, will probably be very speedily brought to a sense of its position by the opinioning of the fellowships in other colleges But the judgment thus pronounced on the vale of a "pass" and of " passmen" is significant, and may perhaps lead to general conclusions. Mr. Burrows's remarks as to the most effective and healthy way of working are good. He is right, we apprehend, in thinking that five hours in the morning, including lectures and to time spent in going backwards and forwards between them, with three or four hours in the evening—about eight hours real work in all—will be as much as most men can get through to good purpose. The eye may do more, but the brain will not. The rules given for self-training are perhaps a little mechanical, but of course Mr. Burrows can only write for those to whom rather mechanical rule sure likely to be of use. There can be no doubt as to the justice of his view in regard to the connexion between steady industry and a good life, and between both and the capacity for real enjoyment. As little can it be questioned that he is right in exerting his Telemachus not to confine his attention to the intellectual part of his nature, but at the same time to strengthen his body by rigorous and exhilarating exercise. Men must not forgot that after gaining their class, they have still to climb the steep hill of life, and that it will not do to exhaust their physi- cal strength and animal spirits at the bottom of that ascent. A fellowship is so great a prize that it is a little apt both to induce excessive exer tions, and too much to bound the aspirant's view. Moderation must be observed in physical exercises. Intellectual labour and bodily exertion draw upon the same spring of energy in the brain, as any man will perceive who tries to read a hard book or write after a day's hunting. We doubt whether there are many men who can with impunity unite hard trading for a class with rowing races in their college boat. Æsthetic relaxation should not be neglected, and industry will probably gain by the spread among reading men of a taste for music—the best of all refreshments for the mind, provided it be kept within anything like due bounds. Mr. Burrows very properly in- culcates, as the means of procuring a good frame of mind, an attention to the services of the college chapel, "not grudging and formal, but hearty and willing,"— which perhaps it would be more rational to expect if the attendance were "willing," and not compulsory, and if the daily service were not so long. After all, that "equal de- velopment on all sides of our being" at which Mr. Burrows aims is an ideal which almost nobody will attain. Men will be one- sided. They will cultivate their special gift more or less to the prejudice of the rest. But they may be induced to cultivate the rest so far as is necessary to the health and efficiency of the one. Mr. Burrows dutifully enters a protest against; " the shortsighted and mistaken view" that the lectures of college tutors are a waste of time, and ought to be evaded by reading men. But his defence of them does not ap- pear to us very satisfactory. He admits that thev are necessarily composed of men very ill-assorted, that "the standard of scholar- ship in the lecturer is generally far below what what the classman requires," and that "his ears are pained, his temper tried, by the blundering performances of his companions." If this is not waste of time, what is? What will disgust a clever youth with his work, and make him despise his instructors, if this will not? Things are better managed in the sixth form of a good public school ; and besides, in the sixth form of a public school there is the motive power of emulation which is entirely wanting in the lecture-room of a college tutor. What can be a more unmixed nuisance or injustice to a man who is reading perhaps for a University scholarship than to have his morning cut up, and his time consumed, in listening to con- struing perhaps for inferior to that of the boys among whom he was a year ago at Eton, or Harrow, or Rugby? It may be very true that "few men have been so unfortunate as not to find that careful and regular attention to the established rules has resulted in making a personal friend of the tutor, and has secured them valuable assistance out of lecture as well as in it." But why should riot this personal intercourse and guidance, which is the good part of the tutorial system, be given without the bad part? Why should a degrading waste of time, which, with defer- ence to Mr. Burrows, attendance at tutors' lectures too often is, be exacted as the price of rational assistance? When will Oxford edu- cators learn that they have young men to deal with, and that it is absurd to treat them as boys? We must demur also to the statement that "the controversies as to the respective merits of the tutorial and professorial systems which divided the university some time ago have left it, for all practical purposes, pretty near where it was before they began." Ten years ago, the professorial part of the present system, practically speaking, did not exist. There was the ghost of a professorial staff, but sub- stance there was none. It is, perhaps, modesty that makes Mr. Burrows speak somewhat slightingly of private tutors as "an irregular and occasional part of the University machinery." An "irregular" part they may be, but, like many "irregularities," they are, practically, the most important part of the whole. Many college tutors act as private tutors to "reading parties" in the Long Vacation, and probably their best work is done in that capacity. An undergraduate reading for his examination has generally sense enough to know the article he wants, and the article he wants is supplied by the private tutor. As to the idea of getting men, with public examinations before them, to go through a course of college lectures not bearing on the examination, as a salutary, mental exercise, it is, to use the phrase of the Regent Murray, "a devout imagination." Let the University take care to demand the right things of the student in the public exami- nations, and the student will, with the help of a good college tutor's advice, guidance, and encouragement, generally find the right pre- paration for himself. In recommending books, Mr. Burrows is naturally a little influenced by Oxford par- tialities. In particular, he pays far more than the due respect to the narrow logical acuteness of Mr. Mansel. He very properly condemns the retention, as a University text-book, of the wretched and antiquated compendium of Ald- rich, "when the first business of the college and private tutor is invariably to pick this text-book to pieces, and to show how almost every sentence is either wrong or unsatisfac- tory—when every student has thus to go through an organised process of learning and unlearning, of making a retrograde movement with every progressive one, like a man going up the cindery side of Vesuvius." Mr. Bur- rows suggests a committee of three to draw up a new text book. But, probably, Mr. Mansel would be the man, if he would only turn his peculiar faculties to their proper use, and leave his unhappy tampering, at a great crisis of human faith, with such a subject as natural religion. Elsewhere, Mr. Burrows falls a little too much into the affected Spartanism of Oxford educators, and seems inclined lo think that books are useful because they are hard. He does not seem to disapprove the exaction of the spurious books of Aristotle's Ethics. Yet a moment's reflection must con- vince him that the enormous labour spent upon this crabbed rubbish is the very thing to de- stroy the student's appetite for reading, and to make all philosophy and all intellectual labour repulsive. Suppose it were the case of an Eng- lish book—suppose a quantity of such stuff had been interpolated into Butler's Analogy— would anybody recommend a student to devote to the interpolations more time and labour than to the genuine and useful parts of the book? Again, Mr. Burrows seems to approve of the practice of plucking men, who would otherwise have got a high class, for fail- ing to answer some childish questions in the cram styled "divinity," on the ground that, if this were not done, "divinity" would become a farce. Oxford divinity must be in a hopeful state if nothing will prevent it from becoming a farce but absurdity and injustice. Are Cam- bridge divines inferior to Oxford divines? Facts say No. We cannot help objecting also to a certain Oxford twang in some expressions as to the tendency of particular works. No opinions are "formidable" but those which are false. No reasoner is your "enemy." who sincerely desires to bring you to the truth. No "ignorance" can possibly be "bliss" to a being formed by his Maker for the pursuit of knowledge. No "argument," if it be sound, can "rob" you of any "birthright" or any "hopes" which, either as a "christian" or as a "man," you are concerned to retain. The day is past when active-minded youths could be much influenced by such denunciations. The following is very good advice to an anxious candidate for honours on the eve of his examination :— But whether the work has been well brought under hand, or only just completed by the very last week, all will allow that the last few days at least should be kept religiously free from any exercise of the brain. Nothing is so completely suicidal as the opposite course, and in nothing is it so difficult to resist the morbid delusions of which the imagination is the victim at such times of mental pressure. One is apt to fancy that just a little more work can do no damage, that such and such a gap is left in one's preparations, that such and such ques- tions are sure to be asked, or some rumour reaches the ear of the course the examination is likely to take. The last days are thus em- ployed as if everything depended on the use made of every minute, and perhaps the very nights—those nights of which every mo- ment spent in sleep is really precious for the end in view—consumed in eager poring over the books. Most probably not one of the points thus greedily caught at during these last feverish days will come forward in the Exami- nation, and even if they do, the mind will be so thoroughly jaded and used up, the power of reproducing so completely gone, that no- thing satisfactory will be made of them. In short, if the work has been properly prepared, it will be producible at the proper time ; if it has not been so prepared, the cramming at last will do no good, but rather harm ; that is to say, what has been learnt, however imperfectly, will be perhaps hopelessly damaged, It has been said, we believe, by Oxford wits, that Mr. Burrows ought to write another book, called "Luck and Pluck." No doubt, after the hardest efforts and the most skilful training, luck has something to do with it, though less with the class than with the pass. Those who have read hard, but whom luck has failed, may derive some consolation from the following sensible remarks :— A word remains to be said on the result of the Examination, as evidenced by the appear- ance, after some fourteen days' weary suspense, of an unimposing-looking piece of paper on the door of the schools. Insignificant, however, as it looks, fortunate is the man who can fight his way to inspect it among some hundreds of eager expectants who have been thronging the quadrangle for hours. In a few minutes it will be telegraphed to all parts of the country, and it will appear next morning in the large type of the Times. What is the value of this result? It has already been maintained that the actual place in the class list is in reality a point of interior importance. Yet who can deny that a high place is indeed a legitimate object of ambition ; that it is the just reward of honest labour wisely pursued ; that it is a credential to a man starting in life ; that it is an encouragement to him to proceed in a course of self-improvement ; that it is a justi- fication to himself and his friends of the ex- pense incurred, and the time abstracted from pursuits which might have brought in a speedier return ; that it is often so much money, so much actual income? It would be absurd to attempt to deny such self-evident truths ; yet it may be confidently asserted, that all this is as nothing compared to the value of the course of education by means of "Literæ Humaniores" (when pursued as supposed in the preceding sketch) to the mind and charac- ter. It is the old story of the treasure hid in some uncertain part of the field. The labour spent upon the search is the treasure itself. This cannot be taken away by any of th ap- parently capricious circumstances which, in spite of all care on the part of examiners to preserve uniformity of standard, on the part of those examined to guard against failure, will yet not seldom influence the class. And there are cases where a view may be taken of failure which may sound even more Paradoxical than the preceding. Such failure may really turn out to a man a far more valu- able thing than success. If accepted as it ought to be, it may be the means of forming a more healthy manly temper of mind than the oposite result. It may be the starting point of fresh exertions of a higher kind and a more enduring value. Nor is the Oxford Class-course intended to be a mere stimulant for intellectual studies, the weakest and shallowest view which can be taken of it. Its object is to form the highest type of man, the most honest student, the most industrious explorer, the most patient labourer, the most solid, sound, broad, wise thinker, the most practical administrator, the most judicious educator, the best grounded divine. These are the characteristics which may indubitably be claimed for those worthies who made Oxford illustrious in days gone by. It was the same sort of training as that which has been sketched above, less developed on some points, more on others, which formed those master-minds. Its effects are not far to seek in living examples. The names of many such will occur to every one, and a long list might be inserted here, if it were not somewhat pre- sumptuous, as well as invidious to others, to point them out for praise. The professions of a clergyman, of a schoolmaster, of a barrister, of a statesman, of a physician, of a literary man, the life of the man of leisure, seem indeed to be those for which such education is most directly available, but it is perhaps, for any walk of life, especially in conjunction with the Second Schools about to be mentioned, the very best that has ever yet been devised. Let us add the practical remark that men get first classes in very different ways—some by strength of intellect, some by refinement, some with bodily energy, some without it ; and that a first classman must not jump, or allow the ambition of his friends to force him, to the con- clusion that, because he has gained a literary honour, he has the physical strength and the animal spirits, or even the texture of mind, necessary for the most arduous professions. Not a few lives, we suspect, have been made, if not useless and unhappy, less useful and less happy than they might otherwise have been by a misapprehension of the real significance of a first class. Mr. Burrows confines himself to the can- didatos, and says nothing of the examiners. But, while speaking of the efforts men make to get classes, and the money and health they stake on them, we must once more protest against the manner in which Oxford Examiners are appointed, and the total neglect of proper precautions to secure their impartiality. It is most unjust and most scan- dalous that the proctors—men nominated with- out the smallest regard to literary qualifications merely as heads of the university police— should be allowed to use as patronage, appoint- ments on which the reward of many a gallant struggle and of much self-sacrifice depend. And it is less unjust, and no less scandalous that college and private tutors should be per- mitted to examine and class their own pupils, of whose papers they cannot, if they have com- mon feeling (to say nothing of pecuniary interest), be impartial judges. How can the university visit with severe penalties the slight- est approach to foul play on the part of can- didates when she is so little jealous of her own honour?—Saturday Review. Life and its Changes.—Most of our readers will have recently noticed placards about the town, and advertisements in our columns, requesting information as to the whereabouts of a Mr. Paget O'Grady, who was at one time bullock-driving in this district. The following extract from a Dublin paper of 13th October explains why Mr. O'Grady was wanted: —"The Hon. Paget O'Grady, now Lord Guillamore, has reached London from Australia, to claim the estates of his late bro- ther. The people of the district where the estates are located, wish him success, he being extremely popular and well liked, and a gene- ral favourite, and hope he will gain his rights." —Ovens Constitution. A private of the 2nd Life Guards, has been dismissed from the regiment for having beaten his wife. 