'CHURCH PARTIES. On the (bird Sunday in Advent (says the Durjinm Advertiser') au admirable sermon was preached in Durham Cathedral by tho Venera ble Archdeacon Ooxe, of Lindisfarne, on tho words, ' Ever learning and never able to come to the knowledge or the trutn," (2 inn. 111. 1) in the course of which the preacher animad verted in powerful and impressive, terms upon some of the religious tendencies of the present day; towards the close he alluded to -the recent volume of Essays and Reviews. We quote the conclusion of the sermon . " In thus contemplating man's way wardness, we have had a gloomy picture before us ; bat a shadow of yet deeper intensity,' a darkness thick indeed, woujd be thrown over it, could I bring before you the extravagant, the.apalling length to which infidel speculation , has' 'been carried during the. current .year by ordained members' of our own Church, the very guides to wham I have just referred, While separate and distinct publications have ussailed' particu lar doctrines— the atonement, the resurrection of the body, the future judgment, and others- it has been the drift and object of a volume of collected 'essayB to obliterate at onco and al together the record on which everv Christian hope depends. I may not hesitate to term thuf volume 1 the most astounding production that ever proceeded — I will not say from a (Christian university, but from nny man or men still daring to profeBS Christ's name ! ; To prove that the Bible— that all external revela tion—is a fiction ; that man can have no know- lndgfi.-no.strenutb.inj) .hope, no sah'tttion, but- that which his own insti'ncUvq" Internal . con sciousness can supply (a mere borrowed exhi bition of the 'God within the ' breast' of the Stoic philosopher)— this, is the work which. or dained ministers of our church and accredited instructors of our children, the reguis professor — the theological lecturer, the . college tutor, the bead of the popular public school,' the par ish priest the elaborate denial, I say, of the Saviour who bought them, of the God whose sworn servants they are— this has been the work which such men have thought compatible with their dimming resolutions and . solemnly reiterated vows. Without regret or shame has the volume been put forth ; and without rebuke or reprehension — -nay,- with ihe seeming en- couragement of public approval, of Royal favor and of official sufferance —it circulates at this hour. Well may the mass of believers, wonder stricken and aghast, be enquiring, what after all is the Church's faith ? and. where is Iter corrective discipline ? Shall we refer them — shall we dare to refer them — to an open Bible, to au apostolic ministry, to Catholic creeds, to Scriptural articles, offices, and ordinances? What, to a Bible so. ruthlessly assailed, so elanlrlit nnrl fnmplo a mSniefnti oiuuu1j umu, ihlhvy wuiuuwuu t . -a vi 41 s-ujuiblfljt so rife with rebel treason, unrebuked, encou raged ? To creeds and formularies so disho nestly accepted, so contemptuously cast away ? For very shnme's sake 1 could make no such reference now ; . but, if the feeble voice of one man could reach and influence his brethren and fellow laborers, the pulpits of England should know no other topic till this degrading scandal were removed. This very day we are bidding men ' so to account of us as of the Mi nisters of Christ and stewards of the mysteries of God.' See Epistle for Third Sunday in Advent.) And such, no doubt, according to the purpose and ordinance of our master, Christ — such we ever should be. But then. ' It is required iu stewards that a man be found faithful.' " ; . , An Actress '' with Five Husbands. — Kate Collins,' a ballet dancer, who has for some time been bewitching the residents in the Irish capital, suddenly vanished, her object being- to escape, from the clutches of the law ; the gentle Kitty being charged with marrying no less than five husbauds, each of whom had been remitting her weekly sums for her.gap- port. The diseryi-j-wasf mdeibyiiihe.aiuex- ! pected -meetingi'pFHwedmii1 the &ttd;'ed;'Bab'edf&t8; j MFtfestifiahg: t ',1't.l- IW&iiUlillVw;'tlllliiii BruuWl'i ' 1a' vllvBi y' KBNpAny— Thh.'KehdBh' jKwviHy ;-relitteh ithe! following st'rangei'ato¥y;:— At'ithfe'hjgK;end'o,f j Stramongate, in Kitty Gibson's yard, stand some very old buildings, and in one of these, a part of which faces tho street, and was, about a century ago, a public house,' known by the sign of the Black Horse; the following strange occurrence tookplacea few days ago ; — There is a cottage at the upper end of this yard, which is occupied by' a man named Joseph Al- linson, bobbin turner, aud one of the inmates, a young woman, of the name of Maria Alien, ; sister of Mrs Allison, is the medium through which the strange story now in circulation, has: been set afloat. It appears that 'on Monday; evening last, whilst some five or six men and women were 'sitting by the fireside downstairs, all at once they were considerably alarmed by some heavy sounds, as if some one was knock ing violently in a room upstairs j : this noise continued for some- time— knock— knock — knock — louder and- louder. What could be the cause of this fearful noise ? It was sug-. gested that perhaps the poor young woman ill in bed and helpless, might have fallen on the floor, and was kuocking for assistance. On 1 proceeding to the apartment, she gave forth, this'cu'vious revelation,' which bids fair to euiu- ; lata the far famed Cock lane Ghost. V An ap parition had visited her, which she, was per mitted to behold.for a time; and then her eye sight left her as' before, the figure of a man dressed in black, of a grim and rough aspect." .She. deecribes something breathed in her: face ; —that the lighted candle, in the room burned : dim,: and finally either went out of its' own ao- : cord, or was extinguished by some' uhseen: haud, when 'the figure appeared as stated.' On. acquiring sufficient utterance, she. inquired of i the ghost; in the. name of the Holy Trinity,,; why she was. troubled with his presence Ou; the third tiiiie of asking, the spectre spoke in aj tliick,, hdsky, hollo w voice, telling her,'.'; whilst pointiog in the direction below, to follow him; to the cellar of the house, where, on removing! the flagstone of the hearth, something' would, ba found buried,,. whieh was the special purpose of his visit, i to reveal. On stating this, the form of the unearthly wisitant vanished like a dim shadow; Slowly and silently the parties in. the; bo, u3e. went to, the locality in the cellar pointed, .out by the man in black — dug up the hearth flag, and found a quantity of hones, which yet remain for the inspection of the cu rious, buried a little below the surface. A quantity of hops, in goad preservation wero found scattered here and there over the soil. These bones, human tbey are said to be by some accounted competent judges in such mat ters, have been examined by scores of people. Their state of decay leads to the supposition that a long, bug time has elapsed since they were put beneath the ground, but whether somnfopi unnatural murder had been committed of,, anciept date,, long, hidden, but now come out under- these circumstances, we dre not pre pared to- say; 