METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. (From the Liverpool Albion, March 18 | bTOCK-TAXi>Q is again the cabinet order, or disorder of the day,-Saturday- foreign stocks being the real home insecurity, over-riding and underlaying all things else. What is the problem The insoluble one-the Sphinx, -shorn the little CSdipus of Chesham - place is perpetually peking with notes of interroga- tion, and is receiving for rejoinder invitations in the come Riddle-me-ree " strain that Bet him beside himself while trying to get the blind side of other people. The witches'' cauldron about the Syrian hash is simmering and bubbling with increasing caloric every hour of every day, and if it does not presently boil, over, and Bet the entente cordiale a-blaze in fire and fury, then is the prescience that pierces. the Pyramids and fathoms the Suez Canal as sand-blind as if it had the dust of Cheops and all the pickled Ptolemies and Pharoahs in its eye. Boney cares not how soon there is a bone to pick there, for he knows that, sooner or later, his picker and stealer work must be consummated by collision with the power that professes to be the police of Europe; and he considers that he may as well defy cuffs at first as handcuffs afterwards. The short and the long of it is, the French mean to exemplify that fine forensic morale which, enunciates that pas" session of nine points of the law-lex talionis, that is, they are in for much, and they mean to go in for more, for all, for everything. Good reason, at least good Napoleonic reason, why they should. First, the retention of Syria in French hands is the blood-money for the pre-arranged Mus. Icovic murder of the Sick Man, the Kremlin , accomplice of the Tuileries Thug agreeing to wink at the garotting of Prussia. Secondly, it enables our ambidextrous ally to play off his lege domain in the religious line, pretending \- great anxiety for the welfare of that church in the last, of whose head, meaning the tiara, he is making a football in the west. The Gallic clergy, who do so much of the missionary work in the oriental world, are invited or inspired to make representations to the Eldest Son as to the condition of the faithful, and they represent it as alarming now, and sure to be most awful if the troops of the great civilizing nation be withdrawn. The troops of the great civilizing nation won't be withdrawn. They will go on a civilizing, as they have commenced and continued civilizing, on the Second of December model, and for objects as disinterested and philanthropic, till the wholesalethroat-cuttings, burnings, robberies, Yelvcr \- seizing, and other gentle blooded phlebotomizings, shall have worked the Turks up to a proper sanguiniferously Christian frame of mind, and then the Nephew of his Uncle will re-enact the El Arish and Mount Labour Mamaluke- massacreing business, and perhaps the Jaffa business too, for, after all, one stiff dose of opium to the sick in extremis is preferable to continued houses of Cayenne for those who are well. All this is becoming thoroughly] known to every (one concerned except the principal individual, namely, Mr. Bull, who never knows an iota of anything till knowledge is useless ; but as he is told he is omniscient, he pities and despises the ignorant foreigner, and orders two penny newspapers instead of one, as if in the multiplication of parrots there was an augmentation of wisdom because there is an aggravation of noise. Lord John is at his wits' end, and declares that the I Gauls must tramp ; to. which Thouyenel rejoins to the strain of the. Hortense march, Partant pour la M/m land-orders fresh detachments from Marseilles, deaf to all botheiation about Vattel, and as regardless of-what Lord Somers would think of the present w ma lion as is probably the ghost of that Russell-bored whig himself. That the miMindewtandmg is ripening fast to a thorough understanding of what each is after admits of small doubt; and that smallness is diminished nearly to the vanishing point by the pugnacious philippic of the Premier on Tuesday, touching French armaments and armies, about whose drift into Tiverton aucur affected no manner of mistake; audit is hard to see how there can longer be room for any. Continuous cabinet councils may be accounted for on this SyiiBn score alone ; but there are plenty of other points of perplexity pregnant with admonition of dangers -ahead, and" demanding peculiarly skilful j pilotage. One of these is Dunlop's motion, of Tuesday next, for a committee to inquire into the history of those mysterious Affghan papers whose cooking constitutes the romance of blue-book manufacture; showing how the minister of a constitutional monarchy may flagrantly pervert facts of the most momentous kind, and actually convert the machinery and safeguards of publicity into the means of baton boozlement and hoodwinking such as the Council of Ten never ventured to practise on the Venetian Senate or people in the worst days of the Adriatic republic. For nearly a quarter of a century has the secret of this incredible nefariousneaa- the falsification of Sir Alexander Eames' dispatches to the home Government against the invasion of Afghanistan, v he reas he was represented to Parliament as inciting to that atrocity been on the point of being dragged to light but, through one device or another, all the mere subterranean in proportion to its apparent ostentation-has the day of reckoning been put off. So it probably will be again, on Tuesday, through a count out, or some similar manoeuvres, of which, the public will no more apprehend the purport than if the matter were so much necromancy, and the performers wizards and their familiars. Still, it is of the last importance to be prepared for the expose, in case it should be made, for a single spark may fire the whole train, and lay in ruins the fabric and fabrications of a lifetime, just as an hour's absence from his fraudulent ledger sufficed to reveal Bui den's dozen years' biddings at the Commercial Bank. Meantime, the mere notice of Dunlop's motion lies served as an opportunity for putting forth an analysis of the two blue- books-the cause of one of '39, and the true one of '59 with the astounding suppressed passages in red ink, typical of the iniquity their concealment intended to cover and on the title page of this dissection is the annexed passage from Mr. Kaye, the well-known historian of' Affghanistan, and a trusted and honoured public functionary in a department where his -late are of a character not to be gainsaid, namely, "These collections of State papers, which are supposed to furnish the best materials for history, are often in reality only one-sided compilations of garbled documents, counterfeits which the ministerial stomp force into currency, defrauding the present generation, and hand- ing down to posterity a Chair of dangerous lies." Talking of recent scenes in the Commons, there is another to be chronicled, a further, and it is to be hoped, a final fiasco of Sir R. Peel's. The Tamworth baronet's Quixotic greetings on his newly mounted religious Rosinante, here bible in Spain Borrowings, *a are relished by the house with great good humour. Everybody supposed that the Drayton highflyer was " in for a lark," as he himself would express it in the casino vernacular and that he was really taking a rise out of the Newdegate noodleomaniacs by a sort of Pantagruel exaggeration of their mean derings. Fatal Mistake ! Liston was playing Hamlet in earnest, and became furious at the supposition that he was personating the glass of fashion and the mold of form a la Paul Pry. Of all men in her Majesty's dominions, whom should the ill-starred belligerent single out to vent his chagrin upon but the Pcelcidaio Benjamin, the all-caustic Caucasian, the Maccabean member for Bucks. That Sir Robert's gorge should rise at anything savouring of the Ten [per Cent 1 Tribe just now may be natural enough ; But only pietemational folly could have impelled him to rush upon fate in this fashion. Priam asBailing not even Pyrrhus, but Achilles, would have been a dis- creet exercise of valour in comparison. He, not the old Trojan, but the middle-aged Midlander, accused Disraeli of laughing at him, and then of always laughing ; two monstrosities of nonsense, as every one in the House knows. Disraeli never laughs at anybody or anything, unless it be at everybody and everything in his sleeve and his performance in that kind of exclamation must be in a terminable. If old Joe Miller went off in a single fusillade, it would not raise a ripple of visibility on that bronze-statuesque countenance most impelled ttable'of visages, which seems to be eternally turning up its nose as if to snub Lavater and the physiognomist quack. The right honorable had his right eye fixed on the ceiling, and his left round the corner of the Serjeant-at-Arms' chair, his custom always of an afternoon ; thinking perhaps of what was going on in his native Arabia, or meditating on the propagation of artichokes for the next Aylesbury farmers ordi- nary extraordinary ; when lo ! Sir Robert charged upon him with an accusation of uttering. Better have trod on the tail of a cobra with sandalled foot. Up rose the Asiatic aspic, and down went the British goose, transfixed with basilisk glance and corrosive tongue the coup re- calling how the paternal " arch- mediocrity" was felled in 45, and recalling also that the now smitten son of that stricken sire danced sycophantic attendance at the first levee of the slaughterer, when Chancellor of the Exchequer in '52. As if the Disraelian scarification were not enough, Speaker Denison laid a handful of piping hot saltpetre into the gaping wound, which so inflamed the offender that he attempted to bully the chair, in Cremorne-waiter Style, and the matter was becoming very painful indeed. Fortunately the Fidus Achates of the family, Graham, was at hand, that is at the unfortunate Pickle's elbow and leaning across the gangway with an elasticity worthy of Astley's boneless acrobat, the Knight of Netherby whispered the baronet to a back out, in double quick time, of his double often sit veness to Disraeli and the Speaker. This the hu tabled blustered did as brusquely as he had tumbled into the blunder, for he has not the least that of any kind, i He simply said he apologised and then rattled off by a rate his cuckoo notes. But they fell dead on the House, whole ear, and something else he had lost, and will never recover and so he will have to find what consolation he can in keeping up the delusion out of doors that because he contrives to obtain a good deal of print in the newspapers he produces a corresponding impression in Parliament-the exact reverse being the case. This episode destroyed another intended debate on the Italian question, for which annihilation the , gods be praised. Baillie Cochrane had the blue-book in his hand, ready to go off at full cock ; primed to the breach with detonating powder,- and loaded to the muzzle with much lead. He hoped to follow up the sharpshooting, and very sharp it was, of a new toryfied proposal Zouave Cavendish Ben. think, the member for Taunton and son of the late Lord Frederick. He is a decided acquisition to the conservatives, to whose ever increasing complacency his debut has considerably contributed. Ministers have no such felicitations. Their last newman, T. G. Baring, the War Sub Sec, U another of those stereotyped juvenile antiques of the Fred. Peel stampers boy at 35, and certain to be as much of a boy at 53 and ditto a century later for that matter whipper-snapper Methus'alem," as Moere so truly sang of another infantile statesman of vast garrulity and infinitesimal performance. This Baring, young Baring, as it is the fashion to call him, on the lucus a non principle, because he isn't young, was private secretary to three whig Brahmins of the most sacred caste. Labouchere, Sir G. Grey, and Wood, and a stick he turns out at last, making a melancholy muddle of the Army Estimates, despite a loud drum-major voice, and martinet manner, and regimental schoolmaster " get up " of the business and despite, moreover, of the prompt- ings of Palmerston, who sat beside him, and seemed to feel great difficulty to keep from sleeping, and yet a great desire to do so. He now sleeps with his mouth wide open, much oftener than he used. The rigidity and crookedness of his fingers are increasing, though he still writes rapidly, note after note, on his knees, and without glasses and in other respects looks as well as ever. But this growing somnolency is becoming more remarkable and perhaps it is by way of mesmeric, or rather galvanic antidote to it that the Right Hon. Mr. R. Lowe has just mounted an amazingly happy wide-awake, at which the assembled wisdom shakes its head know- ing that there must be something wondrously down, in the wind when such a beaver is worn up Still adhering to individualización in Parliament, it is worth note that, on Tuesday, Lord John crossed over the floor, and had a confidential confab with the leader of opposition, much to the astonishment of the led and misled herd on both sides, who couldn't make an TV? any Stanley was between the pair, will live- 2m casy. acrOSS his 63s. W not T«. e&behvm;«d it" This SM when the- Speaker was Salve v 9 and for few "minutes taking refreshment, of which he must have needed a double allowance after an awfully long speech by Colonel Sykes an able and an honest man himMif feet who- having Condoned illegality in the executive, [therein differing from noble old General Thompson, who calls crime crime no matter who the criminals,] has lost weight, and become vapid. "While the colonel was talking, in tame the victor advocate in the Yelverton case, and as he was hurrying to his feat, past the Speaker's chair, Denison laid hold of him, and doubtless had all the ins and outs about the much-mooning Father Mooney, and the " suppressed passages, and the offer munitions particulars, as Lady Charlotte Bury HEld to call the Bergumi poses in Queen Caroline's plistiques. Whiteside having unbosomed him But of this perilous stuff", set off to the budget holder of his party, the author of Henrietta Temple-a Love Every, not half so romantic rib Miss Longworth's and the oriental fancy of the Hebraic was regaled with the ticklish details, and was doubt Icib our) scandalized by the presentments of Christian depravity. Edwin James, Bovill, and a host of legal pTolestionala next came over to congratulate the lady orator, who finally subsided into a prolonged tete-a-tete with his neighbour, Lord John Manners, whose notions of " old wobilitie " must have under- gone a charge, it is to be presumed, because of the new doctrine by to the immunities and obligations of " gentle blood." But, after all, the deterioration and the degeneration from the better standard of better days are conspicuous in everything in every place, in nothing more than politics, and nowhere so much as in Palace Yard. If the member for Bucks were aged only 18 in '61, as he-was in 28, when he wrote Vivian Grey, he might, without pretending to thepatriarchallo^gevity of his Abrahaminical race, reasonably hope to outlive that British Constitution which he therein ridiculed as the shabbiest of shams, though he afterwards indicated a Buv.nymedean " Vindication " of it to please he Yankee ex- republican Copley, then keeper of the King's conscience. Cancer, or galloping consumption, or the fatality which forearms the mortuary finale tennis to be Ecizhigon the whole parliamentary system and its personnel of public men; and without being a nine minutes', much less a nine days' wonder, thing B are now daily done or left undone, the doing or not doing of any one of which would formerly have smote the general sense as presaging chaos and everlasting squash. The spectacle of stupendous self-stultification on Wednesday last, in the Commons, on Locke King's motion, passes that Human Understanding to which, an ancestor of Ltcke's once furnished a master key, but now wholly inapplicable to the "turnkeys" and unguardable awards to be dealt with. In the panorama of political profligacy and personal paltriness which Macaulay has finished the unfolding of, in his half-finished fifth volume, there is little meaner and nothing near so imndlesB as this exhibition. The alternate tricksters and trickles of the Jacobite and Williamite era had at least the manliness to defend each new set of sentiments they took up, and the decency to say they were ashamed of those they had abandoned. But we have outlived all that sort of squeamishness and the answer a placemen makes to the re- proach of having obtained office by patriot professions, is analogous to the horse laugh wherewith a thimble rigging charlatan greets the interrogatory of a stable minded dupe who wants to know why the pea wasn't found where it appeared to be deposited. Time was when Viere such avowals made by leading men as fell from the Treasury on Wednesday, as to reasons for taking up reform in the Tea Boom and Willis's, and abandoning it in Downing-street, all the little men of the least self-respect would have thrown up their seats ; stood not upon the order of their going, but have gone at once, pell-mell into Pall- mall, kicked the cook out of the Reform Club ; flung the dishes and spoons through the window, to the tune of "High Diddle Diddle, the Cat and the Fiddle ;" proBciibed politics and for the remainder of their sublunary spell put themselves en rapport with rappers concerning ruling spirits of the other world, so as to make up for governing bodies without spirits in this. There isn't an Oxford, or Cambridge, or even a London University man in the house, who would not treat the thing in this sense if he got such a theme for a prize essay competitive examination exercise. Any other handling would be deemed impossible and as for the Bad dogs in office who had so rattled, no end of tin kettles would be appended to their tails, in dislocating hexameters, and excruciating Alexandrines, long as sea-serpent, and resound- ing like rattlesnakes. But not an ear tingled, not a brow blushed, at the indignity. Talk of Lower Empire insensibility to ignominy, whether Byzantine or Bonapartean. Why nothing on the Bosphorus or the Seine ever equalled this on the Thames. There the helots crouched under an iron-handed despotism ; but here manhood succumbs to aggregate selfish puerility, which, nevertheless, goes through pseudo-independent gymnastics as though it could brandish the shillelagh of Alcides, or throttle the Nemean lion in a crack, as the energetic young gentleman at the Polytechnic did the Industrious Plea, by way of private lesson in entomology. The expression that no ear tingled, no brow blushed, must be taken with some material qualifica- tions. Ears did tingle, brows did blush, not, however, with shame, but with joy. Whose ears and brows were they The ears were of the longest and the brows of the brasses of that herd who would make the Commons their private property as much as they have done the Peers. The Carlton was in ecstasies at the finishing stroke they conceived that Finality had put to his pretensions about progress, and the result seems to have justified their calcula- tions. This time twelvemonth he brought down Lady John and Master John to listen to his " auspicious anniversary " shibboleth " Onward ! " but he at least had the decorum to keep them away now while he cried " Backward " " or at least tried to cry it, for the word stuck in his throat. Colonel Taylor, the new Conservative whip in place of Jolliffe, laid on the lash with the ardour of Miss Tisiphone, the animated young lady who cat-o'-nine teen tails the impS in Erebus and the issue I has promoted the Colonel prodigiously in his party's esteem. He sent out his foolscap missive headed, "Very Important. You are reminded that Mr. Locke King's County Franchise Bill, second reading, is the first order of the day for March 13th, and your attendance is particularly requested. T. Edward Taylor." Locke King vows that he will bring in his bill every Wednesday during the session, the motion being the previous question on Wednesday last. We find no game of this sort, and no necessity for it, in the epoch chronicled by Macaulay, 