Individual promises given uy members of coalition Ministries arc nothing worth. It may be gratifying to the inquiring consti tuent to ascertain that the candidate before him agrees with him in the abstract on any question ; but the philosophical concurrence1 avails but little if the object under discus sion is to be one of the matters of compro mise. We doubt not that the individual opinions of our new Government will be sin I guiany appropriate 10 me views 01 me ma jority in the several districts which they re present ; but what we to desire to learn is, not what the individual thinks, but what he j feels himself bound to insist upon ; not what1 1 he would do, if he had it all his own J way, but what, under existing circum- j stances, he will promise to have carried into ' execution by any Ministry of which he may be a member. And if it be necessary with any coalition for electors thus strictly to ' interrogate the members of the Govern ment, more especially is it so in one where j three gentlemen are irresponsible, and sub-' ject to no catechising by their constituents; for even when we have the pledges of those who have gone back for re-election, we shall ba still in doubt as to the -views of those who ! only hold portfolios. Mr Mitchell, Mr j Nicholson, andMrM'MAHONwillstill be free to act as they may choose, for they will have1 promised nothing. They may defiantly in-: sist upon having their own way, or break, up the Government. They may quietly; make themselves for the time the scapegoats! ! for the others, and the secrecy of the Esecu- j tive may be pleaded for the reticence of all! Jivcry constituency may ue assured ot tne ' correct opinions' of its individual member , — may be mesmerised into the belief that it was the gentlemen with the portfolios who ' overruled him. Now, how is all this to be ! prevented ? Simply by forcing from the ! candidate, with reference to all vital q\ies tions, the assurance that on such questions he will carry out his views, or resign. As to pensions, what are the views of the Government ? Have they agreed upon the regulations under which they shall be granted ? Have they agreed upon the amounts ? In the case of a person's having retired or been released from office on political grounds, within the meaning oi the Act, after two years, is his pension to be as great as that of one who retires after ten or twenty ? For how many persons will there be pensions at the rate proposed ? ' These are simple questions, but will not, we suspect, be . very readily answered. Yet, what easier than to answer them at once ? If the regulations are settled, let us know what they are : and, if not, let us be assured that they shall not be what it is feared they may — that they shall not hand over the whole fund to the first five Ministers who may have held office for two years, and then announced their own retirement on political grounds. 'What a premium on fal«'liood is th's ! To : dc m, at an nay.. u us, i\u;i one iwjuisuy ui i anotherf for terms making up two years, and then, on any pretext, to resign ' on political 'grounds,' is all the would-be pension-holder needs to do. He may get leave from his chief to serve in foreign troops, so long as there is no war existing, all to fill up the I time. He may resign at the right moment i on 'political grounds,' and obtain his pen | sion ; and after he has got it, he may take I office again, to assist in reversing the policy which he helped to inaugurate, and to en j deavor to prove the impropriety of the course which made him a Minister, and so gave him a pension! Let us k^iow then whether the Ministry are agreed upon this nninf nnrl if not. lf-r. 11s he informed what they will not agree to. As to the education and State-aid questions they are open — i. e., there is no use in opening them. Individual opinions of Ministers, if not too strong, have, at least, been too strongly expressed to admit of any compro mise in these matters. Their settlement, therefore, must await a more convenient season. With regard to the occupation licenses, what means Mr Duffy's latest ukase? Is the Minister of Justice — so called, we pre sume, in contradistinction to the Attorney General — the sole law adviser in this matter, or has Mr Ireland altered his views since the Heales Ministry acted in it upon his opinion? Mr Duffy's doubts as to the legal rights of the licensees show a want of deference to his learned colleagues at which we are surprised. Mr Ireland has, or had, a fixed conviction of the legality of Mr jlsrooke s proceeamg, anu yer, mr uurvY hesitates and questions. Probably Brod hibb has advised against them. Come we then to the Civil Service reduc tions. Do the Government mean to adopt the Heaxes scheme or not? Mr IIeales's Government appointed a commission of the non-political heads of department to effect a business-like classification of the Civil Ser vice, such as, without impairing its efficiency, would lower its cost. That has been done, and on the Healks estimates au enorm ous saving is shown in conse quence. The subject, surely, is of some importance, anu yet no auusion is made to it — and why ? In order that the electors generally may believe that the Heales Commission's proposal will be carried out, and that the Emerald Hill and St. Kilda inhabiting clerks may fancy it will not. ' Retrenchment' is the cry for . the public ; but ' no reduction in your staff ' or in your salaries,' is the understanding M'ith the Civil servants. Let us then have home questions and straightforward answers upon this point — let the clerks know whether, in ? changing from the Heaxes to the O'Shanassy dynasty, they do derive any pecuniary advantage, or only the compara turftlir V»rt*M»rtii onticrn/tf »rtn r\r limn rr rmirnvn an . by men of unparalleled ' social stand-, ' ingv' instead of by ordinary people. Let Mr Anderson and Mr Johnston claim the votes of those who approve of the reduc-' tions, or demand these of electors opposed to them ; but not both — surely not both. Even Mack ay was satisfied to deceive a majority of his constituency ; he never attempted to impose upon them all. TIip frnlri TCvnnrf. rlvtr.v rf-rlnr-fnnn nf t.VlfV Hkales Ministry — is that at an end, too ? Wo have individual opinions in favor of it, but what is the policy of the Ministry ? Mr O'Shanassy has not written another address, building his reputation as an author on his last justly-celebrated composition of the kind, but he has made a speech at Kilmore, in which tho question is not alluded to. Mr Wood has put forth his views, but not a word on this subject. Mr Levx, Mr -Fyke, and Dr Evans are by many supposed to have refused to join the Ministry, unless it advocated this reduction, and the sup position is strengthened by the fact that recourse has . been had in desperation to Johnston, Anderson, and M'Mahon, and that not a single gold-fields member holds a seat in the Cabinet. We have, we repeat, been favored with ' individual ' opinions,' on this subject, as on others, but, pray, what is the policy ot the Govern ment ? That is the only thing we care to know. What, we ask, and we beg the electors to ask, are the intentions of the Govern ment of which honorable candidates form a part, on all these 'questions, and on all the leading topics of the Heales programme ? What are tho industries to be subsidised, without any violation of the principles of free-trade ? Mr Lalok, Mr M'Cann, and Mr Cummins naturally presume that their constituents are to be benefited by the scheme, or they would not have voted out the late Government in favor of the present. Is it to be so ? But we need not multiply questions as to the policy of the Government on all these various matters. One will be enough, and that is — have they any policy at- all ? Addison, with quaint humor, says he has known many a play saved from utter per dition through having a ghost in it. It was enough that the actor should be arrayed in white, and look like some corpse that . ' Revisits thuB the glimpses of the moon.' He had merely to glide from side wing to side wing, or appear and disappear through a trap door, and the play was rescued from its doom. The gentlemen who undertook the formation of the present Government were sagacious enough to perceive that if they were to survive even for a brief season, there must be a ghost among them. They wanted sadly to show themselves in company with a being who was jn'esumcd to breathe another at mosphere from themselves — some one, or the semblance of some one, who had gone through the world decently enough to be allowed to come back without a strong smell of brimstone. Now, — as Mr O'Shanassy and Mr Duffy hud just agreed not toaccuse each other of lying any more, and Mr Wood had undertaken to believe the asseverations of Mr Duffy before ' he grew black in the ' face,' and Mr Ireland had promised that he would try and not make grimaces at Mr Wood in future, and Mr Wood had agreed not to pronounce Mr Ireland unfit to hold the office of Attorney- General, — all these things having been accomplished, there was, a fair chance of forming an Adminisr tration. The only want was a gentleman ' in white,' just to show that communica tion with the Elysian fields had been re opened. Mr Nicholson kindly undertook to be the ghost of a Minister, and save the play from perdition. He was about the only available gentleman on that side the House who could wear the robe of a ghostly Candidas with any thing like propriety. Had any of the others attempted the guise, that mysterious retributive power which re produces murder stains in new deal board3 might have dotted over the alba toga with black blotches indicative of past crimes. They might perhaps any of them have ap peared as an emissary of his Satanio ma jesty, but the decent respectable ghost who had been in good company since his days of office, did not lie in their rOle. We hope Mr Nicholson will play the ghost with dignity and discretion. .He ought to show a stolid indifference to Sill sublunary things, submissively contemplate those errors and peccadilloes which are proper to mortals, but in which a gentleman of ethereal constitution can have no possible uuuuuxu. £\\.u turn 13 xcquircu ui mm ia tuui he should show himself at intervals, bearing au imaginary portfolio, and strut up and down with a mournful air before au awe stricken audience. His taciturnity ought rarely to be broken, and then only with such sententious observations as shall sink I deep into the hearts of his auditory. Being a ghost, albeit a Saxon ghost, he will not be af fected by that peculiar kind of Irish snuff which has its name from its remarkable pungency, and to the use of which his colleagues are so prone. All nationalities ought to be alike to a ghost, and he has doubtless acquiesced in the decision of his colleagues to apply the remainder of the assisted Immigration Fund to the relief of Irish workhouses. He is, doubtless, quite satisfied with the propo sition, made at the instance of Captain M'Mahon, that the public lands shall be handed to Irish policemen of seven years' standing. Sydney Smith was wont to say that England was ruled by barristers of seven years' standing. We are to be over run with Irish police of the same seniority. Seeing that English and Scotch are too independent to avail themselves of assisted immigration, the Ministerial ghost will readily agree, to that part of the Ministerial land scheme which applies a por tion of the land fund to the introduction of immigrants nominated by the agriculturists. Englishmen and Scotchman prefer paying their own passage money to countries where land is cheap, but clear land and assisted immigration are the happiest of contrivances for indigent Irishmen. The ghost will re gard 'with complacency a scheme which. places a '* bold peasantry or the Hibernian, type in almost exclusive possession of the soil. There are many other duties which will devolve on the spectre. Whenever his colleagues are in danger he must rush in and arrest the im pending blow. Whenever things are being done which it is convenient that he should, not see, he must give a spiritual wink, so as not to offend his unspeculative vision. There is a great deal in the power of Mr Nichol son, ghost though he be, and, the success of the new drama depends much on how he plays his part. May we ask by whose advice he assumed the character ? We know that the Govern ment (we, of course, cannot include Mr Nicholson as a member of it), were willing to take him on any terms. L£r Hatnes was too effete to be of any great value, and had Mr Nicholson been ready to play a more prominent part, the other might have been quieted with the empty portfolio. Wa3 Mr Service consulted in the matter ? *)f pnnrcn hi* wna Anrl f]iA lir» rf-r»nmmfmfi that his friend Mr Nicholson should join an Administration ' in which he had not ' much confidence?' Did he suggest that his former chief should connect himself 'ih a spiritual sense with a Government whose only recommendation was that, being as bad if not worse than the Heales Ministry, their wickedness was of a kind less dis agreeable to him. Mi-Service is a remarkably shrewd man, and comes too far north to be unmindful of his own interests. We do not say that he suggested to Mr Nichol son that he should join the new Cabinet, but the circumstance is nevertheless to him most fortunate. He disposes of the chief obstacle in the way of his joining the next administration. Mr Service is how virtually the leader of the independent sup porters of the Government. He hastens at the outset to express his distrust of the new Cabinet,' and he even affects kindness towards Mr Heales ! ' Me'a ' sures, not men,' is the motto of .*?.»* UJJ1V 1 l.\J-i-lj -MUU X If J.V111 V-g 44.A.UA .*.*«*W W associate with any party in the House, and coalesce with whom he pleases. If the Ministry are turned out, Mr Nicholson goes with them, and the chances of a gentleman of his years again fighting his way into office are problematical. Mr Service is not easy to please, and at any moment we may have him turning round as bitterly antagonistic to the present as he was to the former Cabinet. What then? Untrammelled by old associations, he may attain the summum lonuin of , a statesman's am bition — he may give a Ministry to Victoria ! We do not say that Mr Service induced Mr Nicholson to become ghost to the Government with this intention ; we merely demonstrate how the fact favors the fortunes of the honorable member for Ripon and Hampden. 