NOTRE DAME DES VICTORIES. A GHOST STORY. In Province there lived one Oasimir de Latour, a scion of one of the most knightly families. He was in love with Marianne de Roligjny, the beautiful daughter of an old General. He could not marry her, however, he was poor ; so he started and went to Paris to make his fortune. In this he succeeded, and coming baek, expected to be the fortunate husband of his Marianne. But he had reckoned without his host. The side of politics be had espoused was directly oppo site to tbat which suited the views of the old General : so he swore that Casimir de Latour should never marry his daughter. Hastening back to Provence, therefore, all expectation, Casimir was refused, and returning to Paris, plunged into every series of dissipation. One Sunday evening, however, he burst away from his boon companions, and going, be knew not whither, he stood reflecting in one of the streets of Paris. At this moment a crowd of grave looking persons were pouring along in the same direc tion. Caught in the stream, Casimir was hurried to the door of the renowned Church of Notre Dame desVictoires. He entered with the rest. Soon the church was filled, and the buzz, the hum, the murmur, bad died away. The blaze of the illuminated altar, soft-ended by the dense and fragrant breath of the incense,' the stately beauty of the building, the silent eloquence of the sacred paintings, and the rapturous strains of the solemn music, filled the soul with sublime ecstacy. Cassimir leaned against a pillar, and strove to enter into the spirit of the scene. But his nerves had been completely shaken. The light dazzled him. The warmth of the atmosphere, and tbe measured swell of the music, overpowered all his faculties, excepting only that sentinel of tbe rest —the imagination— which watches when the others sleep. In vain he struggled to keep bis eyes open. At length, sinking into a seat, he leaned his head against the pillar, and fell into a profound slumber. When be awoke he was surprised to see that the congregatian had departed, that the altar had been denuded, and that the church, excepting the faint illumination emitted by the ever-burning lamp before the central tabernacle, was entirely in the dark. He concluded tbat as he bad fallen asleep in the shadow of the pillar, the sextons had not per ceived him when they closed the doors. The latter were double locked. He shouted ; but his voice was sent back ; it was sent back with such reverberated echoes, tbat he felt he could not make himself heard through those dense walls especially as tbe noise in the street outside would drown and render unnoticeable his loudest cries* Tbe night, therefore, must be passed in the church. As he came to tbjs necessary conclusion, an undefinable solemnity crept over his feelings. He recollected what he had said about' going wherever Providence should decree ; and thought it rather singular that he should have not only gone into the church, but. into that particular church, concerning which he, in common with' all Paris, had of late heard so many prodigies related. It bad been quite unconsciously, too, that he had entered. Making the best of what seemed to him a dis agreeable position, be placed several chairs to gether, and stretching himself upon thera tried to sleep. He was just sinking into a slumber, when a sound as of a lock rattling, roused him. Leaning on his elbow he gazed around. A little door, which when he bad tried it, was locked, was now opened slowly from tbe sacristy. Through this door entered a priest, rested as if for the Mass for the dead. When he had' passed through, the door closed after him. As, with measured tread, the Prkst walked beneath the line of the perennial lamp,. Casimir was horror-stricken by the appearance- of his coun tenance and of his bands. His face was like tbe face of a corpse, and his fingers were long, and crooked. Having ascenaea tne steps Derore tne great; tabernacle and arranged tbe altar, the priest slowly returned to the outer rim of the sanctuary, where Mass is begun. Then, turning around, as if there was a congregation in the sacred edifice, he said : — 1.0 mere any uiie iu iin» uuuitu wuu will have the goodness to serve my Mass ? . Casimir cowered back out of sight and remained ' silent. After a pause of anxious scrutiny, the priest spoke again. The words were changed : Is there,' he said, ' any one in this church who will have the charity to serve my mass ?' His voice sounded now like that of a man in great fear and uneasiness. Another long pause atvjiipH aflat1 rohinh fin aarain riamanflAfl ' \a Hipta any one in this church who will bave the mercy/ and the humanity to serve my Mass ?' The beseeching tone of terror in which he spoke, on his third time, were heart-rending, and his mouth gasped with a parched and dying air. At length blank despair seemed to settle, like a fall of snow, upon the Priest's face. He returned to the altar, and was about' to remove the chalice, when compassion seized the heart of Casimir. ' I will !' cried he. The death-like face relaxed, and something heavenly seemed blended now with the ghastli ness and horror that reigned in its lineaments. Tbe priest said Mass, and then, turning round with the chalice in bis hand, stopped in front of Casimir, before passing to the sacristy. 'Young man,' said the apparition, 'you have done me a great service, and I will render you the like. If you die unprepared, the fault is your's, and your's the consequent woe ! For on this day twelve months, and at this hour,' (here with solemn chime the clock of Notre Dame began to toll the midnight hour,) you will breathe your last.' So saying the mysterious stranger approached the sacristy door, which opened before him, and closed with a loud jarring sound when he passed through. When the morning light came, and the doors of tbe Cburcb opened, Casimir said : ' I have twelve months good and certain; it is not as if I bad fifty year's doubtful. If I am sure to die in a year— why, I am at least just as sure not to die any sooner. Hurrah ! To marry would in my case, be to prepare a bitter parting. To lead a mortified life for twelve months — ha ! ha! — how ridiculous! — no, no. The last six months to God, and the first six to myself!' Such was the soliloquy of Casimir, who forgot tbat as a man lives, so shall be die. When six months had expired be said : ' Three months yet for pleasure, and then three months for eternity !' The three months fleeted like a dream ; bu Casimir was now as one demented. ' Have I not heard,' cried he, ' of hoary sin ners wbo have made their peace with heaven in a few minutes ; and shall I, a young man, devote three months to repentance ? Six weeks will be more than enough.' A fleecy cloud never swept over the face of a summer day with more noiseless rapidity than that with which the next six weeks of dark dissi pation crossed the life of Caasimir. He paused again. ' Well,' said he, ' in three weeks time I will retire to Provence ! and then — tben the last of the De Latours will be gathered to his fathers !' When the three weeks had expired, he said : ' I will now go.' He went ; and, for about a fortnight, he wrota poetry and read Plato, ,under tbe spell of some raysterous infatuation. Tben exactly on the Sunday previous to tbat which was to be bis last, he fell serious ill. When the doctor, who was immediately sent for, beheld him, he told him to prepare for death. 'You will not live the week out,' said he, mildly. 'There you are wrong, doctor,' said De Latour ; ' I will bet you ten thousand to one that I live till this day week. ' An idea now occurred to Casiriiir, as the last days of his calendar was stealing past, each giving a blow to that shattered frame and real izing with fatal precision tbe words of the phantom. 'It is just possible,' thought he, that if I do' not die at 12 o'clock on Sunday night, I may live these fifty years. That horrid vision may have been but the creation of my own heated imagination ; my nerves were so shaken. Still, this illness, just at the indicated time, coupled with the doctor's sentence— humph ! Ah, well ! Anna, bring me rJft Plato »' Anna, to whom he had told all the adventure *∈ the church, and who was full of grief and terror, had often besought her young master to let her send for a clergyman. She now brought him the Bible : and sallied forth at once in search ota nojy man, as wen as 10 ieu rne ttoiignys tnat if they, wished to take leave of Casimir De Latour, they had no time to lose. Saturday had come, and gone. Sunday bad dawned — a serene and lovely day of the Provencal autumn. From tbe casement of the turret, De Latour beheld how beautiful was his native landscape. Ten thousand changing hues were upon the woods, as if the face of the dying year, like that of the dying man, betokened tbe approach of its end. The day waned ; the light itself faded away ; the sky grew pale, as if with sickness ; and Casmir de Latour summoned all his remaining strength, to'request that a clock might be placed opposite the foot of his bed. It was placed as he desired, a lamp on either side of the dial, to help the failing eyes of death. There it glared at him from amid the curtains — that pale, inanimate face, so eloquent of his departing moments. The clergyman, who had 1 in vain besought the dying sinner to repentance, was charitably repeating aloud, and on bis knees, the prayers for the agonising. Poor Anna knelt beside him; and, with her, gazing passionately on the face of. the departing, was Marianne de Roligny. The General stood behind her. And now the clock struck eleven. The priest again exhorted Casimir to repentance. No answer. Every one in the room started, as the half hour chimed. Then, the quarter before twelve sounded ; and still the eyes of the dying man remained sternly fized upon the impartial face of the clock, as if he would scare it into respecting his fleeting life. When the little click, which gave warning that only five minutes remained to his career on earth, was heard, a peal of thunder could not have echoed so loudly in tbe room. At length came the whirring sound which precedes the striking of the hour, and Casimir clenched hands aud gnashed his teeth. And now listen ; for, as khe inexorable dial marks tbe hour the clock is striking, it is all over. With a horrible conclusion, Casimir de Latour — awoke. The organ was pealing its last notes ; nine o'clock was chiming from the tower of Notre Dan: e; the congregation was slowly defi ling from the Church ; and straight before the astonished looks of De Latour, the beautiful Marianne de Roligny and her father, tbe General, was standing. Casimir returned home, but not alone. Tbe memory of his drenm accompanied him, and not vainly. The very dead coming back to life could not have the force of this one dream in reclaiming the young genius from dissipation. He shook off 'his evil companions, and, with them, his evil habits. His exemplary conduct added to the pleading looks of Marianne. 