CAPTAIN FORBES IN ICELAND. (From the Times. January 2) A NEW book upon Iceland, its volcanoes, geysers, and glaciers, by Charles S. Forbes, Commander, R.N., has more than the usual interest attached to the adventures of British travellers in this marvellous island ; for the author remained in it for several weeks, and during this time I rode over some 700 or 800 miles, many of which have been untrodden by Englishmen since the early part of the present century. It is obvious that Lord Dufferin's pleasant record of his flying visit in no sense anticipated the work of his successor, for Captain Forbes acquired a stock of newer information by making a longer sojourn and a larger circuit. Captain Forbes is equal to his predecessor in dash and venture, and he writes with equal abandon. As far as Ice- land is concerned, he has enjoyed ample opportunities of investigating its characteristics. He bas almost lifted, as it were, the lid off the insular kettle, and noted the process going on in its steaming interior ; and nowhere in the world are such volcanic phenomena so numer- ous or so striking. Captain Forbes started for Iceland on the 21st July, on board the Danish mail steamer Arcturus, a vessel built by Henderson and Co of Glasgow, who contract with the Danish Go- vernment to carry the mails between Copen- hagen and Reykjavik, and whose steamer, in this capacity, makes four trips, and no more, in tbe summer months, calling at Leith on her several voyages both outwards and homeward! This vessel stays about a week in Iceland, which enables most persons " to do the Geysers" and take it again on its return voyage. Captain Forbes, however, meditating a longer explo- ration, appears to have let it go and return a second time before he returned with it. On the way out they touched at the Faroes, and anchored in the port of Thorshaven sufficiently long for the writer to ascend one of the heights and get a general view of this strangely belated group. At Sandoe, he tells us, such is the steepness of the shores that no boat can be kept there, and the sparse inhabitants live in almost entire seclusion, saving an annual visit from the clergyman, who is hoisted up by rope. Here is an opening tor a blissful retreat to the overworked scholar whose ears are wearied and whose nerves are fretted by the organ men of London. Iceland is reached in five or six days from the Forth. On the 26th of July, groping her way through a dense fog, the mail made the Needles off Portland- head, and the day follow- ing she appears to have steamed into Reykjavik. The arrival of the mail is, of course, the great event of Icelandic life, and Captain Forbes saw the capital in its state of highest excitement. In fact, being less pressed for time than ordinary travellers, he ap- pears to have lingered there longer than usual before proceeding to explore the interior. The well-known peculiarity of Iceland is this, that, though one-fifth larger than Ireland and situated on the confines of the Polar, circle, it owes its creation entirely to submarine vol- canic agency. "At some early period of geo- logical history the nucleus of this island was thrown up from the depths of the ocean by volcanic power, as Sabrina and Graham's Islands were in the present century." Cap- tain Forbes describes this process of island generation through its several stages of earthquake, columns of steam, of pumice, of cinders, ascending crater, and eventual island. Now Iceland is a congeries of such volcanic activities. Fancy its cones struggling into existence against the pressure of an almost fathomless sea, reaching the surface, and ultimately maintaining their own against all comers, ocean, iceberg, and earthquake, and establishing themselves over some 40,000 square miles of territory-such is Iceland. Speaking broadly, it may be divided into ancient and modern volcanic elements, suffi- cient to keep the island between them in a cis- tern of heated water. Its history apart, of which the scholar never wearies (so full is it of character and incident, and of the deepest sources of Scandinavian erudition), the island, physically speaking, is one marvel, or rather a succession of marvels. The scenes described by Captain Forbes, and pictured in some effec- tive woodcuts dispersed through his book, can be likened to nothing we know of, whatever there may be of un- known, between the Oxus and the Aleu- tian Archipelago. If Thingvalla has been seen and described before, many of them are entirely new, at least to these latter generations Captain Forbes was at Thingvalla on the 10th of August, and on his return from this trip he made his arrangements at Reykjavik for a more extended tour through the south-western portion of the island, which is presumed to comprehend some of its most interesting scenes and memorials. He, first of all visited the great sulphur dis- trict, in company with the proprietor of its mines, and a very striking picture, facing page 103, gives us a notion of the Pandemonium through which it was necessary for them to pass to reach Krisuvik. " Nothing," says Cap- tain Forbes, breaks the monotony of the truck sometimes they were crossing frothy, and, at other times, cavernous lava ; the latter dangerous, especially if the journey is made rapidly, for the rents and fissures in the crowns of the domes reveal the vapour distended caverns below the roof varying from a foot or two to a few inches in thickness." As for the road, it was " simply like battering along on the domes of a succession of cast-iron ovens; in some places more rideable than in others, from the wrinkled and ropey surface they presented but always both slippery and tortuous." The Icelandic ponies, nevertheless, gallantly en- countered all its difficulties, though, as repre- sented in the picture, these appear superequine. In fact, the cut resembles that facetious picture of the state of the Great North-road in the time of John of Balliol with which we were favoured by Punch, in one of his retrospective moods, odr the inequalities depicted in the same authority's pocket-book when he and his party went up the Mont Blanc. As for the sulphur banks, it would seem that this was an experience, providentially withheld from Dante, to make a more eligible and agree- able locality of his Inferno. As a valuable re- source, however, they are particularly attrac- tive, and the quantity of sulphur which exists among those seething mud caldrons may be hereafter of great consequence to ourselves in the event of any interruption of the Sicilian supply in time of war. The position of the island is especially favourable for our markets, and it is, perhaps, a subject for congratulation that all the mines of the island are in the hands of an English, capitalist. For a long time the tenacity with which the peasant owners clung to the titles of the sulphur districts prevented the application of any capital to their cultiva- tion. But now it would appear that improve- ments in the access to the mines are possible and, judging by the trifling cost of production and moderate freight hither, in the numerous vessels coming from England with salt, return- ing in ballast, sulphur gathered from these sources may possibly, as Captain Forbes ob- serves, be able eventually to undersell the Sicil- lian market by almost a half. . The next important resource of Iceland, in addition to its mineral, is its piscatorial wealth, for in agriculture; few steps can be made, as grain will not ripen. The fisheries, like the mines of Iceland, are undeveloped; in fact, it was even said, previous to the visit of Captain Forbes, that the Iceland salmon declined to con- tribute to the amusement of the English traveller, and that, conscious how good they were, they were too proud to rise to English flies. But Captain Forbes ascertained the contrary on this very journey, taking three grilse and fourteen large and vigorous sea-trout in about 300 yards of a single river within two hours. Captain Forbes subsequently visited the large establishment belonging to Messrs. Ritchie, of Peterhead, where nine Scotchmen were employed in pre- serving in tins the salmon collected by the Icelanders from the adjacent rivers. This year they had had a bad season, the fish taking off suddenly and early, and they had only secured about 20,000 lb. weight, 30,000 being the usual average. Even this take is accom- plished under disabilities, from the difficulty of coming to an understanding with the numerous proprietors along the river banks. Several similar establishments exist, however, on the various large salmon rivers, and one in the north had just been purchased by the owners of the mail steamer, from which the Icelanders export annually 50,000lb. weight of kippered fish to Denmark; so that the supply in the island may be said to be almost inexhaustible. The fish seem less given to obesity and much more vigorous than those which frequent our shores, and are altogether a firmer and finer fish. On his way to the establishment of the Messrs. Ritchie, Captain Forbes attempted to avail himself of a boat across the bay to Borger Fiord, but he strongly advises future travellers to avoid this mode of travelling, and to stick in prefer- ence to the native ponies. His plan was to make for the Snæfell Yokul, which he subse- quently endeavoured to ascend, but was driven back by a fog; to investigate the valley of Reykholt and its thermal waters, to visit the caves of Surtshellir, and then across country to Geyser and Hekla, returning by Little Geyser and the southern coast in time for the sailing of the steamer in September. Setting out by boat the great difficulty was to get under way. " At last," says the gallant Captain, " by dint of threat and persuasion, we start with a favouring gale." Thus does Britannia rule not only the waves but the winds. Even Britannia, however, cannot make adequate guides out of Icelandic boatmen, and Captain Forbes had to take to his ponies for the sake of better progress. In the valley of Huita, or White River, he came upon a most remarkable foursided pyramidal mountain, called Honn, to which the Egyptian pyramids are mere pigmies in comparison, and not more regularly constructed. "It is composed of regular superimposed beds of trap, gradually diminishing to a point, and forming the steps, as it were, of four colossal staircases, each one of which is perfectly symmetrical, and looks much more like the handiwork of some bygone race of giants than a freak of nature : the almost mechanical neatness of this natural pyramid contrasting strangely with the ruthless destruc- tion which surrounds it." In the valley, of Rey- kiadel, of which a pictorial view is given, Cap- tain Forbes counted at one time 27 youthful geysers, or varieties of thermal springs, sending up their several columns of vapour. Two of these fountains erupted alternately at regular intervals of three minutes. A mile fur- ther up the valley another phenomenon pre- sented itself, a natural steam-pump working through three apertures of a rock, of which the lowermost acted as spout, while the two upper ones served as steam-pipes. The Captain then visited the bath of Snorro Sturleson and the remains of his fortress, explored the extensive caverns of Surtshellir, and was of course entertained with the extraordinary tra- dition of the Cavemen who once tenanted it. From Reykholt, whither he returned. Captain Forbes went on to Snæfells Yokul, passing Ellborg, or the Fortress of Fire, and encountering on the side of the mountain the Fog Jotuns, who barred his further ascent. By the Bulandshofdi Pass, a tremendous precipice in face of the sea, he then made his way to the Breida Fiord, and thence by the Berserker lava field, the site of Thor's temple, and a series of Icelandic curios, back to Reykholt. There he engaged a guide and horses for Geyser, Hekla, &c;, all which he duly visited ; in fact he made the Strokr cook his dinner in a style which is new to us, and which will be, doubtless, a novelty to all his English readers :—— Wishing to discourse with the priest relative to the local history and habits of the Geysers, I invited him to an early dinner, and hastened home to prepare it. While my guide went to purchase a bottle of corn-brandy, and some coffee from the farmer, and beg him, as the Squire, to meet the Church, I undertook the office of Soyer, and determined to avail myself of the natural cooking re- sources of the country. I collected a considerable pile of turf at the mouth of the Strokr. and then, taking my reserve flannel shirt, packed the breast of mutton securely in the body, and a ptarmigan in each sleeve. On the approach of my guests I administered what I supposed would be a forty-minute dose of turf to the Strokr, and pitched my shirt containing our dinner into it immediately afterwards. Directing the guide to keep the coffee warm in the Geyserr basin, and seated al fresco, I offered brandy and strips of dried cod by way of a relish-- Northern fashion. Not so contemptible either, I thought, as my memory carried me back to the hospitable board of a warrior prince, since murdered in the Caucasus, who always gave me, before breakfast, pickled onions and London gin out of a bottle bearing a flaunting label of a gaudy old grimalkin on a flaming scarlet barrel with golden hoops, and who, after drinking wine of every species, always wound up with bottled stout out of champagne glasses. The forty minutes passed, and I became nervous regarding the more substantial portion of the repast; and, fearing lest the Strokr had digested my mutton, ordered turf to be piled for another emetic. But seven minutes after time my anxiety was relieved by a tremendous eruption (the dinner bell had sounded), and, surrounded with steam and turf-clods, I beheld my shirt in mid air, arms ex- tended, like a head and tail-less trunk it fell lifeless by the brink. Bat we were not to dine yet, so well corked had been thbe steam-pipe below, that it let out with more than usual viciousness, and forbade dishing up under pain of scalding. After about a quarter of an hour, in a temporary lull, I recovered my garment, and turned the dinner out on the grass before my grave guests, who immediately narrated a legend of a man in his cups who had fallen into the Stroker, being eventually thrown up piecemeal in the common course of events. The mutton was done to a turn ; not so the ptarmigans, which I expected to be somewhat protected by their feathers ; they were in threads. As for the shirt, it is none the worse, save in colour, the dye being scalded out of it. Captain Forbes enters into the subject of the Geysers at considerable length, giving us not only their history but his theory of their forma- tion. But we pass from this, which is one of the chief features of his book, to notice his ascent of Hekla, which owes its world-wide reputation to the frequency of its eruptions. Hekla is not, indeed, remarkable, for height or picturesqueness, its form being that of an ob- long cone, about twenty miles in circumference. It lies in the direction of the volcanic line, is about 5000 feet high, and is externally two- thirds snow and one-third slag and ashes. Grim ravens infest its unpromising pastures, and their presence it remarked as unintelligible to the author. The different streams of lava can be distinctly traced, and their age is written on them as it were like the brands impressed upon so many pipes of port " First at our feet," says the Captain, "came the promising '46, red and full-bodied, the new- est of the batch, and that 14 years old, not a very luxuriant growth, scarcely extending more than seven miles; next came the '66-68 94 years old, the produce of a very remarkable year, a light tawny ditto, . . -. and, in the distance, the 1728-not much of this left-a very choice old ditto, well coated over, with moss and lichens;" the others-were crashed down into a mass of confusion, and commin- gled beyond all hopes of identification. Captain Forbes reached and descended into the crater, now inactive, though still retaining fire enough to light a fusee near the surface, and, doubtless, hot enough at a little depth. Hekla, is of course, the familiar monster of our schoolboy manuals, but Hekla is as nothing to Skaptar Yokul, that great volcano which some time in the last century poured forth streams of lava many miles broad and proportionably deep, which filled valleys, licked up rivers, destroyed 9000 human beings, and .about 150,000 sheep, cattle, and horses, and 3ent its cloud of pumice dust far. enough to darken thé Faroe islet Skaptar Yokul, however, is out of reach in deserts of inaccessible ice, and, this with its fellow-mountains having never been penetrated by man. Captain Forbes commends it to the special attention of the Alpine Club, who will of course, include it in their programme for pedestrians desirous of a little summer excite- ment. Captain Forbes himself, takes more friendly notice of Kotlugia Yokul, which forms a portion of the Yokul block to the S.E. of Hekla, because it has distinguished itself by no less than eight exundations of hot water since the colonisa- tion of the island, in all cases characterised by the prodigious quantity of hot water emanci- pated. In fact, whenever the Icelandic kettle is tilted, the consequences are far more terrible than even the down-flow of its stately fire- floods. The hot water finds its level and its victims more swiftly; it melts, and floats off vast masses of the glaciers, and fills earth and sea with the traces of its power and tremendous faculty of destruction. From such scenes Captain Forbes re- turned to Reykjavik, regretting only that his ramble in Iceland was over. He speaks, as every traveller has yet spoken, with a cordial appreciation of the hospitality of the natives ; and he expresses the same surprise which all previous visitors have felt at finding education and cultivation in Iceland, in the sense of mental culture, where you, least expect it. On page 3l3, &c.;, he discusses the trading commodities of Iceland, and describes the mode in which its commerce is transacted. He concludes with some remarks as to the ad- vantages of making Iceland a station for our communication by electric telegraph with the United States. Indeed, he offers some consi- derations of importance bearing upon this question, from which we only select the esti- mated distances of the proposed route : ______________________________________Miles, From Scotland to the Faroes .......... 250 Faroes to Iceland .................... 350 Iceland to Greenland ..................550 Greenland to Coast of Labrador ....... 600 And he adds his reasons for disregarding the bugbear of icebergs or shore ice. His volume is throughout filled with refe- rences to, or extracts from, the Sagas and the other written records of Icelandic history. Of these none is more remarkable than the curios trial of the ghosts who haunted the house of a peasant in the romantic glen of the little Gey- ser. These ghosts were served with legal pro- cess of ejectment on the advice of the Pontiff Snorro, and it is remarkable as evidence of the efficacy of legal process in Iceland that the supernaturals, one and all, obeyed its injunction. But the Icelanders were a law loving people, with a positive taste for litigation, and the very ghosts may have enjoyed a legal ouster as much as the original John Doe sod Richard Roe of the British Hades. Captain Forbes make no pretensions to fine writing ; but sailor-like, he goes a-head, spins hts yarns, and gives the rein to his fancies, and the result is such a very agreeable volume that we are as sorry as he himself was when his tour is finished. FATE-The soldiers have spirit enough to undertake anything, and say that they don't doubt of "winning the rubber," that Dettingen and Fonteney are "only game and game." The only relation 1 have in the army is Mr. Maden ; he. thank God, came off unhurt, and so did Mr. Colleton's brother. Three young men are killed whom I am much concerned for. Mrs. Sabine's second son, a very brave and fine young man, and Shaw Cath- cart, a true romance hero, insensible of danger-these are a loss to the public ; but I am mucb more touched with little Molesworth's death. I have known him ever since he was five years old; he was a youth of sixteen, a very sober boy, and a good scholar, and capable of making his fortune in a learned way, but nothing could persuade him from being a soldier. I saw him at Mr. Pointz's tbe day the Duke gave him his commission; he was quite fuddled with joy, his father went abroad with him. It happened there was a vacancy in the Guards, and the Duke advanced him to it the day before the battle. Just before the engagement, Lord Albemarle said to Molesworth, "Keep your son at home to-day; his commission is not signed, so that he really has no post in the Guards, and it will be no disgrace to him that he is absent ; he may avoid the danger of this battle, and will gain some experience against another." The boy cried, and said "if he was not fit to fight he ought not to have a commission," went to the battle, and after ot was missing. After several days' search his father thought him dead, and was returning home, when a note was given him on the road, with these words : "Robert Molesworth is living, slightly wounded, and a prisoner at Lisle." Mr. Molesworth writ this to his wife, and afterwards a further account came that he was fallen into the hands of a French colonel, who was very humane, mightily pleased with him, and treated him like his own child ; the mother was transported with this good news. Mr. Molesworth went to Lisle, had leave to take care of him, found the wound they through so slight had proved incurable, and the boy, after linger- ing a week, died in his father's arms. Captain Wade, son of the Marshal, was dangerously wounded by a very odd accident ; his horse's head was taken off by a cannon ball, and thrown with such force against Wade's side that it broke several of his ribs. -- Autobiography and Correspondence of Mary Granville. If by the laws of the land, he is counted a natural, who hath not wit enough to tell twenty, or to tell his age ; he shall not pass with me for wise in learning, who can- not tell the age of the world, and count hundreds of years. He that seeks to find the disposition of men's souls in the figures of their bodies, looks for letters on the back of the book. 