MEMORABILIA The following are amongst the principal events of the past year, arranged in chrono- logical order. JANUARY 2nd. .secular New Year a Day. Public holiday, Port Adelaide Annual Regatta. Races at Nor- wood, Allen's Creek, Virginia and the Burra. 5th. St. Paul's Episcopal Church opened for living worship. 9th. The malthouse connected with Thompson's brewery at Walkerville destroyed by fire, together with about 1,500 bushels of malt, 500 bags, &c; 20th. Telegraphic communication between Ade laide and Clare opened. 21st. Excessive heat. Thermometer in the sun 158*. Gardens and vineyards in several localities much injured. .- ? : 25th. Telegraphic communication between Ade laide and Kooringa opened.— The Beg tiler and Observer newspaper offices, Grenfell-street, lighted with gas. .. ??; . . February. : . 7th. 3Ivponga Jetty opened. Bullock roasted whole. Band and aquatic sports. Public dinner on the beach. 19th. A slight frost at Mount Barker early in the mommpv 29th. New exhibition building on the Park Lands opened by the annual Show of the South Australian Agricultural and Horticultural Society. Receipts for entrance, £167 6s. March. ,Jst- Great meeting at Neales's Exchange, King \\\ uuam-street, to choose candidates for the repre sentation of the city in the House of Assembly. 6th. Annual meeting of the friends and sup porters of the Bush Mission held in the Freeman street Chapel. 7th. Annual meeting of the South Australian Insurance Company, at the Napoleon Bonaparte. Dividend declared on the paid-up capital of 12i per cent-'South Australian Institute quarterly soiree; lecture of the BeV. C. E. Palmer, on 'The latest Ghost Theory.' 8th. Annual cricket match between the British and Colonial players, on the Adelaide Racecourse; concluded on the following day, and won by the Colonial eleven with six wickets standing. 13th. General elections of members ofthe House of Assembly commenced in the Districts of the City of Adelaide, Port Adelaide, East Torrent-arid West Torrens. 2Sth. Great meeting at Neales's Exchange,1 and resolutions passed, requesting the Governor to ap point a South Australian agent at the Snowy Eiver Diggings. 28th. Aurora Australis visible in many parts of the Australian colonies, from 7 p.m. till 10 p.m. 30th. Lady MaeDonnell returned from England; after an absence from the colony of nearly 16. months. Various demonstrations at the Port and in Adelaide. April. 2nd. The census of the colony taken. Popular tion— 59,678 males,' 58,289 females; add for omis sions, 1.033.- Total 119,000. 3rd. Mr. G. M. Waterhouse and Mr. G. Tinline elected members of the Legislative Council, vict His Honor Mr. Justice Gwynne and Major (now Colonel) Freeling, resigned.— Major Freeling de parted for the Snowy Eiver Diggings, as South Australian Agent, with instructions to report as to. their probabable value and extent Eeturned May 12. 4th. Heavy fall of rain; depth registered in Ade laide, from 267 to 3H25 inches. 12th. Slight shock of an earthquake at Kapunda and the neighbourhood, at 7h. 45m. p.m. 14th. Fire broke out in the 25-fathom level of the Burra Mine, causing the death of two men named Prior and Johns, and some destruction of the timber-work. ISth- Annual general meeting of the South Aus. tralian Mining Association. Fifteenth annual report read stating the number of hands employed to be 1,078; expenditure of the half vear ended March 31, 1859, £80,831 t5s. 9d. ; ore produced, GjSSt tons; net proceeds, £96,796 10s. 4d. ; profit, £15,915 33\. 7d. Dividend of 100 per cent, declared, 19th to 2lst. Adelaide Annual Kaces. The St. Legerwon by Midnight; Town Plate byPlenipo; Hurdle-race by Shamrock. 24th. Major Nelson left the colony to join, the British forces in the New Zealand war. 27th. The first session of the second Parliament opened by the Governor. Mr. G. C. Hawker elected Speaker of -the House of Assembly. Mat. -: 2nd. The Tounghusband Ministry resigned in consequence of an adverse vote moved. «y Mr. Reynolds, the nresent Treasurer. I til. v^ulULIULlLltC CAiUUlliaiLUU UI kJUUbll AUS* iralian youths commenced at Government House. 8th. First meeting in session of the Diocesan SynoiL Beport read, stating that three churches md three other places for worship had been opened luring the past year, and that additional church iccommodation for from 8,000 to 9,000 persons had been provided during that period. 10th. Beport of the Central Board of Education for 1859 published, stating the number of licensed schools at the end of the year to have been 198; children on the rolls, 9,282; stipends paid to, teachers, £11,797 19s. 2d.; school fees paid by parents, £10,633 6s. 3d. ; average total receipts of the teachers, £116 4s. 12th. Archery file on the College ground. Ladies' prizes won by Miss Ada Morphett and Miss Boothby; gentlemen's prizes by His Excellency Sir B. G. MacDonnell and Captain Brinkley. 15th. Foundation-stone of the Congregational Chapel, North Adelaide, laid by the Bev. T. Q. Stow. 22nd. The Finland barque Fides, from London, totally wrecked, sixteen miles east of Cape Borda, during a thunderstorm, at 2 o'clock a.m. The captain, second mate, and eight seamen drowned. Cargo, estimated at £21,868, lost. 23rd. Unprecedented floods at Aldinga and sur rounding country, caused by heavy and continued rain. 24th. Queen's birthday. Grand review of volun teers on the Racecourse. Levee and ball at Go vernment House. Demonstrations in various parts of the colony.— Mr. Charles Mann, Commissioner of Insolvency (formerly Attorney-General, Master of the Supreme Court, Acting Judge, Crown Solicitor; Police Magistrate, and Acting Assistant Judge), died at his residence, in Sturt-strcct, aged 60 yetr3. ' v 30th. Quarterly soiree of the South Australian Instilu*}. Lecture by Mr. G. Francis on 'The History o! Comic and Caricature Drawing in Eng land.' 31st. Telegraphic communication opened be tween Adelaide and Mount Barker. June. 1st Slight shock of an earthquake felt at Port Adelaide and the surrounding country at 10h. 20m. .m. Grand archery, match at the College grounds, lhampion prize won by Captain Blyth ; ladies' first riie by Miss Young. Intercolonial match between as Adelaide and Melbourne clubs, each on its own rounds, won by the latter. 4th. Opening of the valve at the Torrens weir, nd first delivery of water through the 21-inch pipe ato the reservoir at Thorndon Park. 7th. The Lord Bishop of Sydney (Metropolitan), nd the Lord Bishop of Melbourne arrived in the olon'y. ' ' 11th. Church of England Endowment Society naugurated at White's Rooms. Very large at endance. Addresses delivered by His Excellency he- Governor (Chairman), the Lord Bishops of iydney, Melbourne, and Adelaide, Sir Charles Joopcr, Sir J. H. Fisher, the Hon. G. C. Hawker, lie Dean of Adelaide, the Archdeacon, and other ;entlemeft. . 13th. The Board of competitive examinations .warded the prizes and certificates of merit. First irize, first class, £:JU, J. J. Stuckey; first prize, econd clas3, £25, J. Dc. Q. Robin; first prize, hird class, £20, C. H. Bagot. 14th. St. Paul's Church, Pulteney-street, conse irated by the Lords Bishops of Sydney and Ada aide, assisted by the Very Eev. the Dean of Adelaide, the Eev. G. H. Farr, and the Eev. A. E. Jussell (incumbent). 16th. Telegraphic communication opened between Adelaide and Woodside. 2Uth.. Queen's Accession. Public holiday. Grand ?eview of volunteers on the East Park Lands. Volunteer's dinner in the evening at White's Soom. 20th. Coronation Day. Volunteer's grand ball it White's Boom. Jolt. 5th. Grand. banquet in White'.s Eoom in com ncmoration of the establishment of the Real Pro -erty Act; . His Excellency the Governor in the. ;hair. - From 350 to 400 guests present. Mr. R. R. Correns, the originator of the .Act, explained at ength its general principles, and the amendments lecessary to its more efficient operation. 6th. A comet discovered to the north-west in ;he evening, which remained visible about three tveeks. llth. Grand land sale at the Railway Terminus, Kapunda; 130 lots sold, realizing nearly £3,000. 12th. Telegraphic despatches received of the disastrous defeat of the British troops by the natives of New Zealand, Jun« 25th. 15th. Sunday afternoon services commenced at the Victoria Theatre. 28th. The new Sayings Bank, King William street, opened for business transactions. August. 6th. Annual meeting of the Chamber of Com merce. Eeport and balance-sheet read: Receipts of the previous year, £244 15s. 6d. ; expenditure, £237 4s. Id. Number of members, 126; two new members admitted. Discussion on the Eeal Pro perty Act Amendment Bill, as affecting equitable mortgages by the deposit of the certificate of title. 7th. The first of a series of public lectures in aid of the funds for erecting the new Congregational chapel, North Adelaide, delivered by Mr. R. D. Hanson in White's Room, on 'Self Culture.' 13th. The Northern Railway opened from Gawler Town to Knpunda. The passepgertrain consisted of 10 carriages, and contained His Excellency and Lady MacDonnell, and a large and respectable party of both sexes. A levee was held at the Sir John Franklin Inn, and a banquet at the North Kapunda Hotel. 16th. South Australian Agricultural and Horti cultural Society's annual champion match and ex . hibition of implements and horse stock. 20th. The Victoria Theatre opened by G. V, Brooke, the celebrated tragedian, and an efficieni COrpS.. %-: - - -' ? . ... 't 23th. The 300th anniversary of the.Reformatioi .in Scotland,' celebrated in Chalmer's 'Church North-terrace, by the three Presbyterian congrega tions in Adelaide.' * \- - ? ? Septkjiber. 7th. The Admella medals distributed by Si Charles Cooper, at the Exchange, in the prescnci of a large concourse of people. 21st. Sir Charles Cooper, Chief Justice of tin Supreme Court, appointed a member of tin Executive Council. 24th. Major Warburton left Adelaide fo Streaky Bay, to explore the country to the west ward. . 27th. Large meeting of the Catholics at St Patrick's Chapel, West-terrace. Resolutions car Tied, condemnatory ofthe Protestant and pro3e lyting tendency' of the Government e'ducationa system. Petition to the House of Assembly adopted by the meeting. 1 . October. 4th. South Australian Agricultural and Horti cultural Society's annual show of live stock, at tin City Cattle Market yards. 7th. Mr. Stuart and party returned to Adelaide after having penetrated the country to the north ward as far as 18° 47* S. lat., 134' E. long., when they were driven back by the natives. * 12th. Annual general meeting of the. Soutl AustraliarTInstitute. Report read stating, tha during the past twelve months 31,121 books nai been circulated, 831 added to the library; tota forming the library, 8,187; new quarterly sul scribers, 175, annual, 52; total number of sub scribars, 54*5. New visitors to the reading room 408; total receipts, £1,751 6s. 6d.; expenditure £1,636 12s. 9d. ; credit balance, £114 1.3s. 8d. 17th. The Parliament prorogued till Decembe 4tn. 18th. Unley Steeplechase, won by Mr. Addison's ).g._Walfcover, beating four others. ........ : 22nd. Quarterly Conversazione of the South' Aus- ralian Institute at White's Rooms. Lecture by tfr. Whitridjje on the poetry of Wordsworth. f 24th^ Public breakfast given to Mr. J. M. Stuart ij -White's Assembly-Room, previous fo his de-. Jarture to explore the interior to the north-west »ast '29th. Anniversary meetingpf Wesleyans at Pirie itreet Chapel; the Hon. A. Hay, Commissioner of Public Works, in the chair. Financial statement read, showing a debt upon the building of £1,1S9. 31st. Annual meeting of the South Australian Auxiliary Bible Society, held hi VThite's Assembly Uoom. Receipts of the past year, £1,2S8 4s. 3d., including a former balance of £387 lls. Sd. Balance in hand, £17119s. 2d. 2nd. Mr. J. M. Stuart left Adelaide for Cham bers Creek, intending to join his party there, and to proceed from that station as early as possible on lus second exploratory expedition to the north-west Mast 9th. Prince of Wales's birthday. Public holiday. Grand volunteer review on the North Park Lands, and presentation of colours to the Adelaide Begi ment by Lady MacDonnell. -11th. Opening of the chancel of St Francis Xavier's Cathedral, Pontifical high mass. 13th, New Court-House at Port Adelaide opened. 14th. Gawler and Willaston annual picnic Fat bullock roasted whole. Numerous sports and games. 22nd. Heavy rains, with thunder and lightning and hail, in various parts of the colony, extending over an area of 40,000 square miles. Three young men killed by lightning whilst engaged in mowing near Bagot's head station, five miles from Kapunda. 29th. Annual meeting of the Aborigines' Friends' Society, held in White's Assembly Room, Sir Richard Graves MacDonnell in the chair. Report read showing receipts of the past year, £734 IGa Id. ? expenditure, £531 19s. lid.; balance in hand. WA2iU debts- *155-W|- 6d-; defic'' 29th. The celebrated racehorse Fisherman im ported from England per Westburn by the Messrs. Fisher. / Deckmbkr. . -~ ? ^ ' 1st Municipal election: in the city and corporate -,$& The schooner Flying Fish wrecked at Port Elliot, during a gale of wind, by the parting of the Government meorings. .*'.'» i !!j if1,1?1 «'?-fry sale by auction of Crown «?SS rt Mount Uam*»ier. Quantity sold 10,202 acres; amount realized, £14, 423 18s.— Par- liament further prorogued from December 14 till January 11. 10th. Elections of Mayors in the several munici palities. 14th.. Major Warburton returned to Adelaide from an unsuccessful exploratory expedition to the westward, having been absent 81 davs. 18th. A vajedietory address and testimonial, from Loot the principal colonists, presented to Colonel Freelmgiprevious to his- leaving for England.— Mr G. W. Goyder, the newly-appointed Survcyor GeneraL returned to Adelaide after an absence of 14 months on a Government exploratory expedition to the nottb-west. 26th Public holiday; various picnics, races, &c;, in the country; express, excursion trains to anil from Adelaide and Kapunda. 2Sth. Twenty- fourth anniversary of the procla-. mation of the colony by Governor Hindmarsh, Public holiday : regatta at Glenelg. 31st. Public holiday. Port Adelaide annual re gatta; special railway trains to and from the Port every hour. 