GAYNDAH. ' ( From our own Correspondent .) I Tax Race Committee met last Tuesday evening to fix the prizeB of the various races to come off on the 25th, 26tb, and 27th June next. The prizes sire as follows ; — Maiden Plate, £60 ; Gayndah Plate, £75 ; Welter, £50 ; Ilack Selling Stakes, £15 ; Hurdle Race, £15 ; Hack Hurdle Race, £20 ; Produce Plate, at present no particulars ; Corinthian Stakes, £3 each, with £15 added; Hack Race, £10; Publicans' Purse, £50; Ladies' Purse, £35; Consolation Stakes, £20 ;- l'orced Handi cap, £5 each, with £15 added ; Hack Race, £10. The prizes offered for the various races augur well for a; : first-rate meeting, and will bear comparison with a great ' many others hitherto held in the northern districts, including Ipswich and Brisbane. Last week, llenry. Strand, blacksmith, was suddenly called away to his last home, by a severe attack of dysentry.' - He suffered only Si hours. His death is looked upon as beiing very sudden. Last Tuesday, the following houses were licensed : — Gayn- dah Hotel, Powers' Hotel, Royal Hotel, Lhearers' Arms, Tbe Old House at Home. The following .were postponed for three weeks -. ? The Prince of Wales, Dog and Duck. . and. The Prince of Patrick. A confectioner's license' was granted to Mr. W. Hampson. . . Johnson, a person confined for forgery, was remanded to Warwick. A great many forgeries are now going abont, and parties in business cannot be tod careful. There is now a warrant out for a man passing a good. few forged cheques. I. only trust the charge will be brought home to the guilty party, . as such abominable practices deserve to be well punished. I1 The productions of tbe Ghost of Baa Ban, wherever he Imigbt be located, are certainly well worthy the shelves of the Boyal Antiquarian Society. There is neither sense nor reason in it, and if he has a taste for the. eaeoethet toribendi I should advise him to turn his attention towards subjects which would' have a moral and edifying effect upon. a community. .He is; like many other small beginners, scarcely able to sea his way, and his moroeaux disgusts even the olfactory nerves of a schoolboy. It is generally looked nppn jthat .the .space hp ;is i allowed 1 to'o-Scupy might .tip 'filled up wit|i more Unportunt mews. 'His kind attempt at amusing goes 'down with the same relish that a ' twice told tale would in the ears ..of a [drowsy man.' I Gayndah, April SO, 1361. 