WELSH YARNS. IN TWO HANKS. (From Chambers' Journal.) I AM going to babble for a few pages about a Sleepy Hollow village in South Wales, in which, when quite a youngster, I spent a year or two. I fancy--although indeed I hardly know why I should fancy--that my memories of the places and persons in it and about it may not be devoid of interest. I shall record my reminiscenses at random as they rise. I. Here is the old, whitewashed, thatched farmhouse I visit almost daily, the pet of its honest, hearty inmates who generally manifest their affection in huge hunks of apple pasty. The front-door stands open all day long, and even at night is merely latched, for burglaries are unheard of in this Arcadian district. The room I enter is low, and dark, and close. From the ceiling depends a wooden framework, which looks like an in- verted table that has sent its legs through the joists up into the room above. On its boards lie sides of bacon, "backstone cakes" (thin grindstones of un- leavened flour, water, and salt, baked on a round iron plate) the apple-pasties which are treats to me, but the ordinary fare of the farm-servants (Titanic tarts, a yard long, almost a foot wide, and four inches thick), an old boot, a straw horse collar, and a fowl- ing-piece covered with cobwebs, from the barrel of which dangles a pair of rusty spurs, with broken rowels, and cracked and shrivelled straps. Like a black swan upon its nest, sits on the hearth a mighty kettle, snugly surrounded with gray, feathery wood- ash and smouldering wood-ember of a sullen red. The kettle in South Wales is scarcely ever cold, "a dish of tea" being the Welsh hostess's "glass of wine"-- the beverage she offers to her very numerous gossips. On each side of the yawning fireplace--as but as a small room--runs a wooden settle, on which, in the long winter evenings, master and mistress, man and maid, sit sociably together, smoking, knitting, harness mend- ing and coquetting. Facing the fire, there is a double tier of bed closets of oak--dully gleaming with grease and friction--just like "bunks" on board ship. One of the rooms above has two such tiers, affording, with its camp bedstead in the middle, sleeping "accommodation" for nine persons; here, as below, of different sexes. The other room, known as "the prophet's chamber" --being set apart for the exclusive use of the Methodist "travelling preacher" from the circuit town, on his fortnightly visits-- contains a rickety four- poster, with curtains of white dimity, a chintz-cushioned arm-chair, a toilet- table made out of towel-covered tea-chests, and bearing a cracked looking glass (which, in addition to its crack, possesses the im- perfection of making every one who looks into it appeared to have the mumps), piled volumes of Wesley's Notes and Sermons, in beef-gravy coloured binding, and his Hymn-book, in rough, red sheep; whilst round the walls are hung sundry black-framed, portraits, cut out of the Arminian Magazine, of Messrs. This, That, and Tother, "preachers of the gospel," who seem to have considered it essential to their evangelical character to brush their hair straight down over their foreheads, as if in readiness for the operation of the small tooth-comb. From the combined kitchen and "keeping-room," already described, opens on the left the "parlour," a small angular chamber with a planked floor (whereas that of the other room is partly flagged, and partly made of "concrete," worn here and there into deep hollows). One of the corners holds a tri- angular cupboard, full of gaily-coloured crockery-- "decanters" is the local phrase-- constantly exposed to view, since one of the valves of the double-door has been wrenched from its hinges, and, according to careless Cambrian custom, never replaced; and the other, from the want of a bolt, rests against the black oak panelling of the wall. On the side-table, prop- ping and flanking a tea-tray, emblazoned with a bird of nondescript genus but most brilliant plumage, lie a county history, Fox's "Martyrs," and Adam Clarke's "Commentary," in ponderous folios and quartos. Above it are two hanging bookshelves, hold- ing inter alia some books on physic, Black- stone's "Commentaries" (full of portraits of fat-faced judges, whose flowing wigs I contrast with the scanty locks of the ministers above stairs, arriving at a dim conclusion that Law commands, whilst Gospel forbids the use of bear's grease), Sterne's "Sentimental Journey" which I have to read upon the sly, and therefore enjoy so far (but of which I can make neither head nor tail), and "Henry, Earl of Moreland." The last I have full liberty to peruse, it having been republished by "the great and good Mr. Wesley," as the one novel in the world fit for Christians to read. Over the mantel-piece, circled with silhouettes of less famous members of the family, and even placed above the portraits of the Rev. John and Charles Wesley and Mr. Fletcher of Madeley, hangs a miniature of a bright-haired, blue- eyed young man in a naval uniform. On the mantel- piece, buttressed with spiny backed, smooth and pink tipped tropical shells, stand a quadrant and a dirk. The black leather of the sheath, and the black wood of the mysterious instrument, are mildewed, and the brass of both is streaked and dotted with a bluish green; for long before I was born, they were sent home as the last relics of the young midshipman, who had risen from before the mast to be cut down not in fair fight with the French, but by sunstroke in the Gulf of Mexico, to his proud, sorrowful father in the far-off Welsh hamlet. I have heard the story from the old man, who has outlived his six stalwart sons, and now lives with his son-in-law, to whom he has given up his farm. Dressed in brown coat of Quaker cut, knee-breeches, stockings of undyed yarn, and buckled shoes, and with his long iron-grey hair combed back over his collar, the patriarch whose only duty now is to preach on Sundays in the little chapel he built long ago, on the other side of the front yard--crosses his hands upon his horn-headed staff, and tells me many stories. How, when a youth, he and another youth rescued John Wesley from a mob, to whom he had come to preach on the hillside; how they set him on his feet again, and stood by him whilst he preached; how, suddenly as the sun went down, a universal terror seized the mocking crowd, and wild screams rent the stillness of the twilight--those who had been fiercest seeming most afraid--some of them in their agony of horror wallowing and foaming on the ground. How, happening to turn his head one day as he was plough- ing, he saw the French fleet standing in for the bay, when, leaving the plough in the furrow, and the oxen to look after themselves, he darted home, put on his Fencible uniform, and snatched up his musket; how the drum beat for the Fencibles to muster on the green, whilst the lightest boy that could be found was sent off on the fleetest horse at full gallop to the nearest military station with the news; how the women and children were hurried inland, but after all, when almost inside the bay, the French ships tacked, and proceeded northwards. How, when he was quite a boy, there was a dreadful famine and fever in the village; how the poor died in their cottages like rotten sheep, with none to tend them, none to bury them, or roamed about like spectres, praying the farmers to give them food; how, when his father refused them corn, his mother used to get up at midnight, steal into the barn farthest from the house, and pour wheat and barley into the aprons of the wretched women clustered outside; and how neither she nor the miller who ground the corn for them gratis, took the fever themselves or lost one of their households, whilst almost all the farmers had sickness and death in their families. How in the days when tea was very dear, the farmers' wives used to club together for a pound, and assemble at my farm- house to drink it when their husbands had gone to market, afterwards hiding the tea-pot in the wood- stack in the rickyard. How the lone ruined cottage on yonder mountain side was haunted by the spirit of a man who had committed the sin against the Holy Ghost--a spirit with such awful eyes that any one who looked upon them was instantly struck blind; and how, through the broken windows of the unten- anted farmhouse in the valley, devils might be seen dancing on the anniversary night of the death of the last tenant, who, forty years ago, administered a sham- sacrament to his drunken boon-companions, and fell down in their midst a corpse. How there had long been a feud between the family at the Castle (which Oliver Cromwell battered, afterwards stabling his horses in the barn between my farmhouse and the chapel) and the B-----s of R------, one of these, four generations back, having married and murdered one of those; how her brother, a ship-master, then in the Isle of Man, saw the murder committed in a dream, and when he came back, had his sister's coffin taken up to prove it; how a nail was found driven into the skull behind the ear; how the murderer was hanged; and how, ever since, the two kindred families had abstained from all friendly intercourse, and often fought when they met at market. Sitting in the shade of the lilac tree that checkers the sunlit front-yard, and by its luscious clusters-- ever blooming in my memory--counteracts the un- savoury odours of the adjacent mwcha (a yard entered by two whitewashed gateways without gates, and devoted to cow-house and a monstrous oblong dung- hill); or on the green mouldering bench of the sum- mer-house, in a garden a medley of leeks, nettles, cabbages, roses, docks, slovenly box borders, and milk-white blossomed privet, and with ivy growing over its grey, lichen- mottled walls; or lolling in the warm grass--starred with buttercups, or snowed with apple-blossom--of the little orchard on the other side of the lane in company with the farm-dog, Pincher, who cocks his clipped ears and blinks his absurd eyes ever and anon, as if he would make-believe that he fully understood everything that was being said--! listen to the old man's takes, very proud that he should think me worth talking to; for though he does believe in ghosts and dreams, and may, perhaps, as a superannuated man, be treated at times with scant respect by those of his own household, I know that he is the "Oracle of Law, Divinity, and Physic" to all that country-side, having made more wills than any attor- ney, preached more sermons than any parson, and cured more people than any doctor in it. The curate, the Methodist minister, and the pedler (a greater man than either of the former, in my estimation, because he can tell us so much of the outside world, when he pays us his rare visits), all like to chat with the old man, and listen attentively to his replies. Besides, has he not written poetry, and dialogues, and things which have been printed in the Swansea newspaper, which we get once a week; and to a child like me, is not the man who has appeared in print something more than human. The orchard stile adjoins the upper village- shop, the principal wares in which seem to be pepper- mint drops and candles. A little further on, on the other side, is a hollow, into which the ewes belonging to the farm are driven night and morning to be milked; and very delicious sheep's milk it is, and splendid cards and whey it makes, as a frequent visitor of the farm-dairy, and a favourite even with the grim "Aunt Betty"--all women past forty are aunts, all men past fifty uncles, in this part of the world--who presides over it in a faded plain "bed- gown" and crushed black hat, can testify from ample experience. Further on, still is the village-green, where geese and donkeys most do congregate; a solid, whitewashed, low-pitched, thatched farmhouse, dating from long before the Commonwealth, and confer- ring the third village patent of gentility on its tenant \--the first appertaining to the parsonage, the second to the Castle farm, and the fourth to that with which the reader is already familiar--and a few white- washed, thatched cottages, with tumble-down lean-to stables, in which, when not turned out to graze upon the Marsh (almost every cottager in our Village owns a horse, the horses being fed upon chopped furze and potatoes), circle the green. In front of each cottage door, on one night of the year St. John's Eve, I think--a furze fire flames and crackles. On some holiday--King's Birthday, Coronation Day, or such like--I am jolting over the green in one of the country cars, a springless vehicle with a high- railed back, like an old-fashioned chair for a giant set on wheels. The horse that draws it has a blinkerless headstall, and a cart-saddle over which a thick chain passes, and the reins are made of rope. A similar halter is often the car-horse's only bridle. We are going to spend our holiday in a picnic at a headland in the neighbourhood, renowned for wrecks. As we leave the village behind us, the country becomes more open. Breezy downs, with undulations as bright and smooth and graceful as the folds of a green velvet robe, sweep down to beaches which no foot seems to tread; or, previously cropping out in limestone boulders, are abruptly terminated by limestone crags. Presently, we pass through more than one village inhabited by people of an unknown tongue, who, when they speak, seem to be in a furious passion because they cannot spit out something sticking in their throats. The English we have left behind is not remarkable for orthoepy or syntax--"brag" being its equivalent for "brig," and "come he," "come she," its forms of what should be the second person sin- gular of the imperative--but, at all events, it is more intelligible and euphonious than this awful Welsh, which it appears impossible to pronounce without hemorrhage. Arrived on the north side of our little Morea-- turf-capped lofty wall of ruthless cliffs, gradually sinking on the right into a broad flat beach, behind which a lonely little white parsonage looks out upon the bright blue waves--we see the Inner and the Outer Head: the former a raised, grassy tableland, separated at high-tide from the shore; the latter a tall stern grey crag, with one patch of turf upon its landward side, joined to the Inner Head by a low, curved, narrow isthmus of rock, that affords no footing in the calmest weather, and over which in storm the water hurries and hisses in seething snow. Whity- brown sheep are grazing on the Inner Head; and on the Outer stands a black-faced ram, gazing in stupid fear down on the wide chasm he has been unac- countably impelled to leap. With plenty of rich grass upon the Inner Head, the scanty bit of herbage surely cannot have been his inducement. Back he must jump again, or stay there till he dies; for the Outer Head, riding in proud, gloomy, per- pendicularity, like a truncated, splintered pillar, is inaccessible to man. Many and many a time, when the white spray has been driven by the howling wind in a zigzagging, interlacing shower high over its tall head, have fingers clutched frantically and fruitlessly at the wave-worn column, to which even sea-weed cannot cling and then the wrathful sea, which smiles so sweetly now, has dragged back its victims, and choked them in its returning rush. Here and there, a crowbar is firmly fixed along the edge of the cliff; to the bar is fastened a rope, and to the rope a quarryman, plying his trade as he sways hither and thither in mid-air, or plants himself on a projecting narrow platform. In a plumb-line course, or bound- ing from ledge to ledge, the great boulders of lime- stone seek with a sullen splash the sand beneath the brine, and are carted away at low-tide. Half-way between the cliff-top and the beach, there is a hollow known as the Devil's Cave. How far it runs inland, is not known. The quarrymen, who take their meals here, and leave their stools here, have never ventured to go further in than some two hundred yards. Here, at sundown, the story goes, whenever that night, or the next day, a brave ship will be dashed to pieces on the pitiless Outer Head, the Evil One kindles a fire, whose lurid flames burnish the dusky billows with a bloody, troubled brilliance. When that long line of ill- omened light is seen trembling on the sea, the fish- ing boats fly back to port, and "Heaven and hell will be fuller before to-morrow night," say the cottagers on the hillsides. Besides hunks of apple pasty, Aunt Betty's curds and whey, the old man's stories, stumpy-tailed Pinchrr's company, and "Henry Earl of Moreland," I have other inducements to draw me up to the old farm, up the Castle Hill, and through the Castle farm- yard (a route I do not much affect, having a dread of E., the half-mad tenant of the Castle, a dried-up little man in rusty black, who stops his pony when he sees me coming, keeps calling out "Boy!" until I have got up to him, then lifts his whip, stares at me for a moment, and trots on without saying another word; and also of a huge boar, with tusks like little sickles, which always will plant itself against the farm-yard gate when I want to open it); or mounting with difficulty the smooth stone slab with zigzag stone steps on both sides, which is the South Welsh stile, through the garden at the back of the Bull Inn (wherein more than once espy the pretty young landlady being very heartily kissed, and am there- upon kissed by her, presented with halfpence, and earnestly adjured not to tell my "mar" or anybody else what I have seen, under penalty of a visitation from Bogie that very night), through E.'s close, and through the elm-shaded green park, and the rock- dotted "Yetlands " (in one or other of which last two, although I escape E. and E.'s boar, I am almost sure to see E.'s fiery-eyed bull shambling from the furthest corner of the meadow to cut me off before, with my heart in my mouth, I can gain the asylum of the gate or style); or past the front of the public- house, where the small crews of the few coasters that now and then visit the bay are looked upon with great reverence by the other revellers as experienced mariners who have seen the world, and know yonder English hills--resting on the sea in the horizon, a filmy cloud of wood-smoke blue--as well as they know Cefn B------; through the lower village, with its green, stagnant duckponds, its whitewashed hovels, so clean without, so foul within ("What's the use of scrubbing a floor?" says many a Welsh cottager; "it'll get dirty again"); its shop, more ambitious than that in the upper village, displaying sundry rolls of gaudy ribbon, with a bladder of lard on one side and a box of raisins on the other; its beer-shop frequented by the "fast young men" of the neighbourhood-- "Tom of the Parsonage" (a saucy English groom), and one or two labourers on whom the squire's game- keeper has his eye; its weaver's, where I stand for half an hour watching through the window the shuttle dart fish-like through the tight upright threads; its tiny Baptist chapel, whither on Sunday afternoons grown- up people, even grey-haired men and women, as well as children, "go to Sunday- school," and up the steep, narrow rocky Holloway--a lane like the dry bed of a torrent, which leads between high hedges, whose dog- rose sprays marry blushfully overhead, and on whose bands the foxglove in profusion nods its bells, to the foot of the wall of the old farm's garden When I reach the quaint old place, there is the young bull-calf, with budding horns, like marbles driven into his forehead, to ride and tease--to make a scape-calf of for the iniquities of his papa in the Yetlands; or the line is blocked up with penned- in sheep, and the front yard littered with wool, and filled with squatting men, and struggling or pensively resigned wethers and ewes yielding their fleeces to the shears, whilst those already shorn trot off, shivering and perplexed, but still pleased to find themselves on their legs again, to the home close; or a bullock is to be killed in the barn, and, when killed divided between the house and one or two neighbouring farms, which subsequently will return the compliment (a system of mutual accommodation rendered necessary by the circumstance that there is no butcher's shop in the village, and which the cottagers imitate when they kill their pigs); or hay or corn is being carted in the primitive vehicles, which probably preserve the fashion which prevailed centuries ago--shafts, with connecting battens at the bottom, and a high back, set on a pair of low wheels; or they are burning lime in the briar-embosomed kiln in the "off- farm," and want a horse to be sent them; when, if bay, black-maned Diamond or chest- nut-coloured Phillis be at home--the black mare Violet is too young and skittish for my guidance--I am hoisted on to the back of the big beast, feeling as it I were a mahout on an elephant, and despatched at an amble, jolting from side to side with legs stretched out like a pair of open compasses, along the freshly scented lanes; or, if the day be rainy, I "play at parsons" with golden-haired little Tilly in the chapel, banging away on the desk of the green baize movable pulpit in orthodox style, until I am almost smothered with the dust; and then, knocking down my rostrum, I chase my "congregation" over the forms which serve for pews, until I obtain my stipend in the shape of sundry kisses, boxes on the ear, and scratches.--Peter 'Possum. 