VARIETIES. Why is a stingy man like a sea trout?— Because he is scaly. Why should money not be called blunt ?— Because men often cut a dash with it. Why is a strange notion like a tall stag ?— Because it is an high deer (idea-r). . Why did Louis Pbiilippe resemble a spell of wetweath- er ?— Because he reigned (rained) long, and then fie mizzled. Why is a side saddle like a four quart measure ? — Be cause it holds" a gal on (gallon). Why is a young lady dancing the polka like a horse at full pace ?— Because she is gal hopping (gal loping). When is a man shaved by proxy 1— When his wife goes shopping in his absence. Why is the slave trade likely to be encouraged in this country ?— Because every day people are selling their fellows, ' Richard Giblet said of a mean fellow who had turned Catholic, ' He's done it to save meat twice a week.' King Hudson was in the habit of saying, whenever he was apprised of another accident, ' Well, accidents will occur on the best regulated railways !' It was a favourite saying of Wilberforce's. or Deaf Burke's—' The man who pledges his health too often, will soon be left with nothing else to pledge.' Lord Londonderry, when at Frankfort, sent his ser vant to the English chapel to engage four of the best places in a front row for him. When he applied for them, the gentleman at the door said to him, ' You have made a mistake, my lord ; the theatre is on the other side of the way.' , There was a number of reductions in the king's house hold at, the time the Duke of Bordeaux was born. Tal leyrand' went about, saying that the Duke was to be christened ' Louis Etcetera.' ' Why Etcetera V every one asked. Why, don't you see they will save six names by it ?' answered the witty diplomatist. Dando, the celebrated oyster-eater, was sometimes very facetious. He has been heard to soy—' The poets I relish most are Crabbe, Milton, and Shelley. Whenever I open them, I am sure to find something to my liking.' He would also say, ' 1 never had more than one enemy, but I always went in and bearded him.' alluding to his great enemy, the oyster. He retained his faculties lo the lost. Being asked on his deathbed what he should like, he said, 'Just a dozen Natives of Paris.' Prince Albert was blaming a little boy at Eton for not having learnt more at bis age. ' It's not my fault, sir,' replied the young dunce, ' for we have a holiday every time a prince is born.' ' Thank you, sir,' said a poor woman to Rothschild, who had just given her a penny ; 'may it be returned to you a hundred-fold 1' ' Why, that's cent, percent. 1' exclaimed the great capitalist, and he ran after the wo man to give her another penny. Mrs Gore said of the Dowager Countess of Lushing- tob,. who had a great reputation for painting, that whenever she wanted to wash her face, she was obliged to go to a shop in Wardour-street where they cleaned old paintings. It was the ' Examiner who compared O'Connell to a kite, saying he never would have risen so high, if it had not been for the length of his ' tail.' At the time Lord John Russellwas defeated in two elections, an anonymous admirer sent him a sixpenny drum, with the inscription, ' I am beaten on both sides.' Cooper nnd Dlddear were talking in the green room about immortality. ' We must not flatter ourselves,' said the long established 'Ghost in Hamlet,' 'for im mortality is very much like this play-bill ; our names may be before the public in large letters to night— but where is it to- morrow ?— mingled with the saw-dust !' ' It is very true,' replied the representative of 'famished fathers, ' we are like the gas which shines brightly du ring the night, but is turned off the following morning to pass its days in obscurity I' Adam Smith was at times very absent. He was told be had sent a letter to a lady unsealed. He called on her the next day, and said, 'My dear madam, I have brought you the wafer I forgot to put in your letter.' . Judge Brown used to do a little discounting. He was in the habit of saying, ' Friendship may be a name, bnt it is one I have never seen yet— at the back of a bill.' The celebrated Ra)ah Ramhobbedehoy was asked, when he returned to India, what he thought of England, ' Oh, it's a very fine country,' replied the Hindoo Rajah. spoilt by a number of live widows,' Mr Richard Dunn says that love is the madness of the many for the gain of a few. Modern Syntax.— An editor, recording the career of a mad dog. says:— ' Wo are grieved to say that the rabid animal, before it could be killed, severely bit Dr Hart, nnd several other dogs ' An advertisement announces, ' For sale, an excellent youug horse— would suit any timid lady or gentleman, with a long silver tail.' The editor of a Western panic observes, ' The poem we publish in this week's ' Herald' was written by an es teemed friend— note for many years in the grave fir his own amusement. The editor of an Eastern newspaper expresses great indignation at the manner in which a woman was buridd who committed suicide. He says, ' She was buried like a dog, with her clothes on.' The Bishop of Rochester has written to the clergy of Colchester, intimating that he shall suspend any parson who shall eat oysters with its beard on. The issue of the new bronze coinage will involve one advantage. Professional beggars will now less than ever be justified in nssailing your earn with—' Gentlemen, aryerarn copper?' a. cheer for elgin; He has done his work ieatly, adroitly, completely, So saith Mr Punch, unaccustomed to flatter : And except that the welkin don't rhyme to Lord Elgin, The former should ring with the praise of the latter. Punch. Woman nre said to have stronger attachments than men. Is it not so ? Strength of attachment is evinced in little things.1 A man is often attached to an old hat ; but did you- ever know of n woman having an attach ment for an old bonnet ? "Committing" a Nuisance.—" Sir," said a young fellow who had been taken into custody for dis orderly conduct to the magistrate, "has a man got a right to commit a nuisance?" "No, sir, certainly not," replied the magistrate. " Then, sir, I must be set free, according to your own authority. I was arrested as a nuisance ; and as nobody has a right to commit me, I claim to be set- at liberty." The magistrate, being so dull as not to perceive the force of the appeal, sent the amateur lawyer to pursue his studies at the expense of the county. Of Two Evils, Sc.— A cynical individual, on read ing a pathetic story in one of the papers lately, noted it in his memorandum book as follows: — "Somebody whistled. Teucber calls up big boy on suspicion. Big boy comes up and holds out his band, sullen and savage. Noble little boy oomes manfully forward, and says, ' I'm the boy what whistled, sir,' at the same time extending his hand. Teacher simmers down, and lets 'em both on. (Mem.— Noble little hoy thought tencher wouldn't lick him if he told the truth, but knew big boy would lick, him if he didn't): Among the contemplated Law Reforms of I8G1, is an Act enabling persons to establish their own sanity during their lifetime, in order tlmt, after death, they may not have their wills disputed on the ground that when they mude tliem tliey were out of their miuds. Spohr's violin, which was announced some weeks since as about to he put up for auction, has keen pur chased by M. Ludcrs, as a present to M, Kwinpel, the fuvoiijq nupil of the German masters. 