NOTES AND QUERIES. 1 FROLICS OF THE JllDUM IN THE OLDEN TIME. " Saturday, Feb. 2. Being Candlemas Day. there was a grand entertainment at the Temple Hall for the Judges, Sergeants-at-Law, &c.; The Prince of Wales was there incog., ? the Lord Chancellor, Earl of Macclesfield, Bishop of Bangor, and several persons of quality. Mr. Baker was master of the ceremonies, and received all the company. At night there was a comedy acted by the company of his Majesty's Revels, from the theatre in the Haymarket, called Love for Love, and the societies of the Temple presented the comedians with £50. The ancient ceremony of the judges, wife., dancing rowiJ our coal fire, and singing an old French song, was performed with great decency." \- Gent. Mag. (Bob. 1734) iv. 103. A PARALLEL WITH A MOH.VI,.-The following curious narrative from Herodotus is very applicable to the present state of things in reference to the claim set up for fugitive slaveB-"Pactyas having heard that the army which had marched against him was close at hand, in consternation fled for refuge to Came. Magnus therefore despatched messengers to Came, commanding them to deliver up Pactyas ; but the Cumrcons, after deliberation, decided on making reference to the god in Bronchida, for there was on oracle there, established of old time, which all the Ionians and JEctions were in the habit of consult- ing. (Now this place is in Milesia, northward of the haven panoramas.) The Cummins there having sent deputies to Branchida, asked what they should do about Pactyas, so as to please the gods. To this question of theirs the response of the oracle was to give up Pactyas to the Persians.' When the Currie ans heard this repeated, they eagerly set themselves to deliver him up ; but though the multitude was eagerly set upon this, Aristodicus, the son of Ilera slides, discrediting the oracle, or thinking that the deputies were not telling the truth, prevented the Cumans from doing this thing, until at least other deputies should go to put the question about Pactyas a second time, and Aristodicus was one of them. On their arrival at Branchido, Aristodicus, in the name of all, consulted the cod, submitting the question in these terms : 'O' King, there came to us a suppliant, Pactyas the Lydian, flying from a violent death at the hands of the Persians and they remind him from us (for torture), requiring us to deliver him up and we though affrighted by the power of the Persians, have not hitherto dared to give him up, until it is expressly declared to us by thee what we should do.' On these words he submitted the question, and the god again gave the same answer, commanding them to give up Pactyas to the Persians. Thereupon Aristodicus, of forethought, acted in this manner. Walking round about the temple, he drove out the sparrows and all the other kinds of birds which had built their nests in the temple, and while he was doing this it is said that a voice issued from the innermost shrine, addressing Aristodicus, and in these words : Most impious of men, how canst thou to do these things ? Dearest thou my supplicants out of the temples' And Aristodicus, without being at a loss for a moment, thereupon said O King, dost thou fly to the rescue of thy suppliant, and at the same time command the Chemicals to give up this suppliant ?' And at that he (the god) again replied in these words : ' Yes, I do command it, in order that, having done the impious deed, ye might the sooner be destroyed, so as never more to come to the oracle about the giving up of suppliants.' "-Herodotus, lib . it can. 157. REFHESirar-NT rou CI/EROVUEN.-The following curious items are extracted from the Darlington parochial registers: 1639. For Mr. Thompson that preached the forenoon and afternoon, for a quart of sack, 14d. 1650. For six quarts of back to the mine Ster that preached when we had not a minister, 9s. 1066\. For one quart of sack bestowed on Mr. Gillett when he preached, 2s. 4d. 1684. To the parson's order, given to a man both deaf and dumb, being sent from minister to minister to London, Cd. To Mr. Bell, with a letter from London with the names of the Royal Family, 6d. 1688. To the fingers on thanks- giving day for the Young Prince, in money, ale, and costs, 7s. 4d. 1691. For a pint of brandy when Mr. Goorge.Bi'U preached here, Is. 4d. When the Dean of Durham preached here, spent in a treat with him, 3s. 6d. For a stranger that preached, a dozen of ale, 12d. SEPARATION OF THE. SEXES IN CiiunciiBs.-In- stances of this custom ore met with in the Isle of Man At the Tynwald Chapel, situated at S. John's, 1 the males sit on the south side of the nave, and the females on the north side. Another peculiarity in the island is the constant use of a prayer for the fisheries in the Litany, viz., " That it may please ; Thee to give and preserve to our use the kindly fruits ; of the earth, and to restore and continue to us the blessings of the sea' so as in due time we may enjoy them." MUMMY or' A MANCHESTER LADY (2nd S. viii. 147.) In " N. and Q." an inquirer, F. R. R., asks for information about the " Mummy of a Manchester Lady." It is a only a few days since I accidentally saw the above inquiry, or I should have replied sooner. The mummy in question is that of a maiden lady, a Miss Bexwick or Beswick, who died about the middle of last century. This lady had a great horror of being buried alive to avoid this she devised an estate to her medical adviser, the late Charles White, Esq., and his two children, viz., Miss Rosa White and her sister, and his nephew, Captain White (now living), on con ' dition that the doctor paid her a morning visit for twelve months after her decease. In order to do this it was of course requisite to embalm her, which he did, and she was then placed in the attic of the old mansion in which she died, and in which the doctor took up his residence. Upon his leaving it, she was 1 removed to the house erected by him in King-street, Manchester, and which stood on the ground now occupied by the Town Hall. At the death of Dr. While she was sent to the Lying-in Hospital, where she remained until she arrived at her present resting-place, the Manchester Museum of Natural History. I should certainly say that De Quiney's assertion of the body being changed, and that of a notorious highwayman being substituted, is not correct ; but I should think it could easily (if necessary) be ascertained by any gentleman with a competent anatomical knowledge. The estate above named is called Cheetwood, with an old hall, which was at one time a black and white timber mansion, but now, 1861, BO modernised externally as scarcely to be recognised by any one who knew it fifty years ago. The locality is about one mile to the N.E. of Manchester ; it must have been held on a lease of lives by the Beswick's from the Derby family, to whom it will again revert upon the death of Captain White, surviving nephew of the late Charles White, Esq., and will then become swallowed up in the omnivorous jaws of an increasing city. Forty years ago it formed one of the most delightful walks in the suburbs of Manchester. Fifty years ago I was born in the Old Hall at Cheetvvood, where my father and grandfather resided for many years previous. My father was intimately acquainted with Mr. White, but whether he derived the above information from him or not I cannot say, but should think it likely that he did I shall be glad to furnish to your correspondent any other information on this subject that I may possessed. Y. D. SCOTCH Music-hall any reader of " N. and Gee's kindly inform me to what people we are indebted for that peculiarly characteristic music claimed as national, both by the Highlander and Lowlands of Scotland ? Answer Welsh music, we are told, is really the music of the bands ; or the production of later composers, strongly imbued with the national feeling of the Cymric. Such, also, is the case with the genuine Irish music. But the idiosyncrasy of Scottish music belongs neither to the Dane, Norwegian, Frisian, nor Anglo-Saxon the elements of the people known as the Lowlanders of Scotland ; therefore, it cannot have originated with them. Again, it is difficult to reconcile oneself to the idea that any relationship can exist between the pibroch, or other barbarous cacophony brayings of the Highland bag pipe, and the noble melodious strathspey, fee. David Rizzio is said to have given a polish to Scotch music ; andNeil-Gow is said to have improved it still more, many beautiful pieces being of his composition ; but the style, I suspect, is far more ancient than either of them and Neil Gow only worked from a model. True, we find the sweet pathetic airs with words set to them in the Lowland dialect ; but are the words and the airs of these songs coeval The strathspey, a dance for two persons, derives its appellation from having made its appearance in the country so called. When ? is the question. My only authority is Dr. Ogilvie's Imperial Dictionary, c. This induces another question to the Gaelic scholar, viz., is strath a genuine Gaelic word, or only a corruption of Truth, a valley ? A. C. M. SAI/CBKITY or Br.xuitL.-From five report of the Registrar-General, it appears that Eastbourne ranks the highest among the healthy places of England. Judging, however, from the inscriptions on the tomb- stones in the churchyard of Bexhill, which is within a few miles of Hastings, that place may well rival Eastbourne. The Rev. H. W. Simpson, rector of that parish, has kindly furnished me with the following fact, which is strikingly illustrative of what I have just stated The population of Bexhill at the last census was 2148. At Christmas, 1859, the rector administered the sacrament to ten old people whose united ages amounted to 856 years, averaging 85 years and 9 months each and the following was the order of their respective ages : die, 94 ; two, 93 ; three, 03; four, 87 ; fav.-, 85 ; six, 81 ; seven, 82 ; eight, 82 ; nine, 78 ; ton, 78. horses crops inhuman).- What is the allusion in the third line' of the following stanza, taken from a poem entitled Par Nobile Fratrum, on the departure of the part nobile fratrum," Lords Castlereagh and Stewart, for the continent? - Vor not e'en the Regent himself has endured (Though I've seen him with badges and orders all shine Till he looked The a house that was over Insured), A much heavier burden of glories than mine. Vito Tory Guide, n. 215. R. O. [Formerly it was the custom to affix to houses, when insured, what we believe were called plate, on which appeared a figure of the Sun, Globe, Co,, which served to show the particular office in which the premises were insured. The practice has ceased, probably in consequence of the arrangements which placed all the Fire Engine Establishments under one head. Since we received this query;, we have counted as many as six plates on one house and saw at a glance how one who, " with badges and orders all shone", might very well be compared to a -house de", covered with gilt and coloured insurance plates."! MVSTKUIOUS KNOCKINOS J THE SYDBKSTONT. GHOST. -JVDIABIUS will find some accounts of this affair in the Norwich Mercury, which for several weeks reported the proceedings of the Syderstono ghost. Not having a fine of the above paper to refer to, I cannot give dates ; but I well remember the sensation produced in the neighbourhood at the time. On one occasion, if not more than one, a clergyman from Norwich went over to hear the knocking, and gave his assent to the belief already entertained by some of the wiseacres at Syderstono, that they were produced by spiritual or supernatural agency ! All this, and more, will be found in the Mercury; but I do not think the offer made by a party of stout young fellows from Pakenham was reported in print. These gentlemen, among whom was an acquaintance of mine,- not being duly impressed with a fear of the | devil, although in this particular instance, fully believing in his personal existence, offered to investigate the matter, and effectually to put a stop to his visits to the parsonage, but as one of the conditions they proposed was that the rector and all his family should for one or two nights vacate the house and promises, and give them absolute possession, their offer was rejected, and the spirit continued his pranks, probably much longer than he would have done had the irreverent young gentlemen aforesaid been allowed to take him in hand. Q. 