THE NEWS OF THE DAY. The Appropriation Bill, and the clause intro duced into it upon the motion of Mr Nicholson, was again the subject of a lengthy debate in the Legislative Assembly last evening. After tho message had been, received from the Council inti mating that that body had agreed to the bill with out amendment!', another message was received from his Excellency the Governor, requesting that the bill might bo amended by the omission of the third clause — the one restraining the Ministry from appropriating any portion of the public revenue after the last day of August unless Parliament should be then sitting. The House was at first disposed to refuae to tako this message into consideration, but eventually agreed to do so, and Mr Heales then moved that the amendment recommended be agreed to. Upon this proposition an animated discussion ensued. The motion of the Chief Secretary was but feebly supported even by hon. members on his own side of the House, whilst from the Opposition it met with a vigorous resis tance, as being unconstitutional and calculated to destroy the privileges of the House. Mr Wood contended that the message was out of order, inasmuch, as it did not comply with the 36th clause of the Constitutian Act, by virtue of which clause the Governor had forwarded the message to the Assembly, since the bill could nothavepassed both Houses, and been presented to his Excel lency, prior to the message being prepared and sent down. The bill had passed the Council less than ten minutes before .the message from the Governor was received in the Assembly, and it was, therefore, evident that the whole affair must have been cut and dried previously. But besides this, it was stated that the Appropriation Bill never could have been legally before his Jixcel lency, since, unlike all other bills, as soon as it has passed the Council, it returns to the Assembly, and passes into the hands of the Speaker, in whose custody it remains until presented by him at the head of the Assembly to his Excellency for the Iloyal as sent. Mr Miehie charged the Ministry with hav ing advised his Excellency to commit an uncon stitutional proceeding in sending down a message to the House relative to a bill which had never been properly before him, and which, therefore, he was supposed never to have seen. The Chief Secretary attempted to explain this by stating that a certified copy had been previously sent to hia Excellency, and the Attorney- General as serted that the Governor had acted as he had done merely in order not to prolong the session. It was evident, however, that the Ministiy had made a great mistake; and an. amendment moved by Mr Miehie, to the effect that the House de clined to accede to the proposition contained in the Governor's message, because it was contrary to the spirit of U«s CujiatUuiIon that he should propose any alteration in the Appiupi-iatiuu Act, was carried by a majority of 36 to 17. The opinion of the Attorney- General as to the question submitted to him by the President of the Board of Land and Works relative to the power of the Board to grant licenses for residence and cul tivation, was laid on the table of the Legislative Council last evening, and will be found in another column. The 68tli clause of the present Land Sales Act, according to this opinion, provides for the issue of such licenses. The following is the clause referred to, verbatim et literatim : — ' It shall be lawful for the said Board to grant, under such restrictions, limitations, and condi tions as they may think fit, to any person who may apply for the same, a license to occupy for any term not exceeding seven years next following tho date of such license, Crown lands for the sites of inns, stores, bridges, or ferries, and toll or punt houses, or for the working of mineral springs, or for such other purposes as may appear to the said Board to be for the public advantage or conve nience ; but no. such license shall be so granted unless the petson applying, for the same shall pay to the said Board such yearly fee as to tho said Board shall seem fit.' The Appropriation Bill was introduced into the Legislative Council last evening, and the standing orders having been suspended, it was passed through all its stages, and agreed to. Mr Cole moved that the third clause, prohibiting the ap propriation of any portion of the public revenue after the last day of August, except Parliament be then sitting, be struck out, but the motion was negatived without a division. In the earlier pare of the evening the Acting President announced that his Excellency would attend at the Council Chamber, this day, to give his «3sent to certain bills. 'A Plea for Ghosts' is the title of a lecture to be delivered this evening at the Mechanics' Institute by Mr Blair. The lecture is in reply to one given last year by A. Miehie, Esq. The expectations of the miners have again been disappointed, and all hopes of the reduction or abolition of the gold export duty for some con siderable time are at an end. The second read ing of the Gold Export Duty Act Amendment Bill was moved in tho Legislative Council last evening, by Mr. Robertson. It was very feebly supported, and an amendment by Mr. Fawkner, that it be read a second time that day six months, ?WPS carried without a division. The new member for East Melbourne, Mr Graham Barry, made his first appearance in the Assembly last evening. He was introduced by the Chief Secretary and Mr 'Wilson Gray, and took his seat on the Ministerial cross-benches. 'Mining clairvoyance,' says the Ballaarat Star, 'is advancing. Yesterday a party was made up to perambulate the site of the Nil Des perandum's ground with a clairvoyante, in the expectation of finding, if not another nugget, the place where the lost lead may be again struck. And the same agency was employed a few days Bince to explore, bodily as well as clairvoyantly, the subterranean recesses of the Copenhagen Company's claim. The clairvoyante descended the shaft, explored the drives, described the mine clairvoyantly also, and afterwards on the surface pointed out, still in the mesmeric sleep, the course of the gutter ! It remains to be seen if the New Gold Fields Bill will contain a olairvoyante section, and 'sleeping beauties' bo accepted by his Honor Judge Eogerg in lieu of managers ordi nary in suits before his Honor's court, for the purpose of denning boundaries and direction of leads. It may, at all events, not be amiss deli cately to probe the honorable Commissioner of Mines upon the subject when he comes before the niiners of BallaaratEMtfpr re- election.' i ? ??. ' - ? ? ? ? ?- - ? v' ? . ' The Melbourne Stock Exchange' is fast becom-, ing a very important institution. Since its remo delling some months since, it has considerably advanced both in the confidence and favor of the public, and the few brokers that at first declined to join it have since sent in their applications and become members. The practice that has hitherto obtained, of transacting business whilst strolling up and down Collins street, has for some time been found extremely inconvenient, and the want of an exchange room, where the brokers and their several clients could meet, has been severely felt. This want has at length been met. The large pre mises recently occupied ky Mr Mackillop, ia Queen street, have been taken and fitted up, and yesterday morning the New Melbourne Stock Exchange was opened. The arrangements that have- been made for the transaction of business are very good. There is one large room with a series of offices on. either side, and at the end of this room there is a smaller one, set apart as a committee room, into which none but members are admitted. The localisation of the brokers and members of the Stock Exchange in one par ticular building will be a great advan tage to the public, and must materially tend to the satisfactory and speedy dispatch of business. The first quarterly meeting of the members of the Stock Exchange was held yesterday at the new building. The report of the outgoing committee ?was unanimously adopted, and the accounts sub mitted shewed the finances to be in an encourag ing state. The candidates for the committee for general purposes were — Messrs W. G. Baillie, G. G. Brown, William Clarke, junior, \V. H. Crop per, John Everard, David Lyons, Emil Pohl, and J. B. 'Were. On a ballot being taken, the first seven were declared to be duly elected. Trustees were chosen, and the business pertion of the meeting having been concluded, the members ad journed to a dyeuner d lafowchelte at the adjoining hotel. Mr William Clarke.jun., occupied the chair, and Mr John Everard the vice-chair. After the usual loyal toasts, the following were proposed and done ample justice to: — 'The Stock Ex change,' ' the Chairman of the house — Mr W. G. Baillie,' ' the Committee,' 'the New Mem bers,' ' the Secretary — Mr Robert Wallen,' &c;, &c.; As a warning to others of his class, the City Police Bench, yesterday, sentenced a man named Raynor, to fourteen days' imprisonment for non compliance with an agreement he had entered into toservewithMrButchart, asa hired servant. The man, it appeared, contracted at a labor office to serve with two gentlemen, and Mr Butchart, whom he did not go to, having been frequently served in the same manner, had Raynor arrested. The three men, Bowden, Jones, and Larkin, charged with committing a highway robbery near Woodend, were brought up at the City Police Court yesterday, and discharged. The evidence of the mounted constable, with whom the information was lodged, revealed further dis crepancies in the statements of the prosecutor, Laggner, and the Bench did not feel j unified in committing the prisoners for trial. A respectably diessed man, named Herrman Cederwall, was committed for trial at the City Police Court, yesterday, on two charges of ob taining money under false pretences. From the evidence, it appeared that the prisoner had vic timised a number of tradesmen and Iandloid3 of hotels, by passing valueless cheques drawn for £2 each. He signed the cheques himself, but had no account at the banks they were drawn upon. Daring the trial of a female prisoner, at the General Scsoiono ycat»^.r. «- - -- — o- ol uav ing stolen a watch and chain, Mr Birnie, who, at the request of his Honor Judge Pohlman, con ducted tha defence, informed the Court that his client had stated to him that she had paid to a solicitor ot the Supreme Court £7 in order to re tain the professional services of the gentleman in question. At the last sessions he (Mr Birnie) had, at the request of the solicitor in question, applied for and obtained a postponement of the case, with a view to afford time for the prepara tion of the defence; but, according to the woman's statement, this solicitor had never since commu nicated with her. The matter then dropped, but will bb revived before the close of the sessions. As an instance of profitable mining speculation, the Ballaarat Star states that a ' Mr Mayes, who holds four shares and a half in. the Royal Saxon Company, received last Saturday no less than £225 as his dividends for the week.' 