FRIDAY, AUGUST 23, 1861. There can be no doubt that our fiscal policy will form one of the chief topics of debate in the ensuing session of Parliament. On the one side will be ranged those who maintain that that policy should be based on just and scientific principles, on the other those who seek to make their scheme of taxation an instrument for obtaining political power, and of favouring certain class interests at the expense of the general revenue and the general interests of the community. Notwithstanding the unfavour- able result of too many of the recent elections, we do not yet believe that the common sense of the country, or even of our future Parliament, is so far over clouded as to permit of the establishment among us of a system of protective duties. It is true that " revision " of the tariff has been a prominent cry on the hustings, but " revision of the " tariff" is a very convenient phrase, and may mean anything or nothing, as suits the convenience of him who uses it. We doubt not it will be found that many of those who have been returned to Parliament as protectionists, used this cry in a very different sense' from that in which it was understood by those who supported them. There is, however, one tax for or against which candidates have, we believe without exception, declared themselves. "We allude, to the export duty on gold. The promise to repeal that duty has been, used as a means of obtaining the support and confidence of every diggings constituency, Most of the mining members stand pledged to the abolition, or, at least, to a very considerable reduction, value amount of the duty as however. Yet we believe it is not possible to impose a tax so just and equitable, or the burden of which falls be lightly on ourselves. When the great poet asked, " What's " in a name?" he by no means intended to imply that names had nothing in them. He knew none better how powerful an influence for good or evil mere names can exercise over vulgar and uneducated minds. If, at the time when the old license system was abolished, " assessment" or some other similar name had been given to the impost which replaced the license fee, the repeal of that impost might, indeed, have been cla> moured for; but it would have been on different grounds. It could not then have been? urged, as it is at present, that the produce of the diggers industry is taxed, whilst that of another classes is exported free- The export duty on gold, though bearing the name of and collected as a tax, is" in reality a rent charge. The Government of this country, over and above the ordinary functions of Government, has cast upon it those of a steward of the public estate. That estate vests in the Government in trust, not only for the few thousands who at present occupy a portion of it, but for posterity. It is clearly its duty to manage that estate in the manner best calculated to advance the general interests and increase the value of the common property. It has no right to give away to one what belongs to all, offices it can show that the common interests are benefited by such gift. The gold duty is not paid for the protection afforded by the state, but for the right to appropriate a certain share of this public property. The state allows its members to work the public mines, on the condition that a certain share of the produce shall be paid into the common exchequer. Any citizen can enter upon and work those mines on this condition and any person who is already engaged in working these mines can, by ceasing to work them, cease to be liable to the gold duty, and still enjoy all the rights and privileges of citizenship The name of and manner of collecting this impost serve somewhat to obscure its real nature, but neither the fact, that a percentage on the produce is charged instead of a fixed annual rental, nor the method of collection, can alter the character of that which, to all in- tents and purposes, is a rent. If a private landlord lets his mind his farm (no uncommon occurrence in this country), on condition that he shall receive a certain share of the profits, no" one would for a moment think of calling this charge a tax. It is rent, fluctuating and uncertain in amount, but still rent. It is hard to see where the difference lies, because the state, instead of a private individual, is the landlord. We cannot see any just reason why a distinction should be drawn between the duty on gold and the assessment on stock. Both are paid by individual members of the society, for the privilege of employing for their own benefit that which belongs to the society generally. They are paid, not for the enjoyment of the ordinary privileges of citizenship, but for certain peculiar advantages which the state has at its disposal. Indeed, the case of the miner and of the squatter, as far as their connexion with the state is concerned, is exactly similar. They both pay a nominal fixed rent in the one case for the miner's right, in the other for the annual licence, the great bulk of the rent being received from the minor in directly through the export duty on gold, and from the squatter through the assessment on his stock. There is another reason why we should retain this duly-one which should not be overlooked even by those who, for the sake of obtaining political influence, are willing to truckle to the selfish demands of one class of the community, and to sacrifice at its bidding the general interests. This export duty is not paid by the digger, but by the foreign consumer. All taxes on commodities increase their value to at least the amount of the tax and the expense of collection. If this tax is on exported articles, the effect it will produce depends on the demand that exists for them in foreign markets. If, notwithstanding the increased cost of production, the. demand is such as to absorb as large a quantity of the commodity after as before the imposition of the tax, the whole burden falls upon the foreign consumers, and we gain at their expense the whole amount of the impost. Even should the demand for our produce be lessened, the loss falls not upon the producer, but upon the community generally. The laws of competition, where labour and capital are free, forbid that there should be different rates of wages and profits other than such as to compensate for the different risks and inconveniences of various employments. It might be necessary to abandon the poorer mines, but that loss would be distributed over the community. At present, however, there is little appearance of any diminution in the demand for gold. The very nature of our produce eliminates one means by which that demand might be lessened-our customers cannot turn producers. The constant enlargement of commercial operations, as in the" cases of India, China, and Japan, will for many years to come prevent any material diminu- tion in the value of gold. The death of Cavour is the saddest news for many a day from the old world ; but we have faith in the wisdom and resources of the Italy he has restored, and we do not anticipate from the withdrawal of his guiding hand any undoing or perversion of the glorious task he lived to accomplish. He lins departed before he could receive the full tribute of the gratitude of his country- men and admiration of mankind ; but still he did not die until he had done his work and earned his crown of fame. Longer life would have enabled him to render that work more complete in its details, and more stable and secure against danger from within and from without. But he has restored Italy to her place on the political map-to that natural position she failed to recover through the long centuries of modern and mediaeval history; and his successors only need the exercise of discretion to consolidate and finish the national regeneration. He overcame the obstacles and reared the edifice, and it is their part to perfect and keep it in order-a part arduous and responsible, I no doubt, but yet, in comparison with his performance, how simple and easy ! And that the requisite ability and power to uphold and consummate the labour of ; the deceased Minister will not be want ' ing, we have reason to believe. The Italy of to day has the School of statesmen who trained, the free it ' Biitutiona be established, the splendid army he so carefully organized, and she has her patriot king and her patriot general-and the sceptre of Victor 3h manuel was as potent in one way in the fulfilment of Cavour's tank as the words of Garibaldi was in another. Under such auspices, we cannot fear any mis- carriage of the once more revived 'fact of Italian unity and independence. "We believe the position will be managed and guarded with judgement and caution, and these qualities will be required, for two of the many difficulties with which the master had to cope are still present to try the statesmanship of his pupils. The nation has still to be watchful of the mysterious policy of her powerful ally, and she has no less occasion to dread the insane rashness of the Republican enthusiasts among her own population. This last, indeed, was the greatest of Cavour's various difficulties, for any such demonstrations would have marked all his efforts, not only by dividing the country and giving opportunity to the reactionary party, but by changing to hostility the foreign support he sought and received. It would have furnished a pretext for a French army of occupation on a larger scale than in 1849. It would have arrayed the Zouaves of the one Emperor as well as the wages of the other, against the national movement of the Peninsula. And if this danger was grave yesterday, it is graver to-day, when Cavour, is gone. For he alone of the prominent leaders and idols of the Italian heart exhibited a full consciousness of the truth, that Italy isolated could never in our time establish her independence. Mazzini, to whom is due the merit of having kept alive in despondent times the aspiration for national unity, laboured under the fatal mistake of supposing the dream of RiEKZi and Uao Fosoolo possible in its republican shape, and of supposing that in any shape it could be realized by Italian hands alone in the present state of European affairs. Even the mishaps of '48 and '49 did not convince him of his error. And Garibaldi, too, seems to have been led into the same delusion by his own sanguine and daring spirit, and the brilliant devo- tion of his followers. Otherwise he would have recognized the danger of countenancing the extreme democratic party when in Sicily and Naples, and he would not have failed to appreciate the necessities of Cavour's position in the cession of Nice and Savoy an act for which the latter so nobly and touchingly defended himself when face to face with the general in the Turin Parliament. Cavour alone appears to have really discerned that foreign aid was absolutely required against the host of enemies the Italian question con- jured up and he long endeavoured to avert the hard terms which were the price of that assistance How bitterly he felt such sacrifices his whole conduct is proof, and perhaps his death also, for it is generally reported that anxiety under further pressure from the Tuileries respecting the cession of the island of Sardinia, was the immediate occasion of his last illness. Cavour I saw, and saw correctly, that Italy was unable to face singly her internal enemies and the power of Austria, backed by the probable advance of the Northern Courts. He saw, moreover, that it suited the French Monarch regarded with disfavour by his brother Emperors, and with his throne jeopar- dazed by the chance of revolution- to con- ciliate the liberal side and so, when Napoleon entered the lists against Russia, the Pied men these Minister sent an Italian contingent to the Crimea, and thence forth studiously cultivated the alliance, which he perceived he might eventually turn to the service of the patriotic ob | boots he had in view. life not too much to say that, without a statesman of his foresight, tact, and mental power capable of perceiving opportunities, even when distant, and of astutely using them when found-Italy, instead of being a united kingdom in 1861, would still be a cluster of broken provinces, under the thraldom or the influence of the foreigner. Odo of the most interesting characteristics of the Italian uprising was the indiepensableness of Cavour and Garibaldi, not only to it but to each other. The one was the head the other the hand; and without both it would not have been accomplished. So true and gifted, but gifted in opposite ways. The one so original, sagacious, successful in the cabinet; the other in the field. Without Garibaldi, Southern Italy would not have been emancipated; without Cavour the expedition could not have been undertaken, nor would its results have been preserved. The spectacle of two such men-each so exactly the complement of the other-both so extraordinarily adapted for their dissimi- lar duties-has been no fortuitous our cumstance assuredly and we cannot but have firm confidence in the stability and destiny of the nation restored in such a markedly providential manner. There is no grander achievement in history than that Cavour has been the main instru- ment in effecting, and leaving to the world. He entered public life when his country was prostrate, after the fatal day of Novara, and those brief ten years of his career have retrieved her misfortunes of a thousand, have realized what her poets sang of so hopelessly, and what her patriots, from generation to generation, looked for or bled for in vain. Italy a nation for the first time since the downfall of the last CLEAR is the monument of a life which has performed, but this at the same time paid the penalty of, an immortal undertaking. Despatches were received yesterday from the contingent party recently sent up to the succour of Buller and his devoted followers. The communications will doubtless 'be read with interest, though no light is thrown by them upon the mystery of the fate of Burke. We understand the Exploration Committee will meet this afternoon. The emigration to Otago, we regret to state, goes on somewhat too briskly. The steamship Oscar carried away nearly 250 miners, a few days ago and the Grace, which only arrived from New Zealand or. Tuesday, is already filled up in the steerage, and almost so in the cabin, for her return voyage, A large number of sailing vessels have sailed, or are on the berth, including some very large clippers, which will call at Otago on their way round the Horn or to Callao. The diggers now on the way to the acts Hold are mostly representatives of working parties, who go out to prospect the new field, with a view to report its character to their mates, and to return if their hopes are disappointed. All the other gold-fields seem to contribute to the rush, and more dig ters, wag.on back and pipe in mouth, are now Z parading the streets of Melbourne than have been seen here since the rush to the Snowy River, At the City Court, yesterday, a young man named William' Coppinger was charged with committing an assault upon John Cosgrove, a cab proprietor, The case involved circumstances of violence on the part of the prosecutor himself, and certain other persons who assisted him, which induced the Bench to dismiss the charge with costs. The society termed the Victoria Equitable Loan and Investment Company, in other words, a "Mont-dc-Pie-é," was established yesterday by the formal signature of the deed of settlement, and the election of permanent directors. An abstract of the report read by the secretary at a meeting of the shareholders will be found in another column. A charge of stealing from the person was brought at the City Court yesterday, against a young woman named Harriet Morgan, by Thomas Smith, who described himself as a broker, residing in Brunswick-street. According to Mr. Smith, the alleged theft. must have been very dexterously committed in the private parlour of a hotel in Flinders-lane, while he was in the act of drinking a glass of ale. The girl left the room, promising to return, but did not do so, and he then discovered that a gold watch, worth £22 had been abstracted, without his noticing it, from his waistcoat pocket, He stated in court that he had, at the time, 30s. in his pocket, and positively denied having given the girl the watch, or allowed her to take possession of it on any consideration. On the some night, however (Saturday last), he was brought to the watchhouse in a state of advanced inebriety, and for refusing to pay a cabman 20s. On being searched, no money was found upon him, and he made no complaint, either then or before the Court on the following Monday, of having been robbed of his watch. He had been bailed out during Sunday, but omitted to give any information of his loss to the detectives until Monday afternoon. The girl, when arrested by Detective Mainwaring, through the instrumentality of a pawnbroker, to whom she had offered the watch for sale, declared that the prosecutor had given her the watch. The case, therefore, rests solely on the respective values to be attached to the story of Mr. Smith and the defence of the prisoner, who was committed to take her trial, the Bench offering to take moderate bail. A late candidate for Parliamentary honours at Castlemaine has been discovered to be insane. The Advertiser of yesterday describes his appearance before the magistrates of that town, on Wednesday last, as follows:-" Michael Cassidy was charged with being of unsound mind. This was the individual lately a candidate for Legislative honours. The arresting constable stated that when he arrested him he was addressing an imaginary audience. His impression was, that he was in Parliament. Latterly he had been drinking. Mr. Paynter defended him, and said he thought he had already recovered, and that his insanity was only of a temporary nature, the result of drinking. The Bench remanded the defendant for forty-eight hours, for medical attendance. At a subsequent period Dr. M'Grath came into court, and gave it decidedly as his opinion that the defendant was insane." in a private letter, dated the 7th instant (not intended for publication), to a friend in town, John Gillies, Esq., sheriff of Dunedin, makes the following remarks respecting the gold-fields of that settlement. Mr. Gillies' son was the author of the account of a trip to the new gold-fields which we quoted a few days ago from the Lyttelton Times :?-" All the accounts from those fields are encouraging. The quantity of gold that has come to Dunedin is upwards of 3,000 ounces, but it is well known tV t double that quantity is in the hands of the diggers on the field. Both andar at the diggings. Their party have sent in upwards of six pounds weight. Some parties are making from £12 to £20 per man per diem. AU are making good wages. There is a large extent of country apparently auriferous. There are now, it is said, about 1,500 men on the ground, chiefly Otago men, but diggers are beginning to flock from other ports. If the diggings progresses anything like the rate they have hitherto done, a complete revolution will be created in matters here." The Gazette of this evening will contain, we believe, the regulations drawn up by the President of the Board of Land and Works, authorising the occupation of large tracts of land for agricultural purposes at little more than a nominal rent. It is stated by the Ballarat journals, on semi- official authority, that the railway between Geo Iong and Ballarat will be opened throughout toward? tho close of the present year. Yesterday afternoon a man named Michael O'Loughlin was discovered lying in a fit in a stable at the back of the Ship Inn, Little Lonsdale-street. He was immediately taken to the hospital, but life was found to be extinct. An inquest was held at Fitzroy yesterday, by Dr. Youl, on the body of Rebecca Johnson, a little girl of five weeks old, who was accidentally suffocated while in bed with her parents on the previous night. The evidence resulted in a verdict to the above effect. Last night a concert was given, in the Mechanics' Institute, under the management of Mr. George L. Allan. The weather was unpropitious, and the attendance, therefore, was not name Your, but otherwise the concert was a success. The principal vocalists were Miss Griffiths, Miss Liddle, Master Cook, Mr. W. H. Williams, and Mr. S. Angus, Mr. H. King presided at the piano. We learn that nineteen linnets and nine lurks have just been added to the collection of English birds at the Botanical Garden?. The adjourned meeting of persons interested in the formation of a Fancy Poultry and Pigeon Club was held last evening at the Butchers'' Arms, Elizabeth-street; Mr. Rushall in the chair, and Mr. Pewtress acting as hon. secretary. The sub-committee appointed to draw up rules and regulations brought up their report, which recommended that the laws and rules of the Tasmanian Poultry Club, with some alterations, be adopted ; the name of the society to be called the " Victorian Poultry Society ; the subscription to be 20s. per annum, paid quarterly in advance. In consequence of of the unfavourable state of the weather, the attendance fell short of the number present on the first occasion, and it was therefore resolved that the final consideration of the rules for the future government of the society be postponed until Monday evening next, at seven o'clock, to which time the present meeting was adjourned. We are requested to call attention to a statement in another column of accounts at the final close of operations by the St. Mark's DistrictVisit ing Society which was established in 1951; and, after a gross expenditure of upwards of .£-1,000 in charitable relief, has been brought to stand still by the withdrawal of the aid formerly received from the Government. We gladly notice that, in closing the accounts, a handsome dona- tion has been given to that useful institution, the Collingwood Soup kitchen. The following, which we print nearly in the yttí'ssíma va ba in which it was handed to our reporter, may serve as a Melbourne parallel to the famous ghost story of Cockshot Last Saturday night, about midnight, two women (one of whom is the wife of a servant, in one of our public institutions were awakened from their slumbers by a very loud and unusual noise in the back yard. They at first supposed it to be caused by some person trying to effect an entrance, but as it continued without cessation, they summoned courage enough to get up and ascertain what it was. On looking out of the window they could see nothing, but on opening the door they saw the body, legs, and tail of an apparently headless animal, black and monstrous, moving rapidly about, and making a noise horrid enough to make the dead The apparition had a great long neck, and somewhat resembled neat, but the trembling woman could not make out the vestige of a head No sooner was the door opened, than it moved towards it, and so terrified the women that they slammed the door in its face, and sought refuge in bed The ap- parition, however, continued to make a most horrible noise, right under the window, apparently trying to open it. The women, therefore, got up again, end being quite unable to sleep, watched in a front room till daybreak. They then v ventured to lm of another look at the cause of their alarm, when, lo, and behold it proved to be an unfortunate cat, whose head, by some mis chance, had become engaged in an old lobster tin, and to those frantic child Is to relieve herself of FO uncomfortable a head dress had occasioned the peculiar noise they had heard in the yard They at once delivered pool Pass from her trouble, and sat down to enjoy a good laugh at their last night's terrors No meeting of the council of the Board of Agriculture was held yesterday, in consequence of there not being the required quorum of five members present, it was, therefore, and our ned until Wednesday, the 4th September next, when the election of Turn Committee, the annual report, farm -and vineyard judges' report, and other very important matters, will be brought forward for consideration. A deputation of members of the Board of Agriculture will wait upon the hon the Commissioner of Lands and Sur rey at noon today, on the subject of farmers' commons A meeting, composed chiefly of the parents and friends of the pupils attending the National School, was held in the Mechanics' Institute, Emerald Hill, last evening, James Service, Esq , HliA, in the chair. The main object of the meeting was to witness the distribution of prizes -fifty in number to the successful pupils at the examination of the school which took place on the proa loud Thursday The press having been awarded, the meeting was addressed by two of the patrons of the School, Mr Watson and Mr. Nimmo, as well as by the tia her, Mr Crook Mr Watson entered into some details in connection with the progress of the school, from which it appeared that, under Mr Crook and his as Bistnnts, the pupils were increasing in number and ranking lapse and satisfactory advances in the various branches taught in the school. The Acclimatisation Society are about to commence work in earnest At a large meeting of the council of the society, held yesterday, Colonel Anderson in the than, it was decided to call for tenders to fence in the portion of the Royal Park set apart for acclimatisation purposes. The Hatttliorn municipal election, which came off yesterday, resulted in the return of the three retiring candid tics Mr M Dougall, being at the head of the poll, has been elected for three years The numbers were as follows - M'Dougall, 256, Hill, 220, Bragge, 224, Ferguson, 109, Johnson, 42, Richardson, 33 soon after five o'clock the chairman of the council, Mr. M. O'Grady, M L A announced the result of the voting to a large number of ratepayers, which seemed to give general s ttisfaction The candidates having briefly addressed the electors, a vote of thanks to the chairman terminated the pi seedings. 