[r&OM; the ohost or da* bis.J I did not intend to my another wOrd npon -tbe subject of that wretched woman who boasts! she danced with the Governor— at least,- until his Exccllcncy and the Hon. tbe Colonial Treasurer has had time to act npon the information I favoured them with; and I fancy the utmost Impudence has been betrayed by your various -jo(T?spondents.in compelling me to ruvart to an incident, which like a dirty pool becomus the muddier tbe more it is stirred, and which, in proportion to {the length it is unravelled, villi*' the amount of shame drawn down upon tjfls unfortunate town. ' Mr. Gayndah ' is aridity; -and very decent young man, but in measuring pens with the writer most not be permitted to i advance statements which all here know tftiie incorrect. Tbe abandoned creature bad not been an lionr in tbe town before hu and nearly everybody else were tulh ing of her, yet I will do him the justice of ssying that be did not dance witb her. thefc be kept as far from her in the ball-room as the ' walls would permit him, And was one of (.hose Who visited a busliand's displeasure upon the iinlucky wight who did dance with her; but for bim or any one else there, except the Qoverno- and perhaps one or two otheis, to any they weW ignorant of her character, is saying tbat wliicb adds Very great crime to a vet}' gross piece of carelessness, and in no way relieves them of the insult offenttl to onr -vivtolS sod modeat ones. Ercn if tbcyhad Ufrt knoWtf U their dt^. to know, and so I press me they will be told before Jons;. ' Mr. Oayndah' will hatdly qualify himself for ths magistracy unleSi 4ie exhibits an unswerving determination to abide by truth— thai is, i* tbe «yes of the public. His patron, of course, sees other qualifications for tbe office, and does not see that then are older people in tbe world who have qualifications also. The individual wbo takes to himself the humble character of ' Tbe Spirit of the Ball'' is yet, I beg to Say, not the famous Bertorii. Poor Bertorii bss looked overworked of late, and it Is said bas been so haubted by tbe Ohost of Ban Ban that he may be seen wandering about ejacu lating all sorts of poetry and diving into. *11 sorts of dusty old books. I Should not wonder if yon are favoured with another' plagiarism some of these days. I did not suppose your 'own' amiable cor respondent could have been aware of tbe pres ence in Gayndah even of an ' unfortunate.' Bis retiring disposition, bis re-frrgsHistical modesty, bin manrHllniM'MWflrs of ndnffiw bis own and only bis own business, must shelter bim from any such supposition. I was, as yon know, ac cusing only Mackensie's jrien&t; / and surely I shall be acquitted of ever having attribnled'any thing so bad to, of insulting, tbe Postmaster* General so far as tossy that bis political exist enbe and pay necessitates such an ambnnt of hypocrisy as feigning a friendship would bo, for Gayndah's nncircomcised scavenges. Another mistake in connection with sell he -makes, and which J most correct. 1 did not state that your correspondent had not posted news toy OS. No one in Gayndah could bave thought so wbo saVr the secretary of every secretaire wben preparing tbe enormous budget of tut which was so form qately for your readers designedly withheld from yon. It will be remembered 1 Said yon were not to have any news by post of the Gover nor's visit in time for publication, aod that this scheme originated with Maekensie or his friends. I Judged from tbe state the 'conscience^stricken ones' were in, of what was np; and yonr an nouncement now, ' that tbe Mjsftsf^UthorltieB detained your own correspond**#* cvwwiicalfccm ten days, irrefrsgably proves (be trntb of what 1 said. Oayndab, 4th November. 