REMARKS ON THE LATE INTER- COLONIAL MATCH. (BY OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.) The Victorians (as our readers are aware) have now added another victory to their list of triumphs at cricket over our neighbours of New South Wales, and out of six matches have placed four to their credit. These four have been consecutive, and must prove, beyond a doubt, that in this sport at least our side carries away the palm. This may, perhaps, be attributable to many reasons, but we think that the fostering care bestowed by our Gov ernment on the game, in comparison with that of New South Wales, is the main reason of our superior pro ficiency. Here the utmost facilities are afforded by those in power for the encouragement of the game, grants of land are liberally made for the formation of proper grounds, and almost numberless are the clubs which, under such favourable circumstances, exist and flourish. The natural result of this is that a friendly spirit of rivalry and emulation is entertained amongst the various clubs, and the long series of matches (to which our columns testify) tend to give us an immense deal of practice, and largely to extend the number of 'best players,' from whom selection can be made on occasions like the present. In Sydney there are only two grounds and, consequently, the number of matches, and the opportunities for practice, are exceedingly limit ed. The Government, as a rule, endeavour to retard, rather than encourage, the game, and even now a committee of the House of Legislature has been ap pointed to ascertain whether the new fence, which was erected round the cricket ground in the Domain for the purpose of the present match, is not calculated to de stroy the Constitution and commit an irreparable injury to the sovereign people by excluding them from the cricket ground once in two years, unless they are in clined to pay a colonial Robert for the privilege of pass ing the barrier! They even objected to allow the grat- uitous use of the telegraph wires, in consequence of the Victorian Government not having made a direct ap plication to them. The secretary forwarded the reply he had received from our Government to a similar appli cation, and which stated that the request would be will ingly granted provided the New South Wales Govern ment offered no objection. However, circumlocution was in the way, and they did offer an objection, the re sult of which was, that the Melbourne public had to de pend upon private telegrams, instead of having them posted up at the telegraph office as has always been the case before. With such drawbacks as these, it is not to be expected that our neighbours can attain the same degree of competency as ourselves in this game, and we are not surprised that we have to record another proof of our superiority. That the Sydney people muster some fine players we freely admit; but it is evident that the want of practice together prevented the display of that soldier-like discipline and unity which characterised our team, more especially in the second innings. Several new features in the game presented themselves, foremost amongst which was the wicket-keeping of N. Thompson, which greatly surprised all our people: the easy manner in which he takes leg-balls was the theme of general admiration, and during the match three of our wickets were passed to his credit, and our own "prince of wicket-keepers" was amongst the first to compliment him on his rapidly-acquired proficiency. O. Lewis, who made such havoc with our bowling two years ago, evi dently did not understand Cosstick, who took his wicket in each innings. Newcombe made his first appearance in the intercolonial matches on this occasion, and by a most excellent display of batting succeeded in making the highest score on his side. We feel satisfied that the ability displayed by this gentleman on his debut will ensure for him a place on future occasions. Rowley was the only other new man, and, though a good deal was expected from him, he had the misfortune to be caught on both occasions without increasing his fame. Clark and Kettle played very steadily, the former being in for an hour and seven minutes in the first innings; he only scored four, however, and was soon dismissed the second time for one, Jacomb doing the honours for him on both occasions. Kettle appears to be a very safe bat, but too fond of playing forward. Gilbert's play, both at the wickets and in the field, is so well known that it is only necessary to say he got his fifteen in his usual clever manner, stealing a good many runs and doing his utmost to bother the field; and although his dodges whilst scouting cost his side a few runs, yet he succeeded in entrapping the unwary Mace just as he was beginning to look dangerous. Of the bowling, we may say that that of Ward and Richardson was good, without being A 1, if we except that time when Ward changed ends in the first innings, after which he was very effective. Kinloch's was the most difficult to play, and fewer runs were got off him than either of the others, which may be accounted for from the very little practice our men have had to such fast and straight under-hand bowling, which made them play it with great caution. Of our own batsmen, Bryant carried off the honours, by 22 and 10, although he had more than one life. He played, as he always does in these matches, steadily until he got his eye in, and than 'let them have it.' Makinson comes next with 2 and 23, keep ing up his wicket for a long time, and making the finest hit of the match, for which 5 were run. His fielding at point too was magnificent, and barring the miss of Bee ston, seldom equalled in the colonies ; the manner in which he covered his ground called forth repeated tokens of admiration. Marshall and Brodie made a tie, the former getting 12 and 1, and the latter 13 and 0. Mar shall never played better than in the first innings, in which he carried out his bat; every praise is due to Brodie for the long stand he made and the carefulness of his play. The others follow in order— Cosstick, Hud dleston, Mace, Elliott, Hammersley, Hopkinson, and Jacomb. Huddleston on both occasions was bowled off his leg, and Mace twice run out; the last time by his own want of judgment. Hopkinson, as is almost in variably the case with our long-stops, did not score, although he amply made up for it by only allowing one bye to pass him in each innings. Jacomb was also un fortunate enough to be dubbed a 'knight of the spec tacles,' but he counterbalanced that by assisting at the downfall of 3 wickets, including the last, at a time when the Sydney game was looking up. Of the fielding gene rally, during the last innings, we may confidently say it was almost perfect. The men were placed close in and they did their work nobly, as they always do when they know that that alone will save the game. The captain, Marshall, was thoroughly on his mettle, and three out of the last four wickets fell from his dexterity. The fact of seven men having been caught and two run out is the best evidence which can be offered as to the brilliancy of our fielding. With regard to the bowling, Elliott was not up to the mark, but Cosstick (who bowled through out the match) was never in better fettle, and proved himself to be a worthy successor of Wills in that respect. Bryant too was 'on the spot,' and although he did not get so many wickets as Sam, yet they could not get him away, and the number of runs obtained off him was very trifling. Altogether it is a treat to look at the analysis of the bowling. At the fall of the last wicket for 44 runs, our men were rushed by a crowd of enthusiastic admirers, and Marshall and some of the others borne in triumph to their tent. The gentlemen of the cabbage-tree, as usual, testified their appreciation of liberty of the subject by groaning at Marshall when he made an unsuccessful attempt to stump Newcombe, a mode of expressing their opinion which took the colour out of our wicket keeper's coun tenance for a time, but a very clever catch, immediately afterwards, restored the tranquillity of his mind, and any ghost of a chance he afterwards got was death to a bats man. Even Mr. Tunks, their own umpire, did not escape the attentions of these gentry, who actually mobbed him for giving Richardson out, and many 'Darlinghurst civilities' were bestowed upon our men as they promenaded the ground in twos and threes. We are happy to state, however, that this blackguardism was confined to the refuse of the Sydney population, all the other classes of society having literally inundated our people with attentions and kindness. A continued flow of hospitality set in when the men arrived at the wharf, and continued until they re-embarked. The dinner to the two elevens, which was a very pleasant affair, was the usual formal compliment con nected with these gatherings. Every subsequent en tertainment was the spontaneous offering of private hospitality, commencing on Sunday, when vehicles were in attendance to convey us to the South Head. This drive is one of the most beautiful which can be conceived; the various bays which are passed, with the high lands studded with the mansions of the wealthy, surrounded by gardens radiant with colour, the lofty Norfolk Island pines and the sturdy English oaks, com bined to form a picture which would gladden the eye of an artist. Arrived at the Heads, we proceeded to Wat son's Bay, where Mr. Billing, of wild-beastial notoriety, has an hotel and tea garden. The appearance of this place was quite a novelty to us Victorians, whose principal al fresco Sunday's entertainment is bearing a tub thumper in the Eastern Market. We found a band of music playing, a crowd of gay and laughing visitors, a menagerie, and in short everything that would have struck terror into the heart of Dr. Mil ton. Turning from this scene after our due share of en joyment, we ascended the cliff to the Gap, where, from a height of nearly 300 feet, we looked down upon the rocks which battered to pieces the ill-fated Dunbar, a few hundred yards from which the Catherine Adamson met with a similar grave, and some rude carving on one of the rocks denotes the spot where, three years ago, Mr. Broughton fell over into the sea. The grandeur of these precipices is of a nature to cause the most intrepid man to shudder. Another drive the same day to Rand wick gave us an idea that the racecourse will not bear comparison with ours, but the snakes will, for one about seven feet long coolly crossed the road in front of our horse, but before we had time to alight he disappeared in the scrub. On Monday the courtesy of Captain Ward enabled us to inspect the Mint, and a most interesting hour was spent there; the process which was most ad mired was that of weighing the sovereign and separat ing the heavy, medium, and light one, which is all done by one exquisite little specimen of mechanical in genuity worked, by steam. On Monday evening the Eleven was entertained at dinner by Mr. Flood, who has on previous occasions shown the same politeness. Tuesday morning saw the whole party at breakfast with Mr. T. S. Mort, whose magnificent house and grounds afforded one of the greatest treats enjoyed by our party during their stay. Every assistance which art could render to make nature more beautiful has been called into requisition, and the emerald lawns, shady terraces and bowers, combined with the lovely effect produced by the presence of almost every tree and flower known to the botanist, and distributed with the greatest taste, show what a triumph may be achieved. The house it self is furnished and decorated entirely in the medieval style. Entering by a porch the hall reminds you of some of those described by Sir Walter Scott. Suits of armour, shields, swords, spears, and all weapons formerly em ployed in war or the chase, are arranged at intervals with great effect. There is a long picture gallery decorated with the best productions of the London Society of Painters in Water Colours, the in spection and admiration of which occupied us until breakfast was announced. The fittings of the breakfast room were of oak, and everything, from the old fashioned fireplace to the saltcellars, was in keeping with the arrangements of the other portions of the house. The dining and drawing rooms were each perfect; the solid oak furniture, the high-backed chairs, the splen didly decorated ceilings, and the general coup d'oeil, evinced the refined taste of the owner, and carried the spectator back to the olden times. Our stay here was somewhat limited in consequence of many of our number having determined to return to Melbourne by the after noon's steamer. On our return to our hotel, we found Mr. Cunningham prepared to present to the victorious Eleven a handsome cup (now on view at Marshall's) which he duly handed over to the captain, with many good wishes. After damping tho cup, and one or two complimentary speeches, bats were presented on behalf of the Albert Cricket Club to Bryant and Ncwcombe, for making the highest score on either side, and one to Kettle for having defended his wicket the longest time. A handsome meerschaum pipe was also presented to the two former by Mr. Tenfold. A subscription had been initiated by Messrs Horne and Brackenbury (whose unremitting kindness and attention during our stay will ever be warmly remembered) for the purpose of provid ing bats for the whole Eleven, umpire, scorer, and the two emergency men (Ryder and Butterworth), each of whom was presented with a handsome bat with a silver plate and appropriate inscription. Mr. Horne also pre sented Makinson with a valuable gold ring as an ac knowledgment of his exertions throughout the match. This agreeable business having been disposed of, the returning travellers were accompanied on board the City of Sydney and dismissed with a hearty cheer. Those who intended to avail themselves of perhaps their only opportunity of seeing Sydney and its environs were feasted in the evening at the Victoria Club by a party of gentlemen, members of that institution. A similar com pliment had been previously paid by a few members of the Union Club. On Wednesday our small party proceeded to Parra matta by boat and had our first sight of Cockatoo Island, about which so much has been recently said. The trip up the river is an exceedingly pleasant one, although it scarcely comes up to Mr. Frank Fowler's description of it in a certain book published by him. Arrived at Parramatta, we strolled about for a bit and came to the conclusion that it was almost as dull as Geelong or Williamstown ; we then had a drive along a very pretty road to Mr M'Dougal's place, about six miles further on. Here we received another warm welcome, and passed a delightful afternoon in wandering amongst the orchards, vineyards, and orange groves, with which his house is surrounded, and eating as much fruit as would give a whole parish the cholera. We returned to Sydney by train and did not form a very flattering opinion as to the manner in which the railway was conducted, doors being left open and other similar little arrange ments, which, notwithstanding their novelty, do not impress a stranger with any great idea of safety. Thursday was passed by another drive to South Head and a little boating, the Australian Boat Club having placed their fleet at our disposal during our stay. Friday morning brought us, per Rangatira, a heap of Melbourne papers, the contents of which were greedily devoured. A drive in the afternoon to the delightful shores of Botany Bay terminated our career of enjoy ment, which, since our arrival, has (as you see) been uninterrupted. The friendliness and hospitality of the Sydney public will long be one of the most pleasing and delightful reminiscences to all who had the good fortune to enjoy it on the occasion of the Intercolonial Cricket Match of 1861. 