THE ST. PETER'S PENCE ASSOCIATION IN ENGLAND. A public meeting of the Parishioners of. the Church of the Assumption, Warwick street, was ! held on Moml&y;, the 26th November, at the School room, Dufour's- place, the Very Rev. Dr. Hearn, V.G., in the chair, who delivered a most el.i-qurnt and touching address. After speaking for some time, he concluded by saying, that the ' St. Peter's Pence Association' was the best solution of the present. difficulties presented by the disturbances in Italy; and that he was sure an Almighty4 Provi- dence would not long leave Pius IX. in his present straits. ' i Dr. Hearn then called upon the Secretary. Mr. Charles J. Brett, who~on rising was received with cheers, said — We are assembled here to night for the. purpose of co-operating with our beloved Pastor, the Very Rev. Dr. Hearn, in establishing in this district a Branch of the ' St. Peter's Pence Association.' v. You li'ive, no doubt, all of yon, heard of our recent meeting in St. Patrick's parish, arid of the great success which attended our efforts upon that occasion. I had the peasure of laying before that meeting the letters of soi^e half-dozen Bishops, members of our glorious Hierarchy, in which they expressed their warmest sympathy with our work, and a readiness to co-operate with us to the utmost of their power. (Great cheering.) But now we have all tin's, and something more. We have the express desire of the Holy Father himself, and the unmistakable injunction of our illustrious Archbishop.. JHe then read a letter from Mr. Bowyer, M P., which stated : — '? I regret that, as I am Chairman at the dinner for the Aged Poor Society, I cannot attend your meeting, which I most sincerely hope will be successful.' And also a letter from Monsignore Nardi, a dis tinguished merrber of the Committee of the '' St. Ptter's Pence Association', established in Rome, and to which Association we have been recently aggre gated. (Mr. Brett then read a long letter in which Monsignore Nardi. informed the Society in England that the Pope had granted recent and special Indul gences lo their work, and raised it to the rank of an Arch- Confraternity. He likewise stated that the Society in Rome was on the increase, and that the receipts there in September had been 3,481 scudi, in ocl°ber 4,301 scudi. and that there promised to be at least as much in November.) The Vicar-General tlisn called upon Dr. Cruik shank, who, in the course of a very able speech, said that he had had the blessing of residing ten years in Rome, and knew something of the fteling of the people there, he -could assure them that Pius IX. was most popular; and upon one occasion, when he had gone for the day to Civil a Vecchia, a report was spread that he had left altogether. When the peo ple heard that this was not so, but that he was returning, they assembled in great crowds at the station to awa.t his arrival, and gave him a most enthusiastic ieceptio.i (loud cheers). Mr. George Wigley then addressed the meeting. He disproved the calumnies of the English Protes tant press by facts drawn from his own experience. He said that ' he was glail, for his own part, of the present difficulties, as they would unite into one compact ana Holy Brotherhood the whole Catholic Family throughout the world.' Mr. William Brett, jun., then rose and said— We are assembled here to- night to protest against a gigantic crime, and to sympathise with a holy and august victim. Tha crime has been committed by that Modern Bahlmzzar, Victor Emmanuel; the victim of his iniquity is no le^s than bur Holy Father Pius IX. We are met here by a Spiritual instinct, as old as the Church itself; one which teaches jus to be ever ready, to enounter Heresy in defence of the Church of Christ. From the time when Herod thrust tbe firt-t Pope into prison, there has never been a more scandalous and unprovoked attack against the rights of the Vicar of Christ. (Loud cheers.) But the enemies of the Church are astonished at our uneasiness; they tell us that we need not de solici tous for the Pope's temporal power, as that can have nothing to do with his spiritual authority. Do we not know, on the contrary, that those who assail his temporal rights are the very bitterest foes'of his spiritual supremacy ? (' Of course,' and cheers). It is something like the argument of the footpad, who wishes to relieve the traveller of his purse and cloak in order that he may travel more easily. (Laughter and loud cheers.) But we need not waste time in argument. If you desire opinions of weight, I can. point to the voices of eight hundred Bishops, scattered throughout the world, and to the indignant protest of 200,000,000 ot Catholics. (Cheers). I will point to the blood of faithful Ire land, still red upon the hills of Perugia, the plains of Castelfidardb, and the ramparts of Ancona. (Great cheering). There never was a time when the words of our Divine Lord,' He that is not with Me is against Me,' were iridre applicable than now. ' In Bologna, tty.e. house formerly occupied by Sixtcs V. is appropriated to the purpose of a Protestant Con gregation. , (Cries of 'Shame!') An infamous apostat'e'of ths name of MaEzarfllo has been' ap-' pointed Professor of Moral Theology.*'', This , Moral; Professor was for some time .notori,qus..in £ondqny.- and a great lion at Exete^i JFaliL ?(Lawghier; *nd cheers.) Mr. Bjett then said that he. did npUilame. Cavour/wlio was trie-hereditary enemy of Rome. He did nofthiiik.it worth while to denounce , a- Palmer ston or a Russell; The first was 'famous for his life long tfforts to uproot every Catholic dyriasty.inE.u-: rope; the seebnd was the descendant of the^Qliurcn, robbers of the 10ih and the traitors of -the- 17th. centuries. But be did blame these Catholics who kept such men in power. (Cheers). Aftijr ailong and telling speech, which was repeatedly inter: rupted by cheering, Mr. W Brett resumed his seat amidst general applause. Arrangements were then made for holding sub, sequent meetings for the despatch of business; and the meeting broke up amidst loud cheering for the Vicar. General. Dr. Cruikshank, and the other speakers. ? ' Reduction of Wages.— A general reduc tion in the rate of wages hitherto paid, we are in formed, is ahout to be made by nearly all the com panies. This, though not a pleasing' circumstance to have to report, seems an inevitable necessity, remembering mat shareholders are complaining of extravagant expenditure, and are getting clamorous for dividends. — Tarrangower Times. Hollovvway's Ointment and Pills remark able for their efficacy in curing skin diseases. — Scurvy, ringworm, and other cutaneous discr.iers are engendered by the impurity of the blood, and the only sure means to eradicate such complaints is to undergo a course of Holloway's Pills, and at the same time to apply externally his invaluable Ointment. Cures by these extracHinnry medicines btb daily attested, ) raving their astonishing efficacy in purifying the blood strengthening, the constitu tion,' and re-establishing the beat of health. They are generally beneficial in curing wounds, sores, and glandular swellings. They are therefore strongly rflp.om mended to oersdns so afflicted. In the mountain districts of the country, 5lh of November fires were a pretty sight, kindling and flaming on tbe crests or spurs of the hills, showing the outlines of the woorls, and still glowing red when all the black figures in the front of them were gone home to bed ; but there is no town probably in England, and no parish in any county,' which does not rejoice that the vindictive service is» dropped out of the Church ritual, and the insulting, triumph over fellow Christians hushed in the better temper which Time brings round. — Once a-Wee7c. Thomas Moore.— He was a well dressed, bright sparkling looking little man. It is a disenchanting phrase to apply to a sentimental poet ; but I must say, in hi3 general appearance, there was something that very nearly approximated to what is now denominated as ' jolly.' He had dark, and most vivacious eye3, hair of the same colour, and in sufficient abundance, glossy, and nicely arranged ; a broad, commanding forehead ; a complexion fresh, clear, and ruddy ; small, but well defined features ; a mouth that seemed made alone for mirth and brimming smiles ; an extraordinary play and expression of countenance, whose changelul variety yet ever betrayed the genius within ; a quick, brisk, active gait ; a merry, joyous laugh ; and tbe generally ditm9ed impress ot a liappy, healthy easy man — one contented quite with the lot he had drawn in life, and in pertect amity and peace with those about him. Such was the aspect Moore presented when I first saw him. — Traits of Character. Thomas Campbell. — Though fully conscious of the talents he possessed, whbh had so justly advanced him to such a prominent and popular rank in literature, Compbeil had not an atom of boastfulness about him. He would talk to you of his poems if questioned, but seldom himself intro duced the Bubject. He often laughingly said he could never understand how the ' Pleasures of Hope,' written when he was very young, had ob tained so extensive a fame. Himself ranked much higher — and my own judgment is certainly quite coincident with his — his minor poems ; of those, the ' Exile of Erin' was an especial favourite. Much fonder than of dicussing his own or other persons' poetry was he ot expatiating on the charms and attractions of his own beautiful and attractive country. He had a vein of superstition interwoven in his nature. Though I do not oretend to affirm he virtually belived in the existence of ' wraiths,' ' brownies,' and all the other denizens of the supernatural kingdom, still, he had some wonder ful, and, of course, well-attested legends to narrate, in which these airy visitants played a remarkable and conspicuous purl; ; and he told the tales with such undoubting gravity— clothing them in lan guage eo apposite to, and in entire harmony with the subject, that my youthful ears drank them in eagerly au-J reverently, and nothing was there to me a source of greater pleasure than an affirmative being given to my request of ' Pray Mr. Campbell tell us a ghost story.' — Traits of Character . Mr. Curran was engaged in a legal argument; behind him stood his colleague, a gentleman whose person was remarkably tall and slender, and who had originally intended to take orders. The judge, observing that the case under discussion involved a question of ecclesiastical law, Curran instantly said, ' I can refer your lordship to a 7iigh author ity behind me, who was once intended for the church, though in my opinion he was fitter lor the steeple.' — Salad for the Social. 