A HARVEST HYMN. Ouk Tofoc. with oor hnrt. we flfr To Tbrc, o God. In frratefcl pral.e ; F or ever, pood and perfoctciri, A eoop of graliiade we rauc. Thine ie the eeed in eptinp we uw, And Thine the herveat that wc aeo ; hun.tiine and rain thou doat be. low. And atTLngth to Lahonr cornea from Thee. Thine ia the fragrance of the flowere. And beant, thai delights the ere ; And Thine the ifoe* of euiumr.'e bowere. Which in transfigured glory die I The bleerlnps of. our home ao dear, , Our aohuolfc nod cburcbee, Lerd ere Thine ; Thon wafobeet o'er tbem, year by year. And pnrgut mill Thy fruitful vine. God, with nil Thy gifts atlll give Tbe grateful and the trnettog heart ; 6o shell onraonla have learned to Live, When nulled from earthly scenes to part. — Hark Lane Expntt. The Oi and The Hobse.— The German, have many beautiful fables : among them is this, from ? which large boys maT learn how to do with, little brothei 6, and with schoolmates younger and weaker than themselves. A large ox, walking along the road' with a heavy tread, met a gay horse with a boy on liis back. The child was guiding him with the bridle, while he stepped very softly, .as if afraid of burtinghiB little rider. The ox stopped in front of them, and cried out in his most unmusical tones, ' Oh, shame on you ! a great strong, spirited horse, as people call you, letting a tiny fellow like that rule over you ; you have not the spirit of a sheep, and are a great disgrace to the 'noble family you sprang from. If the little tyrant should try to mount my back, I'd soon throw him off ► I'd toss him into the air with my horns, and trample him under my feet when he came down.' And he caBt a look of terrible scorn on the noble horse. Fleetfoot, ae the horse was called, did not hang dotvn his head and paw the dust, as if he waa ashamed to be caught in business beneath his station. Not he. He raised up his forefeet, threw ont his broad chest, and bending his neck like a war-horse, asked, 'But suppose, sir, I should follow your advice, what glorv should I get to myself, a great strong steed, by killing a poor weak child, whom my kind master trusted to my care ? I should add the mean ness of treachery to the guilt of cruelty. No, sir! I am not ashamed to spend my strength for the pleasure of the weak.' And he walked on as softly aa if the proud ox had not tauntedhim. When we see a great boy snatching a ball, ot pulling b kite from a little on', or refusing to play with those younger than he, saving, ' lio you think I, a great stout fellow, will let a baby get the upper hand of me; or stoop to play with little boys r' we think of the mean ox and the brave horse. Remember, boys— at home in the nursery, out ou the playground, wherever you are— that it isthe glory of the strong to be kind and gentle toward the weak. If you should have a contest with one too small to take his own part against you, and you came off the victor, what credit do you get yourself i None. The Anger ot s com is pointed at you, and every one despises you ss a mean oppressor. We know of no nobler sight than a large boy yielding to, amusing, and petting the little ones, at home or at school. He will be the brave fellow when the conflict of life comes on, never giving up the right himself, and assisting all weaker ones to stand firmly their ground against such as seek to impose cn them. 'Don't Care.'— There was a little boy who always had a naughty phrase iu his mouth. I will give you a few specimens of the way he used it. ' Oh, Charlie, you broke a pane of grass when vou threw that snowball r 'I don't care,' said Charlie ; ' there is plenty more glass where that came from.' ' You must not eat any mere cake, my dear,' said Charlie's mother. ' But I want more, mother, ' said Charlie. 'But it will make you poorly.' 'I don't care if it does,' is Charlie's reply. ' Please show me where my lesson is,' he said to his sister ; ' I can't find it.' * 'No I won't. I don't care if you can't find it.' she said to Charlie one day. ' Here, get up out of my seat. I had it first.' ' I don't care if you had, I shan't get up,' said Charlie to his siste r at another time. ' Little brother cried this morning because I ran away from him ; but I don't care,' said Charlie to his schoolmates one morning. ' Mother said it was wicked in me to frighten little sister so, but I don't care, 'said Charlie, after pretend ing to be a ghost. ' My cousin beat me running down hill, but I don't care.' 'Father wouldn't take me riding with him yesterday, because I stayed out too long at my play ; but f don't care ; there's more ways than one to get a ride.' 'My sister always knows her lesson better than I do ; but I don't care.' ' I missed my lesson thiB morning, and got down to the foot of the class for talking ; but I don't care.' ' I forgot to say my prayers this morning ; but I don't care.' ' Don't care, Charlie?' said I to him one day. ' Don't care , did you say ? You surely did not stop to think ot the importance of these three little words. 'When you go to your father, aud tell him you are hungry, does he say, ' I don't care.' When you goto your mother, and tell her you are sick, does she say, 'I don't care?' If she aid, you would open your eyes in astonishment to find her turning you off in tliat manner ; but if it would sound strangely for your parents to talk so, it certainly does for a chi'id, and especially not to care when you forgot to say your prayere.' I hope none of my little readers will have occasion to point to any of Charlie's sayings, and say, ' That belongs to me.' I won't even suppose that one of our little Sunday-school scholars would say, ' I don't care.' It must be those little children who, like Charlie, don't go to Sabbath school, who make nse of such words ; but you may, dear reader, be tempted to ; and if you are at any time, just keep your lips shut, and pray in your heart until the temptation has passed away. Have we so often seen ourselves die in our friends, and shall we shrink at our own change ? Hath our Maker sent for us, and are we loth to go ? It was for us our Saviour triumphed over death. Is therg any fear of a foiled adversary ? There is this difference between those two tem poral blessings — health and money. Money is tlje most envied, but tbe least enjoyed ; health is the most enjoyed, but the least envied. And this superiority of the latter is still mare obvious when we reflect that the poorest men would not part with health for money, but that the richest would gladly part with all their money for health. The triumph of art is to make your goodnature sub due your censure, to be quick iu seeing faults, and slow in exposing them. Every man ought to aim at eminence, not by pulling others down, but by raising himself ; and enjoy the pleasure of his own superiority, whether'imaguury or real, without interrupting others in the same felicity. Life is made of little things, and that character is the best which does little but repeated acts of munifi cence-; just as that conversation is the best wliiclt con sists in elegant and pleasing thoughts expressed in natural and pleasing terms. The absence of legitimate employment has probablv made more gamblers than avarice, more drunkards than thirst, and es many suicides ss despair. It is not the grandeur or diminutiveness of the objects, but tbe greatness or littleness of the views entertained of them, which affect and form the character. All removes in this world are from one wilderness to another. The mind has more room in it than most people think, if you would but furnish the apartments. Surely that preaching which comes from the soul, most works on the soul. Household Tkeasi res.— A treasure of a husband— carries the baby. A treasure of a wife — never asks for money. A treasure of a sou— bas mcney in the funds. A treasure of a daughter— looks the same age as her mother, if anything, a trifle older. A treasure of a servant — runs to the post in less than half an hour, A treasure of a cook— is not hysterical whenever there is company to dinner. A treasure of a baby— doesn't disturbed its dear papa in the middle of thenight,. 