1 V THE CHURCH. '?.'}. — 0 — ..VISIT OP ARCHBISHOP POLDING. : (Qoulburn Chronicle, June 2§fh.) Archbishop Polding set out on his return for ' Sydney on Monday last. The arrangements for ' Catholic ministrations in the Southern District'. ' having been definitively fixed, we need do no more than state them. Fathers Hanley and' O Neill have been appointed to the Yass Mission, Father D'Arcy to Queanbeyan, and Fathers' McAIroy and Lanigan to Goulburn. His Grace attended Mass at the Church of SS. Peter and Paul on Sunday, and the main object of hist . recent visit to the District is best explained by the following Pastoral Letter, which he read fronv the altar at the conclusion of Divine oerviuo, »uu wuiun ne entorced by introductory remarks^ extending over a considerable time,, and delivered with an energy which, at the , venerable Prelate's advanced age, was no less surprising than satisfactory. He entreated the . prayers ' of his flock in tuese districts in hi3 . behalf on that day, that the Almighty would jjcontique so.to guide him as to enable him to be ' useful in the discharge of tbe trust committed, to him, and that he may avoid the many short comings to which frail man is ever liable, so... that when the time came in which he should be called on to render to the Lord an account of:1 his stewardship, he might not be cast out as an/ unprofitable servant. He next called attention to the necessity of compliance with the duties which the church enjoins at Easter, and reminded those assembled that the time had this year been extended t - the- 29th June ; so that those wha had not yet implied had still an opportunity .'!' left them durih^ 'lie present week. He appealed * to his reverend brethren around him, whether ; their experience did not bear out the statement : he then made, that in five-sixths of the cases of. sudden, violent, and unprovided, deaths amongst Catholics, the unhappy victims were parties who., were not living up to the rules of their holy., religion, and thus when death came upon them, they went before their God without the com forting attendance of the priest, and the conso? .'' lation of the rites of their faith. The Pastoral letter of John Bede, by Divine. Grace, and favour of the Holj Apostolic See, Archbishop of Sydney, Metropolitan of Aus tralia, &c;, &c;, to the faithful of Goulburn, ' and the Southern Districts generally, con cerning the erection of a Convent fob 'the. Sisters op Mercy. Dearly Beloved,— The' Very Rev. Dean Walsh, your highly esteemed priest, engaged that a Convent should be built for the Sisters of Mercy, whose advent amongst you had been so I smi n* «3 #*£? !mt#t ri T Ja..!,! .. .1. il_ .1 ?P 'i 1 I t -1 iuug uuaiitju. x uuuus not mat n ic naa pleased Almighty God to continue to him the blessing of health, his promise ere this would have been' . far advanced towards its completion.. This, as, you are aware, has not been the case ; the labors and anxieties of the ministry have broken down his strength, 'and he-has for a. time left this scene of his missionary toil, to return, as we all hoper. soon to the country and the duties. that clnira- the devotion of .his life.' May God's holy .will' be done in all things. Meanwhile, do. yon, Dearly Beloved, take up your parts nobly, as it ' becomes men of the right; Catholic faith, and the friends and spiritual children of the good man and zealous priest in whose.heart you have so long divelt.' The promise was, of course* made in .your name, as it was for the interests, ' undoubtedly the highest interests of yourselves. '??' and your children. The Dean made it promptly and boldly in your name : he plodged himself ' that you should undertake and' complete a, generous work in a generous mariner. Pie know you from experience of your faith arid good' ' works, and I, too, from his report, and from my own knowledge, ? knew you to be of a generous stock, and I assented joyfully to the proposed mvitation that these Sisters should come and dwell amongst j'ou, and I added to Dean Walsh's assurance, my own conviction that they would be well and worthily received. Now I am con-e amongst you chiefly to claim the fulfilment of ' the promises made by you and for you ; to wit ness the beginning of the harvest of your good' intentions in the progress made towards the good work. In anticipation and desire of the ' . blessing which is now in your midst, you felt' and promised rightly and generously, and now ','' is. tno time tor embodying your intentions in- ' perfect act. ' Recall what was in your hearts when you first contemplated and longed for the coming of these dear- Sisters of noble life and faith; and make now your deed the adequate representative of your then feelings and judg ment; Let their convent rise; let it rise as ? .-' speedily as may be consistent with solid: lasting work -;_ so that all men may see how the. ? Catholics of Goulburn, of tliis teeming Southern/ district, have the. manhood of perseverance to carry out well and!, thoroughly what they had generally desired aild promised. _ Not only motives of Christian faith, but ail kindly feelings of the human nature, call on you to make provision for these ladies. They have come from your old home — from the country of your early love— to this land of your adoption ; they have left their hearths and homes amongst those you yourselves have known and cherished; thoy have left friends, and relatives, and worldly resources and are here to spend, not their means only, but their labour their life, their hearts and hopes, among you. And you, I am sure, you will welcome them. Yes, you will welcome them far otherwise than with words alone; you will welcome them with; silent, steady, lasting, generous deeds. Not every day does a work for Christian men such as this present itself. , Once for ? all, you must do it. You must show to your children and your children's children what you think of the life and. vocation of;;religious women who follow: Christ whithersoever He goes; and you must- : show them, how you designed to realize some thing of your, thought by. this Convent which ' you are preparing for their abode. And you . have already experienced some of the blessing* of the presence of Sisters of. 1 ? r^gg^mssmssssSSSSSSSSBSSSSSSSSS. = Mercy. In this respect the delay that has ' taken place in the. contemplation of the Convent may not bo Vithodt its advantages. You have proved, or rather they have proved amongst you, that the enterprise of Catholic faith arid' devotion has not the uncertainty and disappointment of worldly speculations. So many days of lives of purity, and toil, and humility, devoted to the duties of charity belonging to their state, are so many substan tial advantages to the community that welcomes and cherishes them. You are rendering hospi tality to those who are called to the life and work of angels upon earth. Bethink you well ' how that such guests are a treasure and a defence. They train your children ; they lead the sick, and the friendless, and the perplexed, ' snd the weak, heavenward by their sweet and ' holy counsels. . They visit your prisons and your hospitals, and show how all forms \- of suffering and wretchedness may be alle viated and tranformed into blessings by the peace of God. You will receive then these Sisters permanently to abide with you ; and you 'will build them a worthy home for their own sake, for their work's sake, for their Heavenly Master's sake. He will not allow a cup of cold water to be given to His disciples, in the name of His disciples, without its rich -reward. A hundred-fold then and more, both in this world and the world to come, will He repay into your bosoms whatever you may do to recognise! and welcome, and honour, and console .'?' 'these His choice servants. They are truly not only His disciples, as all good Christians are, but they are His choice friends and followers ; they are as the holy women that hung upon his lips; arid pursued his weary steps with their sympathy and loving service in sacred Palestine. They are living His life, working his works, and the dullest faith may realize in such repre sentatives the brightness and beauty of His presence. I need say no more; you will think. I am sure, of what I have barely suggested, and per haps transcend my hopes of you and for you. Only I will add one hint by way of ensuring steady perseverance. It is this — determine now, while your heart is warm, with what you know to be a good and holy impulse, what you; will contribute, ?what you will sacrifice, if ? sacrifice it must be called, to this good work of ?building the Convent for the sisters, your friends, your guests, your servants in the love and cause of Christ. And deterwine what you will do not only now, but to-morrow and to morrow, and the day after, and month by month, until the work be complete, and crowned with all the abundance and richness of your zeal. Let each think and act as if all depended on himself. Do not wait to be solicited, but \- come and bring your gifts until there shall be rno more need, and the sisters say, 'truly we 'have come to dwell amongst a people who know ?and love their God.' May the Holy Spirit of 'God dwell with you, and prosper the works of your hands ; and may the blessing of the Most Hply Trinity, Father, Son, aud Holy Ghost be with you for ever. We appoint the Eev. M. M'Alroy, in whose experience we have full confidence to ^ superin- tend the completing of the Convent, to collect personally or by other other contributions in the ? Southern Districts for this most praiseworthy .purpose. JOHN BEDE, Archbishop of Sydney. ?Goulburn, June 22, 1861. Visit of His Grace Archbishop Polding. \- — Archbishop Polding arrived in Goulburn on Friday afternoon from Sydney. Several of the ' leading Catholics in the place went out some dis tance on the road and escorted his Grace into town. The Aicbbishop proceeded on his arrival to the Church of SS. Peter and Paul, and there the peti tion of the congregation ;n regard to the removal of the Rev. Father D'Arcy was presented by the Mayor. His Grace, while expressing his gratifica tion at the affectionate feeling which seemed to exist between priest and people, intimated that the jirrflnnrpmpntfl nf wliip.h frhp trstncfarronna t\f 17a4Koi. D'Arcy to Queanbeyan formed part, having been -'already completed, could not now be set aside; but stated that, in the event of circumstances ?occurring where the desire of the people in this vmatter could be consulted, it would not be lost sight -of. His Grace is accompanied by the Rev. Father Roche, from Campbelltown, and will return to Sydney again on Monday.— Goulburn Chronicle. June 23. The Rev. Mr. Hanley and the Rev. Mr. O'Neil, R.C.C., arrived in Yass on the 20th June, and on the following morning the Rev. Mr. M'Alroy left town for Goulburn. Mr. Hanley and Mr. O'Niel have been appointed by Archbishop Polding to the ecclesiastical district of Yass, vice the Rev. Mr. Bermingham, who 'has proceeded to Europe, and the Rev. Mr. M'Alroy, appointed to Goulburn in . the place of the Rev. Mr. D'Arcy, who has proceeded to (Jueanbeyan. — Yass Courier. 