PAPERS BY THE ELECTRIC CLUB. J IV.-DllEAMS- SoMNAMIUlLISM-IUSANITy. Dreaming, somnambulism, and insanity have this in common, that they are states of the mind in which us operations are no longer controlled by the will in the case of dreams, the mind is as active during sleep as it is when we are waking, but we take no cognisance of its operations, unless something suddenly rouses our attention, thereby necessitating an effort z of volition. In somnambulism the will is more completely power- less ; the unguided and wild dreams of the mind rouse the body to action without rousing at the same time the volition, and thus the somnambulist acts his dreams while the ordinary dreamer at most talks in his slumbers. In insanity the will is totally and often permanently powerless ; one single idea sometimes occupied the mind, and the will is too weak to dislodge it or the mind is ever hurrying on from one idea to another, and the capability of fixing the attention is almost entirely destroyed. It is an error to suppose that during sleep, however sound, the mind is inactive. On the contrary, repeated experiments have proved that it is as active as during the state of At wakefulness. If we were suddenly roused from our deepest slumbers and asked what we were thinking about, we could tell what occupied the mind at that instant of time, though, without this question, we should not have taken cognisance of our dream. We are often virtually asleep when we have the appearance of being awake, and then the mind is wonderfully active. Who has not been lulled into a dreaming State by the strains of gentle music, and when roused to wakefulness by the termination of the performance, has been conscious of having heard only the first bars of the melody and revelled through the rest in a rapid succession of pleasurable ideas, unguided by the will and but faintly impressed on the memory The mind then passes suddenly by will or by accident into a train of inward thought, whatever the subject, and all the external objects crowded around us utterly disappear, though the physical agents producing, and the organs receiving, sensations remain precisely as before. Every sense sleeps while the mind is thus awake and act ive within itself. A man so occupied may be alone in a multitude. The terms absence of mind, abstraction, and reverie, indicate mental conditions of this kind. During sleep ordinary impressions pass unnoticed ; but impressions of a stronger hand rouse the attention, and in so doing put an end to sleep ; while those of an intermediate kind affect us in another way, by giving a peculiar character to our dreams. The sounds of music passing under our windows, the peals of distant thunder, the howling of the wind or the pattering of the rain-drops against our window-panes all impart a peculiar character to the succession of ideas which hurry through the mind, and if any sudden interrup- tion rouse our attention and we are able to trace back the faint impressions left by the dream we can generally connect many of its incidents with the sensations received from external causes. Facts of this kind have led to the erroneous opinion that we never dream except while in the state of transition from being asleep to being awake. " We have a proof of the contrary," says Sir Benjamin Brodie, " in the fact that nothing is more common than for persons to moan and even talk in their sleep without awaking from it." It is more probable that we never sleep without some degree of dreaming. That when we awake, we have not generally a distinct recollection of our dreams proves nothing. In the case of persons At ho talk in their sleep, we often find that they have not the smallest recollection afterwards of their having dreamed. It is only those dreams which affect us strongly, and which occur immediately before we awake from' sleep, that we really remember. If a dream be remembered longer, it is only because we have thought of it after it occurred, and have thus given it a place in our memory which it would not have obtained otherwise. No lasting knowledge is acquired without some exertion of the will on our part ; as dreams are the spontaneous operations of the mind, they leave but evanescent impressions. Some, however, in certain states of the brain, still linger behind after sleep, and co-exist for a while with actual wake fulness. Only a few days ago on awaking I perceived what seemed to be a human figure in a white garment standing at the foot of my bed. It was as distinct as the furniture in the room ; looking, however, steadfastly at it, I observed, that, although the female form was as plain as possible, the door behind it was plainly to be seen also, and presently the figure disappeared. When reflecting upon this I recollected having had a dream in which this figure played a conspicuous part and thus the whole was satisfactorily explained ; the dream had merely continued after I was awake, so that " the perception of the imaginary object had existed simultaneously with that of the real one." It is probable that this is the history of many startling and mysterious tales of ghosts and spirits. In somnambulism the will is more powerless than in ordinary sleep ; the dreams are then acted and instead of the mere groans, the inarticulate sentences, or the changes of attitude observable in sleep, we see the body obeying all the fancies of the mind and yielding itself a subservient tool to its wildest workings. I remember, when going to bed late one night, encountering one of my pupils on the stairs carefully carrying his pillow in his arms. At my approach he quickly retreated to his room, and the next morning was perfectly unconscious of the incident. On another occasion, hearing some noise in his bed-room, I entered and found him dressing ; when I asked him what he was doing he merely muttered something about saying his lessons and turned into bed again, retaining no recollection of the event any more than if it had been a mere dream. Innumerable instances could be given of such acted dreams, all proving the same theory that they are but the result of the senses being asleep while the mind is at take and active. They show that in such states the consciousness is occupied continuously with one idea or train of ideas and nothing can find a place that external objects and all their influences are shut out, that there is no notice taken of outer agencies save when they abruptly rouse the attention to their influence. If somnambulist are generally selected by lecturers In mesmerism for their operations, it is that such persons have naturally a greater tendency to lose the control which stronger individuals have over the operations of their minds. They have more delicate and excitable natures, and, when in a state of coma, either from natural or artificial causes, yield more fully to the pressure of the mental phases that are induced by the agency of the mesmerised. Setting aside clair- voyance as an imposture on the credulity of our age, was the art of seems through Those ttho'tonot got thexvitto see through yon," we may implicitly believe, not merely the physical effects of mesmerism, but also the mental operations which it induces. There is nothing strange in the fact that the mesmerised should obtain answers to the questions he puts to the somnambulist ; it is no more than can be done by any one who should hold a conversation with a person in his sleep, in a state of delirium, or even under the influence of alcohol. In all these cases the will is powerless to regulate the operations of the mind, and the sense can no longer rectify the errors of the judgment. The consciousness is only alive to the voice of one person or the agency of one single cause. Insanity is but a lasting form of that state of which sleep and somnambulism are the transient and temporary types. To a certain extent we are all, at every moment of our lives, on the verge of insanity and there are more madmen loose among us than all our asylums could contain. Any great excitement, any sudden affliction, may cause the mind to break down all at once, or it may yield more gradually, where the attention has been long and constantly and anxiously directed to some matter of unusual interest ; or again the mental derangement may be the result of come actual physical imperfection. We are liable to have our reason impaired by all these sources of mental aberration. He who yields blindly to the impulse of his passions, in spite of his better judgment, is labouring under a fit of temporary insanity. The concentration of the whole mental powers on one dominant idea, to the exclusion of all others, is enough to shake the firmest intellect. It is because sudden calamities, and the excitement arising from the sudden acquisition of wealth, thus lay hold of the mind and render the will powerless to shake off the dominant idea, that these events prove so often fatal, for a season at least, to many intellects of no weak mould. A change of scene, which can divert the attention from the disturbing cause, and turn the thoughts into new channels, is generally effectual in correcting the mental aberration in all cases where the mind is not completely broken down. The old practice of shutting up a man and encasing him in a strait waistcoat as soon as he showed symptoms of mental alienation, was the surest way to settle into permanent insanity what might have been a temporary derangement. The days are gone by when mad- men were degraded to the level of wild beasts and treated as such. They were then shut up in dens littered with straw, exhibited for money, and made to growl and roar for the diversion of the spectators who had paid their fee; but now the howling madhouse has been converted into a fairy land. "The visitor to Bedlam beholds tranquil persons walking around him, or watches them feeding the birds which abound in the aviaries. In the library, many a scholar, the silver chord of whose brain jingles for the moment out of tune, finds a congenial atmosphere and such mate. call for study as he often could not obtain out of doors." The ball that takes place on the first Monday in every month, the concerts the patients occasionally give, the theatrical representations in which they are the actors, all remind us that we have helped a gulf in the last half century that the madman is viewed at last in his true light as one who dreams while awake- only one step weaker in intellect than the somnambulist who acts his dreams in a semi walking state, and only two degrees removed from the restless sleeper who mutters incoherent sentences, without, for all that, awaking to a state of conscious neBB. Sydney, 10th August. 