EUROPEAN MISCELLANY. ,'A VERY rnro phenomenon-tho 'ImoWT-yiMpio-was oV served at St. Petersburg on tho 2nd Jrumilry, ' at 2 'p.m.,J »panning the city from west to esbt, Even paler than, a! lrmor raiiil/ow.n'the bow presented only arl hit of dhr/Jing whito. except m its east curve, whero ino red, orange,' and yellow rays were easily distinguished. Tho cultivation of rico is being introduced, willi roniark ablo success, into tho Spanish province of Catalonia. , Tho Journal du J.oiret havirtpr spoken of a woman in that Department who has given birth to threo boys in tho spneo of clctcn months, ono of its subscribers lins addressed to its Editor a letter stating that hii wifo badprésontod him with four thildren in tho courte of ten months, vi¿, two en tho 18th February, 1811, mid two moro on tho lGth .December of tho Samo year. "I might, thciefoie," con- tinues tho fortunato father, " JIB'S o preBcnted, nextyoar, four icernits. to tho Emperor ; unfortunately, tho two first-born .are dead. . 'lho other two aro tall enough to bo grenadiers. JElcyen months afterwards, my wifo again gavo hirth to .twins, making a total of six children in tho space of thirty aaonths ;< wo hnvo had ten others since ; making Bixtcon in all.'?- Queen Victoria, taking pity on a poor Highland fasMyitliat wits adding to rho number of jhor subjects' at a rate oven moro i apid-tho w ifo having given birth at onco to six children-sent twenty pounds to tho father towards pro- viding them with pap. j Punic and Co., of this city, hayo published an album, .entaining twelve magnificent engravings of tho principal ! Madonnas of Raphael, with a biography ôf> tho îmmortûl ' master,, ., , , , > , i Herr Stopel, who has set portions of Professor' Long-1 fellow*» "Hiawatha" to music, gavo a first perfornulneo a< ' .Covent Garden Theatre (London), on Monday las!, consist- j ling of the reading of selections from time1 poem-BO gene- rally a favourite m England-by Miss Matilda Heron, in- terspersed with musio illustrative of tho thorne, by tho com Îoserhimsolf; tho vocal portions being rondorcd by Mftdamo 'olmicri. Tho reader was correct but cold ; tho singor not altogether faultless in the execution of tho pait of tho onter' lûinmcnt confided lo her; but tho music especially tho death Song of Minnehaha, tho Beggar's Banco, and um Ohprüs ef Ghosts,' is good, and tho noyel attempt wa», on the whole, successful. . ' j ' Tho London Stereoscopic Society aro preparing for pro- | stnlation lo the Queen an album of portraits, which will J «"onfain a gallery of over throo hundrod of hor most omi- ; nent living bubjects-pootB, historians, statesmen, artiBta, J »ni divincb. Kumour speakB highly of the quality of Bach I .f;thCEO photc graphs BB aro already oxeeuted." It Ja nu j sterbet (hat tho Queen and Prince Albert aro adepts in this , kranphiO/ artistic mechanics. Two yoara ago her Majesty presented to the Emperor of tho French, as a Christmas »jiff, an nlbvm containing portraits oi all tho mömbcrß of her family, taken by her own royal hands; and tho Prince Contort is believed to possess tho finest collection of photor , graphs in existence. lit tho Amialcs Camhriac, tho oldest of existing j Welsh chronicles, jiibt published under tho careful editorship of tho'learned dud llcv. John W. Ab-Ithol, | M.A., rector oi Llnnymowddy, tho pedigrco of tho ¡lins- | trioiiB old-world chieftain Ow ain con tam«, among tho list | of ancestors on tho female aide, tho namo of " Anna, wife .f'BcluB tho Grout, and cousin of tho Virgin Mary, mother j .f onr Lord." In this curious work aro recorded luminous ) nights, dark days, eclipses, deadly comets, aud showers of I bloed and of all-devouring worms with two tooth, that j could, only bo got nd oi by fnsting_ and prayer. Woltor , Tyrrell is mentioned, not as n regicide, but na " a certain ioldier who was looking after deer." In another old MS., , recently brought to light, tho myBteriotis blocks of Stono- , hengo oro, enid to hav o been brought through tho air, by j tho magic art of Merlin, from Ireland, whither they had been previously convevta from Africa by tho hands of , giants. Iho old chronicler states, moreover, that these iamouB Btoncs mark tho Rçot whero the Northman, Hcngist, i treacherously HICW the BritauiB who, on hi« visitation, had assembled there for friendly conference. " On that day," . ho adds, " the namo of Britain was lost, and that of Hen- ¡ jtÍBtland (by bjneopo, Ilcuglimd) tpok its placo." ' j The Court Councillor SaltikotF, having rotired from public life, has published an amusmg. but stinging volumo .f sketches of Hussion life. Alarmed by tho tendency and , power of tho satirical pictures in which tho author portrays , tho frauds and corruptions of tho " tchin," or hierarchy | ef tho Russian Civil Service, whoso extortions and, tyranny, reduced to a system¡ aro tho great bano I c1 hisnatheland, tho conservatives of bureaucracy ,ou-| icavoiired to persuado tho Emperor to prohibit the book ; but tho dm, having read it, instead of condemning tho' work, dcciaria that he had been much amused by it Orio .f tilo portraits given ÍB that of a district doctor-^ *'techinovniek," as all the mcmbcrB of tho "tscbin" arel called. That was a wonderful fellow, there's no doubt abotit ! ;it. Whatever ho took in hand always turned out so well, that ' it was a pleasure to seo it. Ono w ould think that vaccina- j I 'Won was asimplo thing, and yet ho managed to got some- . thing out of even that. Ho would go to tho Court, and lay ' I «ut all his instruments ; a turning lathe, different saws, j files, bores, anvils, and knives as big as though ho wcro , going io cut up nn ox. Ne*t day, when tho old women and j ' «hildreri Avcro assembled, all theso tools woro set going ; tho ?Jathcs squeaked, tho knives were ground, whilo tho, children blubbered, and tho old women groaned j enough to plague a saint. Meantime, he kept walk-1 is j up and down tho room with an air of, importance, miffing,at,his pipo,,sipping his glass, and ¡ calling on the Surgeon to grind the knives sharper, Tho | foolish old women, seeing all tills, whimpered tho moro, i ."La," m^ dear, he'll cut tho babies to pieces with his, knives; and 6eo how drunk ho is himself," thoy would < .wMspeí together, with streaming oyes, and wringing their hands. . After another half-hour of misery and whisperings, , the doctor judges that thoir terrors have boon worked up to the proper pitchj when they aro told that they may choose, .itherlo give him half a silver rouble a piece, and bo let ' so, cr not to'givo it, and have rho baby's arms cut oft." j The samo " tsehmooru'ek " carried his humorous extof 'tion to a tragic Jinnie in tho caso of a poor Tartar poasant, ¡ who had shot himself by accident. Well, of eourso, there wal an'inquiry; it, was found to havo boen dono by' accident, but tho District Court decided that tho circum- stance mußt bo ascribed to tho will of God, but that tho peasantjmust be put into tho hands of the district doctor to bo .nrcd. Ivan Fetrovitch received tho court's order, but voted ita bore to go to tho wounded peasant, ho lived suoh a w ay off. Howev er, about three weeks later, having busi- ness on that «do of tho country, and having suddonly re-1 mem bored that tho peasant was well off, tho doctor took him j on his way. But tho man's shoulder had become quito j well in the meantime Tho doctor, on entering tho cottage, displajed tho court's order, and ordered tho peasant to strip. , "But, papa, my shoulder is quito well," replied tho pensant; " I hlwe been at work again for a fortnight." "But look, ' you idolator, look nt the ukaso ! I am commanded to euro, you." Thero being no help for him, tho peasant at length I »tripped tho upper part of his person, displaying tho already j healed arm to tho doctor ; on which tho latter began to priso 'him with his lancet on tho still tender spot. Tho follow | roarod at tho top of his voico? but tho doctor only grinnod, \ «till prickiBg lum and pointing to the paper ; nor did ho I cedso, his infliction untü tho peasant had given him threo gold-pieees. "Now, God bo with you," said tho doctor, OB ho iodo away. But Ivan Petiovich did not stay ' away long. Whenever ho w as in w nnt of money, ho carno j to'the peasant's cottago, armed with his lancet and ukaso, j and pumped him thus so effectually that, by tho cud of tho I year, he had po8«csscd himself of every coin saved up by I ÍIÍB victim. The Inttor grow thin, could neither oat nor, drink, und raved perpetually on tho subject of tho doctor, who, when he found tho poor fellow was really penniless, ' left off visiting him. 'iho peasant then took breath, and! began to pick up a little. But ono day it happoned that I another tsihinoonick, imito a dilleient individual, passed1 through (ho villoge, and, having heaid that tho peasant! was ripufed to have money, enquired of somo of tho people ' touching his health. Tho neighbours thus interrogated rushed to the ainn'B cottnge, and told him that thura was a J tschinoonick asking after him. And what do youl think ? He; imagining- that it was the doctor, como to prac-1 Use upon him again, w cnt off to his barn, without saying a ' word to any one, and hanged himself. , According to a Frankfort journal, tho Duchess of CEstgothlnnd, whilo travelling recently in Sweden, chancod ' to hear n young peasant singing over her work. Struck by the beauty and purity of her voice, tho Duchess took! tho peasant girl under her protection, and having sub- mitted tho tones of hor proUgCc to tho judgment of the best professors of singing in Stockholm, has sent tho girl to", l'oris, whero she is now being carefully trained ns'a unger at the expenso of her protectress. Tho now Swedish Nightingale, Christino Nilbon by nomo, is considered as likely to becemo a si atidc cantatrice. According to tho military statistics of 1857, of 310,239 ' young Frenchmen who figured in the lists of tho conscrip- tion Jor that j ear, thero wero but 192,873, or less than two-1 thirds, who could read and write. For tho Bamoyoar, of! 2,250,000 bojs returned in tho census, 475,000 did not attend any Echool. Oi 2,600,000 girls, 533,000 woro totally I without education. j The Abbo Lavigcrie, in a letter to tho Mémorial de Pau ! thus describes a visit to Ab-del-Kader.-" I could not think I of leaving tho East without going in tho namo of tho French ' Catholics to oßer to the illustrious Emir an expression of their admiration and sympathy for his generous conduct. I One of our prelates also charged mo to romind tho Emir ' that they had met in Franco, and to toll him that ho (tho I prcluto) was not at all surprised at his noblo conduct, as ho I had novcr known a man who adhered moro strictly to natm al justice. I acquitted myself of my mission, and tho Emir, sinking his breast in the Arab fashion, raodestlv Baid ' I am only n sinner. I did my duty, and doscrvo rib thanks on that account. I am, how ever, glad that peoplo in Franco aro pleased with what I havo dono, for I lovo Franco, and remember all that I havo received from her.' 1 asked him if ho did not prefer tho climate of Syria to our cloudy sky and chilly temperature. < Ah ! ' he answered, ' (ho sky of Ambroisfl is fine, but not so «no as that of Syria, tho sky of Pau, howover, reminded mo of ray own. I entertain a grateful recollection of..W,rF8»dcncomtho latter town, and of tho kindness with which 1.was treated.' I then «poko to bim of tho Countess do B- who is BO well-known in your town ftr her chanty, and who had bogged mo to rornindthe, JSmir^f her, 'I havo received a letter from her,'ho1 ».T1^ TSh,0,,îonooftllem08t Perfect women ono can I ?sest with. I shall never forget tho services sho rendered mo when I was unhappy at Pau, and all that she did for I my children. I shall send hçr a little, present as a souvenir,, and yon will be kind enough to pÄsorit it, IwUTl were able to send others to all those whom I toew at Pau.' ' "ne conversation then turned on affiursin Syria, and tho »hare of the Emir m the recent events there, TUVnextday ho sent to mo. by ono of his family, a small coffer of mother ' -cf-penr), -richly soulpturcelj-for tho Conntcss-de-B---. nccompnnied hy a gracious" letter. The coffer boing destined for a Christian, tho Emir had tho delicate tact to procuro it liom Bethlehcpij" f._ " "t>(t'> iv vr''j-i Now thntlFrnncis Hi has quitted Gaeta, thero aro not -lets than fifty-five members of tho Bourbon family in etilo, out of tilo seventy-four who aro direct or collaturiil descendants of Louis X'l V. Tho Bourbons of Naples, vi/,.. Francis II.,' five brothers, four sistefs, threo uncles with . nino children, and his five aunt« (ex-Queen Mario Amolie, and Duchesses of Berry and Salerno) and a'cousin German, the Duchess D'Atimulo ; total, twenty-six. ,Tho , (Bourbons of Spain, viz, : tho Infante Don Juan, and ' two children ; total, tinco. Tho BourboiiB of Franco-Count de Chnmbord, and hil sister, tho Duchess of r Parma, with four children ; total, six. Tito Orleans Boitrbons, viz. . Count tlo Paris, Duke do Chartres, Dukes do 'Ncmonrs, D'Auniale, and Wonlpensicr, and 1'rinco do Joinvillo, with their sixteen children ; total, twenty. Of tho nineteen Bourbons not in exile, aro the Royal family of Spain, six- teen in number, tho Empress ot Brazil (nee Princess of j Naples) tho Duchess of Suxo-Coburg-Gotha (nee Princess of Orleans), and Duke Charles III. of Parma, Infante of Spain, who abdicated. A correspondent oi tho London Ceuri Joil/iial writes : ."The idea that jealousy is confined to the human race ¡9; yrong, the cat, dog, common fowls, and domestic singing! ,bitdsj are'strongly acted,upon by that' vicious or choleric! gentiment. Last summer I had a pet goldfinch that' waiblcd deliriously. In tho autumn I tooka iantty to at denary, which I purchased, for its remarkably filio notes. I j hung tho cages of both birds in the parlour window ; and bom that very hour tho goldfinch conned to siu'g, moped I and remained in the bottom oi his cage. I immediately! lcit oír, coros'.ing my now purchase, und approached tho I goldfinch and passed my finger through tho wiro» of his ' cage, when it sprang upon its perch, How into a most j iurious, rage, pecked with all its might at my iingor until i exhausted, it fell down, gnvo a low and sonowi'ul chirp and ' died. 1 A lady at Southampton writes to tho samo paper, that i she has a parrot which bos JUBÍ laid flvo beautiful oggs. the shells of whioh aro puro while. Sho states that tho ibird is upwards of thirty-five years of ago, and that, With ¡ the exception of an egg laid last year, thoso aro tho only cpgs it ever laid. Up to tho layine; of tho iirst ogg, it liad always been considered a niolo bird. It has not talked , much during tho past fow months, but has been in good health. ' Dr. E. Smith, of tho London Hospital for Consumption and Bronchitis, has been lecturing in tho hail of tho Society of Arts on "The Uses of Tea in the Healthy System." Tho Ictluicr stated that three principal questions had boon , lafecd regarding tho influenco of tea : 1. That tho waste» ol' the body, was lessened. 2. That tho body was,nourished, i 3\. That,'b) lessening waste, supply might bo lessoned, arid , jet tho bodily powers duly sustained. Alter quoting many opinions in favour of the theory that tho uso of ,leà , let-Fence! bodily waste, ho stated that his own oxpcriencp and that of Professor Lehman seemed to show that it,in- | ucas'eu (lUB waste. Iho only states in which h6coOsi(- j dVrcd that tea might be useful wero-1. ¡Sonio timo after a full meal, when tho system was oppressed ,by j lood, or by tho heat of digestion," cspoci- j idly in , tho alter part, of tho day, whon tho ¡ activity of the transforming function is greatly diminished ; 2, ¡n(corpulenco; 3, in old ago; 4, in hot climates; 5, in j suspended animation ; ' 6, in tho caso of thoso who cat j stubby or' fat lood/ especially if they do not cut'ilesh, ;, 7, j fer toldiers,,wlio,,in timo oí peace, tako too much food in relation' toibewaHte ot,the body, 8, in nwrchirjg'in tub | licáf, of pastern climates ; ,.9, in sedentary occupations ;' 10, 'in, the ease ¿i1 ihoSo who have dry and npn-perspiring'skius. ' The'learned lecturer stated his conviction that ' tho uso, oi tea ae a bevciage is injurious in all other cases. In connection with flowers may bo mentioned, as worth ? remembering by thoso who havo goldens, that if iodiuo bo put' into any VCSEOI-as a llower-pot, for instanco, loft slightly covered, or turned upsido down,'-tho¡ omanations from the substance will attract f lugs and snails from u con- ; sidcrablo distonco, when they may bo dOBtroyed by bun- , di eds, completely clearing tho ground of thom. The present British Parliament numbers 105 Etonians I Jambiig its members. Westminster Sehool hos_ twouty- ¡ eight representatives in the two Houses, including Lord, 'John Bussell, Sir JomeB Graham, tho Duke of Bichmónd, and many ^eminent, commoners. In 1848, the English | Cabinet was composed almost exclusively of " "Westanha-j sterBojB." ' - An advertisement in a provincial paper is thus'worded :-r " Wunttd, a iemale, who has a knowledge of fitting bo»ts, j of a good moial character." I Tho English gcoçrnphers and'naturalistB are-crowing! ever the important discoveries of Mr.' Chaylion, jn Central Africa. That gentleman, son ot a consul nchr the Gaboon .Hiver, has penetrated to the Equator, and han thora dis .covercdi'in a ' densely-wooded region, n Tange of-lofty 'mountnins'f.bneol whose peaks ho calculate to bèl2,0Q0foiit. in height), which .contain tho sources of tho foui fciyat 'rivers of Africa," viz, tho Nile, Niger, Zambesi, añd'íiaire, or Congo. To tho edge of this region-a blank on all maps -Dr. Livingstone penetral ed from the south. Mr Chay .lion, in passing thiough tho Gorilla country, had marry "encounters with the'giguntio apes ot that region; and has ¡brought bntk fevcral skulls und skeletons of these carioa ..'turcB of humanity,1 together with sixty now-birdsV«ridr. twenty-fivé new mammalia, including a magnificent anti lope «f great sizç. with red skin, ringed with «¡brti-liko 'linesi Ho is about to publish a book relating tho'details of his discovericè J and the British Museum is bargaining iori the purchase of his skins and skeletons. - ' J Those ^minent patrons of tlib French turf, Con'nt do La- grange, and liaron de Nivicre, who havo lately' entoied into'partnership by uniting their studs, liavo now aovonty lirnehiirfcjcs in tromiug; a larger number than has eyer beioro Veen attained by aiiy sportsman or sporting flrrii, even in England. ' Tho well-known paleographer and chronologist, Mr. W. ti. Black, has announced to the Society of AuttquanoB, the ditcovcry, by .him, ot the will and i administration of tho great artist Hans Holbein, with regard to tho timo and place of whose death much uncertainty has existed. . It is now proved that ho died in England, in 1543, four years i beioic the death of Henry V11I. This discovery will affoct the paternity of many pictures hitherto erroneously attribu- ted to him, particulaily tho great picture at Bndowoll Hos- pital, ot Edward VI. founding tho London Hospital, aud into which Holbein was said to havo introduced his own portrait. , Three young women, employed by a dressmaker ht Ncvors, wero poisoncd,iast week, by particles of an ai-soniciU dje, inhaled by them in making up a dress of green turhi .tan. ' A workmnn in'n manufactory ot artificial flowers1, in this city, having been poisoned in Uko manner by ft powder he was directed'to' strew over'somo green flowers by,his employer, haB'bbtnincd damages from the latter. ' ' - o That prolific and popular dramatist, Eugeno Soribo, has succumbed to on attack oi upoploxy, with whioh ho waa .seized in a cab, while proceeding to moko a visit \o a friend ,ot his. On reaching tho address indicated, tho cabman .oponed tho door of bia vehicle, and perceived that Iris fato Jind apparently fainted. Ho called tho nearest policouum ,to his aid, and tho latter, at onco brought a physioian to tho cab, butlilb was aheady extinct, and all that tho doctor could do WSB to havo the body taken earofully houio. Mr. Stnlc was 70 years old. He was tho son of a monier whoso sign was "Tho Black Cat;" was educated as tin attorney, but disliking the practico of tho biw, bocamo. ¡a ploywnght. Hip early nieces » ero all failures ; but ho perse , vend in his efforts, and, alter »oven of his pieces had been pitilessly bisitcd oil the stage, tho tide turned, and twenty oi his plays received, ono otter tho other, the plaudits pf the public of the Varietes. In 1820, ho commenced, at tho Gvmnnse, an immense succession of light pioccs of " genteel comedy," in nhich branch of dramatic writing ¿io oeoniiio almost unrivalled. In 1822, he ,was admitted to tbo .honours of the Iheatro Français, w-iioro ho ,raited himself to a lcvpl with the most popular dramatic authors of modern days. Nor was ho less successful in Um' operatic line, having furnished tho hbietto ot Hobert lo DiablOj La Juive, Les Huguenots, Le Prophite, La Darno jBlanoho, Lo Cheval do Bronze, Fra Diavolo, L'Ambassad'rico, Lo Domino Noir, L'Etoile du Noid, and, within tho fortnight prccedingjhis decease, La Circassiennc, just brought out at tho Opeia Comique, and Madame Grogoiro, tho latest novelty at tho '1 heatro Lyrique. The whole number of ,h¡3 idrtroiatic pieces amounts to not lot-s than 400, and/ the number of his collaborators to about 40. Lu addition to his dramatic labours, M. Scnbo wioto several novels, all of considerable interest. no was a member of tho Academy end of tho Legion of Honour. Not-, withstanding his great ago, and although ho had! accumulated an immense fortune, ho continued to the last to lead a most laborious Kio ; ho rose every morning at five, wrote until eleven, and went out at twelve to his re- hearsals and general business. Ho had talton for his crest n pen, with tho motto, In de foi tuna el libertas ;-'and'ho had the two following lines engraved over tho gate of his chateau of Scri-court - ' . ; , , " Le Theatro a paye cet asilo champêtre, ' ? ". ' ¡ Vous qui passe?, merci ; jo vous lo dois poutotre." ' I Which may be Englished thus :- t ' I " Por this rural dwelling place tho theatro has paid, Thanks, traveller! for perchance, thy gold its cost I deirajed." > In his hotel, in tho Huo PigaUe, wero a sories of pictures I repiesentiDg tho principal events of his lifo ; tho child in the shop of tho "Black Cat," the laureate at the com- petition of the'colleges at which ho studied, tho clerk in'tho , notary's office, his first theatrical piece, UB'arrival in'his 1 own carringo at the'chateau acquired by liis -pen,'tho king giving him tho Cross of tho Legion of Honour,'his , reception at the Academy-in fact, the chief ' scenes of his career. . r ......^________________ BETA. ' - "WIÎJNIÎÎO THE AFFECTIONS OF OTHERS.-Moreovor, in the intercourse of social life, it is by little acts of watchful kindness, if sought for, aro for ever starring up,-it is by words, by toneB, by gestures, by looks, that affection i» I won and preserved. Ho who neglects these trifles, yetl boasts that, whenever a great sacrifico is colled for, ho shall I bo ready io moko it, will rarely bo loved. Tho likelihood is, he will not make it : and if ho doos, it will bo much rather for his own sake, than for his neighbour's. Thero is a largo CIBBS of people, who deem the business of life far too weighty and momentous t'.'bomado.ligh^of; who would leave merriment io children, and laughter toj I idiqts ; and who hold that a joke would bo- as much out ofi I place cn their ups, as on a gravestone or ia a ledger, ' ' I 