THE VISIT OF HIS LORDSHIP THE BISHuP OF MELBOURNE. Last week we announced that His Lordship the Bishop of Melbourne had arrived it thia town. During his sojourn t^re he has been very energetic in his exe^ions for the interests of the Church. It- mufcthave been a source ot pleasure to the Prelate in witnessing the many tokens for good that were unmistaka bly visible, and to find the Church in so prosperous a condition ; that not withstanding the eagerness with which mankind seek after wealth and great ness, yet that the seed of Christianity was clearly discern able, and every one was closely attached, to the Pastor, and doing good service to assist in his work. Another gratifying fact would be found in seeing those who w.ere arrived at y-ars of discretion, coming .boldly forward and devoting rhemselves to the Church, and making, an outward .profession of faith in Christ. This must have alss been very encouraging to the Pastor and Members orthe established Church. On Sunday morning His Lordship delivered an instructive address, and exhortation to the Church. He stated that it was not bis intention on this occasion to preach a sermon, but that j he would dwell at some length on the advantages and objecu of confirmation. He feaied that this subject had Dot bven so seriously considered as it de manded. He dwelt at some length on ^ the object of confirmation, and re marked that we had the example of the ' apostles for our guidance in observing it, and that those who were confirmed i should not rest satisfied in what they had attained, but that they should take up the language of the great Preacher, and go on to perfection. He ! did not mean to assert that this cere- ! mony was necessary to salvation, but | it had been observed in all ages the layiug on of hands and blessing had ' ever been done by the early Patriarchs, ' and W9 read that Jacob bestowed his blessing on his children in this manner. In the days ol the Apostles, many had been visited by miraculous gifts ". "but which could not be fully understood now but great zeal was manifested by many a Iter the laying en of hands ; ail should aim at getting a larger in crease of tbe sanctifying influence of the Holy Ghost, and &? fuller' treasure of spiritual grace to enable them to battle against the evils with which they were constantly surrounded. The Rev. gentleman gave an outline of the object of infant baptism, ami considered that all should be confrmed, or be prepared for it as the Church re (^uiied this public acknowledgement previous to partaking of the holy com munion. He would wish to g-ive a few practical remarks on confirma ion. It was a solemn and weighty under taking, and those who embrace the Gosp-:l were to seek to get'all evil passions removed ; to keep the faith, and walk in^ obedience to the com mandments of Gocl. Those who had attained to years of discretion, and who should Lave lonsr since been 'con fint ed but woo might have been pre vented by providential circumstances, should not be ashamed to avow them selves even now to the Church, and to such as were now advancing to manhood and womanhood, he would say. that their baptism when infants would profit them nothing, if not I willing at years of discretion to ratity I what had been promised for them bv ! their" sureties, it was impossible for ?theui to get rid of the great responsi- i hility under which they hy, but it would be an aggravation cf guilt at the day of judgment. His Lordship the Bishop then requested those who were about to be confirmed to stand up , and he addressed them in a very solemn and impressive manner, saying that it would not avail them anything that they had been privileged with pious paients, or that they had been in the order of providence blessed with a religious Pastor to instruct them in the way of truth, unless they came and embiaced tt e Gospel from a proper motive, and with a free unbiassed will. It was essentially necessary that they should turn their backs on allthepomos and vanities of the wicked world, ana serve God with honesty of purpose, and seek him diligently in the meana of grace and more especially by private devotion and by searching the Scrip tures, by neglecting to do these things it would be a great loss to th-m* He then earnestly exhorted them to be constant in attendance on the means of grace, and seek help trom Him who alone is enabled to help their infirmi ties. Christianity would yield them solid comfort in the day of trouble and sorrow, and they would be enabled to look forward to the day of the general resurrection with joy, and he implored that God would undertake for them and keep them faithful-until death. The L /id Bishop thsn performed the usual rites of the Church to those desiring confirmation. This concluded one of the most interesting ceremonies f-hat it has been our privilege to wit ness. The Church was numerously attended and his instructive remarks were listened to with deep attention, and de vout feelings. An interesting sermon was preached the evening to a numerous consve gatiok 