SYIDNtY. (From our orrrespontentl.) Friday afternoon. You will, before this nrrives, know more about tho Lambing Flat riots thian wo do at present, so it will beo uselss to say mlhntl on thalt subject. I may, however, say truly. that whatever of publio sympathy might lavo been claimed by the diggers at first, they must giveo p all hope of now. It is felt hero, by all moderato men, tlhat the outrageous conduct of thel rowdiea wns was quite inexcusable, and that those from whomt better tltings shoulsd bo expected could lanve put down tihe rowdies if they pleased. If thesn rioters should attack and injur tllhe police in tihe temperate and forbearing performanceo of thleir duty, I am cortlain that all Sydtlney would view witll appro bation tihe detachment of a military force to tlio sceneo of disordor; and cerltainly the I Syduoy populna tion are not people to sympathlise with anything liltke tyranny or oppression. The lords have kicked out the tariff bill. What is to be done now? This is the question asked overywhere. T'o ime it appears that there is a great deal of unnecessary delicacy displayed in dealilnr with tlhose obstructive humbugs. However, I can imagine wlhatl might be done if time woro about two months further advanced, and if so, may it not be good policy to bridgo over. tat period with a little delay? The land bill and the Upper IHousu bill, at their present rlte of progress, may yet bo nearly two months in gletting thlrough tlioe Assenbly. Tiesn lot us suppose that, on or about the 13lth May, thosn bills were perfected in committce aind ready for a third reading. The present nominees give up tlihe ghost--twenty.one reliable men are sent in nomi nmtlly for lifot Ihoy pass the land bill and the Upper lousso bill-hcigh prestol "What ai colsp d'llatl Anid the poor devils who have been for so Imany months contelatiissi flor their privileges, obligedi to looke on, wilth Sir WV. W, 1ltlon twiddling his lingers and looking maor wisely silly than ever. F'ar be it frost mte to nay ihat antyl*tig of ite kIind is ecol tcsmplatld. Inted, lthel taeties of thie governmoent oil llhis poilt are bttriedl ia thu plrofoundest mystery, There is a good deal of dissatisfaction Ier, at presellt, st tile cosncessios llnado by the governmeott to tie Sylney cricketers. They were allowed to rusn ai fence round n largo portion of tlo ])otanit groulldl plreviosly i s Cthe late sntto ellt but Ihaing t? ids it ? f?ootlilg, tlhey sltov no inclinations to tbs it, Ott C ie conltrary, I hear tliht yesterday lordi gls of llte nclloosuro wsre olkedte, so that the ordintsry footptalt across lise )oanniai wlss comt. Ioltely cnt oilf from the public flr a time. Tilis is reaily snstslmstrosss ssssd tsettdaratbla. 'Tfsvo years sago the crlhiceters applieti for leave to bssilhl n pavtless on tiss grcusns, the ir avoowed olbject being tihe statilsisstett of 1t rigIt of possession,; blt tIo powoero of lits slay wsivoly refussedl. 1r. hloberlsoas. or ss'oivcr slay lt Ihs person ansverable, hlss ill clrrctd a scrieus resla?onibilily by llte present sct, ain tile eiceteisrs l1ind bfore sitOlc sort of tLrst lists 1 515 exasvlly ow its11 ntae, over tisi groundi. t'iltero "sty bn sonle dfliwltty it tlispos. ssinSg them I t. Tile colllmiteU of t1o Assembly, ploilcd ts ilsiror ister lio ge1trs.il msnsngesmest of tim )onaits, will no dioabt explress stroinog pIr. Wecuos , I.h Colonial '' Treas'Urer, met with a painfl accidsent ylertlery fterooil, it tho relrash. tseetss roosts osf ite Assembly A corsl fronsts naodsnl sen~or tattle ntstrlc Isim ntl tt Ivlt pil of til o yo, anid so injsured Ihists that iso was obliged to go Ithmoe, lthouglh cnnttiltconof otplsly' S lttn - ^S ^ ^ -ItiY~~bgh~U~ir~ ing to bent into Shoal Bay, Clarnnce I. ,raclked ou the sluth shllore The 1 er re . ea' An arrival f·rom New Caledlonia illnf eesa several othor wrecks-t () 1rus uos Australia i a Brozcawillng-a ll wa lla-s a" 0 betweers St'iney anod thu South Sea Ii itcah1 lives were lost. Uads, i~ Mr. Bell, the city ngincer, has laid ber1 lu liamecnt his clahias as the illnvetort of ar mode of coristructiog Ilrm\waays. ITe alalo I , e h:1' 111 ,, his process a line to BJalhurst can be c'u?n tr..l. £3000 a nile, exclusive of bridges-a ciotail l1l devaully to be wished, aralusaiaaI, The failure of the firm ofI. I'Pecl liauutl C3., for some £78,000, has sccasioneI a 1 (,o1 i gossip. The house hld only benI it bullS Iar two or three years. There is aI "tAl gleu " affllir. It appears Ithat the firmn, at first teo Messrs. ]hlyJIOnll Inllud C(IIterunO was IIe P llaymond anod Co., nd that stubse0ull cla lioxburghl joined, swhen the firm bcame it hloxburgh, and Co. 'iTho questio now 4liu much of the liabilities belongs to li?lnoalid i1 r anid how much to Raymond, I doxbulr nd A nico distinction? ,II,. Geoffrey EI' woirthy of' much more rnlintce us ill ac c iu Sa plitician, has beau appoilted to urvl "otaolgie.." iatnrday'ornlng In concoquence of urgent telegroass frn conmissioners at LIambig F]lat, the iliulltar which I mentioned yesterday is now to b0det r to Burrangong immediately, tild I ( txpecith gallant volunteers will Ihave to mounnt guord inl city. It will do thnem good, and help to in. thleir discipline. They Ihol a generol nod day, by the way. in tlho Univercsity paddk n to the military, no doubt they feel thIt t going on a amost distlastefol expedition. G that the ncessity fbr their interference c avorted! That is a sincere aspirationi hiut all things thie law nnnnt be annainlnioed, foril the strong hland of wanoton rcbellion is aillond triumph, farewell to all true liberty and rtinin freedom. The ' imnpire' of this morning comes out nila "staggering" leader Ion thie nnew Laisciir cnase t0. tioned in my telegrnamn. Thlsn case nwas broullght light chitily throughl thie execrtion of Sir. hJar, of thie firm of Grilliths, Fannig, and Co. iti. ,eaors that the .. ihole of tihe Lsc.i.r s..eanenoli Norlno wanted to complain of ill-treotmont Captain Crawford was boofor-hanld with (t18 chanrging themo with disobodionc; so of courstl water police court Ineard tIle captain 'end e silent to thie seamenl, owho got fourteen days in gal One of their numnber, ]utdneeun, hand been ho it thie infirmary, being in such a wretchedel coditil fromn thie cruel treatmenct he had received, that lit life was barely saved. When taiten to the iintonel his buck was raw with flogtging; and nwh-n nat ihe came out, yesterday, he wan like a living lt: ton. '.l'heo magistrates know that a mact wanntiv15 nmakne al complaint had beent sooent otff to Ihospitl, t they made no inquiry furtheor.-'Now there in shanrp practitioner here, ycloped William Palcr nlolit, lately a porliamcntary candnidate for t Glebe, annti whose petition against tilt. Smart' n. turn, by thie way, lhas failed. Mr. Meonilt onir. took to get tile Lascars paid tIhelir'wagest and tn say that they agreed to give himin £5,but hilnty tItat ihe was to have ilnlf, and I believe eomof til water police myrnmidonn corroborate him. AnlU events, £120 wae paidt by the captain. It o0ughtm have gone to Caltain Shorter, tine deputy thiphg nmaster, lint thie clerkic of the court received itni ianden d it over to ofotitt, iwho seemo to havne finl takent a hnalf, and thein mado n number of other di. ductlions, till at last tie poor Lsscars goton ly sbhtl one-third of their dues. Thie Norna was to nit from Newcastle this morning, and I believn the Lascears went down to join heor last night. Nri notions of British justice they wnill carry tnwayvith tilel. nBut the. case cannot possibly rest here. Tie Church and noSeol Lands Bill oecin good portion of tihe time in the Assembly lastigh tile Colonial Secretary steadily opposes it tn. tually the chinirman left thie chair and reported pr' gross. Mir. sYealsh introduced Mir. Ilodgson's int mneansure for thie appointment of a conmmissioner to attach runtaway debtors at Newcastle, and carrid thie seeoln reading, being supported by Mr.Cowpr. Nevertheless, I thonght somne of SIr. BIlloe's ob' jeetions to te mceasure very convincing. liedmc, ihanving apparently been let loose by his Iteefpt nwas agani very troublesomneo last nighlt, nd even th Speanker was unable to muzzle hiim. Sr. Parltes's bill to inerenaso theo city endowanrutl a In.tter that requires consideration. Thie princi?l is right, but his scIhedule Utintkes in trmenctia hIaul of public property-all the unalienated to unimproved land in or near thie city. At til evnt, I have no doubt that thei very worst of muoniild institutions would make better use of them tiruin now mado. Tiho government, by the way, lnt carried a vote for a sum of money to itnprovoliit' street, by carrying it into tlne Domain, throoghtit old Hydie Park ba rrack yard, It would bh netl i the-old barrack could be cleared awnay altogetnril but not for thie purpose of continuing a line houses to Woolloomooloo, which somo of ltht re pacious land-owners in that quarter desire. It glad that M[r. Parkles has "set his foce" 0gtiml. these people, and I hope it will lhave the natura' to'be-antioipated effset upon them. SMlonday naiterl., The troops wore not ready for despetdch i Lnmbiag Flat, on Saturday, chiefly owengl i0 dlinicully of purchasing horses for the anrllilY' 1 waggons. 'hTl purchase of lil'ty was, howeve'r, '0 pleted yesterday; and this aftcrnoon tieo iorei st Ibr ,ampbelltown, by special train. There "'1 rank and file of the 12thl rogilmet; 43 artillery)' n witlh two 2411b howitzers, and 21 mouinteild p»l it The artillery are commanded by Captain Loll? lt' whliole force being the command of Captalin Alki? They are provided with waggons, &o.;, and?c,0mo sariat officer gooes up with them. 'IThey Wjll i i to.night at Campbelltovwn, whence theiy will stan. morrow morning for Lambinlg Flat; tlh foeool being carried in a number of omnibuses, ien of",i havo been hired for the occasion. Tihe Min'" police force is also ordered for Burranonlg, . Owing to tlho withdrawal of the miliotarYi " Sydney, the volunteers have been called upi"t t mount guard, and lave done so accordinii&Y; "tiy mint, government lhouse, indl commissian r -5 .ligliteen are to be toll off daily for theso dauti"s, the volunteer artillery will assist in i"..s.in ll forts, if necessary. A great crowd assemblleil ' the volunteers going on guard, and oes?nrtl staring at tie sentries as they " walked ilir]lI roiuid" blt the feeling was goodi as tiie vo lol4l behalverd cry steadily, and the peopl chlieere as they went on duty. e . - ote, To-day the new hall of tlhe School of Arl, i" i opened, with a grand exhibition of plil"'ti sculpture. ,' lr. and Miss Buchanan appeared at 1"1he 111 thellatr on Saturday night, with much s"ccS. ,t King Lear and Cordeliu. fo, 'Ile body of a man, name utnknown, sch ,I ildating in tile harbour, ncar thie 1h'lI" i',; nIr Thlib following is from 'Bell's Lifel a defeat by tho Victorians las, at any rate, b"o', 0 . duictire o'f omo good; and ygiven rise to i ^,1, moviement inll the right direction. ArrI i. are in. progress for rotaining the services sI'r c tile crickletr, wliose batting and bowlinig tE" a prominent featureo in the play of our lane- opls, and should they come to a satisfactory a"O, du lie will at once return to Sydney as bi, teacelir to theo Albert Club. " i jrniih' iAndi tihe following from thlo ' recltnaln's iii' " Tlihe chair for clhenistry ii the1 Sysde' ? sitV is now filled by iMr. Charles Watt ln t theeii on leave of abseunco of Dr. Smith. iMr. Soh gone to Englahnd. ;„„ li? "'Thlo late agitation to abolish tbe excs'rlll of labour enijoined upon operative baliers tas r in steps bding takeni to esllblis a co-' pI . bakhing comlpny. \We wishi tihe prqject "e,?e !? cess. The objects are to abolish nightwo'rl c' baliing Iradeo: to disocntiiuo thei pracliceo .l^D i)lling th ojotrnocymerin iemployed dulrin"g, tl ,i o-m employel in balting dinners oli Su"'lili), oi ti a good and wholesome nrticle of fooil ", i poilt iteipllt to injero tlhe fair trader by ulnfiir 'curir ion. Thle society is to be regloteredi tLI "f i, liaroes to be issued is a tliolsnindI, lt 1 e , in los, per slulro only to lie called' l iup itn , tnianu to start the buiailion wisllt. A pb liI" o ridvooao the maltter will be liold on Ite Unlnt. " i liti 1'.S.--Just after olosing my letlter Il res iculars of the daring oatbrealk n t al c g;ol, About fifty of lithe Cuolatoo Islt""'l t',i suroe . nployed at worl in a y'. ,r o',,,ll,'i' abutted a portion of the hiospital, IrO"'e rccIeli! ni'wllcli bitilding it l aioudplpou that tl fie c a pick, or other tools, which must lil'h" 'I'lt v'yed into tlo hospiltal by the wniardlsll, -.,i irisonelcr mado a hiolo in tlhe gaol w'illli b ( , ,ivo. stotne. nnil wore ltllnbliiltr silt" ito_.'7 field likpeopl?o brealing up after a pnblin meeting, lhlon a passer-by observed them, and called at tile gaol to know if it was all right. Of course this uneremOnioLous departurLO was then put aI stop to Six of tlhe runaways havo been since taken, bLt I ihavo not learnt particulars. (Ono turnkley chboed , fellow into the bush, but he got clear of. luarne Levy, the notorious thief nld plichpocket is amongst the miesing. There are nsixteen now awuy. [EERt ELECTItCO TELEGOAPHll.) ''Tuesday night. It was at first sncld that tw'enly-two prisoners hnad escaped from gaol, but it turna out that sthere were bat seventeen, of whom fourteen havo sinco been roe 'ihe military arrived jut Campbelltown last night. T'he mrounted police started todtlay. 