MECHANICS' INSTITUTE. MB. SEABORN'S LECTURE. On Monday evening last, Mr. Frederick Seaborn, of Yackandandah, delivered the fifth lecture of the season, entitled, " An Evening with the Poets." Poetry has been the subject of one or two of the previous lectures this season, and it was feared by some that Mr. Seaborn would thereby labour under some disadvantage in getting a numerous and attentive audience; but such fears were groundless, for there was a very good attendance, and the lecture was listened to throughout witb marked interest. The Mayor (J. T. Fallon, Esq.) was voted in the chair, and introduced Mr. Seaborn to the meeting. Through the courtesy of the lecturer, we are enabled to give his opening remarks, which were as follow:— Having been invited to give a lecture in connexion this institute, I feel that I must apologise to its members for not (according to the usual acceptation of the temi lecture) strielly adhering to the promise which I then made. To lecture on poetiy as such — to speak at length upon the nature and offices of poetry—and to bring before you something of a history of its rise and progress—I feel would be impossible. It occurred to me, however, that a quiet evening spent with a peaceful bard or two would not be amiss; more especially ns many of us hare turned our backs of late upon the votaries of the muse. The title, "An Evening with the l'oets," has about it, I am free to confess, a rather alarming aspect. Commencing with Chaucer, and spending an evening with all the musical ghosts and shadows, whose harps have long since been unstrung, up to the nineteenth cen- tury, when all that was mortal of GVoW has just descended to the tomb. To my mind. EUCII an evening would b; alarming in inure respects thin one; and the sentimental girl—who love) ( 0--try so much, and doatB on dear Byron—would faint ojtright.we are sure, at the thought of such an inflistio.i. We like to read the works of fierce old Be 1 Jonson and clever Will Shakspeare, but 've hive no wish to sec the shadows of cither: their poetry reads as well as ever—but their ghosts disentangling themselves from the cobwebs and du6t of ages would, mcthinkp, be very undesirable acquaintances. With these things in view, I intend merely making a flight acquaintance with that bard who wrote not for an age, but for all time; and so, as time permils, 1 shall introduce ta your notice the writing of other bards subsequent to Shukepsare's time. Cnarles Kingstey has said in his "Essay on Plays and Puritans" that our poetry is dying: but he also says nobody cares—the truth is the world has grown too matter of fact to care; we live in a matter of fact day, iu a matter of fact age. The muse is almost forgotten : the lyre is unstrung, and poetry, too sentimental and refined for this rough age, has bL-eu drooping and sickly for many a day. Time was when the teachings of the bard were listened to with respect and reverence—when the soul-inspiring muse was cliorussed by many voices— or the soft cadences of poesy touched a sympathetic chord in every heart;—but those doys are past, and matters of fact have taken the place of the ideal—the bjaulil'ul, aud the shadowy, 'i'ho whisperings from the unseen world have grown more indistinct; while the strong harsh voice ol' the great work world has grown more loud and dissonant. To some sympathetic natures, it is true, there still clings a love for the neglected muse; b:it woe bs to such a lover if he or she come in contact with the practical unpoetical sjjr.it of the day. A man who reads poetry and quot.-s it is smiled upon by his fellows; called slow and s.n imentul; too slow and dreamy l'or this fast agTh.'re is a diead in these days of pale sentimental ra.n who turn down their collars and turn up their tyes, like moody Manfred's, wailing for the divine alihitus to but upon their souls. Bu-inve men, rough and ready practical men have belaken themselves to their newspaper, and find their poetry ij the ''Commercial Daily List." And woman, too, —gentle, lovely, sensitive woman—has placed dear Byron m the shell'; forgotten dear Longfellow, and the re t, tj the end that she may scallop, Vandyke, and c: otch.'l, and crotchet, vandykc, and scallop to her lka: t's content. But, after all, wc must claim for po.'lry a nam; and a place in our hearts—by all that is gent ' 1 , and goud, and true, we must—it was assoc at d with us in our childhood; from our inotlur's knee ive c iught its inspiration, and learnt holy t.uths through the medium of its beaut&il; imigeiy-the-e thi-.igs cannot be forgotten by us, and ami'st the toil and conflict of the great life battle, which w_> hare all fought, more or less, ih; :i:n^.o imagery of the po^t has been tivining round cur h.-aris like a golde:i thread ever since, c ryng us back by its simple music to the " Old IJOJ.-C nt Ho ne," bringing old scenes bjek in a duster to our memories. We should not bj ungrateful to it j quiet teaching; but we slijul I cherish nmongst us a love for the quiet homo drama, the lore poetry of thehrart and hearth, and the beauties of everyday life. O l:t us not tear it from our natures simply becauso the dust aud cobwebs of time are disastrous to its growth. In days gonj by, when girls and boys at tchool, who amongst us h»s not f.'lt all the natural gush of poclic feeling wa m at the heart? We have all tried our hands at a couplet. We have all written something about the moon, or the schoolmaster, or old Jokers the usher. If, then, in each heart the poetic fire bum more or less, why should the imagination b3 checked aud kept for ever in leading strings? Why should it not rather be permitted to wing its flight over the flowery fields of Arcadia, in Elysium' on the Islc9 of the Blest, and in the Vale of Tempe P The harmless delights which are derived from a perusal of the best poets aro surely sufficient to recommend attention to it; but as the poets and their writings will occupy our time for a little it would be superfluous, to speak at greater length either on the delights or the utility of poetry. I shall conclude this part of the subjict by Baying that, though a few men of but little ta*te and feeling may object, such are the charms of the sweet goddess, such her powerful influence over the hearts of men, that, though her votaries be fewer in these days than in days of yore, she will never be without a cluster of true worshippers at her shrine. The 'poets are ligion, and their beauties innumerable: most of th.'ir names are fimiliar to us as "household words"—C;iauc«r, Rpjncer, Shikuspere, Ben Jonson, and Beaumont; Quarles, with his quaint and curious emblems; Ocorga Herbert, witb his saintly and peaceful rpirit; with Addison, Pope, and Akenside of t he old; Poor Chatterton, George Crabbc, Bloom field, Coleridge. Of the new, amidst this galaxy shine out with meti-orh splendour such names as Scott, Wordsworth, Montgomery, and Moore, Southey, Campbell, Byron, M ilman, Hemans, and Kogers, and a host of others—men, who, by their genius and power, have revolutionised the world of mind, and stamped the fair impress of th?ir thoughts upon the literatu-e of a growing aee. Ou- own S takspeare has done tl i most marvellously and well; h?, above all others, could touch the most fimiliar subjects i ito poetry, as the Phrygian Monarch could touch t ie b-sst sabstance into gold: an instance of this nower will be seen in " As Tou Like It," of the S.-ven Ages of man. : Mr. Seaborn then recited " The Seven Ages" in a manner that made bis audience feel that he watat home in his work: then followed, in their proper order, " VVolsey's Lument," Byron's "Dying Gladiator," Campbell's " Exile of Erin" and "The Soldier's Dream." He also drew attention to the wirings of Edgar Poe, by reciting a few verses of "The Raven," which— Still " Never flitting, sitting—still is sitting- Just above my chamber door." Tom Hood also came in for a share of attention as a poet of true pathos. The lecturer instanced "The Bridge of Sighs" and "The Song of the Shirt." Hood's wit and humour were illustrated by "Ben Battle" and "Tho Lament of a Laundress." Mr. Seaborn concluded by reciting Souther's celebrated poem, " How does the Water come down atLadore," which, together with Poe's 'Raven" and Hood's "Song of the Shirt," were most signally appreciated by the audience. We "desire to record our estimation of the manner in which the several pieces were rendered by Mr. Seaborn, who has evidently the spirit of poetry within him to a large degree. He is to be thanked for ~ 