THE RAIN COMES SOBBING TO THE DOOR. The night grows dark, and weird and cold; and thick drops patter on the pane; There comes a w ailing from the sea-the wind is weary of the rain! The red cecils click beneath the flame ; and sec ! with Blow and silent feet, The hooded shadows cross the woods, to where the twilight waters heat ! Now, funwise from the ruddy flic, a brilliance sweeps athwart the floor ; As, streaming down the lattices, the lain conies sobbing to the dooi ! As, sti earning down the lattices, The ram comes sobbing to the door ! Dull echoes round the casement fall, and thro' the empty cham- bers go, Like forms unseen whom we can hear, on tiptoe stealing? to and fro! Hut fill your glasses to the brim, and, through a mist of smile» and tears. Our ejes shall tell how much we love to toxst the shades of other years ! And hither they will flock again, the ghosts of things that aro n» more ; While, streaming down the lattices, the rain comes sobbing to the door ! While, streaming down the lattices, The rain comes sobbing to the door ! The tempest-trodden wastelands moan-the trees arc threshing at. the blast ; And now they come the pallid shapes of dreams that perish'd i» ' the past ! < ? And, when we lift the windows up, a smothei-'d whisper round us strays, Like some lone wandering voice from graves that hold the wreck» , of bygone days ! I tell ye that I love the storm, for think we not of thoughts of yore, When, streaming down the lattices, the rain comes sobbing to the . dooi ! When, stroming down the lattices, The rain comes sobbing to the door ! We'll drink to those we sadly miss, and sing some mournful song we know, Since they may chance to hear it all, and muse on friends they've left below ! Who know6-if soul? in bliss can leave the borders of their Eden home But w hat some loving one may now about the ancient threshold, .? roam Î Oh ! like an exile ho would hail a glimpso of the familiar floor ; Though, streaming down the lattices, the rain comes sobbing t» ' the door ! Though, str«uning down the lattices, : Tin. , nln rnntps Knhhinir tn the itnop ' I _ IlLMlY KnxDA.I.n. ' 