The Fijians. Dr Seeman, the gentleman deputed by the Home Government to report upon the natural capability of the Fiji Islands, writing to the Athneum from Rewa, Fiji, describes his adventures there: " The sight of the Atheneum at this out of the way place strongly recalls a pro- mise made before my departure from, England to send occasional tidings of my wanderings in Fiji. I have now been se- veral months in this group, exploring it in several directions,and though much has been written upon-it, and that too, by competent: hands, there is still abundant material for observation, and a fine field for making collections in all branches of natural history. My head quarters for the first month were at Somosomo, in the island of Taveuni, where I stayed under; the hospitable roof of Captain Wilson, who has formed there A cocoanut oil es- tablishment ; coconut oil, tortoise shell and beche-le-mer forming the Btaple ex- port of these islands, to which cotton will noon be added, several speclea of this all important production having become na- turalised in various parts. Taviuni is a rocky island of secondary inaguitude, girded by cocoa sut ptvlms, and densely covered with forests, full of fine timber, and aboounding in wild pigeons and a species of paroquets highly valued by the Tongese, and still more by the Samoans, on account of the ref' feathers, with which they ornament their mats. The island is about 2500 feet high, and the ascent to its summit very steep. The first time I vWent up a numerous suite attended. The Queen of 8omosomo, hearing of my in- tention, joined the expedition with her Whole íourt. At daybreak we found her train waiting for us, at the banks of a ri- ver, all fully equipped for the journey. A few strokes of the pen will describe their dress. The Queen wore tv o fa- thoms of white calico arc und her loins, fresh fern leaves arourd her head, the purple blossom of the Chinese rose in a large hole pierced through one of her ears, and a bracelet made of a shell. No other garment graced her stately person, and yet Bhe looked truly majestic. Her attendants dispeneefi with the calico al- together, and were simply attired in por- tions of banana and cocoanut leavos, fresh fresh from the bush. In our European clothes we had no chance to keep up with them, and they were always a long dis- tance ahead of us, waiting for our coming up, and enjoying themselves in opening cocoanutB and smoking cigarettes,-which they made with dried banana leaves. The summit of the island was found to he on extinct crater filled with water, and on the northeastern part covered with a ve- getable mass, so much resembling in ap- pearance and colow the green fat of the turtle as to have given rise to the popu- lar belief that tLe la' of all tfce turtles eaten in Fiji is transported to this lake by supernatural agency ; one oí the nu- merous Bpirits &ith; winch the wild fancy of the natives has peopled the group talc ing it at night out cf theil stomachs and placing it there. This jelly-like mass be longs to some ot the lower Algse, and is several feet thick. We were not awave, until it was too late, that this singular production was only floating on the top of the lake, forming a kind of crust, or else we should not have ventured upon it. On the contrary, we took it to be part of a swamp that might safely be crossed, though not witho-it difficulty, for we were always up to our knees, and often to our hips, in this vegetable turtle-i at, and had to Eave ourselves occasionally from sinking into inextricable positions by crawling along like reptiles. TPhere the lake was free from thiB Alga, the water was limpid and cool, and we freely partook of it when eating the cold yams, taro, and fowls which formed our dinner. The sides of the lake were covered with hollies, scarlet myrtles, and a fine feathery palm, closely allied to that of New Zealand and Non folk Ibland, but different. It was night before I regained Somosomo, all the na- tives being home long before me, for as soon as they saw the sun getting low there waB no retaining them any longer. Having to be in the forest after nightfall is to them something terrible. They see ghosts and demons starting np in every direction, and fear to fall victima to their anger. The town of Somosomo '.was, un- til a few years ago, the moßt notorious place in Fiji for cannibalism, aud the early missionaries, after much diecou ragement, had to give up their station. It was then a place of some importance ; but constant feuds have reduced the num- ber of its inhabitants considerably, and the few that are left bave for the most part become Christians,-it being now more than three years since the last man was eaten. The chief himself, certainly the finest Fijian I have seen, both in rei gard to stature and features, btill lemains a heathen ; but his Queen (who holds a higher, rai-k than himself) is a devout Christian. The people are very well be- haved, and, although they had plenty of chances of stealing, I did not lose any- thing of consequence. For knives, Jew's harps, calico, and other trifles they îeadily assisted in making a fence for an experi- mental cotton plantation 1 established, felling trees and going into the forest with me. From Somo-somo I shifted my head-quarterç to Port Kinnaird, on the Eouth- eastern side of the Island of Ovalau, where I Tras kindly received by Mr Prit chaid, the British Consul, and where 1 hoped to find Colonel Smythe, w) om I had been directed to join by Her Majesty's Government. Owing to the war in Kew Zealand, the gallant colonel had not yet arrived, and Mr Pritchard and myself therefore determined to proceed eastward to explore the little-known parts of Viti Levu, one of the continents of the Fijian world. We set off on the 28th of July in the eon&ular; gig, and on the Eame day reached Bau, the capitaL of Fiji, where we stopped at the house of Mr Collis, a gentleman, connected with the mission. Until 1850, Bau was opposed to the mib sumaries, and the o\ens in which the dead bodies of human victims were baked were scarcely ever cold. Since then, however, a great change has taken place. The King and eil his Court have embraced .Christianity ; the heathen temples are in r h w P I 0] 16 e1 I ai fe ei al m hi si y a Vi d ti ÍE á fl a a Ci t1 n a o n u a I t t ruins ; the sacred groves in the neighbour- hood cut down ; and in the great squaie, where formerly the cannibal feasts took place, a large church has been erected. It was not without emotion tnnt I landed on this blood-stained soil, where, probably, greater iniquities were perpetrated than ever, disgraced any other spot on earth. It was about eight o'clock in the evening, and, in&teod; of the wild noise that greeted former visitors, one heard nearly from every house family prayers. To bring about such a change haB, indeed, required no slight efforts, and many valuable lives had to be sacrificed ; for, although no mis , sionary has ever met with a violent death, i yet the list^of those who have died in the : 1 midst of their labours is proportionally ' very great. The Wesleyans, to whose ditrinterestednetSB the conversion of these most degraded of human beings is due, have, as a society, expended £75s000 on this object ; if the donations of friends to individual missionaries are added, the sum swells lo the respectable amount of £80,000. Erom Bau we pro- ceed to liewa, by way of Nakelo, one of the grpat rivers of Viti Levu, and con- nected by a c i r¡al with the Kewa river This canal is probably the greatest piece of ingenuity ¡sver executed in these islands, affording a proof of how thickly the land niut-t have been populated to allow of such an undertaking, when there were nothing but staves to dig the ground, and baskets to carry it away. It has not been ascer- tained how long ago this canal was cut ; all that can be elucidated from inquiries is that it was cut long «go, and for the purpose, of carrying out a military strata- gem. We passed the town of Eewa, and, dropping down the river, took shelter for a few days in the mission at Mataisuva, where there is an institution for training native teachers, under the superintend ance of the Kev. "W. Moore, who, as an apt Eijian scholar, devotes some of the few leisure momentB he can snatch to a subject hitherto much neglected, that of collecting the old songs of the natives, now fast fading away. A coasting voyage ol' several d&yB;, which afforded ample opi portunities of seeing places of interest and enriching my collections, brought us, towards sunset on the 5th of July, to the Navan, one of the largest rivers in Yiti levu, and not yet explored by any scien- tific mau. There are several extensive deltas at its mouth, composed of rich al- luvial soil, and exceedingly well adapted for cotton. [To be concluded in our next¡] ¡art3TP3TBE£e=rÄra3EÄCT.rnE3cnHÄsac»ii 