VILLAGE OE PEEL.. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] SUICIDE. On the evening of Wednesday, the 1st instant, an inquest was held by Dr. Busby the coroner of the district, at the Winburndale Creek about a mile from the village, on the body of a man named Francis Thorn, who died from the effects of a gun-shot wound inflicted by himself at his residence, on the night of the 30th ultimo. The deceased arrived in the colony about the year 1820, and prior to his death had lived for several years as tenant on the property of Mr. Terry Hughes, situate on the creek. He was about 56 years of age, and married, and had for a considerable time past suffered from a paralytic stroke, for which he has often used some very simple remedies which he considered efficacious. Deceased's wife left him most mysteriously about three years ago, and since then he had appeared to be very unhappy in his mind, at times fancying that the ghost of his wife haunted him wherever he went. On Tuesday, although ill he assisted to load some hay, which he had sold to Mr. Orton of Peel, when he fell down in a fit in the yard ; he then went inside to bed, no person stayed in the house that night but the deceased, and the unhappy man during some time of the night took an old flint military musket which hung over the kitchen fire place, loaded it with duck shot, and shot himself in the left side under the heart. On Wednesday morning Mr. Orton sent two of his men for some more hay, and when they reached the place one of them named Charles Anderson proceeded to the house of the deceased, when on entering the first thing that attracted his notice was the unfortunate man lying on his back across the fire-place, and about two or three yards from the door. The man afterwards observed on a sofa, the' musket which had caused the distres- sing occurrence. The fingers of the left hand of the deceased were quite black with powder, and the left breast of his shirt and inside flannel were burnt all round where the shot had pene- trated. There was a little blood on the floor near the place where he lay, and it was the opi- nion that the deceased in a moment of frenzy shot himself whilst standing between the fire place and the door, and that he had pulled the trigger of the gun with his left hand. In the pockets of the clothes that he wore were about seven and twenty pounds in cash, and other little things Dr. Connell of Bathurst made a post mortem examination of the body and abstracted from the wound about eight grains of shot. The jury after hearing the evidence of the medical gentleman returned their verdict, that deceased came by his death by a gun-shot wound inflicted by himself whilst labouring under a fit of temporary insanity. ACCIDENT. — On the afternoon of Tuesday, as the landlord of the Shearer's Arms Hotel, was driving his wife and child through the township for an airing, the horse bolted with the vehicle, and having ran foul of a stump, capsized; and although the whole family fell out, I am happy to state, that the accident was not atten- ded with any more serious results than a deep bruise of the right arm of Mr. Windspur. THE INFLUENZA. — This distressing malady has again made its appearance amongst us, and in consequence there are many of both sexes, chiefly youngsters, attacked with the disease but not with any great virulence. Thursday morning, May 2nd, 1851. P.S.— The Peel National School, McCann versus Macdougal, the influence of the Press, the Clear Creek Quartz Reef, the neigh- bouring Diggings, and other interesting matter, ; — all in my next. 