FROM what we can learn we are likely to liave a dissolution of the House of Assembly somewhat earlier than we expected. Our readers are aware that, on more than one occasion, we have expressed out doubts as to the ennstiutional position of tbe present cabinct. Whether by the striot letter of the law an Attorney General can legally discharge the duties of his office, he not having any political existence whatever, and, consequently, being wholly irresponsible to Parliament for the manner in which those duties are discharged has been with us, for some time, a question of difficulty and doubt. That the Constitutional Act never contemplated this is certain. One of the Schedules to that Act provides for the liability of thiB Officer to lofiR of off™ in t.l>o o—® manner that it provides for the liability to loss of office of the Secretary and Treasurer. It was evidently presumed, therefore, that the three gentlemen holding these appointments were also to occupy seats in the Legislature as representatives of tho people and b« held responsible to that Legislature for their advice and political conduct. Else, why should the provision have boon made in the Schedule ? In what did their liability to loss of office consist? Simply in their ceasing to enjoy the confidence of Parliament. The only other grounds upon which expulsion would have been justifiable were incapacity or misconduct; and is it probable, we abk, that the Act intended to reward them supposing thctu to have been expelled on cither of these grounds ? There is nothing more certain than that tho Aot requires that the Law Officer of tho Crown should bo responsible to Parliament for his advice; and it seems to us equally certain that -without such responsibility, he cannot constitutionally discharge the important functions of his oflicc. He may, perhaps, do so according to the strict letter of the law. That is a question upon •which we arc not competent to give an opinion. But there can be no doubt that there is a growing distrust in the minds of the people upon this point. They know that the Attorney General has no scat cither in the Parliament or in the Cabinet, and that, consequently., he is an irresponsible officer. Mr KNIGHT felt the difficulty and the anomaly of his position and conscientiously retired rather than bo any party to what he considered a violation of the •spirit, if not of the letter, of the Constitutional Act. Mr DOBSON took office on the terms Mr KNIGHT refused to accept and he is now discharging the duties of tho first Law Officer of the Crown without any position cither in tho Parliament or in tho Executive. He is in no way responsible for any advice he may give to II is EXCEL- LENCE, nor has he the constitutional privilege of giving reasons for his advice or of defending the opinions he may entertain save through some Minister who is responsible. If this bo constitutional we can have, of course, nothing to say against it; but this wc do say that the resignation of Mr KNIGHT has unhinged the public mind on the subject and has led the people to doubt, not in the integrity but in the legality of the administration of justicc. Mr DOBSON is a gentleman for whom we have always entertained the highest esteem. That he is painstaking and of unswerving integrity no one can deny. Bat Mr DOHSON is very young. Of his ability we have yet to receive tho first fruits. Never before, perhaps, has any gentlcm an boon advanced to tho exalted but perilous position ho now holds at so tender an age. Wc are bound also to assume that he has well considered the legal scruples which led Mr KNIGHT to resign and that he doos not believe that those scrnples were sufficient to justify his predecessor in throwing up his appointment. All this we willingly ami cheerfully wume. We would say to him, hofrever, in the dying words of Cardinal WofcfiEY :— " Be just and fear not: " Let all the ends thou aim'st at be thy country's, "Thy GOD'S, and truth's; then, if thou fall'st, " Thou fall'st a blessed martyr," And we do not doubt that, in the discharge of his public duties, and how fearful are those duties at the present . moment! Sir DOBSON will adopt this advice and prove that he is resolutely determined to merit the reputation he now enjoys. But it is the constitutional aspect of this question with which the public and the government have to deal. The AT- TORNEY GENERAL of the Colony is wholly irresponsible for his aotions and his advicie; the Executive has no constitutional legal Offioer to whom its members can apply. . -The responsibility of his acts lies on tbe-Bhoulders of other men. When the Parliament assembles the scat of the ATTORNEY GENERAIJ will be meant. Honorable Members will havo to study BLACKSTONE'S Commentaries and COKE upon LYTTLETON for themselves, or{ receive their law as well as their morality at the hands of that versatile genius—Mr. INNES. And this is what we believe the Parliament will never consent to do. Only fanoy a dissertation on constitutional law from the prcsont Treasurer! What an awful infliction it would be ! But there is no fear. From what wc can hear the Members of the Executive aro as doubtful as we are as to the legality of their present position. It rumored abroad tl^tt there will bo a dissolution of tbe Assem bly almost immediately; that there arc doubts and misgivings in the Executive mind as to tbe present position of the ATTORNEY GENERAL of the Colony. We have even beard it whispered that honorable Members will be summoned within a month from tbe present time to advise tho government in its present dilemma. Of course we cannot vouch for the truth of this; but we can say that, considering the fearful amount of crimo whioh has reoontly been perpetrated in the Colony it would bo a great relief to the public mind were this Officer placed in such a position that no possible doubts could exist as to the legality of those painful duties he will bo shortly called upon to disoharge. Tbe wisest thing the government could do under the present circumstances would be to appeal to tbe people. That something will have to be done and that speedily is certain. Tho Colony cannot and must not permit the Law Department to remain in its present ambiguous position much longer. W E have long been prepared for any fantastic evolutions on the part of the JI/CIUURY. WE all ITUOW tliatlt, Is daylight whon wc see the sun shining. But on Saturday, in its summary for England, that moral and consistent -print has most assuredly outstripped all its former agonising attempts to procure notoriety. We scarcely know how to reply to its article or which to admire most,—its absurd vanity, its ridiculous pretension, its vain glorious assumption of superiority, or its downright untruthfulness. Prom first to last it is but a oomioal lie,—a sort of photographic representation of the torments which vain men have to submit to when their vanity is wounded. If we were to attempt to reply to the unwarrantable and cowardly attack on Sir Henry and Lady YOUNG we should only be laughed at. Who could write seriously in refutation of such excorable trash as this ?—" Men of " the highest worth in Tasmania, of the " most honorable chnracler} and (most " honorable) social standing, have, with •' their families, been regularly excluded " from Government House, and [have] "been made, to that extent, a pro- " scribed olass" —meaning, according to the customary acceptation of the word " proscribed," a " class doomed to death." A greater or more wilful lie than this was never told. But, in the midst of all the gloomy tidings wc are compelled day after day to chronicle, it may not be amiss to furnish our readers for once -with something at which they can smile, and the Mercury has ^furnished the material. Truths are often written and spoken by men whose history and lives give the lie to the truths they •utter. But tho following is not truth. If wc could only disassociate the sentimejts from the individuals who stand sponsors for tlicm wc should be angry. It is the impossibility of doing this that makes those sentiments silly. If a monkey, or a dog, or any other animal, -were to assume the right of dictating to reasonable beings what was or was not the etiquette of a Court wc should boat lit. We have ourselves known cases of men, not in this colony as a matter of oourse, who havo been publicly advertised as swindlers and who have yet been subsequently engaged to write and preach morality to a whole community. Suppose suoh a degraded individual wero to write anything after this fashion,— what would our readers think of him ?— "Englishmen little know how mis- " chievouely a system of this kind" [the system of excluding doubtful characters from Government House] " operates in a * Colony where the last thing that ought " to be attempted, the first thing that " ought to be eschewed, is the creation " of an artifioial and upstart society; no " doubt it is agreeable to human weak- " ncss to bo surrounded ly a set of " toadies, who apo tho manners of "Courts, and [who arc] obsequious io "the vice regal presence, [and who] " give themselves [in consequence] exclusive airs out of it." Wo wish to heaven our contemporary would toll us what he means iu deccnt English, point his sentences properly, and not compel us to make these continual interpellations! Bat now oomes tho orcun of this quotation. The deep and intense feeling that prompted the following exclamation will awaken univer* sal sympathy:—" But GOD help us! " What are we all here ?" If GOD does not help us 'we have but a sorry look out! "Who is the daintiest dandy "that walks the pavement with mincing " steps and sheds hit perfume about " him or the proudest belle at the Birth " Day ball ?" Tho last question, we ( confess, is a somewhat difficult one to answer. They arc all beautiful and alas! all. proud. The writer of this whimsical nonsense knows, perhaps, better than wc do how easily the first question could be answerod. But let us proceed :—" We are all parvenu " here." Are wo indcod ? If we are who is it that tells us so? There aro thousands in Tasmania who bare lived hero for very many years, who are universally esteemed, and who have families born here, and yet they are designated by this exalted critic and moralist " all new men." The next sentence in our contemporary's article, however, is gospel truth even if tho devil himself ipoke it. We give it in the quaint ungrammatical way in whioh the Mercury of late bas loved to revel:—" Some " of us have little to boast of and some "us none." Shades of Lindlay MUR- RAY, and of COBDEN, and of everybody else who ever had any respect for tho English language, did you ever read tho like of that ? But let us proceed : " and many of us [have] the least to " boast of who boast the most." If that is not a biting sarcasm we never beard one. How came the Mercurt/ to allow it to be printed? If we had written such a sentence we should have been called uncharitable. Talk of self-condemnation! "And, are roe to endure " the absurd experiment of creating " a beau monde, an aristocratic circle " revolving about tbe Governor as the " fashionable luminary ? This is what " has been attempted under the present "regime, with what result those who "understand the general tone of our " society can best tell." Immediately after this it is set down that the bost thing we can say of ourselves, or that others can say of us, is that" we are all adventurers." In one sense this is true. Every man is an adventurer who strives to get on in life,—always, of course, excepting our contemporary and his amanuensis. It was William CharlcB WENTwORin, wo believe, who, some years ago, proposed the formation of a titled aristocracy in New South Wales, and those who opposed it most then wero men who well knew that, from their subordinate position in life, they had not the ghost of a chance of boing allowed to enter the privileged circle. We have men of the same stamp hero. There are men of the samo stamp all over the world and there must bo so long as a feeling of envy exists iu the human breast- If all rankj all education, all moral worth, are to be immolated and men possessing these advantages are to be brought down to the level of those who have by their ingenuity, acquired wealth, then, of course, there is an end of tho argument. But this never has been the case and we trust it never will be the case. In England there arc and always have been four distinct classcs of society,—the nobility the higher closses, the middle classcs, and the lower classes. And yet no ono ever heard of the one presuming to intrude on the privileges of the other. There are always circumstances occurring whioh raises one man to a position higher than that in which he was born,—superior intelleot., and superior moral worth are instances. In such eases society acknowledged tho justice of tho claim and pays to mental and moral power tho tribute whioh is their due. But these are exceptionable cases. After all the most powerful class in England is tlie middle class, and the same will be eventually the case in these Colonies. But to suppose far an instant that Sir Henry and Lady YOUNG will throw down the barriers,—will level all distinctions of rank, education, and moral worth, would be to suppose what we hope and are convinced will never take place. Sir Henry and Lady YOUNG have beon accused indirectly of having " put the social ban upon all that " is respectable and worthy in the com- " munity." As there is only one man in this community who, in the estimation of the Mercury, is " respectable "and worthy" tho inference is plain. Oar contemporary goes on to say :— "That Sir Henry YOUNG has been " striving to render himself tho eontre " of a sot or clique is a fact "greatly complained of." And now, gentle reader, if you wish to read a sample of colonial sentiments, expressed in colonial English, hero you havo it: —"His Excellency is both bound by " tbe more pateDt proprieties,"—moro patent proprieties! " Tho tevil and his " tam! what phrase is this ? Why, it " is affectation,"—" of his position and " naturally disposed, wo havo no doubt, " to pay due courtesy to tho more pro- " minent x>f the citizens of Tasmania " whom" (poor Lindlay MURRAY !) " from their conspicuous place in sooiety "it would bo too marked a thing to " pass over. As a matter of course Gro- " vernment House is open to many who " honor it by their prosenoo moro than " they are honored by being invited to '• it." What a beautiful compliment to Colonial Governors 1 How blind these unhappy creatures must be to their own interests! Had Sir Henry and Lady YOUNG invited our groat contemporary how highly would tbey have exalted their horn! But, alas for Tasmania I these things were not permitted We are destined to droop and die, morally and socially, because the GOVERNOR doos not know his own interest. It was our intention to have said a few words upon the unmanly attack made by the Mercury on Lady YOUNQ, —a lady whose name ought never to have been dragged into matters political. But we felt that wo could not do this •.Wat insulting her. Censure from " reople is commendation; and •""I did bsr LADYSHIP receive higher re00Uecting from whence it emi- FT than that contained in the article n which we have been commenting. J^Voofco requires nothing but her J a J S o defend her. It would be *ieoe of impertinence on our part * f t0 assume that those actions •"J m t 0f themselves more than e f Lh to vindicate her character from Jfharjs coming from. We have llr seen a higher compliment paid to N LADYSHIP than that contained in iifleadina article in the laBt Summary jKiand published by the Mercury : » She who disputes, «Admits it possible she might be guilty." As MOSESWAS favored with a glimpse of 1 distant and coveted land of Canaan 1 the summit of Mount Ncbo, so, likewise, have the unhappy people of Tasmania been favored with a dim and distant view of their future political MOBpects froia the heights of that lofty ind sacred mountain—the Mercury. It has taken us a long time to get to the top of it and it will be well for us if Ve don't break our nocks before we get, the bottom. In its Summary for England we find the following prophecy ?—"Tho SeBBionof Juiy will give us " tie opportunity of learning what are "the intention of Ministers with referii once, not only to Finance, but to tho >i general government of the Country. " Little business will be attempted, the « object of the Session being to enable a the Cabinet, in the proper Constitutional mode, to lay its policy before tho »Constituencies prior to the General " Election. This would come by operation of law towards the close of the a yeir5 but we believe Ministers will ii assent to an immediate dissolution, '< so as tu bring to an early issue the •"questions in whose hands the future " administration of affairs shall be deposited, and on what principles it «shall be conduoted." It was only a few weeks ago that our contemporary told us what great things were to be done in Gatb,—we mean in tho Executive Council. All the future policy of the Government had been so perfectly arranged,—was in such exact accordance with the wishes and wants of the people, that the whole public would bo surprised and delighted with its announcement. We arc now in possession of a rude and somewhat clurasy outline of the future policy of Ministers. It has evidently been drawn with a trembling and a timorous hand; but should the sketch prove faithful we shall know, at all events, in what particular manner Ministers intend to commit suicide. A new policy is to be laid before tho constituencies in the " proper constitutional " mode" prior to the General Election. Ministers intend to cut their own throats by acknowledging that their past policy has been altogether erroneous and fatal. And tbey have the modest assurance to expect that Parliament,—tLat is, the new Parliament, will allow them to do this! NERO could not destroy himself. He was beholden to one of his slaves for giving him the quietus he had so long merited. 33ut he got that quietus nevertheless,—and, well he merited what he got! And it will bo the same with this government. Never have men better deserved the inevitable fate that awaits them. They cannot,—they dare not, suppose that Parliament will permit them to go on ruining the Colony after their own peculiar fashion. We never had any high opinion of the financial, much less the administrative, abilities of that " borri- "ble necessity," as we have heard him designated, Mr Frederick Maitland INNES. When this Colony is reduoed to such an extremity that it cannot dispense with tho services of a gentleman who has been mainly instrumental in bringing it to destruction it is high ime we put a violent end to our political and national existence. Tho rare "advantage" of having secured the services of Mr William ARCHER in the Executive may have some influence npon our future destiny; although, to our minds, it seems muoh tho same as building up a Cbarybdis to wreck our hopes whilst we are endeavoring to steer clear of a Scylla. What an alternative! And yet this is the only alternative Responsible Government has left us. Happy land! Our cotemporary says:—" Little bu- " siness will be attempted" in the coming SessioD. But what are we to understand by this most dnbious assertion ? It is the first timovwc ever heard of a man, or a community, " attempting" business. Or, are wc to understand the word " little" to be an adjective referring to the contemptible and dishonorable onllaught now being made on clerks and messengers ? We never expected much business from Ministers after Francis SMITH left tho Cabinet for he took away >11 the brains there was in it. But certainly we were not prepared to learn that the sole object of tho next Session would bo to " enable tho Cabinet, in " the proper Constitutional mode"—[is there an improper Constitutional mode f] " to lay its policy before the constituen- " cies prior to the general election." Tho next Session of Parliament, therefore, is to bo handed over to Ministers to allow them to give another bid for office! How will honorable members like to bo calicd from their avocations for such i miserablo purpose as this ? There arc to be no new fiscal arrangements,—no, to employ our cotcmporary's elegant expression " no none." Things are to go on in the same disastrous way. The Colony is to be damned in order to permit Messrs. WESTON, ARCHER, and INNES to enunciate a policy for next Tear condemnatory of all thoy have hitherto done. And they expect, no donbt, that the members of tho present HOUSB of Assembly will agree to this. But we have a loftier opinion of tbein. They have bees duped sad deceived once too often. Those who support a government in dishonor are themselves dishonorable; and the gentlemen who compose the "majority" of our Parliament will never give the Colony an opportunity of applying this axiom to them. If it be true, however, that the Government " will assent '• to an immediate dissolution so as " to "bring to an early issue tho ques- " tion in whose hands the future admi- " nistration of affairs shall be deposi- " ted," it is high time the Opposition commenced putting their political house in order. We have pinned our faith to Mr. James WHYTE as the leader of a new and liberal government and we have no reason to suppose that we shall be deceived either in his patriotism or ability. Even our contemporary, we believe, would speak civilly of an administration of which this gentleman was the bead. Be that as it may we implore those who are really desirous of putting their shoulder to the wheel in order to rescue the Colony from the commercial and politieal perdition which now threatens her to shake off their apparent apathy at once. There is not a moment to be lost. The crisis is a momentous one; and although we don't like associating these gentlemen with the devil still wc would say to them in the words of SATAN himself, and we would say it with all earnestness and with a sincere desire for the welfare of this iil-governed colony,— " Awake, arise, or be (or ever fall'n!" 