MELBOURNE NEWS. (Argtis.) Captain Scratchier, R.E., delivered the tilth of Ks course of lectures on fortification to the mem bers of the volunteer corps of engineers last even ing, at-the Orderly-room, in Lonsdale-street. The subject of the lecture was the operations necessary in living out field works for working parties. " Capiain Scratcbley dwelt' particularly on the importance oflayingout the" lines correctly, in order to the various faces of the work being protected by flanking fires. At the close of his lecture he informed the members that owing to the delay in receiving the money voted for tlie purpose by the Legislature, his second book of instructions could not be published in time for the examination purposed, to be instituted on the 27th of the pre sent month, and that the examination had, in con sequence, been deferred to the 17th August. Several valuable works on field fortification and other branches of the engineer service have been purchased by Captain Scratcbley, as the nucleus of i a library for the corps. The lecture was listened j to with great attention by a large number of mem I hers. The Aberdeen clipper ship Moravian, -which arrived in Hobson's Bay yesterday afternoon, has brought three Hereford cows, in calf; one Ayr shire cow, with bull calf at foot; three Merino rams, selected from the imperial flock at Paris; a number of song birds, comprising canaries, gold finches, blackbirds, and thrushes; several Spanish and Dorking fowls, and a few Berkshire pigs; all of which are in good order. A meeting of the "Siller Gun" Committee was held on Monday, in the " Albion Hotel, Mr. J. V. A. Bruce in the chair. The accounts were auditei, and it was found that the balance in hand, after deducting expenses, amounted to £37. This was increased to £40 by a subscription from the thair man, and it was agreed to transmit the moiey by i the outgoing mail to Mr. Colia Mackinno«, late of Melbourne, and now in London, for tbepurchase of a rifle for presentation to Mr. Ross-'the rifle to bear a suitable inscription on a silver plate, show ing that the gift was made by a few Scotchmen in Victoria, in admiration of the " (tampion shot" of England. A letter, to be drairt up by the secre tary, and countersigned by the chairman, express ing the sentiments of- the subscribers, will accom pany the gift. ;-'*'>. . Ala. meeting of the Exploration Committee L field yesterday in the.-. Royal Society's Hall, a lengthy discussion ensued on resolutions proposed by Dr. "NYilkie; but altimately the subject was postponed until to-dof, at one o'clock, when the committee again mee:. The other business on the paper was also postponed, with the exception of that referring to Hr. Wright's diary, which was handed to the prc»s for.publication. Aletter from Mr. A. Howitt,/leader of the contingent party, dated Swan Hi.'f, 11th July, was read, in which that gentleman stated that Mr. "Welsh was pro gressing favorably; that he had made satisfactory progress with the purchase of horses, and that he expected to start afresh on the Saturday following. (Age ) Dr. Owens will deliver a lecture this evening, at the Mechanics' Institution, Collins-street eas£ on the subject of the "Phenomena of Sleep, Dreams, and Mental Hallucinations," being a reply to Mr. Blair's " Plea for Ghosts." The deputation appointed by the recent meeting of the Bendigo "Valley '^lining Company.waited upon Mr. Rose, the late managing director of the company, yesterday morning, and requested him to convene another meeting of the shareholders, and to explain to them the conduct of the directors and the general management of the company. Mr. Rose ^ replied that he had no power to call a meeting himself, but that if the shareholders chose to convene one, he would be very happy to attend as requested. A large meeting, numbering some 2,000 persons, was held in the Prince of Wales theatre yester day evening, for the purpose-according' to the advertisement-of submitting a programme oi - .-political principles to be adopted at the ensuing | general elections, in order to obtain a liberal and J unitBahraurhjr. in the new Legislative Assembly, j y \ the old ProtectS'jn Leagfie^G^niaiittee, which," however, has been I re"^nlle4 ~and together with some members of , the Land League, is now known as the Central I Elections Committee. A series of resolutions on I f , important political questions of the day had been prepared for submission to the meeting but in the meantime the Ministerial programme: had been announced, and this was considered so' satisfactory upon all points, that the original reso lutions were abandoned, and the mee tin "? unani mously agreed to accept the policy . of "the Go vernment, and to return only such members as would pledge themselves to support it. The meeting, which was both unanimous and enthu siastic, ?was addressed by a number of persons amongst whom was Messrs. Wilson Gray, Don' Everard, and Sinclair. ' Dr. Youl, the City Coroner, held an inquest yesterday,-at Hotbam, on the body of Phoebe bophia Hobson (daughter of John and Ann Hob son), a little girl1 of two-and a half years of age. the caase of whose death was acute inflammation ot the membrane of the brain,-caused bv eating the leaves or berries of the Salamim pseudo-capsi cum. On the Saturday an elder girl, named Elizabeth O'Connor, and the deceased had been amusing themselves by rambling about the gullies ,xn the municipality, and plucking various plants that attracted their attention. O'Connor noticed |hat her companion had got some of the leaves and berries of the nightshade, butjbelieving them poi sonous, had burnt them. As it afterwards turned out, the child must have swallowed some before she had been observed. Shortly after her arrival at home, the little girl-fell-, asleep, and on awakin0, was seized with a fit of romiting. Dr. Bamsdale was immediately, sent for, and administered an einetic, but did hot tind any traces of berries or leaves in the matter vomited. The child was quite insensible, the pupils of the eyes still and contracted, the skin covered with a clammy sweat, and Mi eruption upon the face and neck. Upon death, which took place on Sunday mornin"-, there was, squinting, with one pupil dilated! X ost,mortem examination showed the organs gene rally to be quite healthy, but there was'a greenish fliitd and. remains of leaves in the stomach, and the brain and its membranes were "ready con gested The, jury returned a verdict in accordance with the evidence. CUcrald.J ^At the District Court yesterday the proprietor ?' . T?. ~java'er Phrenological and Physiological Establishment, in Swanston-street, summoned a Mr. John irost for breaking his window. It ap peared that Frost had seen his character, written in large letters, stuck up in the window, and not leelmg flattered, smashed the window and defaced the obnoxious character. Mr. Iiackett dismissed the case, and told the complainant that he might think himself lucky that he had not got his head broken instead of his window. ^Ministerial Dirrn»i;Nccs.-The Baltarat limes has the following respecting Ministerial changes: "Mr. Grant, we believe, contemplates tallowing a similar course to the Attorne3*-GeneraI, bnt has not yet done so. The resignation of the Ministry is believed probable. The cause of this Jisruption m tiie Cabinet has not vet transpired, ibere are various rumours afloat, iione of thc-m founded in luct." The rumour as to Mr. Grant, we believe, has ho foundation in fact. I SroprAHE of Tiiutic os tjir. ItiiHv.ir. Mr. U . handle writes I should feel obliged it \ou would give publicity to this contradiction of ,J.et rt^or "h'ch found its way into your columns ° to-day, with respect to the failure' of a portion ^'^ri tliis and "Woodend last o ' . train1, ran punctually, and no inter ruption wnatever occurred to delay the traffic, ?t He report was so calculated to alarm the public that 1 proceeded with a special engine to Riddell's ureek ; but 1 regret that I was not in town soon enough this morning to contradict in 3'our issue "? t,°'" Vie rci'ort which was circulated laat night. -Argus. 