HOME CORRESPONDENCE. rFrnm our London Corresnondent.l London. ITebuarv 26. The December mail from Australia, vifi Southampton, arrived on tho 18th instant, overland mail preceding it by the usual time. The Queen opened Parliament on the 5th inst., in a speech exactly udapted to the listless indifference of tho public in looking forward to the event. Homo affairs are dispatched in a couple of sentences — one containing the usual formula about the Estimates ; the other pro mising measures for consolidating the criminal law, improving the law of bankruptcy, ren dering easy the transfer of land, und for estab lishing a reform system of voting, but not for the reform of the representation. The rest of tho speech relates to Italy, Syria, China, India, New Zealand, the American disruption, the Prince of Walcs's visit to Canada, aud tho French treaty. There is not a scrap of news »nder these heads, but the references to foreign Powers, and to the military occupation of Syria, have been thought to betoken a lack of confidence in the future in our Foreign Office. Her Majesty trusts that ' the moderation of the Powers of Europe will pre vent any interruption of tho general peace, while she sets out the exact nature of the agree ment enttred into in respect to tho French occupation of Syria with a distinctness which looks as though it were intended as a reminder for tho other side of the Channel. In tho debates on tho address, Lord Derby proved himself by his speech to bo quite con valescent—vigorously censuring Lord John Russell for his lost Sardinian despatch, and the King of Sardinia for his invasion of Naples, and demanding of tho Government whether they had that confidence in tho pacific intentions of the French Emperor which would justify them in stopping that growth of our armaments which were loading the country with intolerable taxation. To this appeal .Karl Granville replied in very guarded terms :— 'He had no hesitation in saying that our relations with France were founded on those principles which he thought ought to govern those- who administered the affairs of a great country — that they wero founded neither on a blind dis trust nor a blind confidence— tlmt the belief of the Government was that when France and England acted cordially together they must act for tho general good of Europe — that it would be very difficult for them to act in concert without acting for Europe's good, and that if they did not act for the good of Europe they would not be acting in concert, but would be taking one side or tho other. The Government were too glad to increase the friendly relations between the two countries.' In the Commons the interest of the discus sion centred on the Reform question, and the disgust of the Radicals found vent in an amendment and a division, intended to compel the Ministry to redeem' their pledge to intro duce a Bill extending tho franchise, on the strength of which they came into office. Lord John Russell fairly throw the subject over board ; saying that if tho countiy had been dissatisfied with the treatment of the subject last session it would have shown it by ' indig r.atian meetings,' but it Was quite dead on the subject. And then, instead of shedding tears over that fact, as Mr. Bright reminded him that he bad last session, he proceeded to say that if the country was so well satisfied with the Bill of 1832 as not to wish to have it altered, he at least ought not to be mortified at the fact. Mr. Bright severely commented on the 'jocularity' of the noble Lord, which, ho said, was ' absolutely contemptuous to those who placed him in that very seat that he might advocato this veiy question.' Mr. White's amendment was, of course, re jected (by 129 to 46); but the fact that it was moved and pressed shows that a schism has commenced between the Ministry and the Independent Liberals with whom they joined hands on coming into power. The effect of this has already been seen in the defeat of the Ministry, even thus early, on a financial ques tion; Mr. Hibbard having carried by a small majority a motion for a Committee of enquiry into tho operation of Schedule D under tho income- tax, avowedly with a view to taxing incomes arising from property and from busi ness on a different basis. Indeed I have heard from the lips of some of the Radical members sentiments which indicate that they do not now care how soon the Min stry are ousted— a fact sure to tell before long upon the tactics of Her Majesty's Opposition, now reinforced by electoral gains at Leicester, South Wilts, Boston, Cork, and other places. And, after all, the reform question is neither buried nor dead ; or, if it be, its ghost walks the earth. Mr. Baines has brought in a Bill reducing the, borough franchise to £6, and Mr. Locke King his old measure for admitting county occupiers to the franchise. Curiosity was excited as to the attitude which the Government would assume, and the scene was lively enough. Lord, Palmerston, in hi3 off handed way, said that the Government would not oppose the introduction of the measures, but they would certainly give no facilities for their passage ; so they must take their chance. Indeed, his manner showed clearly enough his determination to break finally with the reformers. Mr. Disraeli was — what ho has not been for a long time — quite smart, asking what hope there was that ' the hucksters' could do anything with reform, when ' the great firm' have failed in the matter? There are also other electoral questions coming up, as a Corrupt Practices at Election Bill and the Ballot motion, which will yet further discover who are, and who are not, in earnest about reform. Even the Government have been obliged to bring in a little Beform Bill, viz., one distributing the seats forfeited by St. Albans and Sudbury. These it is proposed to give to South Lancashire, tho West Riding, Birkenhead, and Chelsea and Kensington— one seat each. The Bill will probably pass, as it has been read a second time^ — amid the jibes of the Radicals ; and the issue will, it is likely, be that.the Liberals and their opponents will divide the four seats between them. Ecclesiastical questions will this session excite the liveliest interest out of the House, and occasion most discussion in it. Tho first great battle on Church rates is to bo fought to-morrow, and it is by no means improbable that the tremendous efforts of tho Opposition may secure the rejection of Sir J. Trelawny's BilL What will follow that it is not easy to predict, though undoubtedly the Dissenting body will be excited to an extraordinary degree. The Abolitionists hare just held a Conference in London, at which nearly 800 persons wero present, most of them from tho country, and representing 330 places. They have also commenced a fund of £3,000 to carry on tho war. There are, besides, discus sions yet to come on Church Rate Bill3 brought in by the Duko of Marlborough, Mr. Hubbard, Mr. Alcock, and Lord A. Churchill. The deceased wife's sister question has also come up again ; and there are Bills permitting Dissenting ministers to officiate in church yeards, and Dissenters to act as trustees of endowed charities; and also abolishing the Municipal declaration taken for the protection of the Church establishment. That the Government mean to carry their Bankruptcy Bill this year ia proved by the promptitude wjt,b, wjjicfj it has been brought ), and the fact that it has not only been read second lira--, but lias made considerable prc ress in Committee. It i?, however, a less mbitious measure than that of last year, being n amendment and not a codification of the listing laws. The main difference between he two Bills is in the reconstruction of the .fficial machinery, the leading principles of the Irst Bill being retained in the second. Thus jr Sir Richard Bethell ha3 kept bis temper idmirably, though, to be sure, it has not been nucb tried yet. The memorial to Lord Palmerston for a re luction of expenditure, to which I referred in ny last, was signed by 60 il.P.'s, who, accord ng to one journalist, have been snubbed by His Lordship ' with perfect suavity and de jorum.' He agrees with them as to the value )f a due regard for economy, and 3ays it will ie the duty of tho responsible advisers of tho [Jrown to propose such estimates as may ap pear to ba required for the security of' the State, and to obtain the approval of Parliament ind the country. The Army and Navy Esti mates, already brought in, can. hardly bo re garded as the first fruits of this effort in the sause of economy, for the former show a reduc tion of but £185,995, and the latter of £SOS,G25 ? the two amounting to moro than twenty-six millions and a half. Mr. Gladstone, however, is about to effect a saving in a small way, by altering the remuneration received by the Bank for managing the debt of the country. It now receives about £250,000 a year, and the new rafo will be £50,000 less— a reduction to which the Bank submits, on the condition that there is to be no further disturbance of the ma nagement for 25 years. The Chancellor of the Exchequer has introduced another measure, which is of a social as well as of a financial character, viz., the conversion of all the Money Order-Ofllce3 into Saving3 Banks for small sums. The idea is a happy one ; but doubts aro entertained whether tho Post-Office people will not break down under tho weight of this addition to their duties. Sir Charles Wood is actually basking in a momentary ray of sunshine, he being able to report that nearly twice as much as Mr. Wilson had expected was saved last year in tho Indian expenditure; £6,800,000 being saved in two years. He has also succeeded in ob taining a new loan on .very favourable terms, the amount being borrowed above his minimum, and four times as much as ho wanted being offered. It is required to balance accounts, and for railways and other reproductive works. The French Emperor addressed his Parlia ment tho day befire the delivery of our own royal speech. This year he appears to have had no desire to create a sensation, and so the speech is comparatively tame. It alludes at length to tho recent Constitutional alterations, and emphatically urges attention to the in ternal improvement of France. Ai to foreign affairs, His Majesty declared thr.c Franco does not ' pretend to interfere anywhere where her interests arc not at stake, lib firm determina tion is not to enter on any conflict where the causo of Franco is not based on right and justice,' and, with a glance, it may bo pre sumed, at English alarmists be asserts that ' the first virtue in a people 13 to have confi dence in itself, and not to allow itself to be moved by imaginary alarms.' Two passage3 read very oddly, following each other, as they do. In one he Bays he thought it necessary to augment the Roman garrison in support of the Pope, while he had withdrawn his fleet from Gaeta, because ' the presence of our ships obliged us to infringe every day that principle of neutrality which I had proclaimed, and gave room for erroneous interpretations ;' adding, with curious candour, ' Indeed, you know that in politics people do not believe in purely dis interested acts.' In France tho speech has not given satisfaction, because of the absenco of allusions to Foreign Powers; while here the ambiguous character of several portions of it has been remarked upon, as indicating the in decision which appears to characterize the pre sent policy of the Emperor. Paris gossips have, however, been a good deal more interested in the trial of the Bona parte-Paterson case than in tho contents of the imperial address, the Court having been con stantly crowded to excess. The decision has gone against Madame Elizabeth Paterson and Jerome Bonaparte, her son, who are condemned iu costs. By a curious coincidence, at the same time, an alleged daughter of tho Duke of Cum berland has taken the Crst step to prove her legitimacy. Mrs. Lavinia Oanetta Norton Ryses has been thus for more fortunate than the French claimants. Sho has proved her legitimate descent from Oliva and Thomas Serres, but has now to prove that Olive Serrcs was the legitimate daughter of the Duko. Apparently the French press has not gained much by Count Persigny's promised measures of relief. The Paris editors have been told that they will not be allowed to provide their own reports of the proceedings of the Legisla ture, but that they will be supplied with official summaries of the speeches. They may discuss the speeches, provided it be ' with fairness and without personalities ;' but then the Govern ment is to decido what is fair and what is foul. A practical commentary on* tho resent decree has also been furnished by the ' warning' given to the Courier clu 2)iutanc7ie, and the expulsion of the editor from France — he being a foreigner— for an article which seems harm less to English readers. ? ' The seige of Gaeta' no longer appears in the daily telegrams, for the place has at length fallen. Tho King had given renewed as surance of his determination to fight to the last, and had even issued an address to his late Bubjccts full of promises for tho future, but the fire of the Cavalli cannon became so ' mar vellous,1' and some explosions of gunpowder inflicted so much damage, that tho dreaded hour could no longer be averted. The first sign of distress was the request for an armis tice (February 6) of '48 hours, on tho part of the garrison, to bury their dead. Then a prolongation for twelve hours was asked for, and was granted ; General Cialdini offering to take charge of -100 of their sick, and sending them medical necessaries. On the 9th, the explosion of a magazine not only buried a General and 50 men, but opened a breach at the extremity of the fortifications facing tho sea, and a violent bombardment followed. Then came a demand for another armistice— this timo for fifteen days— and in order to ne gotiate for a surrender; but the Sardinian General refused it, though he expressed his willingness to negotiate. The capitulation quickly followed, and 11,000 troops became prisoners, and between 700 and 800 cannons and 60,000 muskets fell into the hands of the Sardinians. Tho King and his family left in a French ship for Rome, where he still remains, his ultimate destination being Bavaria. The place sufferod dreadfully, and the inmates also, from the explosions ; and typhus fover also had broken out. There have been, very natu rally, great rejoicings at Milan — where Victor Emmanuel was at the time — and other places ; but General Cialdini's order of the day is a model of moderation, concluding thus — 'Death throws a sad veil over all human quarrels. The dead are all equal. Be gene rous towards the vanquished. Your hatred cannot hist. As a soldier, Victor Emmanuel fights and forgives.' Messina will be the next object of attack, unless it be surrendered without a struggle. Admiral Persano has already arrived there to summon the citadel to surrender, and if there be a refusal General Cialdini will join him. In Italy the great fact of the month has been the assembling for the first time of the Italian Parliament. As was expected, the Mazzini party were completely beaten at the. elections, and the Government have a large majority. The King has addressed his Parlia ment, but not in any very new or striking terms ; and arrangements aro now making for getting the Parliamentary machinery into working order. A project of law for proclaim ing Victor Emmanuel King of Italy has been prepared, and the Senate would have adopted it at once by acclamation, but, at the sugges tion of the President, it was resolved to wait until tho whole senatorial body had been com* pleted, there being some informal elections and other temporary difficulties. The reactionary movements in the Roman States have been checked, though not sup pressed. At Corres, on the 25th ult^the Pon tifical Zouaves attacked the Sardinian volun teers and wero beaten, aud the Piedmontese forco has since been reinforced. They have dispersed tho royalists, who had taken refuge in the convent of Ca3a Mali, and set fire to the convent. In Rome demonstrations and dis turbances have become quite common, and the Italian party grow bolder and bolder. What wonder, when the sbirri of all parts of Italy are collected at Rome and are supported by the Pope ; and when the French Emperor has put out through M. de Laguerroniere another anti-Papal pamphlet, which sounds like the knell of the temporal power of the Pope ? This work— entitled ' France, Rome, and'ltily' — lays all the danger at his door for rejecting French advice, which has 'never been wautin-* in respect and devotion.' It states that ' the temporal power of the Pope is actually going through a crisis, the importance and danger of which cannot be disavowed,' and while pro tection is still promised, ' spiritual dominion' is held forth as that alone which Bhould meet the aspirations of His Holiness. Of course the pamphlet has excited a sensation in Pari3. If tho tendencies of Prussia's new King be, as is supposed, absolutist aud warlike, he has eceived a salutary check at starting ; for the Prussian Chamber of Deputies has, after six lours' debate, carried by 159 to 146 votes an imendment of M. Von Vincke :— « That we do opt consider it to bo either in the interest of PruMia or in tho interest of Germany to place obstacle in the way of tho consolidation of the Z \ ? f7' , The imP°rtanco of this vote may be judged from tho fact that the Ministry at once resigned their seats, though the King refused to accept tho resignations, and the Government ,ournals at Vienna expresa great indignation, and connect the event with a design to exalt Prussia to tho headship of a German empire. Austrian prospecU do not improve in respect to Hungary; that is apparent from tho fact that martial law is likely to be proclaimed in that country ; and while all the Hungarian troops are being moved to the' extremities of the empire, an Austrian army of 80,000 is moving towards the frontier. The boldness of the Hungarians docs not diminish iu tho face of Austrian threats. Ono of the Comitats — that of Gosner — demands that the abdication of tko lato King Ferdinand should ba commu nicated to Hunsarv before the coronation of Francis Joseph as lung of Hungary is decided on, and declares that tho King must reside in Hungary. Tho municipality of Pesth has also demanded the dismissal of the Ban of Croatia and the appointment of a Hungarian in his place. - The inundations in Holland have begun to abate, but not until there has been dreadful suffering and loss of property. Nearly 40,000 cultivated acres have been submerged, and some villages have been entirely swept away. The King has ju3t been visiting the inundated districts, wher-3 ho has won afresh tho affections of his subjects by his kindness, he not only ex pressing sympathy, but handsomely heading a national subscription. In this country we have mild weather, but frequent gales of wind, which have proved very disastrous. On shore, tho spire of Chichdter Cathedral ha? sunk into tho' building, and a wing of the Crystal Palace lias been blown away. On the 9th instant the losses wero fearful on the north-east and tho west coast, upwards of 210 vessels being reported at Lloyds ns wrecked or stranded. Some of the ships were large, and contained very valuable cargoes, and, of course, life has been lost as well. At Kingstown, Ireland, a melancholy catastropho was wit nessed, la attempting to aid one of the 16 vessels lost off there Captain Boyd, of Hill's ship Ajax, with Id- of I113 crew, was snopt into tho boiling waves, and immediately perished. But columns might be filled with the detals. Tho Syrian question has come up again in a discomforting shape, reports being rife of fresh massacres, and these being made a reason for the combined occupation of tho country by tho French. Turkey demurs to this, and tho ques tion is referred to a Conference ; but Russia, Austria, and Prussia have already notiQed their adhesion to the French proposal, oh the ground that the Christians are still oppressed. Complaints aro still made of the unfuir cha racter of tho trials of the Druses now going on, and Lord John Russell's statement of facts painfully illustrates the fierce antipathy of the two races :— ' According to tho report of Lord Dufferiu, Fuad Pacha, having asked t'.io Bishops of tho different Christian sects how many of the 8,000 adult males in that part of the country ought, in their opinion, to be put to death in expiation of tho massacres which had taken place, tho Bishops, by their signa tures to a paoer, required that no less than 4,600 of tho 8,000 should be executed, and it was with great difficulty that Fuad Pacha and the Commissioners got them to reduco their demands to 1,200, which they said was tho lowest number that ought to bo sacrificed.' Tho China news is little, but good, two in stalments of tho indemnity money having been paid, and tho natives at Teintsin showing themselves to be very civil, and ready to adapt themselves to foreigners in a wondorful degree. Ex-Judge Ualiburtou has raised in Parlia ment tho cry of grievance as regards tho colonies, by denying tho power of the Court of Queen's Bench to issue a mandamus. Mr. Collier said it wa3 tho almost unanimous opinion in Westminster Hall that the Canadian Court is wrong in its law, while Lord Palmer ston made the more practically important statement, that tho Canadian Govcrnor-Gbneriil had been written to not to surrender Andersou without positive instructions from home, and said that he thought that no good case had been made out for the surrender under the provisions of the treaty. Tn Canada proceed ings have been taken in the Court of Common Pleas, and Anderson has been brought up ou a writ of hahca8 corpus, with' a view of ob taining his release on technical grounds, the commitment being alleged to be informal. The case has been argued but not decided. The moss extraordinary circumstance is, that the Canadian Government have employed counsel to oppose tho man's discharge. From the slavery case in Canada ono natu rally turns to tho far greater slavery question in America, where events aro moving with tho same decision, though not with the same rapidity as they did a month ago. Tho Seces sion Ordinance was passed in tho Louisiana Convention by 113 votes to 17. The Georgia Secession Ordinance has been formally signed, and'Texas also has seceded. As yet there has been no bloodshcdding, and tha first and fatal bloV has not yet fallen. Governor Hayno, of the Florida State forces, has told the President that ho will not attack Fort Pickens, and that tho Southern States will avoid a collision. Virginia has appointed Commissioners to meet tho representatives of other States with a view to an adjustment on the basis of the Crittendcn propositions, onH a large deputation from New York has been to Washington to afford facili ties for a compromise. But 'compromise does not now look very likely in the face of tho fact that a new Southern Republic has been orga nized at Monsomerv. tho Convention of seceding States having a President (Mr. Jefferson Davis) and Vice-President and a Provisional Constitution, to last for a year. Mr. Lincoln, abo, has juat been delivering a firmly-toned speech, in which he said : — ' But if the United States should merely hold and retake its own forts and other property, and collect tho duties on foreign importations, or even withhold tho maiU from places where they wore habitually violated, would any or all these things bo c invasion* or 'coercion?' ' Ho also denies tho right of a State, any moro than of a district, to secede. Yet, on the other hand, Senator So ward has presented a petition with 38,000 signatures in favour of concessions to the South. Meanwhile the commercial and other difficulties which belong to a Btate of political disorganization art begiuuing to develop themselves, and it may be that a fore tasto of the miseries of disunion may cool the ardour of those who have been crying out for secession. While the political Bky looks clearer than it ha3 done for some time past, tho aspect of commercial affairs is somewhat lowering. With the Bank rate of discount at 8 per cent., trade must needs find itself crippled ; and other causes aro combining to depress business in tho midland and northern districts. At Black burn, in Lancashire, an operative* strike in resistance to a reduction of wages is likely to occasion distress and trouble, and, generally, there is not that looking up which is usually characteristic of the approach of spring. There ha3 been prodigious excitement in Paris because of tho arrest of M. Mires, tho banker, railway director, and contractor for tho Ottoman Loan. He has risen* from a low to a high financial position, and two of the Paris newspapers, the Pays and the Consti tutionnet, belong to him. He was taken from his^own drawiug room, where he had a party, straight to prison, where he now is. But why, exactly, this happened the Paris public does not know, and seems afraid to ask. There is a rumour of a deficit of .180 millions of francs in the Caisse, and other great people aro expected to be compromised. Hero a sensation has been excited by the discovery of another B,ank fraud, by a device which may be placed in the same category with that of Pullinger's. One Durdeu, ledger keeper at the Henrietta-street branch of the Commercial Bank of London, has robbed the Bank of between £60,000 and £70,000, and, to prevent a run on the Bank and ruia to the property, the Directors at once made over their business to the London and Westminster Bank. Tho plan adopted wa3 a simple one ; the delin quent entered in the ledger smaller sums than were received to the credit of some of the cus tomers, and carried the balance to an account in the name of a confederate. He had not had a holiday for years, and it was only his absence from illnes3 which brought the fact to light. As tho Bank had a reserve there is not likely to ba much loss to the shareholders. Somo bitterne33 of feeling ha3 been excited in Catholic circles— a feeling shared in by many Protestants— by the resignation of Mr. Turnbull, of the Record Office, on the ground that for 18 months past certain Protestant Societies have been labouring to produce in tho public mind tho conviction that his employ ment in calendering important historical papers will afford him an opportunity of doing damage to Protestantism. An influential deputation of antiquaries and literary men— all Protestants ? aaa waited on Lord Palmerston with a me morial, praying, on public grounds, that the resignation may not be accepted; but his Lordship has refused compliance with, the re quest in so un-Palmerstonian a manner as to . '. have occasioned some surprise. He does not regard Mr. Turnbull's being a Catholic or a convert from Protestantism a3 being a disqua HCeation for tho offioe, but ho thinks him 'a fanatic,' and on that ground looks upon tho appointment as an injudicious one. Tho mat* ter will not rest here, as the Marquis of Nor manby is to bring it before tho House of Lords — Lord Shaftesbury leading on the other side. Tho odium theologicum also agitates certain circles, in connection with two other events, likely to be talked and written about for somo time to como. Just &i; a new edition of tho ' 'Essays and Reviews' is issued there cornea out a protest, signed by all the members of tho Episcopal Bench, declaring the contents of tho book to be opposed to tho principles of . ? » tho Bible and the doctrines of the Church, and t pressing wonder how the authors can re- ? ' ' coneilo the fact of authorship with their sub scription to the articles. A clerical declara tion is also being signed, and convocation may perhaps condemn tho book. A prosecution of the writers in tho Eooksiastirail Courts is also said to be under grave consideration; but it may safely bo predicted that nothing is likely to como out of a movo of that sort, except the \ . increased sale of the book. The legal diffi culties in the way aro insuperable. The other incident is a scandal occasioned *- '^ by one of the first acts of the now Bishop of _^k Durham (formerly the Rev. H. Montague WS^ Villiers), who has just presented a living worth ^^ about £1,400 a year to his own son-in-law, who has not been long in the Church, and has no claim to so glittering a priza. The indig nation of the High Church party in particular is very great, and the Low Church party are ? ? likely to be much injured by it. Another potentate, of a very different charac ter, has also been guilty of what, in political circles, is said to be worso than a crime — a blunder. Tho Times has taken advantage of a private subscription, which has been got up by some Glasgow merchants, to express their ? ' acknowledgments to Mr. Cobden for his ser vices iu negotiating tho French treaty, to repre sent that gentleman as being in financial ' difficulties, in consequence of his imprudent investments in American railway shares ; and it recommends that his friends should take care of him. The subscription is spoken of as tho third which has been raised to got him out of financial scrapes, and the whole tone of the article is offensive in the highest degree. But it turns out that tho Times is as wrong in its facts as itu animus is malicious. This is not a third subscription, aud the Illinois Railway Com pany's property is looking up; and, more over, it is stated that tho Times editor and somo of tho writers have themselves invested in the same Company as ' tho inspired idiot ' of free-trade. To mako matters worse, the Times has published tho Glasgow circular, which not only docs not bear out its state ments, but is marked ' private,' and expresses a hope that the matter will not bo alluded to in the press. The impression produced on tho public mind is vory decided against the Times, but, so far as Mr, Cobden's own feelings nro concerned, tho mischief has boon done, for A that gentleman has written ovor from Algeria W~ declining to receive the fund. The simplicity of Mr. C.'a letter is most characteristic of the man : — ' I drew upon tho Government for my expenses during the timo I was in Paris, and have, therefore, incurred no pecuniary sacrifice for which I am entitled to reimbursement. As for the services- 1 rendered in connection with tho Treaty, they wore a labour of love, for which it would* be painful to me to accept compensation in any form, or from any quarter.' 