ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. To the Editor of the Advertiser. THE WINNERS OF THE THREE DAYS RACES. SlR,—It has been the invariable custom or some clarrvoyant correspondent or other to prognosticate the result of thethr>e days racing which on ordinary occasions take place and lbs winners of the various races, but it must indeed be a bold man who wcuid venture to predict the winner of the Tasmanian Champion S w> epstakfB and not only the winner, but the three horses to be placed after bim, also the horses to be placed for the remainder of the races of the whole three d»ys, but bold and presumptuous as the task may he 1 1 will not shrink from coming forward and naming them with their positions for the various raoes. Firstly, then on the programme appears the Town Plate for which ten horses are entered. This raoe will be a very sharp one and the psca will be clipping, I would have little hesitation in placing Attilla as the first horse were it not that he will only arrive on the morning or perhaps after noon of this day (Monday) the very day p-eceding the raoe, I must therefore reluctantly substitute Yabberty for bim, who I believe will win the race, with ForeBt Deer for the second horse and Sauoy Dick if in condition as the-third 1 he next raoe is the Great Race of the meet, vie the Champion SweepitakeB, and to use a well known sporting eharaoters phrase it will be the most desperate race ever ran in the southern hemisphere. For this race thirteen have declared to start and every hone appears to be in good condition. I cannot surely be accused « prejudice when I name MKBR1MAN (if in condition) as the winner of the race With Tally rand second and Panic cr Ben Bol (Iprefer the former) third. I should have placed Mormon fourth, bat I believe he it not entirely recovered from his stiffness, so that I place Kyogle as the fourth and Shelelagh as the fifth hone, but there will be a olose contest up to the very{UsV ano I believe Promised Land will shew well in the race. If the horses are not placed as I have named them, an outsider will win the race. The Spring Hurdle Race I shall give to Bandall with Prince close on his heels and Will If-I-Can third. For the Selling Stakes there are ten entries and I believe they will all come to the acra'ch. T<i ; S raoe will be a puzzler, but I prefer Mr Biackwell'e Melton for tbt first plaoe, Temperance second and Victoria third. For the second day the first race is the Maiden Plate which baa eight entriip. This race I think will b* won by Top y with Royalty Becond and Butterfly 1hi d. The next race is the All Age Stages with twenty-one entries. This race win be a far finer one than the Champion Stab although I do not believe more than fourteen will etarf for it. It will be very difficult to name the winner, for that will depend on the horse that wins the Champion Raoe and how others are plactd. , If " Sir Hercules" would run true I should name him to win (if he starts), but I will name Ben Bolt as first, Forest Deer second, Mormon thiid. If neither Ben Bolt nor Mormon starts I will give the former place to Merriman and the latter to Charles the XII. The Ladies Plate next appears with five entries. I give thiB race to Presto if he runs true which 1 doubt, if not the Lady of th« Lake will take it with Shadow second. For the Shorts there are six entries; if Presto end the Lady run in the previous race (they being entered also in this (ace) I will give it to Temperance with Zoe second, if foot either Presto or the Lady of the Lake (if [they have not ran) will win the race with Temperance second horse. The third day opens with the Tradesmens Puse for which nine horses are entered ; I fancy Shelelagh for this raoe with either Tabberty or i alley rand (if he runs at all) second. The Tasmanian Handicap with nnly seven entries I give to Panic as the first, Ben Bolt as the second, and Talleyrand (if he does not ran in the former race) aB the third horse, if he does I gi*e Mormon bis place. The Publican's Purse comes rext'on the programme, this will be a fine race, there are fifteen horses entered, and of these I think about ten will come to the poet. II Mormou be reserved for this race I wil> place him as the first horse, if not, I give it to my favourite Topsy,Viilh M&iie; second and Presto third. The remaining races being post entries I ot course cannot name the winmrs, but in the whole of the races after the Champion Race the difficulty in naming winners must be obvious, for many of the horses will not start, other may break dowD, or half-a-dozen oth r accidents may bappcK, but I "vould not be surpi i»ed if J turned out a reasonably fair clairvoyant after ail. Next week I will review my prognostications and see whether I do not deserve some little credit lor my original ideaa which I know differ with these of the knowing ones. And remain your obediently, NOV; 30. BUNK BONHY'B GUOBT. 