THE ASSIZES. To the Editor of the Toowoomba Chronicle. "Magna est Veritas prevatebit." Latin Grammar.— Hard Edition. Sir — Fortunate is it for the maintenance of truth that you have been born, or,created or ushered into existence. The D. D., which I shall hereafter call the doubly doubtful Gazette, emulating, but not even approximating to, the Ghost of Jeames of Buckley Square, has thought proper to announce to a curious and inquisitive public certain supposed facts connected with the peregrinations of the learned legal luminaries of Queensland in their erratic flight from the civilised districts Toowoomba- wards, but, listening to the communications of that great liar Rumour, have been as usual misled by her, for a "rummer" account that rumour has given can hardly be conceived. Now, Sir, listen to the narrative of this D. D. He says : — " His Honor Mr. Justice Lutwyche and Mr. Abra- hams, the Judge's associate, arrived in Toowoomba on Sunday, and put up at Mole's Hotel." Now, to pass over the grammatical construction of this sentence, the first part of which might lead ignorant persons to believe that the Judge's asso- ciate might be some other associate than that of Mr. Justice Lutwyche and the expression "put up"— that these gentleman shut up or even opened umbrellas, or hung up their castors at Mole's — the statement is not in accordance with facts. Mr. Abrahams, like that important personage who at- tends the juggler in the villages, went before to clear the way, and arrived on Saturday evening at the "Mole" hill. His Honor arrived" on Sunday, ac- companied by a more important personage, without whom his Honor's heaviest sentences would be futile, as he generally conveys to the convicted the "latest noose" of the day— Mr. Sheriff Brown— a gentleman the D. D, altogether ignores, and does not even mention. Next, the D. D, says: "The Hon. the Attorney General and Mr. Little, Crown Solicitor, arrived on Saturday, and took up quarters at Mr. Witham's Hotel. The language improves as he descends the scale. A Judge " puts up," Attorney-General " takes up quarters;" so we might expect him to say, when he comes to t'other chaps, they got a " shake down" at "Dare's crib." However, wrong again in fact: These gentleman arrived on Friday. Next he says: " Messrs. Blakeney and Jones, and Chubb, also arrived in the course of Saturday and Sunday." So far this is correct, that the former gentlemen arrived on Sunday, and the two latter, who accom- panied Mr. Abrahams, on Saturday ; but where have they "put up" or "taken quarters." Would no one take them in, or were the people afraid they would themselves be " taken in.' I heard a ru- mour that at a certain "very civil sittings" held after dinner during these assizes, one of these limbs of the law was indicted for having no visible means of a livelihood in Toowoomba, and that he suffered the penalty usually attaching to such offences; and perhaps the D, D. is right, and these poor people had no "local habitation," as Shakespeare says, and very had names. I think the first named gentleman did Dare what man Dare, and follow- ing up this idear, went to J. Dare and was well re- ceived, and found a Sovereign remedy; and the others, not to make a mountain of a Mole hill, were seen mounting the hill to Mole's. As to the little Ipswich frit, I'll be bound he found his way into some congenial element, though I don't think the Swamp water would suit his habits unless there was some- thing mixed in it. Now we come to the Sheriff— poor Brown! Shade of Mark Anthony! where was he? I made en- quiries and I heard, though I will not vouch for it, that with a feeling of commiserating sympathy, the lockup-keeper offered him and his fidus achates, Davis, the man who fills the post of honour to the Sheriff, viz., his bailiff, or as vulgar persons call him, "his bum," gave them a shake-down in that cottage ornée situated on the south side of the Swamp, where they do say folks sometimes; do pen- ance for trivial faults. As I said before, I don't believe this, as he is not a man likely to be done Brown for want of good accommodation for man and beast. And now I have set you right as to the facts of the movements of these Important personages, I trust you will continue to he salubrious, and that the D. D. will take more care correctly to chronicle "coming events." Wishing you every success with your undertaking, I am sir. yours truly, THE SHERIFF'S PONY. THE VICTORIAN EXPLORATION EXPEDITION. — Mr, Brahe, who was left in command of the depôt at Cooper's Creek on the 10th December, by Mr. Burke, is the bearer of the sad intelligence of prl- vation and loss of life which has attended this un- successful attempt to cross the continent. Dr. Ludwig Becker, and Messrs. Purcell. Stone, and Button have fallen victims to scurvy and dysentery, and Mr. Burke (leader), and Messrs. Wills (second in command), King, and Gray had not returned to Cooper's Creek up to the first week in May, after having been absent five months with only three months' provisions. Burke and his party left Cooper's Creek on 16th December, with six camels and one horse, making for Eyre's Creek, and intending from that point to start direct for the Gulf of Carpentaria. His statements to Mr. Brahe were, that he should be back in three months, that he should proceed cautiously, and that he should run no risk. Mr. Burke's companions had every faith In his leadership. Those left behind were eager to accompany him, His instructions were that Brahe was to remain at the depot for three month, or longer If the provisions would admit of it, and then, If unrelieved, to return to Menindie. Brahe erected a stockade, and waited patiently at Cooler's Creek until the 21st April, when, hearing nothing of either Burke's party or Wright's contingent, and finding his companions overcome with sickness and privations, he commenced to retrace his steps towards Menindee. The provisions taken by Burke were, 3 cwt. of flour, 50 lbs. oatmeal, 50 lbs. rice, 100 lbs., jerked horseflesh, 100 lb, bacon and salt pork, and 30 lb, biscuit. Opinions differ greatly as to the route which he has taken; but a strong feeling of hope exists that he has made for the Burdekin, and that intelligence of his safety may come to us by way of South Australia.— "Correspondence of the S, M. Herald." The Municipal Election at Warwick has resulted as follows: — Mayor, J.J.Kingsford; Aldermen: Messrs. Thomas M'Evoy, William Craig James Morgan, James Allen, George Kennedy Dr. Aldred, Captain Daveney, and Mr.P. Fleming. Alderman Kingsford having the highest number of votes, was unami- mously elected Mayor. The forthcoming races are causing a great deal of interest. There are some eighteen or twenty horses In training. Euclid is at Canning Downs, and is well spoken of. Mr. Blair's trio— Van Tromp. Charles I., and Mi- randa are also getting on well. Besides the above, Huntsman and Risk are in training at Warwick.—" Ipswich Herald" of Tuesday last. AWFUL OCCURRENCE— It is stated that on the 20th March an earthquake occurred At Mendoza, in South America, and not a single building escaped injury, while by far the larger portion were totally in ruins. One account says that 6000 to 8000 lives were lost: another estimates the number killed at 15,000 — being about two-thirds of the population. Out of 150 nuns only 30 escaped, and one of the churches fell in, killing every person within its walls. The aspect presented by the city after the first shock, (which lasted five or six seconds,) was terrific. Minor shocks followed for three days, Hoarse subterraneous thunders deafened the air; animals of all kinds rushed frantically through the open spaces howling; the earth vomited forth floods of water; while, to crown the scene of horror, flames burst from the ruins and consumed nearly the entire business portions of the city, with its dead, dying and wounded. Two other populous cities. San Juan and San Luis is said to have met a like fate. The Juan river, after the shock, left its bed and swept over the town, destroying what the earthquake had left. A Mr. John Taylor, who imagined he had a snake in his stomach, lately died at Roscopal, Wisconsin, from starvation. He attempted to starve the snake out, and had touched no food for twenty-seven days. Eight miners, on their way to Lambing Flat, were lately robbed by three armed men, who represented themselves as being a police magistrate and two policemen. 