LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Tux SPEAKER took the ohair at twenty-five minutes past three o'olcok. . ; SWORN MEMBERS. The following members took the oustomary oath and their seats:-Mr. Daniel (Wellington). Mr. Cummins (East Macquarie), Mr Meston (Tenterfield), Mr. Gray | (Kiama), and Mr. Layoook (Central Cumberland). . PETITION. Mr. PARKES presented a petition from Mr. John Campbell, praying for leave to introduoo a private Bill with reference to tho disposal of certain trust property. Petition reo ired. PICTON RAILWAY EXTENSION. Mr. SHEPHERD, without nutioo, asked when the railroad to Picton would be completed. Mr. ARNOLD stated, in reply, that he believed it would be oom pleted within oontract time. ADDRESS TO THE LATE GOVERNOR-GENERAL. . Tee SPEAKER reported that, in oompony with o hor membera or tho Houso, ho had proaented to his lix oellenoy, tba late Governor-General, on Saturday, at tbe Lnveo, tho farewell Addross, agrood to by tbs Uonse on Friday avoning, and that his Exoollenoy had mode . suitable inply. [Tho Address and reply appeared in the columns ot tho Fmplre on Monday.] THE SYDNEY GRAMMAR SCHOOL. Mr. PARKES asked the Colonial Seorotary,-" Who. thor, in ri'iorenoo to the letters from the Colonial Secre- tary's Olfloe, of August 0, and September Lt, re «protively, requiring from tho trustees of the Sydney Grammar Behool a fuller roport of tho progress of that; institution, any tuoh fullor report his been reooivod by ? hs Government? and whother any steps have been, taken by the Government in referee co to the statemont: ! ihat'he had eonvenod meetinga of the trustees on the I 7th. August, »od alb, 7tb, lath, and 80th geptpmber. .nd that tub mealing bad UpMd for want of . .qnnrum f" '.«,Mr. COWPER said that no fuller report bad been re» calved by the Government, and no steps bsd been takes with referenoe to the letters. Döring last year, a very olese inquiry bad taken place into the management of this institution, and tbe report stated that the general management of the school by tbe trustees and the mas« tera who are oondueticg it ÍB efflotent and in every wsy worthy publio oonfWence.; SB also that every informa- tion bad been afforded by the periodical,reports. Under these oironmBtanots, the Government did not see the need of immediate inquiry. He would however promise "that "ïhe oonduot of the trustees should receive the eon-. sideration of .the Government. ! " I MESSAGE FROM THE ADMINISTRATOR OF ! THE GOVERNMENT. ' The SPEAKER reported the receipt of a message from his Excellency tho ' Administrator of the Govern : mont, announotng that his Excellency bad been formally - sworn in on the previous d»yr and stating'that his Ex- cellency now tock the earliest opportunity of making the Legislative Assembly Bwore of the ciroums'nnoe. , The message was ordered to be printed, i TELEGRAPH FROM SINGLETON TO MUR. . BURUNDI.- , o_ . Mr.-DICK asked the Seorotary for Publio Worke " Wbat is tbe reason of the delay in tbe completion of the eleotrio telegraph from Singleton to Murrurundi ?" . Mr.' ARNOLD waa not aware that tbexóihad been any extraordinary- delay. The contract bad been taken in August last, to ba completed in . twelve1' months, acd there was every reason to believe it would :be>i completed within that time. .". I .M.IJ THE REGISTRAR.GENERAL'S CHIEF ? CLERK. Mr. DICKaBked tba Colonial Seoretary'-"Wbetter tbe Government are aware tbat . the Chief .Clerk of tba BegiBtrar.General'a offloe praotises as an'attorney for bis private advantage?:' ?' :' .,. > . Mr. COWPER was not aware that the Registrar-Gen aral's Chief Clerk bsd praotised as an attorney. That gentleman had addressed a letter to the bead';of'. bis de» pirtment, whioh he (Mr. Cowper) would read. (Tba letter admitted that althongh not practising aa an attor- ney, the Chief Clerk eieouted som s private i work in bis: own time, and expressed o b»pe that'os.'the writer did not infringe on offloe hours, his oonduot would not be, look« d upon aa a breech of ditty.) ?>..?.'.'".?". INQUEST ON THE LATE CHARLES HALL. Mr. U UIVER asked the Colonial Seoretary-"Whether it is the intention of the Government to oause any ii.quiry to be made relative to the oonduot of the City Coroner at tbe inquost held upon the body of.Charles Hall ?" Mr. COWPER raid the depositions had , been laid before the Attorney-General only last night/ and were nowñindor his consideration. r' "" WESTERN RAILWAY EXTENSION. Mr. DRIVER asked the Seoretsry for Publio Works "Whether it is the intention of the Government to place any, and what sum, upon tba estimates of ' the present year, for the extension of the Western Railway ?" Mr. ARNOLD referred the honorable member to tbe large sums plaoed upon the railway estimates laid on tbe table last Parliament, to enable the'Government to pro vide the Western distriots - with tho moans of' railway transit, ss follows:-£525.000, Penrith t6 Wellington; £150,000, Blacktown to Windnor and Riobm'ond ;: Mudgio to Northern Line, £420,000 ; Mudgee to Wellington Ü160.000. Total, »61,102,000, V. .' ; , ' Mr. CUMMINS rt TramroadB. f Hear, beor.) . LEGAL AND SOCIAL IMPROVEMENTS.. Mr. WALSH Baked tbe.OoloniarSeoretory-"What measures, baring for tbeir object Ie'gal arid" sooial im- provements, ara intended to be introdaaed by tbe Gov eminent during thin 'session ?" ' ? . ; Mr. COWPER Btated that the Government bad the fallowing measures under consideration :-Amendment of tbe Gold-fields- Management Aot, Aot for dealing with 'the Management of Coal-fieids, Aot for Care and'Custody 'of Criminal Lunático, for Relief of Trustée»,.for Amend, ment of the Low of Real Properly, Impounding Amend mont Law, Amendment of Publioane' Aot, the Customs, Municipality and District Courts Aol, and-Insolvent Aol. \- " PUNT ON THE WILLIAMS RIVEB. - Mr. ALLEN asked the Secretary (or Esnds-V Whether the Government will put ,a sum of money, on the E-iti mates for ISSI- to put . pant on the Wil/iams River, at Clarenoe Town ?" - , . , ., ' , ,' , . , Mr. ROBERTSON said that at tba time the Govern, ment prepared the Estimates for 1861,'they, had this matter under consideration^ and came to the conclusion that as ,-there was a very good ,ford , at the point indicated, there WBB nb neoessiiy to plaoe a sum upon tbe Estimates, for 1801, for that purpose. . Aa there were large sums of money on the Estimates for other . works in the same district, be thought it unnecessary to make provisions for this, bat would, do so in the Esti. metes for 1803. ,.. , ,-,',','.,.;-i REGULATION AND VENTILATION. OE COAL MINES. , ,|.ir'. . , Mr. LEWIS OBked tbe Minister for Lands " 1, Whether » memorial was . reoeived by tbe Government, in November last, from . the aoal miners of the Hunter River district, relativa to tbs' better regulation of ooal mines in this, oolony?'- 3. If so, what steps the Government intend to toke in reference tbSlr'ltb'BEBTSON said -the memorial bambeen pre. seated .to tbe Government, by whom, it was determined to bring in a Bill to carry ont tbe matter referred to in the prayer of the memorial. . PALISADING AT SYDNEY BAILWAY STATION. Mr. LUCAS asked the Seoretary for Pabilo Works i " 1. Whether tbe palisading now in the oonrso of con. :strootionat the Sydney B iii way Station, is being per ! formed by oontraot ?. 3. By whose instructions are ia. ! ferior Amerioan battens being used, when, oolonlal bard, j wood can be obtained at the aime price ?" : Mr. ABNOLD stated in reply, .that-1. The materials fur tho palisading in the course of construction at the Sydney station, were supplied by oontraot. Tho-work was being porformed by day labour. 2. Tbe post» and rails were ot hardwood, and battens of deal. A oon* siderable number of the battons being of an inferior doBoription, they had been onndemnad by the Govern, ment insneotor. Deals had been used for tbe; purpose, beoause they took less time to prepare and were not so liable to twist as hardwood, and when well painted, and not fixed in the ground, they'. were.not. thought objeo. tionable for the purpose. This OIBBS offenolng was invariably constructed of similar materials, via.: Hard, wood posts and rails, and deal battens. MINISTERIAL EXPLANATION. Mr. COWPEB said : ; Sir, I beg to lay upon the table of this House, correspondence whioh bas recently taken plaae between his Excellency Sir William Donison and the Government, relative to affixing the Great Seal of tbe oolony to a grant from the Crown of the eso'ieated lands of: the late John Tawoll ; and in moving that this correspondence ' be printed, I will shortly explain tbo airoumstanoes - out of whioh it has arisen. This ques- tion has been repeatedly under the consideration of tho Executive for. many ysars past, at least twelve years. It has been repeatedly referred to the home Government, and'instructions have been repeatedly sent out by tho Seoretary of State, that this deed should be aa. knowledgod. Without going farther baok than the administration . Of the late Governor, I may state (bot the quoBtlon was brought by bis Excellency Sir William Denison) before tho Exooutive Connell, in the year 1800, and they passed this minute, dated 30th February, I860: ? * " Minute 00-0. . ;.¡ 20th February, 1Í60. " Upon a full and oaroful consideration of this very complicated oase, whioh is not unfamiliar to them, tba greater portion of the papera having been oiraalated among the membera for somotime past, tho Exeontite Connell experisnoe little hesitation or doubt as to tho nature of the advioe whioh thoy ero called upon to offer. In the face of tho Btrongly expressed and xoitorated opinion of tho present law odloers, that it is not com* patent for his Excellency tho Govornor-Goneral to is-ue the grant of the esoheated lands, thoy feel that thoy would not be justiflod in recommending tbo adoption of thatatep; and that it is their duty to advise that his Excollenoy should now transmit ooples of those opinions to tbe Seoretary of State, with a suggestion that the whole question bo referred for tho furlbor oonsidoration, and final deoision of tho English Crown Law Officers. ' " EnwAiin C. MEREWETHER, Clerk of tho Counoll." His Exoollenoy did, in complianoo with that advice,' refer the matter finally, aa it was understood to the Im» portal Qovornment, and requested explloit instructions BB to the oourso bo should pursue. The despatch wal answered by another dated the 8th Septembor la"», In these words : " New South Wales, No. 78. " Downing.street, 8th September, 1800. " Sir,-With reference to your daapstob, No. ST, of tbs let of Marah, relating to the grant to trustées, tor the benefit of his widow and ehild, ' oerlaln prc« porty in New South Wales, belonging to the late John Tawoll, I em directed by tho Seora« tar; of State to transmit to you the oopy of a letter from the Treasury in reply to tba communication whioh was mada upon. tho subjsat to that board ; and in aoeord. anoo with the wish expressed by tho Lords Commission- ers, I am to instruot you to oauso tho draft dood of grant whioh aooompanios tho letter, after filling up tho blanks left for the reoltol of the proooodings under the inqulll. lion, to be engrossed end perfooted under the publio seal of New South Wales, and te be then delivered to the trustees.. i 1< I have the honour to bo, Slr, - - H Yonr most obadiant hnmhla oarvant. , Opon th»», Slr, bi«-Eie*IIeuoy rn1outed[inBtruetions ' issue to lb«. Crown 8olioitor, in «reoonlanee'with tbo 1 (tractions herein contained.-, Thia letter falling'; with -tbe provinoe bf tbe1 Secretary for Land«, who was abo ,tbat timé;not,in Sydney, and who, immediately aftt w'ar'do'rethrned, it remained over until .bia rt toro; ai at a conference with bim, ve agreed, that alter , goii fatly und fairly into the whole circumstance", we cou not «ive the instructions'which bis Exoellenoy tbe G vernor there intimated "MB desire should be, given the Crown Solloitor, and no instructions wera givei His Ezoellenoy repeatedly addressed me, impressing tl consideration of tho .question upon myself, and I roil rated, the difficulties wbiob have been more, fully e: pressed in this oorrespondeaoo-; and Ibis correspondent I will now perhaps attempt to read, ns this is a matti of snrou interest. . The 'question remained, os I hov s'nied, tip to tho 10th cf the present month, when I ri calved from his Exoollenoy a note, of whioh the iollov ingisapopy:- ? ' ' " Government House, 10th January, 1BC0. < " My dear, Cowper,-1 wish te 'bave Ibe onpi of tb deed of grant sent out by the Secretary of State as guide to".the law officers, ' so far as 'the form of deed l the trustées'of'Mrs. Tawéll is conoerned. I also , wan the onpy of the inquisition by. whioh the Crown's title ti the particular lands was ascertained. . .' : '. V/Yours',truly, \ ,'. ! ; ' ; "J ' ' ' . w.','D«itisón. v In Booordanoe with this request these documents wen forwarded to his Exoollenoy on the l*tli¡ whén.I ré. oeived 'the' fallowing note irvin bis Excellency, inti, muling that the attorney ol ihs trustees waa employed 'tb prepare a deed. . Hnnoe ' bis Exoollenoy wrote \ to me, and 1 reoeived the following :- [\, \ , ' " Government House.'14 'Jannaryj 1801. " My dear Cowper, -I have reoeived tho roiomponying deed of'grant from Mr. fiillyard, the attorney of tho trustees of .Mrs. .Ta well, and . having compared it with the draft-sent out by the law officers in England, and with the desoriptlons given in the 'inquisition, I find it toboaorreot; and in accordance, therefore, with the instructions I have reoeived from tbe: Seorotary of State," I have signed it, and now sand .it you in "order that it .mvy have the great seal attsobed toit, after whioh I will deliver it to the attorney of the trustees, and thm g rid of a very disagreeable matter which has been long pending. "Woura truly. Fin Mug mattera were coming into railer a tortoni position, the anbjeot waa very carefully considered bj .myself and colleagues, and tbe whole of tho papers nen /revis wod: and /tilly considered. A little delay took placo, wh'en'ï sent a written reply ; but whilst my letter WOE on the road to bis Exoellenoy, Trees!vód thia noe: - " Government House,'17 January, 1801. ; ? Mydear Cowper,-Will you send back the grunt to Tawoll's trustees with the' seal attoobed to i'. I want to put my initial to an erasure wbiob I perceived in il, and tb band it over to tbe attorney f r the trusteea before 'I go : let me have it therefore at once, for I h »vc al «o to write a despatoh to the' Secretary of State on tbs sutjeot. *? Yours truly, ! .' W. DENIS IN." ! My answer, however to the preceding note was in these words:- ?,.?>? ... . . "lOih January, ISM, ' . . ?iMy,;dear SirV.WHHami-Your^ Kxceilenoy's note of the day^bafore yesterday, together with the deed whi«h accompanied it, have been delivered to me by M'. ' Merewether. To that'deed your Excellency desires me to have thé. groat Beni of the oo!o..y afflxnd, in order that the Instructions of, the Seorotary of State may be ouried ou», and a grant bo issued to tbe attorney of the* trastees .of Mrs. Tawell, tho widow nf tba late John Tàwell, whÖBe property became esoheatod to the Crown upon his ooBviotion ia England, in «bo year 1840, for felony. '?' - ," it is with unfeigned regret that I have arrived at the oonolusion, that I ought not tobe à parly in any' way to the completion of this doouraent.. \ " The transootions to. whioh it han-' reference, bave farmed the - subjeot of very lengthened, and' «labórate correspondence,!.between ibo Imperial and Colonial Governments ; and, np n every oaoaslon, the law offloerfl of tho Colonial Government have maintained, that the course .whioh tbo law advisers- of the Imperial Government have recommended, would be oontrary to all colonial preoedent and proolioe, ill»gal, and unjust. In a lotter dated the 1st November, 18Ö1, Secretary, the then Attorney and Snlioitor-General, Messrs. Plunkett' and Mr. (now Sir W. AI.) M.nning. thus stated tho fania; - "'On the 31st-January, 1840, and prior, therefore, to the conviction ofiJohn Tawell, his real and personal property hi Iiew,Soutb>Wdles woe ponveyed by him to Cesare. Wm. Tawoll ond Wm.JBevan in Hus/, to bbl), if .they Bbonld think fit^nd to apply the prooeoda for the 'benefit of bia «rife and son, and certain other persons. -. "'Ont.. QO (personal estate in England) and his ehaltet IMV,,...., T_ ,'NeW-South- Wales,'..were, by tho Queen'* warrant, .granted to tho samo trustoes 'upon tbe trusts,of the above.doed,and, from tbe terms of the warran^ (whioh .refers to the' abovemsnlioned - conveyance of «the 81st jJannary, 1846, without impugning it,) as weil 'as from .the oorreBpondenoo witbi-and deBpoiohes of, the-Seere tary of State, it is evident that her Majesty .entirely waived ber olaim.by oschoat to the real property itrJInw .South Wales, and that Ihojwme wes to he granted for >tbe benefit of tho widow .and son of Towel), as sonn as ?the Crown's title to it should-Uave boen lound by dogai. .sitlon held in the colony. ' ! .«*0»4he 90th January, WIS, Messr». W. Tawell *cd Wm. Bevan exeoutod and sent out'a power-of-attomay, whioh is now' before us, and of which the vnolosed copy ¡baa been furnished to us, by-whioh, after reciting UKI .conveyance- of 3lst January, 1846, ' »hey ? appointed ?Mesara. Notton and O. C. Turner their attorneys, end dully empowered them, 'jointly and Beterally, for them *ho snidiW. Tawell and W. Bevan ia .their names or in «ile names of . their said attorneys,, or oitlior of them,' to («ll and.diapose of Ibo land« in .ßuealion 'if the said at .tar.neys, oreither of them;' should think expedient,'arid to receive "and give ' receipts .for the purohsse moneys, -'Md in the names .of the , said W. TaweU and W. Bevan and as their : acts and deed«. to' make,' tign, .' seal, execute' and dolivec all suoh releases and.dilsohargae as should, or i might, ba nooossary for etTeotually relsc-ing, conveying, and asaaring such lands unto ¿be purchaser. or pur- chasers thereof;': An inquisition having .hoon held, in the colony by which the title of tba Crown to tho. lands in'question was found, Mr. Turner made -eales cf those lands to varióos parsons (by publia auction we believe) un''nr tho authority of the above pnw«r of attorney. He 'subsequently, reoeived the purchase money; and exe. outed oonveyanoes of ¿lioso lands, and oovonants to en. dcavour to procure .deeds of grant in the names of W. Bevan and W. Tawoll. Those aots were atrdct'y within Mr. Turner'o powers .aa n ' sèveral' attorney.of tboso ?trustees. -After tho «ates, ennliaations were .made to rthe'cotonlal Ooverúmont for doeds of grant in favour of tthe purobaaor», and it io probablo tbot they would have (boen issn'sd* aooordingly in 1810, but for a dliBoully which had-boonrrod to ouritelveo in refotenoe to another «ase of oBohoat, as to tho oufflolonoy of the terme of .the Governor's ooramlsBion. ."?'It wonld now seam that,although somo portions of «he purobase moneys wero remitted to MesBrs. W.. Tawell and,W. Bevan, other '.portions were not so re. milted, but bavo been or are supposed to be lost, through Mr. Turner's roputed Insolvency and emigration io California; and, on ' this ground, MosBrs. Tawoll abd Bevan seek "to repudíalo the aolinga of. Mr. Turner on their behalf, and to glvo eiTcot to soph repudiation by obtaining grants from tho Crown to themselves. "'It is, we need not say, greatly to bo lamented that the widow end son of the deceased 'Tawell ahould ' suffer through tho mls.plaoed confidence reposed in Mr. Turner ; but it appears to us, that acoordlng to «very principle bf rnulty, it ls right, that SB tho loss must unfortunately fall somewhere, it should bo borno by them rather than by equally innooent nurobaBors, who bad nothing to do with tbe seleotion of, nor any oonlrol over, the agent, who was regularly omployod In their behalf. "'Aooording also to well-known principios of tho English Courts of Juslioo, we think it ptain that; if Messrs. Tawell and. Bovan ware now to obtain a legal tltlo to tbi BO lands by moans of a grant from tho Crown, tbey would be estopped in law from . Batting it up, in derogation of doods whioh aro legally as muoh theirs as if they bad executed them in person, and that in equity they would bo onmpollablo to oonvey to (hair vendóos the estate acquired from tho Crown. It muat bo admitted indeed that, as the Crown has not yot formally divested itself of its absoluto power of disposing of property, as it rosy.think fir, tho.application of lhasa prlnoipl's of law and equity might bo evaded, by changing the trus- tees or tho trusts with that view ; bat of oonrse the Crown would not lond Itself to such a Boheme. , "' H a vi h g thus brought tho foots of the ease, as far as fi ey aro known to us, under tho notice of tho Governor General, we have now in conclusion to state, most respectfully, that in our judgment bia Exocllonoy aught not to iaiba the proposed grants to Masara. W. Tawell and VT. Seven, but that tho whole matter ahould bo \- laid again before the Broretary of Stato, togothsr with the: counter applications msdo by tbs several pur ..haaeraV"" ;Y ~ ,,('!aubl/i(iaen^y,on:ihel4lh September, 1864, referring to letters wbiob had passed botwoon the Colonial Seora, lariandthelawofllcors, tbsyagalnenteres loto a very full TÏTI.IJ iMii*. statement.of -.the), whole fnlijsot, »nd,concluded that com muiiioaiion.in the following wordtt;-.. . ? ' - " ' iWitb the ulrong opinion .wo .entertain in favour of : Ibo ; olaiag of ? (be .purchasers, . vre » do not ¡ , think it would 5 be , right to leave them to their supposed rfmedy.in ITquity, against Mrs. Towell's trustees , as grantees. Even ir .in a pro- ceeding in Equity could be msde frantically pfltiotual on either side, it sbould, in oar opinion, be ior thc trustees .to establish their repudiation of, the aots of their agent ; bat wo have reason now to entertain doubts, founded «pou : high legal authority, whether- tbe : equity of the purohaeerB oould bo established ss against the proposed Crown grants. If any such mode of deciding the rights of the parties is to be reBorteú to, we think it should be by an inquiry preoeding the issue of the grant».; '"Our apology for having ventuted to trouble..you nt so very unusual a'length upon this matter,'must be our ho mlle bat firm conviction that, the down would be misled into an aot of. clesr injustice if the grunts were, now to issue to Mrs. 'rowell's trustees, and tbat we feel that the nononr of, tbe looa! Government, has, st . the instance of tbe representative of Mrs. Tawell and ber tmsteea, become pledged to the other claimants'' ' ".Again, on rho 16th February, I860, after further time for consideration, and, in , reply to another communion. Hon from the" Colonial - Seoretary,. they informed the Government that they still retain to:the fullest extent, . the. firm, oonviotion, expressed in a former.letter; and whioh ,I have jost quoted, and they respeo fully requested to be relieve E from the position of ' apparent acquies- cence and adoption, in whioh they should , plaoe them j selves, .if they .were , to give instructions to the Civil : Crown Sotioitor ' to prepare a deed of grant of .tbe pro. porty. .. . : ? .:,> _ '- , " The oaBe'WaB, dpring , my former tenure: of office, re- peatedly under the consideration of my oolleagueH and myself, and we have never varied in tba. view talion by UB:; that view being entirely in n.-cordanoo with the sen- timents of the colonial law officers, as stated in the let- ters cf November, 1851, September, lfc'54, and 'February, ! 1600, Trom .its delicate and complicated obaraoter, I however, and, from the pressure of other matters con I Btantly oocurring with the introduction of re pnnsiblo , Government, no action was talion by. us: but by the , Ministry wbiob snaoeeded tbe subjeot.was brought be : fore the then Grown law oflloers for advioe. Thiai gen- tlemen, Mr. Wise, the then Attorney-General, and now onool the judges of the Supreme Court, and Mr. Har- grave, then Solioltur-General, and now Attorney- General, in-vtcy carefully drawn opinions, expressed their agree ; meot in the law and equity of the ease os originally .given, and maintained through a series of yearB, by Mr. ! Plunkett . and. Sir William Manning. They also, call attention to another point of oon. tiderable importance, , and state their opinion tbat on the grouadB therein fully given, '.a grant of this escheated land would not ba within the powers poBBOssed j by bis »Exoellenoy acoordiug to tbe law in force within ' the Colony.' . They, assert that ; the Constitution Aot does not give him such powers, and that; they, are not a« are of any power vested in the Governor of the oolony i by common or; statue; law .whioh would'enable hie Excellency to maka, grants pfesobeats. In reply to a suggeB'ion in your Exaellenoy's minute of February, 1809, that i the opinion should be referred back to tbe law officers, , with directions to. ,consider and -report upon the mode in which tbe instructions transmitted by her vMaj- ety may be carried into efleot, BO-cs to give to the persons who purchased the 'land. from the ot lor nev 8 of the trustees an opporlunityof applying to a'Court of Equity, to compel the trusters to auläl the engagement ' entered into by the attorney, Jp give to tbe purchasers et , publio auttlon a good title to tbe land, so purchased, they state that ' they -con. ! sider,the,question for their oonaiderajionjs not whether thw.Çunrm oaitgivc instructions, hut whether the existing doouments, wheo interpreted by fixed rules of legal oonstruetion and applied to tbe laois of the' oise, have olotbed the Governor-General with a legal powertt>$rant the esobeat.in.question j' and they adhere to their pre- viously oxpresaed opinion that your Excellency, 'dees not possess ouch legal power;* and . upon being re- quested by your Exoallsnoy to reconsider the. subject, tiley «loo state, «hat they are clrarly bf opinion that, * SB tho mutter now-stands, nothing oan ba done by your Excellency to grant the lands to anyone.' " I would respectfully submit to your Ezoellenoy that tho present position of tbs case is this:-A deed, ipor porti. gtoibo a grant from the Crown; of lohdajn the colony of'New South Wales', has been prepared '.by a private practitioner w thouc having passed through any Government department, or ' having' been verified in ' its ' details by * any bf "those officers ' of tho Government .through whose', hands 'grants of land' 'invariably 1 pass,- - It is proposed ? to .be issuod byiyouriEzoellency upon the authority pimply of instruction» from' her Majesty's Seoretary of State for the Colonies. -' il respectfully submit, that if suob a proceed- ing were to be in any way aided by. the oolonlal autbori-; tise, it would be tantamount to an admission; that grants, of lands ic.'New-South Wales-tuay be made,' hy direction] nf $jfi^0$l*f¿£f^fctetofjih* Cdloniee, ^not on,Ly ¡'',reM opposition. to tho reiterated protests' of the Crown! law ofBcers of-aucoaasive Governments during-a long! series of yf»rc ' ;!l ' ' ? ' ." ¡ ¡ " It is with great deference and respect; that I now, . submit for-the consideration of your Exoellenoy, my; views upon this very important «natter, involving as lt : does, in my bumble judgment, the relative rights of tbe j imperial and oolonial authorities, il assure jour Exoel- lenoy that I 'deeply regret that such a question should I have arisen-at the present moment. ' Nothing 'but ibo strongest sense of-what is duo to the office of whioh I have the honour to hold, 'and ' the Urust reposed In me, would have indiaoediine to raise it at.a time when many questions of greet.moment must be tolaiming your Ex cellenoy's anxious- oonBideration... "J beg to remain, ¿oe, "CitiotEs COWER." ,Aod then,-Sir, I reoeived this reply, dated ' " Government House, Sydney, 17th (January, 1801. " My drer Cowper,-»The whole of thotEtcts relating to >tbe land belonging .to Tawell, and escheated' to" tbe <7rown,; bare been so ?thoroughly dlseaeeed, that it is altogether unneoessaryd'or me to enter upon tbe quoi ition again. ?? : ..? .1 "il would simply observo, that the law officers of tbe Crown who have reporled.epon the'ease.,appear to have assumed to themselves -the power of .deciding upon a matter whioh ought to berbrongbt before a proper legal tribunal, and tbat the .only modo in wbiob this oan properly be done, .is by tho issue, of .a grant >to tba trustees against whom "the purchasers, under'tbe power-of attorney (fivon to Turner could in. stltute a suit in Equity, in order to compel them >tó ful. fil tho covenant entered into atitbe sale as to the oom. pletioo af.tho title of the purchasers,1 . '. You say that the law offloora of tho ' Crown have been unanimous in their opinion on this case; .. 1 onay observe, that tile same unanimity hsB prevailed among the law officers in England, and I.oust confess that j am more inclined to adopt the opinion of the latter than of tbe former; " All this, however, ls betide the ease. I, hiving re*. oeived spcolflo instructions «nd reiterated '. on the . part of har Majesty to caaso ' a deed to be prepared aooording ,to a eortain form, to whioh deiedS am also direoted to oansetbo gre it seal of the colony to be attached, ahatl not ibo justified, if upon the mere opinion of tho law officers bore, (an opinion contradicted by my own reading of the case, and ju variance With that of tho most experienced lawyers in Kagland), I should refuse to oomply with these instruc- tions. lam bound, therefore, to intist tint tho great seal of tho oolony, willoh by my commission is entrusted lo my oharge, should ba affixed to tho document wbioh baa been prepared in acoordanoo with the form and di- rections Bent from England. "I have, however, no wish to mike your refusal to allix this seal ' a ground for disturbing the present poll, licet arrangements. The case is an exceptional one, and oan never occur again. I shall not, therefore, unless aotually compelled to do so, attempt to disturb your tenuro of the olBoo of Colonial Seoralary, hut shall ooroo down to your office and there aulx the great seal to the deed in question.-: i " In this way it appears to me that I shall comply with the Queen's instructions, sod at the same time leave tho political organisation of the Ooverment undisturbed. ' 11 Believe me. vours very trulv. " W. Damson." Wall, Slr, (fas .question of coarse, whioh bad boon raised before waa (ben effectually relied-What la his Exoellenoy'e instructions with reforenoa to tho groat seaM acd what ara the powera of the Cabinet with respect to that (natromont f It would bo convenient if I here quote a passage from tho Queen's Instructions lo Sir William Donison, with regard to bia powers. Tho Instrnotions lay " Now we do by virtue of tho powers In us vestod hereby require and command, that jou do take ipeoial oare that, In making and passing suoh laws with tho advloe of tbs Legislativa Counoil and Legislativa Assembly, the provisions, regulations, rostriotlons, anti directions aontalnnd in the said Aots of Parliament, and also in tho instructions given to you herewith, or In suoh farther instructions es shill at any time herealter be lnuod to you under our royal sign manual and slgnit In that behalf bo stiiatly oomplled with. And we do hareby authorise and empowor you, tho said Sir William Thomas Deni- son, to keep and uae tho great seal of our laid oolony, for scaling all things whatsoever tbst shall pass the groat teal of gut »ali colony," Bis Exoellenoy relied also- on ' Iba.' instructions niven : li erowlt h, , end . snob InitroetloDi is " »ball be liisnod: b renfln"-a oonir^oi that tbey aball ..be atriotly complied with.Í In the in slruo'iona there are some exeepiionp. . HU Exoallenoj ii direofe I tb ; perform this sot with the advice of .tbe Executive Counoil, but there are certain exceptions, 1 allude to the 13 h paragraph. 11 Provided always, thal nothing herein contained >tiall rxtrndr-o prevent your exercising without tho advioe and consent of our said. Oonnoil, the several powers and atilhorities, or any of them, wbiob may be of so urgent and pressing a nature* as not to admit of the delay unavoidably incident ti tho deliberations of ' our enid Council." The Attorney-General. Slr, was of opinion, that in his Exeeifonoi'fl inntrnotlons, the power of using the seal WBB within bis E«ce leooy, snd ibat by these instruc- tions his Exoollenoy hail tbe power to ute it ; but as it hod always been in the oustody of the Colonial Store, tary, and as bo found from r«ferenoe to corstilutiona) praotioe at home, that the seal was in ordinary.oircunn. stances, generally used by the advioe of the Privy Council. Wa felt thero was no sufficient ground to place us within the exception here stated ; and we felt thai though we ought not tn consent to the use of tho seal nnder those particular .clrcumstaiiots ; it appeared to be quito ole r if bia Excellency. demanded the sea), the ministry bad no power to refuse it, I, however, waited upon his Exoollenoy, Mr. Merewether meanwhile having delivered ibiB letter ol the 17tb. of January, and stated that hit would oall in the morning on bis way to Govern. mcnt'Hous'v and reoeive any communication I would maire. In tbe meantime I had a conférence with bis Ex oellenay, and stated I would wait.npon-him and urge what I had to say.. I did wait:at Government. House and stated my : impressions of the oise as 1 did 'before. . His » Exoellenoy < kindly went over all tba . papers, and reiterated . the views he had before expressed, at the sams time stating that ba would sand a written reply, and .then further oonsldor his course when the. wbole matter ahould be referred to ibo Seoretary of State. I suggested that it might be left to the Court of Claims, and then left bis Excellency. The fallowing day ' wse the . Saturday on whioh b¡B Exoellenoy had his levee, and we were al) engaged with the review and other matters ; therefore, it was Monday morning before _whioh I did early on Monday morning : - «'2let January, 1801. ."My dear Sir William,-Referring to the interview with whioh your Exoellenoy honoured me on Friday, I now beg respectfully to state thowiews af rey colli agnes and myself upon your communication ot the 17th instant. " Your Exoellenoy intimntes tbat tbe question regard- ing tbe eBobeated lands of the late John Tawell, ha» bren so thoroughly discussed the- you oonslder it un neoeasary io open it again. And you announoe your intention of coming down lo the Colonial Seore arj'e ofHoe and personally afBxing tbe great seal of the oolony to the. proponed deed of grant. ? "My oolleauuea and myself have j taken into, our anxious consideration' tbe position i>i -whioh snob a 1 oonrse of pr ceding would iptaou tbe Ministry ¡ and we have reluctantly arrived at tho conclusion, that so long as we reman your- Excelle nay's advisers, we Bbould be unable to divest ourselves of. the responsibility of this aa of all other aots of Government performed with our oojnizanoe. . "Wbi'e duly appreciating the expression of your Ex- : oollenoy's desire that the ipoliiioal organisation, of ..the; -Government ahould, not be disturb, d.- and' .bearing in; mind the serious embarrassment , wbiob, more especially . at the.present junature of publio effiirs, would arise; from a resignation, of the "Ministry, we feel that it i woul be inco'-sistrnt -with, a , due.., sense of. the. responsibly properly attaching to us, that, we . abo.uld .oontinue to 'hold outee . during . the ? performance of an' act of which we caunot but wholly . disapprove, and which it ÍB proposed.to carry out by so ' unsual.an exercise of. power. , . , \ ", The proposal whioh >I -submitted for your Excel- [ lenoy's consideration, that tho.cose should bo re.lerred I lack to tho G )urt of Claims, still appears to me ss the; least objeotionable oourso open for adoption. To that, tribunal it wa9 submitted, and tl am not. obie to. learn I that it was formally-withdrawn therefrom. And it may -, not be out of plaoé for,mo to accompany this communi- cation with.a.memorandum wbiob Has been prepared, by the principal TJnder-Seoreiary to the Government, . . gentleman of long oflloial experience, giving a history ol the origin and conttitutlon. of that Court, and of the fnnotlona with wbiob.it is olotbed. , "I remain,Ac,; . i; ' *' CHARLES Cowrsn." .. ? [ENOLOsunn«Ii '.. , " Some years ego the preparation of deeds of grant foi londs piomi-sd by Guvornors of-the .colony waa greatly Jn arrear.,, The.lands wore held, or' oooupled, under Itt ters ar permissions tb Beleot, and dally in Sydney, wilbtut'any claim or title, beyond that aiising from occupation; ' ,'.', ' otherwl»B,",óSt of .the possession pf those who priglnalfy i ....rU4 tbom, or ,to . whom they ,we're promised, and I Owning to the OBBlij, ¡nv»P.olij-, o. »tuanna of thean persons, questions arose as to the proper parties to re- çoive dod fl from the Crown, j ''' .. .' ,' ?V.ä. The partios in possession bad nb legal title to .those lands, but il was Ibo desire of theiGovar'nme'nt of .tbe day to iBsue deeds to Ibo ie who had fair claims to them, hy purchase Irpm tba original holders, or hy ooou .pitioni .and in order' to decido on thane1,'an Aot WOB oh tuined by Sir .Riobard, Bourke, in 1810, for the apoint ment of . Commissioners ', to inquire into the ?whole , oirpiimstanoës .of , eaoh caw, and to delormine, aooording to equity and good omsoienoo, the .persons to receive deeds under the. great seal of the .o lony. This Act was revised by' tbe existing law (0 YYm.tltlj, No. 21-passed in tl630), and the .latter oon tains a provision, that if the persons claiming the lauds, or any part thereof, are entitled, in equity anJ.good oon oolenae, to hold the said'lands, and , to have a grant thereof made and delivered ito them under the great seal of tho . oolony, they sholl report the same, «Ith the grounds thoreof, to the Governor. . ! "il. >On on application being mada for a deed by the parties in possession, if accompanied by, a letter, pro. perly anthentioated, from persons J ment as having' boen promised (be land, 'it baa been usual ito advertise-the intended preparation of the ¿oe'ds, and, should.thora .be no opposition lo do so at'the ex- piration .of a month from the dató af the notioo; but, In tho obsonoe of'suoh a dooument, tho deoeote of itbe original proprietors, or of oountqr .otolroB being ' made the oases were referred to the Commissioners for inquiry and report, as mentioned in paragraph.8. . ".6. The .Governor is .cot bound ta adopt the 'recom- mendation «f tho Commissioners, the .object of whose . appointment Is to aBsiBt the Government in arriving at] a right décision as to tho parties te receive :ho deeds: whioh, BB tho »gal title to the lands is sUHtn tba Uro»n, (tr Binoe the pissing of the Cona itution Aot in tboname of the Crown for tho ooloo)) moy bo ooneldered to be issaed oe an aot of graoo, ar ol Justice and fairness to the present holderB, showing their equltnblo aladras, rather than as that to wbiob any persone have an abBoluto right. " 0. In the cate of Tawoll, sdpposing the laada to he ia this position, and that ho bod no legal title, eitbor to hold or to sell, the proporty might be oonstdored to be still in tho Crown, on behalf of tho Parliament of ibo oolony, whioh hss now the control and disposal of waste lands (or what boro not been elleoatid under tbe seal of the oolony) and tho question as to whom tbe deeds should issue, ono porbaps for the droision of tbs oolofilal authorities, after inquiry and report by tho oom. missioners of Col on H. If favourable to the persons ia possession and adopted by (lin Government, tho deeds would isBuo direot to them and in thoir namoi. " 7. Dut assuming tho whole of tho lands to havo boon granlod under tho soal of tho colony, elthor to Tawoll or othors, and being forfeited by his conviotlon, or oilVnoo, to be now, in eonsoquonco tboroof, ot the disposal of the Crown, at its pleasure, it would atili only be in accord anoe with the spirit of tho colonial law alroady referred to, and consistent with tho oourBo followed where ques- tions have orison on claims to grants for lands, not originally promiiod to, or held by, persons in possession of thom, to doal in tho Bama way witb tilla oaae, willoh alioota property in tho oolony, and tho intorosts of colo, nists. This would also seem proper if tba oolonial BOB), and tbs reoord of tho doods in a oolonial office bo noces ssry. " 8. Thero is another quostlon connootod with tho IBBUO of a dood lor Tawoll's proporty generally, that tho inquisition inoludos land to whioh, under any oiroum atañóos, tho partios seeking a lilla can havo no claim. It has boen stated that thoso to whom lt belongs may other* wiso eatabliah tboir right. To do this, however, would probably nooossitato an expensive law suit, of which they would havo grounds to complain. " 0. A question has also been raised ai to the use of tba groat Beal of tho oolony, Tbo oustody of thin Is given by bia commiui- iouto tbo Governor.Gene'al, but in wbat rcapeots tbo uso of it should in any way be oon. trolled, In oasoa in wbiob the rights of the oolony may i bonifootsd, boa porhaps nevor boen Considered, with ro I forrnos to the existing Constitution, sod a Government rosponsiblo to a looal Parliament. "10. Thero aro some provisions in the commission and Instructions of the Governor, whioh it baa been already admitted by the Seoretary of State require alter, allon, and tbore are other* obviously obsolete and not necessary-suoh as the direetlons for land ofQois, ¿co. It is very likely that some alteration will be fonnd in tba oomraiwlon end initruotloas of the new Governor bot not .. perhaps any relating, to tba se«), ind. otber ibingK, whlrb, in bringing into full operation, the. pre/, Kent.Constitution, muy require ohange, although from the oouiparotively recent introduction of the system of Responsible! Government,-in the oolonies, the. necessity of mah modifications has not Cilberta become apparent. .....18th January, 1861." . .t »ill h.rdly bo , nt OPPBary that I should read this me m'oràndvim,' but at all events,' I may state it hid no »eight with his Kxeell-noy ; and I received in two or t'ireo boars afttr the following communication, It was dateU tho same as the former one : - V Government Houso, 3lst January i 1801. ' " «' My dear Co«per,-The! course suggested by you in your letter 'is not any woy applicable to tbe matter in hand; inasmuch aa Ibo land escheated to the Orswn, on the exeoution .of Tawell, formed part of old grants to aolonists, of the title to which there was no question ; in point of fact, the land in question is now the property of the Grown, and it is in order to bring it under the operation'of tbe law that I issue, as dirpoted hy her Ma- jesty, the grant to tbo trustees of Mrs. Tawell. 'i ' "I think you I'ave deoidcd unwisely, both in refuting to comply with my directions to allix the great ' seal to ihn deed in question, as in so doing you not only in' a ministerial capacity, and assume no responsibility, and el-o in roakingany aotof mine; performed in consequence of positive orders from her Mojosty, a reason fer resign- ing your political position; .> Whatever ooaree, however, you may deolde to adopt, my duty is very olear, and that in to exeaute the deed n's directed. In-order, then, that I may do so, I roust request that you will deliver the great aral tb my private secretary, Mr, Merewether, who will call tor it, and who will retnrn it to the rffioebf the Colonial Seoretery as roon as I have attached the seal lo the deed. ' ; ,-. ., " I cannot but hope that you will think better of the courae to be adopted .by you. Your resÍRr*!ion, nt the present instant, onn only bo productive of delny in carry- ing rut tbs politioa) arrangements of tbe Session; it oannot change or alter'them, " Believe me, &<.«, J ' ; " W, 'DENISON."' Before replying to this oommunioation; I requested ? the: advice of rey colleagues, and daring the time that we felt it convenient to detain the Private Secretary in walting, under the ndvioe of tbe Attorney.Qeneral, wo came to the conclusion that we hart no pnwer to retasa the de- mand of bis Exoellenoy, and gave him the real, author-' ised. I sent tbe seal with ibis communication the same day:: - <. ?.? "SI January, 1801. 1 " My dear Sh William,-Tho communication whloh'T have just reoeived front your Exoellenoy leaven' me no other course to pursue but to tender my resigi ation os Colonial Seorotary. "In giving up thb great seal of the'oniony, in obedience to your Excellency's commands, for the pur poses indioated, I feel that your E'oellonoy calls upon me at the same time to give ap tn; oIHoe. - " My aolleagaes wish ma to state thu they ooncnr ' in thin vtew, and beg also to tender their ' resignations 1 to your Exoellenoy. ? J "I remain, Aso.,1 . >' . .-,'.:(, i "'"'ÛHAnLBS COWPEH." "By the Private Seoretary, by Whom the. seal went to .Oovernment House, : during the afternoon, I received this communication ' ? . . . > " Government House, alJannary, 1801. . "My.dear Cowper,-I return the great Beal after having, perfected the grant to the trustees of Mrs. Tawell. ?'..?..« - ? ?..?ii : '.' Having entire oonfldenee 'in your political admlnis. trotion of :tho colony, I cannot accept the. resignation of j ourself and your oolieagu >a, and TUrnst you will 'nnt be so ill-advised as to mix up. a matter of a oharaoter ,1'xolasively pri ate with the general questions nf interest to the colony wbiob are now pending,» tne only efXiOt of , willoh . would be tn. damage your administration, and diminish your usefulness, i . .' : "Believe me,yours very truly, . ? ..-.'' ",W.'DBKISOK.'* Wei), Sfr,. bis Excellenoy on this day (.Tuesday) left the colony, and I bad no fmther communication with ' him i upon, the subject. beyond, Sir, 1 ' upon my tiling leave . of him, be wished ' me farewell, we ; had no further commun! ion. : . I can only slate that we ¿¡ive his' Ex- oellenoy tbegreatest credit for having aote*d solely under feelings of loyalty. Out of o obivalroue regard to bis suooessor, ho was . determined ibis, matter should he' set-led, and be felt he was. bound to oboy her Majesty tbtough tho ordtr of the Secretary af. State, and that he ought not ito leave a question, the settlement of which had i-xtended.ovcr, so many years, to bs banded over to bis suooessor. I believe, ST, from what l oon under, stand, (bose ware" the motives that actuated his Excel- lency ; and whilst, we.felt beond to toke the coarse'we did, we regretted that after having had an intoroonrso for several years, uninterrupted, by any event, that just ot tho last moment, this event should have ooourrad.: bad Treafiä'us with great aourtesy and confidence, and whilst it was ol eur that he. entertained a strong convie Hon ho wan doing bia duty, we regretted tbat oonolusion. I (will now. only move that the aorrespondenoo be printed, and I,would at the same time;offer a suggestion -that; aa there., is great .responsibility involved in tba i oustody of, tbo;, great seal, seme action should bo talton, to show how ;far under respon- sible 'Government the Qnvernorof tbe colony oin not in the way Sir William Denison baa. felt bound , to. aot on this oooasion. This will be a matter for .serious con- sidération- wbethpr some stops should not be taken to addressibrr Mojesty to modify the ins'ruotions under whioh tho gieat seal is kept, with a view of having sumo oontrol over that instrument-such a control OB would bo constitution il, and as would ,at all events prevent tbe possibility pf the Secro'ary of State ordering the Gjver. nor of this colony to aûlx that instrument to anything which he may think right,to ask the Governor of the oolony. ,1 beg now to move that this address bs printed. Mri WEEKES seaonded the motion, which was agreed to. i . Mr. BEDMAN gave notice of a resolution to the effdot that, the oourse pu'sued by Slr William D ni son was unconstitutional, hasty, and highly dangerous. ,. Mr. COWPEH gave notlos that, on ? Wedcoiday noct be would move for a oommittea to propose sn address to her Majesty, praying her Majesty to direot that the , great seal should not.be affixed except whh the advloo ; of the rosponsiblo Ministers for the time being.. . MEMBER SWORN. The SPEAKER Bald he had reoolved a writ oertifying - the return of John Peisley, Esq., fdr the eleotorate of Orange. Mr. PEISLEY waa thon sworn in, subsoribod the oath of ell'egi 'noa and the roll of members. ! ORDERS OP THE DAY.-ESTIMATES. , ". Tba first order of tho dny WSB then oalled-" Const* .deration of tbe GoTornor.Qonoral'a meBsago No, 3, with the accompanying memorandum and the estimates of expenditure for 18001"-on whioh Mr. WEEKES moved -That tho Sf otkor do now leave tho ohair, and the Bouse resolve itself into a committee of the whole to oossider of tbe supply tobo granted to ber Majesty, for the servios of tbe year 1800.01, and that the Govornor-Getieral'a mosBoge, No. : .throe, with the, estimates, .and memorandum therein referred ' to, bo referred to suoh committee, and said he would bo prepared on Wednesday next to submit to tho House .his financial statement., The closing of-tho accounts at the end of the year prevented his doing this earlier. His object In moving that the House go into committee at that time was to revote tho supplementary estimates for 1880 voled, by the-com mitteo of the lost Parliament, and suoh portions .of the estimates for 1801 as had been voted by the com* mlttee of the last Parliament, Mr. ROBERTSON seoonded the motion. ' , Mr. MORIARTY said if tho honorable Treasurer wes likely lo occupy tho timo of tba o mmlttee long, he would movo that no now business should bo entered upon by the committee after ll o'alook at night. . Mr, WEEKES said hn would detain.the committee a vory short limo. Tbe Oovornment waa desirous to got on with tho estimates aa fast as possible. Tb« question was then put, and carried, end tho Hoaso went into eommitleo aooordlngly. Mr. WEEKES said be had only one motion to sub- mit, and that was amount of supplementary estimates alroady votod hy tho last Assembly, Both in their own Aosomblv and in tho British Parliament, votos onoe vntod wero conaidnrnd lo bo ro-votoi aa * matter of oourso. Ho movod, thoroforr, tbat thora bo grantod to her Majesty a sam not exoocrtlog £00,831 Os, Bd., ID addition to the estimates for 18UO. Mr. DICKSON askod whothor tba last Item in that sam was voted bj tho oommitteo of tba last Assembly f Mr. YV II RICKS : It was votod. Mr. WINDEYER askod If it nos tba praotlee to vote the estimates in globo when they bad not been reported to tho House 7 ' ' ' Mr. WEEKES; Yo». Mr. HAY wished lo know whether he (Mr. Woekos) would pursue the same ooaree in regard to tba estímalos In ohief alrosdy voled. ', Mr. WEEKES said if he did so, ,be would only be soting in accordance with usage; but be did not Intend todo so. . . ' Mr. BOTTOM objooted lo the expenditure of 413,000 on the roads to Kiandra, aa unfair toward tba other gold dlstriots. The Kiandra diggings were'falling. Í , Mr. ROBERTSON said the Government had bean urged on (hoer, hear) by the House to pot down a large ?om for tb« rotdi to ide Kiandra diggings, Th» mona/ was'expended.^a, ?w«a, wr)l, Vnbwp." 'It7,w*sf'nót'V.faot trát.'ttbe.róldalo,',4u'el%.WYair;|q:°FTo)d;flV>ldit bW.,;bet¡h nrKÍroti'd. ' Hil found, thá(,ro\d .Jrorn Bathnr.l ' tn tho gold.fljlo^.better',,'^ road hid btoh'raidá"'fiooV'Tüeu'» to. ilia"Northern gold fields, "... . " '.'. .. , ' '.".'..,' ,. Mr. CUMMINGS'belieYed he str.od a'most alone OD the floor of the House when bo opp'osed the enormous sum'. put down for Kiandra,. .He regretted, that ^ho Government waa. not' a' great deal firmer and not to oomply with the requisition of'the Southern members.' He (Mr. Cumming"); cautioned the Government and cautioned the House..'.j.And be regretted.; to asy that every word he said bad been found to be. true. Part nf the road tb Bathurst was .in a diagraoefal state, , It would terrify a man to look into iL . Mr. WILSON aaid nothing could be proposed for foulh . br the" north, but up jumped western m>n. and prohibited against. lt. ? Kiandra was not a'failure. It was a part of tbe country previously neglected ; and even apart from tho gold.fields would well repay the expendi- ture laid out on the roads.. i " Mr. BEDMAN justified the expenditure made on the Kiandra roads. "Every' body "urged it at tbe time. He bad travelled along the, road before and si noe the im- provement j ao'd could say the.money was .well, expended. It WB .frequently said that gold-fields were exhausted; and afterwards, they completely recovered 'their oberaoter lor productiveness. ,' , '.. '," ' V; , Mr.YDALULElSH called attention to, the item of law expenses in the case of Smith v. Cronk. , This was a private action..', Tho amount was'small, but it was a very KeriouV question. /Both were holding ofBoe under .Government. . " ,, , ',', .' ' , 'j . - , , ', . Mr. WEEKES ; understood' that ea their estimate bad been fully explained to tbe last PorU.ment and passed by them," they" would bo " _' pasB'e'd .', in .the lump.... Fr/fm-- luem'ry , ,ho'. ',w,ri;d !. answer' ..the houirublq ! member's quea'ion., It" ap'peori.'d' that the.Httrbour.tuaBter had «oled'bona fide and in the di - discharge of his duty. The House last session adapted .be view, of tbe Government,'and .'be did not think it 'would be now disputed. , ' , ."" ' . Tne item was paseod. Tho Chairman left tho obair, r-poi tid progress, and obtained leave to sic again to- morrow. ( I'his day.) . , Mr. WEEKES' movod that the resoluslons of the dsmmittee ba adopted.. Mr. BOBEHT&ON; seconded. The motion was curried. , CHOWN LANDS 00 UPATION BILL OF 1801 ' SECOND BEADING. '..''.'. ', Mr. ROBERTSON eaid, when ,his gave the notlo- on the paper, ha was, under the impreaslon thai lt would oomo on after the Crown Lands ^Alienation'Bil*. Ho bad given a previous notloe that the Alienation. Bill I should stand an order oí tbe day for to-day; and having given the notice . first ho. was under ibe impression it would stand first. Ho did not know whose fault it was :' but tho faot wno that, the Crown ' Lands Alienation Bill; stood for to-morrow (thia day), the Occupation Bill for, thal evening. He . apprehended,. it.. would ,not cause inconvenience to any motnbar but himself if he went on with the Bill.. Should the Bill obtain a second read. | ing, and the Alienation Bill be read a, second time tbe' nest day,' ho would so pl soe their committal as .that the Alienation Bill should obtain pre. onVnoe in Com.' mlttee. Mr.'Robertson was proceeding, when . . .. \ Mr: MORRIS rose, and said,'be,'wished to. rein ark' 'that he bad ' noticed that when . tho honor able"' member', .gave ,bis '.'notice , , he , put he O-pupation Bill first, and 'some, boo' said to bira that the honorable Minister for Lands had abme maroauvre ; but he (Mr..Morriu) Haid, " no, he had made a.rniVake." He (Mr. Morrl)-) met tbe honorable gentleman the. other day in tho street, end uslred bim whether he intended to goon with the Occupation Bill..'. .' He (Mr. Rohor(«ni') said) he was ' hot .'prepared lb go on with it. He (Mr. Morris) had left his papers on the subject at home. . ." , ' Mr. ROBERTSON said be was quite sstisfled to post, pone the consideration cf this Bill. , His only objeot'in going on ut presint, notwithstanding this, inoonvenienoel WAS'to save time. He moved that thé second reading of ( the Crown Lands Occupation Bill aland an order of the day for to-morrow (this day). , ' 1 Mr. O'BRIEN seoo'ndëd tbe motion, whloh was put and carried. ' ' ? ' WAHGUNYAH BRIDGE COMPANY. Mr. HAY then moved for leave to bring in a Bill to incorporate a Company, to be called the Wahgunyah Bridge Company, and to enable the said company to erect and maintain a bridge over the Murray River at Wahgunyah. He acknowledged there was a certain ir regularity in this motion. Owing to the premature dis solution of the last Parliament, and the great distance of the place from Sydney, it had been impossible to prepare another petition in time for the present Parliament. The petition presented to the last Parliament was now before the House. If it was necessary to have another petition it would delay the construction of this work for a considerable time, and perhaps, to judge of the future by out altogether, lt had already been decided that it was not necessary to make a second payment in cases like this; and though it had not been decided that a second petition was not necessary; but he thought the same reasons applied to one as to the other. The Bill came forward attached to a petition to Parliament. The re cords of the House showed the House to be in possess ion of the petition ; therefore, the rule requiring a private Bill to be introduced in a petition was complied with. That was the bearing of the Speaker's decision in Mr. Berry's case. The SPEAKER said there was a difference between the case adverted to, and that before the House. A few evenings ago a certificate was produced that the sum of money required by the 67th Standing Order had been paid ; and it was decided that it was unnecessary to pay it again. The 60th Standing Order required that a peti tion must have been received within thirty days of the introduction of a private Bill. Mr. HAY : The Bill is introduced. The SPEAKER: Then why does the honorable member move for leave to introduce it now? The 60th Standing Order is against the introduction of the Bill without petition. There were, no doubt, difficulties in the case; but with the consent of the House the standing rules might be dispensed with, and if such were not the case private business would be brought to a stand still. The House of Commons got over the diffculty in his way, and he thought it would be best to follow this course, and proceed with the Bill. The SPEAKER suggested to the honorable member that the question should stand over for another day. Perhaps the suggestion of the honorable member might remove the difficulty. Mr. HAY considered that no ill effect would follow from rescinding the Standing Order in this case. He thought that complying with those formalities was an obstruction to the business before the House. Private Bills ought to be continued in the next Parliament without the necessity of re-introducing them. That was the course which had been suggested in the House of Commons in Bills of that description. In the Legisla tive Council the rules and orders of the House were sus pended in a similar case. He should move on Friday that the Standing Orders be suspended and the Bill proceeded with. The SPEAKER said that no motion could be made for the suspension of the Standing Orders without notice. Mr. HAY then gave notice of motion for suspending the Standing Order, and withdrew his motion for Friday. ' : ' PETITION OF ALEXANDER BERRY, ESQ. " Mr. MORRIS moved.-"That (he pellllun of Alexander Berry, Esq., presented to thia House on the 18th in. slant, praying for leave lo be represented by counsel and attorney, beforo'tbe soleat committee appointed lo in. quire into and ropert upon tho said Alexander Dorry's Ïotilion, presonted to Ibo late Assembly in September, 869, in rolotlon to the formation of the Shoalhaven municipality, bu printed and referred to the said com- mittee. 9. That tho pctitionor have leave to appear and bo hoard before suoh committee by bia oounsel and at- torney, if ho stall think flt." Mr. T. GARRETT hoped that tho samo privileges would bo extended to tho otbor parties. Mr. MORRIS oould not acoodo to that suggestion. Petitioners must state that they baro somo individual interest in the matter before the Mouse. Mr. T. OARRETT thought other parties who wero affootod by tho potition ought to have a right to appear before tho oommltlop. Tho honorablo member thoo moved an amendment to that efluot. Mr. MORRIS said that if tho partios referred to ap. peered, lt must bo hy petition. Ha should be very glad to support the proposition if brought forward In . regu lar msnner, but could not oonaent that it Bhould bo ad* milted in its present form. The SPEAKElt suggested tbat the batter cours* would be for tho honorable member to give notioe of amend, ment. ' ' The motion was then carried. PETITION OF MR. L. N. KENTISH. Mr. DIOK moved-"Tnat a seiest ooramlttao, with flower to send for persons and papers, be appointed to nqulre into, and report upon Ibo petition of Mr. N. L. Kentish, presented to this House on tho Ord May, 180U. That suoh oommilleo consist of Mr. Daniel, Mr, Lord, Mr. Parkes, Mr. Weekes, Mr. Hay, Mr. Macleay, Mr, Stewart, Mr. Markham, ? Mr. Walsh, and tho mover, Tbat the prooeodinga of, and minutes of evidence taken bsfore tba soloot committee of the last sonakn of the late Parliament, appointed lo inquire into, anti report upon apon' (be : tibio bf. i lils House,''with ti view to being' referred to ; the oàrr m'lttee this day appointed for a similar purpose." This pal ilion arose out of a charge that'bad been mad» hy th« Jcli'rk of petty/sessions at Wollongong'against Mr. Kentish.' "/Ari iiquiry hy themagistrates had b'en nnfavour-ible tb that gentleman, but the matter bad bred brought before'the notioe of the Colonial Seoretery, who had ordered à further inquiry, wbloh had never taken place, on aooount of tbe disposition of tho Honso. He also moved that the eorrospotdunoe bo printed. Tho motion was carried. - '1 PUBLIC PRISONS. Mr. PARKES moved -- " That a select committee be appointed, with authority to send for persons and papers,, to inquire into and report upon the state and manage- ment of the public prisons in the city of Sydney and county of Cumberland. That such committee consist of Mr. Cowper, Mr. Hart, Mr. Morris, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Windeyer, Mr. Lucas, Mr. Walsh, Mr. Sutherland, Mr. Mate, and the mover. This committee had been ap- pointed last session, but as the House was dissolved shortly afterwards, it had never met. There was no alteration in the constitution of the committee, with the exception of substituting the names of other gentlemen for those who had lost their seats. The object of the inquiry was to ascertain the state of prison discipline in the city of Sydney and county of Cumberland. Those two places were men- tioned because all the prisons for penal purposes were situated in them, and it was not intended that the in- quiry should be extended to reformatories and places of secondary punishment. He had spoken last session on the subject, and should not, therefore, detain the House any longer. Mr. COWPER said that he entirely concurred in the motion of the honorable member. The inquiry was one of a most interesting and important character, and he should be glad to assist the honorable member in it by any means that lay in his power. The motion was carried. ' : CHURCH 'ÄND SCHOOL LANDS.- ?-..-?> " i Mr.'WILSON moved for leave to bring in a Bill/ "To remove any doubt tbat may exist aa to the' BO-called Church and School lands being waste landa of'tb» Crown', In 1809, the lato Assembly appointed a oom-, millee to,inquire Into the eu'jeer, and that committee brought up a rep' rt that subb landa were waste lands of thu Crown, but an answer in the negative was returned by tba Governmint. Thei question was again pressed upon the Government und a similar answer returned.. This was a very important matter and should be sat at rest without delay. ' - ' '''J: Mr. ROBERTSON thought ' that this was not . the right time to raise tbis " question. The House would have quite enough to db ibis session without introducing any complications of tba 'land question. If this measure wore intrcdubod it would only ' forve to embarrass the Government; end to'en. dangor the rolutlon of tho Lind Bill when it roaobedlthb other Honsel Ho had nb doubt (hst many of the mern, bera would " be glad' to' disouss'tbo,measure for tho pur- pose of throwing obBtaoles in'the way of'tho'Govern, ment, but be did not imputo that motivo to the honor« able morab'T. Un should oppose the motion.' ' " '?'.' ' Mr. VIDDINGTON could not take tho same' view cf the ease as the honorable member. ' He' did hot thine; that the introduction of this Bill would 'in any'way affect the Laud Billi There wera 000,000 acres of land In 'these reserves, and they ought to come to some deal« sion about them. . . . . * " ". . Mr. CUMMINGS supported tbe'niotiorj,. , ( ',". Mr. HART thought there was nd good io'pressing the - 'motion ^ at" this time.', A large' portion of tte ie' lands was" leased; and no Bill they could 'pass would'afloat the present holders arilecs their leases had expired. ' It was" a mle, o!»b,;lri tho' House, that two Bills' on tho Bama subject'could 'not be ti.tr. duoed in' the some'session ; and If ;this' Bill were brought'on it might be mado uso of to, embérrafa the Government racaiure. . '.. '', Mr. REDMAN said that those were not waste lands at'all. 'They had'been leased to persons who had In 'oieased tba value bf them by their own industry. They 'held'their leases from the'Crown, and their Interest ought to'be protected. " If tliiB q' oúion were mixed tip with tbe Land'Bill, many would vote against that Bili in Its entirety than effect those lands. ' " "'Mr. HAY thought the conran taken bytba Secretary for Lands was most unsatisfactory. The last'rn«rober who addressed tho House "bad proved too much. ' He (Mr. Hay) began to prick np his oars wron be board thal a leese gave thu ' lessee a ' right to the fee simple.1 He thought, in'that oas'e, he (Mr. Hay) would be perfectly, snfo from the operation of that dreadful ' Bill, .(Laugh tir) 'He hoped tho Sioretary for Lsnds'ond tho Minis, try would not persist in'opposing this Bill. It wis per tlonlàrly'deBlrablB that thiy should mool tain whet WBB tho real condition of those'. louds. Thora had boen' ». remarkable unanimity of the oommittco in opposition to . legal opinion.' It seemed to indicatea foregone conulu before they passed a sweeping measure regarding all the wastelands of tho colony, lt would be neoossary tbhaVe ?' ' olaa'fl in tba Crown Lands 'Alienation Bill io . that eiTeot. . If that Bill passed into "Jaw, and nothing' woe done, according ' to "the opinion of tho oommittee of this House, and considera- ble legal'opinion, the "ohuroh and sobool lands would, as ? WBBIO lands of tho oolmy broome liable to free selootion. I» .would be necessary, thoreforo, to introduce al olauso to prevent the. operation dr that Bill on the lands in, ques- tion', .But in tho faco of tho unanimous opinion of the dommittee lt waa' ncoèssary td settle tho q'testion.' ' It was requisito that they should sea this.Bil) and judge bf it. 'He bad not tho feast conception what tho hot otable Secretary' for Lands-meant.' ', . .. ' ' Mr. LUCAS said be .would voto for tho motion cf the honorable membor for.the'Southorn Gold Fields. 'One of the hamlets, the' Glebt>, was obioily Church and' 8ohool Lands, And tho efloot of tho Crown Lands Alienation Bill on suoh lands would bo to declara tho land, on which SOO or SOO bouses were built waste land«, on the Glebe, Sydney, "lt this Bill was passed, the question would be who ' had tho authority to leaso this land? ("That is not ohuroh end sobool land ; it is Bishop's land.") He WBB not referring to tho land let by Mr. Mort some years ago; bat the land beyond that, wbiob he still believed was ohuroh snd sohnol lands. Mr. ALLEN liked tho idea of his friond that thora Bhould bo free seleotion in those lands. If theso Billa pass in tbo state they aro - tho tenant, tho parly in possession will havo to olosr right and title lo this pro- perty. Thero was a good deal of agrioultural land, and some inferior land. Ile reoommondod postponing this measure until nut session. Tbrro was n great diiñouUy upon theso improvements. For instance, at Waverley. Ho would a great deal rather that tho member for tba Southern Gold.Holds nostnono tho introduction af tho Bill till noxt Session. ' Mr. MORRIS hoped Ihe honorable member would not withdraw hla motion. (Hoar, bear, from Mr. Robert- son), and I hope the House will not support tho Minis- ter for Lands. If the Alienation Bill Is passed, tho land in question would bo seized upon et once, legally or illegally; and with tho member who Bpoke' lost 'ha agreed tbnt they would be talton' up gonorally by tho tenant*. Ho thought boforo an jAlienation Bill should pass at all,' some provision should bo mode for those ohuroh and sohool lands. (Floor, hear, from Mr. Robertson.) Ho had only to Introduoo 8 or 4 »ords into the lath olauso, vis., " other than church, and sohool Ianda." Mr. LEARY said, he aqreed with the honorable mern* ber for tho Murray. Tho doubts oiisting should bo cleared up. And the Government oould dispose nftboso lands ta they thought proper. Ho could not see why they should not allow the honorable member for the Soutborn Gold Fields loavo to introduoo the Hill. With regard to tho remarks of members, that if loave wire given, thoso who were in favonr of Irne soleotlon before survey will vate against tho Land Bill. Ile believed that was mere assertion ; they had no right to take it aa anything more. It would bo a disgrace to them If there woro a ty members prepared to toko the cowardly course, that if the ohuroh and sohool lands were deolored weeta ianda, they would voto against their own coooclvnosa when tho Land Rill was Introduaed. ij Mr. BUCHANAN hod a very strong sympathy with the ot'joot of tho Bill, bul, in considération that this Bill would embarrass tho Government in oarrylng ont their land moasnroa ho advlsod its withdrawal. , 1 Mr. COWPER sold, loavo to bring ia a Bill wa« usually a matter ofaourso ; at tho same time ho thought tho Se- cretary for landa right in pointing out tho dannor and dlirioully of this matter. He, Mr. Cowper, believed a moro unjust pieoeof legislation (oh I) was never proposed) snoh en sot of spoliation was nover submitted to anyXogtrdnlttra In the world. (Oh I) Tboro were 4(50,000 Botes of land «ot under ohartor, but granted under tho great seal of I the eolony to oortaln trustees. Some years ago a oorpo ration was established hy her Majesty orllod the Ohuroh and Sohool Landa Corporation, One sovcnlh of the territory WM intended to bo granted ; bot tbn extent mentioned, ttDO.OOO aoroo, waa grnntod undor tbo great soal of Ibo colony, aa aaorcd a grant aa any wbioh any man bold under the Oro*n. Tho olinrtor granting tbiao landa oontained thia danae :-" It nhall bo lawful to put on end to tue laid oornoraiinn ¡ and tbornnpon all tba landa aball revert to the Queen, nnbjoot to mortgagee, ito., to be held in luoh manner aa ahall floe m moat eon ducive to the promotion of religion and education of youth in thia colony." To doolare theta land« urbo neate lande of tho oolooy would lie like daolailng tba «stat* of-Oamden .abject ta free aeleotion. Any land ?Mi gras tod Bindar tba great seat of ibe ooloo* ought ?katta be dealt with by the Legislature. He would not «Uelde Uta Honan on this motion, bat be would not sup* ?ort the Bill in its farther stages. . Hr. WIND EYE B said, whether the supporters ot 4he Ministry were to take ibo opinion of tba head of tba .'Government or tbat of the Minister for Landa it waa . hard to say. He. for one, could not eoe tbat the course .proposed was unjust. Ha would remind " honor, -.ble members of the trust on wbioh these linds wars granted. There wera 450,000 acres of tho boat land ia the colony to be .pplied to tba maintenance of eduonli.n and religion. And how? Not to any goneral secular system-natta ba divided among tho different religions ; but especially i for the maintenance of tho dootrines of the Ohuroh of England. (" No," beor, hear, hear.) ThU WOB ? viola- tion of the Act of Union of England and Scotland, ac- cording to the opinion of the learned Attorney.Geoeral. «It had bean said, " if tbero waa a single Scotchman in -. the country at the time of the grant, the grant was il -legal ab initio." Not only waa the land granted in a pe. \- oulUr way, but those trusts bad been violated,. and departed from without any authority. The money had ' been divided betwoea three or four denominations. It -eras important the question should be settled at the ear. liest opportunity. He eould not. understand how the -passing of thia Bill could imperil tho pissing of the îisnd Bill. The passing of this Bill as a separate mea- sure would faollitato the paBBiug of tho Land Bill, by settling a question aboat wbioh there might be some \- doubt. He oonld seo no injustios in tbe tenants on the land purchasing it. Thoy had made tbe land valuaile. Three gentlomen who had been Attorneya-Geaeral had . given their opinion that these landa were wastelands Mr. Martin, Mr. Lat wyobe, and Mr. Plunkett. For these reasons. Boeing theso landa wera now useleBB to the aolony, and might be the means of settling a large popula- tion, be would support the motion. ° Dr. WILSON ross to reply. He was astonished tbat the honorable the Premier should Bay this was sn aot of spoliation. If there were any spoliation in the matter, ? it took plaoe years ago. Tho lands were originally not . granted absolutely, BB was shown by their resumption in 1833\. He oonsidered the various Aots applying to theso lands gave tbe Ohuroh no right to their revenues. The \- -honorable tho Premier last session had expressed him- self in favour of the Bill, but now he asid the Aot, if . passed, would complicate his Land Bill. He (Dr. Wilson) assertod it was impossible that it oould oompli .sate tbe Land Bill. The Oburoh and sohool lands were \--ovaste lande, and ought to oomo under the operation of the Land Bill. Why should ibo bast land in the ooantry . -be excluded from seleotion ? Ho oould only say if they had.... free . selection, tho Government could not heep settlers, off tboso lands. With regard ta the remarks. of . the houoruble member for \- Queanbeyan, he wnuld only ssy that when ho spoke, io m question, he should to some extent make himself, «oquainted with it. . ,, Leave;was then given to bring in tba Bill, and the i .mover and seconder were directed to prepare it, ' :Mr. ROBERTSON rÖBe to explain .that be had never .given the last speaker reason to suppose be would ?rapport tbe Bill. ? ,, Dr. WILSON would assort that during tho last session the Minister for Lauds bad encouraged him to go on -with tho Bill., , , lU,The Bill was brought np,, read a> first time'; and the . .aeoond reading made an order of the . day , for next friday week. CHINESE IMMIGRATION.! . . Mr. LUCAS moved-*' That thia House will, on -JFriday, the 9,6th instant, resolve itself into a committee of the whole, to" oonsider whether' it,is desirable to ..introduce a Bill to regulate Cbineso Immigration, » , The motion was agreed, to without oomment. ' .. ABOLITION OF STATE-AID TO, RELIGION. . ..Mr. BUCHANAN moved for leave to intro looa, a Bill (or the total and immediate Abolition of State-aid <to Religion. Ho, believed that the present system ot ?State.aid was moBt, injurious to the interests of roll (Ion. In the Bill he had provided, a olause was con- tained tbat tboae who bama out under the. stipulation that they would receive State-aid should continue to cebuivo the same salary for the next, foar yearc. Mr. COWPER considered the measure one of, that ¿tature which should be introduced by the Government. _Hd would not opposo tho introduction of toe Bill, but oould not, agree with the prinoiple of details, as he be- lieved arbitrary fixing of tour or three yeera' salary for Compensation lor onoolass ofpublio servants was unfair to others. Ha considered all public servants should, in thia matter, be treated on terms of «quality. Mr. HOSKINS thought the honorable member was .playing unwittingly into the banda of tho opponents of , tho Ministry, to impedo legislation. Ho would remind the honorable gentleman and other new members that pertain gentlemen in the House would scruple at nothing to prevent the great measuros promised being passed. ^.MrTTAtnrEg-tïïoù-g-fit iKe lïsTspeîfiér'not'very o'orï? -.latent, whoa they found him bringing on a motion to eeduco the Governor's salary-* very embarrassing mo ?tion-when it was considered the Government had re- fused to introdnos it, Mr, LEWIS »poko ia favour of the abolition of State, .id to religion. Ur. T. GARRETT bad no hope tbat tho Bill could beoarried thia sossion; and' therefore óonsidursd tbs 'time omployed in disanssing it would be waBlod. Mr. O'BRIEN considered the moment tbeydeaerted tba clergy tho; deserted all that was' good. It waa'highly Lnecosiary to support their olergy ia, the country and '. Mattered districts. . Mr. DALGLEISH believed that waa not the timo to discuss the question bf State-aid. He thought the honora- ble member who nskod for leave t<5 introduce the Bill ought tOjhave. been advised not to do so ut an 'earlier ?stage, Jby the Government. ? Ho trusted the motion . would be withdrawn. Mr. MORRIS, although one of those who .would be glad if tba Ministry wero displaoed from oQloe, would ! not .unnecessarily embarrass them by discussions tbat .could lead to no good. The Bill ought to bo a. Govern, moot measure. He would move the previous, quos. Ulori. ' '..,.. , '., Mr. BUCHANAN would withdraw tho measuro on the ' understanding that the Government would introduoe .suoh a . Bill at. an" early . day nozt session. With ..regard to tho travelling olergy, and those who were said to work in tho bush, ho would say ho bad seen many '/vicissitudes in the bush, and be had seldom or evor aoen ' tho ghost or a whits nookoloth Ibero. Ho had oortalnly, on ono or two occasions seen a suspicious looking char, .soler.with a .white neokolotb, but he genet al ly dluop. 'neared in the house of soma rich squatter. , But as to being st the'hut of tho dying shepherd, or alleviating distress, he bad'never soon clergy do anything of the litad. He quito agreed with Mr. Hoskins that tho Op .position would lay traps for the unfledged members, hut ho trusted they had wiogs enough to fly over them. Mr. HART wan nurpriBod at assertions of tho hon. orable member with regard to (bo olergy. Ho had known Olirgy in this country wbo bad not slept undor a roof for .air months, and who roaeived no aid from tho oountry. Tho remark of the honorable member about olergy ! touting to the rloh was as gross a falsehood as ever he heard, and was worthy of the quat tor whenae it came. , Mr. PIDDINGTON supported tba previous question. '. Mr. CUMMINGS spoke warmly in reply to what ho .«aid woro tho aoousations against tho olergy. Mr. HOSKINS thoujht tho honorable momber (Mr. Parkes) wabted rather more (Imo than himself in mo* tiona out of time and out of plaoo. In allusion to .mloistors of religion, ho had known many of thoso gen. " tlem'en in the interior who performed most arduous ear. '.vice, aod travelled hundreds of miles on the most soon ty .fare. . I Captain MOlilABTY, boped that there would be no fut tb or disoussion on tba matter. It waa very, unusual . to bave a debutó.on the introduction bf a moasure, and ".ai the previous,question hod been moved, he hoped that Jt would be adopted without Baying anything more about it. ' Air. REDMAN wonld bave been very happy to adopt tho suggestion of tho last speaker, but he oould not sit Änlot and hear tho aspersions osat upon ministers of re. glon that bad been dono to-night. He could'speak , from his own oxporlonoe that the assertions made against olorgymen of all denominations were untrue. Mr. BUCHANAN rose to reply, but was Interrupted by Mr. BOTTON, who Bald that tba honorable member bad no.rlght to spoak; but tho 8PEAKBB deolded that ir \ Mr. liuobaoan .spoke then ho would have no right to reply OH tho original motion. . .'. ; 'Mr. BUCHANAN,'In reply, said tkat-ho \had been «causad, of bringing unrounded charges against tho .clergy, but be adhored to what ho said, botare, that they , wera not'to bn found in tho ootlnpoj of ibo poor. ,Ho ¡.«hould bo. rory sorry to bring s ny ab-rgu uyainek the clergy, as a body, , but t ero wore many of thora in the ' interior who wero very leay in tue porformanoo of their Vduty. ...'., M . ! j . The motion far tho previous question waa (ben put ..auld oorriod. , ,.. . INSOLVIÎNOÏ RETURNS, ?>. . ' ,"Mr. LOVE said (ho returns ho was anxious to move . Tor. had been mov d for before,,but there .waa great ,,troubla jn obtainlng thein. The inaolvont commissioner* : ha l refused to give any returnr, .unless a sum Of money 'were votod,to reimburse (bern for the. Iroublo of making them out.,. He would mention some eases Inwbloh'the eihargee.wero exorbitant, whole («tates bad beenfritterod ,:>> ' J-; »? iv <. .1 ' ? ' "i -««"' ! away ta law «apaña*». In aaa oaaa Ot. Sd. waa charged for Qonemmnt Qautte, 0*. 8a. fur calling on Morria, «s. Bi ot loformiag the auctioneer of tba day of aale, in fact,' tba moat trifling act waa oharged 6s. 8d. He knew an estate of £1000, on wbiob tbe oost esma to £131 fi«. lOd. He remembered a oase of a merchant who bad a bonded warehouse), and he took the oertifloates of the rum which be had on board and sold them. He then issued dupli. oates and obtained a large sum of mono; on tbe same rum he bad sold before. Ho passed through the o^art .with impunity. He had just road-» similar cass wbioh had oooured latolj in London, of a person who obtained large sums of money on dook warrants, wbiob woro pre. otaely tbe same os oerlifloatos. He obtained other Bums on duplioates of those dook warrants, and was indiotod at the Old Bailey, and sentenoed to (our years penal servitude. The present insolvent law must be amended, and he trusted the present sossion would not end with, out an alteration. Tbe honorable member then moved -" That an address be presented to the Qovornor General, praying that his Ëioellenoy will be ploased to o mae to be I «ld upon tba table of this House, the following returns :-1. The amount of liabilities and assets ia all insolvent estates passing ibrongb tho In. solvent Court, from the 1st July, 1838, to the 30th June, 1800, as stated in the sohedules, 2. Too amcuat of assets realised in eaoh eatata by the offloial assignees. 3\. Tbe amount of dividend paid to the creditors out of eaoh estate. 4. What proportion of assets now remains in the bands of offloial assignees in eaoh estate. 5. What bas been the amount of expenses- particularising assignees' commission and law oosts incurred in eaoh OBtate with tbe name of solicitors in eaoh ease." Mr. COWPER said that he bad no objection to the re. turne moved for. The honorable member must be aware that an Aat oontainiog 400 olausei would take some ttouble to revise and amend, bat tbe bonorabla member might bs assured that the Government would give their bast attention to the subject. Mr. HART said that tbe time of the House was taken up frequently with moving for useless returns. Ha thought that the present insolvency lsw would1 work very well with a few alterations. Toe present lax state of oommeroial morality was the fault of the merchants; of Sydney themselves who, for the sake of a shilling or two,,would allow a fraudulent debtor to escape rather1 than" aift tba matter to tue bottom. He thought that offloial assignees ought to be abol.shed. Mr. LUGAS »greed with the last speaker that traders were averse to taking debtors to the Insolvent Conrt. It was well known that the ostate was divided between the offloial assignee and. the lawyers. He knew a oaae where there was £2000 debts proved ; a person gave £500 for the ossets; tbe matter was Bottled in a month, and the creditors reoeived ls. lid. The whola orr ot the oolony was against the present insolvent law and offloial assignees. Instead ot protecting OD unfortunate debtor, honest men were ruined, and a dishonest man asme out at an aivantags. Tba offloial assignee took them by turns, and solicitors prevented the debtors going into oourt till a friend of theirs was aoting os offloial BBBlgnee. The lawyers played into tba bands of the assignées. GaBes of fraud were occurring ountinually. He boped tbe returns would bo granted. Mr. BEDM vN said there waa no doubt people were great fools for running to attorneys ; but in . necessity people must run to a dootor ; and in trou bl o they must go to a lawyer. There was no doubt offloial assignees had their favourite attorneys. There was a kind of free, masonry among them. It was well known that toe In- solvent Aot WOB paasod more for the sake of the disbonea' debtorthoo for tb.) unfortunatocreditor. Insolvents got their discharge, paid ls. in the pound, and walked out of aonrt with the bulk of their property. '.But tbe returns moved for would iarnish little valuable! information. The reoords of the Insolvent Court ooald be searched by any member for ls. and it was not worth white to put the country to the enormous oxpense of tbe retaros moved for. ' He hoped a radioal obange would barnado in the insolvent law. Every man that went insolvent affected some one else ; and (hoy knocked, ene another down like . ninepins. The Government had undertaken to bring in o Bill on the suhjeot. . Mr. DICE thought some of those returns neoessary abd soma unnecessary. The motion should be amended. Therd was no need to have the amount of assets realised But he supported the motion as a whole. The returns asked for would be . good foundation for a thorough change in the insolvent law.. The fault was not only in the law, but in the appointment of assignees who were unfit for the offlas. Tba gentleman at tho hoad of tbe department waa wholly incompetent to discharge the duties to which he bad boon appointed. Mr. WINDEYER, without endoraing the last remark of ' tbe honorable mern ter for New England, would suggest to the mover that he should tske only the first period suggested; and take eighteen months inBtead of tbreo years. Returns of this kind wera a ked for before, and it was found slrunBt impossible ta got them. If ha would amend his resolutions, he would bo most willing to support bim ; at tho same timo be attributed a large nortion of the txpenses to tho fact that the auditors had ass'gnees snould be in a responsiblo position as officers of tbe Crown. The returns would show that th« "m,i.i astignees »nd attorneys played into eaoh others hands. Mr. HAÏ also asked tho mover to »mond the motion, and limit the expense. It was desirable to have all ne- cessary information. Bit tber should not ask returns from m re curiosity, unless, there was .some praotioal end in view. If tbs offloial assignoos wore appointed dirootly by the Government, they would , bo bound to obey any injanotion of that House. But then the ex. ponse of making returns would,fall on the public But 'it waB not fair to entail tbe great expense of tbeso re- turns on.thoBe who took office without any stipulation, that, they would havo to make suoh returns. Tbey should not . ask unnecessarily for in- formation, and muat remunéralo those ..persons for ^ the expenso of \ making those returns. They,must treat ' those gentlemen 'with perfeot, fairness, They must not aot on the. rule-'.' Give à dog a bad name and hang bim." Ho believed tbe inaolvont laws did re- quire amendment. But tba groat dilfloulty was in con triviug a remody. lt would not depend on the returns whether they oould deviBO a suffloient remedy. They were prono to novolties and extromes. Tbey first put it altogether in the hands of the creditors; then they want to the opposite oxtreme and took away all tho power of the creditors. It was not,from any want of information in regard to tho evils that the Govern mont had bren unable to dorise a suffloient remedy. He thought it adviaablo to limit tho extent of tho returns aa much BB possible. Numerous returns were enormously, exponsive. Every old member would agree that returns, when printed, were often completely buried in the large folios before thom. Mr. OALDWELIi could not egree with tho remarks of tho last spcakor. The' return should be'askod for a con- siderable timo. Tbe time was not long, and the oost of making the returns would not be groat. , Thoy were not discussing tho principles of an Insolvent Aot. It was deBirablo they should look into ostatos, and soe what bad boen dono with them. The tault, to a certoln ex- tent, rested with porsons nppointod by tho Judges. Ha would support tbo resolutions, sud hoped the. Sousa would not shirk tho question. ' One honorable membor Bald the tradespeople in Sydney wero ready to oompro. miss felony. It was trna areditors sometimes aooopted a very small dividend rather than eontend with same of tho lawyers thoy had to contend with in the Insolvent j Court. Mr, WEEKES could not understand the obj collón to tho returns: that it would requlroso much time to pre pare them on the part of the offloial assignees. Thor bad the information asked for at hand, and he thought they, eould furnish it in the form required In half an hour. Tho rolaros were very si rn plo, and were totale In every, instsnoe. .Ho..agreed that many of the roturns asked for in that House wore useless ; hut he thought thoy should.' novér rcfuso returns relative, to a system against whleh there,were so many objections., Ono of tho (strongest arguments agnint tho present working of tho Insolvent Court was that men wore driven toaooept 'any compromiso rather than oomo within tho olutohea of that sourt. Their insolvent laws should certainly bo amended.' He bellovod the Chief Juatioo, 8ir Alfred Stephen, and Mr. Justice Wise, had glvon rnuoh ntten* lion lo" tho subjoot, and be trusted in dealing with the dlffloult .question of amending the insolvent law,, they would havo tho aBsistanoo of those gentlemen. '" Mr. T. GARRETT mentioned that an estate in whtoh tho assets were stated at £0000, and iu whioh tbey were sold for £500, while the party so purohaslng bad rea- lised moro than £3000, That was ono of tho abusos that ought to bo mot. ' With that , ylow he would move.the following addition by. way,of amend. 'ment !-" Also, tho amount whioh the debts sold brought in oases "whore such a modo of realising such assets, has boon adopted." '..,'., , , Mr. DALGLEISH thought, tho.,qaostlon bad.been dualt with as if,insolvents.generally , sotod orirolnolly. He thought tho..'creditors .were ölten lo blame in' veiy many OBOS.' Ho' would not oppose tho motion for ,the roturns. >, .. .¡; ? Mr.: LOVE would undertake( to, ajay, '-it the offloial assignée»',books TT,- re properly kopi, that ho would-prt paro the returns in two boura, , -As to the expensé» ,of i proparing tbe returns, they would', not,bo mora ' than jgla, and that was surely ; a small consideration . with «uah an object in ,view. 'Thoy had . reoently,. bad two , o >sea ol insolvent estate«,of .which.tho partionlars weré , published tn on» of the.dally.popors. In'tho one cass limy found the aaaois realised, were, £700,'and yet; tho offloial assignee brought tba estate into debt, and la (hf otb«r (ba lawyer's «ipeaaaa «rara mora Iban £»00. Mattara of chat kind, tb« publia interest rendered it im- perative they abould ba ioquired into. Nov, be would auk, waa it poaaible under tbe extoling Hate of tba law to make au example of fraaduUnt creditors T (Bear, bear.) Tba motion, BB amended, wai agreed to. RESERVOIR AT NARELLAN. M . LEARY postponed tba following motion until Tuesday next-*1 Tbat this House will, on Friday next, resolve itself into a committee of the whole, to oonsider of an address to the Governor-General, praying that his Excellency will be pleased to oauBO to be placed upon tue Supplementary Estmates for tbe year 1801, a Barn not exoeeding £150, for the purpose of ertoting a reser- voir to supply the village.of Narallen with water." REDUCTION OF THE SALARIES OF FUTURE GOVERNORS-GENERAL. Mr. HOSKINS moved-" 1. That it is the opinion of this House, that tho salaries of future Governors-Gene- ral Bbould be rodeoed to £5000 per' annum. 3. Tbat the foregoing resolution be conveyed by address to bis Exoelleooy the officer administering the. Governmen'. The honorable geniltmin remarked that although it waa very lalo, he ooutd not postpone his resolutions, as if he did tbey might not ooma under discussion for a mooth. He would likewise:take the opportunity to disolaim, in b.-inglng tba resolutions forward, any inten- tion of embaras8lng tba Government. When it was before tba Aaasmbiy on a farmer oaoasion be took considerable interest in it. Tba reason why the Forster Bill bad not passed the Upper Houss was, that several of its members considered that by giving tbeir assent there o they wonld be aoting discourteously towards the late Gove'rnor-Genera'. Such an .objection] |was not tenable now, there (being no offloial information as to who was tha new Governor. Ho (Mr. Hoskin") had not included the salaries of Mioisters; but he had not refrained irom doing s) because he believed tbe present incumbents to be aotuated by sordid or venal motives. He did not fear that these resolutions would be defeated beouso Ministers were aotuated by any suoh dishon- ourable motives.,. It had .been reserved . for the " eduoated intelleot " of the country to moko oharges of this kind axsinst the Ministry-to assert that Minis- ters oluugto office merely became tbey desired to enjoy their salaries. They all knew that Pitt, Fox, Burke. Sheridan, Canning, and ia later times, Lord John Russell and Mr. Disraeli, wera virtually insolvent whoo they held offloe, and wbut pub ic man bad Lal the hardihood to ooouss them of being aotaalnd by sordid motives in holding tfflod. If any publio man .bad made suoh ? a abarse the oreas throughout the whole country would have scout od him, and be would hi\e been ignominiously hounded from publio life. But it bud boen reserved for tbe groat Conservative part of this country-it had been reserved for the embadimont of tbs '? educated intellect" of .the eountry to obargs the present Ministry with being aotuated by sordid and venal motives in holding offiae. He bo'ieved Ministers to be aotuated by far . bigber motives. When the late Ministry were in cfOae, bo bad never heard the gentle, men. now ocoupylng the Treasury benobes charge them with desiring to remain in otBoe merely beoause tbey were desirous,, of existing on their official salaria. Neither bad a certain organ of publio opinion, which was generally looked upon as the organ of tbe present Government, made suoh a obarge against the Forster Ministry. Tne salary of tba G ivarnor.Goneral, prior to the 12th of August, 1804, wsB ÜÖ000 per annum. On that oooasion, a gentleman by the name of Darvall iutro. duoed a motion,to inorease it to £7000, giving it a retro- spective tiidct of throe years, and thereby presenting Sir Charles Fitz Boy with a lump sum of £0000. (Hear, bear.) Strangetoaay.no ohorge of corruption or diabonesty bad been made against the promoters of this movement ; and yet tba (.resent Government, who bad never made snob s flagrant proposition, were calum- niated and bespattered with vituperation and abuse by ibepartizans of those who Lad tbua disposed of the publio Arianes. On another oooasion this party voted a oertain oMoial a pension of £4000 a year, and added a bonus of £3000. (Hear,- hear.) There were aogent reasons why a reduction should be made in the G vernor's silsry, orisiog out of the dopressed it tte of the publia Ananaes, as well as from tho laot that a dtoreaBS of 30 or 10 per 0: ht.'bad taken plaoe in' tho prioe of labour since tbe period of the gold diBoovury. A corresponding deorease had taken . glace in the priao of provisions and otber commodities., It was desirable to follow the example set by th 3 other ooloales in the retreaahmeat of the pabilo expenditure. . Tba Government of Viotoria bad resolved upaa a reduction of the Governor's sslary, and in foot in that of all other elli isis, the leading political men hoing of opinion that suoh reduction afforded a better means of meeting the falling off in the revenue than by increasing taxation, aa proposed by the Ministry. In South Aus- tralia a s'milar resolution had passed tbe Aaaouably, although it was defeated by a small majority ia the other branch of the Legislature. There Ministers proposed to reduce their own salaries from £1500 to £800, and when riot- io - recwve- Tubnr* loiflr ?'S.lwy. 'h^dfjlf rmJee^ The Bill introduced here by the Forster Ministry, to re I duoo tbe salary or the Governor-General and Ministère, passed a seeond reading in the A-sambly by a majority of 10-three of the present Ministers voting for it. The Bil), however, esme to gris? in the other branch of tho Legislature. Taxation in this colony amounted to £5 per head for every male adult-in England only to 4 ls. It had beon obj'oted that they oonld not get talented Governois if they reduaed the salary.' The casa of Queensland proved the contrary the Governor ofthat oolony reooived only £1000 a year. (Hear, [lear.) Tbe Governor of this oolony reoeived £7000 a ye»r. whilst the Govornorof South Australia re oelv-il only £4000; the Governor uf Van Diemen's Land, £1500; New Zealand, £2900; Western Australia, £1800; Capo of Gool Hope, £9000; Nova Sootlo, £3000; and the Governor of British North Amerioa, £7000. Why should the Gove, nor of this colony reoeive a larger salary than the Présidant of the United States, or the Governor of British North Amerioa J. (Hear, hear.,) He (Mr. Hoskins) desired to BOO this question nettled upon its merits. It had been said , that the Governor of tbiii colony needed tho present large salary to enable him to dispense hospitalities. But what bad been the oase? Woy the very persons upon whom the late Governor-General had lavished his hospitality were those who had turned round and be- spattered him '?' with calumny.' (Hear, hear.) Ho bad told them that (his question had been dis- cussed before. 1 It trta desirable that retrenohment should be commenoed in tho higher ofBoos of the oolony ; and he, with oonfldtnoo,' left the motion in their bands. Mr. O'BKIEN said it struok him that tho honorable moraber bad forgotten one oonsidoratloD. Sir John Ynung bad acoopted Ibo ' appointment OB Governor General on tbo understanding that he was to reoeive £7000 a-year. If the honorable member bad forgotten this, he hoped be would withdraw the motion. One reason for roduolng the salary of the Govornor-Gantial was tbat the Inaome WOB decraasing. Now hs WOB bare the revenue might be inoreoBod if that House would do their duty. Tho statement made a fow days ago showed a large defloit in thoir rcBouroes. Sinao Sir TbomaB Milohell's department ? waa denuded of bia field ataff the land r¿ venue bad been docreaslng. There were'Bt present, in his own di atrial, hundreds expeoting to got land and have lt sur- veyed, but they eoald not got tho Ministry to have tho land surveyed. (Mr. BODBMSON rémindod tho honor- able member that they wore not debating the Land Bill.) On' tho grounds stated, bo would oppose the motion of the honorable roomier for New England. Mr. REDMAN hid talion a secret TOW never to put his foot in that Honso until be was able to do some good in it. Ho would speak on, every, anbjeot for praotioo flnuohter;, and would endoavour lo apeak to the point. Ho supported this motion on two grounds!-1. Beoauno the Balary was originally £')000, «nd WOB inoreasod to £7000 under peoullar circumstances. The cause has ceased ; the offed ought also to abase. 3 Beoauso Queensland bid boon separated, and tbe Governor had lesa tb govern than when bo received only £6000 a yosr. It was evident roirenobment was necessary, and they should begin at the hoad of all departments. If Balarlos Wrro to bo roduaod, they should begin at the moat emi- nent, office of the Government. ' The offloe of-tho Governor was maob moro important before thoy had Responsible Government. Who gave tho Governor any ut dirstanding about what his salary was to be beforo bo oamef He took his salary suhjeot to the will cf tho country. Lot them bogia with tho Governor's salary, and then reduoo others. He hopod tho (bin end of tho wodgo put in to- night would bo driven home. Tho mon who had the least salaries were generally worbod moat. . Mr. WALKER agreed with tho principia of tho resolution.' Tho sum named was adequato to the salary of any Qovornor-Gonorol they would hayo for soins time. Bat ho thought the motion useless. '' If 8ir John Young was appointed Governor, this motion osma too late. It was absurd to supposo .that ho. would give his' aonsenl, and dook hlaisolf of £5000 a yoar. But tho resolution spoko ol " future Gov-irnors," and if Slr John Young was already appointed,he was not a ''futura" Qovornor, " .Mr, DALGLEISH Would support tho resolution, for tho strongost of reasons, because tho oolony could not afford the "large , salary, willoh baal been glvon. When .Iba IuuroaHb,«(«e girón lt was understood that'll was to bo temporary/ Labour is reduood 100, por cent., and living almost in'thn ,same dogroo. Thin .waa only the boglPRln^j J>q4",rcjV"i,rie ^rd^,^Iprjo ; befllnnltig nt fa right and. _ Ha would not ba preparad to curtail tba low salariai ia tba Government serries. Mr. BUCHANAN cordially supported the resolution. When they found the President of tbs United Stales doing a groat deal more for. a less sum, they ought to look about them. ? Mr. LEWIS said he believed in retranohment, and believed that retrenobment had begun in the right plaoo. Mr. COWPEB said a great deal WOB now said about retrenchment, and no doubt it waa most desirable to have retranohment ; but the resolution proposed by Mr. Hoskins was too late, tba Governor-General bad already been appointed, and would probably oontinue to hold that offloe for five or six years to come. It only showed that thay onght, in making these rsduotions, to go upon r ome system. He respeo ed the motives' of the honor-ble member who brought forward this resolution. Bat it would Lave no practicable effect. It was urged that there should be no reduotion of small salarias ; but tbat retranohment should be made in larger salaries. Some years ago it waa proposed that all salaries above a certain sum should be reduoed, on which the House appointed a oommittee, who eolleoted volumnious evidence, and that committee came to the oonolueion that the salaries of Government offloirs wera greater than in private departments. A* to ibo Governor-General, it bad been said by ' several members that that increase waa only a tem- porary increase. That was an error. The grant to Slr Charles Fitzroy was rétrospective, and was in conse. quenco of the inoreased price of living. But in the Con. atitution Act, the Governor's salary was fixed et £7000, and made part of the Costitution. There were, some who did not tbink tbst Government House Bbould be open to hospitalities. The salaries in this country were not out of proportion to other oolonies. Qiecnslaud gave £1000, and Victoria was reduolng the salary if tbe Governor to £8000. He thought it was a narrow polioy. . If they got an able man, who had tba welfare of the colony at heart, £7000 was not too n uoh to give. Our late Governor went to a oolony where he would get £13,000 a year, with £5000 or £6000 contingencies. Tho population aad revenue of New South Wales was not seriously reduood by the separation of Qaeonsland. Tho work of governing was not arduous, but tbe Governor General gave largely to charities. It wau known that the Governor wbo had just left bad not saved money in this oniony. A great deal bod been done in reducing the number of peroonB employed, and revising their palari, s. Great benefit resulted from the change. He hoped the ilouie would not press the matter. If tbey brought in an Aot, it could not affect Sir John Young, who was no doubt appointed in November. Mr. MORIARTY had supported Mr. Forster's motion. But that propositi. n was very different to the oto now before the House. Tbe House was asked to break faith, with a gentleman who bad been appointed Governor. General. He did not agree with the dootrine laid down by tbe member for Windsor. Any man worthy of the offloe of' Governor-General would say, " Gentlemen, sinoe you consider £7000 too rauoh, I will not take more than' £0000." But the faith of tho cmntry was pledged to'£7000 for Sir John Young. If tbe member for tbe North'.r i Gold-fields intended his resolution to apply only to future Governors, he would agreo with him. Mr. BOT TON would support the motion of the honorable member for the Northern Gold-fields.' He did not consider t"«t wa had any Governor-General until be wae aotually on our shores. At the time that the oolonies of Now Suu h Wales and Viotoria were divided, they bid against: esoh other, thinking that there was some extraordinary, power oonneotdd with the offloo ; but the superiority wa only imaginary, and carried no additional power with it. We have had, in the former limes of the colony, men'as Governors'very ouperior to the late ones. ("No, no.") Sir Riobard Burke was superior in ability to many of the late Governors. He should infer that tbe late Governor. General bad the option of remaining as Governor of this oolony if hs had oh'osen to do so. Mr. COWPER : That is not so. Sir W. Denison eoald have deolined the Presidency of Madras if be bad abasen, but could not remain here. ' He WOB already gazetted to the Pr« sidoney of Madras. Mr. ROTTON said tbat be should propose 'an amend- ment (o the eff-ot that (be salary of the Governor should be reduoed (o £0000, and that the salary of some'of the responsible Ministers of the Crown should be rai-ed to £3000 per annum. He thought that tba Ministers ought to be at least ns well paid as the Puisne JudgeB. Lately tbe Seoretary for Linds bsd been worse paid tuan one of bis subordinates. The amendment was then put, that the salaries of the responsible Ministers should be equalised. Mr. ROBERTSON said that there was no doubt that Sir William Donison had baan cazatted to the Praaidensv of Madras, and that Sir John Yoong bad alao bean gazetted to the government of tbia oolony, therefore it was not eompetent for the Houao to make any alteration in the salary of the Governor at the present time. It had been said tbat the expenditure was £5, whereas in England the expenditure was £3 IP.: but it must be privato oompanies and individuals in England. There were railways, roads, water, end many ottier works ol publlo utility whioh were not performed by tbe Govern, ment in England, and tbe expenso of whioh in this oolony wore borne by the Government. Mr. LUCAS said that tho Government of Great Britain bad many expenae to provide (or wbioh did not fall upon the inhabitants of this ' oolony. Tba army and navy, and the oivll service were muob more ooitly than in tbis oolony, sud yet the taxation was far below what it is in this oolony. The population of the ooleny did not equal tbat of miny second rate towns in England, and he should like to see all the salarias hero cut down, in faot be intended to give notioe of a motion to-morrow to reduce all salaries from £350 a year upwards. Mr. REDMAN Bald if he had oonsidored the matter ha should be almost inolined to vote against the motion be bad originally supported. Tho salary of the Governor* General was granted by the Constitution, and if wo passed this resolution we should have to wait a ; con- siderable ' time bofore it would ba confirmed by her Majesty, and in tho meantime be would be enjoying the full salary. Mr. ROXTON roBe to order. The honorable member could not refer to what hid taken pl ooo on tbe original motion, but must speak to (be amendment. Mr. REDMAN said that tho qaostion of ail the Balarles was bound up together, and he aould not refer to the salary of one officer of the Crown without Bpeabing to the whole oueslioo. ' Mr. GRAY said the instances that bed been adduced by referring to the President, f tho Unit id States did not boar upon the question. He should be very Börry that Governors of tbis oolony should ioorease th-ir Balarles in the manner that he was said to do, but he, nevertheless, thougtiout tbat Ü6000 was quite sufficient for the salary ot, the Governor-General, and he should vote for the motion. Mr. PIDDINGTON would support the amendment, It was high time that the Government were prepared to enforoo retrenchment, as bstween it and inoroasod tara* tion,'he oouid sae no alternative. Mr. DR VER proposed tho adjournment of the de- bate until Tuesday next. Tbe motion was lost without a division. Mr. HAY hardly thought, if they wished ta set an example ot economy, they wera beginning at the right eud. The salaries of the Governor formed part of schedule A, and was a matter in whioh the Imperial Government was interested, The home' Government were interested in seeing tbat the spirit of the Consti- tution was complied with. He did not think he was oalted upon to divide against the motion of the honor, able member, if lt was morely to express the sense of the House, to show what should be tba salary of tho Governor-General, loavlng tn the homo Government to say whether that salary was sufllolent. It might be a matter of doubt whether Sir John Young were tho Governor-General. If he were Govornor ho ought io bo placed ia a position to receive tho salary on tho understanding of which he agreed to aaoept tho office. Saoh a reduotlon might have a oon sidoroble oiTeot in induolng him either to oooept or re- ject the offloe. No'.bing could be gainod ' by bringing this motion forward at tho present time. It would havo boen bettor to have ' dealt with it after the new Governor's arrival. Wlton reductions were oarriod ont with regard to all offloes oonneoted with that House, then thoy would show tholr desire of rotrenobment. The other dey mombors spoko of the prosperous state of tho oolony-to-night it was admittod on all handB that thcro was no neoosslty for retranohment. (Hoar, hear.) Mr. PARKES said aooordlng to orguraonts need (bat night, tlier ought not to reduoa either the incoming or future Governors' Balarlos. Ho (Mr. Parkes) had voted against tho inaroaBO of tho Governor's salary, and had on every occasion siuoo votsd for its reduotlon. Lord John Russoll In paragraphs 10 and 17 of bis instructions tolls tho oolonistB, that ihoy aro not prooluded from a rooommondotlon;ofthu salarlosraontlonod in thesohedule. They had no ollloliil intimation of tho appointment of Sir John Young, thoroforo it could not be said that by reducing tho snlary tboy would ho noting discourteously towurds him. Besides, tho fact that a Government Bill hod pnsBud that Uonso proposing a redaolion of the Govornut's salary could not havo escaped Sir John Young's attention, if ho bad botn appointed. (Hear, boar.) OD (Mr. Parkas) would voto for tbe original tnollon aud the amendment. The late Governor.Gene- ral displayed, an amount of appreciation and ability under, . ,... . v ; :.¿: tb« elrtumstaooes in wbloh be found bintMlf plaoed, wbieb entitled bim ta rank bi|b amongst former Gover nor« of tbie colony, so (bet Ibo «rgatasnt of tb« Governor being a mer« automaton went for nothing. He thought £0000 a.year would ba enoagb to secure tba servioes of an effleient Governor-General. If it wa« true that they wera to hare a revision of tbe whole of toe pnblio salaries, it was, perhaps, rathor premature to eiagle oat that one at that time-it would be more credi- table to them to oonbider all the salaries at the esme tim". Mr. RUSDEN supported the original motion. When, formerly in the House, he had done all he could to re- duce the pnblio expenditure. He quite agreed if they could not toaeb the next Governor's salary, they had li tie ohanoe of ever reduoing tbe salary attached to that appointment. He was pained to see the great debt into which the country was plunged since he waa last in the House. Mr. WEEKES would like to take the Speaker's ruling as to the amendment nf the honorable member for Hat tley-which, be thought, was not at all pertinent to the matter before tba House. Tbe mstter involved in the amendment to equalise the salaries of the Ministers was quite new, and took the House by surprise. The would be just as muoh entitled to engraft, in the sb ipa of an amendment, a revision bf the oalls of turnpikes. On that ground, whilst agreeing with the principles of tba original motion, aad that of tba «mend, ment, he submitted the latter waa an improper one. Mr. PARKES thought the amendment consistent, as it prnpoBsd to affeot salaries, whioh was the objeot of the molina. . Mr. WEEKES stid were that tba case, they might deal with all the publio salaries in the form of an amend ment. The SPEAKER oonsidered tbet tbe amendment bore on tbe question before the House, and was admissible, -but said it was for tbe House to determine it. . Mr. HOSKINS, in reply, oonaidered no gentleman bsd been appointed as Oorernor of the colony until he bad taken the oaths, or the appointment bad been gazetted. Of that they hid no oflloial inf irmatioo. According to Lord John Russell's interpretation of the Constitution Act there was nothing to prevent them dealing with the'salary of the Governor-General. Il they were to effect a rednotion, they should oom. monee with the salaries of tba higher offices. The Colonial Seoretary bad argned from tue example of other oolonies. . But the Legislature of Victoria had reduced tbe salary of their Governor. Tho present Governor of Viotor'a formerly oooupicd a prominent position io the House of Commons; yet be aocepted the offloa of Governor of Demorara, a moBt unhealthy olimate, at a salary of £3800. In Victoria the money exacted from tbe diggers was squandered on oflloial -8nlar.es. The salary. Of the Governor of Mauritius is £0000; and salaries' in . tropical - climates are rauab bigber than in' temperate climates. ' ' He thought a flt Governor might be found among tbe residents in the colony. Ho agreed with the honorable member for Braidwood, that Sir John' Young on hearing of this re- solution, would refuse to aooept more than £5000 a .year. . ? ' ? ?? . . ' Mr. WEEKES requested tho Speaker to reoord cn the minutes of tbe House the dooislon he had given. , ??'?-<?.. i -, ? : ... . Tba question'was then'put, and the Honse divided on tba amendment with the following result :- ? \- '? ' Aye», *î. ' ? ' 1 Mr. Rotton ;.:!?.. Mr. Looker . ' . Mr. Wisdom Mr. Wilton ¡ . Mr,Hoskins. ... ' Mr.Lcary, . . " Mr. Motion ? ' Mr.'Windeyer Mr. Daniell .'' .' Mr.Lewla Mr. Buolianan., ' Mr. Cumming» "... Mr. Piddington , Mr.Iiucaa Mr. Buaden Mr. Walsh , Mr. Hannon ' ' Mr.Wook«a_ ' Mr. Dalgleish '( Mr. Park»» txollors. . Mr.Bhaphord , Mr. DIok , I Koos, IB. Mr. Mate ' Mr. Gray ? Mr. Cowper . . Mr. Oowpor. Junior Mr. Drlvor Kr. Moriarty Mr. Haworth . Mr. O'Brien Ur. Onooeen Mr. Sutherland ?' Mr. Lora -, Mr. Morrioe ...... , Mr. T. Garrott . Mr. Hodman . Kr. Lesley , Mr. Morria. IT.II,,. Mr. Caldwell; . . Mr. Walker J"""* Tho question was aooordingly resolved in tbs affirme* live. The resolution, as amended, was then put and passed without division. ... COMMON LAW PROCEDURE ACT. Mr. WINDEYER moled the second reading of the Common Law Prooedure Aot Extension Bill. Mr. WALKER seconded the motion. Mr. ROBERTSON objeotod to the introduotlon of so important a measure at that hour. (It waa twenty-five minutes p»Bt one). Mr. BOTTON moved that the House adjourn till three O'clock to-day. Mr. WINDEYER said, this Bill had passed the Legis lature before ; there was not a lawyer in the House, who did not approve of it. It was only lo extend the praotioe of the Supremo Court to the District Court. The adjournment was negatived on a division Mr. Relton being the jmjg ^n^ernber «ho voted Tho Bill was then read a seoond time. Mr. WINDEYER moved that tbs Speaker leave tho ohair, and House go into oonmitteo cn. the Bili. A division wes callod for, with thc following result. Tbero .was but ono member on the "noes," (Mr. Rotton), and the House went into committee. The several clauses of tho Bill were then passed in oommittee. The Bill was reported without amendment, and tho third reading made an order of the day for Tuesday next. The House then adjournod at twenty minutes to two until,three o'olook, this doy., 