. GEELONG. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) THURSDAY, AUGUST 29;: There appears to be an almost unaccountable leaning on the part of some of our justices of the peace towards young women prefer g charges against men for indecent assaults, or for the maintenance of illegitimate children. That these , females should have the protection of the Bench No one will deny, but when that proletarian re i solves itself into gross injustice to the party complained of, it is high time to put a stop to this misapplied sy apathy. One of the most flagrantly unjust decisions ever given in any case of this kind', for decreed hythe Newtown and Chilwell Bush of magistrates this morning in the case of Joseph Carr, landlord of the Cricket Club Ilutd, who was charged by a girl named Rosanna. Cullen, with having on two occasions assault ed her in most indecent manner, she being his li it ed servant at the time. The case had been remanded, from this day fortnight for the evidence of Mrs, Carr J and the gentlemen who provide it on the Bench to-day were Messrs. Champion (chairman), Buck- land, and Robertson. Mr. Fraser appeared for the defendant, and Mr. Staveley for the plaintiff. After a long dispute between there tHO^ntlemen as to the propriety of admitting additional evidence beyond that of Mrs. Carr, the Bench decided upon hearing it, and Mr. Fraser said h J (-hotel, after examining Mrs. Carr, produce witnesses who would prove the plaintiff was unworthy of belief. Mrs. Carr being called, gave her testimony in a very plain and straightforward manner, wearing and pointing out minutely how she ACitntbled to do so that no such assault could have been committed without her knowledge, particularly us the plaintiff had sworn that she screamed and cried for help. She also swore that the girl never complained to her of any misconduct until, from repeated improprieties on her servant's part, she had to order her. out of the house, and she 11 city contradicted onúdth many of the statements and if by Cullen. A Mr. Stenhouse was called, who swore that he knew the plaintiff when she will want to a Mrs. Garratt, that she was at that time given, into the custody of the police for sterling brooch from her mistress's house, that she was in the habit of being out Into o' nights, and that the had actually trumped up a similar charge to the present against himself. He of further swore that she was by repute a " notorious liar." A Mr. Jones swore that she had been in his service at Meredith, and that he had 'got rid of her as a useless good-for-nothing : also that she was not honest, and used to encourage more about his house, in defiance of his orders?. Mr. Over, watchmaker, spoke also unfavourably of the plaintiffs character while she had been in his employ. The information was laid under Ifellons'u Act, to obtain pecuniary damages-a \6y suspicious method for a decent girl to adopt to obtain justice for such a wrong ; while on the port of the defendant, the Bench had a respectable married woman, two respectable tradesmen, and an equally trustworthy witness in Mr. Stenhouse, all proving that the girl's testimony should be, at least, received with strong suspicion. Dtniti^the examination the leaning of Mr. BnoUitnd towards the girl was painfully apparent and in addressing Mr. Fraser, The cast a most tkhberato and cruel insult on Mrs. Carr, by publicly stating he " did not believe her evidence." Sticht a monstrous wrong has seldom been perpetrated by the most stupid of our magistrates, for admitting that Mrs. Carr might have been supposed by Mr. Buckland to be trying to shield her husband, his assertion was made after he had heard the girl's character from other witnesses, and it is utterly impossible to conjecture how he could have accepted her testimony in preference to Mrs. Carr's, and still more astonishing how a gentleman so much respected as he is could have uttered so unworthy a remark. Mr. Robertson appeared to take a different view of the case to Mr. Buckland ; but after some consultation, the chairman decided on fining the defendant 5, and with 2 6s. 6d. costs-a decision that took every one by surprise, because, if the Bench believed the girl), the assault was committed under such aggravated circumstances that there was not the ghost of a reason for not awarding the highest penalty £20 and if they did not believe her evidence, the case should have been dismissed. A few more such decisions as this, and the Newtown. justices will gain the unenviable notoriety that attaches to some of our Geelong gentlemen in the commission of the peace. Much surprise is expressed at the conduct of Mr. Buckland, in his advocacy of the girl's cause to such an extent. I have no doubt that this gentleman acted on his honest and firm convictions, but sympathy for the simpering plaintiff has warped his better judgement. 