SOCEH ATDSlMAulAN INSTITCttE. The .akjoumed meeting of subscribers to the Library to consider the proposed amended Ac was held at the Institute oii.U'ediicsday evening. 'Tic j room vnf crowded, aui- the proceedings through- ! out the mi cling were ch.-r ictcrizcd by great uproar ] and hilaii j\ We are .informed thai tliere were j . many perse ns present who were not £ubseribers to j ghe Libnutr. I Dr. (lost e tool: the .chair. He -explained the j mature of the proceedings at tiie previous meeting, .t'.ud stated that the question for present considera- ! r'on was the amendment by Afr. J; organ, viz.. 1 J That tiie Acts Ho. Hi of 1>S5 ti and AJo. 7 of Itali b not repeat d." .Mr. V.'mxii i: rose Pi ±ur?ort the motion of Jfr. Cuwthoriie for the contide- ation of the proposed amended Act, because the way in which things weie managed under the misting Act was cum brous and hard to iie understood. (A laugh.) As one of tile Committee appuij'ted to draw up the -draft of the proposed Art, he liad endeavoured to i 3y tis much attention to the matter as possi'ile: but he did not understand half so much of h as he might have done if i it were easier to lie nadeis-ioud. (Laughter.) The pr-rsent nrraitgeMent was not so popular as it should he, and.under it the Institute would never prosper. He reff-red to tiie -ray in which the (ioveruots were appointed, and characterized it as unfair io the subscribers. Vvith regard to the Philosophical Society he did not object to its being : connected with tiie Institute, because its monthly meetings .were reported liy the press, and a great ileal or ii'jormalio:! thereby disseminated; but lie objected lo tlie So-ieiy of Arts being part of the Institute, iie«iu>e that Society met hut once a year, ami from that tint' to the next year nothing was I; card of it. lie Ilea' iieen a subscriber to the Institute for Ji years, and with the exception ei .the new building the Insftute was the.same now as it was when .he first joined it; there was no ad vancement at all—(cheers)—ami that was due to the present Act. The proposed new Act pro vided for the appointment of a Committee of Management. chosen from the members of the Institute; and he had in .doubt that, under the amended Aet. something would he produced worthy of an Institute. With reference to what liad.'pecn said at a former meetmg as to the mem bers pot having power to act for themselves, he be lieved.they hail power.to act for themselves. As to the' money received by ilie Institute from the Go verninept, he contended the Government liad no right to give it unless they saw tliar some good was effected by it, and that tlicy could not expect to see under the"present management. (Cheers.) Mr. Bow.' E said he was not altogether prepared to fall in with tlie principle of the proposed Act, but would take a medium course. His objection to the present Act was because of its unfair repre sentation of memliers of tire Institute. The present Aet provided that the property connected with the Institute should be vested in the Institute: hut he understood that a written compact existed between the present incorporated Societies to prevent (Great uproar" and cries of " Hear, hear.;'! Air. Bowie proceeded to make further observations, the purport of which we were unable to catch, on account of tlie continued uproar, when The Chairman requested the audience to act in an orderly manner. Mr. Bowie continued—-He had one objection to (he proposed new Act, which was, that if the Go vernment gave money to the Institute, they had a right to have some control over the spending of the money; hut under the new Act they could have none, as they appointed none of tlie Go vernors. Mr. Whiting pointed out that all accounts of the Institute would nave to he laid before the Auditor General. And The CHAIRMAN said that that was not the ques tion before the meeting. (Cheers.) Air. Goldsack had no fault to find with the present Aet. The sketch of the proposed Act did not embrace the privileges of the old one. and he would, therefore, support the amendment. AH that had been said in favour of the proposed Act was that the affairs of the Institute were mis managed; but that had nothing to do with the present Act, which, "if carried out iu its integrity, there woukl lie no reason for repealing it. Air. Uoldsack was proceeding to enlarge upon this jioiiit when the Chairman observed that it was a matter of detail and could not then be discussed. Mr. Bowie protested acainst the conduct of the Chairman in allowing Air. Goldsack to canvas the merits of tlie new Act, when he had been himself called to order for doing tlie same thing. A Member made some observations which the Chairman said were irrelevant Another member was proceeding to make some remarks, when he was cut short by tlie Chairman, who insisted that speakers should keep to the matter before tlie meeting. Air. Goldsack held that the appointment of Governors under the present Act was satisfactory, for if the Governors did not give satisfaction in the exercise of their ofiicc tlicy could lie removed by the Government or by a popular vote. It had been said that any numiier of Societies could be incor porated with the Institute under the present sys tem, but that was not correct, as Societies could only gain admission on the approval of the Go vernors. Air. Cawthorne asked Air. Goldsack to point out a part of the Act to bear out his assertion. Air. Goldsack referred to the clause which he alleged to l>car on the point. Mr. Cawthoruc had stated at the former meeting that Societies might l)ow claim admission to the Institute, and with their singing in one corner and dancing in the other, make a Babel of it. (Cheers, shouts, and laughter.) Air. Cawthorne denied lliat he had said any such thing. Air. Goldsack contended he was right in what he had asserted. (Uproar.) The present Act em braced all that was proposed to be embraced in the new one, and more too; for it hail a conservative element in it with reference to the expenditure of money, whereas the system proposed to he adopted iu this respect would be liable to be abused. (Con fusion anil clicers.) Two or three gentlemen here got upon their legs and made some observations, when The Chairman said if matters of detail were to be discussed lie must leave the chair. Mr. Boucaut having with some difficulty ob tained a hearing, proceeded to say tliat there had not been sufficient argument advanced to cause any change in the present system. (Cheers.) He i defied the meeting to understand cither the speech of Air. Cawthorne, given at the former meeting, or the proposed amended Act. (Great uproar and laughter.) Mr. Wliiting was in error in his re marks on the Society of Arts. That Society had got together a great many works of art which for one shilling had been exhibited to the public. The Society of Arts and the Philosophical Society were not supported as the Institute was. Every shillinc paid by subscribers to the Library was expended on the Library, and that might be con sidered a set-o.T to what! iscn rolled the unfair representation of the menibirs. Mr. Whiting had said he had suhscrilwd to the Institute for nearly eleven years; hut that was not correct, for the Institute had not been in existence for that period. The gist of the proposed Act was that 75 per cent, of the proceeds of the Institute should ga towards the augmentation of the Iibraiy- The rest of the Act was only the ghost of an Act. During the delivery of Sir, Boucaut's remarks the uproar at times was so great, and the interruptions so fre quent, that it was impossible to hear all that he j said. Mr. C.wvthorxe rose to ask Mr. Boucaut to sub stantiate his statement as to the 75 per cent., when The Chairmak ruled that the question could only be put through him, which being done Mr. Boucaut read from the clause referred to, and said that it- provided that 75 per cent, of the proceeds of the institute should go towards the augmentation of the library, and the remainder should be expended at the discretion of the Com mittee. The proposed Act would have the eilect of converting the Institute into a mere library. Hie present Act provided that every subscriber to one of the incorporated Societies shall, in virtue of such subscription, be a member of the Institute. What could be fairer than that! He was allowed to take home books and attend the Kcadiag-room, but he had no right to the private exhibition of the works of any other incorporated Society. (Cheers.) Mr. Fraxcis supported the amendment. Before the present Act was done away with, it should be shown that they had something better to put in its place. He would remind them that the 500?. a vear was not all that the Institute had received from Government1: there was the cost of the build ing as well. The Government had acted wisely in endowing the Institute and Lilirarv for the benefit of the country. All the new Act proposed to do was to augment the library: but under tlie old Act the interests of education, literature, and the fine arts were fostered, and the whole country was bene At this stage of the proceedings, manv cries of " Divide'" were heard, and two or tliree members claimed a right to speak farther on the question. Mr. Cawthorne demanded a right of reply before the amendment was nut, but, amidst uproar and laughter, was denied it by the Chairman, who ruled that he could only have a right of reply on the Griginal motion. Alter much confusion, the amendment was put and carried by a very large majority, upon which there ensued tremendous cheers and shouts of laughter, intermingled with expressions of indig nation from those against the amendment. Mr. Cawthornt vehemently protested that it was unfair that he should have been denied the right to reply to the oliservs.tions on the amend ment, and subsequently handed the following pre test to our reporter, requesting its insertion:— "To THE EDITOR OF THE REGISTER. "Sir—I have to protest on behalf of myself and the Committee I am associated witli against "the conduct of the Chairman of the meeting held'last I night in cut allowing me tlic right of reply,"and suddenly concluding the meeting in the miftst of the greatest uproar ami xonfusion. I am, Sir, &c.; "W. A. CAWTHORNE." 