ROYAL VICTORIAN CAVALRY .RACESA buturday, May 2utb. Stewards—Lieitt.-CuL Anderson, Lieut. Coi. Ross, Major Stewart, Major Greene, I Lieut. Richardson, Mr Higgins, .Mr Dovvliug, I Capt. aud Adjt. Burton. Judge—J as. lien-j dersou. Hon. clerk or the course -Mr A. Green. l The barney between the promoters of this annual meeting and tho trustees of the Mel bourne Racecourse, had the effect of delay ing it to so unusually late a period, and as a consequence the attendance was very scanty, the weather uncommonly bleak aud cbilly, aud altogether the racecourse put on an ap pearance of a most discouraging character. There was a solitary booth on the hill, aud its double on tbe flat, in the vicinity of which there was an appearance of animation; but elsewhere, on the grand stand, the hill, the saddling paddock, everything looked bleak and desolate The racing as a whole was interesting, the hurdle race especially serving to infuse a little life into the spectators, who admired the right gallant struggle between Cadger and Falcon for tbe honor of the Cavalry Welter Handicap. The Doctor won the G'avalp- Galop aud the Artillery Challenge Cup, in both contests, Black Bess tieing up closely. There is a shadow, of a doubt whether but for Tiger falling, he would not have been lauded tbe winner.. After pitch ing Speedy otf his back, he continued bisgallop past the winning poBt to put in a claim for | second position, but tbe judge disqualified I him fur not having brought his rider with I him.. '..... The Melbourne aud Esseudon Railway ! Company have the monopoly of conveying j persons to aud from the race course, aud tbe \ advantage will no doubt prove profitable to j tbe company, as it assuredly is' convenient '■ to the public. The following are the events j which took place... .j Chai.le.noe Cur, value 70 kovs, thegift.of-Licut- , Colonel J. H. Itoss, with a sweepstakes of 3 bovs added. Distance, one'mile and a'half. '; Weight, 12st Tib. ltegiinental qualification! * for Troopers only. To. be challenged yearly, until won three times in succession by the same ; member. . ! Mr Greeaaway's b g Orphan, aged .. I Mr Grant's b g Tauiar, aged ... 2 The race was won easily by Orphan, Royal Victoria Cavalry Handicap, of 100 sqvs. Distance, ooe inilo and a half. Entry, 5 sovs. Mr J Lamb's bg Attila, aged, 7«t 71b Mr Henderson's uh m Dispatch, 0 yrs, 8st 91b Mr J Greenaway's b in Birdswiug, 1 yrs, Cat 91b Mr H Yeend's br g Haphazard, aged, Sst 21b 0 Mr J It Covrell's bl g The Barber, aged, Sst 21b ... 0 Mr JKelly's br h Main royal, 4 yrB, XsfrMb.;. \ 0 Mr tv S KvanWi.bl m Black .Beis, 5 yra,$st.> 51b ' • '' • ... s Six horses started, Black .Be^s firing scratched, Birdswing led the riiimiiig but soou resigned her position to Dispatch, who with Attila soon cut out tiie race lor them selves, Dispatch only being beaten by a length. Royal^Artillehy Challenge Cup, value 100 eovs; sweepstakes, 3 ecjvh. Distance, two miles. Weight 12st 71b. For horses the pro perty of, and to be ridden by, members of the late Mounted Artillery Corps only. Regi mental qualification. Previous winners free entry. Mr Messiter'sb g Doctor,.6 yrs ..1 Mr R. F, Greene's br b The Thames, 5 yrs.'. Mr Dowling'B bl m Lucretia, 5 yrs ... 3 Mr T. Davies's bl m Black Bess, aged ... 0 Mr J. Wilson's br g Tiger, aged ... " Jlr Grant's b g Tarras, aged Tarrasdid not show. Tiger, The Thames, and Doctor made the running, the rest being nowhere. When in turning the corner to the straight run home Tiger, who was slightly in advance, fell, and the race lav be tween The Thames and the Doctor, the latter winning by a length or two. Cavalry Welter Handicap Hurdle Race, value 53 soys , entry 3 soys. Distance, about two miles. Open to all horses.. To be ridden by members of hunt clubs, members of metro politan race clubs, and members of all volun teer corps. All professional riders excluded, Mr R. F. Greene's b g Cadger, aged, 12st ... 1 Mr J. Campbell's bg Falcon, f yrs, list 3fr G. Watson's gr g Fred, aged, ]2st 71b Mr Greenaway's br g Sam Slick, aged, llBt 71b Sir Greenawav'sb g Orphan, aged, Hist 2ld...acr This was an excellent race and lay in fact between Cadger aud Falcon, neither Fred or Sam Slick having the ghost of a chance. Throughout the race Cadger ' and Falcon ran together without any perceptible advantage to either, taking their fences in a very business-like manner. Both rose to the last fence together, but Cadger, by dint of spurring and whip ping, contrived to win by half a length. Falcon was kept well in band throughout the race, aud was neither whipped or spurred, and an impression prevailed that a little bit of whipcord might have been of very good service judiciously applied. Cavalry Gallop, value 50 poys; entrance, 3 fiovs ; distance, one mile and a half. Open to all members of mounted volunteer corps in Victoria. Regimental qualifications. Weights not under list Tib. Mr Jiessiter's b g Doctor, C yrs Mr Evans's bl in Black lteas, 5 yrs ... _ Mr Greenaway's b g Orphan, aged ... (S Mr R. F. Greene's br b The Thames, 5 yrs .. Mr Watmoush's b g , aged Mr Dowling's bl m Lucretia, 5 yrs ... 0 Mr J. Davics's b m Marco, aged ... 0 Mr Sparkes's Beehunter, 3 yrs ...set. Beehunter was scratched. This was. also .a good race and was cnt ontby Black Bess and the Doctor, who went in front, the latter winning with some exertion and a sharp struggle- Tile Thames maintained a re spectable position asthirduntil he had passed the distance post, when his owner pulled him up. Regimental Cai.i.op, of 20 sovs. lVut entry, one gov; distance, one mile. Open to mem bers of all mounted corps in Victoria, and to be ridden by members in the uniform of their, re spective corps. Regimental qualifications. Weights not under list 71b. There were half a dozen entries for this even:, but it was delayed so long that the patience of the public tired, and with the majority our reporter left the course before it came off. 