VABIETIES Moving for a new trial — courting a second wife. 'A proof before letters.' A postage stamp. ' What blessings children are !' as the parish-clerk said when he took the fee lor christening them ' I haven't another word to say, wife— I never dispute with fools.' ' No, husband, but you are very sure to agree with them.' Eoswell observing to Johnson that there was no in- tance of a beggar dying for want in the streets of Scot land, the latter replied, ' I believe, sir, you are right, but this does not arise from the want of beggars, but the impossibility of starving a Scotchman.' An Irish housemaid who was seat to call a gentleman to dinner, found hiin engaged in using a toothbrush. ' Well, is he coming ?' said the lady of the house, as ths servant returned. ' Yes, ma'am, directly,' was the re ply, ' he's just sharpening his teeth.' Shasta, California, being the bead of ' Wo-baw' navi gation, the hotel, in this flourishing town were full to overflowing when Judge B arrived and asked ths landlord for a room. The landlord greatly regretted ths fact, but ' there was but one opportunity even to sleep beneath his roof, and that was in a double bed, already occupied by a 'son of the Emerald Isle,' — a miner from the neighbouring countrv, who was well acquainted with Judge ' by reputation.' The Judge, makings virtue of necessity, agreed to sleep with Pat for ths night, and was shown into the room by Boniface, who waked Pat and told him who was 10 be his bedfellow. Fat was agreed. Conversing for some time after getting into bed, the Judge said Pat, you would have re mained a long time in the old country before yon could have slept with a Judge, would you not?' 'Yes, yer Honour,' said Pat, ' and I think yer Honour would havs been a long time in the ' Ould Counthry' before ye'd been a Judge, too.' There are three things that none of Ihe young men of the present generation can do. They can't sit over their wine; they can't play at whist; anu tbey can't pay s lad.v a compliment. Thinking with most people amounts to little more than passively receiving the thoughts of some one else. The easiest and best way to expand the cheat is to have a good large heart in it. It eaves the cost of gym nastics. Captain Walker, late oi the Qalway line, has bets appointed to the command of the ' Great Eastern.' Why is an unknown lane like love ? Because it may lead you astray, Bnd you cannot help wondering where it will end. ' So you arc going to keep a school,' said a young lady to her old maiden aunt ; ' well, for my part, sooner than do that, I would marry a widower with nine children.' ' I should prefer that myself/ was the quiet reply ; ' hut where is the widower?' A reverend sportsman wasonce boasting of his infalli ble skill in finding shore. ' If,' said a quaker who was there ' I were a hare, X would take my seat in a place where I should ho sure of not being disturbed by thee irom the first of January to the lost of December.'" ' Why, where would you go ?' ' Into thy church.' King James I gave all manner of liberty and encour agement to the exercise of buffoonery, and took great delight in it himself. Happening once to beorsomewbat liaru on one of his Scotch courtiers, ' By my soul,' re turns the peer. ' he that made your Majesty & king spoiled the best fool in Christendom.' An old woman met in the street a friend whom she bad not seen for a long time. ' Oh, my friend !' she cried, 'bow are you since 1 saw you last ? Was it you or your sister that died some months ago ? I saw ft in the pa per.' ' It was my sister/ replied simplicity ; ' we were both sick ; she died, but I was most decidedly the worst. An American correspondent states that it has been de termine d. in the event of tho cot'on States being invaded by the Northern army (which however dues not seen; probable), to upply the torch to the cotton in the gin- houses 'following the example of the Russians, who consigned Moscow to the flames rather than Napoleon should possess their property.' A few nights since Tom Jones went home to his wife in rather n disguised condition, lie had drunk so often to the success of our volunteers, that he was compelled to eat a handful of cloves to remove the smell of whiskey. While undress ng, his wife detected the perfume oi the spice, and said, Good gracious, Tom, how dreadfullv you smell of cloves !' — ' Eh,' said Tom, starting. ' cloves" ' Yes, cloves ; any one would think you have been em balmed like a mummy !' This made his wits go wool gathering. ' Phew ! you arc regularly scented with tbem. Where have you been to night ?' continued Lis wife. Tom was thrown entirely oif his guard, bis brain rambled, and, without the remotest idea ol what he woe saying, replied, ' W-h-y— hie— Clara, the fact is; I have just been ou a little trip to the East I ndies, and while I was there I iell over a spice box.' Then she knew whet was the matter. A thought written in warm sunny life, and then sud denly rising up to us, when the hand that traced and ttie heart that cherished it are dust, is, verily, as a gboet. It is a likeness struck oft' the fond human being and surviving it. Far more truthful than bust or portrait, it bids us see the tears flow aud the pulse beat. What ghost cau the churchyard yield to us like the writing of the dead. _ What renders man uDjust ? Arc not errors and preju dices the causes of the abuse of power, if you really wish to prevent the commission of injustice, you must first re move error and prejudice. Anyone intrusted with power will abuse it, if not also connected with the love oiiruth und virtue, uo matter whether he be a prince or one of the people. Hasty conclusions are the mark of a fool : a wise 'man doubteth— a fool rageth and|is confident: the novice saith ' I am sure it is so the learned answers, ' Pejy adventure it may bo so, but I prithee inquire.' 8ome men ure drunk with fancy, and inad with opinion. It is a little learning, and but a little, which makes man conclude hastily. Experience aud humility teaob mo desty and fear It is an evil thing needlessly to cause a human being pain ; but it is a fearlul thing to inflict it on a creature that cannot speak, but it must be that there is always somcwhero a tongue to tell, a mysterious witness to bear testimony. Sergeant Onslow wns changing horses at the White Hart, nt lleigate, ouo day, the landlady of which kept calling Iiini captain. ' \Vhat are you captaining my master for J' said the servant when he gothernway ' Dont you know its Svrgeant Ouslow V ' Yes, yes,' answered the laudlndy, with a knowing look, ' i know he's only a sergeant, but they like to be called Captains.' ' There arc three points iu this case, may it please your honour ;' said the defendant's counsel, 'In the .first place wc contend that the kettio wns cracked, when wa borrowed it ; secondly, thnt it wns whole when we to- turned it; and thirdly, tliRt \n ncYtr bud it/ -j 