LAUNCESTON EXAM INER. 'Saturday, Septemlcr 7, 1861. CONSTITUTIONAL IIISTORY.-IIOUSE OF LORDS. Tne continual additions to the Lords have changed the constitution and character of the House. Mr. May says that only twenty- nine temporal peers received writs to the first Parliament of Henry VII. At the death of Queen Elizabeth they numbered fifty-nine. The Stewarts, by new creations, raised the number to one hundred and fifty, to which eighteen were added by William III. and Anne. During the reign of the latter twelve peers were created at once to turn a majority in favor of the Court. There were one hundred and fifty-four peers at the time of the Union, but only sixteen representative peers were admitted and elected each Parliament. This was scant justice in a House were twenty-six bishops sat to make laws for Presbyterian Scotland. But this inequality has been rectified in the course of time. Last year the total number of Scottish peers amounted to seventy-eight, of whom no less than forty sit in Parliament by virtue of British peerages created in their favor since the Union. On the Union of Ire land in 1801, twenty-eight representative peers, elected for life, were admitted to seats in Parliament. No Scottish peers could be created after the Union, and steps were taken to reduce the number of the Irish to one hundred, and they have been kept at this figure ever since, as the Crown is only authorised to create a new peerage in place of one that becomes ex tinct. Another peculiarity is that Irish peers may sit in the House of Commons for any place in Great Britain-not in Ireland. In a letter to the Earl of Listowel, M.P. for St. Albans, in 1841, the following passage occurs :--" A peer, and in your own right--and yet a peer without rights i Possessor of a name, of a dignity having no better reality than in a sound. . . True.you are at this mo ment a legislator, but by no right of birth, and only as a commoner; and again as representative of an English town, not for one in Ireland. However great your stake in that country, you could not, though fifty places were held open for you, accept one; 'your marrowless dignity gliding ghost-like to forbid the proffered seat." At the Union there were twenty bishoprics in Ireland, which in 1833 were to be reduced to ten: four lords spiritual were sent to the House of Peers to sit by rotation of sessions, and of whom an archbishop is always to be one. In 1860 the House consisted of foulr hundred and sixty lords, temporal and spiritual; the hereditary peers being three hundred and eighty-five, exclusive of peers of the blood royal. Mr. May. observes: "At no distant period the Scottish peerage will probably become absorbed in that of the United Kingdom. One half their number have already been absorbed; more may hereafter be ad mitted to the House of Lords; and as no new creations can be made we may for see the ultimate extinction of all but six teen Scottish peers, who will then pro bably be created hereditary peers of Parliament. The Act of Union will have worked itself out; and a parliamentary incorporation of the two countries will be consummated-more complete than any which the most sanguine promoters of the Union could in their visions of the future have foreshadowed." In 1860 there were one hundred and ninety-three Irish peers, exclusive of one peeress and Armagh, of which the King of Hanover is earl. Seventy-one of these had seats in Parlia ment as peers of the United Kingdom. These, with the twenty-eight representa tive Irish peers, make the total ninety nine in the House of Lords. By this fusion of the peerage of the three king doms the House of Lords has become more representative in its character. 