DOMESTIC AND GENERAL i^EWis. LEOTOUK O» THE Atp ACÁ.-" Tha Alpana; Intro, daoticninto Australis, and the probabilities of its *Se!i matioo There,", was the subject of an interesting pap^r, by Mr. George Ledger, read at the last meeting of the Sceirty of Arts. Tba author began by giving a descrip- tion of the alpaca, the Hams, and other animals of a similar kind, natives of Sontb America. The llama was mach used in Fera as a beast of barden, and its wool was employed in the manufacture of cordage, carpets, beds, coverlets. Seo. Tbe alpaca was of a smaller size, and its wool was remarkably soft and beautiful. It ap- j peared that, avon in the 16th century, and probably ' earlier, tbePeruvians employed it in the prod nation-of textures of much delicaoy and beauty. Notwithstand- ing the remarkable quality of the alpaca wool.it was long before th« value was appreciated in Europe. According to the beat authorities the first parson wno produced a marketable fabric in England was Mr. Beojtmin Outram, in 1830, of Greetland, near Halifax. His fabrics were, however, destitute of the peculiar gloss and I beauty which distinguished th* alpaca fabrics of later times, and after a short period the manufacture was abandoned. Mr. Titus Salt was the'first who really wool, and tba fa bries made from it were rio» well tn o arrióles of commerce. Statistics ehowed that the qui tlty imported bad gone on steadily increasing np about 3,600,000 lb. last y ar. The author expressed I opinion that th's supply would be hardly maintain unless a better system of eonduoUng the trade in Soo 'America was introduced. Having ' touched--upon soi other animals of a Blmilar kind, be proceeded to d scribe the efforts made by his brother; liri Charl Ledger, to introduoe the alpaca, and the eueoesB wbii attended them. He appeared to bare been exposed' many great difficulties and dingers in'getting tbe an ?maisout of Pem, the government then ubsolutely pr bibiting tbeir exportation. Th» plan hs adopted waa have the flocks, which numbered about 370, driven fir into tba Argentine Confederation, and thence into Chi from whence they were shipped intoSjdney. Numero* extract» were piren from the letters and reports Of M Charlea Ledger, tending to show that the animals thrive welf and increased in numbers; that tbe grass found j Australia was Baited for their food ; and that tbe alpae might DOW be justly regir J-id as an Australian anima In attempting to estimate tbe probable results to on oolonies of the introduction of the alpaca, tba antbo drew attention to the benefit they had originally derive from the introduction of Hheep, whioh bad so enormous! increased in numbers. In conclusion he gave an esti mata of the probable inorease of tbe alpaca in Austral! during the next 60 years, and pointed out how large), the commerce of the colony, and indeed of the who! w rid, would thus be benefited. PATERSON V. BONAPIBTE.- Vf a stated in our last tba the oase of "Paterson v. Bonaparte" tad come "befori the Tribanal of First Instanoo at Paris oo January 30 The point of this ease wa», whether Mita Paterson's mar riage with the late Prince Jerome Bonaparte was lega or not The arguments on both sides were of great length M. Berryer, advocate tor the plaintiff, denied ttjat tht marriage, as alleged, was clandestine, orin fraud of th« law. Miss Paterson was 18, and Jerome Bonaparte 31, and the wedding was celebrated by a bishop in tba pre. senoe of a French consul. The marriage status had lasted from 1803 to 1800, and th« decres of the Fm peror annulling the contract oonld bava no force over s mariage contracted before be was Emperor. Moreover, when the decree was issued, Jerome wa» not a French prince, and therefore not subject' to tbe exceptional jurisdiction of tba imperial house. Letters wore read in whioh Prince Napoleon spoke of the claimant at his brother, and it was proved that the present Emperor bad settled the crown on the descendants of Jerome Bonaparte " by bis marriage with Princess Catherine of Wurtemberg," thus implicitly acknowledging the existence of another marriage. M. Berryer also affirmed that his oliont did not otaim to be a member of the imperial family, bat only of the family of the Emperor. M. Alton's rejoinder con- sisted partly of allegations that Miss Paterson knew she only obtained a obanoe, that her father condemned her in his will, and that the legality of the marriage; even in America, was doubtful ; but it rested mainly on the fact that the question submitted for consideration bad been decided by a oompetent tribanal. This last ground was the ground on wbioh the judgment (delivered ' on February 16) prooeeded. A family oourioil,,' summoned by the present Emperor in tbs year 1850, and another in 1860, bad already negatived tba plaintiff's olaim : and it was ruled that that decision was binding.. Tho Court ordered that mention should be' made of the: present judgment in the margin of the deed 'of the 10th' of-July, 1800, containing the declaration of the acceptance, under bar »flt of inventory, by Jerome Bonaparte, .one of tbe plaintiff«, of the succession of Prince Jerome. It further condemned the plaintiffs to pey thé coats. ; TBS BEV. MB. POOLE'S CASE.-An ' interesting Judgment may be shortly expected from the ? Judicial Committee of the Privy Council on' the appeal of .the Rev, Alfred Poole, against the decision ot Dr. Lush- ington, in the matter of Mr.'Poole's'dismissal from his cursoy at Knightsbridge, by the Bishop of London. The oase bas been argued before the, committee, and they have reserved their {ndomfant. !| ' Jssus COIXÏOE.-Io 1713, the Betörend-Edmund Meyriob bequeathed alarga property to Jesus College, Oxford.' In a uodioll made in the same year, be direoted that a portion of tba prooeeds of the estate abould be applied to fonnd and maintain a grammar school at Bala; The college authorities have continued to pay to the sohool the sum specified in pounds sterling in the oodioil, although the value of the estate bas increased. Under these ', circumstances, the Attorney.Oeneral applied to the Master of tbe Bolls to order that all the surplus over and above wh t was required to satisfy certain speoiflod claims of Jesus College upon the fund should be applied to the- sohoo). The Master of tho Bolls bas decided that the sohool oan. not claim tbe whole of the surplus, but be 'bas direoted that the sohool is entitled to suoh a proportion of the rents as £117s,, a surplus specified in the will, , bore ta the rents at tbs time, CCBIOUS AppLTOAnoK FOB Drvonca.-Some weeks ego a young lady at Liverpool petitioned tbe Divorce Court that her marriage mightbe annulled on.tbe ground that she laboured, at the time of the marriage/ nnder some mental delusion, and that she had been married under a false name. The man whom ahe married was an omnibus conductor, and tba marriage took- place clandestinely. O sting to the novelty af the onse, Sir Cresswell Cresswell took time to consider its legs! points. On the 10th February he prononnsed judgment. He held that tbe marriage was a valid one. Tbs oeremony bad been performed by license, which did not render correot names a tine gua non. In tba case of marriage hy banns the aoouraoy of the Christian name and eur name ia essential. ELEVATION OK A POMTIOAT. FEFUQEB.-The following, singular statement is made by the Nuremburg. Courier : " A German refugoo, compromised In tbe attack of Frank- fort, Herr Koerner, settled in the United State9, at Bol. ville, in the state of Illinois, wbieh nnmbers amongst itt 13,000 inhabitants 8000 Germans. A distinguished law- yer, be was eleoted by the Legislature, ' and discharged for some the funotiona of Vioe.Governor of Illinois. He was on intimate terms with.Mr. Lincoln ; and it is tc the votes of the Germans inhabiting the tlvo »tates ol Illinois, Indiana, Ohio, Iowa, end Wisconsin, tbat the new President is indebted for his mcjority. Hen Koerner, who had placed his oratorical talents at the service of his friend, is to be appointed minister of thc United States at Berlin.' The political rofugee leturni to his country as an ambassador." MtrnsEk nt int Ins or WIOHT.-As the people of Byde were ooming from charon on Sunday, tbe 17ih, they heard that a man named Henry Licy, a small farmer in the neighbourhood, and well known in the town, was in custody cn tba ohnrgn of having" murdered his wile. This rumeur, unfortunately, proved true, Lacy ocotipied a farm at Westridge, known os Old-bouBe farm, situate about a mile and a half from Byde on the ^Brading road. He is tho son of ai labouring mon in the neighbourhood, but becoming possessed of somo means by bis marriage be was enabled to take this farm, which he bad ooenpied now for ton or twelve years. Lo cy is a giant in both sise and strength, snd it ia mnoh feared that tbe evidence which will bo given at the inquest will show that be hod been "habitually ill-treating bia un- fortunate wife. The farm-bouso is situated in a lonely spot, there not being a habitation within half a mile of i', and tl e only inmates were Licy and his wife, and a woman named Susan Wilder, a nicco of the latter. In November a summons w»B issued against Lacy for an assault upon this woman, but the matter was arranged without mtgisterial interference. Lacy was of very intemperate habits, and bad been drinking freely at Newport on Saturday, which place lie had visited, accompanied by Susar, Wilder, the niece. He returned to the farm-bouso about ten o'clock in the evening. Tbe horrible event, fall particulars respecting which will not be known till tho inquest, must have cc I curwd shortly afterwards. All that is at present known may be stated in a few wtrds. The murdered woman has been con Hued ta ber bed for some lima past, and on Sunday morning her medical attendant, Mr. Ollard, ot Hyde, was called upon by the farm carter, and requested to visit bis patient at once, as tho had accidentally fallen down stott?. When UihrJ strived at the farm, hu | t found Íáe¿ tn * »iolent »IM« of excitement, «ni ev I- í i dent ly under the iofluenee of drink. Ha i> f > d lo> > »How th*t gentleman to see bis wife, and the answer* giteo to icquiries br the nieoe were BO unsatisfactory f that Mr. Ollard considered it hia duty at one» to oommanica'e with the police. Sergt ant King and another police constable, with Mr. Finager ( -tao a surgeon of Ryde, accompanied Mr. Ollard on bia -» -. A.S soon as Lioy saw tba polije-oflkers he mads) " rcttu*. *-s attack upon the constable, hut the police- jr a despera.. -.nea closed with bim, and after a short sergeant at v. -red by tbe handcuffs. Oo proceed* st.'Oggle he was se».. 'ble apeotaele presented itself, ing iTOstalrs a most bora., unfortunate woman, her I On tba bed lay tba body Of «... »idenei» of ber basins; features presenting the strangest %. -emassofbruises, been bruta*'» murdered. Her beau *?«*>.. the body, and there w^re wounds on various patts w "ent to which was reu'tVced by disease or want of noarisbu. "*. that of'a mere skeleton. The beddress iii' iJIiííb «w had been murdered1 had been taken off. and was oof for - be found. The corp.Hs had been oarefully washed anet laid out, and it is evidtot some idea existed of passing off the story of her bering fallen down atairp. Sergeant King, finding Lacy Jika)/ to offer a great résist- ance, returned to Ryde for a oarriage and . assist* ance. The police, officers were compelled to strap* bis legs, and it waa . vrit/> great difficulty her' was brought to the station. . It wai not till the ] following _ , morning t, that he .became) ,. oonscioua of bis awful situation. At tbs inquest aérerai witnesses were examined, from whose evidence it ap- peared that Laer bad thrown bis wife downstair?, and that she died from the injuries she received.- Basan Wilder, the niece of the deeewsed, appears !» have bena implicated in tho occurrence, ot at ali event*, sh« knew of it, and endeavoured to-coo erv 1 the fact that Li ey bul thrown his wife downstairs, and represented that .ah* had fallen down. Lacy is a man of drunken ha ct's, and it is supposed that be was fotoxiàitted : when Ire .com. milted the crime. The deceased had several bruise*, and marks of blood were found on her clothes and oar thar 1 bed where she bad been lying; The.', jury. returned1. a» verdict) of wilful murder against Lacy, who has beat« committed to Winchester Gaol. The woman Wilder, who ii of rather repulsive appearance, bbxa been examine* before the- magistrates of Ryde,, and remanded on a> eharge of having on the 17th instant,-well knowing tba» one Henry Lacey had then and there feloniously killed* and murdered one Jane 1 soy, feloniously relieved, com- forted, and assisted the said Henry Lacy. > . DroooVBitY or ian BOOT or THE; UW CAPTAIN BOYD -r Tbe body of Captain Boyd was found, ibm (Monday) morning at half-past ten o'clock by William- Pr.ltobard, of Holyhead,, proleasional diver. The remains w.ere easily/ recognised SB those of the lamented- officer, '.The bouy was nearly naked, and was in an advanoed af* te of de. composition; the. bair, whiskers, fia., wes** perte*. *.. Much sensation was caused here when it beoaaxara, kt.own that tbe body was round; crowds visited thé*,»1» make inquiries. When found tbe body was- UBTU\» - tho wreok of the Neptune, where ehe struck elose to rô» pie-V It must have been kept dawn by the wreok; Ulna rev mains were at onoe brought on board HiM.S A, i»»> Lieutenant Mbrrell immediately sent on shore to-fht*. rn the polios, who have sent for the ooroner.-HiitAV 'in j Kttenfs^-ilfatl. , '. .: A Vxrsv IN- PAMS.-The Paris correspondent of" Ka. e> Court Journal gives an account of a singnlar'duel wHfíét!» was fought a law days ago in that city. The combatan* ? were a.young daoayed nobleman and a- rich yoruna, banker, and the oause was, of oourse, a- lady. Uti former having the right or the choice or weapons-, govi looted the sword,- and it was deoided that" the affala^ should come off in the nobleman's smoking-room.' Tba**i morrow came-tba banker'climbed up the visoonnl"*»-i slippery stair» and. was shown into tha smoking-room^-J .where, upon a new and flowery carpet, stood tho viscount ^ smiling blandly, in dressing gown and slippers.- before* -. a tremendous, fire. The witnesses soon made all' readyv tbe dobtor was stationed in . the next rnomrand lba>-> combatants set to at their deadly work. In a-<few mioutei the banker stood pinned through the flashy- - part of bis right arm to the wadded wainscot of the room** and in a few minutes nore was laid upon the viscount's)*' bed, with the dootor standing over him, and his two friends handling the lint, and rags, and ointment whiola. bis cave required.,' . ., ? , , PnioHTrui, . Ar^Ain rs FRANCS.-An extraordinary affair is related in the Bennes journals. The wife of s> small farmer went .to the pol loo of Morlaixy-. and«, stating tbaj sha had just murdered ber thn-e jouogr children," begged to be taken into custody. Sb» Maid that she and her husband had long lived cn bad termav and that he had frequently beaten, her, and "even») expressed a wish to see her dead. Fearing that hr would! murder her, and tbat her ohildieo would be ra. used to> m'sery, she resolved to kill the latter. Accordingly,- »rx» tbat'day she bad taken the two elder,|a girl aged seven, and/ a boy, oged four<years, to a deep rivulet at some distance*,, and had, in spite of their oiies, thrown them in. Whilst, they were struggling in tba water, sha went borne, and* put, her youngest obild, a girl aged three mrnths, into aa tub of water. Then she returned to the rivulet, and Hading both children dead, got out the tod es,-and placed them on the bank ; next , she went home, aadV «? finding the youngest child dead in. the tub, piara*- it ont a bed ; after which sba.locked the door, and carried that key to her, husband, who was working in field at no guatVi distance ; Bhe then entered the town, and gav« herself into custody.' The story proved correct. She is supposed to be mad. MURDEH OF AN.ENOM n CLOWN AT CON TANTINOPIJE. On Monday evening u oowardly murder wan committed near tbe Tèl ù,- under eiraumstanoes of suoh trivial pro vocation aa give to the orime an unusual degree of guilt« \- eruelty. Turee manquais-one of them a woman-wer» swaggering noisily- down the streot in tb» q tarter* ira, \- question, BB Howard, oas of the English clowni at Boul lier's Circus, and some hienda were leaving a oafe in.tha , neighbourhood. Tba dominoed ruffians, with 'whomw acurrilouB license passed for wit, addressed some remark, of the former sort- io Howard and bis companions, Jt» whioh the Englishman promptly replied. FromohafiU, ing" tho word-play, soon grew to worse, and, the mas : qtiers still coming off second best, one of ibtm sidled op- to poor Howard and Blabbed him deep into the-abdo-. men before tbe cowardly intention could be perceived.. Tho ruffians then, fled, but pursuit being made, ., the woman was seized-her male companions sucasededi in making good thtlr escape down a couple oft tho ' narrow, and dark lanes in the neigh- bourhood. The vialim of this dastardly eat was speedily, carried up to the hospital of the Sisters of Charity ; hut,., though every care was thero lavished upon him, the poor, fellow died during the night. The aotual assassin is said to be an Italian, known to tbe police. One of.his. associates, a tinker named Maroo, end who is believed to ?< ? have been his companion on Monday evening, ls- in. custody. A JUDOE BrtotraaT TO JUDOMENT.-A asna of a curious, and bomorouB obaraoter was beard at th« Lambeta, police-court on the 18 b. A prisonor named AgUr, who» had received some stolen property, w»s epprehendedY under the following circumstances :-A pohce-oflloer named Shepherd having learned that Agler had disposed of the cloak on the evening that it had boen.stolen, pro- ceeded on Sunday night, aooompauiod by anotbrr.ofuottr» to a beerahop, and on entering tho elub-tonm found a "judge and jury " formed, over which Agler.presider*, and upwards of 30. persons assembled. Having; neglected their duty to " My lord and tho gentleman of tho jury," and not ' only walked in witta their bats on, but remained covered, they were at once called to acooant by tba ofllcor of tho court, end fined by tba judge fnr the indig- nity of ' which they had been guilty. Tniy au> e next placed on their' trial and ohargol with breaking into rn manufactory in the neighbourhood, destroying machinery to the amount of £200, and also stealing a qumtity ot fish from the premisos. A mooki trial, was gonn through, which excited much laughter at their own expense. The officer oalled to prove the oasegavo the naroo " Sergeant Copping," and Baid fae detested the thieves by a bone of the Ash they had stolen sticking in the throat nf nae of them ; and the judge having summed up, th« jury,after due deliberation, found them guilty. The jud-e com- mented with muob severity upon the serious oharunter of their offence, ar d sentenocd them to poy a .' brown" raab; upon »hich Shepherd approached Ibo bench, and requested n few words in private with bis Inrdiuip. His request was grantrd, but before leaving bia perch, his mock lordship begged tho court and jury to HI ouse bia temporary absence, end followed the offlocr down Blairs. Shepherd at onco disclosed bis real ohnracter, and charged the prisoner with receiving and disposing of a clo»k, well knowing it to have bèen stolen. Agler de-, nlfd the charge, and requested to return to bis duty,andi ' finish tho proceedings of tho night. The offlaers. how-, ev. r, refused to indulge him, and walked him to the sta-, tion house and locked him up. TUB CAIHO- C'uitT-MAnTxtL.-Tho revelations randa by tbe Cairo court-martial are destitute of interest, lfmir offlaers were tried, but the witnesses who were called forward were generally more in fault than the prisoners'. On what prinoiple the prisoners were eingledout ap- pears to be quite unintelligible. One witness admitted bavin? said, . How d'ye do, old felUw," as the Pacha passed him in the mosque, but tn a very low tone of voice. The others implicated merely laughed anti bowed in the mosque and overturned earthenware lamps in the street. Tl:e evidence failed fully tn conviât any of them of being intoxicated on the occasion. Tho sentence of tbe court-martial is net yet knoirn. Tba singular story of Lieutenant R, C. Kennedy Ia one of tbo subjects on the tap's at present. This gmllcman. when at Damascus, thought proper to drms, appal-. Çûd act like a native ol tbe place, chiefly, as. UQ tal ', .o po, IT1T""1' HP' tW hi« knowledge oi Atablo, Ho gav* ont that hi« t»o«he» was . Mahorornedan, andi td mit tad having roar-, ried « Mussulmanaa lo Damascus while he had a Mus- sulman wife living in Bombay. T e gravest eharge mainot him was, that ha spoke against the British G -vurnroent, and wished well to the canse of the rebel--. Ile has been dismissed from the army by order of the Secretary cf Stale.-Overland Friend of India, Jan. 23. NAPIER'S PATENT.-The following is reported among the proceedings of the Jadioial Committee ot the Privy C mncil, on Janmry 31:-An application was made to the trastees of ihe English and Australian Copper Com. Sany for a prolongation of the letters patent, granted to [r. tfapier in M ireh, 1857, for improvements in smutting copnor and other ares. The privilege was to continue for 14 year*. A company was formed for the parpóse of applying Mr. Napier'a method of smelting ores in Australis, and they now sought an ex*^Dsion 0f the period. Mr. Grove, Q.C., and Mr. 'Webs'.er were for the pjiitioneis, and Mr. Welsby was for t*,* Crown, Their lordships granted a' prolongation o¿ the patent for a ner'od of five rears. MbMBEm ov PAJILIAMEHT AS J.CBOKS.-An interesting ease occurred in the Court o! Common PI««», on the «cb February, when Lord Enfold, attended by the Hon. George Waldegrave, tbe Speaker's Secretary, came in to the Liri Chief Justioe to complain of bis having been .nmmoned aa a juror to attend the court. Mr. Edwin J imex, M.P., on behalf of Lord Enfield, stated that it was not. bia wish to make a oom-: plaint in bia place in the Honra of Commons, bat his lord-hip preferred to submit to the Lord Chief Justice that he ought not to have been served with a summons, na he was free from liability to attendance on a jury, «wing to his duties as a member of the House of Com- mon ', whiob ought to have b ¿en well known by the sam spaning officer. The Lor4 Chief Justice said that the « fl oers of the court had no authority to remove his lordship's name from tb e jury-book. The pariah officer» had tbe duty of raaki'jg up the Hst, and they did not ?always take oognisanou of the result of the last eleation. He would state, howev er, that his lordship ought not to tsavtt been summoned aa a juror, as members of Parlia- ment were not bound to serve in any other court than I -ghat ia whiah they h <<1 been returned to serve-namely, «be High Court of Parliament, which was the highest «oort of the realm. / Lord Enfield and Mr. Waldegrave Oh inked the Lord Chief Justioe for so clearly expressing «tie privilege of i Bambers of Parliament, and then re- tiren. \- BREACH OP P AOÏH t.-IS weakness of intelleot a good plea for bread » of promise of marriage ' The City S -cond*r es Co art was called upon to deoide tbe point .ame days ar jo. One This.lewood, "a gentleman of 1'idependo nt property," who spells Kate " Cate," requests «be lady o t Ijis heart not to forget tho " umberrella" and .writes ' ? 0 lbs." for £80, wooed and won a Mi»s Knights, -a farmer/ 'a daughter, whe lived near Ockendon, in Essex. Thistle» rood was ' a lodger at the farmhouse, it was aurangf jd that'he should marry the girl, the wedding ring .wis brought, the wedding speech prepared, the advertise- ment'' intended to announce the marriage fairly drawn up, «be f lecnae obtained, when soddenly Mr. Thistlewood -swan afraid that en accident be "met with" toms few yen' -a ago would unfit bim fer marriage, and he drew iirf k from bia promise. The reel reason seems to have b<y >n that Mr. Knight's did not seem inolined to pay "2Sf 3 "Us." down. He was also offended at a little at ten ?ti ,n shown to a Captain Simonds, who .w .» -70 years of ago, and for whom ThiatU -'.rood had requested his bride eleot to work a ¿pair of slippers. As Thistlewood broke his promise, J! Mina Knights brosght her action ; it was not defended, t «ad tbe court had to assess damages. The pleas ia t tni igaiioa are amazing. Mr. Thistlewood WBB declared ty s medical man to be " physically and morally inoa paMe of matrimony." One reason given in proof (of bis .waik Intellect was that be could not spell "Cheapside." Tbe jury out the matter short by assessing the damages -at-£HOO. ? -, ? . THE - A NOLI. Ausrn ALIAK AND BRITISH PROVIDENT lara ASSURANCE'CoMrAHY.-A Bult was heard by Vioe < Gtaooellor Sir W. P. Wood on the 11th of February, -whbb wis instituted for the purpose of determining cer- tain qaes'ions between tbe above insurance company and »the estate of Mr. Horn, a gentleman who aome time .ines committed suicide at a time when be was labouring .«loder temporary derangement of mind. The only point of public interest connected with the case was this':-The' deceased had insured his life for the sam of £800 in the Accumulative Life -Fand and General Assurance Company, under a policy which did not contain any provision to meet the oase of death otherwise than in the ooarse of nature. The de «eased having in this case met his death as above stated, it was now argued that the amount insured was not re- coverable, on the ground that by public polloy it was net -lawful for n man to gain any peouniary benefit through terminating his existence by his own sot. The Vioa .Cüauoellor was of opinion that the death of Mr. Horn by bis own hands while in a state of mental derange- ment did not vitiate the policy. It was true that in Tiootleroy's case it was held by the House of Lords that . life insuranoe was vacated by necessary implication of law, based on grounds of public polioy, when an as- sured died by the hands of justice. In the case of felo ide te snob a decision would be of considerable weight. But the ease before the court was widely different from that-the deceased had met his death by his own hand -it was true, but by bis own hand daring temporary mad ness. It was as little a crime in him as would have been his death by falling from a horse or by accidental drown- ing. Tbe policy must, therefore, be deolared void. Our readora are aware tbat the term assigned by the convention of last year for the French oooupation of -Syria has nearly expired. It bas been known for some -time, however, that the Fronoh Government had no in -tention of withdrawing ita troops. This violation of a -definite compaot was denounced aa wholly unjustifiable bath by tho Porte and, it is understood, by England. France demanded a oonferenoo ; and tbis was agreed to. The conference met at Paris on the lOlh of February. The Paris correspondent ol the Times giveB, in his letter -nf the 91st, the following statement of tho reBult, so far as it is nt present known:-"After rather a warm dis -passion on the lfltb, tho plenipotentiaries in conference on the affairs of Syria daoided tbat the French ocoupa lion should be prolonged for a short period-two or three months-beyond the term originally fixed. The représentative of the Ottoman Porte is said to have pro -tasted against any occupation longer than that specified in tba convention. The plenipotentiaries referred to their respective Governments and agreed to meet again in eight dayw, go aa to bave time for an aoswor." FATE or A FEMALE GAMBLER.-A letter (rom Frank, fort, of the 19 th .instant, says:-"The day before yester- day sn English lady, who bad resided at Homburg for soma time, and had been a constant visitor, to the gamb- ling saloons, where by degrees abe had lost almost all her property, left tba town and went to the village of Kirdorf, about three miles distent. She . ascended the tower of the new ahúroh there, and, having first tied her legs together, threw herself from the tower to the »arth, a distance.of about 100 feet. When picked np abe was still living, but was conveyed to the hospital ?at Homburg in an exceedingly,deplorable condition. Mns. Oona -The detth of this lady will excité a feel, ing ol regret in a great number of. readers, who are indebtei lu ber' for many a pleasant hour. She died on tbs 20th January at Liowiod, Lyndhurst, ofter a week of severe suffering. Of ber personal history, little more is known ,to ;tha public than that she was ' the wife of Charles Arthur Gore, of the 1st Life Guards ; that at the time of her death she had attained the age nf .81; and that sho was one of the most brilliant woman of lu-r time, whose talk overflowed with epigram «nd jest, and whose most commonplace remarks were more witty than the boat wit of others. Her literary caraar is well known. . . THE LATE IEVEE.-In notioing the levee of the lath, the Court Journal says:-It may be noticsd tbat there has not been such an assemblage of ambassadors at a first levee at our Court since the .coronation of the Queen-Turkey, France, Persia, Austria, and Bassia being all fully represented. The Persian Ambassador, nf course, exoited tho liveliest interest. His Excellency wore a dress of honour-doubtless the gift of tba Shah -a long loose pelisse of a dark shawl pattern. The ambassador does not appear to enjoy robust health, or perhaps ho is unable to bear up against tba rigours of our winter. The Sardinian Envoy was of comae present, and clavated at the recent successes of his master's «rms. ATTEMPTED SUICIDE DUIUNO "TOE BOYAL PDOCESSION. -Aa ber Majesty the Qaeen was proceeding to open Parliament, and just ss the Boy si cortege reached Derby street, a small street leading from Parliament-afreet into Canning.row, a person, in Asiatic costume, was seen to break 'brough the orowd and attempted to thtust a paper into tho o.rriage in which ber Majesty was seated. . He was, however, immediately prevented. Indeed, the Prince Con sert, birosslf, apprehensive of Borne maniao violence, pushed back the band of the intruder. The man, baili *d in bis effort to foroe himself opon Royally, immediately pulled out a claspknife and drew it three "times aarons his throat. Arrested by the police, he was at once conveyed to. King-street police station, where be promptly received tho necessary surgical attention. Tue m in'« name is M homet Ali Kian. ' He is about 40 yeer« uf ajf*. and is a native of Ci'eutto. He is nader the impression tbat be bal suffered some wrongs from the hun JJ of government, and states that it was bia ia. tenti n to plnea a petition in reforenca to his caso befon the Q-ern. II t is evidently a lunatic fgfAt Norwiob Castlp, on January Î6. James Bloomfield .Rush-son of tbe murderer Rush, whose terrible deeds attracted sue* fsnaral interest twa! ve y*x* ohio*-waa oWged «ita bra ««ina into «ka hoaae xä Mr, OeouoU, of Oringlaford, and steaüos a quauti'.y of children's dresses and miscellaneous Gnioles oj, the collective valoe of £1. The case against the prisoner was a very simple one, the property, whic»i wts identified by Mr. Cannell and his w»fs, having been found ia the house occupied bj the piisor-,er, while a knife-blade, which was taken from bis pocket when he was apprehended, corresponded wif^, impresjions observed on some drawers which had I Keen tampered with, trough not broken open. The prisoner, wbo, by tbe advioa ol his professional adviser, " reserved his defence," was oommitted for trial. The presiding magistrate, ba* ever, admitted him to hail himself ia £100, and two sureties of ¿50 each. An eld min, named Bound, committed suicide a fe« days ago by laying himself down on the rails near Eling, Hants, on the Dorchester line, and allowing the ll o'clock forenoon train to ran over bim. He waa seen on the line jost before tbe train passed, and was told that he mast not oross over the railway. He replied very calmly that he did not want to cross over. He had been a farmer at Dibden, in Hantz. Poverty and family troubles caused bim to destroy bis life. His father was Bteward to Lord Walsingham. The body of Bosnd was shockingly mangled, and death must have been instantaneous. It is rnmonred that a.vaoanoy will soon ocour in the representation of Bath, Mr. Way, member for that city, being desirous of resigning in consequence of ill-health. No positive announcement, however, has yet been made on the subject. Meanwhile, both politioal parties ara on the qui viv*. It ia said that the Conservatives intend to bring ferward Lord Loughborough. A rumour ÍB ourrent that Mr. Phinn, QC, has been invited by the Libérala to stand. [Since tbiB was written. S r Stuart Alexander Donaldson has, on the invitation of the Bath Liberal Association, given an exposition of bis political views to a large meeting of the eleotors. Sir Stuart, as our readers are aware, was for 30 years head of the mercantile firm of Donaldson and Co., Syd- ney, New South Wales, was many years a member of the Council and Assembly, and formed the first Minis- try there responsible to Parliament, and subsequently held several important offices in the Government of the colony. He expressed his willingness to give the Government of Lord Palmerston a cordial and independ- ent support, and eulogised its foreign policy, and parti- cularly that exhibited in relation to tbe Italian question. The national defences, be said, should be kept in a state of effioienoy, as the best seourity for peaoe; but be would not objeot to a mutual disarmament to some ex- tent of the dominant Powers of Europe. He considered 'that the franchise should be extended to all who pos- sess either two of the following qualifications, viz. : edu. cation, a fixed residenoe, and property. He would vote for a £0 franchise, vote by ballot, the abolition of ohuroh-rates, and the ixtension of religious grants, though be could not in justioe abolish those in exist- ence. A resolution adop lng Sir Stuart as a candidate for the next vaoaney, and pledging the meeting to do the utmost to secure bis eleotioo, was carried with only two dissentient voices.] The Photographic Newt is responsible for the follow- ing :-" A certain small photograph, about the size of eur visiting oards, of which strange tales are told, is now selling ia large numbers all over Italy. It is the por. trait of an Italian soldier, who bavins; attempted the lifa of tba king was cruelly executed. For some time pre- vious to bis downfall it is said tbat this photograph, like Banco's ghost, haunted the tyrant. Mysteriously enongb, and in deflanoe of all precautions, it is said to have met bis eyes at all hours and in all plaoes, until there seemed something supernatural and ominous in its ever reourring presence. When he knelt before the Virgin's shrine in his morning orisons, there, about the neck of the image, hung this photograph. When he attended mass and opened his missal, there was the soldier's portrait. At dinner, when be nofoldedhls napkin, ont fell this identical photograph, and when at night he retired to rest, within the well-guarded sanotuary of bia slumbers, there, laid boldly upon tbe very pillow of his oouob, he found this pioture-tbis strange production of an art which be had banished from his crime and terror-haunted dominions. A Garibaldino, whom we have just welcomed baok from his generous and dangerous labours in behalf of an enslaved conntry, showed us tho portrait, and said it was thought it Italy that tbe king's singular flight from an enemy quite un- able to complote with his well- organised and far more numerous forces was to some extent attributable to the atate of bewilderment and terror brought about by tbeaa unaccountable inoidents. Be this true or not, certain it is that in consequence of the interest thus attached to I the photograph in question, it is rapidly selling all over the newly liberated oountry. Most of the EngÜBh Gari- baldis have brought over one or more." The Sentinella of Brescia states that the authorities of that town had forbidden the wearing of the Garibaldi nniform by any one who oould not show authentio doon ments, proving him to have belooged to tbe Southern army. This step had been taken in consequence of dis- turbances got up by pretended Garibaldians. Up to January 14, tbe tunnel through Mont Cents had on the Italian aide been opened to the length of 731 metres; of these 538 metres were completely finished, the remaining 103 metres were only partially bored through. At the weat, or Frenoh end, at Modane, the work is less advacoed, as a deal of time was taken np with tbe building of huts, workshops, &c;, necessary for the application of the air compressors ; the excavation on that side bas only been effeoted by the ordinary means. At the close of December last the tunnel opened at Modane by tbeBe usual means was 611 metres 60 centimetres, and there were beaidea 33 metres 60 centimetres not yet thoroughly finished, Besides the difficulty of the mephitio air whiob the engineers trust they have suc- cessfully obviated, fears are entertained that the works of excavation may be interfered with and even utterly prostrated by the breaking in of the water from the almost unfathomable little lakes wbioh are to be met with on tho summit of this mountain, as on almost all the other Alpine passes and summits. But the engi- neers work on with good strong faitb, prepared to meet evil whenever and from wheresoever it may arise. The Frankfort Journal publishes a long dooument, aa the text of a manifesto wbioh the late Count de Montemolin was about to issue to the Spanish people, when be was prevented from doing so by death. This dooument, wbioh is dated Trieste, De- cember 1, 1800, is mainly of an - exculpatory oharaoter. Tba count Baja that to Bare tba oountry from a dreadful period of anarohy, wbiob hesaw, and still seeB, approaching, was bia objeot in bia and his brothel's attempt against the. Government,-- Compas- sion for his followers, and -a desire to avert from them the fate ol Ortega, diotatod bis subsequent act of renun. oiation.i - This a'ot, on regaining bis libsrty. ho entered France with the fullest intention of ratifying, but he was persusded by his friends thst be belonged entirely to Spain, and that he had no free will when the fu'ure of the nation was at stake. -But it was so painful to him to sign tbe sot which annulled .his renunciation, that be delayed some days before doing so. He bad been aooused of want of patriotism in oommenoing his enterprise at a moment when Spain .was engaged in a foreign war; but be knew by theIriompbs that the Spanish arms had already gained over Morocoo thnt they would ultimately conquer, and be intended, it uno oessfnl, to otrry it on, leaving the eommand of tho army to the actual generals, just as the authors of tbe French revolution of July, 1830, osrricd tbe war in Arrioa. It is oaloulated that the opponents af Church-rates will muster nearly SOO men on a division this session upon the seoond reading of Sir John Trelawny'a Bill. Sanguine Churchmen think tba supporters of tho Bill will not muster mora than 380. There bas just been issued a return of the gross publie inoome and expenditure in the year ended the 30th day of September, 1860, and also in the year ended tho 31st day of December. Tbe total revenne of tbe year ended tbe 30th of September was £70.809.976 3s. OJ. ; the total expenditure was £73,140,839 Os. 8d. ; showing an excess of expenditure over inoome of £1,335,856 ls, 1 ld. In the year ended the 31st of December last, the total inoome was £71,967,494 14s. 8d.; the total expenditure was £73,578,633 6s. Od. ; abowing an exoess of expendi- ture over income of £611,137 11s. lOd. The balancea in the exohequer on the 31st of December were, at the Bank of England, £4,135,455 Ils. lOd.; at the Bank of Ireland, £1,134,930 19*. The Correspondance Ilavat says that the Queen of Prussia, accompanied by tbe FrinoeBS and Prince Beyal, will pay a visit in May to the English Court at Balmoral, where she hopes to arrive in time for her Majesty's birthday. 