MINING'BOARD ELECTION. MR. M'COLL'S MEETING AT THE WHITE HILLS. Mr M'Coll met the electors on Monday evening at the !iir Charles Hotham Hotel, White Hills. Mr Matthews occupied the chair. Mr M'Coll said he was not a professional nor a practical miner, and l.is apology, for coming forward was the simple fact that he had been waited upon by Mr Roberts and a large number of Cornish miners and requested to do so, aB from his many years connection with the districts of Epsom and Huntly especially, they considered ho would bo a fit person to represent their wants Mr .Roberts had, he might say, spent the last two days of his life in canvassing for him, and unfor tunately expired on Saturday morning last, and he had paid the last respect to his remains that afternoon in the cemetery, He (the candidate) had for the last five years been concerned in every pub'ie movement to benefit the miners, either as respected prospecting, the sludge nuisance, opposing leases, and the formation of mining companies amongst the working-SKaers, and he found he had been kicking other i/ien to go in and kick the ball, but now as the MiAin,' Board was invested with executive as well as legislative powers, ho was determined to try and kick the ball himself, i.aws had not so much to do with the matter as the people themselves, for, as the poet well remarks - " How few of ills which men through life endure, Are those which law or kings can cause or cure." Ours was a strange community, but they had Boon g'.t under proper constraint; and the authorities believing they were capable of managing their affairs, had put the power to do so iu the hands of the miners by giving them legislative and executivo functions. It remained, therefore, for tliem lo enact necessary laws, and their representatives should be men of untiring and enlightened zeal, haying the interests of their constituents deeply at heart. They should have -a knowledge of those interests and rights which they go in to protect, and should also be possessed of a fair share of common sense to enable them to act and speak in the way best suited to advance those interests Above all tilings, they should be disinterested, and not resemble those of old who sought the priest's office for a piece of bread. One instauce of tho contrary he knew of a man who managed so well the me of his helm as to steer himself into L100 a year, and then no mora was heard of in tho s ining Board. If re turned, lie went in to represent the men of Ep3om and Huntly. although every portion of the district should meet his attention ; but lie knew the wants and the evils under which those districts suffered more particu larly, and he believed he knew the proper remedies. In the first place, with respect to prospecting, they might as well send the miners to Thunder Plains to find a lost lead as send them forward a mile. When it was lost, and the miners were at sea for it, he would allow any one who found it within 200 or 300 feet the double or prospecting claim, llad such a rule existed threo years ago, Epsom would never have seen such exoduBes ; and where a party of minors, under present arrangements, sunk ono shaft, tlioy would sink Bix if the distance whb 300 or 300 feet instead of one mile With regard to the amalgamation of wet claims, he .would, if returned, endeavor to alter the law, and allow any amount of claims to amalgamate If four were not able to put up the proper machinery, ho would allow it to any extent-always provided tUat the number of men were engaged who could legally hold the ground without amalgamation. With regard to the wet ground at Huntly and Epsom, there were unfor tuuately more than the present number of miuers could work, but they could not get at it. Tho largo dams or reservoirs at Grassy Flat were, he wa3 sorry to say, "of no uso to Huntly, whatever they might be to the Whito Hills. They had at Hunt'y too much water already, and he would propose that Government em ployed three movoablo engines, which should be shifted every threo months ; these would drain tho ground for tho miners, mid take out sufficient water to meet all the exigencies of their case, supplying machines, &c.; With regard to shepherding, it must be allowed in that quarter, but he would allow no inan to shepherd within six holes of tho last payable shaft, and such a system would be satisfactory to tho miners. The sludge question was of great importance, he remem bered ho was at a meeting ill Sandhurst about two years ago, which was held at the Shamrock, and from what he observed at that time, he said he looked upon the outBido districts as resembling the old provincial villages "f Scotland, whero it was customary to carry tho beggars from one village to the next, and the Kangaroo Flat people like tho carriers, they neat the beggar down to Golden Square, tho Golden Squaro people passed him on to Saudhurst, and tho Sandhurst people sent him to tho Whito Uills. lie took tho matter up, and corresponded with tho Wardens and the Government Hill ho was tired of writing, yet no thing was dono. If tho evil had then been giasped and vigorously dealt with, they would not have had to deplore the great destruction of freehold property, nor the poor freeholders ruined, as at present, l lo had long been of opinion that those who made tho Bludgo should store it. In London they consumed their own smoke, and so the puddlers hero ought to eat or store their own dirt. The Bendigo Waterworks was a proof that it could be done. They had at last got tho sludge by law, and a crude and hastily got up thing it was to emanate from a legislative body Its assessment was most arbitrary, since machines for puddling, washing, or crushing, were taxed considerably above their proper ratio. In fact no consistent rule was introduced at all, and the only excuce ho could make fur tho Board was a hint it was said they had received from the Government to the effect that if the Mining Board did not at once legislate in th6 matter the Governmont would 3end up a commission to do it for them, and tako tho whole affair into their own hands. This was tho only excuse he could find. Now, at Huntly, the Company he was connected with, had an engine of nominally 80-horse power, hut they only worked it at 21, and they were told they would have to pay L10 per quarter for the sludge, when they did not discharge a Binjjle particle into the drain, a small portion being put on government ground, and the great majority on their own private land. Ho had no objection to an assessment in aid, but he thought the liovernraent, from tho reveuue received from the gold escort and other taxes on the goldfield, ought to bear nearly tho wholo of the burden of maintaining and clearing tho main channel, particularly as the puddlers and others had the expense of making and maintaining their own local channels. With respect to leasing, ho had opposed the leasing of I maiden ground, and also that of partially worked out ground, and in place of these leases he had endeavored to get the miners to unite, and out of their savhn»a to put up machinery to crush or puddle as cheap if nut cheaper than the speculative companies, and one of the results of those endeavors was the Epsom, tluntly,^ and Ironstone Hill Company, composed of seventy miners aud twenty storekeepers. They had now an engino that had reduced the price of crushing fruin 18s aud 20s to 7s and 8s per ton, and what was the result 1 Tho population were kept together, for they could work the poor ground now which never could bo touched before, aud the company divided the profits of the undertaking amongst themselves, instead of Mel bourne receiving the lion's share. I hey had also combatted successfully every attempt "to lease tho ground by speculative gentlemen. Mis commercial avocations enabled liim to ride over every portion of the district within fifteen miles of Sandhurst, and hi could not shut his eyes to the fact that a great change for the worse had come over the goldfields, the result, and nothing else, of the many speculative bubble companies that were jotted ovor tho district. Mo would simply specify Golden, Peg Leg, and Eagle Hawk Gullies, amongst a host; wherever these com panies came they caused desolation on every hand ; tho tent3 disappeared, the storekeepers' o istom full off, and business becamo one of tho things that were, for these speculative companies were like the upas tree, scattering ruin on every side. In some of the mining leases it was provided that four men to tho aero should ba the minimum of labor employed ; but that as yet had never beeu enforced. I ho reason was, men did not like to act as spies,aud neighbors refrained from informing ; but if he was returned to tho Board ho would take care that tho officers of tho Board (and there wore to be officers appointed) should visit these leases aud see that this most necessary provision was enforced, and if it was found that four men were not at work, the company's pegs should be sliif ed, or up should go the flag and the ground bo at once opened to the miners. Iu reefing matters ho knew very little except the knowledge that most men had. of paying in for a number of years without getting more than a grain or two of gold ; still ho would like to seo those interests prosper. It was however a perfect farce for candidates to say the reefs could bo draiued at from Gil to Is per yard. The proper way would bo to amalgamate, and then strike a rate in accordance with the difficulties to be overcome and the advantages derived by each claim. He was certainly rather struck flith the remarks of Mr Canavan, one of his fellow candidates, on- the subject of dminage and water supply, aud they brought to his mind an observation of Mr Pyke, " That there was more water in the reefs on Bendigo,than would give a permanent supply to tho whole district, if properly conserved," and ho had little doubt but if Government put up draining machinery on tho main line of reefs, but that water would be found for all the purposes of mining. Although not a miner he was a business ;n;ui, and one reason ho wished to go in to the Mining Board was a strong desire to get a settled population, and he should use every elTort to obtain un alteration in the law whereby residence claims should be secured to the miner. Tho present eighth of an aero was absurd, as no man in his t senses would on such a strip of laud go to the expense of fencing or putting up a house: Ho wou'd give half an acre as residence claims to every miner holding a m'ner's right, so that it should be something like a freehold to his family, as long a3 that document was yearly taken out. He might then fence iu and have his little garden and his dwelliug house, and eventually his cow house and a cow in lieu of the miserable goats, as at present, having a mining commonage. A cow herd could take them out to graze, and bring them in to the gudewife of an evening. If that alteration was adopted, a great change would be carried out to tho advantage and prosperity of tho country, for a man would then have some encouragement to settle down and tako a lass to himself, and there would be no occasion to send hundreds of thousands of pounds every yearfor immigrants Another inducement forthe population to settle down ho had already mentioned, namely, the low price of crushing, and in four months time he believed it would be done for 5s per ton. Had there been a member in tho Board who had been at all interested in Epsom and Huntly, those districts would liavo had their fair share of the L2,000 set apart for prospecting on this goldfield, as it was it had not had a penny devoted to it. and yet it was the only prosperous portion of the district, for there was nearly as much money in one week taken Iroin it by commercial men than the whole of the other portions of the goldfield. (Cheers) In answer to questions, Mr M'Coll said, jf returned one of the first objects that would engage his attention would be employing the officers of the Buard to carry out most rigidly the labor basis of four men to the acre in alluvial leases. In one of the speculative companies in Pegleg Gully, not far from the Pegleg Hotel, the puddlers arranged for the sale of their mills, but would not agree to ceaso working until tho company commenced operations and oue had since then taken 1,2500 out of his claim; but the poor tub aud cradle men were juggled out of their claims for 30s , and some for a fow nobblers, on the plea of getting employment un 'or the magnificent company, and were now starving and wandering about like ghosts, longing to set in whore they onoo did well, but unablo, for tho land was locked. His opposition to these leases was a passion with him. He remembered a young friend of his-the late Chairman of tho Milling Hoard-when the speculation furore was at its height saying to him, "Now, M'Coll, you know many spots where thero are few men at work, and could be bought off for a mere song, why don't you go into it? It would pay you better than what you're doing." IIo answered, "No, no, John, I don t like the principle, and it would better become you to do as I am trying to d0_get the miners themselves to combine." \Vel;, he was successful, and had gone home, and perhaps was bagging the blaok cock in Glon Whisky with great zeal, hut no doubt his thoughts would wander back to bondigo, and wonder, if he raturne;), if he should bag L7000 as easily as ho did out of the Baok v'reek and Long Gully Company for L1500. He would loavo tho number of claims to amalgamate to tho parties on tho spot, and this in a general way would apply to tho reefs as well as the deep sinking It would bo absurd for him to attempt to fix the amount of tax to be paid by parties using tho water of tho reservoirs at Grassy Flat. It would depend on tho width of the hose. Tho Government had made tho reservoirs, or ware making them, and the miners whe wanted to uso it would have to bo at tho expense of bringing it to their respectivo localities. Wou'd object to making the miners riEht L2 a year instead of LI, in order to tax every one using the water Not one fourth of the miners at present wero ablo to take out miuers rights, and : it would bo suicidal to compel every one who wished to avail themselves of water to pay a double right. Ike almost universal opinion of the minora of I .psom and Huntly was, that the reservoirs of Grassy I'lat were unnecessary as regarded those districts. Iho low parties who moved in it were those connect^ with tho mills at the llaok Cree'c Epsom and Huntly now had ni'ire water than tho minors knew what to do with, and as far as they woro concerned the makiug of the resTvoir* was a mere waste of muney._ Although not a Mini.iL'lJ oard question, ho Baw no difficulty in mining in tho Btreets of tho town, provided duo precautions were taken to protect lifo and property, and put tho street ia as good a condition as previously. He thought as the Municipality benefited by tho sludge being re moved, that the municipal rates ought to bear a sharo of tho expense, and not allow it to fail altogether on tlio miners. (Cheers) Iho usual voto of confldonco wiw moved by Mr Wood, seconded by Mr John Brown, and unanimously carried ; after which a local committee was organised to ensure Mr M'Coll's return. I 