WESLEY HILL CHAPEL. The interesting ceremony of laying the founda- tion stone of the Wesleyan new church, Wesley Hill, was performed on Monday, by E. S. Parker, Esq. of Mount Franklyn [[Franklin]] in the presence of a large concourse of spectators, including not only the membety of the Church; but niaiiy qf other dehq- lmn'atibns. At - 5. p.m., everything having been pre>ared, tbe; ltovi.Mr Harcourt, Circuit minister, read tbe papey tq be, dejiosited in the stone— ;This document stated that, the stone was laid by Edward Stone Parker, -Esq., .on the the 11th of February, 1861, and contained tho names of the President of H the , Conference,: the ministprs of the circuit, the stewards and biiildiiig committee, tho architect and the surveyor. A copy of the last number of tho M. fj Mail, and the Circuit plan, were also placed in e,oottle. The Rev. Mr Harcourt then gave out thu C67th hymn, and tho Rev. Edwin Day, of Cas- tlcinabie, engaged in prayer. Mr Parker having with the usual formalities pronounced the stone to be well and truly laid, in the name of the Father, Son, Holy Ghost, addressed a fow words of congra- tiilation to the audience. Tho Rev. Mr Catterall then offered up a brief prayer, Mr Harcourt pro- nounced tho Benediction, and tho ceremony con- 3 eluded. | A tea meeting subsequently took place in a largo » , . ;.evotcd in front of tbo present chapel. At the l'ublio meeting wliieh followed E. S. Parker, Esq. , occupied tho chair, and both the building and tent K w m? excessively crowded with spectators. . i f 'le Chairman congratulated the audience on the gj largo attendance that night, and regarded it as an 1 VHicritioii of futuro success. They ouglit to tliauk r bod nud take courage. He could not help contrast- | nig the scene before him with what ho witnessed 20 £ years ago when ho camped at Forest Creek. Then I tlie country was a wilderness and inhabited only by £ natives. Nine years ago anotiior change took place I when the gold was discovered. Ho hail then also | ?B1d tho spot, and was greatly pleased to see on I the hill opposite two Wesleyan ministers engaged, s with coats off, putting up the first place of worship ? h.urest Creek. While ho did not wish to boast i of his section of tho church, tho fact in question . ono in which tlioy miglit justly glory. The : Illustrated 'Panes of that day gave a representation Tin.-, /U3'i l,renching of the gospel to the diggers. ule ho would be tho last- to detract from the merits of the excellent Bishop of Melbourne, ho felt it right to state that tho prcaclior in the often referred to picture was not Dr. Percy, but tbe Rov. i-r. Lume, a Wesleyan minister. After some refer- ences to tho future'generation aiid the hone that it would produce a larger army of Christian labourers, he said while he was no advocate of extravagant buildings for religious purposes, ho liked to see them worthy of the object to which they were devoted. Thfc Rev. Mr. Harcourt then read the financial statement; from this it appeared that the cash in lian'd was £123 14s. 4d., subscriptions promised £76 6s., Slindayls collections £ll> 6s. Id., proceeds of tea £20; total, £236 5s. He hoped before they separated that they would have £250. Tlie build ing committee wished, if possible, to pay off two- thirds of the entire cost from the proceeds of tho subscription and services to that date. The total expense of the building would be about £450. Ho trusted the receipts at tho opening sermon would enable them to mako ' up tlio deficiency. Alluding to the statement of Mr. Parker, Mr. Harcourt said he claimed the honour of being tho first minister of the gospel on the Mount Alexander gold-fields. — (Laughter.) ' , The Rev. Mr. Adams, Presbyterian, followed in an animated and eloquent address, for which we lire sorry we cannot find space. The Rev, Mr. Day said it gave him sincere plea sure to assist in any movement like the present. He liad always cultivated catholicity of spirit, and should endeavour still to do so. If he did not min-' gle so much as formerly among liis Wesleyan friends' let them attribute it to the increasing demands on his time by his own church, and not to want of Christian sympathy. He had attended a tea meet ing in the old . chapel six years ago, and, the present scene attested the immense progress made since. \Vbilo the riches of the sou were daily diminishing how thankful should they be that the only true riches were as abundant and accessible' asover. ' , - ) ' Mr Tiros. Pybus was highly deligbted'with the observations of the Rev. Aii- Adams. Christianity Svas no experiment, though all human schemes were necessarily.. Hu))06 arose the, dread of- every in ventor, arieirig-from tho fallibility of hia judgment:. Newton was an illustroua example of patient re search of the truth.. ' All great discoveries had been made after much toil and many failures, Christi anity, however, needed no such trial. Tke marvels she had . accomplished were predicted many years before her establishment. Thus, if she had been an impostor, lier enemies would have seized tho oppor tunity to ridicule her claims. - But they did not, because theyteould not. Miracles as well as pro- ph"eoyv incontrovertibly proved the verity of Christianity. The speaker then eloquently urged Upon aU present to satisfy themselves of the triith of wis scriptures by personal research, and not to be lieve them on the authority of others. Like the Bereans, whom Paul so prneb commended, they Bhoidd'see for themselves " if the tilings they had, been taught were so. Faith was a reality,' a living -vital -principle, whatever scoffers might say to the contrary. A philosopher could no more reason a Christian. out of his' faith than he could persuade a sick man that there is no such tliing'as pain. Lot .them he fully persuaded of their, own mind, and they , would . riot be tossed' about' by- every word of doe-- trine,,. We regret that we cannot give even an out line of this, gentleman's ' very abld and effective speech. . A collection was then taken up, and the meeting separated after the usual devotional exercises. 