MEEK DR. MILTON. Wj: were about to pass the Theatre Royal on .Sunday evening last, when we paused to observe several parties of threes and fours who were wending' their way down the vestibule,—some of whom entered the pit door immediately opposite, whilst others branched off right and left to the stalls and upper circle. We were not greatly surprised at this circumstance, remembering' the Sunday sermons of last year ; hut having had no notification conveyed to us, .journalistic or mural, that a " revival" had taken place, Ave were anxious to know what was, in modern phraseology, " up." On making enquiries, we were informed by a gentleman, with the shortest of all possible pipes, and whose visage, were there such a thing as a facial lexicon, and one could turn it (his) up, would inevitably have had for its interpretation " nobbier"—that l)r. Milton, of Melbourne, and moral celebrity, was about to deliver a lecture. Now, the name of this amiable enthusiast is always associated in our mind with something—pleasant, let us call it,—something that makes us smile, such smiles being; the ghosts of more substantial merriment he had often involuntary evoked, when we had seen and heard him in former days. We entered, therefore, the theatre, taking our seat in the centre of the stalls. After waiting a considerable time, a gentleman nude his appearance on the stage, with the most oddly constructed lamp that tins century has seen, which he found a painful difficulty in arranging upon the rostrum, so that we for a moment imagined that the Dr. was about to favour us with a lecture on chemistry, illustrated by examples. A second lapse of some time intervened, and at length the doctor appeared, followed by an attenuated choir, consisting of one young lady and four young gentlemen who, to employ a well-seasoned "but still serviceable form of speech, " call for no special remark." And now, after a befitting introduction, the doctor commenced, not a lecture, but a sermon, and a good, sound orthodox sermon it was too. To be sure, there was nothing new in it, but what of that ? There is nothing new under the sun, wliich, we regret to say, has not shone too benignly on the worthy doctor. But an incident took place in the midst of the sermon which, had it not occurred, would have left the doctor without a commentator, and Mr. PINCH had been spared, or had lost, the present contribution. llark ! Did you hear anything ? Surely, a pin dropped. There was a sound such as the poet spake of, when lie sa3 r s, " There's nothinglives 'twixt it and silence," It reached, however, the erected auriculars of the doctor, who grew at once, to speak forcibly, " as fierce as a maggot," protesting that he should pause until that noise ceased, and that, if it were continued, he would close the service of the evening. Well—this grated harshly upon us, seeing that the doctor had just been descanting upon the humility and meekness of his divine master, and we could not help thinking that, whilst all the sinful who had been listening to the preacher, doubtless, deserve that the offending Adam should be whipped out of them, one or two gentle thwacks of the thong might beneficially be laid across the shoulders of Dr. Milton. 