> . T i THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND. I Ttofe (following latter- has been addressed by the Bishop of Sydney to the clergy of his Diocese: ' " Reverend SIR-It is my wish at the commencement of the new year to invite the members of the Church of England in Sydney and the neighbourhood to unite in prayer' to Almighty God for the Divine blessing upon ourselves and upon the world at large. " A similar proposal has been made in England and in India, and will in all probability meet with a very general response. " We know from the history of God's dealings with His Church that He bestows those blessings which are sought by fervent united prayer. As they all continued with one accord in prayer and supplica- tion in one place, the Holy Ghost was given. When prayer was made without ceasing of the Church unto God for Peter, his deliverance was granted, the condemned prisoner was restored to the ' many who were gathered together in the house of Mary praying. "At the present time there are circumstances which seem to call upon us to humble ourselves before Our Heavenly Father, and to pray for the grace and guidance necessary for our edification and our union. If we seek the wisdom which cometh from above we shall receive it, for God giveth liberally and without upbraiding to all who ask Him. " It is, moreover, a time when special prayer will be offered up throughout the world, and, we should be unwilling to lose our portion of the blessedness which belongs to the Communion of Saints. < " It was agreed at a meeting of the clergy summoned by myself, that the three evenings of Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday, the 7th, 8th, and 9th of January, should be set apart for this purpose. The j Services will be held in the Church Society's Room, at half-past seven o'clock, and will be conducted by myself and such of the clergy as are willing to take part in them. "I shall be glad if you will notify this to your congregation in any way you may deem fit, and in the r meantime invite your prayers that peace and truth ' may be in our days. Sincerely desiring that the blessings of this season may rest upon you and yours, " I remain, Reverend Sir, " Your faithful servant in Christ, "F: SYDNEY. " December 31,1860." Roleystone Fire Company, No. 2. The annual festival of the No. 2 Volunteer Fire Company came off with considerable eclat, at Watson's Bay, yesterday. The members of the brigade, to the number of about forty, assembled at the engine- house, Phillip street North, at nine o'clock in the morning, and proceeded to the election of officers for the ensuing year. Mr. W. Hinchey occupied the chair. The officers elected were as follows :-Mr. S. Bayliss, re-elected superintendent ; Mr. Stephens, elected foreman ; Mr. Ashdown, assistant foreman ; Mr. Walker, re-elected engine-keeper; Mr. Wright, elected secretary ; Mr. Lane, re-elected treasurer; Messrs. Horan and Hobbs were appointed trustees. The income of the company for the past quarter has been £106 3s.; expenditure, £69 4s., thus leaving a balance of £36 19s. in hand. This business being over, the men proceeded to the Circular Quay, and embarked on board the Herald, engaged for the occasion. The steamer, which was gaily decorated with flags, left the Quay at twelve o'clock, having on board about sixty persons, many of whom were guests, and proceeded towards Watson's Bay, the passage thither being enlivened by some excellent music by Mr. Crow's band. Having landed, the party first paid a visit to the menagerie, the principal object of attraction there being the enormous tiger that has become painfully interesting by the accident (the particulars of which will be found in another column) of Tuesday last. After this some of the party went to the Gap, which since August, 1857, has possessed such a fearful fasci- nation for visitors ; others amused themselves at quoits, and others offering shooting, in Mr. Walker's Rifle Gallery. At half-past two o'clock the company sat down to a sumptuous dinner, provided by Mr. Billing, in the large room adjoining the Marine Hotel. The table was furnished with every delicacy of the season, and it is but just to observe that Mr. Billing's arrangements gave entire satisfaction. The chair was occupied by the new Mayor, who was supported on his right by Mr. Watts (Superintendent of the No. 1 Volunteer 3 Fire Company), Aldermen Woods and M'Keown and on his left Mr. Shackles (Foreman of the Parramatta Volunteer Fire Brigade), and Aldermen Spence, Oatley, Caraher, and Duffin. The vice-chair was filled by Mr. S. Bayliss (Superintendent of the Company), and was supported on his right by Mr. Williams, sen., of Parramatta and on his left by the ex-Mayor, and Aldermen Sutton and Chapman, and Mr. William, jim. (Acting - Superintend dent of the Parramatta Fire Brigade). There were also other guests of less note present. After the cloth had been removed, the chairman rose and said he had received apologies for not being present from Aldermen Speer and Raphael-the former of whom was out of town, and the latter was at a festival at the Destitute Children's Asylum. He then proposed the first toast The Queen," which was received with enthusiasm. Band, "God Save the Queen." The next toast was also proposed by the chairman The Governor-General of the colony." (Applause.) Air, "Fine Old English Gentleman." Sir. Lane, in a few appropriate remarks, gave The Day we Celebrate. Air, "The Fireman's March." Mr. Walker responded, and briefly recounted the steps which had led to the establishment of the volunteer fire brigades in Sydney of the efforts of Messrs. Stark and Tomine of the establishment of the first volunteer brigade, and of the present company, now numbering fifty-six members. He also alluded to "the father of the Volunteer Fire Companies in Sydney," Mr. Andrew Torning, while busily engaged at afire in San Francisco. He remarked that though aaa company the No. 2 brigade had laboured under great disadvantage, in having such a heavy engine, they had been the first on the ground at twenty-three fires, and second sixteen times. (Great cheering.) He then referred to some correspondence that had taken place between the Insurance Company's secretary ted themselves, upon the proposal of having all the firemen in Sydney under a general superintendent-the proposal being accompanied by a threat that if the terms were not complied with, the engine would be taken from them. (Groans.) Now the citizens of Sydney had nobly contributed towards the erection of their engine-house at a cost of £700, and he had no doubt but that they would subscribe for the purchase of a new engine if required. They (the volunteers had no objection to having a general superintendent over them, but they insisted on the provision that he should be elected solely by the volunteers. (Tremendous cheering.) The vice chairman proposed the next toast-" The Mayor and Aldermen." Drunk with bumpers. Rand, "Corporation Melange." Both the new Mayor and ex-Mayor responded. The latter remarked, that notwithstanding the difficulties he had contended with in his year of mayoralty, he regretted exceedingly that his connection with the Corporation had now ceased. He had enjoyed the confidence, esteem, and friendship of the new Mayor for many years, and he knew he should possess them still. (Cheers.) He was fully satisfied that every consideration would be given to the fire companies by the new Mayor, and they would now be able to reckon upon getting plenty of water. (Cheers.) Aldermen Oatley, Spence, Sutton, M'Keown, Chapman, and Duffin (who promised, in the event of the company requiring a new engine, to subscribe £20 towards it, which prompts was received with long continued cheering) subsequently responded. The Vice- Chairman then gave "Our guests." Air, "Auld Lang Syne." Mr. Bhacklet returned thanks, and, in doing so, alluded to the assistance which the No. 2 Fire Company had rendered to him and his coadjutors in establishing a fire brigade in Parramatta. Mr. Williams, of Parramatta, also responded, and embraced the opportunity of returning thanks for the assistance referred to by Mr. Shackles. The ex-Mayor gave "The Volunteer Fire Brigades of Sydney." Band "Red, White, and Blue." Mr. Waters responded. Mr. Bayliss, the foreman of the No- 2 Company also returned thanks on behalf of the No. 2 Company. The Vice-Chairman gave "The Land we live in." Drunk with bumpers. Air-The Cornstalk Polka." Mr. Sadler returned thanks, as did also Mr. J. Horan and Mr. Pickering. The vice-chairman proposed "The Ladies." Drunk with enthusiasm. Air-" Health to all good lasses. " Mr. Horan returned thanks. Mr. Hinchey give " The Returning-officers of the company." Air " Jolly good fellows." Mr. Kelly, returned thanks as the only past officer who had withdrawn from another contest. Mr. Pickering also responded. The chairman proposed " The Press." Band-" The Banner of Freedom." Responded to by the representatives of both daily journals. " The Host was proposed by Mr. Lane, drank with enthusiasm, and suitably responded to. The proceedings terminated with the customary compliment to the chairman. At about seven o'clock the company re-embarked on board the Herald, and were landed in due time in safety at the Circular Quay, being all well pleased with the proceedings of the day. To Partie. FomifhU)*;.-Mr. Walter Bradley holds a sale This Day, at No. 87, Cowper-terrace, 0hurea4iUI, of household total vote, rosewood piano, by Broadwood, . 7.6 octaves, with all the latest improvements, and variety of ornaments and sundries. -on. 