MISCELLANEOUS. A Ghost at Riseley. — Our readers will no doubt be surprised at the fact that a real and substantial ghost has appeared in prapria persona at the village of Riseley. It appears that a cer tain householder, whom we call William, retired to rest one evening last week, feeling sure that all the doors and shutters were duly fastened. He had hardly received the embraces of the god of sleep before he heard somo voiy mysterious sounds' in' the regions below.' ' His first idea was that some person of mistaken ideas with respect to mcum and luum was endeavoring to find an en trance into his premises, so that he might enjiy some of, the; good things of this life, which it is well known friend SVilliam has laid up in store. But no; the sounds he heard were not those of tho midnight marauder; they were scrutcbings, thumpings, and runnings, followed by sounds, as it were.'of smothered groans, Naturally .brave, William at lust got out of bed, lighted. a candle, and came down stairs, as he says, 'just as he was,' with only '.he weapons provided by nature, in the shape of a pair of decent fists, aud. a foot which can give a most unmistakeable kick. ? He had no sooner got down than the : awful sounds censed; he opened the back door, and, notwith standing the coolness of his attire, boldly, went out to see if ho could there disc iver tho disturber of his rest; but nothing could he find outside. He returned into the hiiuse, and scarcely had he entered the doorway than a ^ large hairy object mtt'hiin with a thump, thump, thump!/ Poor William, witli all his bravery, was 'rather scared ;' but, plucking up his dormant courage, he boldly assailed the object — ghost or no ghost — and soon had the whole satisfactorily explained. It appeared that, before retiring to rest. William had accidentally left a small quantity of milk at the bottom of a- narrow- necked jug; this milk was discovered by puss in her peregrinations, and in her eagerness to have a taste thereof 1-ad tbrust her head into tie jug, lut was totally un able to withdraw it ngain. It w;.s in trying to re lieve herself of her head-dress that Puss had made the horrible noises which had so alarmed tlie valiant William. However, William was very glad to have seen the ghost; and, as he once more tucked himself comfortably between the sheets, expressed himself to the effect, that ' he was glad it was no worse!' — Stamford Mercury. Humbugging a Cavt.vet.— A gallant volunteer officer was badly sold in Baltimore a few. days since. He wl3 searching the houses, of citizens for arms, with a squad of men, and on arriving at the house of an old gentleman named Hays, was met in the hall by his daughter, a beautiful black eyed girl of 18, who appeared ;. deeply agitated, and implored the Captain not to search the house. *Plie officer was 'sternly' immovable, resolved to do his duty, and tho more bent upon searching froni^the apparent/dismay. -of the girl. 'Indeed, indeed,' she,, exclaimed' 'we have only three guns in the house.' The Captain smiled incredulously. .'Fetch them to me,' said he re membering the fate of .poor Ellsworth. The young lady hurried up stairs,; and returned with an old rusty doublo-barrelled' shot gun, that no prudent mau would load and discharge. 'The other —the btlier two !' demiiniled the officer. 'Oh, sir my brothers — iny brothers 1!'' subbed the girl I cannot; take them from ' thein !'' The captain pushed her aside. 'Forward men' he shouted, falling into the rear himself. As the file of sol die 1-3 now hastily mounted tho stairs,the young lady clung to the skirts of the officer, who was last to ascend, exclaiming wildly, 'But sir, my brothers, you will not harm riiy brothers !' The captain shook her oft' somewhat ungallantly and rushed up after the soldiers who had by this time roai-hed the closed door of the chamber. After a pause the men pushed open the door, and rushed in with bayonets fixed when two juvenile Zouaves' of the respective ages of eight and ten fully equipped with wooden guns, appeared drawn up before them. At the same time the silvery laugh of the black-eyed beauty was heard upon the stairs echoed by a couple of chambermaids who were peering over the banisters from abpve. Tlio ofl'icm- lout a liuaty rctitat' without mailing- ft- seizure of tho remaining ones. — JZx*. Paper. Tira Puince of Wales in- Love. — A corre spondent of the 'Hereford Journal' tells the fol lowing rather doubtful story: — 'It seems that uot far from the Curragh there lives a young Irish belle (the daughter of a country gentleman) whose charms aro universally acknowledged.- By de grees the young Prince began to be quizzed by Ins companions us to the reason why his horses head was so frequently turned in the direction of her residence. He, of course, as all young gen tlemen do, donied tlie soft impeachment, particu larly the calumny about his horses ; and his 0 -m- panions, as all young companions do, pretended to admit the denial ; but itso happened that a little pic-nie took place near tho Currugh, got up by a few of the county families, and amongst others the ' belle,' comprising also a few of the officers from the camp, including tho Prince and his young friends. At first everybody was in frigid behavi our, and the affair promised to be some somewhat formal ; but the hello chanced to bo accompanied by her inseparable companion, an Isle of Skye terrier, wiio soon created a diversion. Little doggie, not seeing the slightest difference between a, prince at a pic-nic and a good-natured gentle man who had been petting and teasing him 'over so often of latn, jumped, and whined, and barked, and wagged his tail in such uninistakeablo request for his customary game at play, that the young grenadiers could stand it 110 longer, and fairly burst into iv roar, in which the Prince had no al ternative but to join. Those who were not in the secret were, of course, very much puzzzled ; but it at any rate produced a thaw, and tbo pic-nic passed oft' pleasantly enough afterwards.' Corpulent persons desiring to lesson their cir cumference should apply to somo newspaper establishment for the office of collector. 