CURRENT TOl'IUS. To-morrow morning, at eight o'clock, a meeting of tlie ratepayers of Newtown- crtm Chilwell will be held in the Council Cham ber of that Municipality for the purpose of putting in nomination three fit and proper persons to fill the vacancies occasioned by the retirement of Messrs Jenkins, Spedding, and Blair. There are.fivo candidates in the field—Messrs \ Jenkins, Spedding, Blair, M'Mullen, and Captain Huddart. From these three will ho eventually elected, hut as each will have his partizani| at the nomi nation, a poll will bo demanded, and tbo same will commence on Thursday morning at eight a.m. and close at four p.m. This morning at ten o'clock the sittings in Insolvency for the month of April will take place before John George Forbes, Esq, Commissioner in Insolvency, and as the proceedings therein, are somewhat of the shortest, all parties interested should hear in mind that upon the close of tho insolvency proceedings the, Court will .he immediately opened in its Odunty Court jurisdiction, ana tlie cause list proceeded wit jp Yesterday being a holiday, three inebriates who had been arrested in tlie course of the previous day were dealt with in the watch house by" his "Worship the "Mayor, consci quently no business was transacted in tlie Central Police Court, Yarra-strcot. We have been informed that two fellows who arrived by an early train from tho Werribee, yesterday morning, were immedi ately "given into custody for indecent assaults upon two of their female fellow travellers. Should this charge he brought home, it is to be hoped the fellows will be soundly trounced. In consequence of the holidays, the meet ing of the Newtown-cuni-Chiiwell Municipal Council stands adjourned until this evening, at half-past 7 o'clock. The following is the business upon the paperReports of Puhliq Works Committe, reports -of Legislative Committee, reports of Finance Committee'; to_ consider and order on Council's opinion' with rciercnca to the validity of the security bomls'of the late rate mlleetn. AYc this morning give tlie report of Monday^ j. iloings '.it the Wevvibee vfhtcb should Lave beeq b in yesterday's issue. Our reporters were Utt- g successful in getting back, anil spent the night r,-, at tlie camp- lucky dogs to get clean straw and . gj a tent overhead when many delicate women j = were obliged to brave tbe night air outside i>l best they co«ld, ' it A incite complete performance than | Richelieu, cast as it was last night, has never been witnessed in Geclong. ilrooko never y acted better; matured as lie is by years and study lie still seems tn have improved since liislast visit; the excellence of the impcrsona- ; Hon of the Cardinal could scarcely be stir- j ! passed; the many fme bits of writing with ' which the play abounds seemed to acquire new force and meaning in the actor's dc- . livery. It was quite a pleasure to welcome back to Geclong the galaxy of talent with which Mr Brooke is accompanied. Mr and .Mrs Heir, Mr Rogers and Mr lyichd Mr Wright, a stranger to this stage'playM the foppish courtier very well; To- nig\i\ Mr Brooke lays aside the tragic for the enrme muse, and as O'Callaghau will give a side-' shaking to ail who can appreciate tlie rol licking fun of an Irish gentleman of very limited moans but an unlimited stock ol " resources." It was announced that last evening David Blair, Esq., would deliver a lecture in the Hall ol tbe Mechanics' Institute. Subject; " A Plea for Ghosts," (in reply to Mr Michic.l At tbe hour app-' ..ted, half-past i" o'clock, a numerous and highly respectable, auditory had assembled to enjoy the lecture, xyi'.cri iq was announced that anticipating irregularity in the running of the trains and uncertainty as to the time of arrival in Geclong, Mf Half had abandoned the. idea of coming down, and remained in Melbourne. The following explanation has been banded to us for publi cation Sir,—Permit mc to explain that the train which should have lauded mc at the Geclong platform at fi.'.lo was delayed at the Wurribee for one hour and a quarter. 1 therefore did not reach the institute till a o'clock. On Thursday, 1 hope to be racN punctual, | mn, Ac., David Bunt," Mr Lalor points out an error in the report of his remarks on the immigration resolutions in the Assembly 011 Wednesday last. Mr Lalor said he did not make any such remark as that attributed to him that " there was already a sufficient number of skilled vine dressers in the colony," but on the contrary, supported Mr Foot's motion. The discus sion took place after our own report closed, and we copied the portion complained of from the Age, duly acknowledging the source from whence it was derived. Some sort of Nemesis seems to dog Mr Ireland's steps wherever he goes electioneer ing. For Villiers and Heytesbury he has bean defeated by 38. Mr Rntledgo is elected. ' We import the following from the Age of yesterday—"At the City Police Court, yes terday, a man named Ryan, who has_ for some three weeks back been in the habit of frequenting Fitzroy Gardens, and grossly and indecently insulting females whenever he could find an opportunity, was brought up, and the offence being clearly proved, was sentenced to twelve months' imprisonment with hard labor, as a warning to others of r the same class as himself It is to be hoped that this severe sentence will have its due effect, and that not only the Fitzroy Gar . dens, but onr other public resorts, will be . freed from the presence of ruffians of this description." The Angus states the man's real name to be John Campbell, and that he is an engineer. Yesterday's Ballarat Star says—"A short time ago we noticed the completion of the Melbourne Road Railway Embankment. Workmen aro now engaged on the line at this side of the bridge, and the old road has been completely closed up, and metal laid on the new road on both sides of the bridge; The culvert, too, has been changed to near the railway bridge. The line between here and Warrenheip is neariy ballasted, and ready for the sleepers, which are piled in heaps'along the line. The works at the Pecl • street railway bridge are now goiug on a little faster. More masons are employed, and the ponderous walls are rising with visibly greater speed, as if, now that the earthworks are stopped, the contractors have awakened to a sense of what was really wanted." 