THE UP AND DOWN TRAINS OF LIFE, (Continued from page, 178V) CHAPTER XXIX. Starting in Life. BOUND goes the ball in the middle of the (table, at the Conversation-house of Baden-Baden. Under those brilliant lights, what a company-mixed, silent, an4 mad, gather in a detose crowd! > Here is a dowager-duchess arranging her Napoleons on the green baize, side by side with the dressed-up lodging-keep er of the town. Here are London shopmen, out for their month, putting down their five franc pieces carefully within those magic lines, or over the number they please to back ; and in the very midst is a yeung lady, with the last novel in her hand, determined to get again the little she resolved to stake, and making the loss more and mo^e every throw. Mark the feces of the front rank. The struggle to look careless; the ending by looking very fiends in obstinacy, and in hatred to the two thin,, gray haired men who rake up the coin, without even a glanee towards the losers. I see there one yotith, doesn't look more than fifteen certainly. He began with risking five francs. He has now a pile of Napoleons so tall, that he splits it into five or six piles. He gets much more than "the Table'' gets. But the Table knows mm. By to-morrow night that youth will have lost all he has on the baize, and tfen times as mudi as his mother at the IJo tel will give him to play with. Outside, but pressing in to see what goes on, is a different sort of ero'tird. This is where we stand. We cotild watch the " Bank " lose every franc vto the players, without, being tempted1 to risk one sou. For we should know that Uff-ttidfrow night, the " Bank " would appear with fresh funds, and re-win all fte losses in a few hours. " Ah ! He's come at last!" This is said by some outsiders, as a gashing young fellow enters the room, along with a shorter, but older man. who looks as if he had taken a full comple ment of the vin, but not the ordinaire, of the duchy. " Here he is! here he is!" say several voices at once. The thin, gray old gentlemen do not even look up, hut every body else turns to see the new arrivals. "We said, " dashing young fellow," but we haJ no idea of picturing anything noble or spirited in the young man's ap pearance. He had a finely moulded figure, and fried to jgive it the easy bearing and the off-hand gait with which it landed abroad", months ago. But it was a failure. Only a few months of rioting and gambling had done their work. And .* dashing," save in the cut and colour of lis clothes, and a certain swagger that was all assumed, is not the word for him, we recall it. Claude's companion was of about as much use in guiding and restraining him, as the tutors of young men of family generally are. " Now, well just let the fools have it all to themselves for once, Claude," said Firnaby, the tutor. " We'll just mind our own business, if you please, Mr. Parson, for, if I don't turn the luck in my favour, to-night, may I rf But Claude's sentence was never fin ished. For, just then, the crowd opened, and there sprung out from the inner room, where the larger stakes are lost and won, right upon Claude (who was nearly knocked over), a middle aged, tall man, who grasping his iron gray hair on both sides of his head, rushed to the door, erying " Perdu 1 Perdu 1 '* at the very top of his voice. He had just lost the last hundred of several thousands of pounds, and cried, with many a French, and many an Italian oath, too. that his wife and child were beggars. " Look at that," said Firnaby. "I am looking," Claude_auswered " And that is just the man I've no ami bition whatever ofresembling. Already,. I'm a little more like him, Firnaby, than you suppose.'' And Claude clenched his teeth in a deep " sacre!" When the rouge et noir had disposed of every farthing of that morning's remittance, the mad youth, far on in the night, dashed open the door of the inner " hell" and "before he left it, he was fifteen or twenty thousand pounds in debt, to some of those gentlemen of the Jewish persuasion, who hang about the establishment for the accommodation of the public. That night was the ghost, that haUn* ted the heir of the house of Latson many, many days and nights yet to come. And so the down train rushed, and rushed along,-how fast, the first-class passenger little dreamed. And when miles and miles away from where we have just left him, Claude Blance, muddle-brained, flashy, and lost, one day rubbed shoulders (with Hugh Church (still called Hugh Church), neat, j sober, and a gentleman, in a crowded i London street, the tip-train flashed past | the Down, and the half-brothers never j knew how close they had been, for half-a second, on the hot Railway of Life. 