POLITICAL HA RDIIIOOD [ OR APPOINT MKNTS AND DISAPPOIKTAIENTS. ' .(From the S. 31. Jleratd.J -..' ' ' ' ' By spotless iiinoccrino bolray'd-5; ''_ '' And guileless trust 1' ,' ; : . '..:' . '.' '- '.' '?' ? ' — Buassi . Pout thou think I'll endanger ray iovX gratis 1 ... .' '.'?'.! ' ' ..' Hekry iv. ,-??-. ,':Qui s'excusu,- s'accusc.' The man who ,'; voluhtt'ers- ii'publio defence of conduct . wliich the law sanctions, and for \ihich he !. is respoiibilile to nobody,' is npt'lo incur ndditionni censure, aggravated by ridicule. Somebody tells him that somebody thinks he has dine something wrung, so he begins ? , by acquainting all the world with the im-; puted offence, in the vogue hope thit his ? , accompanying npolrgy may give, genernl satisfaction. Unluckily, however, nine times in ten the charge is 'remembered i as' aniidiuisfiion ng;iinst himself, while the defence 13 throw n aside or pulled to pieces. If this is true in ordinary cases, if is om photiciilly so when the attempted defence is, iu fact no more, than n pal lint ion, and Reeks merely to divide conftsaed eulpubi ? lity with third parties. .- r ; Mr. Hurdy was attacked by ihoswnmp ngne of the tenth i-f May. Mr.1 Hardy consented to take tho unit's place in 'the glorious tiventy-one. He shared the petty hopes and the wholesale discomfi ture of lhat august body. He wentlfor wool arid relurr.ed ''shorn'.' ! Wiser men ...did .and suffered the like, and the public , .cared little t.i ask the reason why. The ; case was sufficiently disposed of by Ham : 'let's general i formula ? ? - i, ', ; ' The cnt will mow, tho dog will lioio his day,1, and the day was happily! so short a one, that the-' dupes and victims' ? were in' a ' fair ;way to' be forgotten'; : ; '. I ? ? ...?? But Mrl Hhrdy, would not,! will 'not' ? have it so. , Having been made ridiculous .for a duy, he looked to bo 'Ilonorable' for life. He was painfully astonished at finding his own name''' omitted' from -the '.. . New '\ Council list— that finishing grace; ,. which his auspicious -patronymic lent to ????*' the; twenty-one.- 1 denied to the twenty-' : . three ! 'If Mr. Hardy was astonished, ;?' his friends wero 'surprise'di' .and so he . ?.went. and. wrote a' letter,; nay more, iwas . ..'.' guilty of printing nnd .publishing.' Alas i what is friendship, if none of !Mr. ' 'Hardy's admirKil interposed to check [this .lost infirmity .oii^s noble mind? j '' '? . , ./Well, we have redd Mr.Hardy's letter (as who has not ?). and ;we have done! our; ? : best to be; very sorry for him:'1' But j ihoi .' case is one in which it is difficult to .do anything bat laugh. ? In our childish days ., we used ? to hear of certain, ( fabu'lpus ? 'PhoDtiicbpters,' blessed birds of Utopia ' than ran about with one side' roasted; and' . ,'. the other boiled, wilh.kniv'es ' and forks stuck, in their heads i.oryihg '. Come j eat me.Vr Mr^ Hardy is the : true Australian -''?' Pheonicopter-;'he has offered to hungry dupe-hunters a temptatiori beyond all -or-' '' dinary powers of resistance^' anil 'we! can-' ' nbt-7wonder ; that he., has ... been ' most .catawampously cliawed up. .-?: : .''..', Taking his own statement of the enso, .this' sweet com plainer,' who so touch ;? ingly invokes public pity for his wrongs, ' got over-reached in one of those bargain's 'which are mildly characterised, 'as 'con-. '; |traiy';'tp! public policy;'/ Hesold himself , C'krapurpose o{ which he' was half ashamed . .under ' conditions which he felt to be , 'humiliating ;- and he had not even the 'cuteness to secure the consideration ! This is Mr. Hardy's own case, and we must say' that neither the shnrp practice which he contemplated, nor the pitiable flatness 'whicli'lost him his fee, is credita ble to a member of his honourable profession. The former falls far below the moral, the latter below the intellectual standard generally maintained by his legal brethren in this colony. . These reflections, be it observed, are ,? ,' forced on us by Mr. Hardy himself. He -accuses, rather than excuses himself; ad ' mits the worst that was believed or sus pected by the few who thought on the ',. subject, and then calls heaveii and .earth f to witness the bitterness of his own disapr ? pointment, and the blackness of Minis terial perfidy. Now, assuming tho.facts. . to be as Mr. Hardy states them (andthere' , is a genuine freshness of verdure about his . ?j narrative whicli -strongly er gages our 'J; belief), we are not at all disposed to ad ?...-_ mire the proceedings of Messrs. Cowper ;?'?'. andRoberison. In the brief vernacular, $£ he/twas cosily, done', but lhey~*'3id hrn— -' '/.?;dia Kiiri very br--wh indeed. Bu,*^Avhy r; ? 'would Mr. -Hat'dy ?? # ' such a, cas^j -:' '/pi '?-?';--*? into .., Court.?. . Her was, ..frail, and Ministers' were false., ..But h'e' sacri-j ficed his,' political .chastity: rO.a /.the vaguest 'assurances- and cdnnot -even establish breachof pron ise, unless before such .a jury ns decided the great case of Bn'rdcil V. Pickwick. Mr.. ; Hoberlspn's letter (the only -wriiten evidence in the ciuuc) nmounta to no more than ,' Chops and '.'? 'toma'ta ' sauce.' 'Something like political' , led action may,, doubtless be proVed ^'.but-^not to'dwell oii the shrewd remiirlc ofjthe lSaltirday ' Review, jili^i 'in such cases the fault is rarely all 'on , one side) perhaps Mr. Hardy will, appreciate, the professional '? sucgestirtn, that even if his liberal friends wished to claim damages from the too' insinuating : Premier, they .would find it difiitult to establish loss 0/ service 1 ' Untie these circumstances the betrayed and forinlcen one would have done betjer, in.sritting re^i{tnedly under tin* shadow of his wrongs, than in pnmd-, ing his frailty before an unsymp.ilhising puMic. ,, , ,. -,- - , M , . The truth is, Mr. Flardy's fetter is in substqneo an act' of' retaliation, not of defence... Two Cabinet Ministers have induee'd him to expose' himself, and lie wishes in turn to expose them. If he thinks this worthwhile we : can haveno objection. ; Public morality gains by such exposures.' It is well that' the people should know of what. dull metal a politi cal tool can be made, and at the s.ime time should rlenrn to do, justice to th'o! economical patriotism of statesmen wh'o will not buy a tool so long na they can beg, borrow or steal one 1 Setting aside the morality- of the transaction, Messrs. Cowjjcr and. Robertson ? managed . their trading wall and cheaply, riot even wast ing ivfib where an _ equivocation would suffice. ; Itis much to the credit of Lands,' that' he 'enme over a solicitor at a less coost than- he lately scaled the hustings. '?'?? Yet we feel that the, laurels oft he coiiqucrers nro tamishedby, the case of the victory. Poor Mr. Hardy wns not a fucman worthy of their steel ; he had nut the ghost .of. a ? chance /i with such adversaries. Or, to take a bird's eye view, of the proceedings,' '-'ihera 'was no credit iri caging him, He wasn't fly to anything, and didn't understand even the most ' primitive trap.'1' He was. 'that nlowcst of birds in whose sight the net is spread, yet not spread in vain, A junior clerk might have made such a capture. At times we nro almost driven to the sup position that Mr. Hardy met his ensnarers more than halfway- — that, like Domitian's tnrbot,.,, . ',' , :????-??? ?.-.-?? ? ^ . . .- 'Ipse capl volutt?', '...'... ? '. . It is, however, possible that the written narrative of the bargain nnd sale in ques tion -does' not dn justice to the' ability, of the high I'ebn'traciing', , parties^that' the wn'uld-be cnuncillor coquetted with more shyness or slyness than his.letter implies, that the Ministers exercised all the diplo macy of hint and suggestion to make him infer a promise arid revel in the pleasures of hope. . There is a. bathos in supposing that Cowper wasted his fascinations on n heart already yielded; or; that the illustri ous Robertson, Lands of; the Land Bill,, who has duped constituencies and nose led democratic delegates, ..would, after fixing his hook in the snout of leviathan, condescend to angle for a mere gudgeon. But if in 'good truth.Mr. Hardy was no more wide-awake than bis tale implies, then we must repeat 'that tho success of Ministers in tricking ' him was ' cheap and nasty,'1 and can only be excused on the ground that they did it to keep their hands in, ns Mr. Job Johnson prigged the three, lumps of- sugar. :.; . ,. ? ?TiV.inyest'with the/characters'' of . legis lators— r-men whqoi you have pledged 'not to deliberate ; to foist into ? the ; Senate men whom you confess -unfit to -remain there.;- to .bribe men to dishonour; by licensing, them to print.' Honorable ' on their visiting cards ; and, lastly, to im ply, a promise which it were falsehood to express, and, palter in a double sense with (he 'promise ; these are all acts which Mr. Hardy charges on the men' he trafficked with ; and which (as far as they are proved) damago them without exonc-r. ruling,. him. '.'lJut. for that, whicli ,Mr. Hardy treats as the great offence of Min isters, we owe them hearty thanks. What ever else they have done amiss, they have' not put Mr. Hardy 'into -the' Council. Were'iibthing'kriown^f that gentleman beyorid/wliat his.letter of Thursday dis closes, we should fee) thnt his nominh-. tion would .have: been 'inexcusable, j He must learn n higher 'ambition,' a clearer 'view ofidiity_;'and,,we/Tnust add, a little more of 'shrewdness, as well as of straight forwardness in his political dealings, ere he enh rise above the ordinary level of a trading patriot. ' ' . ! ,;?;.'/..; ?.: ?; ' v : 'critic. ; 