PREMATURE BURIALS. The following article—"on the danger of burying persons apparently dead,"—originally published in La Science Pittoresque, has been translated for the Sydney Morning Herald from Das Ausland, a weekly Germann periodical of high standing, published at Stuttgart. " About tw0 o'clock in the afternoon, on the 13th, of July, 1829 an apparently lifeless body was drawn up by a hook out of the water near the Bridge of Arts. It was that of a brown-haired powerful young man, about twenty years old ; it was cold and colour- less ; his countenance and lips were blown out and of a blueish hue ; a yellowish clammy foam was issuing from his mouth ; the eyes were open, fixed and motionless ; his limbs were loose and dangling. The beating of his heart could not be felt, and there was no sign of his breathing. He had been a tolerably long time under water, as the mere search for his body had lasted for twenty minutes in the presence of Dr. Bourgeois : this physician however, notwithstanding the sneers of the bystanders, proceeded to try to bring back to life that which was in their eyes a mere corpse. After a lapse of two or three hours thanks to the steadfast perseverance of the doctor who although powerful and brave, was so overcome with the exertion, that at twenty different times he was just on the point of losing all hope, and of aban- doning the attempt.-the unfortunate man returned to life." Is this an authentic occurrence ? It bears an old date ; who is the author that narrates it ? The author is a distinguished physician whose name has a wide reputation—Mr. Halma-Grand. To this worthy and learned practitioner belongs the honour of having with unflagging zeal directed the public attention to the danger of interring people too speedily. Three letters which he addressed to the editor of a provincial journal—the Oleanais—have placed the question in a very clear light ; and they have been reprinted in their entirety in one of the most valuable of medical periodicals—Moniteur des Sciences Medicales. In short the statement just quoted is related by Dr. Bourgeois in the medical records. Now that I have named my authorities I will make a further quotation. "What would have become of many a drowned per- son if the devoted physician had not remained bent over the inanimate body, if he had not held his mouth close above the icelike lips, if he had not been, so to speak, all eye and ear to realise the first movement the first rustling of the heart, and if those present had not, as so often happens, given up the drowned person as dead after half an hour's exertions ? The unfortunate creatures would in that case, have been put into the grave although they might have been, brought back to life." Thus far as relates to drowned people : we proceed to speak of those who are in a deathlike state of asphyxia. " At the farther end of a large grocery warehouse, upon a low and damp ground, a narrow, insecure par- tition, had been put up, within which there slept a warehouse clerk, who was stationed there to look after the premises at night, and who usually opened the warehouse at four o'clock in the morning. On the 15th of January, 1825, double knocks were heard at the door of the grocer, who, hearing no one moving in his warehouse, quickly gets up, and, angry at the laziness of his clerk, enters and in order to administer a rebuke to him, enters the chamber in which the man is sleeping. He finds him in bed, motionless and unconscious, and quite insensible. The idea of sudden death alarms him. With all speed he sends for a physician. The Doctor conjectures that fatal suffocation has been caused by a mephitic vapour. His impression is cor- roborated by observing an extinguished night lamp safely placed, but not supplied with its proper ingre- dients, and an iron pan, in which were some coals that had been nearly reduced to ashes. Immediately he directs that, in spite of the severely cold weather, the unfortunate man is to be taken to the middle of the yard and to be placed as upright as possible upon a chair. The limbs of the man are still loose, and hang down ; his pupils are immoveable; he shows no signs of breathing by the pulsation of either heart or arteries ; he has no feeling and bears all the marks of a dead man. The efforts made for the purpose of restoring consciousness are continued for a long time without any result. At length, about three o'clock in the afternoon, after incessant attention, a dull sound of breathing is heard in the direction of the heart, and a few hours later the patient again opens his eyes, returns to consciousness, and is able to con- verse with those who had been gathered around him by the report of his wonderful restoration." A man is not therefore to be pronounced dead because he shows all the characteristics of asphyxia, nor because he has been for a certain time under the water. How terrible is the thought that a body which it is intended to abandon is possibly not a corpse — death being apparent only—and that a skilful and persevering man might bring it to life. It is already well-known how much care must be bestowed upon drowned or suffocated people, before hope dare be entertained of their recovery. Mr. Halma-Grand considers that the exertions to rescue from actual death persons attacked with the cholera, ought to be no less indefatigable. The names of two eminent authorities may also be added : the learned medical professor, Du Londe (of the Academy of Me- dicine), and Dr. Trachez, formerly hospital physician in Strasburg, who with Londe and Gaymard, were very successful at the time of the first introduction of the cholera into Poland. Dr. Trachez had observed during the dissection of a body in the dead room at the Bagatelle Hos- pital at Warsaw, another body, that of a lady fifty years of ago, who, after two days' suffer- ing, had died : the eyes were bright and very lively, and the joints flexible : the whole of the surface of the body was, however, cold, and it exhibited the following phenomenon:—The lady was laid upon the floor of the theatre ; her heels were put about an inch apart from one another, and the points of the toes were turned outwards. The point of the left foot moved perceptibly inwards and then resumed its former position ; and this movement was renewed ten or twelve times in the course of an hour. Thereupon the right foot partook of the same motion, but very gently, and afterwards the left great toe commenced a succession of alternately curving and stretching move- ments. Dr. Trachez drew the attention of Mr. Searle, an English doctor who held an appointment in the Bagatelle Hospital, to this phenomenon. Mr. Searle had, as he said, often observed it. The lady was, however, allowed to remain in the theatre, and from thence she was committed to the earth. M. Kohler and several other physicians assured M. Tractez, that they had witnessed similar occurrences. These being well attested matters of fact, M. Tractez pro- ceeds to say that there is good reason to suppose that many persons who have been attacked by cholera have been buried alive. Shall I relate one more circumstance, which pro- duced great terror in the town of La Roche, in the Department of Yonne ? A lady had lost all the mem- bers of her family by cholera, and was at length her- self attacked by it ; she is believed to be dead, but she is only apparently dead. At the moment when the undertaker's assistant is about to perform her sad office of wrapping up the body, she hears a slight breathing in the breast of the supposed corpse, which, thereupon opens its eyes, and, with frightening voice, calls out to the woman, " what are you doing here ? See, I am not yet dead ! " (An occurrence testified to by Dr. Veyrat, physician to the Bathing Establish- ment at Aix in Savoy.) I might pause here ; but must not do so. We ought to afford some elucidation of the danger, if we would avoid it. I can anticipate an objection that may be raised : these unfortunate cholera-stricken, suffo- cated, or drowned persons, who might be brought back to life by timely assistance, would not have been awakened in their coffin ; the apparently dead would, have become really dead without coming to any consciousness of their living burial, without ex- periencing the terrors of a second death struggle. I will admit the objection as proved ; but, nevertheless, there remains to the relatives of the deceased this frightful doubt, this—harrowing reflection—'' two hours' exertion might have restored him ! " Let us proceed a step further in our enquiries into these Subjects. We may mention the case of a lady, who, after being buried, tore off her winding sheet, and rose up out of the grave. A young gentlewoman, the Baroness of Armfeld, had arranged for her con- finement to take place in the country house of her father, a wealthy iron-founder at Bystadt. Ex- hausted by her labours, she sank under the pain before the accouchement was finished. In the mean- while she was to all appearance lifeless. No one could detect that her condition was only a temporary fainting, accompanied with insensibility. She was pronounced to be dead, and buried in a family vault under the principal altar of the church. As the sexton returns home at night, he hears, as he passes by the church, sighing and wailing, appa- rently coming up out of the earth. He is horror- struck, and believes he hears a ghost. He rushes off and relates his adventure to his companions. The most courageous of them venture to the spot from whence the cries proceed ; they hear the words, uttered with a weak voice, " O, God ! mercy ! mercy ! " Not one of them has the courage to enter the church. A sudden terror compels them to flight, convinced that what they had heard was the cry of some wandering spirit who needed their inter- cessions. As on the following day the sexton entered the church, a horrible sight presented itself ;—a lady who had died in giving birth to a child was swimming in her blood, and holding a dead child in her arms. The unhappy young lady had recovered her consciousness in the coffin. By the discovery, and by the return of consciousness, the pains of labour were renewed. In her doubt as to where she was, she had the strength to push open the cover of her coffin and to come up out of the vault. Her cries were heard by the stupid inhabitants of the village. She was helpless, and died within a short distance of her father's mansion. This occurrence, which is quoted by Mr. Halma Grand, is related by Dr. Macimilian Kauffman, in a work upon premature interments. I have only abridged the account. A similar, but less dramatic narrative (as the person was rescued), is related in a work by the physician Rigandeaux. Towards the end of the last half century, at Douay, a lady who was supposed to have died in the pains of childbirth, and who had been wrapped in burial clothes, was, toge- ther with her child, brought back to life. Is it suffi- cient answer to say that this took place a very long time ago, or that Bystadt is very far from Paris ? The following is one of the last of Mr. Halma Grand's collection of occurrences :—" On the 7th of August, 1857, about the middle of the day, the body of a man was brought into the Morgue, who as he was going over the Pont St. Michel, which at the time was being repaired, suddenly fell down dead. A doctor who found himself amongst the crowd that surrounded the dead man, approached near and ex- amined him, and then walked away, observing—' it is an apopleptic stroke.' " In the Morgue the body was again examined. It was cold and bore all the marks of death from con- gestion of the brain. People rummaged about his clothes, but they could not find anything which bore his name or address. The attend- ants shrouded the body and laid it upon a slab selected for the purpose, in order that the public exhibition of the body might lead to its recognition. "After the attendants had finished their work, they retired in order to open the doors of the institution to the number of persons waiting outside, when one of them said to another—' It seems to me that the dead man has just moved one of his eyes.' And in truth when they looked they saw the right eye of the man quite open and full of living expression ; he there- upon shut it suddenly, and opened the left eye ; then repeatedly both eyes opened and shut alternately ; they remained at length quite open, and their im- ploring expression seemed to say—'I am alive.' One of the attendants approached and leaned over the body, and endeavoured to ascertain if there was really any action in the lungs, suddenly the right arm of the body stretched out and seized the arm of the attendant, and held him so fast in the grasp that it was with difficulty that he could release himself. " There could be no further doubt as to the man's being still alive ; so, immediately they carried him away, brought him into the saloon, and rubbed him. In a few minutes his limbs lose their stiffness and return to their functions ; the voice of the supposed dead man comes again, he speaks and explains that he is subject to epileptic fits of numbness, during which he has a thorough consciousness of what is going on around him. As is well known, this com- plaint imparts to the muscular system as it were a convulsive stiffness, and gives to the person who suffers it the complete appearance of a corpse. "A few minutes later the resuscitated man departed in full health from the Morgue and ascended a waggon that was near, in order to gratify the curiosity of the astonished people." No man is certain that he will not fall into the water, that suffocation will not happen to him, that he will remain free from cholera, or that epilepsy or some other serious ailment may not befal him. No man is, therefore, certain that he may not be interred while still living, or at any rate in apparently dead state, given over to actual death beyond the reach of help. In the cases both of swooning and of catalepsy, the buried man wakes up and has the consciousness of his condition, I will not attempt to picture the physical and mental tortures of the unhappy man, for whom the misfortune of coming to this terrible end, this death-struggle in the coffins is destined. I will not call up the fancies and the images relating to another world which are passing before my mind. Dante only could realise such desperation. To one who is awakened in so close an atmosphere as that of an earth-covered coffin, life cannot be of a very long duration. But it is of little concern how long the terrible struggle lasts. Such a peril must, at whatever cost, be avoided. The work of the learned physician to whom we have referred was written solely and entirely with a view to protect the public against the danger liable from over-hasty interments. Is this danger one to which we are ex- posed ? M. Halma-Grand appears to believe so, and according to him frequent premature interments take place as the deplorable consequence of the practice adopted by many country doctors of readily accepting what are supposed to be signs of death without taking the precaution of satisfying themselves that death has taken place, and of having the body laid out too soon after the last breath. Very judicious regula- tions have been laid down for guiding the conduct of the relatives of a dead person. These are, however, either very little known or are not sufficiently attended to. A corpse should be left in bed in the position in which it was during the last moments of life. A doctor should certify to death, but he should not do this till the signs of death have began to show them- selves. The swathing of the body, the embalming, and the hearsing should not take place till twenty four hours after the departure of life has been certified to. Upon that point the eminent physician of Orleans says—" When I am called in to certify to a death I do not find the body in the same position as when the last breath was drawn." Scarcely is a person dead before those who watch at his bedside seize hold of him, wind him up in linen, and immediately sew him, his heart yet beating, because they say, if they do not do that the body would be stiff, "and be- cause, in order to wrap him up well, they must do it while he is warm." But for this revolting precipitancy becoming so universally prevalent, the possibility of the danger of burial alive would not need to be mentioned ; and this consideration justifies the allusion to so important a matter, that thereby the danger in question may be thoroughly avoided. 