FRENCH PLAYS." (FROM THE SATURDAY REVIEW.) In one of the reviews of Sir Walter scott s Ivanhoe, a doubt was expressed whether, on the supposition of such a state of life as that celebrated novel depicts, society could have progressed at all whether Saxon and Norman would not have been improved off the face of this island by a process similar to that which resulted in the destruction of the Kilkenny cats. A doubt of somewhat the same kind, but not precisely identical, arises when we witness the performance of M. Emile Augier last new comedy, " Les Efforts," our acquaintance with which has been renewed at the St. James's Theatre. In the story of this singular work, we do not see prefigured an internecine war which will end in the destruction of individuals. On the contrary, the prevailing tone is one of excessive mercy and forbearance. But we are led to apprehend such an utter dissolution of those links by which individuals become members of an aggregate body, that society will be as completely destroyed as by a course of wholesale slaughter. We feel ourselves quietly gliding back to a condition in which men will be like Epicurean atoms, without that chinamen which the antique philosopher devised to render their combination possible. When, in the days of our fathers, a play was stigmatized as immoral, the alleged immorality consisted in making the transgressor so interesting or so amusing that the sympathies of the audience were on his side rather than on that of the law transgressed. Thus, in the " Stranger," the charitable disposition and the penitence of Mrs. HaUer, are rendered so prominent as to beget a wish that the penalty imposed upon society by faithless wives may be remitted in her favor and when she is pardoned by her husband, in the last scene, the clemency of the indulgent gentleman is in perfect accordance with the feelings of the pit. The witty profligates in the comedies produced. under the later Stuarts frequently appear to be impelled by a love of sin for its own sake, just as St. Augustine, in his boyhood, persisted in stealing pears from his neighbours' orchards, although those that grow on his father's premises were infinitely more delicious. Scapegraces as they are, they mean. to be wicked, and they perfectly succeed and as they made their first bow to a public which was exceedingly tolerant of wickedness, provided it expressed itself in brilliant language, or involved the sinner in funny adventures, they were for a time held in considerable estimation. But neither the wife nor the sentimentalists, with all their immorality, contemplated the sub- version of the recognized moral law, and the substitution of another in its place. Kotzebue did not expect his audience to admire Mrs. Halter (or, as he called her Mrs. AVinrcr) because she was an address, but he endowed her with many good qualities, in the hope that no great sin would have some measure counterbalanced, and that the verdict of humanity would pronounce her guilty under extenuating circumstances. In fact the writers of what was once called the German school proceeded on a principal strongly resembling that of the casuistical Jesuit, who is such a conspicuous figure in the Provincial Letters of Pascal. Both the lachrymose dramatist and the too lenient confessor, admitted the validity of the general law, but they wore ingenious in finding exceptionable cases to which it seemed scarcely applicable in its full rigour and they might thus be compared to a potentate who theoretically maintains a stringent criminal code, but weakens its force by too free a use of the prerogative of pardon. The writers of the Wycherley and Congreve school, were even less beat upon a subversion of the moral code. Their heroes signed because they found it pleasanter to break, than to keep a law, and because the collision between Java and inclination furnished an occasion for droU incidents, But as for a code which should declare adultery to honourable, and even virtuous, they no more thought of such a thing than fruit stealing urchins, from St. Augustine downwards, have intended deliberately to carry out M. Proudhon's immortal matinees propriety c'est le vol. It is in Imperial France that we must seek the means of correcting our old-fashioned notions of right and wrong, and of learning that actions which in our innocence we have hitherto regarded as indications of shameless wickedness, have their source in a severe sense of honour. In Les Efforts the author does not essay to show us how an erring individual may be interesting, though he stands in direct antagonism to a social law ; still less does he tempt us to hold our reason in abeyance while he indulges us with the luxury of a hearty laugh as all will find to their cost who bravely set out his solemn and lengthy acts. He initiates us into the mysteries of a new social code, and far from startling us by collisions, he shows as a number of individuals whose acts are in perfect harmony with its severest regulations. The virtuous hero of the tale is M. Sergino, the model of what a "gentleman of the press" ought to be according to the most exalted notions. No sooner does the journal for which this excellent person writes fell into the hands of the wicked hero of the piece, M. Vornouillet (supposed to represent the unhappy M. Mires), than he instantly breaks off all connexion with it, and wonders why there is not general council of the French press, invested with the power of excluding unworthy proprietors. As the South Carolinian became a seceder the very moment he heard of Mr. Lincoln's election, so does M. Sergius bid farewell to the Conscience Publique as soon as it is associated with the name of Vor- novelist. But the distinctive excellence of M. Sergius is shown in his conduct towards the Marchioness d'Anberivo,' an amiable lady whom he has seduced from her husband, and with whom he maintains a liaison, which, though perfectly known to all the world, including the husband, is conducted on such high principle, that society regards it with respectful silence, and the marchioness is admitted into the most fas- vicious circles. In the course of time Sergino becomes fair sort pen, weary of his aristocratic mistress, and fall in love with a marriageable young lady. He os-on appears less frequently in public with the marchioness than the new code of propriety demands, and she becomes fearful lost the censorious world should begin to talk. But so far is he from any serious thought of deserting the cumbrous lady, that when she implores him to be present in her box during a performance of " Guillaume Tell," at the Opera, he at once com- plies with her request. Thus we learn that, according to the new code of morals, a married lady does not forfeit her character by forming a liaison with an estimable single gentleman, provided she makes the liaison as conspicuous as possible; but her reputation is irretrievably damaged if there is the least suspicion that a cool- ness has arisen between her and her lover. The old Decalogue £3 improved by an eleventh com- mandment, which informs us that, if we have unhappily broken the seventh, and eloped with our neighbour's wife, we are bound, not only to keep up the connexion as long as we live, but to let the world see plainly that it is not broken off. chicken hearted libertines who would oscillate between the old and now codes indulging in an intrigue sub rosa, and taking care that no one finds it out-should mond their railways, and receive a lesson from the admirable Sortfine and his immaculate main closeness. In his '* Gabrielle the play which gained the Montgiron prize - M. Augier showed us that he could, if he pleased, make a lady's husband more interesting than her illicit lover. In " Les Efforts" he goes more impartially to work, and shows that our sympathies may fairly be divided between the two. Sergino with all his virtue is not a whit superior to the Marquise d'Auboiivo. the marchionnesa's admirable husband. This Hill lUIUUUl'UllCIIII a UUUiuivuu, ....n.JlUlU. J. um worthy noble belongs, as he fancies, to the old regime, and he observes with malicious com- placency the commercial frauds by which the Bourgeois, the triumphant enemies of his order, are demolishing each other. But by his own conduct he evinces his perfect willingness to in form to the new code, by which the mare enlightened society of the nineteenth century is governed. He does not in the least resent the seduction of his wife by Sergio, but, avoiding a disagreeable éclay, quietly abandons her to her excellent lover, for whom he preserves so high an esteem, that he politely tells him he will make a point of reading his articles in whatever journals they may appear. Nor must it be supposed that lie completely cuts the Marchioness. He recollects that he is not only hor husband, but her relative, the head of her family and in that capacity he pays for an' occasional visit, makes good any losses she may have sustained through imprudent specula- tions, and 'warns her against any ship by which her commercial reputation may be compromised. To designate a husband of this description, coarse old English writers were went to employ the ugly, and fortunately obsolete, word " witted;" nor do we find that they over intended the expression to convey a compliment. Had they taken lessons in the new school, they would have perceived that, in their dense ignorance, they were mooring at the sublimest of human virtues. We may observe, by the way that in the piece, as written by M. Augier, the Marquis is his wife's uncle, and that through fear of offending English taste, the relationship has been changed at the St. James's Theatre into that of consul. The alteration was hardly needed. If the functions of a husband (simply consist in paying a lady's debts, and encouraging her to live with another man, we do not see that the slightest objection can reasonably be made to the marriage of a gentleman with his grandmother Odipus himself might have gone peacefully to his grave, with a pair of eyes in his head, if he had been properly disciplined in our now morality. Some veteran fire-eater will perhaps attribute the conduct of the Marquis, to the abolition of the old law of the duties. He will be greviously mistaken. The gallant noble can fight like a halyard, when his honour is concerned ; but as this is not affected by her notorious liaison with an honest man, there is no casus belli between him and M. Sergine. His valour comes into operation when the villain Vcrnouillet.oflended by the Marchioness, puts in his journal a/euiíieíoii in which allusion is made to the liaison in terms not to be mistaken. He at once challenges the truthful calumniator, and wounds him in single combat. And bore let us observe a peculiar refinement in the new school of morality. An illicit connexion between a gentleman and a lady may be talked about all over the world- nay, a grievous sin is committed if it is allowed to vanish from the public slow; but no reference must be made to it in type. Printing ink is like pitch, it defiles where it touches. We have not given the plot of " Les Efforts," no ever pointed out the special purpose of the author, which is to expose unscrupulous speculators of the class of which M. Mires is a well-known specimen. All that we have described simply refers to the moral basis on which M'Aughey proceeds, and which, far from attempting to justify. he expects will be received as a matter of course by his audience. He evidently means to be as harmless and as instructively didactic as any Richard Cumberland; but such, we must gather, is the social condition of his public, that he has produced a work which, in the estimation of old-fashioned folk will appear exceptionallyimmoral, even among the immoralities of the modern French stage. " Les Efforts" has been the last production of decided importance at the St. James's Theatre, but, as a histrionic curiosity, we have had a performance of Hamlet by M. Rouvier. This gentleman played the character when M. Dumas first exhibited his version of Shakspeare's tragedy at the Theatre Historique, and improved the "divine Williams" by making the Ghost appear at the end of the play, and lecture every one of the principal personages on the stage. Admitting M. Rouvioro's point of view, we may grant that his acting is not devoid of intelligence; but then the point of view is itself so hard to admit. Notwithstanding the sonorous verses in which M. Dumas has written his adaptation, M. Bouvier makes of the hero one of those thoroughly physical, non-ideal beings who are the delight of the Transporting public. When he has caught the conscience of the King" by means of the play, he literally jumps with joy. The terror occasioned by the second apparition of the Ghost doubled him up like an attack of colic and when he informs Rosencrantz and Guilders to that he knows a hawk from a Fernshaw (respec- tively translated " Louette" and " labour") he deals to each of them a smart blow in the pit of the stomach, as if to indicate that they themselves are the birds between whom he can discriminate. Possibly, all this may be thought very fine at the Porte Saint Martin, but it will scarcely be relished at the West-end of London. 