SOUTH AMERICA. — Bullctin . -Autobiography of the Rev Dr Alexander Carlyle , Minister, of Inverness. We are in receipt of additional South American intelligence via California. The following we take from the Panama correspondent’s letter of the 9th October to the Evening Bulletin :- Another Attempt to Assassinate President Castilla —Six Persons Killed. —The principal matter of interest is the fact that a third attempt has been made to assassinate General Castilla, President of Peru, and to proclaim General Fir min Castillo in his place. On the morning of the 23rd November, at a quarter before six, Castilla's private residence in tlie Calle de las Divorciados was surrounded by a part of the “ Battalion de Lima," under command of Captain Enrique Lara, who was also accompanied by a number of private persons. It appears that Captain Lara selected this hour for the attack upon the house, because at six o’clock the servants issued therefrom to go to market, and he could thus gain admittance without previously alarming the inmates. The troops were divided into two companies, one of which was to enter the house from a side door by the Calle de la Higuera, while the other company was to enter by the principal door in the Divorci ados. Lieut. Miguel Franco, who was a guard at the ride door, was immediately shot dead, and the in surrectionists gained admittance to the house and to the bedroom of Castilla, where the President was asleep. He, however, w*as aroused in season by his wife, and springing out of bed was saluted by a shot from a revolver, which was -prevented from taking effect by the pistol being knocked from the hand of the assassin as it exploded. Castilla then fled to an upper room, followed by one or two more shots, but escaped to the roof, and thence into the street unhurt- In the mean time, the President's guard, which had been taken by surprise, recovered from their stupor, and shots were fired by both sides in the house. Besides Lieutenant Franco, Juan Pflacios, a soldier of the guard, was killed. Manuel For* celledo, aide-de-camp of Castilla, received a ball in the arm, which must be amputated close to the shoulder, and from the effects of which it is feared he will die, the attack was going pn r Colonel Arguedas, the same who entered the Legislative Palace three years ago ami broke the Congress at the point of the bayonet, and who lives directly opposite the house of Castilla, came out on his balcony to see what the trouble was. Addressing the soldiers, he, inquired: “ What did you come here for r” u We don’t know ; we only know that our officers told us we must shoot General Castilla. ’ ** Well, now shoot your officers,” said Arguedas# and the order was obeyed—Captain Manuel Alarco, Lieutenant Jacinta Mayorga, and a ci tizen, Don Jose Maria dc Aparicio, son of the old General Aparicio, were shot dead by the soldiers, and Sergeant J. M. Quispe was severely wounded. This ended the row, Lara escaping from the troops and police, which by this time had come up. I should have stated in the proper place that Lieutenant Mariano Aniorin was shot dead by a soldier of his own, and who relented at the part he was taking ’in the bedroom of the President, and it was this incident that saved the President’s life. It Is said that there is a society existing at Lima, under the name of the Union and Progress, composed of sworn enemies of Castilla, and at the head of which is Don Pedro Galvez, late Secre tary of War and member of the Congress, that was expelled by Castilla through Arguedas, and under "whose directions, it is supposed, all three of the attacks on the attacks on the President have been made It is affirmed by severed that they saw Galvez, mounted on a chesnut-colored horse, close to the scene of action at the time the attack was made. Senor Galvez lias taken reiuge in the Palace of the French Minister. MuttDF.lt OF ' THE CP TTtK PkRUVIAK Minister to Brazil. —Dona Teresa ieoanr, wife of Don Buenaventura Seoane, Peruvian Minister to Brazil, was brutally rmmWod, and her house robbed, at noonday on the 21st ot November. She was alone in her house at the time. She was found nearly dead, her head having been hor riHy bruised by a club and from blows from the butt of a pLtol. She died in a tew moments after. This sort of murder is of quite common occurrence in Lima, and yet I behove that no murderer has been punched there for the past three years. The new Constitution, just promul gated, restores capital punishment lor murder. The Guano contracts lately made have been con firmed by Congress. Chile, — A good deal of dissatisfaction and some agitation prevails in this country in conse quence of the passing of the Personal Liability Bill, which makes revolutionists and disturbers Of the public peace responsible in money for the damage they do, and because Congress has lately extended the extraordinary powers given last year to the President till alter the Presidential elec tion next summer. But ihe Government is pro bably too strong for the mal-contents. The rising of the Indians in Aranco are not on so large a scale as reported. The Government has 1200 troops in the district, which are considered suffi cient to keep the Indians at boy. Gold Exported prom California in* I860.-— The total amount of treasure exported from this State during the year just closed is 42,287,839,68 dols. The previous year it was 4640,462,66 dols., showing a falling elf ol 5,352,622,97dols. At least one million per month goes to the States in private hands, which, when added to the amount shipped for the year, makes the total export of the gold of the State reach the enormous amount of 54,287,839.68. A Spiuitualist.— ■-Early in the summer I lost one of the dearest friends I ever had, who died of a fever We had often K illed it between us, that whoever should die bust should appear to the other, and tell him the secrets of the invisible world. I walked every evening for hours in the fields and links of Prostonpans, in hopes of meet ing my friend ; but he never appeared. This dis appointment, together with the knowledge I had acquired at the logic-class, cured me of many prejudices about ghosts and hobgoblins and witches, of which till that time I stood not a little in awe. 