The Delusion of Spiritualism. The world of the "spiritualists" is not our world. There is an era of mysticism, of cre dulity, and legerdemain—an anachronism re moved by centuries from the age of pure science and reason, and, may we not add, true religion ? Mediums constantly fail in their most interesting revelations when too closely watched by persons who are accustomed to scrutinise evidence. Why do they fail ? What is the " disturbing influence ?" Surely that spirit is feeble, and ought to be held of little account, which suddenly becomes impo- tent when the need for success is greatest, when triumph would be most signal. But what is the explanation given for this inoppor- tune failure ? It is usually this. No sooner does a sceptic declare his presence by expres- sing his doubts and difficulties, and by insist- ing upon ascertaining all the conditions' of the experiments to be performed, than spirits and mediums are paralysed. A 'disturbing in- fluence" is suddenly discovered ; and we are told that spirits refuse to appear until that " disturbing influence" is removed. Can im- pudence go farther ? This pretence is simply a stratagem to get rid of any witness who is not already constitutionally inclined to be- lieve not only what he sees as the performers choose to impose upon him. The utterly fal sity of this plea of "disturbing influences" is clearly demonstrated by the following consi- derations. In the first place, it is not the mere presence of a sceptic that is so offensive to the invited spirits ; for if you keep your countenance and conceal your scepticism, the exhibition will probably go on to the entire satisfaction of the dupes. Secondly, we are repeatedly told, and with a most imposing air of confidence, by ardent converts, that they went to the first and perhaps to several séances decided sceptics, determined to doubt until they were overwhelmed by evidence; and they further tell you that they took every precaution and used due vigilance in controll ing the proceedings. Yet the spirits came, went through the programme, and wrought willing conviction. The plea, then, is simply an impudent lie. Nor has it even the recom- mendation of novelty. Spirits always have been shy and reluctant to "appear before scep- tics. The spirits that Glendower boasted he could call from the vasty deep would not come when the sceptical Hotspur taunted the mystic Welchman to produce them. 'A scep- tic, in short, is to the modern spirit what Chanticleer was to the ghosts of our grand mothers. The scene in Hamlet is parodied. The cock crows— the ghost vanishes ; the sceptic utters a profane question—tho spirit refuses to leave the immaterial world. Really it is too gross to be ludicrous. Without wishing to suggest that mediums and their dupes are all of them fit subjects' for medical treatments, we have no hesitation in saying that many of them furnish additional illustra tions of pathological and psychological phe- nomena, with which medical men are very fa miliar. The counterpart of the wretched me live beyond the love of notoriety and sympa thy, in stimulating some extraordinary or im- possible disease. The dupes of the medium are in a similar state of mind to the crowds of vulgar sympathisers with the hysterical suff erer. Tho terms in which they resent the quiet suggestions of the doctor, that' all may be accounted for by deceit on the one hand and credulity on the other, are identical. In- ' deed to hint to a man that he is tho victim of trickery, is to wound his armour-propre in the tenderest point. Henceforward you must expect no candour. His solo object is now to damage your authority, to decry your acquirements, to denounce you as a ma terialist, an athest, as everything that is abominable. Even when tho whole trick is exposed, you are accused of inhuman indiffer- ence to sufferings, and, perhaps the plainest proofs of imposture are denied. All will re- member the case of a young woman in Suffolk, who pretended she existed for weeks without food. She had hundreds of believers, who were disgusted at the proposal of tho doctors to subject her to rigid observation in an hos* pital ward. Quite recently a physician was ' gravely consulted by the employers of a ser vant-girl, who day after day continued, to the astonishment, and with the deepest commis oration of those around her, to discharge large pieces of coals from her eyes. Several ounces of this material were shown as indubi- table testimony to the fact, that the poor crea ture— who, of course, had no motive for de- ception—was generating coal somewhere in her head, and getting rid of it through her orbits. She was closely watched, it was stated, and the pieces of coal seen to come from her eyes ! How account for it ? Great offense was given by suggesting that the girl held a clandestine communication with the coal-cellar, and that fragments were furtively pushed under the eyelids for evacuation in public. It was so cruel to doubt the poor girl. Why should she inflict such injury and pain upon herself ? In this tale, which tho experience of every medical practitioner can match, we see a perfect homology with the delusion of spiritualism. Familiar with cognate infirmities, the physician, of course knows how to appreciate the manifestations of mediums. Fond of the marvellous, and ignorant or careless of the physical laws by which the Creator has ordained that the uni- verse shall be governed, there are always grown-up children who delight in deceiving and being deceived, and who prefer the most irra- tional solution of a mystery, just as their ju niors in years are facinated in proportion to the startling extravagance of a romance. We should like to apply the theory of " disturbing influences" to the full practical extent. Me diums and spirits would not exist it there were not dupes. That much is clearly proved. It follows that the latter are directly respon- sible for the maintenance and propogation of the delusion, or fraud or manifestation, or whatsoever the thing may be called. The de lusionists indulge in speculations which are essentially subjective, and have no real foun- dation in fact. To see a table dance has, in deed an objective origin ; but to conclude that the table is made to dance by the agency of spirits—which is the whole marrow of Spi- ritualism—is a purely subjective idea. The two things have no consequential connexion whatever. The first is a physical fact; the second is a subjective delusion. Let this be well understood, and Spiritualism vanishes like a dream. With our medical experience to guide us, we do not then venture to hope that reason will avail in overthrowing delu- sions that rise, like exhalations, from the rank and malarious soil of folly, Just as there are deserts and irreclaimable swamps on the earth so there are human minds that defy instruc- tion, that are impenetrable to the teachings of common sense, or which, like the pedantic fop reproved by Wellington are " over-edu- cated"-that is, crammed with learning they are incapable of digesting and assimilating. -Lancet, 