ORDINATION OF WESLEYAN MINISTERS. ' LAST evening «a ordination serriea waa bald at tl Wealejan Church, Bomke- street, Surry Hills, «ben tl Revs. G. Woolnough and W. Orton were ordained to tt Wesleyan Mioiatry. Shortly after 7 o'oloek, the President, Ber. S. Rabooi gare out. a biron end engaged in prayer, when tbe Re' Mr. Buller, the Secretary of Ibo Conference, presente tbs Bev. G. Woolnough and W. Orton for ordinatior stating that theBo two young ministers were duly ex amined, and bad been found well acquainted with Chris tian theology and af good report. Dr. Jonson, British representative, addressed tbi oandidates, stating that they had passed through thei probation, and were now submitted to be set apart foi the work of the ministry, by the Imposition of bands They were employed aa local preachers, received or trial as probationers in their circuits, and were this day examined respecting their conversion, qualifications, and oat I to the ministry, and were non presented them. Ho had examined them himself that day, and he was glad to lind them duly qualified, in I overy respcot, for tho sacred ofHoB to whioh they were to be set apart. He regretted that there WSB not here what they bad at borne-a theological institution, where upwards of one hundred oandidates were under instruc- tion for a period of three years. Ho then called on the candidates to give an account of their conversion to God, and tbeir call to the work of the ministry. The Bev. G. WOOLNOUGH. : From childhood was favoured with religious instruction, and training at Sab- bath schools. In youth bad resisted the strivings of the Holy Spirit, but bad at length been brought under cen vlotion ; and after a few years was led to cast himself on tbe Lord Jesus as bis only saviour, and was enabled I to ory Abba, Father. After bis oonveraion he felt a de- sire to call othera to repentance; and, after a few more 'years, felt it his duty to give himself up to the work of the ministry, feeling with the apostle-" Woe is me if I preach not tba Gospel." Hs advisedly offered himself to the Wesleyan Conferenoe and waa aooopted. Had not the least doubt of bis asauranos and acceptance with God, and bad no nthar iliai'.i thar, f/» lina mr\A tn Al- lr, hi. Tba Bev. W. OJITON : Wax tbe subject of strong «nd deep impressions. At the age of ten years was led to seek the Lord with all his heart, but it was not until he was sixteen that he waa enabled to see clearly that he was a child of God, and had ever since felt and did now fuel that he was a child of God. Had no doubt of his oall to preaoh the Gospel, for the call of Frovldenoo and the ohuroh wes such that he could not resist it. After some years he was led from deliberate oboioe and conviotion to devote himself to preaoh the work of the ministry, and that in connection with the Wesleyan Ministry, for he too felt « Woe ia me if I preaoh not the Gospel." All bia hope and trust waa in tbe Lord Jesus CbriBl. Br. JOB'ON having read several passages from the New Testament, again addressing the mi. nisters, said that they had beard out of the writings . of the Gospels, and the epistles of St, Paul how high the dignity, and important the charge now lo bo committed to them. He earnestly exhorted them to alwayB boar in memory their awful responsl I bllity. Should tho ohuroh or congregations oommitted to them suiter in any respeot through their negligence or their fault, the oooscquenoea would be truly fearful. He urgod them to take heed therefore to give all dill. genoa to their calling, so that they might bo oblo to give a good aooount of their stewardship. They knew bow groat the necessity waa to attend to study, to im- prove their talents by cultivating their minds, and avail tog themselves of all holp that the writings of gond mon oould afford, but above all, to attend to sound doctrino takon out of the Soriptures. They should form their lives anil mannnra nf ttiAmnAlvaa arni ihnlr alu... i aoaordanoe with the Word of God. Ho hoped and be. Mered they hid already Riven their attention (o thou tbingB, «nd that they would pray constantly for heavenl; assistance, tbat they might prove themselves faithiu Ministers of Christ. Tho reverend gentlemai then prooeeded to put the UBoal question) to each of the candidates, inquiring if he had been inwardly moved by the Holy Ghost to give himsell to the oflloe of the ministry t If be believed the Sorip. ture to be tbe sole rule of faith, and the only standard of truth t If he bad read Wosley's Sermons and hil notes on the New Testament, and waa convinced thal the views therein expressed were in accordance with the Word of God? If he read the large minutes of Conferenoe, and approved of them t II ho would give heed to the word and doctrino ? to drive away strange doctrine ; to be diligent in prayer, and laying aside worldly vanities, ¿cc; to framo and fashion hia own life and famllly, if he Bhould bave aDy, according to the Word of God ; if he would maintain peace and love among all people; and duly obey these ministers who might bo placed over them. To all whioh inquiries the usual responses were made in . satisfactory maoner. Dr. Jobson, tho President of the Conference, with the Hov. Mossre. Egglostono, Manton, Butters, and other ministers plaoed their bands on the beadB of the oandi. datea for ordination, and repeated the usual form of prayer for tbe gift of the Holy Spirct, then banding a . bible to each, addressed them separately as follows: " Take thoo authority to prooob tba Word and to ad- minister the Sacraments, aco." Tho 26th hymn having been sung, tbe President, tho Bev. S. Babona, assisted by the Bev. Dr. Jobson, administered the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper to tho nowly ordained ministers and tba other ministers who bad taken part in the service. The ex-President, the Bev. J. EOOLCSTON. hav. iog given ont the 433nd byran-" Give me tbo faun mat can remove "-engaged In prayer. Ho then delivered tbe usual obarge. It devolved on bim to addresB them on thia important oiroumttanee that bad taken plaoe. He know them so troll that ho felt it, that it afforded bim rauch pleasure to discharge suoh a duty on this oooasion. The oooasion waa important to them-the world and tba Cburoh. They woro now soparated to the servioe of Christ in tho Minis, try. Tho reverend gentleman then affectionately went on to exhort them to boar in mind the important position in wbiob they were placed-tbo servants of God and tho Cburoh ambassadors for Christ. It waa now their duty to Berk men and bring them to Christ. Aa pastors to feod tho flock, to give inatruotion to their people, and lead them to the Saviour. They were pledged to bo tho aorvonta of God. The dignity of their office should bo a motivo to personal piety and a holy example and faithfulness in tho disobarge of their duty. Ita Impartanoe would bo folt to bo truly great when it waa considered that tho interests of mankind wore at stake, and that aoula were immortal, ThiB feot should serva to Influence their hearts to faithfulness. They should be men of ono business-to feed the Hook, which they oould only do by maintaining porBonal hollnosB. They ahould attend daily to the cultivation of their minda if they would maintain a mooknesa for their glorlouB work. It was while they wore undor tho impulse of love to] God tbat the first gave thoroBclvoB to the ministry of tho Word. Therefore those feelings be renewed daily and also their evldonoo of their divino acceptance. And BB they maintain tholr own personal holinosa so will they ba enabled to moko known tho miniatrv nf Tit o «ill. TT« ,.un,mi»^d thom to road dilly the Word of God, and to observo how their fathers, Wosloy nod Flotohor, Smith and Bramwell, and Buutlng, bow they woro omioont in prayer, and they should imitate tholr holy example. Ile would remind them of their examination, and hoped they had tastoa for progroBSing in suoh knowledge as waa nooeaBary for making them ablo ministère, and pointed to the oxamplo of Paul, who had not shunned to doolato ail the oounael of God. And religious intolli genoo was now noodod in tho minister j for insidious and dangeroua attacks wore now mado on their Christianity, and to ropol auoh required thorough acquaintance of tho Divino revelation and prophooy ; to bo ovory day studying theao snbjoots; to bring thom before their congrégation only wheo necessary! but their minda wore to be stored with Divino truths, daily to improve in the myateriea of the kingdom of God ; to bo observant wherever thoy may be, so as to be ablo in all their addresses, like a good pbyaloian, to adapt them to the stale of their hearers ¡ lo givo thomar Ivos to proyor and meditation, that tboy may havo divino 01. operation. In their sermona observing a slmpliolly or aim, be'plng nothing back that would tond to tho profit of tho propio, remembering they wero sent to tum mon from darkness to light, not to proaoh «oas to gratify, but to command tho truth to men's oonaolenoes. Their aim in thc composition should bo to save souln And edify the Church. Texts would be suggested to their mind by tho Holy Spirit whioh it will bloss. Soma sermons as aro not of this character aro mlacrablo ; ir suob oonM convert it would be n mlraoic. They should not to drosB tho tiutb, lt w.itild bo spoiled by auch attempt. Too much prepunti n for Ibo pulpit could not be made, but it ahould be in groat dopondonon on Divine graoo. That I hoy may bs more effective ministers they must go bofora men as messengers of tho Gospel. In giving out hymns to oat oh their spirit, and road them so as to promote a hallowed feeling, In tho sanctuary, to bo in tho spirit ol di vollen brought frc m tho close', and to brina; the cor purgation into tho spirit with the fire of lnva on the altar ol, their bearii), and their congregations wilt ever love and revere them. In tbe administration of ibo sacramente bo thought ba icaroely need make any obsor. rations respecting the hollowed feelings tbat should per. .ade (bern while engaged in them. Bnt ha wonld remind them that they should be so administed tbat they should be regarded BB not to be put in the plaoe of tha work of spirit operating on the heart. They would find it profitable to themselves as well aa useful to tba people to visit them like a physician, from honae to house, to asoertain their real atate, and discover their maladies, so aa to be able tbs better to know tba proper romediea to adopt, and the aonnsels to givo a portion of time daily to bo devoted to pastoral duties, would secure tbe affections of tbe people. Tho dignity of their office was beyond the pride of position. Tb ey wera brought to Christ themselves, and what gifts they had were of the merer of Cod. They should* not allow emulation to unfit them for uaefulnea«. What suooosa would follow their ministrations should be sinoeraty attributed to God; self abould bo wholly ignored, and all the glory given to Him. .Tn attending to these things, they wonld be venerated «nd made a blessing. Every talsnt they baal received waa for the work of the ministry, for whioh they wero responsible. As pastors of Christ they must re» member they would have to answer at the great day of aa oounts. He had, however, known them ; and did hope and trust they bad those oonsiderationa already fixed on their hearts. When the address, whioh waa attentively liatened to by the large congregation, who tort very deep interest. in the prooeedlnga, was oonoluded, the Bev. Afr. Buttera engaged io prayer, and the President pronounced tba benediction, _. 