CHINA. We have papers from Hong Kong to the 12th of September. . The Overland China Mail of that date, adverting to the death of the Emperor, says : In the far north of his vast empire, where he fled for safety from the hands of man, and the destroying angel had fallen upon, him, and secured hini within the bonds ol aeatti ; surrounded Oy tne mural rocxs ot Aartary, and witbin the walls of Zehol, this mighty ruler has succumbed in the flower of his youth, and a nation of 400,000,000 is cast into mourning. Where now are the vauntings of this imperious prince, who spurned the contact of British power ? Where are his predictions that the "barbarian" armies of Albion and Gaul would be Bwallowed up by the frigid elements of a northern winter, or the calo rific blasts of summer ? Like a second Nicholas, he has been the first to succumb ; and as the stand ard of England waved triumphantly on the Crimean shore, while the Autocrat of all the Russia s gave up the ghost, so the same flag now flutters in the hot monsoon from the lands ceded and conceded to British power, while the Emperor of the great Cen- tral Flowery Kingdom and its many tributary prin cipalities, lies cold and stiff within his hunting palaces on the northern frontier. Peace to his ashes ! It is not the custom of Englishmen to crow over a fallen foe, therefore let us Teaye the contem plation of such an important event in the political history of Chinese Fatherland to the future, when the people amongBt whom we have taken up out- abode, and in whom our chief interests are centred, have passed over the days of mourning, and inau gurated the reign of a new Emperor. Happily, the people are optimists of the most practical kind, and believe in the doctrine that "whatever is, is right." This belief is vastly convenient for the ruling powers; and as a matter of inevitable necessity, the nation sees in the demise of the Emperor the des- - tiny of the Celestial Kingdom rolling on in the course of time, as it has done for the last ten thou- ' sand years. The will of 'the deceased. Hien Fung not having, yet been made public, the name of his successor is still unknown, although it is probable that he has' made choice among his three nearest relations, viz., his infant son, the brother who was with him in the last illness, and .bin hrntbai. flow in Pekin. In the event of his infant son being nomi- ted, there will he a regency, and the foreign policy of the nation will most probably continue pacific j in the event of Prince Rung's accession to the su preme rule the same result may be expected ; but as regards the brother who accompanied his late Majesty to the Yehei, it is not so certain that bis inclinations are likely to be peaceful. As a politi cal event, the' death of Hein Fung cannot be greatly regretted by any party. The documents which came to light during bur campaign in the North, showed that he kept himself in a state of complete isolation from business, and could only be approached by his advisers in the most delicate manner, even when the affairs of the Empire had come to a serious crisis. It is quite reasonable to suppose that under a new ruler the government of China may voluri- tarily adopt a more liberal policy, and accept foreign intercourse as an accomplished fact whieh it is use less as well as impolitic to disturb, or in any way endeavour to unsettle. The Overland Trade Report of the 11th states that the restrictions whioK were placed upon fo reigners visiting Pekin appear to have been removed, and many parties are preparing to visit that capital. Upon' the whole, foreign affairs wear a somewhat improved appearance! The import trade in British manufactures at Tientsin is highly satisfactory, but there is no export trade, and the rigour of the cli mate is much complained of; extreme heat in hammer, and intense Cold in winter. For five months the place is frozon up. At Yingtsze (the Port of Newohwang), there is not much prospeot of- a large trade. The country- Is poor, producing only peas, pulse, etc., which, by a clausein the treaty, cannot be exported in foreign bottoms— so that ships going there nave to return in ballast Besides this there are several drawbacks — the climate has all the objections to whiph Tientsin is subject— the river is shallow and ill-adapted for navigation, and it is frozen up in winter. Ait irregular, though a large trade has been con ducted for some time at Cheefoo, both in opium and manufactured goods — the only- exports having been pulse, etc. The trade is now on the wane, not only from its haying fallen into direofc and legitimate channels, but from the circumstance of transit fees Having been suddenly levied, which have stopped the trade. _ 'On the Yangtszekiang, trade appears to be thriv ing famously. . ' "It is a singular, and cheering sight," says a writer 'in the ' London Review,' " to see Queen Victoria treadincr fchA hnather.' n.nr1 wnnriprinifflmonrr the mountains and streams, where the people once rose en masse to resist the dynasty of which she is so illustrious an ornament. With highland ohief aud lowland laird, sho is still as popular as she is rever ed ; and were her throne endangered, the shattered remains, of once powerful clans would melt into one in order to crush those that would touoh her orown With a" rude! a :hostile, or impious hand. Those white cottages that send the sun-rays across the Dee from" their bright walls tire' the creations of the Queen. -What' is more! ' eh'e personally visits her tenants, takes a lively interest in their comfort and well-being, "and thus - finds timo to be a model British, sovereign. .On Sunday, she appears, wet day and dry day, in the ' little parish church in the midst of her highland teiiantfy : and subjects, and joins in the simple1 service of - the sanctuary as de voutly as" if it liad boen the acoustomed worship of her childhood. The minister of tho parish of Crathio is not the very .'choicest or most gifted of the clergy of the church of Scotland, but he has the good sense to let others more ahle than himself oc cupy his pulpit during Her Majesty's residence. The arrangement that now prevails is a very simple one. Mr Anderson seleots half a dozen from among his clerical friends, whose names he sends to tho Secretary of State for approval. If no objection be made, as is never done, the clergymen occupy the pulpit every second Sunday. This was not tho for mer arrangement, but it is the least liable to misap prehension, though it gives the parish minister the power of selection— a power, however, wliioh ho haa exercised with groat wisdom and discretion. fbf seve ral years." 