BLONDIN AT THE CRYSTAL PALACE. [From the Dispaioft.l It would be a curious task to compare the original programme of the projectors of the Crystal Palace with some of the attractions now offered to the visitors. But one thing must certainly be admitted -that in all their aspirations after high art, they never contemplated such very high art as that exhibited by M. Blondín on Saturday. To dance and throw flip-flaps blindfolded on a rope at least 120 feet above the floor-close to the roof of the superb central transept, indeed-is a performance which might almost wake the stoney giants who guard the temple of Abou Simbel from their sleep of three thousand years, and recall from the Elysian fields to the plashing fountains of the cool Pompeian rooms or the gilded shadows of the Alhambra Court the jaded ghosts of departed Boman aristocrats sighing for a new sensation, or summon the Moonah followers of Boadil to witness such a display of nerve and activity as even the choicest athletes whose faces wore " the shadowed livery of the burnished sun " would fail to parallel. To cross on a single rope the torrent which surges at the foot of the mighty Niagara was an idea worthy of America ; so foreign indeed to our conception, that we refused for a time to believe in its probability, and considered Blondin as a myth, and the strange story of his marvellous per- formances as a Yankee notion, or puffin themode pecu- liar to the people little less indeed than a gigantic hoax. But when the Prince of Wales visited the Falls, and saw the daring Frenchman cross from cliff to cliff, then we acknowledged Blondin as a great fact ; and, of course, British managers of places of public enter- tainment vied with each other in offering engagements. The result is that Blondin is among us, and yesterday I made his bow at the Crystal Palace. A stout rope was stretched from end to end of the great transept, a little above the level pf the highest galleries, the covering pf the Handel orchestra having been removed. At either end of the rope waa a sort of alcove, decorated with flags and trophies. Pre- cisely at 4 o'clock the band of the Coldstreams took their plaGe in the orcheatra, and, for the want of more appropriate music, we suppose, struck up, "Annie Laurie," with their usual precision. In a few mo- ments loud bursts of applause announced that the hero of the day had made his appearance at the oppo site ead of merope, and all eyes were strained to catch a glimpse of the active, muBcularman, in acro- bat's spangled dress, and crowned with a tiara of fea- thers, who stood, balancing by the centre a pole at least 40 feet long, prepatory to venturing on the rope. A dead silence succeeded the applause ; and then Blondin with a light firm tread advanced ulong the rope, passing with the greatest ease, but pausing once or twice to ait upon the rope, to the farther extremity over the prchestra. When he reached the end, and rested on the platform,therewaaageneralfeelmgofreliei that the long and perilous passage liad been achieved. Blondin bowed and then walked backwards for several yards. He then turned round and lay at full length on his back on the rope, recovering the erect position by a rapid turn of heels over head, or what we believe professional acrobats term a " flip-flap." This daring feat was hailed with loud applause, though some ladies rapidly withdrew unable longer to endure the sight. But a more fearful exploit was in store ; for as Blondín arríyed at the centre of the rope he deli- berately stood upon his head, then quickly recovered his erect position and ran nimbly along the remainder of the distance. The excitement of the audience was very great ; though, it is but justice to say, partially d,ue to the fear of the terrible risk the man incurred. Blondin ¿hen tied a white handkerchief over his eyes, and drew a large sack over his head, reaching below the knee, but1, eaving his arms at liberty. Thus effectually blindfolded, ha again achieved the perilous headed by Paltridge's brass band, and the magnifi- cent banner of the Lodge, they proceeded to the Wesleyan Chapel, where a sermon waa preached by the Eev. Mr. Chester. The service being concluded, they returned to the District Hotel. At 4 o'clock they proceeded to Mr. Eyder's schoolroom, and the Rev. J. Standrin delivered a lecture upon Oddfellow ship. The lecture was both eloquent and instructive. The reverend gentleman was frequently applauded during its delivery, and acquitted himself satisfac- torily. At 6 o'clock about 80 of the brothers and friends of the Order sat down to dinner, which was served up in Host Felgate's usual style. The cloth having been removed, the Chairman, P.G.M. Cox, of Adelaide, proposed the usual loyal toasts, which were of course warmly received. He then gave " His Ex- cellency Sir E. G. MacDonnell," and said that he had narrowly watched His Excellency's proceedings since he had been amongst them, and he firmly believed that he had the welfare of the colony at heart, and when the time came for his departure from these shores, he would take with him the good wishes of all who knew him. P. G. Carr proposed "The Widows and Orphans Fund." He did so with diffidence, believing that it was the toast of the evening. For the infor- mation of those present he might say that this fund was for the relief of the wives and orphans of deceased brothers. Overture by the band. P.G. Tilly re- sponded, saying that fund was the mainspring of the order. P.G. Marsh proposed " The Clergy." Sacred piece by the baud. Eev. J. Standrm responded. He believed he could not have stood on a soil more congenial to his efforts ; in no country was there greater freedom, civil and ftligious, than in this colony. P.G. Gall proposed "The Manchester Unity." Song, Mr. Bee—" Harry Bluff." Secretary Eyder responded. P.G. Felgate proposed "The Dis- trict Officers." P.G.M. Cox responded. P.G. Paltridge proposed "The Flinders Lodge." IS.Or. Tilly responded. G.M. Spence proposed "The Sister Lodges." ïf.G. Dunning responded. Brother King proposed " The Friendly Societies throughout the world." P.G. Carr responded. P.G. Gale proposed "The Visitors." P.P.G.M. Pearce'responded. Brother Mansell proposed "The Ladies." " The Press," proposed by Mr. Bee, was responded to by Mr. Ryder, on behalf of the Register and Ohserver, and by Mr. Ashton on behalf of the Advertiser and Chronicle. "The Band," "The Host and Hostess," and other toasts, having been given and responded to, the national anthem, with full chorus, brought to a close a pleasant reunion. The band performed several pieces during the evening. On Saturday, the 24th instant, the Boothby meet- ing was held at the District Hotel; about 150 persons were present, Dr. Weld being in the chair. Messrs. Milne and Townsend having given their reasons why they voted in opposition to the wish of their consti- tuents, the following resolutions were passed unani- mously :-1. That this meeting having heard the ex- planations of their members, is of opinion that they havo acted conscientiously, and are still worthy of our cordial support. 2. That this meeting records its thanka to their members for their courtesy in attending this meeting, and for their arduous exertions in promoting the interest of this district and the co- lony at large. 