Jboval Intelligence. South Bhishane School of A hts.? SitAKSfKttiAN Headings.?A scries of read- ings wero delivered last ovcning at the Mechanics' Suhuoi of Arts, South Brisbane. Thc fourth act of tho Merchant of Vcnico was first read, in which Mr. H. Glassock took tho part of tho usurious Jew; Mr. 1<\ O. Bryant, tho unfortunate merchant, "Antonio;" Mr. Hoghton, "Bassanio-," Mr. S. L. Peter- son, " tho Duke;" Mr. Gray, " Gratiano;" and Mr. T>. Peterson, "Portia." The parts ol' " Shylock " and " Antonio " were most ably rendered by Messrs. Glassock nnd Bryant, and tho other characters wero also well sus- tained. After this Mr. II. Hoghton road a selection from Dickons' " Two Cities," which was rendered in that peculiarly happy style which Mr. H. possesses for cockney repre- sentations. Tho fifth act of "Hamlet" was tho next on tho programme, with tho following cast of , characters:? Tho first Gravo-digger and Laortes, Mr. Glas- sock ; second ditto. Mr. Gray; Hamlet, Mr. Hoghton ; Horatio, Mr. S. L. Peterson ; Klug, Mr. Bryant; Osric, Mr. Glassock; Queen, Mr. B. Peterson. The first Grave-digger was rendered with great enso hy Mr. Glassock, who sang tho songs appropriated to this pe- culiar part with au evident knowledge of the play. Mr. Hoghton's Hamlet was rather too heavy. Tho King was road with fluency, as also was tho Queen, and Laortes and Osric were road by Mr. Glassock, who rendered thom with case, and had an evident knowledge) of the play, but wc would rather seo these important parts renderod individually. Tho whole of tho readings concluded with a selec- tion from Charles Lever's celebrated " Charley O'Mnliey," being Mickey Free's description of tho ghost mooting his father; and wo think Mr. G.'s rendering of Irish character is decidedly his bust forte. Toowoomba CitiMi.v.vr. Sittings. ? Tho Calender for tho sittings to ho holden nt Too- woomba, commencing on the loth instant, is unusually heavy. Tho following is a list of cases for trial:? Assault . 2 Larceny.,.?' . 6 Kapi*. 1 Killing a horse j. )ne p? on < x Wounding a horso J * (, Ilimsonreiiking '. 2 " 'attie Stealing . ti Indecent. Assault. 1 Negligent escape (constables) . 2 Total number of persona for trial ?, ,'? 18 Musio.-Our city has received an addition to its list of the professors of the " divine art" by the arrival of Mr. Otto Linden, late of Sandhurst (Bendigo), Victoria. The depar- ture of this gentleman from that locality is thus spoken of in the Bendigo Advertizer of June 20th :-" Wc are sorry to find that this gentleman is leaving us by this morning's coach, en route to the now apparent centre of attraction, Queensland. A large number of our most respectable townsmen have pre- sented him with a very flattering testimonial, which is the least tribute they could pay to one who stands so high in the musical profes- sion. Had he afforded his friends an oppor- tunity, they intended giving him a grand complimentary concert, but, as it is, all we can say is, God speed, and may his hopes be realised in the new land." Ci.eaiuno the River.?The Harbour Master calls for tenders for clearing the rivor from floating logs, from thc A. S. N. Co.'s wharf to its mouth; and for depositing said logs ou the river batik near tho Middle Ferry. The July Mah, volt Eunoi'R.?Tho success- ful manner in which tho "Telegraph" has performed tho mail service for thc two last months, bringing the English mail and leav- ing time for replies, before she started to catch the out-bound mail, hus afforded such general satisfaction, that wc bcliovo we are giving expression to public opinion in re-, questing'tho Postmaster General to arrange that the " Telegraph" may perform thc service for this month. As tho A. S. N. Compuny have pro-arranged the departure of tho "Telegraph" from Brisbane, for thc; 20th July, wc think the Company would willingly fix her time 12 hours sooner, which would enable her to deliver tho mail in good time. The Postmaster General would be consulting public convenience did ho outer upon this arrangement and announce it as soon as prac- ticable. Tim " ToowoomiiaChuoxioi.e."?We have to acknowledge the receipt of the first number of this journal. Its typographical appearance is very creditable, and as a chronicle of pass- ing events it is on a par with most first numbers of country journals. Tho editorial Pegasus hounds off on thc safe theme of tho value of the press, and in un ecstney of philanthropy, foresees in tho Chronicle tho foundation of au ngapemono for all Toowoom- ba, thu journal included. Doubtless Hercules had tho sumo hope when ho entered on tho task of cleansing the Augean stables. Our contemporary with equal perseverance may leave his foot print behind, though it he not given him to achieve tho impossible. Tim Tolx.-bau.?As will bo seen by adver- tisement in another column, the lease of tho toll-bar on tho Main Range, will bo sold by public auction at thc police oftiee, (Mr. Mole's) on Monday, tho loth instant, at 12 o'clock. -D. D. Gazette. 