EASTERN POLICE COURT. Friday, 6th December. (Before S. T. Clissold, Esq., P.M.) DRUNKENNESS.- Henry Dobson, who was drunk but very quiet, was fined 5s. ALLEGED HORSE STEALING.- William Fletcher was charged with horse stealing. Mr Sub-Inspector Downing said the prisoner was a ticket-of-leave holder, and was found on the Main road drunk, with the horse in his possession. He would apply for a re- mand for a week. Mr Clissold remanded the prisoner. VAGBANCY.- John Crooker, a lad about seven years of age, was charged with vag- rancy, and remanded until Monday in order to discover his father, who had deserted him. (Mr Dyte here joined the Bench.) ROBBERY AND PERJURY.- Ah Goo and Ah Sim were charged with feloniously entering the tent of Charles Mansfield and stealing some blankets, sugar, a coat, trowsers, and other property. The prose- cutor deposed that his tent was entered on the 30th November, and the property now produced stolen. He knew nothing of the prisoners. He valued the property at 40s. Constable Graham deposed to the arrest of the prisoners in a tent within 200 yards of thc tent of the prosecutor. He arrested them about six o'clock in the evening, and they were then in bed. The stolen property he found in a bundle near where they lay. The constable here produced some formidable-looking knives, which he found in the tent of the prisoners. To Mr Lewis (who appeared for the prisoners)- Believed they resided there. They were in bed. Ah Shing, for the defence, deposed that the tent was his in which the property was found. Another Chinaman left the articles there, but he did not know him. Constable Graham recalled, said that after the prisoners had been arrested, they were admitted to bail, and since that time he had seen them living in the same tent as that in which they had been arrested. The wit- ness for the defence, in answer to Mr Sub- Inspector Downing, said he was twice in gaol, and the last time he got three months for stealing the fly of a tent. Chin Kit de- lved that he knew only one of the pri- soners, and his tent was on Sinclairs' Hill, near where the prosecutor resided. The two prisoners were next charged with steal- ing the fly of a tent belonging to Alexander Mason. The prosecutor deposed that he resided on the Plank road, and a fly of a lout belonging to him was stolen from Dalton's Flat. He valued it at 18s, and now identified the fly that was stolen from him Constable Graham deposed to the finding of the fly in the prisoner's tent. Mr Clissold here ordered Ah Shing into custody for perjury, he having sworn that the prisoners did not reside in the tent where arrested; while the arresting constable, on the other hand, and Chin Kit, deposed that they did reside there. Mr Lewis now said that the fact of it was, the property was stolen by Ah Shing. He had this person called, and in reply to him he said that he had told Ah Coon that it was he, and not the two prisoners, who had stolen the property. Mr Clissold remarked that the witness had already sworn that the stolen property had been left in his posses- sion by another Chinaman. He directed Ah Coon to ask the witness how he could reconcile the two statements. The witness said that the first statement was an excuse, and Mr Clissold said it was dead perjury from beginning to end. The witness had come forward to perjure himself with the greatest alacrity. The two prisoners should be committed for three months each, for each offence, the sentence to be cumulative. He would remand the witness Ah Shing, to see whether he should be dealt with for per- jury or prevarication. CAUSE LIST. Rate Collector v Morris, £6 18s 6d; order for amount. The Queen v Hay, for sly grog selling; postponed for a week. Slater and wife v Steveson, and Steveson v Slater and wife. The litigants are neighbors, between whom a large amount of bad feeling exists, and a few days ago a recriminatory scene took place between them, during which the ordinary colonial slang was interchanged, and the affair ended in a free fight. Mr Lewis appeared for Slater and wife. Ser- geant Larner, in reply to the Bench, said the litigants were respectable. Mr Slater said he had not a ghost of a chance with Steve- son, as he had fought in the ring two months ago for £10 aside; cautioned and discharged. Police v Anderson, for not having a lamp lighted in front of his public-house ; fined 1s and costs. Same v Collison, for a like offence: fined 1s and costs. Town Inspector v Malony, for allowing swine to wander at large; fined 5s and costs. Same v Hickman, for allowing rubbish to accumulate in the water channel opposite his premises on the Main road ; fined 1s and costs. Same v Meade, for allowing swine to wander on the street; fined 5s. Same v Young, for a like offence; fined 5s and costs. Same v Handy, for a similar offence; fined 5s and costs. Mr Clissold intimated that if the swine were not kept off the streets, he would have to raise the fine to 10s and costs. Hayes v Neville, abusive language. Mr Vining for complainant. The defendant appealed to Mr Dyte for a character. Mr Dyte said she had better not. The com- plainant then detailed his grievances to the Bench when he was requested by the de- fendant to speak up. Mr Clissold- Mrs Neville, you had better keep quiet. Mrs Neville- The Widow Neville, if you please, with a baby in her arms. The Bench ulti- mately bound Mrs Neville to the peace. Chown v Sincock; withdrawn. Steinfeld v Leman; settled. Fowler v Fisher, £2 13s 6d ; Mr Lewis for plaintiff ; order for amount. Burnip v Colville Brothers; dam- ages for an assault. Mr Harris for com- plainant. The latter deposed that he was a splitter, and resided near the Moorabool. Thc defendants were storekeepers, resident in the same place. They came to him for shingles, and he would not allow them to have them. An altercation took place be- tween the defendants aud a brother of com- plainants, and the result was, that plaintiff got a good thrashing, and was knocked down. Several witnesses were examined. pro and con. Fined 20s and £1 1s costs. Meuller v Morris, assault; Mr Lewis for the defence; order for 1s damages, and costs 2s 6d. Caldwell v Burnip, £8 11s 6d; order for amount. Bradshaw v Nemeneck ; no appearance. Young v Dewing, and Snow v Tourney ; no appearance. The Court then adjourned. 