THE DERBY DAY (FROM THE SATURDAY REVIEW, JUNE L) , The Derby of 1861 will be remembered as one of the most striking examples of fortune's fickle- ness which the annals of the turf afford. It was said generally before the race, and we will, for our own part, venture to say after it, that never did owner, jockey, and horse take better means and appear to possess greater power to command success than Mr. Merry, distance, and Dundee. The faith of the public in the qualities of the horse and in the skill and fortune of his master began to show itself immediately after last year's Derby, and had remained unshaken, or rather had grown stronger, through whatever was either performed by Dundee and other horses, or was imagined of them, during all the time which elapsed till Wednesday last. The easy victories, and still more the splendid look and action, of Dundee in his two-year-old races, left upon the great majority of spectators the impression that they had beheld the rightful monarch of the turf. It seemed that if the three-year-olds of 1861 had met to choose a king, the general voice would have proclaimed Dundee. His appearance this week, after the triumphs of last summer and the seclusion of the following winter and spring, had in it much of the solemnity which befits a sovereign. Without any affectation of being wise after the event, we will simply say, that he seemed to us all, or very nearly all, that his achievements of last season and his celebrity in this had promised. Perhaps the ideal standard had been placed so high that the reality fell a trifle short of it. But until we have seen the immortal coursers of Achilles, avo shall venture to assert that Dundee before his downfall looked the perfection of beauty, speed, and power. Whatever horses win the Derby in future years, so long as we ECO among the candidates the qualities which made Dundee first favourite, the glories of the English Turf will not fade. It would be worth the journey every year for twenty years to come if one could be sure of seeing such a sight as Dundee taking his canter before the race. Mr. Merry has won the Derby once, and he has gone near to winning it again, and he has produced, in the chcBUut Thormanby and the bright bay Dundee, two of the fairest sights that ever the horse-loving eye rested on. Second only in fame, and equal perhaps in beauty, to Dundee, came the next of the Derby favourites, DiophantuB. This horse had gained great reputation by his two-year-old performances, although by no means equal to Dundee's and he had won the Two Thousand Guineas last month at Newmarket, for which Dundee did not compete. His running in that race was a surprise even to his owner. Lord Stamford had backed another horse, Imaus, so that he could have gained little or nothing by the victory of Diophantus. At Epsom, it may be supposed that Lord Stamford shared the expectations which grew legitimately out of the event at Newmarket, so that he will have had the ill-luck to back his horse when it lost, and to have failed to seek it when it won. In the race for the Guineas, Diophantus boat both Kettledrum nr 1 Kharkoff, to the surprise of the supporters of these horses, who asserted stoutly that the tables would be turned at Epsom-a prediction which has been fulfilled as to one horse, and might, possibly have been fulfilled as to the other, but that Klarikoff got a bad start, and did not seem ever to come fairly into the field'. There were, besides the four horses we have named, only two others of any considerable pretension-viz. Dictator and Kildonan. We should say that as Dundee and Diophantus were the best, so Kildonan v. as decidedly the worst to look at of the select six. It happened that when the numbers of the sorters were put up, the space for Kildonan's number was at first left blank to the visible disturbance of his supporters. It might, however, have been best for them to be put out of their pain at once. We must not forgot to mention the French horse Royallicu, which appeared to be an animal of moderate capacity, possessing at least the recommendation of being ridden in con leniently conspicuous colours. We could wish, by the way, that this latter prisoners foregone fully deserved. When out of eighteen horses, five are ridden in white jackets, the task of distinguish- ing among them, while in rapid motion, become J almost as difficult as that of finding a man in a white hat upon the racecourse. Nor is the one bnrrnBsmcnt alleviated by learning from the card that one of these white jackets box red and an other scarlet sleeves, and that those eyes which cannot discern between red and scarlet may seek a birth or distinction in the colours of the caps. The enormous interest of the Derby renders close observation of every detail as important as the vastness of the crowd makes it difficult. On no occasion does the spectator so much appreciate the advantage of a conspicuous uniform, such as the yellow and black in which Custanoa rode Dundee, or the cherry colour and black in which Wells has twice won the Derby for Sir Joseph Hawley, and which on Wednesday made it plainly seen that that accomplished jockey deserved a better mount than Rouge Dragon. Besides the three D's, and the three K's, and Royalties, the only horse that need be mentioned is perhaps a fourth D-viz. the Drake, who, for the fame of his sire, Stockwell, the name of his owner. Lord Glasgow, and the skill of his trainer and jockey, Scott and Ald croft, demands at least one careful and kindly glance. It this were the St Leger course, we should almost venture to confess, or at least to harbour, a suspicion that one of the White wall miracles was at hand. However, let us keep our fancies to ourselves until the Drake appears, if he does appear, at Doncaster. It remains to notice that Fordham, avocado the winner in the French Derby on Sunday, was on Klarikoff, which horse, as well as the Drake, was trained by Scott. Thus the represen- I atives of White wall were ridden by two of the most famous jockeys of the time Aldcroft, whom the North think I unrivalled, and Fordham, to whom the South can find few equals. The name of Kettledrum's stable companion- Yorkminster- will readily suggest what is the county which claims to have trained the winner of this year's Derby. Before speaking of the race itself, we must observe that the want of rain had rendered the course so hard as to produce the same sort of inconvenience, and even danger, as a severe frost, but in a less degree. We never remember to have seen such clouds of dust, and to have heard so much noise raised by the hoofs of horses gallop- ing upon what is supposed to be elastic turf. There is no doubt the best horses do their best upon grass in its best state- that is, neither too dry nor too wet and the friends of the defeated favourites may perhaps allege with truth that their chance was damaged by the excessive drought. We should certainly say that Diophan- tus would be likely to suffer from this cause, but of Dundee we should have thought before his failure that, like Graham of Claverhouse, he was equal to every turn of fortune. If it be true that Dundee was nearly knocked off his legs through the swerving of another horse, the accident is one that might naturally have been apprehended from the unusual slipperiness of the turf. We must say, however, that an accident like this would not to our minds account for the defeat of such a horse as we have always taken Dundee to be. There should be in a genuine English race something of that quality of the prize-fighter which can take even more than one staggering blow without being discomposed by it. But, be this as it may, there in no doubt that, from some cause or other, the renowned Dundee broke down. The running had been made by Diophantus at a killing pace, probably because his comrade, Imaus, soon proved unequal to that task. For above a mile out of a mile and half, Diophantus had a clear lead, but Kettledrum was in a good place near him, biding his time to revenge the defeat at Newmarket. Klarikoff, as we have said, started badly, or so also might have pro- fited by the temerity of Diophantus and deprived him of the honour of a place. Diophantus led into the straight, but as he neared! the stand, Kettledrum challenged for the first place, and it was evident in another moment that the beautiful winner of the 2,000 guineas had lost this return match. Meantime, where was Dundee ? He seemed to be in the best of places and if he were the horse that had been seen last year and fancied this, Custance would call upon him for the final effort, he would answer with joyous alacrity to the touch, and flying past Kettledrum would gain an easy victory. Up to this moment both the riding and the horse appeared all that could be desired. But how wonderful are the freaks of fortune on the turf There was a sudden strange relaxation of the horse's vigour. The moment had come for the decisive rush, and the will was there, but not the power. It certainly cannot be said of the namesake of the gallant Dundee that he cut up soft. On the contrary, he struggled gamely to the end, and our own impression is, that in the last few yards he reduced Kettledrum's slight lead and gained the smallest trillo even in the very last stride. We had expected to see him overhaul Kottle dium, just as Thormanby at the corresponding moment of last year so easily and effectually overhauled the Wizard. The surprise was indeed great when it became clear that Dundee could not go. It was at the moment quite inexplicable and astounding to see distance's call un- answered ; but the horse's limping action after the race showed how impossible had been success-, and how extraordinary the courage by which he brought himself apparently so near to it. After such a catastrophe it will be very difficult to revive confidence in Dundee, even if he should be capable of restoration to apparent soundness. But if he should never run another race, who shall look to his posterity with the hope of finding in them one at least of the essentials of a good horse-viz. pluck. Of the winner we cannot speak in terms of extravagant admiration, although it is undeniable that he came well through this most searching trial. He, as well as Diophantus, is A chesnut, and so was Thormanby, and also Butte a fly and St. Alban's, the winners of the Oak, and the St. Leger in last year. We believe that if the first seven horses in the S . Leger life were chesnuts. By a curious freak of fortune, Mr. Merry's colours were carried triumphantly in the last race of the day, which few persons cared to see, by a two-year-old, which he had entered to be sold for £40, and which fetched by auction after the race 255 guineas. The contrast between this little victory and the stupendous defeat which had preceded it, was almost ludicrous. The disappointment of Dundoe'd failure must he as great as any in the records of the turf. The only mitigation of the disaster will be the consciousness that owner, trainer, rider, and horse have all done their best. The race is timed to have been the fastest ever run over this course, and such speed upon such ground do n. ended legs of iron. A few hours' rain on Tuesday might have been worth, in some quarters, a hundred thousand pounds. AUSTRALIAN ANTS In the Proceedings of the Zitmcean Society is an extract from a letter from Mrs. Hutton, of Sydney, in which she states that one day she and her nurse killed about twenty ants who had stung her little boy, and then retired with him to her tent. On returning she saw a large number of ants surrounding the dead. At, least four ran off quickly and entered a neigh- 1 during ants' nest, where they remained about five minutes, when a large number came out, two by two, and proceeded slowly to the place where their dead companions lay. Here they seemed to wait for something, and presently she saw coming from the other side a still larger number, and 1 alting in the same place. Then two ants took up one of the dead ones and marched off, followed by two others, as if mourners; then two others entered the procession with a second dead rat, succeeded in the same way by another fair; and so on till all the dead were taken up a number of about two hundred bringing up the rear. Following the train, he found that the two empty-handed followers relieved their fellows in advance, the latter falling behind in the place of those who relieved them, and thus continuing to alternator from time to time. They had now gone a considerable dis- france towards the seaside, when they stopped at a sandy hillock, where those who marched in the march the procession commenced operations by making holes. She soon observed that only about half the number took part in this employment. When a sufficient number of graves had been dug, the dead bodies were laid in them, and those ants which had hitherto stood idle were deputed to cover them in. About six would not stir from their places. On these the others fell, and killed them, and made a single large pit at a distance from the other graves, into which all the six were but and duly covered up. The ants then all 1 paired off and marched back to the scene of slaughter, where they remained together for a few minutes, when each company left for its own habitation. If one of the " workers" (who are i smaller than the rest were killed, it was burnt d where it fell, and no friends attended the funeral A LITTLE PARTY AT RIDLEY'S. - At those Thursday divans the host provided the modest and kindly refreshment, and Betsy the maid, cr Virgilio the model, travelled to and fro with losses and water. Each guest brought his own smoke, and I promise you there were such liberal contributions of the article, that the studio was full of it; and now corners used to be diluted by a roar of laughter as you heard rather l line saw, them entering, and choking in the leg. It was, " Holloa, ProdgerB ! is that you, old boy?" and the beard of Prodgers (that famous sculptor) would presently room through the cloud. It was, " Newcome, how goes " and Mr. Clive Newcome (a mediocre artist, I must own, but a famous good fellow, with an uncommonly pretty villa and pretty and rich wife at Wimbledon) would make his appearance, and be warmly greeted by our little host. It was," Is that you, F. B. ? would you like a link, old boy, to see you through the fog?" And the deep voice of Frederick Bayham, Esquire (the eminent critics art), would boom out of the 1 tobacconist, and would exclaim, " A link ? I would like a drink." Ah, ghosts of youth, again j e draw near ! Old figures glimmer through the loud. Old songs ache out of the distance What were you saying anon about Dr. Johnson, leys? I am sure some of us must remember him. As for me, I am so old, that I might have been at Edial school-the other pupil along with little Davy Garrick and his brother. Wo 1 pd a bachelor's supper in the Temple so lately that I think we must pay but a very brief visit to a smoking party in Thornhaugh- Btreet, or the ladies will say that we are too fond of bachelor habits, and keep our friends away from their charming and amiable society. A novel must not smell of cigars much, nor should its named and genteel pago be stained with too frequent brandy-and-water. Please to imagine, then, the prattle of the artists, authors, and amateurs assembled at Ridley's divan. Fancy Jarman, the miniature painter, drinking more liquor than any man present, asking his neighbour (sub voice) why Ridley does not give his father (the old butler) five shillings to wait; suggesting that perhaps the old man is gone cut, off is getting sovon-and-sixpenco close where; praising Ridley's picture aloud, and meeting at it man undertone; and when a man of rank happens to enter the room, shambling up to him, and fawning on him, and cringing to him with fulsome praise and flattery. When the gentleman's back is turned, Jarman then spit epigrams at it. I hope he will never forgive Ridley, and always continue to hate him for hate him Jarman will, as long as he is prosperous, and curse him as long as the world esteems him, Look at Pym, the incumbent of Saint Bronze hard by, coming in to join (the literary and artistic assembly, and choking in his white neck-cloth, to the diversion of all the company who can see him ! Sixteen, eighteen, twenty men are assembled. Open the windows, or sure they will all be stifled with the smoke ! Why, it fills the whole house so, that the little this ter has to open her parlour window on the ground- floor, and gasp for fresh air. Cornhill Magazine. THE LATE COUNT CAVOUR. - The correspondent of the Daily News writes as follows from Turin:-"After my letter was posted yesterday evening, I received one or two very interesting particulars of the last hours of Count Cavour. It is a fact, of which we should be pleased to hear, that the friend who most constantly attended him in the last two days and nights of his illness was that large-hearted and accomplished English gentleman who represents hore officially the Government of our Queen, and virtually the public spirit of our country. It was actually while supported in the arms of Sir James Hudson, the British ambassador, that the Prime Minister of Italy gave up his latest breath ; it was by the hands of that sincere and steady companion, who had watched him and encouraged him in his public career, that the lifeless form was laid down in the repose of all mortality, and the pillow was smoothed for that once mighty head, relieved of the cares of Italy and Europe, and racked no longer with busy arguments of state. Another circumstance is this Although, as stated in my letter, Cavour had already sunk into mental unconsciousness at ten o'clock in the evening, when the King and Prince Eugene do Caritraano visited his bedside, he had previously received the King at five o'clock, whilst yet able to recognise and talk with him. The moment Victor Emmanuel approached, Cavour stretched out his hand to take that of His Majesty, and raised himself a little, turning to kiss the King's hand ; but Victor Emmanuel, whose cheeks were lashed with tears, bent over the pillow, and repeatedly kissed the face of his departing Minister ; then a few words were exchanged between them I know not what but they seemed to be words of confidence and hope; and the King, afflicted with all his people by the loss of an incomparable guide and servant, was forced to retire. I have learned, on the testimony of persons who sat with Cavour in these last days, that during the intervals of fever, though a slight cerebral congestion had attacked him, it was so far relieved that his intellect kept perfectly clear, and up to Wednesday afternoon he was rather in a cheerful mood, saying many sportive things to those around him. Yet, on Tuesday evening, it is reported, he said to his niece, ' To-morrow it will be all over with me.' The Capuchin, for whom he sent on Wednesday morning, several hours before the medical advisers have declared him to be in imminent peril of death, was Fra Giacomo, of the convent of Madonna dash Angell, which is at the end of the street, This Fra Giacomo, who had been intimately known to Cavour for years past, is an upright, liberal man, as I am told ; one of thoroughly loyal and Italian sentiments, whose resolution and vigour of mind had been proved in a secret mission, to Venice during the late war. He hastened to assure the dying patriot, whose thoughts and motives were familiar to him from many previous interviews, that he could at once and safely, without more ado, grant the form of absolution. 'Ah ! to an credit most 'come, dungeon' where, Giacomo?' ('Ah! you be Hcvo me then to be an upright man ; is it not true, Giacomo?') replied Cavour, with his old smile of calm expansive satisfaction-that smile, perhaps, which I saw upon his face last week to. the Chamber, when I saw him for the last time." A CHINESE DOG FOR THE QUEEN. - At the plunder of the imperial Palace of Yornaning; 3 near (the Summer Palace), near Pekin, on the 8th of last October, a little dog was found by Captain Dunne, 99th Regiment. Captain Dunno brought it home by the last mail from China. No other dog like it was found in the palace. It is supposed to have belonged to the Empress, or one or the ladies of the Imperial family, and is considered by every one who has seen it one of the smallest, and by far the most beautiful little animal that has ever appeared in England., Her by ejesty having been graciously pleased to accept the dog, it now forms one of the Royal collection, of dogs. 