SPECIAL EELIGIOUS SERVICES. The following is the account of the special religious services recently held in Adelaide referred to in oar Summary, under the head of Tha Christian public ot Aqeiauie navrng aaoptea ;he proposal of the Evangelical Alliance of Great Britain to observe the eight days from January 6 to January 13 of the present year as a season of special supplication, the first of the series of ser neea was held on Sunday, the 6th in3t. In order to insure as much union and sympathy as possible in the worship, the Committee of the Alliance suggested a number of subjects as being suitable for thought, prayer, and exhortation during the week in question. The topic recommended for :onsideration on the commencement of the ser vices was 'the promise Sof the Holy Spirit,' each congregation worshipping apart on this occasion. It wdl be seen from the particulars which we sub join of the service* held on Sunday that all the leading religious denominations have joined in the movement; ahd thus evinced their desire and anxiety to see realized the hope expressed at the recent missionary conference in Liverpool that ' the whole church throughout the whole world' would set apart a week for special prayer at the beginning of the year 1861. The following are the particulars which we have obtained relative to Sunday's services:— Trinity Church.— The Very Rev. the Dean officiated at this pla££ of worship on Sunday morn ing, and delivered an eloquent discourse upon the 3l3t, 32nd, and 33rd verses of the 1st chapter of St. Luke, descriptive of the promise of the birth and the future greatness of Jesus Christ. He also preached in the evening, taking his text from L Peter, 1st chapter and 1st verse :— ' ' But as he which have called you is holy, so be ye holy in all manner of conversation.' On both occasions there was an average attendance, and the sermons were im pressive and appropriate. St. Paul's Church, Pultknet-strket.— The Rev. A. R. Russell, Canon and Rural Dean, preached to a large and highly respectable conjrre tation on Sunday morning, from Mark 1, 37, 38:— ''And when they had found him they said unto him, all men seek for thee. And he said unto them, let me go into the next town that I may preach to them also; for therefore came I forth. ' The rev. gentleman's Bermon was for the benefit of the General Church Fund, which is chiefly devoted to the support of missions in the thinly populated districts of the colony ; but he explained the object of the Christian world in setting apart the second week in January for special prayer, and announced that further notice would be taken of it at the week-evening sermon on the following Thursday. Mr. Russell preached again in the even ing from the first five verses of the 38th chapter of Isaiah, in which are described the illness of King Hezekiah, and the gracious respite announced to him by the prophet. The collections amounted to £11 3s. 2d. Chkistciiurch, North Adelaide.— The service onSundav mornini; was conducted by tlie Vene rable Archdeacon Woodcock, who delivered a ser mon from the 2nd chapter Philippians, 12th and 13th verses:— 'Wherefore, my beloved, as ye hav« always obeyed, not as in my presence only, but now much more in my absence, work out your own sal vation with fear and trembling; for it is God who worketh in you both to will and to do of his good pleasure.' There was a good congregation, aa there was also in the evening, when the Venerable Archdeacon again preached. He chose as the subject of his discourse, which he treated in a mas terly manner, part of the 28th verse of the 2nd chanter of Joel :— 'And it shall come to pass after ward that I will pour out my Spirit upon all fleslu' Weslkyan Chapel, Pirie- street.— The Rev. Spencer Williams preached in the monung, and selected for his text the 13th verse of the 11th chapter of St. Luke—' If ye: then, being evIL know how to give good gifts unto your children; how much more shall your heavenly Father give the Holy Spirit to them that ask Hun ?' In the even ing the same minister preached, his subject being the excellency of Christ's ministry, taken from the 6th to the 12th verses of the 8th chapter of the Epistle to the Hebrews. The congregations were good both in the morning and evening. Wesletan Chapel, Archer-street, North Adelaide.— The attendance on Sunday morning and evening was about the tame as usual. Sir. Thomas Paaman, local preacher, conducted the morning service, and delivered a discourse upon the latter part of the 5th verse of the 29th chapter of the Fust Book of ChromclesjT 'And who then is willing to consecrate hi» service this day onto the Lord J' The Eer. William Brown preached in the. evening; from the 12th and two following verses of the 116th Psalm— 'What shall I render .unto the Lord for aU his benefits toward me! I will take the cup of salvation, and call upon the name of the Lord. I will pay my vows unto the Lord now in the pre Bence of all nis people.' \- Congregational Chapel, Freeman-street. — On Sunday the usual congregations attended at this place of worship. The Rev. T. H. Jackson preached earnest and eloquent sermons in the morning and evening. At the former service hia text was taken from the 11th chapter of St. Luke, 13th verse, which is quoted just above. In the evening the subject of his discourse was the 5th verse of the 5th chapter of the Second Epistle to the Corinthians — 'Now he that hath wrought us for the self- same thing is God, who also hath given unto us the earnest of the Spirit.' Immediately at the conclusion of the service a short prayer meeting was held. It was announced that prayer meetings would take place in the chapel every morning during the present week, commencing at 6 o'docx a.m. Esenezer Chapel, Ront)le-street.— The Rev. F. W. Cox, the pastor, preached on Sunday morn ing before the customary congregation en excel lent sermon from the 33rd verse of the second chapter of the Acts of the Apostles, ' Therefore being by the right hand of God exalted, and having received of the Father the promise of the Holy Ghost, he hath shed forth this which ye now see and hear.' The Eev. Morgan Williams, who ar rived on Saturday per Hamilla Mitchell, from Eng land, to take the pastorate of the Congregational Church at Kapunda, conducted the evening service. He delivered a suitable discourse upon the 44th verse of the 13th chapter of Matthew:— 'Again the kingdom of heaven is like unto treasure hid in a field ; the which when a man hath found he hideth, and for joy thereof goeth and selleth all that he .hath and buyeth that field.' Congregational Church, North Adelaide. —On Sunday morning, the Temperance Hall— the place where the services of this church are at pre sent held— was, as usual, well filled. The Rev. J. Jeiferis, LL.B.,' delivered an able and eloquent sermon upon the 16th and part of the 17th verse's of the 14th chapter of the Gospel by John :— ' And I will pray the Father, and He shall give you another Comforter, that he may abide with you for ever; even the Spirit of Truth.' The evening service was substituted by a prayer meeting, at which there was a large attendance. ? Chalmers Free Church, North-terra.ce.— The Rev. J. Gardner, pastor of the Church, preached both morning and evening. In the mom ing his subject was taken from the 41st chapter of Isaiah, the 19th and 20th verses:— 'I will plant in the wilderness the cedar, the Bhittah tree, and the myrtle and the oil tree. I will set ia the desert the fir tree and the pine and the box tree together: that they may see and know and consider, and understand together, that the hand of the Lord hath done this, and the Holy One of Israel hath created it.' The text in the evening was chosen from the 55th chapter of Isaiah, 10th and 11th verses — 'For as the rain cometh down, and the ratercth the earth, and maketh it bring forth and )ud, that it may give seed to the sower and bread o the eater; bo shall my word be that goeth forth -ut of my mouth : it shall not return unto me void ; Hit it shall accomplish that which I please, and it ihaU prosper in the thing whereto I sent it.' The ervices on both occasions had a special reference ' o the prayer meetings. United Prksbyterian CnuRCH, Gouger street.— This place of worship was well filled on Sunday morning, when the pastor, the Rev. James Liyall, preached an earnest sermon, selecting as I113 ext the 13th chapter of Hebrews, Stli verse:— 'Jesus Christ, the same yesterday, and to-day, and 'or ever.'' St. Andrew's Church, Waxefteld-street.— Flie Rev. R. Haining delivered an apposite dis course on Sunday morning, upon the 19th verse of the 5th chapter to the Thcssalonians :— 'Quench not the Spirit.' In the evening he selected as his subject tne 22nd verse of the 2lst chapter of Matthew:— 'And all things, whatsoever ye shall sisk in prayer, believing, ve shall receive.' Bible Christian Chapel, Eliza-street.— The services at this chapel were conducted by tha Rev. Mr. Allen, who chose for his text in the morning the 16th verse of the 72nd Psalm— 'There shall be an handful of com in the earth upon the top of the mountains; the fruit thereof shall shake like Lebanon: and they of the city shall flourish like grass of the earth.' The subject in the evening was the 23rd yerse of the epistle of Jude, ' And others save with fear, pulling them out of the fire; listing even the garment spotted by the flesh.' Primitive Methodist Chapel, Morphett Street.— Mr. Alfred Champion preached on Sun day morning froni part of the 50th verse of the 50th Psalm — ' Call upon me in the day of trouble and I will deliver time. The evening service was con ducted by the Rev. J. G. Wright, who chose for his sermon the 4th verse of the 1st chapter of the Acts of the Apostles— 'And being assembled together with them, commanded them that they should not depart from Jerusalem, but wait for the promises of the Father, which, saith he, ye have heard of me.' A peries of United Prayer Meetings was held during the werk, beginning on Monday evening at St.Andrew's Church :— St. Andrew's Church, Wakkfield-street.— In accordance with the proposal of the Evangelical Alliance, a united prayer meeting was held on Monday evening, the 7th iqstant at St. Andrew's Church, Wakeiield- street, the Rev. R. Haininjr, pastor of the church, occupying the chair. The attendance was very large, the building being crowded to excess. The subjects which formed the Erincipal part of the prayers were — 'An especial lessing on all the services of the week; ami ' The promotion of brotherly kindness among all those who love the Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity.*' The proceedings were opened by the singing of a hymn, after which the Rev. W. Harcus, of Clayton Chapel, Kensington, was called upon to state the objects of the movement. Having been present at the recent Missionary Conference at Liverpool, where the proposal was made to hold the services, his address was deeply interesting, and was listened to with great attention throughout. The Rev. Mr. Ross then read a chapter from EzekieL at the conclusion of which Mr. AV. Gilc» proposed that as there were a number of persons standing at the doors who could not find seats, the overflowings of that meeting should adjourn to Freeman-street Chapel, which would be thrown open for ths purpose. Additional accommoda tion, however, having been found, this stepwas considered unnecessary. The Rev. C. AV. Evan having offered up a prayer, a hymn was sun& and the Rev. Mr. TJsslier, AVesleyan niinister. read a portion of the 44th chapter of Isaiah. After thii, the Rev. J. Lyall, pastor of the United Presby terian Church, Gouger-street. prayed, and the Rev. James Jefifcris, of the North Adelaide Con gregational Church, read the 37th chanter of EzeldeL The Eev. J. Gardner, of Chalmers Free Church, then offered up a prayer, which was fol lowed by another hymn, and the reading by tbe Rer. F. W. Cox of a portion of the 2nd chapter of the Acts of the Apostles. A supplication having been offered by the Rev. George Stonehou»e, and a hymn sung, the benediction was pronounced, and the meeting concluded. Throughout the even ing the auditory were extremely attentive, and the icrvices were carried on in a very fervent and earnest manner, all seeming to be impressed with tne solemn nature of the proceedings. It was, however, thought— and the feeling appeared to be pretty general— that the services should not be con fined merely to clergymen, but that, as is usual in prayer meetings, lay brethren mizht appropri ately be called upon to take part in the devotional Mrereisps. — On Mondav mommc at 6 o'clock. & prayer mcuuiig --oa ueiu a:* .r rutuumi-Hbrccb Cliapei, at which a goodly number were present, ihe Rev. T. H. Jackson presided on the occasion, ind the service was both impressive and interesting. On Tuesday evening the second of the series of united prayer meetings was held at the Primitive Methodist Chapel, Morphett-street, and at the Baptist Chapel, North Adelaide. The following ire the particulars : — , Primitive Methodist Chapel, Morphett bteeet. — There were on the platform, besides the Rev. J. G. AVright, who presicfed, the Revs. C. W. Evan and J. Lyall, and Mr. Reid. The attendance was verv large, every seat in the chapel being occu pied. The subject for special supplication was ''The attainment of a lusher standard of holiness by the children of God.' The proceedings, were commenced by the singing of the hymn ' Ob, for a heart to praise my God.' The Rev. Mr. Wrignt then-offered up a prayer, and the Rev. Mr. Lyall read the 15th chapter of John, which was followed by another hymn, after which Mr. Reid prayed. A hymn was then sung, after which the Rev. Jacob Abbott offered prayer. The Rev. Mr. Evan next read part of the 3rd chapter of the Epistle to the Philippians, and another hymn having been sung; Mr. W. K. Thomaa engaged in prayer. Bom* more singing, and another prayer from a layman whose name we did not catch, then another hymn, and a prayer by the Rev. Mr. Lyall followed. The benediction, which was offered up by the Chair man, closed the proceedings, and the congregation dispersed a little before 9 o'clock. Baptist Chapel, North Adelaide.— This place of worship was well filled by an earnest and at tentive congregation. The Rev. G. Storehouse, pastor of the church, occupied the chair, and having stated the subject for the evening's me ditation, a hymn was sung, after which a portion of Scripture was read by the Rev. T. H. Jackson. This was followed by a prayer by the Rev. T. Q. Stow, a hymn, and the readingof the 12th chapter of Romans by the Bev. J. Jefferis. A pray or was then offered up by Mr. E. S. AVigg, at the conclusion of which a nymn was Bung, and the Rev. F. AV. Cox read the 5th chapter of the Epi3tle to the Enhe siani. The Rev. J. Gardner having engaged in prayer, there wa« another song of praise, which wii followed by the reading, by Mr. G. Prince, of the latter part of the 5th chapter of the Epistle to the Phillipians. Mr. S. Bakewell then prayed, and the Rev. T. Q. Stow read a portion of the (5th chapter of Ephesians. Mr. G. Shaw next offered up a supplication, which was succeeded by a hvmn, and the perusal of the 3rd chapter of the Epistle to the Colossians by the Rev. J. Gardner. The Bev. F. AV. Cox having engaged in prayer, a hymn was again sung, and the bene diction pronounced; after which the audience se parated. The proceedings throughout were of an impressive and edifying character, and the prayer* teemed to be imbued with an unwonted fervency and earnestness. Congregational Chapel, Frbmak-stbibt.— On AVedncsday evening, the 8th instant, the thka united prayer meeting was held inFreeinan-stiwt Chapel, on which occasion the building was ex ceedingly well filled, all the sitting accommoda tion being occupied. The Her. C. W. Evan, pastor of the church, presided, and commenced the pro ceedings by giving out a hymn, which having been sung, the first 13 verses of the llth chapter of St. Luke were read by the Rev. J. Gardner. A prayer was then offered up by the Rev. AV. Haicus, the subject of this and the subsequent petitions being ' A large increase of true conversions, especially in the families of believers.' A hvmn came next, followed by a supplication by Mr. John Dowie, and the reading of several portions of Scripture bj the Chairman applicable to the subjects of prayer. After this the Rev. J. Jefferis prayed, aad a hymn was sung. The Rev. J. Lyall then engaged in prayer, and the Rev. R. Haining read part of the 55th chapter of Isaiah. This was suc ceeded by another song of praise, and a prayer by the Rev. Spencer Williams. The audience naving again sung a hymn, a prayer was offered up by Mr. AAr. Giles, after which the meeting was closed by the pronouncing of the usual benediction. During the evening the greatest attention was paid to the services, which were very impressive throughout. The devotional exercises were unusually devout, to the point, and in some instances sublimely beautiful. Their effect seemed to have been felt by the auditory, if we may judge by the Rubdued and earnest appearance of their ccuntenances. Chalmers Fees Church.— The fourth united prayer meeting was held at Chalmers Free Church, North- terrace, on Thursday evening, the 10th inst. Notwithstanding the extreme heat of the weather the service was very well attended, Bcarcely a seat in the church being unoccupied. The Rev. John Gardner, pastor of the church, presided on tht ccasion, and announced that tbe supplications if the night would be for '^the tree irculation of the Word of trod ana » »lessing upon Christian ljtcrature.' The pro sedings were opened by singing a -psalm, after f hich a portion of a chapter from the Book of Deuteronomy was read by the Rev. R. mining, i prayer was then offered by the Rev. G. Stone louse, followed in regular order by the reading of i portion of Scripture by the Rev. C. AV^Lvan. a prayer by the Rev. F. AV. Cox, tne singing of a usafm, a portion of the ll£-th Psalm read by the Kev. J. Lyall, a prayer offered by the Rev. Spencer IV'illiams,' another psalm, the perusal of a part of the seventh chapter of the Gospel by Matthew by the Eev. J. Jefferis, a paraphrase, a portion of a chapter from St. Luke read by the Chairman, and a prayer by the Rev. t. \V. -kvan. A paraphrase having been sung, and prayer ottered by the Chairman, Who also pronounced the bene diction, the meeting separated about 9 o clock. Marked attention was paid to Jhe service by the audience, and the petitions abounded with that spirit of genuine earnestness waicn has pervaded all the preceding meetings. Wesleyax Chapel, PrRi£-STREKT.— The fifth united prayer meeting was hell at this place of worship on Friday evening, the llth instant, ihere was a large attendance, the body of the spacious edifice being complete! v filled, and the gallery par tially occupied. The Rev. Spencer AViliianis pre sided over the proceedings, which were commenced by a hymn. The Chairman then announced the subject for the evening's meditation as iouows:— 'A large outpouring of the Holy Spirit upon all bishops, pastors, and elders of the Churches; upon all seminaries of Christian learning; and upon ever}' Protestant missionary among Jew or Gentile, upon the converts of his station, and upon his neld pt labour.' He called upon Mr. G. Prince, who read portions of the 07th Psalm and of the 2nd chapter of thelstEpistle to Timothy. TheRev. J. Gardnernext delivered a prayer, which was followed by the reading bythc Kev. C. W. Evan of several extracts from the Epistles. After a prayer, offered upby thc Rev. J. Lyall, and a hymn had been sung, the Rev. Mr. Ussher read various parts of Scripture having special reference to the subject chssen for that evening. Mr. J. Scott and the Rev. J. Jefferis successively engaged in Divine supplication; after which a hymn was sung, and the Rev. AV. Brown perused part of the 72nd Psalm and of the 2)th chapter of Isaiah. The Rev. AV. Harcus was next called upon to deliver a prayer. At the-conclusion of this and another hymn Mr. J. Smith engaged in a devotional exercise. The hymn 'Praise God from whom all blessings flow was then sung, and the benediction iiuplqred by the Chairman, which concluded the meeting. All the petitions were exceedingly, appropriate and full of earnest thought and feeling. The auditory were deeply attentive throughout the service. The Rev. J. Gardner announced thai ifc had been contemplated to conclude the sacred services which were being held by uniting in the celebration of the Lord's Supper.' The proposal met with very general approbation, and it had been agreed to hold the solemn service on Monday evening next in thatbuildiug, being the most commodious in the city. He concluded by expressing a hope that ths movement would meet with the concurrence ofalL United Prssbtterian Church, Gouger Street.— Oa Saturday evening, the 12th bret., the sixth of the series of public united prayer meetings was held at this place of worship. The pastor, the Rev. James Lyal!, presided. There was a. nume rous congregation of persons of both sexes and various denominations. Having given out a hymn, the Chairman stated that the subject specially intended for the evening's petitions was 'The speedy overthrow of all false religions, and tbe full accomplishment of the prayer Thy kingdom come.' ' The Rev. Mr. Ussher then read the 72nd Psalm, and the Rev. F. AV. Cox offered up a prayer. A hymn was sung, after which Mr. W. K. Thomas read portions of the 22nd Psalm and of the prophecies of Isaiah. The Chairman next called upon Mr. James Scott and the Rev. Jacob Ablwtt to engage in devotional exercises, which they did. Some portions of Scripture appropriate to the occasion naving been read by Mr. Lyall. and a hymn sung, Mr. AVilliam Peacock and the Kev. J. G. AVright ench offered prayer. After the singing of another song of uraiie, and a Divine supplication, in which the Rev. Mr. Ussher engage;!, the Chairman repeated the announcement thut the ordinance of the Lord's Supper would be observed on Monday the 14th instant, at the AVesleyan Chapel, by tho ministers and members of the several churches which had taken part in the movement. The pro ceedings were brought to a termination by the sing ing of a hymn and the imploring of the usual benediction. The service was very impressive and edifying, and the utmost - attention was paid brougbqut by those assembled. Chbistchurch, North Adelaide.— Special ser vices in connection with thi* church were held alternately in the church ami schoolroom on the evenings of the eight days terminating with last Sunday, Saturday only being aa exception. The subjects of exhortation and prayer were in ac cordance with the plan suggested by the Evan gelical Alliance. The services in the church were conducted in the usual form, while those in the schoolroom consisted of the litany, free prayer, singing, the reading of appropriate passages of Scripture, and exhortation. The Ven. the In cumbent presided and delivered four of the ad dresses. Others were given by the Lord Bishop and the Rev. Mr. Tithenngton; the Rev. Mr. AVood, of Ptnwortham, and several laymen also took part in the services, which were evidently pervaded by a solemn devotional spirit. The attendance was good— in one instance the schoolroom was entirely filled— many expressing themselves thankful for the opportunity thus afforded thetn of joining with the lnrHrons of Evangelical Christendom in special and simultaneous prayer for the blessings so es sential to the maintenance of the vitality of all Christian Churches. The last services of the scries took plrtce on Sun day, the 13th instant, on which occasion each congregation worshipped apast. The subject, however, which engaged the attention of each one was the same, being, .' Thanksgiving- for past revival, and . the enforcement resting on every Christian to spend and he-spent in making known the name of the Lonl Jesus at liome and abroad. Missionary sermons.' United Coinrusioy op Churches. On Mon day evening, the 14th Inst., a united communion service was held at the AVeslevan Chapel, Pirie strect, it having been thought that this would be a fitting termination' to the meetings for united prayer and concerted services which hnve been held from the 8th to fcue 15th instant. The body of the chapel, which yms appropriated for commu nicants alone, was crowded, the number present being between 700 and 800. The gallery was very well filled bv spectators. The Rev. T. Q. Stow presided. There were present the following ministers, who^e denominations nre mentioned in connection with tlteir names :— Wesleyans— Revs. Spencer AVilliains, Wm. Brown, and P. C. R. Ussher. Church of Scotland— Rev. Robert Haining. Free Church of Scotland— Rev. John Gardner. Consrecationalists— Rev. T. Q. Stow. C. AV. Evan, B.A.. F. AV. Cox. J. Jefferis. LL.R, AAr. AVilson, AV. Harcus, H. Cheetham, and T. H. Jackson (of Beechworth, Victoria). Baptists— Eev. G. Stonehouse and Mr. George Prince. United Presbyterian Church— Rev. James Lyall. Primitive Methodists— Rev. J. G. AVright The proceedings were commenced by a hymn, after which the Bev. George Stonehouse engaged in prayer. The Chairman then delivered an address suitable to the occasion. He dvc elt at some length upon the fellowship which should exist among the followers of Christ, and exhorted all to cultivate and strengthen that feeling as much as lay in their power. Mr. Stow then read from the llth chapter or L Corinthians the passage relating to the institution of the Lord's Supper, and called upon the Rev. James Lyall and the Kev. T. H. Jackson to give thanks, the elements being distributed to the communicants by the various ministers present. The Rev. C. AV. Evan then ad dressed the members of Churches present. He commenced by reimirking that there was more unitv among Christians than the world was willing to admit, and more than they themselves realizeu. He went on to prove this .assertion, and then touched upon the services which had just concluded. He said a solemn obligation rested upon them all to promote the objects for which they had met every day (hiring the past week. He specially re minded them of the solemn obligation under which they lay to work earnestly for the salvation of souls. He suggested that a monthly united prayer meet ing should be held, by which at least two objects which had formed the subjects of their prayers might in some degree be promoted, viz.. the spread oi the Gospel and the increase of brotherly kindness among themselves. A hymn was next sung, and a prayer offered by the Rev. Spencer AVilhamB. The Chairman then called upon the Rev. J. Gardner to speak a few words of exhorta tion to the spectators, which he did. He referred to the wondrous sight which was presented that evening— a sight, he said, the like of which none had ever seen More— members of various deno minations joining one with another to take part in the most solemn and interesting ordinances which had ever been instituted. He glanced at the opposite positions and prospects of those in and out of the fold of Christ, and earnestly besought all to seek and strive to become members of His flock, anticipating all the objections which would rise in the mind of the doubter, and scattering them away in bold and withering language. A col lection was made to defray the incidental expenses connected with the services, after which the usual benediction was implored, and the congregation proceeded to depart. The proceedings throughout were of the most solemn and impressive character, and seemed in every respect an appropriate con clusion to the eight days services. It cannot be doubted but that the meetings now concluded -will accomplish much good, pot tne least of which will be the promotion of that spirit of unity among Christians which has occupied the thoughts and prayers of good and pious men for year; past. * ? - 