THE RECENT PARLIAMENTARY DEBATE ON MR. JUSTICE BOOTHBY. TO THE EDITOB. Sir — The attitude that the two branches of our local Legislature have at present assumed is both puz zling and paradoxical. The aristocratic section has become the guardian of popular rights, and the de mocratical the conservator of despotic power. In times past, when the question was warmly debated as to whether it would be advisable to have one or two branches of Legislature, a very, great opposition was shown — opposition that was fairly based upon the experiences of past history — to the establishment of an Upper House. It was argued that it would be aristocratic, obstructive, and practically of very little use ; but that House, on an emergency of the first im portance — viz., whether a people are to be governed by a Judge or by Parliament — has nobly stepped forth, determined to vindicate its own privileges and those of the people ; while, at the very time, the sister House hid. its diminished head and quietly van-,, iehed by a count out ; and it was not until, for very shame's sake, and at their peril, under the imperative behest of a 'Call of the House,' that hon. members could be induced to face the unwelcome question, that Mr. Justice Boothby should be requested to account for his deci sions and his conduct. But once there — hemmed in by their own Standing Orders, and public opinion — they adroitly shelved the main point of difference be tween the Bench and the Legislature, and by the terms of their resolution, affirmed that it is possible the Real Property Act is not the law of the land — in other words, that they, the Legislature, have passed a law that is not a law ! — they are going' to enquire whether an apple is the product of an apple-tree, or whether grapes are the natural fruit of. the vine, be cause a judge in that article has declared them sour. The Legislature is constituted for the sole purpose of conceiving, framing, making, and promulgating the laws of the country. It is ordained for that special purpose by the people, by the Queen, and by the Parliament of England; and it is the duty of the people to obey the laws, and of Judges and Magistrates to administer them. There are ways and means, safe and ample, to protect the interests of the Crown, and to alter and rescind anything that may be repugnant to imperial statutes without the obstructive policy of the tests of that law. Of what consequence is it to us whether the Real Property Act is not to be found in the Pandects of Justinian, or the code of William the Conqueror ? It matters little whether England has never wit nessed such an admirable and simple arrangement for the transfer of property ; and no administrator of the law of this country ought to presume to de feat the will of the people, sanctioned and authorised by every constitutional authority that can make a law — law. One debater dwelt upon the ' Judge's couscientous convictions ' ; so have the people their conscientious conviction, ' that a Judge ought to be free and perfectly independent' — so ought the people to be ; ' that he occupies a high and digni fied office' — so do the people. The interests of tens of thousands are at stake against the interests of one man. It is the will of the nation on the one hand against an opinion on the other. If it be degrading to a Judge to attend before a Court of Enquiry, infinitely more so is it humiliating for a people to allow its legal rights to be despised, and to be told that as long as he has the power these particular rights shall never be enforced. Our ideas as to what really constitutes a law will be utterly confused if it be competent for one man to 6et at defiance all the authorized modes through which a law is eliminated, and by which it becomes a law. Are we not placed in a continual state of trepidation ? Cannot every law that has been framed in South Australia come under review and be de clared ' repugnant to the law of England,' as the Custom House Act in the case of Cleve v. Dashwood? What security have we against such tyranny ? And when we look to the Lower House of Parliament for help and redress — to the men that are sent there to give lawful expression to the wishes of the people of the land — these very men absolutely forget them selves. The shadow of the Bench rests upon them. The 'history of 200 years' — like Banquo's- ghost, pallors their faces. They stare at the vacated seat on the Bench with dira distraction, and write that their own laws are not laws, and that the Supreme Court is above the Parliament. But let them while so careful in fixing another man's seat, take care of their own ; between two stools they may fall to the ground. Their duty was plain ; their promises to the people were plain ; the case before them was plain ; and on every hustings on which they place foot a plain and condemnatory verdict will await them. A great deal was said about the oath. And what is that oath ? — ' I will to the best of my under standing and ability faithfully demean myself as a Judge, and will impartially administer justice with out lear, favor, or affection of any kind.' Who denies this ? _ Pilate might have said the same ; so might a Jeffries, and one or two others out of the ' 200 years' history ;' so might a Selden, or an Aristides. The impartiality in the oath is remarkably carried out, when a suitor is informed point blank that should he have a case under the Real Property Act, it shall not be put to a Jury. The House of Assembly has virtually coincided with Mr. Justice Boothby ; or, rather, I would say, a moiety of that House. Look at the division list. How significant ; not a lawyer on the side of the people ; and how strange that this should occur on the question of the Real Property Act ! — an Act to curtail law expenses ! Look on the other side — lawyers, seals of office, and J.P.'s. I am, Sir, &c.;, NOBODY PARTICULAR. 