FRIGHTFUr/ OMNTBU3 AOCIDEMT- IN. ' ' DTTBIjIN— SIX- LIV£S LUST. Fntne yea's ngn Mr. Wilson, n London gentleman, pslablixlied a linn of omnibuses fro n the Genernl Post Oflice loRouinltoB-n, runninir through Bathmines and Ruth-jar— the t'rea'ost Ihorouphfare about Dublin. During tho dny the ' Fdvonri'o ' omnibuses ' ran every 15 minutes, and after 6 o'clock, p.m. every halt lionr. The lino was very well conducted, no serious accident having ever occurred upon it before. On Saturday night tho omnibus No. 7 left Roundtown at 0 o'clock, and arrived in th-- usual time at tho Canal-bridge, to which there is a sharp ascent on bo'h Bides. The driver pul ol up to let out a passenger on tlio bridge. Whilo the conductor was taking the fare tlia omnibns be^nn to bickdown tho incline towards Rathmines. In the effort to get on, tho horses ] which were frpsh and spirited, one or both hc oime restive, the pole' got entangled in tho tho harness, the driver lost control over them, tho omnilius continue') to biok up on tho road towards Portobollo B 'irri-ok*, and then, turning ratlier sharply r und, it was pusheil violently up the rising ground to the lock basin, hursting and pnsiing through the wooden railing j and before any assistance could he rendered the omnibus, horses and nil were precipitated into thd canal. The driver, Patrick llnrdy, a ttemly man, who is suiil to linio been |ierfecily sober, kept his seat till the omnibus went down, and wus drugged out of the wafer alive by a policeman n.nnod Qaffney, who had been on duty in tho i neigh- bourhood. Notliing is . kno\yrt of tho way in which the conduct t acted on thu occasion. Thpre were six inxidii passengers,' all of whom lost their livoa utmost immodi.itcly. The scene was fearful. 'In a pUcu ? thu mo»t unlikely, where Ilio possibility of danger could sctrcely bo' imuuineil sis human beings, shut up in 'nn omnibus, were plnnzeil into a dark riliambei, 10 or JOTcet'dot'p, ha'f full of water, shrieking on I atrugKling for holp anJ in vain. 'Iho Imrto* wom plunging, furiously, striking their hoofs ugainst the s nooth sl'my stone walls, s| lulling thu water about in their convulsive ofi'orts for life Tli- poopl^ on tho bridga nnd around tho phco pio*outed h scone of confusion anil horror, shouting for help, rushing to nnd fro, striving to lut, oil' tlio « ntur, tobroikopen tho omnibus to do »O'iielhing to savo the lives of tlio i aisengoi-u. All »m vain. Tho o ios gr.idunlly diod uwny.. 'VVIion, u'tor nn interval of 20 minutes, tho tup of 'ilia omnibus was broken in with n hatohet, all were .' diiad. Tho following lire the names of tbc victims: — Mrs. Byrne, aged 26, and hor infm.t child : Jlr. Qunn, proprietor of a inuaio establishment in 'Westlond-row i a man nainuil Uuuninglnnn, a nieht watchman in ono ol' Iho iloukn j Mrs O'Conncll, the wiio of a solicitor, from Iho county Olnrej Mins O'Connell, her daughter, aced IS years, who was at .St. Patrick's bull in tlio Oustle » few evenings hefnro, and w.is much admired for her singular b.-auty. Tho two last named nnd the child were immodiitoly romoved tollorcors' Hospital ; tlio rest wero taken to tlia Mcnth Hospital, wjere every exertion was made to rcs'oro consciousness hy Drs. Smyly, Porter, AVIiartoni Jameson and otlicr medical gontlemen Dr. Alonk, who lives n»ur thi» scune of tho dis aster, had previously dono overylhinK thut was possiblo to save some of tlio lives, but nil skill was in vain. On Wo.'lnosday, tho jury returned tho follow ing ver.lict : — *' We fin i that several parties lost thpir lives by simple drowning, owing to the omnibus accidentally bucking into tho 'chamber of the canal j and, further, we do not attach any hlamo to any parties, bolii'vinit that ivory one exerted himself to tlio best of his judgment on this sad occasion.' (Ilear, hoor.) a'ho jury aided — 'We beg to call tha attention of tlio Canal Company nnd the - IMhininers Commis sioners to tho unsafe state of tho Portobcllo bridge, and the great want of li jht thereon, for the protection of tho public from a recurrence ofaccidont on this much-used thoroughfare ' Tho foreman also said that lid was requested to stato by some of his brother jurors that they thought omnibuses shoal d have breaks hence forth. ? ? ' ? Buried Alive. — In a communication on this distressing subject, addressed to the Sydney Morning Herald, tbe follow ing awful ease is related : — A young gen tlewoman, the Baroness of Armfeid, , had arranged for her confinement to take place in the country house of her father, a wealthy iron-founderatBystadt. Exhaus ted by her labours, she sank under the pain before the nccouchment was finished. In the meanwbileshe was to all appearance litless. No one could detect . that' her condition was only a temporary fainting, accompanied with insensibility. She was pronounced to be dead, nnd buried in a family vault under the principal altar of the church. As the sexton returns home at night, he hoars as he passes by the church, sighing and wailing apparently coming up out of the earth. He is horror struck, and believes he hears a ghost. ? He rushes off and relntos his adventure to: his companions. The most courageous of them venture to tbe spot from whence the cries proceed ; they hear the I words uttered with a weak voice, ' O, God ! mercy !? mercy !' Not one of them had the courage to enter the church. A sudden terror «ompels them to flight, convinced that what they hod heard was the, 'cry of some wandering spirit who needed their intercessions. As on the following day the sexton entered the church, a horrible sight presented itself: — a lady who; had died in giving birth to achild was swim ming in her blood, and' holding a dead childinherarrs. The unhappy younglady had recovered her conscionsness in the coffin. By ?' the discovery, and by the return of consciousness, the pains of her labour were lenewed. In her doubt as to where she was, she hud the strength to push open the cover of her. .coffin, and to come up out of the vault. Her cries were heard by the stupid inhabitants of the villaee. She , was helpless, and died within a short distance of her father's ?mansion. : ''; A' Clever. Fraud.— Some years ago an eminent London merchant received, a. note from Hamburg, stating that a person minutely described, bad cheated the writer of £3000. Tho party might be met on the Duch walk of the Eoyal Exchange. Could this friend invite the man to dinner, and if ho would return the money, dismiss him with £500, as lie .was a - relative ? Tho London merchant soon ; fonnd the cheat, asked Mm to ? dine, and when they wore alone, stated bis- knowledge of thid fraud. , The guest- begged he might not bo exposed, and instantly returned a a large portion of the money, (in notes), upon which tho host admonished him, and banded him a cheque for £500. The notes received were forgeries. The cheque, was cashed immediately.— -Cily_ .Press. '.;....,'..', ? DTJBBO.— On the 15th day of Juno, from the Brewer run, by If.. Dulhurity,' Esq. ; damages and driving 16s.; Gd. each : — Grey man», collar marked. G- with AH over and like TTTJ under npnr shoulder, broken in, aged ; roan filly, AH over Q- near Bhonlrler j chesnut foal, same' brand. If not roloasor), will bo sold on the 9th of July. D. Soake, Poundkeoper. Did. your over know a woman that would not think you intelligent if you said her children were pretty ? 'Which of tho Italian Princes is most )o ba pitied ? Tho one who is out of Lucca. — Punch. A m m' it trood fortune often turns hin heiiri, his bal fortune often turns tho heads of his friend*. In tho reign of Charles I. a man wan sent to prison tor saying that tho Princo of Wales was barn without a ulurt. A sermon in four words on' tho vanity of earthly possessions — ' ShroiHs hnve no pockets.' A Schoolmaster thus describes a moneylender: ' He serws you in the present tense, h« lends in the conditional mood, keeps you in tho sub jective, and ruins you in the future .'' 