GOUUT OF lM'.TTV SKS310NS. Monday, Ann. 12. (11: fore John (i.uTett and Uoor ;e Waring, J.l'.'s.) 1 his Court sat from eleven iu the morning until fiuir iu tlio afternoon, engaged iu hearing a number ol assault cases, which arose out of a row at the Fig Iree public-house, on Wednesday last. J'lio first e .so was that of George Graham, who charged John rtlade, Thomas Makin, and Thomas Nelson, with wilful destruction of' property by break ing Ins windows. John Clarke being sworn, deposed : That on tho 7th instant ho was nt the Fig Tree, and the defendants mli ei nere uiso. A row took plaee betiveen two men named Mt kin and Jamiesoil, and hearing a smashing of windows, lie went out and saw Xelsou breaking the window with his foot. Ho wanted to go outside hut Mr. (.iridium prevented bin. After the window was broken lie saw Nelson aud Makin running up the road. Ilu afterwards saw them roturn towards the house. There were six or eight squares of glass, broken. Thomas Musgrave being sworn, stated that he was a dealer, and, lived at tho Fig Tree Ou the evening oi the 7th August, ho heard a smash, and on going out saw the three defendants aud Clarke outside, but did not see liny nf them break the windows. In cross-examination by Slade, tho witness said that he did not even say tii it lie saw the whole win dow broken en imiaxe.. Ilu h id said that Nelson might' have cut his head by hutting. in the window with his head... lie did not say that, lie had seen Nelson poke his head 'hrough: There were two attacks oa the windows, and -licwas quite sure oil tiie hist attack that tlie: three defendants were outside the house. llc-cxauiinatioir liy Graham: Heard Nelson, the defendant, say Unit 'he .vduid lie rcvcnged'onOIdCira liiuii before lie left the housu that night. _ Uy the Bench: Did not see any other persons out side tlio house at the tiiue-of thu stuii^h besides the persons h'6 ha I 1111 ned. S- : ' ' For the defence, the defend tut No'sou called John Slahcr, who stated that ho did not see the windows broken, but wns at the house at tlie time they were broken. The three lie oil hints were inside the house when the row- coniinenned.' There Wore a good many people there besides.: It was the bar window that was broken which look3 towards Wol loiiff. The other wi.idow. tb.it. wiia l,.-n I.-,,,, t',.. ,,, t , Mm 10 nl. : .Whc:i- the liar window was .broken the defen dants were in the parlor, and they coiild not [rtissibly li.no Inokun the bar window. He heard tlie second' smash after thu defendants went outside. , Ciosa-tJcamiiied : WheiVth : crash 'took ^ilncc Slade standing by the parlor door; ' and Malier and JVolson were standing beside him. None of tlio three dutciid, nits coulil have broken the wiuduws ; tliev did not leave the witness's sight. After the sceoiid. oiii i«h, lui saw Sla 'c tying Nelson's head up, which was bleeding, ;and :Ma km : was assisting liiiu. Ee menilHai.d sa^-iiig that, it the : defendants should -lio cliaigiid.witii breaking the windows he could swear that they nuver touched iliein. i Iii the Bench : The row took place in the parlor; ho did not know who was iii the bar when the win ? dows \\\cru broken .- lie thought they were broken fi^om , the. outside,, as, the, glass was-, lying ' inside; There are two parlors in tho house, ami the defon dant's were standing .at . tlie 1 p irior door- that I is fuithest roinoved froiii.tho window that was broken. \- .Alter hearing the above, evidence, . the Court dis missed the ease. : ' ': . Thomas Makin, AVilliain-Malier, and Thomas Nel son, -weie ehiirgcd with haying comniitted an assault on.CJvorge.Ctraham.-' , _ The eomplainaiit,; being sworn, stilted that 011 the 7th ot August tho . defendants .wero at bis house. They -were in the: parlor, and' it was about 7 iu-tho evening. M'.'ki:! anilaiierson named Jan lie. son came into the. parlor,-. they were both -.stripped,- and begiin to fight.- '.'Witness i-tjrferod, -aiiil' s.ilcl lie could iiot allow it; and he; endeavored tn catch liold of Nelson, \- when he gave witness a kick, and the other defen dants jumped at him,, kudek'edhiiii down, and kicked him \\\ liiul lie was down; lie. was quite sure tiiat all the delendun t-i struck diim several times. He was so injured that lie was obliged to be assisted on to th» a.da. They., -also threw, the dining-;tablo on the top of in ii., . Wit loss's so -ji-law, Clarke; came to Ilia assistance, when - 1: ul e kn-'cked him down- -- Ci.i!.3-examiutd b} . N.;!son ; Did. .not knock yon down first,. i\lakin did not pull 111c- ofl- Nelson -attor being knocked down. ' Jolm CI irke; examined :- Ou the 7th-'iust lie saw Nelson aiid Malier assault the complainant, but did not see .Malier assault him. They struck (Jrah-im 111 tlicjiiu-ldr adjoining the bar. They struck him with their lists. Did not see ? (Irahani strike Nelson, but saw, Nelson, strike Graham.- 'Jliere may have been .blows exchanged before that. Believed that lic'wns there at the commencement. Graham had interfered iii order to make peace between Jamicsou and Makin, who were the first to commence fighting. Thore was a general row afterwards. Arfer Nelson ? h id struck witness's wife he (witness) had struck Nclsoii, but not before. Wm. Malier was there, and oniieavored to make peace, and witness believed tliat lie struclc Graham under the impression that-Graham. had struck liiin first. Thomas ; Musgrave was next called, who, -being sworn, staled that lie saw Nelson strike : Gni'iam and give liiin a kick. Graliam.tlicn struck:a lilowiu return, and they both' striick .fogotlier! ? Ciarke got hold of Xelsou and Makin; and told them to go'out. He could not swuar that Makin struck (Jr.; ham. He saw him ui.ikc at him. but.th v .table .was ? upset and the lights put out, so that lie could not sua; - Graham fell.duw'ii, and the others fell on the top of liiin. -He did'not think.thore was a 111 tn 111. the house that- was sober th'.it night. ' , ' . 'For tlie defence John Slade was called, wlio stated that liejAviis prescnt'ut tho row at the Fig-trep. He siiw- Graham enter thu .parlo-,. hut did not sec him try tii piit' ony'ono out of it. 'He heard him jay that ?Makin lihd Jaiiiicsun'had hotter give over fighting, lid could swear that 'the first blow struck was by Graham, who struck Nelson when his head was 'turned. I11 coming into town on the following morning; Graham had admitted to witness that be had struck Nelson as described, and that it was a cow irdly act. This concluded the evidence, and tho Bench fined tho defendants Malier aud Nelson 10s. each, and Malier 5s., the costs of Court to be' divided amongst .the three defendants. Thomas Musgrave was then charged by Thomas Nelson with having committed au assault by maliciously cutting and wounding him 011 the head. The complainant being sworn, stated that he was a laborer, and that I10 accompanied Malier to the Fig Tree 011 the cvennig of the 7th 111st. It was about 7 o'clock. He went for the purpose of telling Mr. Slude that the tools and other property belonging to the latter had been placed in a place of safety f 0111 the flood. As he was asking M.ikiu to go home, Graham came up and knocked him down. As soon as I10 had done so the defendant came up with a Iumss e.md'estick and struck him several blows 0.1 the head. After be had struck him a blow or so, the can dlestick broke in two, and with the part that re mained iu bis hand, tho defendant jobbed the witness ] 011 the top of the bend. Sir. Klade took the candle stick away from hi 11, and pulled Graham, -Musgrave' and Clarke oli him. Thomas Makin then came and pulled. him away by the collar of the coat. Witness then went up the road a little way, an 1 on returning wont into Mr. Slade's parlour, where Mr. Sla lo bound up his head, lie then told him to report tho circum stance to the Chief Constable, and also to show his wounds to Dr. Lambert. Next morning he took out a summons. In cross-examination witness s:id that Clarke struck him w'.tli a loaded whip, and G. Graham also struck him over the eye. Thsrs was a woman who struck liiin al-o but iu could not h ly who it was. She struck him with a band brush, and on the follow ing morning there were marks where she struck liiin. He did not strike Mrs. Graham, and had only had two glasses of grog at the house. Dr. Lambert was next called, and before being sworn required to know who-was to pay his expenses. He was not called as a witness of the transiction, but in order to give medical testimony as a medical man, and he was therefore entitled Lo be paid. The I Court said that there was 110 fund from which a wit ness in such a case could be paid, but that if a committal took place, he would bo paid by the Crown. ! Dr. Lambert wns then sworn, and stated that he attended complainant professionally, aud found that he had two .scalp wo-mds. All scalp wounds are dangerous until healed, as there was danger of cryscipihis. The injuries received by complainant were not more than ordinarily dangerous, and be is iii'ii fair way of recovery. He could not tell what kind of weapon tlio wounds were inflicted with, i Thomas Lindsay, George Lindsay, John Slade, William Malier, .Howard Jainieson, and George Gra ham wore also examined either for the prosecution or the defence, but their evidence did not materially alter the case asdeppsod to by tho complainant. The defendant was committed to take his trial at the en suing 'Court of Quarter Sessions, but admitted to bail, himself ill £20, uiid two sureties of £10 each. ; There, were three other cases 011 the summons-list, arising out of the saiue fracas, but, they were set-, tied out of Court.. ' BhIIIIY -V. SllOAI.IlAVlSV Muxicipai.ity. — Moss v. M'Khmsie — Theso actions, it is expected, will be tried in thu Supreme Court, Sydney, during this week.' Mr.- ''Berry has two actions against the Shdiil liaveu 'Municipality, both baseil on alleged illegal restraint for lv.nt. Thu issue is one of great impor tance to Mumciimlitics. The other action is for an alleged libel. We have made arrangements for ob taining full reports ol the respective trials. A very ll.i.wv vim \ 1! vies.— last S.iturduy's llrll'x /.'/-? has Ilu' follow-in'; remark* on our next annual races : | 'The illawarra T.C. Programme appears to- day.! In it we notice only a tendency lo 'change from thu new to the. old,' by returning to the races of heals, { of wliieli our ancestors were so fond. The majority of the events ill the rrogrumme before us are of this pernicious class; and we cannot too strongly put thu in liter before our friends at V'ollongong, Why this system of heats should still he persisted in, when tiic experience of every racing man iu the world is against it, we cannot imagine; and we are convinced tint the promoters of the sport in the country dis tricts would find it much to their interest lo set their faces ill au uppo3ite direction.' CoMW.KTIOS 01' Tin: Mui.l.Hr CliKEK Blllllfit:, Dapto. — This structure is now completed and will be opened for public trafiie this day. The occasion, wu believe, will be,celebratcd by a luncheon to which the contractors, Messrs. Moore an j Vaughn, have in vited many of our principal residents. The comple tion of this bridge will render almost certain at all times communication between the numerous impor tant localities south of Wollongong. It should not be forgotten, ulso, that it is mainly owing to the in defatigable .exertions of the late member for this district, S. D. Gordon, Esq., that wo arc indebted for this great and useful public work. Avoxiiai.k Deiiati.wj Socinrv. — Tho question ?' Which does the most to produce crime — i'overty. Wealth, or Ignorance?' was discussed by this society on Thursday evonitig, the 1st instant. There 'was a considerable attendance, and altogether it was an exceedingly promising debate. After the transaction of some preliminary business, such as the enrolling of a goodly number of members, and electing a eommittcc, the debate for the evening was opened by the Secrctarv of the society, lie, was followed by Messrs. AV. Gnilrnu, I'oifcr, Noble, Uutledgo, Sjc.: After the opener'.- r — lv. the question was put to the meeting, who decided, by a majority, 1 that of the three states or conditions ubove-mantiotied, Ignorance does, the most to produce Crime. ; The next 'subject for. debate is ' Which is the more valuable member of 'society— tlio Lawyor, the i 'Physician,' 'the Divine, or. the : Educator:' to be opened by the Secretary. . 'There necds'iio'ghost t conic from the grave to' toll ns', wliieli' side of lb .question ho will take'. A spirited debate, .and, '11 ero^'dol attendance of ladies aiid gentlemen are expected.: Due notice will he given bv advertisement. , Vice jlEGAi, Visit. — It is rumored that his Excel lency intends to' honor the district of Illawarra sho tly, by paying it a visit, hiiould there prove ?to be any truth in the rumor, it will present an oppor tunity of showing the respect which the representa tive of Loyalty invariably receives iu a British com munity, and which will he, the more readily acoorded 011 tlie present occasion owing to the courtesy which his Excellency has always shewn towards all with whom ho has come iu contact' daring his residence 'amongst lis. ' Ast.Jl'llEll TMI'ESniXO . Stuikc at Ncwcasti.e. — Tho Newcastle correspondent of the Herald confirms tlie report. that thu wages of the miners in all the New castle-coal mines arc to be reduced aboiit twenty per cent. A .fortnight's .notice: of : tho reduction .was given .last Saturdiy.! to the incn. lie hears : tlicy in tend to strike. Thc jiVKK -;a»ile Chronicle of .yester day in substance states so also, and. .urges- that in stead of. quarrelling,; nud t'aus inflicting great loss 011 each other and 011 the town while the strike, lasts, the men slrml 1 appoint six arbitrators, tho em ployers six, and those twelve three umpires, and that the award 'rif the body thiischoseii -should be accepted by deli side as final. — Maittnr.d Mercury, Aug: 8. :'Holi.o way's I'ir.r.s A»u'''Oi.vfjtBS'T.^-Hstablished [.household runiodios.— No inddioincs are more efficient or more safe under any ^circumstances than Holio way's well-kiiowb preparations, and none are, there fore, so well adapted for family, use. They possess the -active mid essential 'therapeutical powers prc sentel by the vegetable kingdom for oxepelliiig tlie causes 'of disease' fioiii the human system. Both IIol !o way's Til's' and, Oint.iieiit are alike devoid of all mineral and vegetable, poisons. .Tlicy may'be used _u,v-iuul ttim UJ 1 ne uuuii,, uu ing simple but eliicacious in their operation. No lions hold should bo without' a supply of Holloway's Tills nud Oiiitnfcnt, as they will always be found useful j 111 restoring from 'accidental injuries, constitutional I complaints, or obstructed functions, , SunvEY Op tiik Sxowy Ittvmt.— Another letter has been received iii Sj-driey froni Mr. Black, who was employed by the Government to make a survey of the southern rivers, with a view to tho propagation of the salmon, and who litis accomplished his under taking so far , as the survey of the Snowy Iiivcr is concerned. In a previous letter, Mr. Black stated that a portion.ef that river, above the junction of the M'L iughlin, would make a very fine salmon stream, but that a ninilier of formidable rap'ds interposed between it and the, sea.;; Subsequently, Mr. Black has. made a survey of the iiivcr from the Great Topong ;Creek down to its rinoutli, and bis opinion -appears to lie extremely favorable of its adaptability for the propagation ot ' the; salmon. . According to fir. Black's account, there-arc no considerable falls in tlie lower portion of the river, and only a few moderately-running -rapids, wliieli would not offer any. impediment to the progress of , the fish. About forty miles from, the sea- the river runs first through a gently undulating country, well wooded, and then between, a., level open -forest, or rather a morass, which is flooded when, the- river . rises above its ordinary height; the breadth of the river being about 170 yards, aud its depth varying from eleven feet to five. . It appears that the mouth of the Snowy River is between 150 and 200 yards in width, the bar (upon which there is at low water a depth of 1 seven leet), being about 500 yards from the points forming its entrance. There seems to be just inside the entrance a place well adapted for fishing, either for salt water fish or for salmon. The inference gathered from Mr. Black's former letter would appear to be supported by that just to hand — that it would be impracticablo to place the breeding ponds for salmon so high up the Snowy Itiver as to be within the boundary of this colony; consequently the attempt lo propagate the salmon in that river would at (he outset concern only our southern neigh bors. Upon returning from the survey of the Snowy Itiver .Air. Black directed his way across the country to the Shoalliaven Iiivcr, which be will proceed to survey, having stopped to examine the Bega Uivcr, which he pronounces an excellent stream for the purpose he contemplates, possessing in great perfec tion all thu requisite qualities with respect to t.imperature, purity of water, and the conformation of the country. — lI,:r«W, 12th iust. Threatened StiuKe atMinjii. — The correspondent of the Maitlund Kniir/u, writing under date of the 3rd instant says : — I regret to state that the miners of this town (Minmi) suspended work this morning, pre paratory to a grand aud general strike contemplated to commence about three weeks he:.ee. Their rea son for taking this step is that the employers have given notice of a reduction of the present rate of wages to the amount of 50 per cent. Such a step will necessarily be attended with serious consequences to the parties immediately concerned, and all the more serious that it is likeiy to be general. The Muiti-Eii op Mas. Mn.i.s. — in connection with the rcceut murder near Merriwa. a letter from chief constable Sheridan, of Muswellbrooli, has beeu re ceived, enclosing a report from chief constable AVeston. of Cas.silis, 011 the ni^htof the 2nd instant. It was to the effect, that tin- blackfellow suspected of tho murder of Mrs. Mills was a native of thu Balonnc Itiver country, who formerly went by the name of Sippev, was convicted a few years ago of the murder of a German woman, and served three years in Darlinghurst gaol, lie was about twenty-three years of age. Information was received nt Muswellbrook on the 3rd at one o'clock by telegram, from the Page, tli t the blackfellow was seen two days before at Yanamanlm Creek, near Scvill's Gap, thirty miles from the l'age ; nud at two o'clock information was scut to Merriwa police, as he might reeross the range. — Mailhiud Mercury. I'j.owing Match at Buiuiowa. — On Thursday last the Burrowa Ploughing Match came oli 011 a plain farm, the property of Miss Robertson, in tho presence of a considerable concourse of spectators, chiefly of tlio class interested in agricultural pursuits, and who appeared lo take great interest in the event. Fou prizes had heen advertised as open for competition, but owing to the paucity of the number of competi tors, only two were contested. For the first prize two entrances were made, and was won by Thomas Kemp, a servant of -Mr. Jiesnard. Tho second prize was won by James Hugh -ton, a native of thu colony. As (be match was to many a novelty, few persons were found willing to enter ns competitors, but it was the general opinion that next year the muster will be greatly increased. — ' «*.i Couritr. The Sydney I'oui.tky Association's Exiiiihtion. — As was confidently expected, the roturn of fine weather before the final close of the annual exhi bition of poultry brought a considerable increase of visitors to the Temperance Hall yesterday; and the cheerful nys of the sun bad a decidedly favorable influence on the objects of public scrutiny and admi ration. After all, however, the attendance was no thing like what might have been expected, bad the weaiiier been auspicious for the opening of the exhi bition. The three days originally announced for the continuance of the show were passed, and many, pro bably, did not notice the extension of the time, Be sides, the effect of a disappointment, however trivial, cannot be easily got over. But though the exhibi tion did not, through the untoward accident of the weather, meet with all the attention it deserved, we may congratulate tho members of the association uudonr fellow-colonists goncrally, on theinanifestation of an increasing interest in tho subject afforded by the extensive and varied selection of such fine speci mens of the domesticated feathered tribes, The re sults of this exhibition will bo quietly but effectually worked out 111 the stimulus given to thu art of breed 