EIJI AND PIJIANS. Lado, Port Kinnaird, Fiji, 13tli Nov., I860. Once upon a time a god and a goddess, who rejoiced in the namo of Lado, wero directed to block up tbo Moturiki passage leading -.into this lino port, in order to stop tho rolling surf from disturbing the nightly rcposo of the great Fijian deities. They resolutely sot about it, but having iu common with other ; spiritual beings, a - decided objection to daylight, they threw tho enormous rooks eolleetod for that purpose in tho middle of Port Kinnaird, as soon as they began to " smell tlio morn ;" or, according to auothor version, thoir noblo selves bccaino changed into rocks, as were tho villagers in the Bohemian legond of Hans Hciling. Tho latter version seoms tho mora rational, for onco transformed into stono they wero unable to atir again, whilst, if they had merely tlironu down their burden, they might have been mado .to re sume their labours, liko Sisyphus of old. How- ! over, bo that as it may, tho fact is, that I am now on tho' rock identified with the name of tho goddess, to pen a fow lines to you ; and I trust that, whatever intentions tho Fijinu Olympus may formerly liavo entertained re specting tlio two Lados in general, and tho oiio I am writing on in particular, thoy will recon sider -tho- question, since the British colours wavo on tlio summit of this islet, tho rooky Blopcs have boon transformed into terraces of flowers, and a neat European built cottage, surrounded by a lawn of couch grass, contains tho archives of tho British Consulate.. Judging from tho orowds of boats and canoes daily ar- riving — for overy ono hero has either tho ono fti flift nflini_flin anflrlnn (llannnnnmnnn rtf flila establishment would bo felt ns a serious incon venience. The British Consul is now tho solo authority that ' keeps order iu Fiji, tlie natives having voluntarily mado over to liim the entire j urisdiotion of tho group, and found it prefcrablo to abide by his judgment rather than break their own heads and those of tho white settlors by on appeal -to the club. It was easy for tliom to arrivo at this conclusion ; meanwhile, tho person who thus finds himself called upon to adjust the differences . of a nativo population about twico that of Now Zealand, and a sprinkling of , whito immigrants amounting to' about fire hundred souls, soma of whom hold queer ideas of poetical justice, lius no idle time of it; and if Mr. Pritohard. had not acquired a thorough mastery over' tho Polynesian mind by means of bis intimate acquaintance witli all tlioir customs, usages and traditions, of which he skilfully avails himself, thero would bo again wars imd dissensions, to tho Berious detriment of tho native population. I havo repeatedly listened to tho proceedings in court, and been Btruek with tho logical ncuteness of the natives. Their mind is indeed of a much superior order to that of most savages ; and thoir discussions nro as much aboro thoso of. tho Maoris, now teeming in the New Zealand newspapers, as the talk of men is to tho prattlo of children. Tho Fijians are not so prepossessing in op -: penranco as those lazy and hnndsome fellows, tho Tonga men, who flock over hero in great shoals ; but while tho Tongueso lose, tho Fijians gain by a closer acquaintance. There is a manliness about them that is extremely winning. Their language, ns far as euphony goes, yields to nona X liavo heard in any qnnr tcr of tho globe, and to my car it sounds as pleasing as Spanish or Italian.' They aro cer tainly not nn idlo people, and though not working liko our own labourers, from six to six, they aro great cultivators of tho soil, skilful fishermen, end--, able builders and managers of canoes. Far from living under an absoluto despotism, as is erroneously supposed, oil tho different states of which Fiji is com posed havo institutions hallowed by ago and tradition, fundamentally almost identical with thoso cherished '- by tho most ad vanced nations. . Tho real power of tho Stato resides in tho landholders or gentry, who, at tho death of a ruler proceed to eleot n new one in his stead from amongst tho morabors of tho Royal family. Generally the son, but not nnfrequcntly tho brolhor, or oven a mora distant relation of tho deceased, is elovatod.to tho chieftainship, and loyally supported in his dignity as long as he carries out tho policy of thoso who liavo sot him up. If this "Houso of Commons," ns by a stretch of language it may be called, finds its wishes and aims disregarded, tho members avail themselves of tho privilege of refusing supplies, wbieb, in tho total obsenco of money, consist in yams, tnro, pigs, fowls, nativo cloth, canoes (tho naval estimates 1) nnd all tho other requirements of a great Fijian establishment. Tho intractable chiof who lins nttompted to piny tho despot is thus generally brought to a pro per sense of his condition. Of course chiefs who, by strong family connections, can afford to set tho " Commons" at defiance, will occn- sionallv do so. Then now expedients have to ho resorted to, and tho trial of strength which follows provides ono of tho elements of political activity. Europeans might fancy that q barbarous peoplo would readily adopt tho more simple process of getting rid of nil in. tractable chiof by knocking him on tho head ; and ccrtninly that would bo tho solution adopted if usngo had not provided a law for his protection, according to which ho cannot bo killed by any ono inferior to him iu birth. Wo havo bora tho English law that a peer cannot be tried except by bis own poors, in its rudest embryonic form. It would bo " taboo" for. any commoner or serf to lay violont hands on a chiof; and howovor obnoxious ho might liavo boon to tho community, tho taboo breaker would not go unpunished. Outsiders might suppose that amongst a peoplo destituto of all written law much confusion existed in regard . to tho application of this peculiar codo of. polity and customs. Novor would a greater mistake bo committed. All their useges are as firmly established, and as strietlyiadherod to, both in letter and spirit, as if tlioy had bcon ongravou on tablots of stono. Tho early whito sottlers soon found this out, and often owed tho ' prosorvation of their lives to a thorough knowlodgo of this system. Thus an Englishman, of tbo namo of Picker ing, onco fell into tho hands of a hostilo tribe long on tho look out for liis body. Ho soon bccamo awaro that they wore making preparations for a cannibal least, of which lie was to .be tho principal dish, though thoso pre parations would not havo beon noticed by any one less Toreed in thoir peculiar customs. Ho know that beforo they proceeded to kill him a | bowl of khva would have to bo made, that a prayer would havo to bo said over the beverago when ready, and that the person saying tho prayer could not be tho ono eaten. Pretending uttor unconsciousness of what was going on around liim, ho eagerly watched tho moment when the preparation of tlio knva was ad vanced to tho statgc at which the prayer had to bo said, and suddenly, to tho utter dismay of his enemies, ho pronounced tho well-known formula. No ono would now have dared to take his life, nnd lie had tho keen satisfaction of partaking of tho refreshments provided for his own funeral. Another old settler, Ameri can by birth; had also tho misfortune of being an object of hatred to a tribe opposed to, and at war with, tlio chiof under whom ho lived; and,, as ill luck would havo it, ho mot a strong party of his tnomies making straightway for liis boat. They wero about to open tiro upon him, when, with a coolness deserving all praise, ho exclaimed : — " Don't shoot I I am a herald of pence, charged. with carrying tho token of surronder to your chief, mid put a stop to further hostilities." Tho stratagem succeeded, end tho self-styled herald effected his escape. Tlio Fijians early discovered tho ndvantngo of possessing diplomatic agents. Tho whole group consists of difforcut Btntes, all of which unhesitatingly admit the social supre macy of tho peoplo of Bau, and most of thom, sometimes in a roundabout way, tboir political supremacy nlso, by paying a direct tribute to Bau, tlio capital, or an indirect ono through other tributaries. Each of theso states or principalities has its ambassador to Bau (Mataki Bau), who, however, does not con stantly rcsido in tho capital, but only when thoro is any business to trans act, which may occasionally last sovoral weeks or months. On arriving at Bau, ho takes lip .his abodo at tlio houso of tho Bauan " Minister," if ho may bo so called, charged with tho affairs of tho district from which ho WlSUil/3 113 UIUUU33UUUi| UIJU Jl(l 13 U J 1113 iiUBU 111" troducod to tho King of Fiji. When Bau lias any business to transaot abroad, tho ambassa dor selected is invariably tlio minister of tho affairs of tho district to which ho is sent, and his place at tho capital is temporarily tilled by a relative. Tho offico of theso diplomatic ngontB is hereditnry in certain families, nnd they are appointed by tho ruling chiefs. Title and oflice.arc quito as much valued as they m in Europe by oursolves. Tbo Fijian religion has somo sound funda mental idens, though much incumbered by a fanciful superstructure. Tlio belief in a supremo God, termed Dogei, and to whom is attributed tbo croation and government of the world, an existeneo horenftor, and future ro- ward and punishment, are among tlio loading features. No images of Dogei are mado, nor aro thoro any idols. Tlio temples, presenting a pyramidal- /form, aro frco from any decora tion. Tlio nether world, to which tho bouIs journey after- death, is under tho wator, and known as Naicobocobo. Tho mauly naturo of tlio Fijian is nowhero bottor displayed than in tlio concoption of his future abode. Ho does not. expect to exist thero in indolent oaso re clining on soft couclie3, and sipping nectar handed by lovely houris, but hopes to resume all the out door exercises to which ho has bren habituated during his stay on earth. Food will bo plontiful, it is true, but thoro will bo lots of canoos, plenty of sailing, fishing and sporting, plenty of action. The point of depar ture to this abode of bliss is supposed to be the extreme western or lee sidoof YanuaLovu; and it is not'a littlo singular that the Fijians -agree with the Taliitians, Samoans, Tongueso and Maoris, in fixing this starting placo inva riably on that sido of -this respective countries. Tho ancient Egyptians, it will bo remembered, coincided with thom in supposing their souls to donart westwards. But I must not ac- cumulate coincidences. Those theory-spin ners, who aro always on tho look-out for traces of tho lost tribes and similar losses that give tliem uneasiness, might propound on , hypothesis purporting to account for: tho westward movement common to the souls of tho ancient Egyptians and tlio modern Polynesians, and, taking a hint from tho inci dental observation, that Fijian temples liavo somewhat the Bhapo of pyramids, and that "Lali" in Egyptian means "to rojoicc," and that "Lnii" in Fijian is tho namo of a drum beaten whon people do rojoicc, advance con clusions of a startling description. What Humboldt pointed out as ono of tho characteristics of all roligions is not wanting in that of Fiji. Thero is a tradition of a flood. Dcgci, tlio supremo god, had a monstrous bird, whoso office it was to rouse him in: the morning by cooing. Two youths, ignorant of tbo naturo of tbc bird, caused its death by aiming arrows at it. Too late, they discovered the crimo of which they had become guilty, and, to conceal it,' thoy .buried . the' coipso. Degci, finding liis faithful bird absent from bis post, anxiously despatched messengers ail over tlie land, who ultimately traeod tho fato of tlie missing bird.'_ Tho two youths, dreading tho punishment in storo for thom, fled to the mountains, and induced a tribe of carpenters ,to build a strong fence for their protootion. Thoy littlo know the powers they liud attempted to bilk. Degei, unablo to overcome tho obstacle presented by tho fence, catisod a great flood to rise, which ultimately rcachod the place of retreat, and compelled tho two youths and thoir abettors to savo their lives by em- uumiug iu jurgu uuvvia muu> iiuppeoca co oo at hand. Whon the waters subsided, thoy alighted at Suva and Navua in VitiLevu, and it is from them that tho present numerous race of carpenters and canoe builders claims to bo descended. Thoso who mnke a philosophical digest of such myths as: these, will at onco perceive tlio points of resombliineo it exhibits witli tho Mosaic narrative :— tho anger of tho Supremo God lias bcon roused by certain transgressions, as a: punishment for which a flood rises, and it is only by embarking — not in ordinary vessels— that cortain pooplo save their lives, afterwards to beoomo tlio progeni tors of a poworful race. . As the Fijians believe in tlio creation, so thoy beliovo in tlio ultimato -destruction, of tlio world. This appears incidentally from tlioir tradition of. tho Daiga,— a species of Araor- pliophallus, tho foliago of which consists of a single leaf, supported on a stalk two to four feet long, and spreading out somewhat liko an umbrollu. In tho cosmogony of tlio Samoans, tlio offico of having, by mcaiiB of its singular foliage, pushed up tho heavens when thoy emerged from chaos, is assigned to this plant, and Ilia Fijians recommend it ns a safo placo of refugo whon the ond of tho world approaches, the Daiga being a !' Vnau " to heaven (Vasuki lagi). A Vasu, it should bo added ; in explanation, is, nccording to a widely-spread Polynesian custom, a nepiiow who holds the movcablo property of liis mother's brothers at his absoluto disposal, having tlio power to do whatevor ho pleases with it ; somo 'Vasus even go so far as to sell the lands belonging to their uncles, but that is not generally tho oaso. A Yasu to heaven — a porsonago who can do m heaven whatovor ho chooses — is tho climax of the whole system, cleverly employed in tlio oliarmiug Fijian stcry of tho Princess Yilivili- tabun. No ono can bp long in tho region of " taboo " and " tatoo " without perceiving what rich stores of human fancy and ideas, shortly to bo lost or mutilated for over, nro hero oU'cved. Attention is constantly directed to them, and you have as littlo chance of remaining ignorant of tho great deeds of Dogei, Rokoun and tho Yusua ki lagi, ns you liavo in tho East of tho stories of successful magicians, spell bound . princesses nnd mighty treasures concealed in obscuro caverns. In tho Namosi district of Yiti Lovu I could hardly turn without hearing of the doings of tho Vcli. My curiosity was at last so much excited that I determined, coma what might, to writo their natural history. By inquiry and repeated cross- examination, I fouud tho Voli to bo a class of spirits in figuro approaching tho German gnome, in habits of lifo tlio fairy of England. Thoy are believed to have bcon in the country from timo immemorial, and to live in liolloiv Kowrio-pirios nnd Kabea trees. Thoy aro of diminutivo size, and rather unproportionally largo about tho upper part of thoir body. Their hair is thick, and prolonged behind into a pig's tail. Somo liavo wings, others liavo not. Their complexion rather resombles that of tho lvliito . raco than thnt of tho Fijians. Thoy havo great nnd petty chiefs ; nro polygnmists, and bear names liko tho Fijians. They also, rcsemblo tho latter in wearing native cloth or tapn, which, however, is much finer and whiter than tho ordinary Bort. They are friendly disposed, and possess no other bad quality than that ot stealing iron tools from Ilia natives. They sing sweetly, and occasionally' gratify tlio Fijians by chanting a song. Thoy feed on tho fruit of tlio tankun and tho boin, which they emphatically term their cocoa-nut and their plantain, nnd men who have been imprudent enough to cut down any of theso plants havo received a sound beating ton the enraged Yeli. They drink kava lnndo not of the cultivated Piper moihysticuni, but of n pepper growing wild in tho woods, and vernacularly termed " Yagoyn- gona." Tho Fijians have no long stories about them, as they liavo of their gods. All the accounts of tlio Yeli relate to isolated facts— to their abode, their linving boen seen, heard to sing, caught in a theft, or found to boat tbo destroyers of their peculiar trees ; but thoy aro so numerous that it is no wonder tho Fijians should consider tho evidence sufficient to establish their real existeneo. But I must conclude, for fear that my com munication may prove too lengthy for inser tion, or that I may ho served as Dr. Brower, tho American Yice-Consul here, served a man residing on his eslato at Wakaya, who nightly would persist in attracting ell tlio boys of tho neighbourhood ; by telling . stories, nnd inflaming their youtjiful imagination to such an extent, thnt not 0110 of tliem Would stir abroad for fear of meeting somo of tho mighty personages to whom bo bad been introduced. Dr. Brower, not liking tlio whole troop to sleep on bis premises, bit upon the expedient of requesting tlie story-teller to accompany every ono of tboso I10 had frightened to his respective homo, and ns tlio youthful listonera lived in every direction of (bo compnss, it takes liim a good timo to comply with tho request j still, it does not prevent liim from again nnd again indulging in bis old weakness of telling fairy and ghost stories. — Berteold Seejiasjt, Ph. D. — Athenteum. More Discoveries.— Considerable cxeito ment was manifested 011 tho Ovens on Monday last, at tho report that alluvial digging hnd been struck in the neighbourhood of Bonallr. Messrs. G. S. Bird and party wore the diB« covcrers. They were on tho way from tho Indigo to tho Jamieson whon the "likely looking " naturo of tho country induced thom to " sink." At 120 feet they found wash- dirt that yielded three-quarters of a pennyweight to two tin dishes. Tho new field is represented as three and a half miles from Benalln, and fivo miles from Bedaginnio. The sinking is dry, through somo sixty feet of rod earth, thou whito clay with a slato bottom. Tho gold is coarse and eliotty. We understand that a request has been made that tho place should be included within tho mining district of Beechwortli, nnd it is up wards of 100 miles to Sandhurst, its present head quarters, and only 50 miles from Beech- worth.— Federal Standard, 26th June, - 