il DIOCFSE OF NOTTINGHAM. The new church of Sf Anne, liuxton, was .' solemnly opened on the Fstivnl of Our Lady ol Mount Oarnel. 'Tins new church,' says the * Nort' em Press, ?'built as it were upon th« ruins ' of the old one, stands upon a high eminence '?'' overlooking the beautiful town of Buxton. ft is built of stone, in the Gothic form of architec ture, Consisting at present, ui uie nave, tuny, lighted with lancet windows, tiib.le ones light ' ing the east and west portions of the building. The sacred edifice, to which a tower and spire ! will be added, is very substantial and pretty, affording a commodation for 400 persons... It iras dssUned by Henry Ourrey. Esq , of London, architect to the Duke of Devonshire. Through' .themunificence of Sunuel Grimshawe, E*q., of \- -Errwond Hall, this church has been erected. , the '.' foundation stone of. which was laid by the Lord ; Bishop of Nottingham, on the Festival of St. ; Anne, ,]ast year Miss Gene vieva Grimshawe ' takingiiig h«r part in the ceremony. It should '''''?''also be mentioned that the incumbent1, the Rev. B.' M'Greevy, has also been liberally aided by .Other Catholic families, and, with mrich-ood ' feeli.ig, by a number of Protestant Gentlemen ' :[ of the town and neighbourhood. Before eleven 'o'clock a large number of clergy and visitors Tiad arrived. ..Amongst the formej'were the Lord ?; Bishop of Nottingham, the Lord Bishop, of Northampton, the Right Rev. Mgr. Manniner, . D.D.; the Very Rev. Dr. Northcote, President Of St.; Marv's College, Oscott; the Very Rev. \ Provost Hall. D D. ; the Very Revr Canon Frith, and a very large number of other priests &c.; High Mass was sung by the Very Rev Canon ' ITriHi: the Very Rev. Father Burke, and the 1 Uev Willian Wrennel. acted as deacon, and sub deacon ; the Rev. J. O'Reilly being master, of tho ceremonies. Mrs. Grimshawe presided at , .the harmonium, and, under her direction, the ' choir sang Webbe's Mass in A. with great ' judgment and taste At the end of the Gospel. of the altar, and delivered a most beautiful address, which was listened to by a large audience, composed mostly of Protestant visi , tors, with the greatest attention. Wo regret ?we are only able to give a brief outline of it. The right reverend gentleman took for his text the, 15 ih verse of the 3rd of. Genesis : 'I will put enmities between thee and tho woman, and her seed and thy seed; she shall crush thy head, and thon shall lie in wait for her heel.' He commenced by observing that on tliat day, the festival of Our L'idy of Mount Carmel, it was natural their thoughts should turn to one of the most beautiful traditions of the Church, showing the love and veneration in which it. had ever held the Blessed Mother of ? God. From the heights of Mount Oarmel, it had flown down like a pure stream. From the days when Eiias was taken up in fire to Heaven, to those of his sons who had heard of an Incarnate Redeemer, and were assembled in . ' Jerusalem, on the day of Penticost, waiting the glad tidings of salvation, Carmel had become an ?object of love and devotion. But the opening of a new church,— one more added to the many which were rising day by day in this land. — led their thoughts to other truths — from Our Lady of Carmel to the Rose of Sharon — to the Sovereignty of the Church, to the days when, on Peter with, all those prerogatives necessary for liis office and His Vicar on earth. The exercise of these 'royalties' were opposed by the world; the 'enmities' of the devil arid men were Continually opposing themselves to the sove reignty of the Church of God — to the Sovereign Puniirt's. It was beeausu to them belonged the execution and administration of the religious and moral law that sensual and evil men were at 'enmity' with them. During the last twelve years the conflict had been deadlier and more bloody. And why wus th'i»? The present Sovereign Pontiff, from the tomb of the ApostK s, liad defined the Mother of God to be immaculate, and the annals of the Church would speak of this Pontificate as the '? Pontificate of the Immaculate Conception.' He had thus drawn upon himself that 'enmity,' spoken with such prophetic words in Paradise, by this a.ct.v This 'enmity' had been carried on against the Vicar of the Incarnate God. with morn sensuo-iifv. more craft, more cunning, more stealth in diplomacy, than heretofore. Kings, statesmen, and legislators, ambitious men, and haters of order, dad arisen against the loyalties o( the Sovereign Pontiff, upon whose head fell all their ' enmity.' Crouched beneath her monii taius lay Sardinia, waiti-p for h°r heel — for the temporalities of the Chinch of God. Never was ' there such a union against Catho'ics — such a love and veneration for the Holy See and the ?Episcopate as has been shown during this triighty conflict. Men had begun to, see that religion and social order could only be main tained by the authority of the Sovereign Pontiff; and if Christendom were to be saved, it would only be so by tljfe power which had been given ?' to the Vi«*ar of Jes'is Christ. It was no longer the ' heel '— the' crush' was coming, in God's own time* Nooms could tell — He canwait. But *it l%ci A nuiynn \\\7 I* 4kb- Z4- m *« n «. a...*. .^. .. I ! .. i. .. JX- IJ *\ *w mum ww^uii« ii lieu i^ *v -iri auUi'ul|;llni|ruf uu would come in His power. He would then show forth the glory ot her whom Ho bad made the instrument' of his incarnation — the Mother of God, the Daughter of the Father, and the Spouse of the Holy Ghost. After Mass, a large party returned to Eirwood-ball to enjov its hospitalities, and celebrate, with .festivities, a day which will Imtg be remembered in the beautiful town of Bixt.on.. The following (Wrprion of a good . -wife i* piveH bv a Down Easter: — 'She hadn't no ear for music, Sam, hut she had a capital eye: for dirt, and with pour folks that's much better. No man ever see'd as much dirt in my house as a fly could biush off with hi* *ings. Boston gals may ?... boast of their siiinuetts and their .gyinr*, and their. eyetalifln aim, and their ears/or music, but give me the gal that has an eye lur dnt — that's the gal for iny ujoaey.' 