THE annual lea meeting of this. Mission waa held hit evening, at the Sussex- street chapel. Alarga meeting assembled en the occasion ; and took a lively iatereil lathe proceedings. , . " " n After partaking of an excellent repast, ','n» met&am; proceeded to business. In the absence, through Indi«. Stuition, of G. W. Allen, Ecq., the otair waa taken hw r. Kinnear. A report ahowkijf the sacco ja of tba . mission waa read, after which. Mr. W. F. Bais moved the adoption, ol the report. The report exhibited a sectarian spirit, a vehement zeal (or the "seot of tbs Good Samaritans; a sect so tn tolerant that they would not endure to 13e a brother or sister perish for want of bread, or to ase a fallow ?inner perish for lack of the knowledge of Christ, Much might be done by those who songht, not their own bnt th* things of Christ. Tbere waa a wide field for Chris- tian philanthropy all round that chapel. The creed of the seot of the Good Samaritans waa love» Love sent Howard forth on bis mission to the priions» of Europe. Love stirred up tbe heart cf Florence/' Nightingale to leave her lordly hall to go to the hospital ' a« Scutari. The. aame spirit waa moving a band of Ch'iatie» men in Sydney to go and search cot tb» afflicted and neglected. There were many cheering facta in the report. The CHAIRMAN then called on Mr. MoNOD who rejoioed to te in sncb good rteiety. He bad met Mr. Pidgeon visiting aome of the poor, and he had beard bow he had tried to do good. It was tba duty of those who had receive! a testimony in tbeir hearts, who loved the Saviour, to go about doing good.' He had thought Sydney waa like Elinburgh; but he waa sorry to find it waa a corrupt city-«here was xraoh wisltednesa in it. He waa delighted to hear the report, to Sod that rosny had reoeived Jesns. He hoped God .would bless tbe labou'8 of his dear friend Mr. Pidgeon,; Io this etty there waa mach to do. Alas I some wool* not acoept the gospel. In France and Siritier land, and Germany, they hid colporteurs who carried about bibles and spoke to the people. They ara zealous in tbe cause of Christ. They are persécuter!.. Ten years ago tbey had in France about half a million of Protestants. Tbe Bible Sooiety hid done a great deil' of good there. He trusted the Lord would prosper their . labours. The resolution was carried unanimously. Mr. BotzBx next addressed the meeting. He would* not exchange his present sphere of labour in Sydney, for any other in the world. They hal had a good bard apell of it these last 18 yeara, and on a barren soil; bot he believed they were called by the spirit of God to a >ek the conversion of.ainners. He believed God had; raised np [thiB cause, and kept it up. They had ofter* te encourage themselves in the Lord their God. The devil was not yot driven out of Sydney. Only three weeks ago he went with three of his friends to Durand's, allay to preach. They weie assailed with a ihower cf blue mets) ; but Pi evidence sheltered them, ¿ut Sunday they went along a lane, when the devil let two men to figl l; one of them got his f>cs cut, and it wa» enough to make an angel weep. This' was a little specimen of the rough work they bad. The devil tried bard to atop them for 18 yeara; bnt could not stop them yet. He. was no sectarian, be belonged to all ohqrobes. He belonged to Xibn Knox's ohnrcb, ' for he believid a man was justified by faith alone; hi* was of theBiptisti, for they were baptised by the Holy Ghost ; they belonged to the Catholics, for, tuey believed that Christ tasted death for every "man, and tbat God would have all man to be saved ; so that tbey entertained a Catholic feeling of.love for all. There were two grut qualifications for the work of God-a man most be called to it by th» Holy Spirit, and reoaive continual grace to persevere. A man required a good strong constitution, and be full of faith and tbe Holy Ghost. He then referred to tht course pursued by himself and his brother Pidgeon. He hoped tVy would never be separated, but be buried side by side, and rise up together in tbs resurrection. He boped ibis hsndfnl of corn that is in the top of the mountain would soon shake like Lebanon. Mr. CAKR then read the finsooial report, by whioh it appeared tbat during the year the receipts hid been £10T" 11s. 4d., and tbe expenditure- , Mr. Pidgeon'! salary .. £44 14 4 Bent .. ... .. 40 fi 0. lighting and sundries .. 18 6 0 Bepsirs of tba Chapel ., 33 7 10 Total £193 8 9 . He should state that Mr. Pidgeon reoeived £106 from,' other souroe*. As the debt was BO small (¿24), he hoped they would at once pay it iff One aoulwss worth ' tboussnda of worlds ; and they might help forward a mission for the salvation of sinner*. He proposed a col- lection. Mr. LEARY next addressed the meeting. He objaottd to party namep. Let them keep.olo'ie to tbs Bible. 'The prominent doctrine of the Wesleyan Church waa the lite, blood bf Christianity. Different denominations of Chris- tians were like different regiments in an amy-all seek: . the path to glory- that is the path cf duty. They might call themselves trnly " volunteers," for they voluntarily offered themselves. He did not like high soundiag titles, ihey exoited pride. God's word was sounding: abroad ia the earth, cooee* n'ng the spiritual Babylon, "Come out of her my people.". Let them give their hearts to God, sod so become true volunteers-volun- teers for Heaven. Like rifl men they direoted the power of the word of God to struggling sinners. . Mr. PTDOEON said they had reached the cloie of another year. God bsd greatly blessed them. Tbere were some there tbat night who could bear witness lo- ttie trntb of the report. He could scarcely go into any street without bearing aome term of reproach. What was the cause? Beoause they were publio reprovers of ' sin. This showed the use and necessity of opes slr preaching. Thank God he had stirred up a fe»1 aim pie-minded men to carry on thia work. Bal the work was as yet only begun. The great maisei in the city were going rf own to destruction. Take not tho«» wbobave truly washed their robes and made them wbite in the blood of the s lints, and tbey would form e very small proportion of the population. Io this colony intemperance was the great obstaole to tbe Bpreid ol' the Gospel. The professing Christians in the eity wets enough to put a stop to it. ? All Christians lugbt to be total abstainers. Tbsre ' was blood upon tbe skirts of the Church of. God in this plaoe. Then these churcbes might influence public opinion to the abolition of the traffic They never could iee a great revival in thia land until intoxicating drinks were put away. Sabbath breaking was another great sin. ' He (Mr. Pidgeon) would have bad that Chapel lighted with gas loag ago, but that ba le- the men making gas on -he Snbbttb. 'M->y God raia» up many faithful- and brave hearts in Sydney tc Uki a firm stand on the Lord's Bide. A collection was theo made. It was suggested that as Mr. Pidgeon occupied tbe posilion of a Christisn pastor, he should be registered! aa a minister to perform marriages. Mr. ROSEBY proposed, Mr.- CARR seconded-That tbs opinion of tba congregation be expressed on the subject,, sud a unanimous expression of opinion was gi>en, that Mr. Pidgeon should take the necessary steps fortbat pur* pose. ' After some further oonveraation, singing, «nd prayer,. the meeting separated. INQUEST. -The City Coroner held an inquest at his office, Hyde Park, on the body or a man named James Paterson, aged 40 years, who was picked up on the Race-course in state of delirium, and died whilst being conveyed to the In- firmary. It will be remembered that the deceased fell froma horse some time ago, and had to be conveyed to the Infirmary in consequence of the injuries he received therefrom. It appears from the evidence or Honora Conner, the women with whom he lodged, that he was a shingler by trade, and was in the habit of indulging in drink. He returned to her place last Thursday from Liverpool, where be had a job of work, and has been drinking since then,and particularly on Saturday and Sunday. He retired to rest on Sunday, about 10 o'clock and appeared quite stupid from drink. He did not complain of any illness in the slightest, and got up early next morning, washed and shavad, and ate a hearty meal at breakfast, and afterwards left to look for work. The witness saw no more or deceased until she heard that he had been conveyed to the Infirmary. Dr. Nathan was examined, and said that it was his opinion that the deceased died from sun-stroke. Verdict, "Died from sun stroke by being exposed on the Race-course, on the 5th instant." The foremen of the jury in returning the verdict, called the attention of the Coroner to the number of disreputable persons who are constantly lying on the Race-course. during night and day, and expressed a desire that he would give it publicity. NEW SOUTH WALES VOLUNTEER RIFLES. Yeaterday a brigade order wi» leaned dividing the rifle coin- ; panie« into two battalions. The six Ventral companies jr volun- teer rfflVe, together with thoae of Paddington and Sorry Billa ano Sooth Sydney to form the Sydney battalion ; and the companies of the Glebe, Balmain, Newtown, St. Leonard-«, Waterloo ana that composed of the employés of the Australian Steam Naviga- tion Company to form the auburban battalion. MOOT IMPORTANT AUCTION 8*r.E OP GHOCERIB«.-John O. Cohen haa requeated ua to invite the attention of Slilppcrs, Whole aale and BeUH Grocers, Buyers for the Interior, Country Store keepera. Candle Makers. Tea and Coffee Dealers, Provision Mar chanta, and others, to bis exteneive and highly Important «»". "/' auction, at the Bank AneUon Boome, Thia Day, Wednesday* March 6. at half-past in o'oloek preciaely.on account of whom « may concern, Wotherepoon'e Jame, Manila Coffee, Colonial curri Fish.&c; at ll o'clock precisely, about I5O0 packagee or uu men'e Stores, Groceries, Provisions, &c.; Price's No. 1 Belmont Cendles, tea., ko. For particulara, aee advertlaemenU in U"» day'e leane. IKPOHTAXT AUCTION S«LE OP Boola AV» SHOK».-Wejaijjre qaentedto call the attention of] W. Sean and Co.'s aale Thia Day comprielng 159 trunks Bostock -».-T _ - - . Boots and Shoe», juat landed, ex ¡av.eat arrival« frcm Lort. OB. leather at I o'clock . --* s OP Boola AV» SHOK».-we are T i of Boot and Sh ia Boyare to M«M" Day, commencing at ll o clock, au» tock and Co.'a and Poale '»od .">.? 