MY HOLIDAY. " """" from the Sydney Mail, July 13.; [CONTlHUBn.l THERE are few feelings more jolly than that which your wayfarer experiences after he has disposed of a good hearty solid dinner. It is relief to take off the heavy load from the shoulders, it is luxury to sit down and rest free from the burden, it is beatitude to inhale the fragrance of the friendly pipe, but one is raised to the seventh heaven after the "tightened " as the blacks expressively call it. None but he who has undergone the ordeal can tell the inexpressible relief it is to the "gentleman of the Press" when in a heavy debate some blundering outsider catches the Speaker's c) e, just as one of the great guns of the House, armed with a host of authorities that are piled in fearful heaps before him, is about to rise. None can tell the joy he feels when, after some discussion long drawn out, but which can achieve no possible result the mover rises to reply. None can tell the savage delight he experiences when the honorable House breaks off from some wearying question into a " point of order or of " privilege," or the ecstasy with which he sets down some of the flowers of oratory that drop from hon. members during some scene of personal recrimination. In all these, however, mingle a spirit of wild vindictiveness, springing from the knowledge of all that he has " to be, to do, and to suffer." And here I may, by the way, remark that I have often thought that to him may be applied the pit) ing exclamation of the young school girl, who taking informed, on the authority of' Lindley Murray' of the characteristics by which verbs might be known' ejaculated, "Poor little things, what they must have to put up with." And so it is with your gentleman, of the Press." He has to be a gentleman, and yet to suffer the treatment of a lackey from men not quite his equals in mental calibre. He has to do all sorts of things, and know something about every one of them, from the highest and most complicated ly knotted political point down to the most barbarous and a. euphemistic aboriginal name for should he make the slightest mistake, forthwith comes a letter to the editor, in the most feelingly polite terms, informing him that at the meeting last night the speaker made allusion to "Tubbabutta," and not to "tub of' butter," as reported. He has to be hustled in crowds, and to be poked about by policemen for pushing himself too forward. He has to be perched upon a hustings in full view of elicited independent electors, exposed to their coarse jokes and monocrete witticisms. He has to dine at public dinners, at which, until the cloth is removed and the speeches begin, he is regarded as an interloper and worse than all, he has to sit at public meetings in which he has not the slightest interest, and to listen to political statements in which facts are so glaringly distorted as to make his hair bristle up in horror asks transcribe them. But here I am off on my old grievance again when all I wanted to any was that the relief and ecstacy of the reporter had an alloy of savageness in it, whilst the beatitude of the "tightened" was supreme. It is almost needless to say after this that we had our share of the contents of that interesting pot, and that we polished off with bread and honey to such an extent as to perfectly confound the juveniles, who, I promise you, had never before witnessed such gastronomic feats as were then executed. The rain still continued, and as the day was wearing away, it was unanimously agreed, on the recommendation of the magister done, that we should postpone our attack upon the wallabies until the following morning, when, with on early start, we should have the prospect of a good day's sport before us. Our host's son, Frank, volunteered to be our guide, and promised to show us as mony as we liked if we could only shoot them. And here he broke out into details of the heaps and adventures of others, who, like ourselves, had manfully trusted themselves in this unknown region. A professor of the sword and bayonet had recently been there, in company with another, bringing with, them dogs, guns, and an outfit sufficient to clear the bush of wallaby ; but the Fates were unpropitious. The skies had opened, and the rains had fallen for three days in succession, keeping them close prisoners to the house, so that, with the first break in the tangled mass of clouds, they packed up and returned, leaving this region of storm and rain for one of more hospitable character. A young Frenchman had also visited them, boasting loudly of his skill at shooting, and only fearing that no wallabies would be met with Frank had told him, as he told us, that he would take him to them, if he would or could shoot them. So certain of this was our young Frenchman that he promised Frank half-a-crown for every wallaby he showed him. " To shoot them," said he, " that is my affair." The next day, Frank took him to the bush. Wallaby after wallaby was put up, was fired at, and was missed; until at last the climax was put to Frank's discontent, by the young Gaul firing at almost a bout ported, as missing a grey old man, who had perched himself on a stump, possibly for the purpose of ascertaining what all this during without result was intended for, and who had waited with a knowing kind of don't-you-wish-you inay-get-me look about him, until they were close up to him. I could have shot him with a pistol," said Frank, " as easy as falling off a log, and when he missed that one, I cut it." Frank's feelings were the more especially lacerated, as it had been stipulated that he was not to take his gun with him, so that the sport of the Frenchman might not be interfered with. "And how many did you show him?" I asked. "About a dozen," said Frank. " Thirty shillings. Not a bad day's work, I observed. Yes, if I'd have got it." " Of course, he paid you?" said I. "Hedid-hook¡" and Frank went through some juvenile pantomine expressive of astonishment at my softness, and finally subsided into a corner where he commenced a romp with a pet cat. The rain however cleared off in the afternoon, and, as ducks were said to resort after dark in large numbers to the waterholes, that skirted the line of the paddocks, we resolved to have a go in for them and the better to effect our purpose we proposed to erect small huts of boughs sufficiently large to cover us when kneeling and to screen us from the quick vision of the nightly visitors. A good sized honeysuckle was quickly thrown down, and its boughs lopped off, and these we drew down to the side of the pond, nearest the house, each man making his own hut, in the spot of his selection. The pool was about twenty yards across, and about thirty rods in length, with a thick growth of feed, sedge, and chickweed, over the greater part of it but along the centre was a stretch of clear water, sometimes widening, _ sometimes narrowing, and it was into this that the ducks delighted to plunge ; of course our object in placing our screens was to get them in such a position BE to make the greatest possible length of the clear water. Our host selected his ground with considerable skill, his knowledge of the locale causing him to do this without difficulty. He built his hut nearly at the centre of the western line of the pond, the clear water making a bend in to the shore just at that spot, by which he obtained a good taking fire both to the right and to the left. Tom was placed considerably to the right of our host, not in a very good position as regarded the water firing, but in an admirable place for shooting on the wing since the birds, when disturbed would be sure, according to our host's account, to take in that direction. For myself, following our host's example, I took up a good raking position, but on the eastern side of the pool, and rather prided myself upon the judgmatical way in which I had made my arrangements ; but, from the wicked twinkle that I noticed in the eyes of our host, I anticipated that I had made some blunder somewhere. However our work was finished before dark, and we then went up to the house, had an early tea, and just as darkness was struggling for the mastery over the last gleams of light, we escaped ourselves in our leafy screens, in preparation for the chant à la haute. AS I stood outside my mi a-mia, I was pleased to find that the light was reflected in first-rate style off the clear water, and of course I had no longer any dread of not being able to see the ducks when they came ; but when I entered my honeysuckle bower, knelt down, and took a look out through the opening I had left for firing, I was disgusted at discovering that the shade of the bank encroached, in consequence of my being down so near its level, over fully one half the book. I got out, stood upright, and looked-all was clear and bright ; I went in again and knelt, and, to, one half the clearness and brightness was gone. 1 now understood the sly look of our host at hearing my glorification of my camp. I had the light or what little there was left of it right in front of me, and consequently he shadow from the opposite bank told against me. No matter, perhaps, the ducks might come into the visible half a vain hope ! As the light faded away in the west, sinking lower and lower, the line of shadow stretched over the pond further and further, until all was one dark inky black, into which, in so far as I was concerned, five hundred ducks might come and disport themselves in security, as I could never see one of them. But, bush! there is a "quack! quack!" from large pool on my left, answered by another from a. pool on my tight, and responded to by a similar musical Bound overhead, whilst the rapid whirr of wings proclaims' the approach of our game. Presently there is a splash, splash, splash, in Jua water before me, and I know that three ducks have descended, under my very nose and that I miser- able man that I am cannot see them. I can hear the water ripple as they move about - I can hear their beaks dibbling amongst the sedges, and their low confidential communications and snatching small talk ; but, for me, they might just as well be in the black lagoon of our companion Nauticus as here. I am half tempted to rush out and chance a shot, when bang ! goes our host's gun. There is a " quack, quack," a splash, and a sound of wings, and then bang ! goes Tom's gun as the birds fly past him. I lie disconsolately in my hair, and hear with grim delight that they have hit nothing. I wait and wait, and hear r several splashes in the water, but no Shots from my friends opposite, they being by this time in about as bad a predicament as my self through the darkness of the night " making the blue one black." Our host In the first to move, and, taking a tour round his side of the pond, starts up one or two ducks that he can't see, and which, of course, he can't shoot. When I see this, I don't trouble myself to beat up my side, but simply walk away homewards, and I am joined by Tom, We were about to enter the garden gate, when we suddenly heard a bow-wow wow! a short distance to our left. "The dog has tried a 'possum," said Tom. I thought it very likely, but suggested the improbability of our being able to see it, on such might, "Never mind," rejoined Tom, "let's go and have a look at all events." As 'possums were game, I didn't mind, and so we hurried over to where one of the dogs of our host stood barking, excitedly under a small tree, making occasional desperate attempts to climb up. I looked up, but could see nothing. Tom, however, examined the tree carefully, and then suddenly exclaimed, By Jupiter, I see his eyes!" I looked to where he pointed, and certainly there could be no mistake about the eyes, for there they were, like two ltd coals of fire. In an instant, Tom's gun was at his shoulder, a flame and a report, and then followed a wild demoniac shriek, such as certain never came from the throat of an opossum, that beast being in the habit of taking the leaden pills prepared for it by man in the most easy and noiseless manner. We were not left long in doubt. Catching wildly at the branches amongst which it crashed in its descent, it came to the ground with a heavy thud, and the dog at once sprung at it. He sprang at it quickly, but more quickly did he jump back again, uttering loud yell of pain. We ran up, and seeing the wounded animal struggling on the ground, I dropped the butt of my piece upon it, and so rubbed it out. Tom then caught it by the tail, and held it up to examine it, when, by the little light given out by the stars we were just able to perceive that we had shot-our host's cat ! With feelings very nearly akin as I should imagine to those experienced by murderers, we held a hurried consultation, in which we mutually recognised the necessity for secrecy, and in pursuance of which we performed the funeral obsequies of poor PuBsy at once and on the spot. The interment was rather a hasty one, owing to the darkness of the night, and to our anxiety to put out of sight the evidence of our bloody deed. We rooted a hole in a sand-hill with the butts of our fowling-pieces, deposited the body therein, and hastily covered it over with the Band, which we trod down with our feet. This done, we returned towards the house, with somewhat relieved, but far from easy minds. Of course on entering we were questioned as to what we had fired at, and our'poBBum shooting on such a night became the theme upon which no small quantity of jokes was based. How looked I cannot say, but poor Tom had the pale, frightened air of one with fifty mortal murders on his soul; and his ghostly attempts to smile at Nat's haid grim jokes were perfectly painful to witness. As time went on we gradually regained our equanimity, and in the course of half-an-hour Tom was himself again. For the delectation of the company he introduced his favourite Beena of "The old woman from Botany, the ancient dame being represented by one of the performer's hands being held in a particular manner, with a handkerchief arranged round it in the form of a mob cap and the conversation being carried on ventriloquist cally, Tom was in the midst of the most interesting portion of his colloquy with the old lady, by which he was eliciting thunders of applause from the juvenile portion of his audience, when suddenly there came a mysterious thwack against the door, followed by the low growl of a dog, and then by a short and a shake, Spanker, who had been a most interested spectator of Tom's manoeuvres, immediately started to the door, gave a long whistling sniff at the crack beneath it, and then with a growl made frantic efforts to get out. Tom turned deadly pale, as he dismissed the ancient lady most ignominiously and I expected nothing less than that the door would burst open, and that pussy's ghost would enter and de- nounce us as her murderers. " What the deuce is the matter ?" said our host, as he sprung to the door, where the shaking and bumping seemed to be going on vigorously. His question was answered as soon as the door was opened, and the light had streamed upon the scene that was enacting. There was the deceiver of a dog that had led us into our difficulty-like that other dog whose fame the nursery poet has rendered im- perishable,-" worrying the cat that cat which had been the pride of the household and the especial favourite of its mistress. In our haste, we had thought only of the cat, and, had forgotten all about the dog, of whom we had altogether lost sight after his yelping retreat. He, however, had not lost sight of us, and being determined to have some kind of satisfaction for the playing he had received about the nose, had scratched up pussy's carcase, to which our slovenly burial offered no very great impediment, and had brought it up to the house, so that he might have the agreeable amusement of shaking it every now and again when- ever the pain of his nose reminded him of the insult he had undergone. The children at once rushed forward and claimed the carcase, now caressing the once lively favourite, and now addressing Tom with " Oh, Mr. Tom. how could you!" The host muttered and growled, and they were certainly not prayers that he was saying ; Nat was going through a series of battle-ship laughs, after the 0. Smith style ; our hostess said nothing, but she looked daggers-not at me, for I had wisely i slunk into the back ground-but at Tom, who, now that the worst had come had evidently determined to brazen it out. " Well," said Frank, " you are a nice sportsman " " Yes," responded Tom, looking down demurely at the cat; "it was a pity, wasn't it?" Here, of course, we had a world of lamentations over the poor animal, all its amiability, all its virtues and good qualities were set forth, each vieing with the other in their anecdotes. This, of course turned attention for the moment from us, and in thus acting Tom, as usual, showed his good generalship. Before the matter came round again to our criminality, Tom, by pamphlet anecdotes of cats he had known that always did something beyond what this cat could do, gradually worked the a conversation into another channel ; the feeling of irritation was expelled, and, at last, in spite of the protests of the juveniles, pussy'B carcase was ignominiously expelled from the house, Tom himself taking it by the tail, and slinging it, as he said, " to the other side of next week." We had had a long and a wearying day ; our early rising had made it the one, and our journey ings and our disappointments had made it the other. We were not therefore inclined to sit late into the night, but, taking the first favourable opportunity that offered, we pleaded fatigue, and were shown to comfortable beds under shelter of a good reef. Summing up the events of the day, we could hardly come to the conclusion that it was calculated to add to our sporting honours. We had missed the ducks and had shot a cat-the latter by no means a favourable omen, according to the old Roman saying, " Never mind," said Tom, as he pulled off his obstinate watertights, that just as pertinaciously refused to come off as they had come- maciously objected to go on "never mind; we have had a good feed, and here we are in good quarters. I told you what I could do. Only you trust to me and you'll see." After that, what could I do but go to sleep, full of faith in the inexhaustibility of Tom's resources, and I should have done so but for a leaven of doubt that was put into my mind by the sentry tions opinion of Nat, who, whilst? putting on his nightcaps red comforter tied turban fashion -round his head-declared " That the man who could mistake a household cat for an opossum, was just as likely to conceive a barn door fowl to be a wonga songs." This was said with so grave and Minerva-like an air as to deeply impress me, and before I could come to any settled, conclusion between the two conflicting opinions, I was sound asleep. It needed not the lullaby sung by the waves, as with low moans they broke upon the beach, to send me off to sleep. No, I was dead beat, and curlews might scream, ducks might call, and opossums might whistle, and still I should sleep on and not even Tom's objurgations on his boots, or his Jeremiads over the morrow's anticipated difficulties in regard to them, could waken me. The Maitland Ensign of Saturday states that Mr. James Byrnes, of Parramatta, intends offering himself for election for the Hunter electorate, vacated by Mr. Mule. ' 