THE HANDWRITING ON THE WALL. [Times.] Scarcely ever did trade seem to be at a higher pitch of prosperity than at this moment. Sea the new towns of luxurious houses which are arising all around us, making us wonder as they arise where the crowds of rich people who are ever ready to take and furnish them can possibly come from. Look at the enormous undertakings which are proposed, undertaken, and finished without a moment's pause as to the means of raising the funds, and upon no other inquiry than whether there is a fair hope that they will pay a profit. Note, above all, the superior comfort of all classes. It is a remark made by nearly every one who has been long absent from England that the most striking change he notices on his return is the superior class of people whom he finds walking the streets and riding in omnibuses. It is, of course, not that the class is altered, but that it is more comfortable and better dressed, The Pactolus is so wide, and the streams is so full, that it irrigates even the distant commons. When the late hard frost came there was, no doubt, a transient and biting distress, but the full purse was so quick to open that money was less wanted than charity. There was more money to give than hands to distribute. The only difficulty was to find out where real distress powers and suffers, and good natured idlers scattered their silver so lavishly around that they labour-market of London was left unsupplied, while the labourers, transformed into noisy beggars, picked up treble their usual daily wages in the streets. Despite the drawbacks, despite the insufficient harvest', despite an immense taxation, we have been as a nation very prosperous. India and China have been employing all our hands ; every corner of the earth has been bringing us good trade : Manchester has had more orders than she could expense, and is building now mills in all directions, to take in more machinery, and turn out more work, Leeds, as she publicly tells us by the mouths of her representatives, has been exceedingly well employed, and has had no poor of her own to feed. They have all been making money and hoarding or enjoying it, as their tastes directed them. Bankruptcy all this time has been like a ghost story at mid-day. in the real working hives, where cotton bales became fabrics, where iron became steel and sharp tools, where earth gave up her cool, and where wool was spread out as cloth of various eyes, there was no bankruptcy. The workmen had abundant wages, and had no excuse for not paying their tradesmen, who, in their turn, had no excuse for going into the Gazette. Here and there, personal qualities would, of course, lead to some private ruin a local aggregate view would produce an exception to the general prosperity. Drunkards and sluggards will always stagger forwards to the aid of an empty Gazette. Let us pity as we pass poor Coventry, but not forgot the moral of its fall. Constant strikes have driven capital and enterprise from the town, and the tyrannical labourer is now wondering what has become of the employer he used to coerce. The rare exceptions, however) only point the contrast to the general prosperity. We will not here take account of those great swindling and gambling transactions which have no more identity with the real commerce or industry of the country than a mist has identity with the mountain on which it rests. Such bankruptcies as those of Stroafoild and Laurence, with their fictitious millions written upon pieces of worthless paper, are as unreal for purposes of practical commerce as a bankruptcy in a farce at the Adelphi. The knaves and dupes are on the stage, and the great body of the people look on, curious but indifferent. Generally speaking, all trades have been too rich to be bankrupt, and have been getting money too fast to care much about the few bankruptcies that came to check the course of -their success. During the whole winter no one has reproached Sir Richard Bethell. No one has cast at Lord Palmerston his unredeemed promise of sitting through the winter to pass that Bill. No one has been producing glaring instances of estates melted and expenses accumulated. All the winter, menus lecturers have been working away and saying nothing, and Commerce has been, in the main, as contented as if she had been reasonable last Session and had got her desired code. But there is now heard that ominous singing among the cordage of the good ship which makes every sailor rise to his feet. She is going at her full rate through the water, and the skies are blue and the wind favorable as before But there is something coming. Every public man now seems to think it necessary to season his congratulation with a warning. At the meeting of The Leeds Chamber of Commerce, to which we have alluded, after Mr. Baynton Lupton, the President, had congratulated his town that every branch of trade was prosperous, Mr. Beecroft, who, as he represents the borough, must be supposed to know something of such matters, tempered the exultation of the meeting. "He thought that every practical man would put his 1 bark in trim shorten sail, and thus be prepared for any storm," Mr. Baines, the other member, dropped another cold drop upon the creaming; spirits, of his constituents, " He advised them torametribov that a bright day was- sometimes followed by a gathering of clouds, and that they would act w wisely in not reaching out their area further than they could, draw it back." This sort of language, received with sober cheers in such a canN as this, is ominous. It is the handwriting upon the wall; and, fortunately, it requires no prophet to read it. It means, if we mistake not, short time, short wages, short profits, and long lists of bankrupts. The Leeds Chamber of Commerce worn certainly of this opinion, for they connected those topics directly with that Bankruptcy Code for which the country has been so long waiting, and they began at this meeting now, within a few days of the Session-to talk of " strengthening the hands of Government to produce a good and efficient measure." It is rather late to begin to talk in this way; If after all the long speeches of the Social Science folk, and all the debates in Parliament, and all the meetings of Chambers of Commerce, and deputations to Ministers and solemn recommendations from. London and Manchester, the traders of this kingdom do not know what they want, and have not made that knowledge known to Her Majesty's Ministers, then we should say it is useless for the Govern- ment to mind any longer what these practicable interests may', in their broken sections, say upon the subject. Manchester, in despair, has offered, according to Mr. Beecroft, to take a little Bill as an instalment. If Mr. Beecroft should be correctly informed, Manchester would stand 1 alone in this matter, for the country' expects a very large Bill was small, no doubt, as the subject will allow, but a very complete, measure Manchester may, perhaps, be looking with alarm to the future, and may be providing for those little bankruptcies which a restricted cotton supply and diminishing earnings, if these should be unhappily in the future, must occasion among the class of tradesmen who depend upon the factory operatives. However this may be there is certainly now about us that hush of expectation which seems to signify that a squall will come from some quarter. Perhaps we shall escape it and be out for the fear perhaps it will come and we shall ride it out. But, if it does come, it will not pass over without leaving some craft upon the rocks. With such notice it would be unpardonable if the Government had not 'got all their tackle ready for saving the wreck from the wreckers. No doubt, Sir E. Bethell, industrious and energetic as he is, is already much more forward with his work than according to Mr. Beecroft, the people of Leeds and Manchester are, and we hope no is determined to make his Bankruptcy Code not only an early proposition, but the first achievement » of the Session, 