MURRAY DISTRICT ELECTION.— DE- CLARATION OF THE POLL. The result of the poll for the Murray District was declared by Curtis A. Reid, Esq., the Re turning Officer, on Saturday, 24th inst, at tho Seven Oaks Hotel, Tarrawingee. The declara tion was made at twelve o'clock noon. The at tendance on the occasion was very small, there being only eight persons present exclusire of the Returning officer and the three candidates, Messrs David Reid, John Orr, and Martin Moylnn. The Returning Officer said he was present for the purpose of declaring the result of the poll for the Murray District. In doing so he would give a list of those votes which had been disallowed by him on account of not being cancelled in accordance with the act. They were as follows : — six votes from Ruther glcn, two from Snowy Creek, and the whole of the votes from Long wood had been disiillowcd by him as they were erased with pencil instead of with pen and ink, as provided -y the Act. He also gave a list of other votes which he had cancelled on account of double voting, and this placed the candidates in the following order — David Reid ? 313 votes John On- ? 383 „ Martin Moylan ? 282 ,, He therefore declared Mr David Reid to be the duly elected member to represent the Murray district in the Legislative Assembly. Mr David Reid then rose, and said that thi3 was the second time he had been placed in the proud position of being their representative, and he felt mr-9t deeply the double honors thus con ferred on him. It was not his intention to make a long speech, but it was very satisfactory to him that in all parts of the district where, in the last election, he had had a. majority, the same was the case this time, and this was a good proof that the electors had not lost their confidence in him. He ? should, however, be wanting in proper spirit if hu did not return thanks to those who had so kindly and zealously exerted themselves on his behalf. He had come late into the field, and but for this h; would have been returned by a groat majority instead of the small majority which had just been declared. He would endeavor to do his duty to all parts of the district, and he trusted if he came forward three years hence again to ask their favors, the electors would find he had not been so neglectful of their interests a3 had been tried to be made out. Mr Orr said he stood in a different position from the one he thought to occupy when he started to hear the declaration of the poll. If, however, the election could be upset by the simple fact of a pencil being used instead of a pen, it was about time voting by ballot wa3 at an end. That was a matter, however, that was afterwards to be decided. Mr Reid had referred to the late period he had entered on the contest, but it was well known that Mr Reid was in the field as early as he was. He thanked the electors for the large amount of support he had received throughout the district, and he stated that he still considered himself to be legally the member for the Murray. He complained of the manner in which the pul ling booths had been distributed in the district, particularly alluding to Gaffncy's Creek, where over 400 miners would have to travel over 20 miles of difficult country to record their votes. He considered this disgraceful, and attributed to the improper distribution of the polling booths, the reason h^had not a very large majority. He concluded by saying the election was not over, and he would take every step in his power to upset the decision of the Returning Officer. Mr Moylan said, though last on the poll, ho did not hesitate to say that if the polling places ha'l been properly placed, he would have been at leasl 200 ahead. At Gaffney's Creek there were 640 miners, of which number only 40 or 50 had voted. However, as Mr Reid was now declared to beduly elected, he would say that he (Mr R -id) had acted throughout the contest as a gentleman, and as a man worthy of being the representative of the ?district. He did not wish to indulge in persona lities, but be was sorry to say ho could not ex press similar sentiment-i concerning tlie supporters ?of Mr Orr. Of Mr Orr, personally, he had no com plaint to make, but was sorry he had associated hinwlf withsucha' lot.' He thanked theelectors for the support he had received, and stated that he intended also to protest against the election, and expressed his belief that he should ultimately 'be at the head of the poll ! Mr Orr proposed a vote of thanks to the Re turning Officer, and Mr Moylan seconded, which terminated the proceedings. — Oaens Constitution, 26 th Augus^ ? ? The Otaoo Fever.- -This social epidemic ap pears to have set in strongly among us. Yester day morning a latge number left, and the night ?coach left with a good deal of 'Good bye, ?Jack,' 'Wish you luck,' &c.; The Inglewood ?coajh brought in a large lot of humanity, evi ?dently bound New Zealandward. We fear that it will be found by too many that they have 'gone (a great deal) further and fared (a great deal) worse;' and we caution all to think well before they strap their blankets for this El Djra ? do, and keep one fact before them, viz., that a stampede of this sort benefits two classes certainly — the ship owners and ship agents. — Sandhurst Bee, 27th August. A Sandhuust Ghost Stort. — The following Btory has been sent to us for insertion : — Not- withstanding that a temperance Chief Secretary might reasonably be expected to exercise a de pressing influence upon the spirits oi the colony, the spirits of the good town of Sandhurst are ru mored to be in a somewhat lively state at present. The idea that this country is not sufficiently an cient as a civilized community to have any right, title, or interest, to having Ghosts of its own, lias been shown to be an erroneous assumption toy the events of last week's date, sinoe a bonafidi ?disembodied spirit has actually been revisiting the glimpses of the moon in B ? d street, and making night hideous to more than one unfortunate. We almost scented sulphur as the story was told to us. We are positive that the candle did show indications of some cerulean impression, as with bristling hair we heard how that Mr J— e S — 1 — d, having some claim upon a house in the street in question, which was tenantless, thought he might as well remove his stretcher there pro tern., and use it a3 a sleeping place. Alas, the thought ! for no sleep was his. 13arely had ho got his head comfortable upen his lonely pillow when he heard anoiso as of some one mov ing in the passage. Under the impression that some individual had gJt entrance, notwithstand ing locked doers, he turned out for the purpose of executing a similar act upon the fancied intruder, but a hurried grope satisfied him that no human being at least was on the premises (present company exceptod), so re-turning in he composed himself only to be again discomposed by a second edition (in larger print) of the distur bance. Another search and another turn in were alike futile, for nothing coald be discovered, and the noiBe was repeated. However, as search was useless, the night had to be passed in doubt and dread, and the welcome morning's sun found an unrested man in J — e S— 1 — d. But some ' thing must be done to satisfy his mind. Who was the last tenant ? was his early inquiry of a neighbor. A couple, who left after a few days' occupancy, was the reply. Directed to the abode of the parties, he ascertained from the lady that she had a reason for leaving thut house so hurriedly as they did, and when implored to impart the cause, she said that they had been disturbed at night by frequent noises, and that one night, her husband being de tained lute, she sat up waiting for him. At length lying down on the sofa, but wide awake, she dis tinctly saw the figure of a man enter the room. It approached her, and bending over her, it said, in a distinct voice, ' / was murdered and my bones are buried beneath this floor .'' Petrified by fear, she awaited her husband'B return, and this appear ance having topped the climax of their dislike to the domicile, they gave up the lease as before stated. Mr S. Io3t no time in getting the owner ship of the propeity transferred to other shoul ders, and so the case rests at present. — Bendigo Advertiser, 27th August. Stop tub Paper. — A country editor says he received the following 'stop the paper' : — 'Dear Sir, — I have looked carefully over your paper for six months.for the death of some individual I was acquainted with, but as yet not a single soul I care ;. ???;' anything about has dropped off, you will please to have my. name erased. .-? ? Tiudb against Land. — When the late Mr Whitbread's father, the brewer, first opposed the Duke.of Bedford's interest at. Bedford, the Duke i informed him that he would spend £50,000 rather -? -? -than ho should come in, Wlutbread, with tcua ? : ? English spirit, replied, that was no tiling j the sale. ' ; ;';:'of his grainB would pay for that. 1 1 : ? i....=3~»afcrrv :? .' ? ??? '.-. i ' v ?': '.' ? 