METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. (From the Liverpool Albion.) "How doth the little busy bee improve each shining hour!" was sung of old, ere infants were wiser than their grandfathers, as happens to be the case in these blessed days of penny editorial omniscience. But it is highly probable that the aforesaid bee must have had a shining hour before he, or rather she, to speak with apiarian accuracy, could have improved it. The hours now have the shine so completely taken out of them that the extraction of sunbeams from cucumbers would be a judicious enterprise compared with such improvement; and a bee would be as stupid as a bat to be otherwise than a drone under the sunless circumstances. But there is, nevertheless, one busy bee who improves every hour, whether it be a shining or a dark one. Indeed the darker it is the busier he works, or at least hums; and he hummed last night as if he were a whole hive in his own person, and, for a wonder, hummed without a sting, though with a little waspishness about the blacks. Needless it is to announce that the B. is Vaux. The Lord Harry lively as a cricket on the hearth, lively as six crickets on half-a-dozen hearths, is back again; and that he is himself once more, or nearly so, it is sufficient to say that last night he made eleven speeches in fifteen minutes and a half, or about one speech per seventy seconds. What on? The usual Broughamic subject—every- thing. In the intervals of the speeches he ran round the house shaking hands, one might say legs also, with everybody, and with several persons out of the house too; that is, out in a parliamentary sense. One of these was Dis- raeli, who stood at the bar, by the throne, [having had numerous most portentous confabs with Rupert in a corner!] and Brougham gave Ben so dislocating a tug of cordiality that the Caucasian could hardly articulate a disjointed reciprocation of the compliments poured upon him by the gushingly impetuous antediluvian, who turned the next minute to Sam of Oxford, and repeated the process in a style that caused the slippery Bishop to wriggle like a Puseyite stumbling on the threshold of the Flaminian Gate. At last he subsided beside Ellenborough, who drove the tame elephant wild with laughter about some comical capers or other the old capricorn had been cutting on the continent, as is his custom on coming from Cannes. For a wonder he said nothing on Stratford de Red- cliffe's Lebanon lucubrations, though they were pointed at France. Nor, more wonderful still, did he say anything about the budget crisis, which isn't half over yet; for the Derbyites mean to divide in committee, and are more than ever sanguine of success ; while their success is absolutely positive in the Peers, if they chose to secure it, inasmuch as Redesdale declared, at "White's, the other day, that it is perfectly com- petent for the Lords to dissect the budget, and deal with it in separate bills, notwithstanding the Gladstonian legerdemain of throwing the three features of the measure under one head. If this be so, look out for squalls; and whether it be so or not, you may look out for cabinet squeakings, and perhaps a rattle in the throat, immediately after W hitsuiitide. To that time the tories are now moving heaven and earth to throw over business. Then we shall see what we shall see; but meanwhile we hear some queer things, and hark to one of them. A curious tragi-comic circumstance has been the subject of conversation in private parlia- mentary circles all this week, and had nearly been so in public circles too; for Roebuck, who is a very ferret in poking out personal disagree- ables, was about to bring it before the house on Thursday, but was dissuaded by the Speaker, to whom Tear'em had intimated his intention. The facts are these. On the bell ringing for the great party division of last week, there pre- sented himself at the lobby door a member who has seldom been seen in the house for a long time back, but whose mien and manner are such that, once seen, he is not likely to be for- gotten. His appearance on this occasion was more singular than ever. He came in at mid- night enveloped in an enormous topcoat. His large wild eyes protruded from under his yellow hair, looking up and askance from his head, bent upon his breast; his gait was spasmodic and angular ; and his aspect and deportment gene- rally that of one decidedly something more than eccentric. This was Mr. Andrew Stewart, member for the borough of Cambridge. How he became member for Cambridge (1857) is in itself a puzzle, he having no property in or any sort of connexion whatever with the place, and being wholly unknown to everybody, beyond the mere fact that he was a first-class in classics at the University, a dozen years previously. People say he owed his return exclusively to the whole- sale employment of certain auriferous arguments which Picts, of all persons, are the last to use even by retail, till every other means fail. This Caledonian philo-Derbyite's declarations in the fancy franchise line counted for little in the capital of the Fens, the flats whereof produce uncommonly keen sharps in electoral crochets; the patriotic burgesses, and especially the Spartan band of four-and-twenty freemen, first ascertaining what a candidate means to give, and then he may say what he pleases, or let it alone if it pleases him better—it's all one to the "free and independent." On the not infrequent occa- sions when Stewart addressed the house, during the first couple of years after his return, his performance was very much in the Andrew Agnew style, and perhaps in the Parson Irving unknown- tongue vernacular, for it was difficult to understand a word he said. For some time back, he has altogether absented himself from Parliament, and the reason why was not un- known to those who are in the way of hearing odds and ends about all such oddities. Accord- ingly, his presence at the portal of St. Stephen's on Thursday night week nearly frightened the head off, or the wits out of the head of, the Cerberus who keeps watch over those privi- leged precincts, and who warns off the profane from the vestibule of the senatorial talking temple. The coagulated custodian felt as if plunged in a Wenham Lake refrigerator at the apparition of the fiery-headed flaming-eyed Gael, and he coiled up in horror and a horse- hair chair to let him pass. Why not stop him? Easier said than done, The Lord High Chan- cellor of England could not stop a member from entering the House of Commons; nor all the lunacy conmissioners to boot, including Sam Warren, unless indeed the latter were to throw up a barrier to progress by reading the Lily and the Bee, which might act as a shower- bath of poppy-juice, and so effect a stand-still. But if an M.P. chose to walk into the House with a harpoon in one hand, a six-shot pacificator in the other, and a bowie knife be- tween his teeth, and in the full dress of a Cherokee Indian, to wit, a cocked hat and a pair of straps, no man of woman born, nor a woman either, not even a mother-in-law, dare, lay a finger on him. Not if he be mad? No, not if as mad as a March hare, or two March hares, an April fool, a Michaelmas goose, and a honey-moonomaniac rolled into one. Is Stewart mad? " Mad as the sea and wind, when both contend which is the mightier," as Gertrude says of Hamlet, but not so mad as not to know a hawk from a handsaw, as Hamlet says of himself. Stewart is aware of his in- firmity, and wisely guards against his lack of sense—a not unprecedented trait in psychologi- cal phenomena. One of the most ingenious and subtly reasoned speeches ever made was that by Earl Ferrers, before the House of Peers, to prove that he was not a rational, and therefore not a responsible individual, and consequently ought not to be hanged for the murder of his steward. But he overdid it; proved too much; and was only able to procure the indulgence of having his aristocratic neck stretched at Tyburn with a patrician silk halter, instead of with a plebeian hemp rope. A more singular illustra- tion still of prudential dementedness is the well known one of Charles (Elia) Lamb's sister periodically going, at the approach of her paroxysms, to the mad doctor, and assisting in the mechanical pre- cautions against her own violence. Now this is exactly Stewart's case. A few years ago he really was insane, but recovered. Lately the old symptoms began to admonish him again ; and he had the good sense, before his senses left him, to go and put himself in the hands of Forbes Winslow, whose experience in "Obscure Diseases of the Brain" had probably never furnished a sample of such discretion. Winslow told Stewart he could not take him as a private patient without the regular lunatic's certificate that he was not able to take care of himself. That document Stewart accordingly procured, and then was admitted;—thus giving a new version of the old story of the girl who applied for a refuge in a Magdalene Asylum, but, being indignantly rejected in consequence of not having been ruined, went out, and shortly after wards came back a properly qualified Traviata, and was thereupon met with open arms by the matron, president, secretary, treasurer, auditor, head porter, and under errand boy of the anti-vestalesque preservative association. A patient at Wins- low's Stewart long remained, and so he remains now; for immediately after the division he drove back to the Doctor's private establish- ment, whence he had come unknown to any one; and the whips themselves were as much astonished at finding him in the throng as every one else, in seeing him there. But this is a point on which the public in- terest in so painful a private case turns; and on which Roebuck would have made it turn, namely—was Stewart's presence at such a moment and in such a place spontaneous on his own part, or the result of contrivance on that of the Conservatives, for whom he voted? Spontaneous! there is no doubt about it; and it is because the Speaker is satisfied there is no doubt that he would not permit Tear'em to charge forward. It is said that Stewart came with a keeper. Nothing of the sort. He came alone, and alone he returned. Colonel Taylor, the opposition whip, is one of the last men who would be a party to any such proceeding, or connive at it if he knew it were afoot, as he must have known had there been any pre- arrangement of the kind. Stewart's vote is a good vote enough, and counts equal to that of Solomon, had the son of David himself said nay to taking off the feather-weight upon foolscap, and the Queen of Sheba wouldn't have made him fool enough to do otherwise, however coquettishly her majesty might have set her cap at him. How long is the matter to remain as it is? For ever; at least till a dissolution, and that's the end of all things. Until then Stewart is sitting member, however difficult it may be to stand him. As with Lord Adolphus Vane Tempest, and the representation of North Durham [some of our best possible instructors to-day believing that he is the person whom all the talk is about"], if Stewart is mad he can't resign; if he isn't mad he won't resign, for the resignation would prove him I mad. There can't be a commission upon him, for it is certified already that he is non compos, and further evidence is unnecessary; and, moreover, who is to call for it? His relations, both his own and his wife's [the Banffshire Stewarts and Gordons,] to whom he has re- turned for the present, and a Whig commis- sioner, who has obtained a certificate of "dan- gerous lunacy" since the division, is after him, are satisfied with his conduct, and no other party can have a locus standi as petitioners. Of course his constituents can't; for, if they were to try, the circumstance of having elected him would be evidence of their own craziness, and they' would be hooted out of court as harum scarum charlatans. Altogether the business is as perplexing as though Mr. Gladstone had the concoction of a prize problem for the bewilder- ment of everybody and the stultification of himself. Why Newcastle didn't get India, which he very much wanted, though India by no mean's wants him, for it would be out of the frying- pan into the fire were his coally-titled and igneous-crowned Grace to put his foot in it, is pretty well understood to be the Duke's incur- able inaptitude for figures of arithmetic, as ex , hibited in more ways than there are means of telling. As his Grace isn't to go, who is ? tlgin-if he like ; and there is very little if about it. Let us hope that, if he do go, he won't land at Calcutta in a French hat, the sight of which would undoubtedly rouse the ghost of Wilson from his nap in the Red Sea, But, really to look at the Earl popping down the steps of Westminster Hall last night, with one of these new-fangled Parisian abomi- nations on his head, recalling the old Bob Logic mode of Tom and Jeny, when Duncombe was a Corinthian, and to contemplate the little lord's perky air and dancing-master manner, waa enough to fill one with terror in connexion with the first impression such a face, figure, and bearing are calculated to produce on the de- scendants of the subjects of Baber, Akbar, and Aurungzebe. By what fatality is it that the persons we send to India, where so much de- pends upon corporeal appearance, are nearly all ignoble- looking mannikins ? Even Wellesley, who had a majestic mien, and played the vice- roy with super-regal splendour, was only about five and a half feet; and, to be sure, for the matter of that, Warren Hastings himself, who out- Timored Tamerlane, was little bigger. True, also, there was Ellenborough, a splendid looking fellow, as he is still, and we see how happily he hit the native fancy by warbling the song of Somnauth as naturally as though he had been reared on alligators' eggs, and not one of them addled. But Minto and Auckland were of the ill-favoured rat-catcher Isle of Skye terrier tribe ; and Hardinge was the reverse of imposing^ because of his diminutive size and maimed limb, though his countenance waB pleasing enough ; while Dalhousie was just the cock-sparrowish popinjay, a magpie in mind and manner, trying 'to look like an owl by way of seeming wise, that Napier called him. Strange that so insig- nificant an instrument should have wrought such ruin ; as but for him the India of to-day would have been what it was until his day, and what it will never be more-the pride of Eng- land, as the administrative equal of Rome ; but Rome with no Civis Romanus of the Tiver ton stamp in the Capitol, keeping Panic fuith with the conscript Fathers in regard to papyrus, or whatever was the paper question of S. P. Q. It. Dalhousàe's lares and penates, otherwise his pots and pans, at Walmer Castle, have been saved from Rushworth and Jarvis' auctioneering hammer by the new Lord Wurden buy- ing them all in, in one lot, at the last minuto. The catalogues were printed, butnot distributed, and great has been the disappointment of the curiosity hunters who had planned excursions for the " on A'ievv " to-day and yesterday. But there is really no cause for mortification on this head. 'lhere is nothing in tho place worth seeing, except the place itself, the " Duke's Room," " Pitt's Room," " Nelson's Room," and the 3uperb terraqueous panorama, including the spectacle (to the mind's eye) of the yet invisible invasive fleet of our beloved ally over the water, whom any one can already see grimacing Mephistophelianly at our bedeviled Warrior, which might have been built of the heads of our Admiralty, Would it were equally impenetrable as that wood ! Though the furniture extends to 640 lots, it is all of the plainest, though of the best kind, haying been made for Wellington by Dowbiggins ; and it is rather odd that it should have become the property of him whose maxim, " Take care of Dowb," is the epitome of Scotch tenderness towards Number One ; for it was Panmure, now Dalhousie, who sold his cousin's goods and chattels to Palmerston. That the Viscount (through his better half, veritably a golden rib) should be able lo buy them is not the least remarkable of the many singularities of his surprising career. Had he been in a similar position, or anything like it, nay, had tie been able to pay for a three legged stool and a leg of mutton five and thirty years ago, the Avoild would have been a very different world at this hour ; just as Bourrienne tells us, the world would have been a wholly différent world had Bonaparte been able to pay for half-a dozen two franc dinners when he came to Paris, instead of nearly starving on two sous' worth of bread psr diem, and therefore obliged to snatch at the first windfall regardless of where it came from. Had Pam not ,been empty handed then, he never would or could have been forced by that iced-cream of all Tartars, Princess Lieven [vide the F. M.'s opinion of her in Raikes] upon Grey; fifty stupendous things that have happened since never could have occurred, while fifty other things that have not occurred would have happened ; .one being the liberation of Poland in '32, which alone would have trans mogiified the face of the universe ire this, and the countenance of every man in it. But wouldn't his own great talents have made him a great man ? . Fiddlesticks ! He had no great talents, or why weren't they found out during the twenty odd years he was in office ? How comes it, then, that he is now the indispensable man ? Because there is no other ; and that a very mediocre capacity suffices to hold a position of the first class in this country for many jears there is superabundant proof in the prolonged premierships of a Noodle and a Doodle, to wit, or rather without wit, the Duke of Newcastle and the Earl of Liverpool. Each of these conducted England through a tiemendous crisis, and in the face of an oppo - sition whose pigmies were Titans compared with such dwarfs upon stilts is the Pakingtons and that sort in these days. No ; the Viscount was put upon the right line, that is, the winning line for himself, in '28 ; and his be the praise of the prudence that has kept him from quarreling with his bread and butter since, albeit the butter has been occasionally so intolerably tallowy that the stomach of an Esquimaux, or of the dis- coverer of cod-liver oil, would have revolted. It is unlucky for posterity that Archbishop Whately spoiled a fine idea by his " Historic Doubts concerning Napoleon Bonaparte," proving that no such person ever lived. This will be the belief of hereafter about Palmerston, OBd no proof in support »f the conviction need be adduced, as it will be held to be self-evident that no such person ever could have existed. He will take mythical rank with King Arthur ; and not without reason either, for if it wasn't for a " round table " neither of them would ever have been heard of. The placing of par- liamentary feet under the Piccadilly Pembroke mahogany is the preliminary pas in that omni potential spirit-rapping which knocks every- body over on the floor of St. Stephen's quite as effectually as ever was said to have been done by the Welsh wizards in the Ancient British legend. But the " gilded saloon " spell is drawing to a close ; and then the familiars of the necromancer will be the first to tell us he was no great conjurer after all, just up to a trick or two ; but certainly one of these must have been a trick worth knowing ; and it is pleasing, in the interests of the sublime science of humbug, to feel assured that the art is safe in the keeping of the Viscount's residuary legatee, the member for Bucks. \- l 