NOTES OS HALLUCINATION. Of late years, mere hallucination has come to be regarded as entirely consistent with reason — a sim ple disease, requiring the aid of the family phy sician, as much as brain fever, or the fracture of ? limb. Many great minds hare been snbject to these delusions, and yet no one suspected them of in sanity. If the mind dwells long and intensely on any ohjeet. there is always a tendency to clothe that idea in 'a visible form. Ben Jousnn told a friend that he had once spent a whole night watching a horde of Tartars. Turks, and Catholics fighting around his arm-chair. Though the impression was n& vtwiu hb iue real scene, lie aiiriuuceu II -o uiengut canse — an over- heated imagination. Oliver Crom well, as lie lay on his couch, weary and sleepless, beheld a gigantic woman draw aside the curtains and proclaim to him that he should '* be the greatest man in England.' Doubtless, bis own ambition bade the phantom welcome. Pope, when suffering from an acute disease, once asked his physician, ' What that arm was which came out of the wall ?' No douht the larger shore of the phantoms which have disturbed mankind, required ouly a little in vestigation to make them out as harmless as tlie 'cook's ghost ' which appeared to the crew of a homeward-bound vessel, once in the early twilight'. The second mate came to the captain in great terror, telling him that the cook, who had been buried in the sea a few days before, was walking on the water before the ship, and all hands were ou deck looking; at him. The captnin. who was vexed at such super stition, replied, ' Well, we will see who will reach Newcastle first.' A second earnest appeal brought him on deck, however, and there, sure enough, ap peared lii« old friend in his customary dress, walk iug along with the same rolling caiL The crew were so terrified they could do nothing ; so the cap tain was obliged to steer tlie ship himself. On a nearer approach, behold, the spectre resolved itself **-*^-*'flo»^'.'g ^»B«»«Mi..f«m *U«-4Af)«mH»t--of- -aoniQ unfortunate wreck. But for this solution, a veritable ghost story would have been circulated for genera tions among the good people of Newcastle, fully cor roborated by a whole ship's company. Pliny tells us. in one of his letters, of a house in Athens which was haunted by a spirit loaded with chains. The philosopher, Athenodorus. resolved to lay the spirit, and repaired to the house at nightfall taking bis light and writing tablets. At the dead of the niffht the chained man appeared, and motioned with his hand. The philosopher rose and followed him into the court-yard, where he sank into the ground. The spot was marked, and tbe magistrates informed the next day. The place was examined, and tlie bones of a man in chains were found buried there. They were publicly bumed ; after which the spirit seemed very well satisfied, as it came no more. Granting tbe story to be true, the illusion is easily enough accounted for. The shape assumed -was the precise counterpart of tbe one existing in the phi losopher's mind, and for which he had waited long hours: while the idea of the man buried in the court yard might bav« been a reminiscence of some for gotten tradition. Strange hallucinations are often met with !;v tha physician, while the patient is perfect lv sane! :md calmly analyses bis feelings and takes notice it tho strange appearances. Many are familiar wiii. i!. case of Nicolai, a distinguished bookseller of P.i r!ii:. who from time to time observed people wulkin^ abont iu his room, conversing busily, as in the mar ket He grew familiar with them after a time, and rather enjoyed their society, though they were usually the shadows of people with whom he was not very familiar. They attended him in the streets as well as in bis own house, and were easily dis tinguished from real people by a somewhat puler colour. An application of leeches to the patient proved too much for the constitution of the phan toms, and they grew fainter and fainter, until at last they died away. A short time since an interesting case of illusion occurred to the well- known librarian of the Astor Library. Be had been deeply engaged until late at night on a catalogue of the books which he was pre paring. On going to a distant alcove he beheld a man standing before the books. Supposing it to be a thief, he changed his position to get a good vi-;vr of his face, when to his surprise he recognised a phy aician who had lived in the vicinity, but who wns buried not luug before. Not at all alarmed, he said, ' Doctor, you seldom came here when living; why do you come now that you are dead?' lSut though such a reasonable qucstinu, the Doctor, instead of answering, vanished away. The librarian visited the same spot at the same honr the two succeeding niplits, witlr the same result — spelling always dis pelling the illusion. He attributed it to an over taxed mind, and. by the advice of a physician, has taken a journey to recruit. Hallucination often precedes, or is connected with, insanity. Visitors to a lunatic asylum will ofieu observe very curious cases. There was at one time a singular patient, nametl Blake, in the retreat at Bethlem. England. He was a l.-ir^e, powerful man, with a pale, intellectual face, nnd a great fund of general information. He spent his time in cnuversa tion with the great ones of the earth who have gone to the land of shades— chatting familiarly to Moses and the prophets, enjoying; a sumptuous supper with Semirainis, and always having his crayons at hand to sketch the portraits of his guests. He had large volumes of these portraits, which he was quite pruud to exhibit to any who culled. Among them was a sketch of the Devil and his mother. Edward tlie Third was a frequent visitor, and in return fur the compliment he painted his portrait in oil at three sittings. A gentleman put some questions to him with a view to puzzle him. 'Are these illustrious visitors announced, that you recognize Miem so readily ? Do they send their cards to you ?' 'No, but 1 know ? them as soon as they appear. 1 did not expect Slark Antony last night, bnt I recognised the old Etonian as soon as he entered. Poor Job was here yesterday, but he only staid two minutes ; I had hardly time to make a sketdi. which I afterwards copied in aqua fortis. Bnt hush 1 Here is Bichard tlie Third. He stands in a good position now ; if you speak, he will B». Blake was very happy in tbe society of the illustrious people who crowded his little room. Formerly, but little attention was paid to the treatment of hallucination. If any step was taken, it was but to shnt up the unhappy person in an asy !nm. often producing the evil it was sought to core. A few eccentric notions need not unfit a person for discharging the ordinary duties or life, aud require his sednsion from tlie society of his friends. If so, we shonld need to have our lunatic nsylnms con structed on a much greater scale than at present. A supernatural explanation of this simple phe nomenon is uot confined to the uneducated. Men of high literary and religious attainments have be lieved that departed spirits could, and sometimes do, assnme a visible form. I think that must of them had seen something of tbe kind, or st least that their maternal grandmother or grandfather had met one — I am not sure which. lie Iris, 26. late the flag-ship of Conunodora W Colonel Gown, the American gentleman engaged in raising the sunken fleet at SebastopoL writes on the 1st instant:— -My. enterprise in clearing th* harbour from tbe sunken .fleet is progressing quits favourably, and I hope to hare it entirely completed within the present year. The harbour is now prac tically dear of all obstructions, only eight vessels * being left toraiscthe whole. It is exceedingly difficult to pass chains under tbe keels of the line of-battle ships, which are imbedded in the aoft mud to the depth of twenty-six feet; but by perseverance we succeeded in mining under.' Mr. C. F. Hall, a printer of Cincinnati, impressed by the notion that Sir Leopold M-CIintock has not exhausted the search for relics of Sir John Franklin's party, sailed last June in a whaleship for Davis's Strait, where he iuteuded to pass the winter atCum berland Inlet, in acclimatising himself, and acquir ing as far as possible the habits and language of th* Esquimaux. This accomplished, he purposed start ing in the spring with a boat, convertible at pleasure into a sledge, accompanied by a few picked natives and a good pack of dogs, for King William Land ; and having made certain explorations on the way, he will then devote himself to a careful and minute examination of the route taken by the crews of tho Ertinu and Terror, indnding tbe mainland about the mouth of the Great Fish River. By this means, employing two or three years if desirable, and so- - journing from time to time among the natives. Mr. Hall hopes to hear of or dlscoverevery trace and relic which may yet remain of die Franklin expedition. Excepting natives, he anticipated being quite alone. ? and be will need courage and endurance to carry him through his self-imposed task in so desolate a region, and to snstain him until he shall return to theshor* of Davia's Strait, to watch forsome whaler that will give him a voyage home. IPSWICH, QUEENSLAND: Printed and published - by Edmund Jobs Bats and Akthub Chabxks Bate, proprietors, at the Aorta Auttrolian Office, East-sueeU 