TUE MEIDIUMS AND THEIR SPIRITS. A correspondent of the 'Times' raises the very pertinent question why the spirits which play foolish pranks with chairs and tables do not make themselves generally useful. For example, when some uneasiness was felt about the Prince of Wales, why did not Mr. IHume's selirits give intelligence of his place at see, the state of his health, and the weather ? Why do they not now give us the news of the army in China, where it is, how it is, what it has done, what it is doing, and what it is about to do ? Why do they not help us in the office of detective police, and denounce criminals? Why do they not clear up the mystery of the Road murder ? It is not difficult to anticipate the answer. The negroes sae that the monkey can talk as well as any of us, "but if he talkee he workes. " And there may be a like reason for the refusal of spirits to furnish us with the usual information they possess. If they do so they would become our servants-of-all-work in the way of news, and would not have a moment to themselves for table-turning or any other idle diversion. To begin, they would at once be attached to the different newspapers. Every journal would have its heading -"of latest intelligence from our own special spirit medium. The electric telegraph would at once be reined, and the spirits would find themselves reduced to servitude to man, and performing the offices of common carriers. Diversities would then probably appear, and one staff of spirits would be found better in formed than another. The spirits of the ' Times' would differ from the spirits of the 'Daily News,' and the spirits of the ' Globe' would be at odds with the ' Sun.' Who could decide-when spirits disagree? The 'Times,' indeed, would have its special security for being well served. It would resort to compe titive examination of the spirits, and give its appointment to the spirits showing the greatest learning. BBut unfortunately there is a stumbling-block in the peculiar deficiency of the spirits in spelling, and a spirit who could tell what is passing at the antipodes would be rejected as unqualified because it could not ielsel a word of two syllables. It is also very doubtfil whether the spirits could pass an ex amination in any branch of knowledge, for they either are ignorant, or they simulate igenorance, for the same reason no doubt that the monkey holds his tongue. Hence they will only trifle with us, hoist people in the air, and animate up holstery. It is their pleasure not to serve us, but to make us stare. There was atime when the great thought it beneath them to meow or to do anything useful, and the spirits are. soow possessed of the same pride. Perhaps with the progress of improvement they will learn better, but at present they will not condescend to ordes, disorder being their special delight; so fhey will not do the work of a lousemaid, though they will make fhurni toore perform all sorts of unsuitable gambols, grave tables resring and kicking and pluhso-g ing, and easy chairs taking to their heels and hnitine.. But, after all, there is nothing new under the sun, and the spirits of the present day are the Brownies of Scottish superstition, some of whom were of a benevolent, others of a nalevolent nature, the former doing household work with matchless regularity and handiness, the latter playing all sorts of mischievous wranks. The rapping, too, is of ancient usage. The Cock Lane ghost was a rapper, and the spirits at Woodstock in the time of the Commonwealth were also rappers, and, like MIr. Hume's spirits, embodied themselves in furniture, legs of tables advancing rampant, a warming-pan running wildly about, and a turnip-bed rearing bolt upright, to the vast inconvenience of two commissioners of inquiry therein folded up. In Granville's History of Witches many examples of a like kind will be found, but in those dark times the raps had not found interpreters, and were an unknown tongue, and the spirits which animate up holstery had not been brought under the sub- I jection of mediums and introduced familiarly to tea-parties. The mediums having acquired a certain degree of control, short indeed of employing spirits for any useful purpose, but enough to make them obedient to command in idle ex hibitions, who knows but the time may come when this authority, now in its iifancy, may be extended, so that allthe agency of intelligence may be unerringly performed by spirits ? Le us imagine a thousand years hence the agitation of the great slave spirit question. Let us imagine a Clarkson raising the cry of" emanci pate your spirits," and the humanity of the ago revolting against the mediums -holding spirits in thraldom, and compelling them to fetch and carry, to perform menial offices, and run all over the globe to ransack its secrets. ' Examiner.' 