COLONIAL EXTRACTS. Discovery of Gold in the Streets of Queanbeyan. — Yesterday a resident of the town, named Bates, brought a piece of rotton conglomerate to this office for our inspection, as its surface presented to view several specks of gold. According to his statement, his wife was in Booth-street, looking for her poultry when her attention was attracted by a glittering stone, which, unconscious of its value, she picked up and brought to her husband, who, having been a digger, at once perceived that the stone con- tained gold. On examining the stone (about the size of a pullet's egg,) which was easily broken by the fingers, we found that a course kind of gold was distributed throughout it, amounting to several grains in weight. Those who have seen it with ourselves pronounce the specimen to be of unusual richness, indicating a valuable gold somewhere in our vicinity. There is a creek in the street which comes down from the adjoining ranges whence the stone in question appears to have been brought down. And there is not the slightest doubt on our minds that there is a reef of the same rich character somewhero in the mountain, which when once struck, would become a source of im- mense wealth to the neighborhood. Bates in- tends going out himself, in a day or two, in the hope of hitting the reef, and we trust that his efforts will he succcssful. — Golden Age. Discovery of Human Remains. — During the past week, as Mr Dickson of Saw-pit gully, was prospecting about the neighbourhood, he came upon some ground which he thought was likely to answer, and commencing operations, dug a few feet, when he came upon some boards. Following up tho discovery, he found that it was a coffin containing human remains, when Dr. Beer was sent for, and it was found to be the skeleton of a Chinaman, the flesh upon the bones being much decomposed, and apparently having been buried about three months. About that period a large number of Chinese then residing in the locality decamped, their sudden departure being accounted for by their labouring under the delusion that the neighbourhood was haunted by a ghost. It is now supposed that the exodus took place in con- sequence of the interment of this body, as it is believed that the deceased met with foul play, and his countrymen Ieft before the outrage could be discovered. We presume that some official investigation will be instituted on view of the remains- - Braidwood Obstruct . Suicide by hanging in the Back Creek Lock-up.— We regret having to record an act of self- destruction of a most determined character , committed by a Swede, named Andrea Hansen, aged twenty-seven or thereabouts, in the Back Creek lock -up, on Sunday morning last. The prisoner was on remand as a lunatic, he having been brought before the Bench on a charge of lunacy, on Thursday last, and, from the evidence of Drs. Dow and Carr, Mr. Crespigny, the Police Magistrate, remanded him for four days, by which time it was hoped his senses would be restored to him. He chatted in a very rational manner, and amongst other subjects upon which he spoke was the length of time he had been in the colony, and the manner in which he had spent that time. He informed the police that he was a native of Sans- wohl, in Sweden, and in the year 1854 left Liver- pool in the ship Nugget, bound for this colony, and arrived at Geelong in October of that year At about half-past eight he expressed a desire to return to the lock-up, whither the police con- ducted him, and after having provided him with ample bedding, they wished him good night, and closed the door. During the early part of the morning he was heard kicking his feet against the floor of the cell, but as he had been often heard similarly employed, no notice was taken of the circumstances. Sunday morning about eight oclock, the sergeant opened the door to remove the prisoner to his breakfast, when he made the following discovery : — The deceased was sus- pended by a belt round his neck, the other end of which was fastened round an iron bar running through one of the air-holes of the cell. The suicide was at once cut down, and while a con- stable was in search of a medical man, the police examined the means by which Hansen had des- troyed himself. They found that the disposition of everything had been made with evident de- liberation. The end of the belt, which had been fastened to the iron bar, had been passed round it, and the hook made fast to a hole cut in the leather, and the two pieces then carefully bound together by a piece of binding torn from the shirt the deceased wore. With the other end he had made a noose by passing the single part of the belt through the loop used generally for shortening and lengthening it. He had then evi- dently got on the top of the bucket, passed his head through the noose, and then quietly pushed away with his feet the bucket from under him. Just about the time the police had finished their examination, Dr. Carr arrived, who on inspecting the body, found the chest yet warm, and, judging by that an other indications, he stated that life had been extinct about three hours. The de- ceased was a miner, and his lunacy, it is con- jectured, was produced by exposure to the wea- ther and other deprivations of 'comfort. — Bathurst Free Press. South Australia.— Port Lincoln.— By the Marion, which arrived on Sunday, We have re- ceived intelligence of a dreadful murder by the natives. The victim in this case is a woman aged about 35, the wife of one of Mr. Lawrence's shepherds at Mount wedge. She appears to have been alone on 'the Thursday, 2nd May, and to have been speared and waddied by some blacks, who at the same time plundered the place. A man named Impett, returning with his flocks in the evening, fonnd her body in a mangled state. He made it first known to Mr. Lawrence, through whom it was communicated to Inspector Holroyd, the special Magistrate at Port Lincoln. The fearful occurrence spread the utmost alarm throughout the neighbourhood, and the belief was almost unanimous that the native who escaped hanging, with his less fortunate comrade, for the murder of Jones at Mount Joy — about 20 miles from Mount Wedge, was concerned in the fresh deed or horror. This was a very justifiable suspicion, as the natives of that part of the country concur in saying that the man who was let loose on the occasion referred to, was actually guilty of the murder ; and he was universally regarded as being a most terrible deperado. Subsequent inquiry, however, has shown that there is nothing to connect him with the murder of Mrs. Impett. On Wednesday, 8th May, Inspector Holroyd arrived at Mount Wedge, and held an inquest on the body. A jury having been with some difficulty collected, Sir. Loze was chosen foreman, and the following facts appeared in evidence :— The husband of the deceased left his wife as usual alone in the hut on the morning of the 2nd May, and went out with his sheep. Upon his return he found his wife lying her head upon the floor of the hut, and covered with a blanket. On examination he found her throat speared or jagged across, her chin also speared, and the back part of her head completely smashed in. The next morning, on further search, the footprints of natives were found outside the hut, and about half a bag of flour and some blankets were gone from the hut. A native was procured from the head station, who identified the tracks as those of two natives well known, and who were frequently employed by the settlers. A verdict of wilful murder was re- turned against the two natives, whose names we understand, are Mungalti and Karabidni. — S. A. Register. Execution of three Murderers at Laun ceston. — The Launceston Examiner has an account of the execution of three murderers at that place on the 23rd ultimo, one of whom was the notorious Hailey, the perpetrator of the Cullenswood tragedy, the horrid details of which appeared some month or two ago. The other two were named respectively Chapman and Maloney : — ' The culprits, who slept soundly during the night previous to their execution, were awakened about half-past six in the morning, when having arisen, washed, aud dressed them selves, they partook of some tea and bread and butter. The Rev. Dr. Butler, and the Rev. Mr. O'Callaghan, (the prisoners being of the Roman Catholic persuasion), then arrived, and never left them till they were no more. Shortly after eight o'clock the Under-Sheriff, W. G. Sams, Esq., arrived at the gaol, and at this time there were present, besides the gaol officials, the gentlemen of the press, and a few persons who had per- mission to be present. Maloney was first pinioned ; he was very pale, and seemed with difficulty to articulate the Words of prayer ; Chapman came next ; and last Hailey. Both these were much firmer in their demeanour than Maloney, but in all there was a total absence of anything like bravado ; Hailey, indeed, did unbutton his shirt collar as he issued from the cell door, but nothing more. The pinioning being completed, the procession moved to the scaffold. Hailey first ascended the step, and placed himself upon the drop ; he was followed by Chapman, and then came Maloney, who kissed the rope that was to terminate his earthly existence. The necessary preparations being completed, the executioner drew the bolt, — the drop fell — and a heavy thud announced the suspension of the criminals. For a moment or two all was still — not a motion was perceptible in either of the sus- pended bodies ; then reaction set in. With Chapman and Maloney this was soon done — a few quivering muscular movements, and all was over. But with Hailey a most frightful scene ensued, which caused a feeling of the deepest horror to thrill through tho spectators. By some means or other, perhaps through not being sufficiently or securely pinioned, one of his hands got loose and he lifted it towards his neck ; the executioner kicked the hand, and it fell down. Again the hand was lifted, and this time it grasped the rope, and Hailey drew himself up a short distance. Taking hold of the rope with both hands, the executioner shook it violently, at the same time kicking the culprit's hands and neck. Hailey's struggles were frightful ; but at length they terminated, and the triple murderer ceased to exist.' Hobart Town. — The following melancholy act (says the Examiner) was committed at Laun- seston, by a woman who is insane:- On the 15th instant., a woman named Jane Hazlehurst, who was creating a great disturbance in the public street, was taken by Sergeant Peters to the police station, Launecstou. She was violent, and appeared quite insane. From an incoherent statement which she made, it was gathered that she had that morning gone up to the Scotch burial ground, and with a spade dug up the coffin in which the remains of her former hus- band, whose name was Gibson, had been de- posited. She then knocked off the breast-plate and broke open the coffin, pulled out the bones and, to use her own expression, ' I put them out to dry, as they were dirty ; and I had the decency to put them back again, and fill up the grave.' At the watch-house she produced the coffin-plate, on which was inscribed — 'John Gibson, died 1st January, I860;' and also gave up a quantity of human hair and a tooth, so that she had evidently done what she stated. She appears to be laboring under the delusion that her husband is constantly following her. Educated Aboriginal. — An aboriginal in Melbourne the other day was sufficiently educated to write his name to a cheque for £70 at the Bank of New South Wales. — Portland Guardian May 15. Fat Pigs. — Our attention has. been drawn to some fat pigs, fed by Mr. J. T. Baker, on his farm, near Milfield, one of which having been slaughtered, and to be seen at the shop of Mr. Ternes, West Maitland, weighs 628 lbs. Its flesh was exceedingly fine, and its fat firm enough to please a connoisseur. These pigs were to have been exhibited at the late agricultural show, but could not be brought down in consequence of the state of the roads. — Maitland Mercury. 