i HOLMÍ3Y.aC>ÚSE.: 'VI i A TALS Or OLD «OETnAMrTONSHtBÏ. BT 6. JV W/KÍLTIUS. ' CHAPTER XXVIII. . ' '. ; " SRKPIHO SBCBSTS. f, ¡ HARD held in the sinewy granp of honest Dymocke, v/hpse feature* expanded into grim' smiles with the excitement of a . rousing gallop/ the sorrel's regular, stride swept round Ibe park at Boughton,' despite the heat of. the 'afternoon ¿sun and the hardness of the ground. Such ia proceeding was indeed » flagrant departure from the, rales of atable dis- cipline, which would have enjoined the serving-man $o bring his charge quietly home, and bed hiccup', incoulinently for the night. To Judge, however, by Hugh's countenance, he had good reasons for this unusual mensure, and, af tar .half- en* hows walk through the cool .shade'of the avenues, he jumped from the saddle iii tbe stable-yard, sud 'contem- plated the still reeking sides of his favourite with en expres- sion of grave and critical approval. 'Aye,' said,he, aa the .sorrel, after snorting once or twice, raised his excited head, ks if ready ' and willing for another ? gallop,* "you could make lome'of them look pretty "foolish ? even now./. Regular work and ¿oídVfooihhoa not done jan . any harm sinos you left off your soldiering--'and! after this \- bit pf a. breather to-night, if ¡ jon jÄou.'d be. wanted..to- morrow, why-- whew !! /. ,íi. !>' .V I f.'i.OIi , The-prolonged whistle which conclnded this soliloquy denoted an idea of such rapidity as words were totally inade- quate; to i convey ;i and Dy raocke proceeded to wash his charge's feet, and rub down bis bright (flossy sides in the cool air of the spacious stable-yard, with a demeanour of ? mysterious/importance which argued tbemoBt alarming . results. . ", i . ..i.. . :;. .. > > . , ¡ Now, by, a curious coincidence, lt so happened that Faith, despising the allurements ot the buttery, tn which tba other servants were partaking of one of their many repasts, tripped hoftly through the yard on ber way to the lanndrv, one of those , domestic ofh'ceathe vicinity of which to "the stables offers'the men and maids of an establishment many oppoitunities.- of_innocent, gaiety and - Improving; conversation. It ,was,not ; surprising, that Faith should loiter for a few minutes to enjoy the .society of""an individual with whom she avowedly ' kept company.' or, that hereditary curiosity should prompt her to demand the cause . of the, horse's heated; appearance, .and tha > unusual 'care bestowed on him by^is rider. : i.., . ' You do frighten one so, Sergeant,* said Faith; address- ing; ber swain by bis title of brevet rank, with a coy look atd one of her, sweetest - smiles- snob a look, and smile os argued ulterior intentions. ',lt gave rne quite.» turn1 to see you aa I did i rom Mistress Grace's window coming round the.Cedars at< such a.break-neck rate, tis 'anything ,the matter, Hugh i' she added. anxiously. >' You're not going to leave us again for sureÎ* . . jjymoche was splashing and hissing for hard life, i ; He paused,-winked ominously In his questioner's face, and shifting'the .bucket Of water.to the off side, set tor' work again more vigorously ¿baa. before.- , . .., __ ' C, . She hod not ' kept company* with him .all these months without ki owing exactly how to i manage him., She pulled a bunch-of, green' leaves« for the; >sorrel, caressed him admiringly, and looking askance ab- Dymocke'a stooping figure, addressed her conversation to th» horse. . .?; 'Poor fellow." she said, smoothing his glossy neck, ' bow yon; must miss yqur master. He wouldn't have rode you so unmercifully such a baking day as this. , I'wonder where -he-is-now, poor young roan. Far enough,away,* I'll be .bound1',.or 'you wouldn't' be put' upon iw'yoú've been this blessed afternoon.* - - . ' '. \--The-taunt-rankled. Hugh looked np from bis opera- tions.'!- a ? » «*r. - . '. i "<:? .?. ? 'There's reason for it, Mistress Faith; fake my.word, there's Teason for it. though yon can't .expect to be told(the -why's and the wherefores every time as one of oar horses gets a gallop.' ..'' ? . 1 ! There wat a mystery, then. To a woman such an ad . mission was in itself a challenge.;, faith vowid to know all about it ereshe slept-that night. ' ."..' i'i ,? .- Aiaprig of green remained'in her hand. She pulled it asunder pensively, leaf by leaf, and heaved one or two deep sighs. Phe knew, her; man thoroughly ; despite his vinegar face his heart was as soft as butter to the sex . 'Ab, Hugh,' she said, 'it's an anxious time for'ns poor women, that sits and cries our eyes oat, when jyor/ men you've nothing to brood over; ,1 was in, hopes the, troubles wassail done'now.' 'Whatever should I do toWe you «gain, -deart'> Tell'me,' Hugh,'leastways it's nothing np about yourself, is it V ." 1 M ; "."faith's eyes were very soft and pretty, and she med them at this Juncture with considerable skill. '?. ". j . Dyrnocke looked np, undoubtedly mollified.' ' ' ""'Well,-'-it's nothing about, my self-there 1' be grunted ' out, in. a'rough voice. . i'-- - - i ?? ."? v. ,f . j i A step was gained ; he ihad made an admission. ' She would, wm edle it all ont of him now before the supper-bell : rang.-, «. £ ..' .a; -ti. . O 1 c1 ! '. "?' .: .''.' 'Nor yet the Captain/ exclaimed Faith, clasping- her .hands bran agony ? of affected akrm. "*8ay it'a.notrths 'Captarnj'Hu'gh.fbfany'sal.e'? 1 Ohi'niy poor young mistress! .fray ifs not the Captain, or -Majors or whatever he be ¡'only say the word, Hugh, that he's safe.' . . .' ? ', ! *jWplL he's,8afe ¡enoagh aa yet,; for. the matter of that,' answered Hugh;' saying the word, however, yrilh considerable nnwillingness." In auch a 'pumping* process aa the present the struggles of the victim are .the more painful from hil totaJ inability to e caps., , . y_.'(>, i : ! í \ ' . ',*, Aa yei, Hugh V 'repeated the operator '; . at ytt f , Then yon ' know something abont' ' him ? you know where he j» 1 you've heard of him? be's alive and well?* Ho's come .back from/ abroad!; he's ? in England^ I ¿perhaps ike's* in Northamptonshire even n'owf ' ->?£-' _Dymocke'a whole.attention, icemed bent'oo. his currjcoml and accompanying aibilationa. ¡ . - - . ... - ? ? ' Faith set her lips' tight. >\ '. . ' ' ' '? 1 "ÍSergeant Dymocke," she said,'vrlth an sir of,solemn warning, ' yod and tte hoi kept company now for many a long day, and none can say as I've'' so mncb as looked over my shoulddor at ever/a young, man bnt yourself. There's Master Shodd,'th6 mercer in Northampton, and long Will Bucksfoot) the wild forester 'at'Bockijigbam, "as has .been down scores and score» of times on their beaded knees to me to'say the wórd,' and 1° never skid the word, andjj never wouldn't. 'I Wont say what I've thought, ;and I wont say what' I've" hope 3 ; but if things is to end aa'they're begun between you and me,T wouldn't answer for the conse- quences!" '" '1 ' ! 11 .' "'".il »vito tun mysterious and comprenensive tbreat taifa burst into a passion of tears, and, barring her face în'her apron-, wept aloud, refusing to be comforted. ' ? . '. ! .' Another point gained; She had dextronsly ehSfted her ground, and put bim in the position of a suppliant. ' ' I He was forced to" atasdón his horse,, and console her lo the best of - his abilities with awkward caresses andi blast assm-ancesof affection. By degrees the aobs became less frequent ¡_certain vague bints,_tending_to Bjrneneal resnlts, produced, as usual, a sedative effect.' l'eace waa established, and Faith returned to the attack much invigorated by the tears that had so relieved her feelings. v j .Of course voud'd trust.a ai/e with everything: you Jcnew,' observed Faith, in answer to an observation bf Dymocbe's, which we are bonwd to admit waa not marked by bia ua.nal caution. ' And the Major it come back?*, she added,. in'. ber'most coaxing accents, jLod ari tb her sunniest smile. ' .." . A J <A»d yctfve »se»a,lna.?< added lott*, «to felt aka «M winning easy. Ungi aooded. ' Thia afternoon ? , . Another nod, implying a cautions affirmative. 'Where? 'Close hy," at Brampto»;-Themars» knowed him al once, for ail" hi» disguise It was bèutifal to see the dumb crea'ure's affection,' urged Hugh, emphatically. 'Disguised, waui-heí^eehoedíakhf-delighted-with-t'jí result of her perseverance. ' Where h»d he eome fro-ml where waa he going ,toî'what was he doingr You may ai well tell me »U about it now, Hugh. Come,,out with lt there's a dear,' . . " , ',. ' j , Oat it all came, indeed, as a secret generally does, much to the relief of the proprietor . anrT the satisfaction of th« curious- Like ,a goat-skin of Spanish' wine, in which thc point of a mountaineer's knife bas been dextroasly inserbat there is a little frothing and bubbling at first, then a fen precious drops ooze through .the orifice,' and anon a fice generous stream. comes, flowing out continuously till the skinJs emiptieds^ ,1 ' ' ? go Faitb learned that the shabby fisherman at Brampton Ford was. none .other than - Major Bosville ; that ' he* waa waiting there with a political object, which ' it woiild be more than bia life's worth to disclose ¡ that he'had been fishing there for twn whole days, and had not achieved the object for which he had come; that the ladies and Sir Giles had been within ten yards of him, and never recognised him ; and, lastly, that the sorrel's attachment td bia master was not to be obliterated by time, nor to be deceived by appearances. . 1 . '? tit tao» % right ito do your eyes good, my dear,' said Hugh, stroking the horse's nose, ' to see him break away from me and gallop all round the miller's dose, as if he'd never be caught nor tamed again, and then trotting) up to Major Humphrey as if he'd been a doir, and neighing for joy, and rubbing his head against his master; and the Major looking a'most as, pleased, as tbs horse. They've \- m«reaen*e and more afleotion too than many bnman beings,' 'added Hugh, impressively ;. * and now yon needn't to be told my dear, why I gave him thia bit of a turn Jo keep his pipes clear iu case of accidents! He might'be.wanted,to-morrow, or he might not ; but if so be that he were, lt shall never, be said that he came out of' this stable .and wasn't fit to save a man's life.' They're like'the female sex, my dear, in many particulars, but 10 none so much as this. "It's ruling,them well, ¿rid working of them ea»y that makes them good-,; bot ' it's ruling them, strict and working of them hard that make-. ' them'6eW«'.' ..'':. (.<..«< \- ' 1 ' . 1 "' '.. 'L ' 'With this philosophical'axiom," the result, doubt les?,'of ' much stttnüte ob«ervation.'Dymocke clcthed np the sorrel, ' and led him'into the stable, whilst Faith; with an expres- sion of deeper anxiety than often troubled ber pretty face, tripped away, jo her mistress's room, and to the best'of our belief never viii ted the laundry after all. Grace had to be dressed for _ supper. Tn those simile dayB people supped by daylight in the summer, and revised ' their toilets carefully for' the meal,' 'much as they dress for \- dinner now ¡ and in those days, as in the present, a lady's ; ' back bair' wa« a source .of'tnuch manual labour to ber maid and ranch mental anxiety bo herself. ' ! ' 1 \- 1 Though Faith worked away1 at the ebon masses with an unmerciful number of jerks and twitoi es' and an unusually hard brush, she did not succeed in exciting the attention of the sufferer, who.sat patient and,motionless in ber hands not even I'-'okinp/at herself in the'glass.' f ' " ; Faith heaved one or two 'surprisingly deep sighs; and even ventured upon a catching of the breath, such as with ladies "of her profession is the mool precursor to a flood of tears, but ' without* the sügh.eet 'effect' Grace never lifted her eyes from the peint of her foot; which peeped oat beneath her TÓbe.^. , " 1 '?" At length the waiting-maid, pres-ed her band against her side, with an audible expression of pain. ' : /.What's the matter, Faith V sud her mistress turning .round, with a wondering abstracted gaze, which brightened ' into .one of. curiosity as she marked tbe excited 'expression ' of her attendant's countenance. 'Nothing,ma'am,'replied Faith, with another catching of the breath, real enough this timo ; 'leastways nothing's the matter st present, thong,h what's to come of it Koodness only knows. .Oh,. Jlistress Grace ! Mistress Gru.ce!' she added, letting all 'tbe ' back bair' down en massé, and clasping her,twolbands upon her bosom, * who d'ye tbink's come back again ? who d'ye tbink's within a mile of . this house at this blessed , min ute ? who d'ye think's been dis- guised and fi hing by Brampton mill this very day ? and the sorrel" knew. bim 'though nobody else didn't, and all the 'troubles that was clean gone and over is tb begin again 1 and who d'ye think it is,_ Mistress.Grace, that might be walking up the stairs and into this very room even now f. [ Startling as' was the possibility, Grace seemed to con terriplate it with wondrous calmness. Though she was blushing deeply, abe exhibited no signs of surprise or alarm as shs asked very quietly, ' Who? ' Why, ;Wño out . JUnjor Humphrey?' replied raith, trininphaiitly. ..'.*. Now, .don't ye take on, Mistress Grace. ? my »weet young lady, don't you.go: for to frighten yourself, there's a dear !;'.It's DvmocJie that saw bim ; and the sergeant's a discreet man, yon know, and as'true as steel. Ana he Baye the Major looked so worn and thin, and as pale as a ghost. ' ' But the horse, he knew him, bless his sorrel skin j and the sergeant says he wouldn't have disolvere.) the Major bimsfit, if it, hadn't been for the dumb animal It's as much as'his life's worth to be here, jVisfreas Grace, so the sergeant soys ; and the Roundheads-that's the rebels, as weNvaa usea to call them-the Parliamentarians (wis? and godly men, too,,«ome of them) would shoot bim to death, as soon as ever they set eyes on him ; but don't you worrit and fret yourself, Mistress Grace, don't ye now !' Grace received the intelligence with surprising composure . ' He t£>u«. looking dreadfully altered,* she muttered to her- self; but'she only told Faith that if this very improbable story were really true, it was incumbent on the possrssor of so deadly a secret to bridle her tongue, and not allow the »lightest, hint to escape that might be the means of - throw, lng BosVille into the hand» of his enemies; and she went down to supper with an' unfaltering step, and an air of out- ward compusure that astonished and even somewhat dis- pleased her susceptible handmaiden. ' ,,'. She can't care for him one morsel,' said Faith, as she folded up her ' lady a things, and put'them carefully away. The girl hod no Idea of the power possessed by some natures to ', suffer and be still.' In a parallel case she would have cried her own eyes out, Bhe thonght, arid lt would have done her good.. She did not know, and would not have appre- ciated,'the ' enduring faculty' that seems most, fully de- veloped, in the two', extrême races of the patrician and the savage^ and esteemed herself. doubtless happier without the pride that dries our tears, 'tis true, ' but dries them much in the same way . that the red-hot searing-iron scorches up and stanches the stream^from a gaping wound. Grace pos- sessed her'share'of this well-born quality, for all her gentle manner, and her quiet voice; nor did she ever draw more largely npon her stores of self-command than while she sat I opposite Sjr 'piles'at supper that evening,' and filled ont his ' 'dish of claret' 'again and again .with her own pretty hands. She- thought the. meal, never would be over. This stanch old Cavalier .was in unusual spirits with the prospect of his Majesty's visit, and laughed and joked -with his thoughtful 'Gracey.'so peraeverinsf.ly'ás almost to drive her wild. l.She absolutely thirsted.for solitude,, and, the. enjoyment, if such it could be colled, cf her own thoughts. But" supper waa over al lost. , Sir Giles, leaning back in his high carved ; ijh'air, sank to bia usual slumber, ' arid'Grace waa free, to come,and go unnoticed, for Loni Vaux'was still on .a sick ? hod, and Mary 'Cave, pleading fatigue and indisposition, bad '.remained in her own chamber.. - ? - j 7 ' Kow, it is a ' ungular fact, ' that although neither of the " ladies, who' occupied Lord Vaux's roomy old coach had im- mediately - recognised the disguised fisherman kt Brampton mill, a. certain instinctive consciousness' of bis fdentity had come , npon each of them at the same instant ; and it is no less singular that neither of them should have offered the slightest hint, of her suspicions to her companion; and that although the manner'of each was more affectionate than usual; by a sort pf tacit understanding they should bare avoided one another's society for the rest of the day. . r Thus it came lo pass.that Mary, who never used to bo tired, went to her own*room immediately she returned from , Holmby,, and begged she might hot be disturbed even by the,'burnt posset,', which was our ancestors' jolly substitute . for a leap of te«.' , .. 1-',- r, i° . It raay seem strange thai Mistress Cave should haye been so "ignorant of ItóviBe's'/movements, and that she of all .women should haye been' so.startled.'by his nhexpected appearance in Northamptonshire; but "truth to tell, Mary had -long ceased to know his- intentions, orto be consulted as of old about his every action. Though he had-written to - her . frequently, all, correspondence from the. Queén's Court was so carefully watched, that his letters never j reached their destination ; and the same cause had inter- cepted an epistle which, after a lout; interval of i auipensis, proud Mary Cave had brought herself to write to the man wbpse absence she. was'astonished to find she bore so im- patiently. It was galling, doubtless, but it was none the less ; true. ' ? When she parted from him at XzeterJ there was indeed ? every probability that in those troublous - times they might ne> er meet again on earth ; and this separation she could not but feel nasa most unpleasant contingency. Nay, it was actually painful, and many a secret tear; it coat her. This it was which had made her so cold and haughty till he actnallv bid her farewell ; .and how often since had she wished,- till her heart ache), that she could live those few days over again ! . A s month after month passed on .without further tidings, she seemed to feel her loss .more and more. Self-reproach, curiosity, and pique combined to make ber think and ponder on the absent one, whose merits, bott of mind .and body, .seemed, to.' come/ ont?so vividly now that it was . possible they belonged . to A<r no longer. Mary was- no- dull -observer of human nature, and abe knew well .that ¡if she. really eared to retah" his. affections, »he had been playing a somewhat daagerone game. Ead he been employed ia the alarms and hiing hjfl^Bc« of cUr^|^U|»CW bsAieyts>lwg« kept aw *ke kr tho inijuri»g* stimulus of military glory, «nd the dPjpest, truest afleotiooa of his heart, enhanced mi they alwaiya are by the daily habit of looking death in the face, she felt she would have reigned in that heart more im . 'piously than ever ; but the case was quite different now. JWe"w«^TiT/g^tbBitnlospiier«-T}f a'pleasure-loving and i profligate Court. He was subjected to just BO much excre- ment and dissipation as would serve to distract his thouehfcsyjBab- so^neh-4nteresting employment - as-would forbid bia mind from dwelling continuously upon any single topic. Prom his position he was'sure to be coartad by the great, arid with kia person to be welcomed by the fair. To ? do" bim -justice, be had. eveç shown himself sufficiently calióos t« the latter.,temptation, and .yet-Marv re membered the wit and the attractions of those French ladies amongst.whnm she had spent har .youth ^ she. even' caught herself recalling his 'admiration of. one, or two of her own acoomplUhmenU derived,from" that sourc«^. He might üud others fairer than! she was now-kinder ;than she had ever been--some g ntle heart, would be' füre, to love him dearly, and the Srsry Intensity bf its' affection wonjd wiq. his' in . return; .and then'indeed he would be lost to her altogether : -the',' would rather' (k¡* pa* ' tying. deaf md : buried, yonder., on 'Kateby. field !. . And ? yet, so! ho.'-anything were better' i .than t |ibat. ', Mary 'was startled at tbe bitterness",', and, tba Strength of her own passions. It was' frightful ! it was humiliating !. it was unwomanly ; to feel like this.'' Was she weaker aa she \- 'grew1 older; that sba could thus .confess to herself so deep an inte'est in1 ond who might perhaps already bare forgotten her? She had not loved Falkland »o--t,bat waa annie, lofty, ennobling sentiment-there- was much more of the "e^thly,"ejém'enrm"~tóis^strang wüd'fascínatión. 'Perhaps it wa» none the 1MS dear, none Üie lesa ;dangerous on that account, , ,, ?'. , : - --*? ' ? .- 60 she resolved ¿that whatever cansé bsd brought bim back at last ffor too surely she felt the disguised fisherman was no other than' Bosville), the at least would appear to be ignorant and careless of his movements. ' Till his^lonif ailene* waa explained, of course( he, could be nothing to her ; ' 'and eVen'thea; if* neóple'óould .forget for twa whole years, ' o' her people could forget altogether' Tfes, it;^ould be .far better so.. Blé must be changed indeed not'to bave spoken to' her:that very1 day- by the wa.ter .side. Then . she re- membered what Grace had »aid «bout the knot of pink , ribbonY and womanlike, after Judging him, so harshly, her heart smote brr for ber unkindness, and she wept. ' ! '?' The ,sun was sinking below the. horizon when Grace 1 stepped out upon' the terrace at Boagbton, and wrapping a ' scarf around her shoulders ', paced.slowly awat forastrolrin the cool atmospbére and'refreahing breezes of the park. It was delicious to get into the pure evening air afj»r the hot drive and The crowded court, and. Sir Gi lessJ interminable supper ; to be alone once more under God's heaven, and able t » think undisturbed The deer were already couching for íhe'night among t the fern, the rooka, had gone home hours ago, but a solitary and belated heron, high, up In the e*lm sky, was winging his s ft, silent way towards the 'flash'of sunset which crimsoned ail the west. It was the hour of peace and repose, when nature subsides to a dreamy stillness ere ste sinks to her majestic sleep, when, the ox lies down in his pasture, and the wild bird is hushed on' the bough; when all is .at rest" on 'earth" save only the restless human heart, which will never know peace but in the grave. . Grace thrtaded the stems of the tall old trees, her foot falling lightly , upon the mossy sward, her, white figure glancing ghost-like fú and put the'dusky avenues, her fair brow, from which she put back, the masses of hair with both hands, cooling, in; the evening breeze. - . Y . What did she,here? ? She, scarce knew herse'f why she bad sought this woodland solitude-why, she had been .so restless, so impatient, so dissatisfied ,with everything and everybody, so longing,to be alone. . Beeply she pondered on Faith's narra'ive, though ipdeed she had guessed the truth long before her handmaiden s confidences., Much she won- dered what he was doing here-whence had he come ff -when wa« he going-away f-what was this political mystery in which foolish Faith believed so implicitly Î . Why was he in Northamptonshire, at all ? _ Was there a chance of his wandering here to-night to visit his old haunts?-and, if he should, what was that to her? ; The girl's cheek flushed, though she was alone, wiih mingled pain and pride as Bhe reflected that she had given her heart unasked. No ! not gui'e given it, but suffered it to wander sadly oat of her own control; and that, though-she was better BOW, there had sheen a time when she cared for bim a great deal more than was good for her. Well,Jit waa over, and'yet she thould like to see him once again, she confessed, if it were only'to'wish him 'goodbye.' Were there fairies still on earth ? Could it be possible ber wish was granted? "There f tlA OfOB t ' i .'.',.) r ! Í ! . \t ? : Grace's, heart boat violently v and her breath came and went very quiok as the dark figure of a mon emerged from the shade of an old oak, ander which he had beau standing, not ten paces from her. fabe, almost repented vf her wish, that seemed to hure been accorded so readily« Toor Grace ! there Was no occasion for penitence ; ere he had made three strides towards her she bud recognised, him; and. it ,wos with a' voice in which disappointment- straggled with .un- feigned sui prise, that she exclaimed, 'Captain « fSnitharh ." 1 He doffed his hat, and begged her, with the old manly courtesy she remembered so well, not to be alarmed. ' His dnty,' he said, 'had brought him into the neighbourhood, and lie could not resist the temptation of visiting the haunts of those who1 had once been so kind to him betöre these un- happy troubles'had turned his beat friends to strangers, if not to enemies:'' HÍB voice shook ss he spoke, and Grace could not forbear extending her hand to him ; as she touched his it "wai like ice, and hb trembled, that iron' soldier, aa if he was cq-d. " '/'. .. 1 ,' ' Darkness was ' coming on apace, yet even ia the fading light Grace could not but see how, hardly Time had dealt with her old admirer-aft admirer of whom, although unde- clared, her womanly instinct hod been long ago conscious as a very devoted, add a'very worthy one., *; . - .?' - . .George's whole countenance had deepened.into tho marked .lines and gf^ve expression of middle age. i The hair and beard, once so raven black, were now grizzled ; and, although thetall, strong form was square and erect as ever, its gas tures bad lost tile buoyant' elasticity of. youth, and had acquired the slow and somewhat listless air of those who have outlived their prime.' . . ' '' ;' ..' He seemed to have got_ something to communicate, yet he walked bv her side without attiring another syllable. Grace looked down at the ground, and could not mark the sidelong gaze of deep, melancholy tenderness with which he regarded her beautiful profile and shapely form. . The silence_beeame very embarrassing ; after the second tarn she began to get quite frightened. , v . ? > c ' \ He spoke 'at lait as it seemed with a mighty effbrf, and in a low, choking voice. ., ' ."' ,. *" . ' You are surprised td see ine, Mistress Grace, ' and with reason.; perhaps I am guilty of presumption, in even enur- ing your kinsman's domain. Well, it ia for the last time, forgive, me if I have startled you,, or, intrpded onjybür solitude. Moy'I speak to you for five minuto" Î 'I will not detain yon long. Believe me, I never expected to see j/'ou hère'to-night.'/ '.'.i'.'V '.; Y - ii V : : ¡ 'Then why on earth did you come ?. was Grace's very . natural reflection, but she only bowed, and faltered out a few words expressive of her willingness to hear all he had .got to 'say. . .? - ! ,¡ , ;v.-¡ . ? , :., ,. -j . a ] !. ' I only- arrived to-day at. Nortliampton,';uhe > -pro ceeded, calming * as, he went on; 'I have been appointed to the command of a divUion of the, army, . to watch this district;' and , preserve:. the : peace . .of t hie Majesty and his Parliament. We have reason to; believe that a conspiracy ir being organi- ed, to plunge this country ,once more in' cjvil war. Suspicious persons are abouts. _. , ?'-.' Grace' glanced sharply at 'him./? . ..? . R, J v'My troopers' are oven now scouring the eduntryî to arrest a messenger from France,' of whom X hive received information; 'It is sad work,'my duty will'compel me to -hanghim to the nearest tree.' -"' ? ?> f ?> ; ' It was fortúnate that'-the failing light prevented his seeing how pale she had turned. ? - ? i. / i >?? ?? . i ?? 'Believe me, Mistress, Grace, it is hopeless for the "Malignants*' to' stir np civil war again. Tils 'Maje-ty's Parliament will act for the safety of his Majesty's' person, and it will berny duty, with the large' fotrje i oomrnaad,' to escor t him in'security to the neighbourhood of London.' ' i ,Grace,liitened - attentively-the little- Boyalist ^aa half frightened, sind half indignant at the.calm'tone of conscious power in which the'successful soldier of-the Tarliament announced his intentions.. , T I ' ' Effingham poaséd, as if to gather courage, then proceeded, speaking very rapidly, and looking studiously away "Trom the person he addressed. . . '' ^ . .,, ' You have never known; Mistress Grace, God, forbid yon ever should knew', such suffering and such anxiety as F have '.experienced now" for many long months. I did hot come here to-night to tell yon this. . I 'did not come here' expect- ing to see yon at all. It was weak, I grant yon, ana un- manly, but I could not resist the' temptation of wandering, near your home,once again, of watching the house in which yoU were, ind perhaps looking on the'light that shone from your window.--I am no lové-mok awain, Mistress Grace,' he. added, smiling' bitterly, '.with my röngh soldier's manners, and my grey nair; but I'plead guilty to thia one infatua ticn, and ypo may despise me for it if you will. Well! aa I have met you to-night, I will tell you all- listen. Ever sine« J bave, known you, T hate. loved, you, God help rae! better than my own som.' 'You will never know, Grace, you shall never knoij, how truly, bow-dearly, ho« worse than madly-I feel it is hopeless^-I feel it is no tue-that I can never be more to you than the successful Bebel, -the enemy ' that is only tiot hated because you are too'gentle and kind to hate any human being; Many a weary day have I longed to tell you this, and:so to bid you farewell, and.see you never more. It is over now, and I am happier for th» con- fession. . i God bless you,- Grace J : If yon could. have cared for me I should have been worthy ot you-it cannot be-I shall never forget yon-farewell !* He raised her hand, pressed it once- to his lips, and, ere lb« had recovered fron her aalonlahmeat lt« waa goa«, Grace looked wildly around ker, «a on« «bo ««kee from ? dream- Ik aeemed like a dream indeed, bat abe »lill beard tbe tramp of bis step aa be walked away in the calm night, and listening for a few minutes after he was gone, dis tin. gniahing the clatter of a horse's hoofs on the hard road leading to Northampton. Grace was utterly bewildered and confused.- -There-was something not unpleasant tn tbe sei» sation too. Ion": ago, though she ' wai av good deal afraid of it, she had hugely admired that sternr enthusiastic \- nature, but tlie-image-of-another- h*d prevented the bu. pression ripening into any fa-ling deeper than interest and esteem.. ind. now to discover for a certainty, f bat she had 'suMug«)ted,tl)at¿tTOng,-'brave.heart, that the rebel warrior had been worshipping her. in. secret all those long months, in the midst of his,dangers and bis victories, that her in \- fluence had softened bis. rigour to many,* Royalist, and that i he had saved her < own dear old father, at Ñaseby for x,<r ' sakejr-all this was anything bat disagreeable tb that innate love o^ dominión jwhích exists in the gentlest of her sex, sod such a conquest as that ot the famous Parliamentary general (for lo tjiat rank 'George had speedily, risen) was one that any jromajiinight be proud of, and was indeed .'.si, soothing sal ve to her heart, wounded and mortified by, the. neglect of .another.-But then the danger - to that smote her withe 'chill sad:»¡ckéjinglapprehension.; ItJcould be pone bat , Búsville. that had .bees seen and suspected by the keen-eyed Parliamentarians. He might be a priamer even now, sad she shuddered aa übe reflected on the «bastly observation of .Effingham's about the nearest tree. Word by word she re. called íiís conversation, and the design upon th» King's liberty, which she had somewhat overlooked in the contera, plation ef more personal topics, assumed a frightful imper. Canoe aa she remembered that she was the depositary of thia important intelligence. What ought she to do,?..Though Effingham had' trusted her, he had exhorted no promise of aecrecy, and, as she had always been taught besides that her irst duty was towards ber Sovereign, there was hp time for consideration. What «fas to be done? The King wai ¡a danger-Bosville was 'hi danger-abd she ¿lone had tho knowledge, though without the power of prevention." What was she to do? What could Bhe do ? . 6he Was completely at her wit's end ! : , . : '. \- ' In this predicament Grace's proceedings wert character« iftic, if not Conclusive ; she first of all began to cry, and theil yesolved upon consulting Mary, and making ahelean breast of it,' which she felt would be an inexpressible relieff With 'this object she returned at once to the house, and hurried .without delay to her friend's chamber. ' '.. ' That lady's indisposition bad apparently sot been severe enough to cause her to go to bed. 'On'the contrary, she was sitting up, still completely dressed, and with ai wakeful, not to say harrassed expression on her counteoanoe which pre* . cloded all idea of. '. Sleep for many hours td come. Shs wei» corned Grace with some little astonishment, ' ber headache waa better, and it was kind of dear Grasey to'come and) . squire after ber 1 she was just going to bed-she had hem ?sitting np writing,*.she said.- i- . , .- , There'waa a sheet of paper on the table, only, it wu) blank. i * . Grace flung herself Into her arms, and had ' theory' fairly out, which had' been checked whilst she ran into the house. 0«And the thing" must be told,', sobbed .the agitated girl, when she bad detailed her unexpected 'meeting with Effing "ham,' and its startling results ; ' and father mustn't know it, .or it vnll all be worse than' ever ; he'll' he aiming' the servants and the few tenants that have got à horse left, and all the horrors will have to begin'again, and he'll be killed some day, Mary, I know he will. What shall I do ? - What shalt I do? , ' . ", ,, I marv » wjuruKo »ini.« ruoo m » uiiuouiij ; Oer DrOTT cleared now, and ber head, went np. " ' '. . . He mast not be told a word, and the King moat ! Laara ..that to roe; Graoey.* . ' . . ? ? Grace looked unspeakably comforted for a mftrnent, Int tb« tide ot ber trouble* surged in agajn irresistibly, aa lie thought of the suspected fisherman add the noose at the) nearest tree. . ir , , ,,. ; ...... »But Bosville, Mary-Bosville - thfnk'of him,' cloie hy here, andthose savages hunting for bim ; and thirsting for bia blood., Ob i Mary, 1 munt save him, and I seift .yfhú can.be done? advise me, Mary-advise me, , If a hair of hi» head is hurt 1 shall never sleep in peace again ' . ¡ . j : . «I wish, we had stopped and spoken to bim to-day,a observed Mary, abstractedly; 'and vet it might, only hare compromised him, and done no good.', ,' r Grace .looked, up, sharply through her. tears. ', '¿¡d jon know it waa Bosville, Mary, in l bat disguise ? : So did I '?" . , Notwithstanding Mistres Cave's self-command, a shadow as pf great pain passed , over her countenance. It fadei, .nevertheless, as quickly as it came.' She took Grace's batu) in her own, and looked quietly and sadly in the girl's weep, rog.faa. > ,, , , , , .,. . i ,,, ' ' , . . . Do yon love him, Gracey V she said, very fientiv, and with a sickly, sort of smile. , ? , .<? .,. ? ,.Grace'soulyanswer was.to hide ier.face between, her baads and BOD as if her heart would break. ? , ? 1 ill she had sobbed herself to ' sleep in her. chamber, her friend never left her.. It was midnightrereihp returned to . ber own room, and dotted the blank, sheet of .papor, .with» fe w short words in . i i plier. ? When, this .vrai, done, Marj leaned her.head, upon ber hand, and pondered long, aid earnestly. ? - -. Y We have all read! of the pearl of great7.price in the holy parable, and how, when, the seeker had found it, he went and sold all that he had, and bought it land made .it his own. [ Lightly he thought of friends, and fame, 8Jid. forton e,oom ? pared to the treasure of his. heart.' We have often imagined /the weary Idck of biter desolation , which f would have orer spread his features, could be, have. seen that pearl shivered i into fragments; the one essential- object of bis Ufeiexistent no more-th« treasure destroyed; and. with it the heart abo. .Such a look was on Mary's paie face as she sat by her bad» aide watching for the.first flush of the summer dawn.'. < i ?t !.-..:-.1 ..!.:. .? < (Xo he edntinvud.) ? . "'. SHOCKING DIUTB AT LAXEÏ - On Saturday morning lait.'Laxej, Isle o,f Mun, waa thrown into a; state of sx. eitement from the body of a m un being found , dose to the abutment of , the bridge over, the'rlr'pr there, ¿n ib« north side of.tlfe' stream. .The depth ¡h>¡ b >dj bad/alien "was above forty feet, and of course, déath must bsta been instantaneous. It waa soon di odvered ibat th» -body-waa (hst of-Thoma» Cbristisn, ihe-osptain of - th's :sloop Dee, of Ramsey.J-The/'deceaaad Ltd-only osen'r/f* onad .from ,a watery grave'on the Saturday nightpre« vious, on which ocosaioa George , Quayle,.its pilotai ' La rey, exerted himrelf in such a m«uc<r aslo, call for . especial noiioe., Alongiwitb assistance be got! tafe to ¡landau the crew of .the Dee, which, for safety, hid been rna ashore on Laxej beacb. ,?, In leas ,than one shot! week after this* Christian met wiiiv bia death hj: filling over ,the. *a|l in,,'question,. ; Tbe parapet wall of, th» bridge at tbe part where-dpceasfd fejl off it four fest > nina inches in heighty eod,about. t.»o feet in-width on i tbe top., . Tbe > deceased ;when last BefD, wa-in liquor, and the coroner'si jory returned a sird|ot,to..tbefoUaw> ; ting^ieffeot:-r"3?hat .¡the .deathjof^tbe; .said.- lhoatl i Christian was caused by injuries be sastsjned, by filling 5 to the around from the. wal) on tbe.inor,th>east side of | the-bridge across tbe South -GleD,~near-Laieyron tie j 4th day of January instant Ï hilt hdwiot by >bal'niMn» - bd came upon the eeid wat)»hero ia.no evidence kefes j . aa to ehow.r-r-r jronja'* BtraloW.- . « ,il "i. -V . . I :!; A-FaABJDL LXAP.-Colonel, Moore,, while oommand- | >ing tba troopa in Dominica,'! Wt his way one evening 3 after sunset., As, in utwr darkness, be was endearonr* J -ing to g t heme, he came to several little imperceptible j úbjeets, wbiob'> ha forced ¡his. boris lo err}»».' I Shortly J i afterwards tbs animal stopped et one wbiob he seetoli partioalarly afraid of. Tbe soldier, unwilling to hslt o« . tween ¡two opinions, but, OB tr^e contraiy,,d¡etframed.to proceed, as he tbongbt, straight towards bis borne, »I | almost ,fall speed rode at i the unkpowa imp-dime"! . Several times in vaÚ3, until tba animal.ííarrendering bis inatinotive fears,, and possible knowledge to the sport that were propelling bim, with a viojept^amp into tts air cleared the little low hedge, for anc' it proved tool» bouBdjng that awfal precipice wbiob, like e-wall, wa n'ectfd the, upper story or table-land df tn'é í»labd «ta thé ocean wbiob. in solemn darkness reigned ¡begíath lr. Colonel Moore states tbat daring hi» pjssag» on'borse» baok 'through the air almost every event of his life, large as well as »mall, at about the raté» of tb» «leotrts uélegrapbj which transmita' it» ideas We hundred ana | eighty thousand miles in a second, flanb-d sotos» a» | mind aa distinctly and ia/vividly aiif they w»re reearrmg. . By a eoTt of- clairvoyance1 of 'which : ir> medical snoais : there exist recorded Several similar instances, he sa» ali J that in bia lifetime he had done or left undone, sod w»» | thinking, seriatim, of almost every friend «nd rulstlve, | when.'in sn inBtant, all the»e bright fiery thought» « m tbê"pâst, preseot, or future tenses of bis existence D«| -as esme extinguished by a concussion wb/cb, dt,P'1T'Dg.TÎr ^ of his senses, left him with his IegB in lbe «ea tna nis wgm .bodron »berocks, apparently dead.~TÄ« Bari» <u»a'»ls Hj A SIBONO I'rnnoN -Tho Kew York Fxatniner, ia *" B ar liol e ,npou the secession movement, mdu/ges in tia K following rather strong remarks :'-We lava oar | country, itsconejti^ution, and the government wi iîh tia 1 constitution establishes. We believe it to be tha very I test government on ear th; and~it ii the dot/Of every | patriot and cf every friend cf civil and religion» liberty I throughout the world ' to do all ín'hií power to pre.srrs | it., .Wera oar great experiments to fail, the hopes ol th» Í civilised world wbultli be , destroyed,' end the ability of | man to govern himself would j aatly.be doubted. Tyrants | and all who govern by divine right-ill who, ss Jeffer. H son said, are born to ride booted and sparred upon lis S backs of the people-wsold rfji:ce in onr downfall, m The very devils ia their place of .tortore, weald triumph 9 in snob an' outrage upon human nature." . '. M Dissolute ministers, like nriskilfal horsemen, wa* f open a ßata on the wrong aide, may optai hésvení 1 others and shot tbemselveso it. 1 