OUR AMERICAN CORRESPONDENCE. 22 Street, New 'Sork, May 1st. You, no doubt, thought it extraordinary that my usual correspondence did not reach you last month as usual. I must cry 'Peccavi' for my neglect in omitting through you to put my Australian friends, and fellow countrymen, au courant of the issue now on the point of being decided in the States ; but events have followed each other with such rapidity for the last two months, they have been so over whelming, so absorbing, the interest taken in them by every one Having at nearitne integrity of his adopted country, and who is now called upon by the most powerful motives by which man can be influenced to use his most strenuous efforts to preserve intact the Constitution handed . down by the great fathers of American inde pendance has been so great, that I frankly con ? fess the obligation I was under of sending you a few hasty sketches of the condition and pros pects of the Catholics in America entirely es caped my memory until it was too late to re medy the evil. Some of the- brightest pages in the history of America are illustrations of Irish bravery and statesmanship exercised in all the wars, and in many of the Congresses of the nation. It is not necessary now to enumerate the contents of these honourable records, they are indelibly stamped upon the history of the country, and are immortal tributes to the valour and eloquence of the Ca tholic adopted citizens exultingly given fo the service of the American Republic. The Irish adopted citizens are true, to a man,, to the Constitution. No exception to the ancient character of their race, will now be discovered. This is their real country. The government of the United States is their favorite system of national policy. They have taken a solemn oath to be loyal to America against all other nations in the world. Here they flourish in all \- their undertakings. Here they are deeply fixed ?with their wives and families, whom they sup port from the profits of their permanent engage ments, in the various pursuits of business in the State. Here are rooted all their hopes of hap piness, honor, and emolument, from farming, from commerce, from artisanship, fi'om public toiling, from politics, and from the professions. They have too much at stake here—too mnch of their honor, and too much of their other in terests — to be traitors to the couutry. They liave never thought of speaking against it ; — they have never looked on its flag without pride ; they have never suffered it to be insulted with impunity, either by Englishmen or any one else in their presence; — they have never been aboli tionists, and the abolitionists are the real sources of all our troubles ; — they have fought for it again and again :— -and they will not now prove themselves to be traitors. They did not vote for Mr. Lincoln ; but they will support the Constitution. 'When the troubles commenced, the Irish Bishops were the first to commend pious alle giance to the Union. All the Catholics of the country — and nearly all of them are Irish— res- ponded with patriotism to that noble suggestion. The solemn Sundajr, and just at the commence ment of the most solemn part of their religion, ?was the day and the hour at which they were advised to repeat their vows of devotion on the altar of the country, and cheerfully they did so. The Catholic Church has always countenanced loyal submission to legitimate rule; and in this, as in every other principle, no people listen so readily to that infallible guide, as the Irish. All the Irish soldiers in the unseceded States have declared themselves ready to stand by the Stars and Stripes ; their declarations have been accepted; and all their race exults in their spirit. There are Irishmen in the seceded States? What then? This: that they are deeply sorry for the almost certain disruption of a government, for which their countrymen before them fought, and under which them selves have thrived, prospered, flourished ; that they are in no way accountable for the troubles of the day ; and that in the South, where every paper, every voice, every law, every private citizen and every soldier, are for the overthrow of the Federal Government, they cannot be blamed for being obedient to Southern prin ciples, Absolute necessity hangs over their heads, At bottom, they are true patriots — people devoted to the entire country ; but it is impossible for them — and the attempt would be foolish — to turn the scale for either North or South. But wherever they are, they will show themselves true men; and as Hitherto, they have honoured and benefitted all countries in which they have settled, nothing is more certain than that no stigma will appear on tbeir character in the annals, that shall yet describe the present American revolution. The men who are at the head of this rebellion are an aristocratic minority who consider that all the honors of public station, all the emolu ments of office are theirs by hereditary right. Though a minority in the Democratic party, they have insolently insisted upon ruling it. Whenever any man in that party stood up man fully against their unfounded pretensions, they employed every means to crush him. When the majority of the party claimed to rule it, these men seceded from it and broke it up. They broke up the Charleston Convention because they could not rule it. A minority, they claimed to govern their party, and through their party to govern the Union. Their p^rty resisted their despotic sway, and now, not being able to rule the Union, they endeavour to break it up. I verily believe that within two years this rebellion will be totally crushed out. I think the final death- stroke will be given to Secession by the outraged people of the Seceded States themselves, and that the Union will, instead of being dissolved, be re- tempered and made stronger than ever. This Secession movement is but the work of one party : the party of Aris tocrats who have hitherto monopolized, as heir looms, seats in Congress and the State Legisla tures, and every official distinction. Their do mestic opponents will not be sorry to have an opportunity afforded them of achieving official distinction by the destruction of this despotism of caste. But if through lack of energetic effort on the part of the Government, ? through unforeseen calamities and unexpected reverses, the struggle should be prolonged, we must be ever ready to sacrifice everything in defence of the Union and the Constitu tion. For ourselves, through weal or woe, in victory or iu defeat; we declare our unfaltering devotion to the Stars and Stripes, and will uphold them to the death. We never want to live under any other flag in these States, than that under which we have grown to manhood, and learned to know what Freedom is. The departure of the Sixty-ninth (Irish) Regi ment on the 23rd ult., to defend the National Capital was the occasion of an immense demon stration which, at least in the expression of en thusiasm, exceeded the ovation that marked the departure .of the favourite Seventh. So jajimed was Broadway that the march of the regiment was obstructed, and their departure delayed by the almost impossibility of moving through the vast crowd. Expedients were tried to relieve Broadway, such as sending off a Company with music by another route, but those who were thus diverted from the main line of march were not even missed. The 3tores, the windows, and the roofs of the houses all along Broadway, the balconies of the Hotels, and other buildings, were thronged with ladies and gentlemen, and the arrival of the head of the column was the signal for cheering and waving of handerchiefs, continued with enthusiasm until the whole regi ment had passed. The Sixty-ninth left in the highest spirits. In fact they were about the jolliest body we have yet seen depart. The regiment is com posed of fighting material of the very best des cription, stalwart fellows capable of going through the fatigues and privations of a cam paign, without prejudice to their hardy consti tutions. The drill and discipline of a few months' active campaigning will make them active soldiers that will be very troublesome to : the enemy. Colonel Corcoran, who is in command, is . ' exceedingly popular with his countrymen, and ! this popularity was enhanced at least 20 per cent, by the triumphant manner in which he j emerged from the troubles which surrounded him. When the 69th offered its serviees to the Government, the Court-Martial which had been : summoned to try the Colonel for disobedience of orders was dismissed, and he was restored to his command. No sooner did he issue a call for volunteers than his recruiting office was be sieged by applicants who were anxious to serve their country under his orders. Had the Colonel been called upon for an entire brigade, he could have been supplied them in the same time and with less trouble than- he has furnished 1,000 men. At half-past six the Adger steamed away from the dock amid the most uproarious cheer ing. The Harp of Erin floating beside the Stars and Stripes in perfect union, and will do so throughout the present struggle. If more troops are needed by the Government the adop ted citizens of Irish birth of this city will fur nish five times the number they already have done. The followiug are the officers of the 69th Regiwnt : — Colonel — Michael Corcoran. ?; Lieut. Colonel — Robert Nugent. Major — James Bagley. Surgeon — Robert Johnson. ? Assistant-Snrgeons — John Kiernan, Patrick Nolan. „ Engineer — J. B. Kirker. Chaplain— Rev. James Mooney, Pastor of St. Bridget's Church. ? Captains — James Haggerty, Thomas Lyneh, James Kavanagh, Thomas Clark, Patrick Kelly, J. Bressien, F. Duffy, James Kelly, and Coonan. Mrs. Judge Daley presented the gallant 69th with a beautiful silken standard of the National colors, to which she and the following ladies : Mrs. Garriok. Mrs. M'Mahon, Mrs, Mulligan, Mrs. Conley, Mrs. O'Connor, Mrs. Quirk. Miss Kate M'Carthy, Miss Mary A. Conley, Miss Emma Lantry, Miss Millie Lane, Miss M. Gallagher, and many others had subscribed. A committte was appointed to purchase the flag, composed of the following gentlemen : — Messrs, Garrick, Mulligan, and Quirk. From the Auburn Democrat I learn that the Catholic Church in that city was the scene of an unusuul speetacle on Sunday last. The dis course of Rev. Mr. Creedon was replete with the inspiration of patriotism. At the conclusion of its delivery, he remarked that there were but three classes composing his congregation — those who loved the country of their adoptio and were ready and willing to take up arms ^ its defense and preservation ; those who were disqualified from age, or whose family tir Jg WQre such as to forbid their absence from ho me . an(j those who were either traitors to tb'^-j. count or .craven cowards and dare not figV^t. From the first class he called for vo!untee/s t0 come for ward and enroll their names r,n(i enter the ser vice of their country to figUt her battles and defend the honor of the flag -jf the United States. Owen Gavigan would be their Captain. Up wards of sixty stout-hearted, strong-handed young. men responded to the call, proceeded to the Church, signed the roll, immediately formed in double line, and raising the national flag took up tbeir line of march from the Church in the centre of the street, up North to Genesse thence to State-street, and proceeded to the' Armory where they were formally enrolled as volunteers. The Jackson Guards (Irish Regiment), Chicago, at their recruiting, station, No. 1, Clark street, have enrolled 47 men, 20 of whom signed the muster roll. The Mahony Guards, at the same place, have 14, 11 obtained yesterday. The Shields Guards, Company A, is already filled, and Company B enrolled. 20. The officers of the former company are : Captain, Quirk ; Orderly Sergeant, J. Fitzgerald. The station of Captain Walsh (Irish Regiment), under the new Sherman House, enrolled 30 men, making about 1 i ? ? ' sixty already enlisted. Captain Casey's com pany, whose opening we mentioned yesterday, has its ranks filled, and removed to Quinn'8 chapel. At the station, No. 18 Clarke street, 18 men for the Irish Regiment were enrolled in one day. The war feeling in Wisconsin is intense. I have no doubt President Lincoln could, raise 20,000 men in this state for actual service, within thirty days. Twenty-four hours after Gov. Randall issued his proclamation calling on the State for one regiment of soldiers to assist the President of the United States in enforcing the laws, more than three regiments were offered. There are six companies in this city drilling day and night almost. Two of them form a part of the first Regiment and are ready to march when their destination is ascertained. One of these companies has heretofore been called an Irish company — it is now composed of Irish, Germans, and Americans. They are all glorious good fellows and will render a good account of themselves. They gave three rousing cheers last night for the Massachussetts Vol unteers, and expressed their deep regrets that they were not with them in Baltimore to share their dangers. In money matters Wisconsin is not less patriotic. Two or three of our banks took tho 200,000 dols. bonds issued by the State at par. In this city at one meeting nearly 8,000 dols. were subscribed by our citizens to take care of the families of those who volunteer. The examination of the pupils of St. Vin cent's Academy last week closed the annual inspection of the Christian Brothers' Schor jft in this city. Taking all the schools into ' S ? . . . ' . oon1--- sideration it is amazing to see what a vast ber of children are receiving the ble? ? «-.. l ?? ' jSings oi sound education at the hands of the ^, . .. Brothers. Extending our view V -, v ... „ , , . . ,, r, jeyond New York, we find them in all the erre . . . «... „ . . ,, _ , , . ° ,at cities of the Uuion, in the Canadas and indr . „ „ ., , jed all over Ame rica. How many thousands , „ ,.„ „ j it. n are saved from a life of crime and perhaps r . , ., ,. , , , r. .rom eternal ruin by the continued labours of - ,,-,,... t- n Tin wu -ii i e n 'he Christian Brothers. What the Church of G- , . ... , 3 . , ., jS. owes to their untiring zeal and assiduity n , , , . ,. , ..... , .one but God himself can know, yet it is no . , „ T ' l ... t altogether unseen of men. In Catholic cour . ° i. i 4.1, ? jtnes where religious proces sions take tneii and the difiV ' ™* throuSh tho PubIlC *?***- ' , r .. c jrent communities- are seen in the habits of , . , _ ir , ,, warm fer' their or(36TS- I well remember the the a-- jiing elicite(3 bv tue siSht of tbe Br0 , / j they passed along in their homely, old , i j. costume, carrying the mind back to the a5 -s of their venerable founder. It is impossible / describe tbe affection e/itertained for the M-erSs in France and in Catho/j0 Canada, and the Christian element will always predominate - where they have such hold on the natio. Vfi heart' The Annual Examination of tbe Pare ^M*1 ' Schools and St. Vincent's Academy during tu^ past weeks gave entire satisfaction to the friends of the Institute. Even apart from the religious advantages of tho Christian Schools, they com pare favourably with any other primary or pre' paratory schools known to me. When I see small boys of nine or ten years old able to pass a creditable examination in Grammar, ' Geo graphy, Arithmetic, Algebra, Geometry, Mensn ration, aud Book-keeping, I cannot but admire the amount of care and attention bestowed upon them, in order to bring them to such proficiency in those various branches. In the languages too, many of the boys appeared to have made considerable progress. Pieces were recited on the several evenings of the examination in French, German and Latin. The English re citations in prose and poetry were most of them very good and the subjects haPpilv chosen. I was much pleased to hear the pupils of the Academy on one of the evenings of their exami nation sing 'Our National Flag,' with ^ SZTV arS &nd; f dpes ™*ng about their heads. The music, both vocal and instrumental was very goodfor such juvenile performers ; ^ fav0Ured the audience with Some morceanz which elicited much applause, among them were seve ral pieces performed on the piano and violin in very good style. The Brothers, and also the parents andfriohds of the pupils, had reason to be ploasod with the general proficiency displayed in the various branches during these examinations. At the request of the Most Rev. Archbishop ¥?? Hughes the. American flag -was suspended from St. Patrick's Cathedral, on Saturday last, by ex-Alderman Carolin of the Fourteenth Ward, and greeted 'with immense enthusiasm by the people of the neighbourhood. Cheers were given for the Stars and Stripes, the Union, and the old Cathedral. The Archbishop also had the Union flag fljing from his residence in Mul berry street on Sunday. There were one hundred an? thirty confirmed in St. Xavier's Church, by the Most Bev. Arch bishop, on the morning of 21st ult., and two hundred and eighty-six in the Cathedral in the afternoon. On 23rd there were thirty-six con firmed in St. Martin's Church, Brosvn County, of whoa twenty-five were youths of the congre gation and eleven pupils of the Academy of the TJrsuline Sisterhood. The same morning, three Sisters, one born in the vicinity of the convent, another in Germany, and another in Ireland, made their profession. In the afternoon the parochial schools of the Sisters of Charity at Fayetteville were visited by the Archbishop, accompanied by Eev. Mr. Cbeymol, and Kev. Mr. Tappert. The same afternoon the new Church of the Holy Ghost at Vera Cruz, two miles east from Fayetteville, was visited. It will soon be opened under the pastoral care of Rev. Mr. Tappert, who knows and speaks En glish, French, and German well. The Eight Rev. Eugene O'Connell, lately con secrated Bishop of Marysville, arrived a few days ago from Dublin. I am happy to state that he is in the enjoyment of good health. The Eight Rev. Bishop having since his absence from California, acted in the capacity of Dean of the Missionary College of All Hallows, Dublin. He was complimented by a large number of priests ? of this diocese, formerly students of that insti : tution, with a dinner. At the same time an : address and purse were presented to him. He ?was accompanied by Rev. Francis Joseph Blake, was formerly President of Newry Seminary, and lately Curate of St. Michael's and John's, Dub lin. He left Ireland with Bishop O'Connell, and ? -will proceed with that prelate to MarysTille( where we understand he is to officiate. The ' Doctrine of Confession' was the sub ject of a discourse delivered at the Church of ,S.t. Gabriel, East Thirty-sixth street, between First arid Second avenues, 00 last Sunday evening, by that eloquent divine, Rov. Dr. Cabill. The Church was crowded to, its utmost ; capacitj', notwithstanding that the seats ?were removed from more than two-thirds of the in terior. The Rev. Doctor; began by giving a: highly-colored picture of the enormity of sin, the effect it has on the soul, the abhorrence in which it is held by God, and the great evils which it has been the means of bringing into the world — then contrasting it with that happy state in which the human race would have been had not Adam brought sim into the world ; and he also showed the contented state in which the soul of the just always must be while it is in communion with its Maker. Having thus portrayed in the most graphic and eloquent manner the terrible consequences of sin, the Eev. gentleman then laid before his hearers the only way by ?which they ean be for given in this world— -that way being Confession. He traced the origin of Confession back to the Old Law, in the Book of Numbers, and making that his starting point, brought it down step by step, producing proofs to convince the most sceptical that Confession was established by our Saviour, and the full power to administer the Sacrament of Penance was conferred by Him on His Apostles, and that it was to be transmitted by them to their successors for all generations to the end of time. ? During the delivery of the sermon the audience gave the learned Doctor the most breathless attention ; but on some occasions during some of the most eloquent passages it ?was impossible for them to l-estrain their feel , ings, and they became visibly affected. In concluding the Doctor hoped that he would have the pleasure of preaching the first sermon on the altar of Father dowry's new Church, and paid an eloquent and exceedingly well-merited compliment to the Pastor of St. Gabriel's Church, Eev. Father Clowry. On Thursday, the 11th April, the imposing caromony of the profession of five Sisters of the ? Order of Mercy took place at St. Ann's Church Manchester. The Right Rev. Dr. Bacon .received the Sisters' solemn vows during the High Muss, whioh was celebrated by Rev. P. Cuddihy, Rov. D.Walshe, Deacon ; Rev. A. L. Roche, Sub- [ deacon ; Rev. Win., McDonald, Master of Oermo nies. The Rev. P. O'Beirne, of Roxbury, and Eev. Quinnau, of Halifax, wore in attendance. At Oi A.M., the procession moved from the ? convent, the cross bearer first, followed by a ' number of. the young ladies of the Academy, ? attired in simple white and flowing ropes, with wreaths of flowers, bearing testimony, by their becoming demeanor, to their sen^e of the sol emnity of the ceremony, and respectful affection for those who had voluntarily devoted themselves to their service. The t Bishop's sermon on the occasion was most eloquent and instructive, expatiating at some length on the beneficial effects of the works of mercy on society in general, and highly ex tolling the virtue and merits of the good Sisters, who had, in the season of the world's brightest prospects, wisely chosen the ' better part.' Their names in religion are— Miss Kate Keogh of Dublin, Sister Mary Stanislaus Xavier ; Miss Elizabeth Jennings, Dublin, Sister Mary Joseph Xavier ; Miss Margaret Neville, New York, Sister Mary Agnes Patricia ; Miss Madelaine Bjrne, Mobile, Sister Mary Francis Xavier; Miss Anna Maria Kelly, Dublin, Sister Mary Aloysius Xavier. 