MY HOLIDAY. [CONCLUDED,] (From the Sydney Mail, September 14,) THE evening passed over swiftly, many a wild legend of which Barranjuee was the scene of action, being recounted. There were tales of bushrangers who had made this mountain their resort and the receptacle of their plunder. Much of the latter is said to be still concealed in the crevices and caverns of the rock; and many have been the infatuated individuals who have come no one knew whence, and have gone none have known whither, who for days and weeks have haunted the spot, searching amongst the ghibbers for the fancied hidden richses of the now passed away outlaws, or groping about the sands in the expecta- tion of finding some of the "plants" of the smugglers, who, prior to the establishment of the custom-house station at Barranjuee, made the many coves of Broken Bay a regular place of resort. There were also stirring descriptions of savage strife and conflict, between the Colo men, one of the largest and most warlike of the aboriginal tribes, and the native denizens of Barranjuee; the former being in the habit of enlivening their fishing expeditions to the bay with an occasional foray into the lands of their bitterest enemies, the Barranjuees, until at last, by dint of these continuous struggles, the latter tribe had been all but annihilated, and their women carried away captive. Seeing that my gentle public has dealt so favourably with me as to patiently suffer the infliction of these my rambling recollections, I may, perhaps, at some future hour of leisure, place before them, the choicest of these tales of bygone days for their amusement. Barran- juee is peculiarly rich in legends, connecting it with the lawless and crime-stained history of the past, and demands a chronicler to bring forward its claims to the notice of the present, and to withdraw it from the neglect and oblivion into which it has sunk in these days of law and order. Though my feeble pen may not be the worthiest to frame the record, yet, wanting the abler chronicler, perchance the willing one may be acceptable. The next morning we set our faces homewards. Seeing that we were now ot the extreme verge of the peninsula, and that no further advance could be made, it followed as a matter of necessity that we should counter-march, or, in bush parlance, take the back track. With regret we bid fare- well to the denizens of the station, as we could willingly, if time had been allowed us; have passed several days in exploring the hoary monarch of the range-old Barranjuee. But it was not to be. Our time was up ; and, to paraphrase the language of that celebrated ghost from whom I have before quoted : Mine hour had almost come When I to lengthy and tormenting speeches "Must render up myself. We followed along the back track as far as Collins', bidding John Chinaman good morning as we passed, and having a shot at another crane at the head of the bay by the huts, this time inducing the infantine squalling instead of allaying it as on the first occasion. Ariived at Collins', we passed the back of his hut, crossed a deep sluggish creek by means of a half rotten log, that bent and swayed and threatened at each step to break and give us a ducking, and then dashed into the bush towards the main line of range that we knew extended from Lush's up this point. It was weary work, with our loads on our backs, to toil through the thick scrub and up the steep face of the mountain range, in the warm sun, that now shone down upon us, hot and unclouded ; but we had our reputa- tion at stake. We had wandered and travelled, and shot, and had nothing to take home in evidence of our prowess and our wood craft ; and this dive into the mountains wa8 a sort of forlorn hope, the last re- resource we had to protect us against the unmitigated chaffing that we knew we should receive if we re- turned empty handed. At last we gained the crest of the ridge, and then steadily and laboriously did we pursue our way, beating up the hill sides and gullies, in the hope of coming across some wallabi more dar- ing than his fellows, who would brave our redoubtable gun-barrels. Yet neither bush, nor brake, nor jungle hollow, nor rocky crest, was inclined to stand to us, for not a tail of wallabi did we see, though at times we could hear them beating off in the distance before our advance. In this way we ran along the range for at least eight or nine miles, passing on our way many a deserted location, on which the huts and fencing were fast falling to decay, and the orchard trees were running to wildness by luxuriance. Many a sawyer's pit and shingle splitter's stand were, also seen, the only marks of recent life to be found near them being the wallabi tracks which on every side surrounded them. At last a curling smoke a-head showed us to be near a habi- tation, and we consequently hurried on with renewed vigour, the dinner hour being fast approaching. What was our horror, however, on finding, when we had reached the edge of the gully and could look down upon the clearing, that we had come upon the scene of our unfortunate wallabi shooting adventure, and that we had ventured almost within range of the tongue of the ancient dame to whom we had not given the bottle of grog. Shall I tell with what wonder- ful unanimity we all turned upon our heels at this sight, or with what lengthened strides we once more faced up the hill and headed the long gulley which separated and protected us from our dreaded enemy? No : my reader, if he has sym- pathised with my misadventure, will easily conceive all this. Having crossed the range, we made our way down the other side, and soon struck the path leading to Lush's, reaching that hospitable mansion without accident of any kind, and without our propinquity being made known to our foe by even so much as the barking of a dog. Here we took our dinner and a spell of rest, and thence once more en route for Sydney. We travelled over precisely the same line as we had followed in coming up, and this time waded through Narrabeen without that amount of torture that I had been put to on my first passage, although there was now about three times the expanse of water that there had been on the former occasion. The same identical lot of sand pipers seemed to be disporting themselves on the sand, and I dare say the same lot will be seen by any one who may be crossing there fifty years hence-just as numerous, just as active in running, and just as unapproachable. After crossing the lagoon, we found that the bank on the southern side was very wet and muddy, making it altogether impossible to put on one's boots, on account of our not being able to wash the mud off out feet, so we determined to travel on to the next waterhole barefooted, there to perform our pedal ablutions and boot in comfort. I had forgotten to mention that, the last two days having been fine and dry, Tom had not had the vast amount of difficulty about his boots that he had had at the outset of our campaign, the more particularly as he had through- out been exceedingly attentive to the lubricating process in connection with them. He had conse- quently taken them off with comparative ease, prior to entering Narrabeen! By comparative ease, I mean that by a long pull, a strong pull, and a pull alto- gether by Nat, Tom, and I, they had come off ; and then Tom had consigned them to Nat, whilst he waded up stream to look after the sandpipers. Of course he might as well have crossed at once, for the sandpipers ran away very much faster than he could follow. But, with regard to the boots : when we decided to go on, Tom was somewhat in the rear, and so soon as we had passed over the mud and got on to the grass, Nat threw the boots down upon the track, singing out to Tom to announce his having done so. Hearing Tom shout in reply, we thought all was right, and trudged on, as comfortably as men with bare feet could be expected to do, on the look out for a waterhole. We had to go fully a mile and a-half, that is up to the old cultivation ground on the edge of which we had camped the first night of our expedition, before we found a suitable spot to cleanse and dry our feet. Arrived here, this part of the ceremony was soon performed, and we then lay back on the grass, and smoked our pipes, awaiting Tom's return. After the lapse of a quarter of an hour, he came limping up in most agon- ising style, and then seated himself surlily by the waterhole, giving only very short gruff answers to the questions put to him. This did not astonish us, as we knew that he was not very lively upon his pins when his extremities were not cased in leather. " Come, Tom," at last, I said, " on with your boots, man. Its getting late." , " My boots ! " he replied, " and where are they ?" "Where are they ! Havn't you got them ? "-put in Nat. " No," Tom answered, " didn't I give them to you to carry?" ' "And didn't I put them down when we crossed the lagoon, and didn't I tell you of it ?" responded Nat. Upon this followed a mass of explanation, inter-- mingled with growling and strong expressions of opinion on the part of Tom, with regard to conduct such as that of which Nat had been guilty. It seemed that Tom had not paid attention to the shout inform- ing him of the deposition of the boots, that he had consequently left them on the, track, and that he thought we had gone on ahead with them, for the pur- pose of trotting him out a bit, and that that had been the cause of the grumpy mood in which he had come up to us. The explanations ultimately ended in giving satis- faction to everybody, except only that they did not bring back the boots. They were left behind on the track, and somebody must get them. Tom couldn't go, he was already too crippled with his walk ; and. Nat, consigning the boots to the bottomless pit, de- clared most emphatically that he wouldn't go. There was nothing left for it then but that I must go ; so, making the best of a bad bargain, I stipulated with. Nat that if I fetched them he should alone aid Tom to put them on. This being agreed to, I started off, breathing to myself anathemas upon this constant source of trouble and annoyance. At last I reached the spot where Nat had deposited them, and there they stood, as quiet and as imperturbable as if they hadn't given me a three-mile walk, that I had no right to take. I felt bitter towards those boots, and I admit that I pelted them savagely with lumps of mud, for there were no stones at hand, and that I kicked them along before me for two or three hundred yards until I perfectly tired myself with the exertion. I then took them up and made the best of my way to where Tom and Nat awaited me, my mind very con- siderably relieved by the satisfaction I had taken out of the uppers. When I came up, I threw the offend- ing articles down at Tom's feet, shouldered my swag, and, with a grim smile of recrimination at Nat, told him that I should walk on whilst he helped Tom to put them on. His intense look of horror and alarm is not to be described by words ; even the pencil of a Doyle or a Leech, or a Gill would fail in conveying its full force. Stern in my resolves of vengeance, I marched away, leaving Tom and Nat to struggle alone with fate and the boots. I had pased Miss Jenkins', and had even crossed the Deewy bridge before my companions came in sight, and then the scowls that appeared upon their visages told of what they had gone through. It was a long while before peace was restored amongst us, but, at last, they gave in, and laughed as heartily as I did myself at their thorough discomfiture. In fact, Nat honestly confessed that he would lather have walked back for the boots half a dozen times than have un- dergone the penalty of assisting in putting them on. "And, as for me," said Tom, "they're on now; and they don't leave my feet again till I get home." " What about the Curl Curl lagoon,"! asked. " I'll chance it ! " replied Tom ; " they don't come off again." "We both applauded Tom's spirit, for we had already had in apprehension a scene.on the other side of Curl Curl similar to that which had been enacted after the passage of Narrabeen. We were now relieved of this dread, and, as we had now had definitely the last of the boots, the final remnants of annoyance vanished, and, with laugh and joke and many & re- miniscence of our past days of travel, we went over , the ground already described in our up-journey, and passed through the confused farm yard and by the piggeries to the Curl Curl, or Manly lagoon, which Tom, true to his promise, entered boots and all, and made his way to the other side, whilst we, with a less troublesome chaussure preferred to have our boots dry, and so removed them before entering the water. Mounting the hill on the southern bank of the lagoon, our eyes were once more gladdened with .the sight of the giant coffee-pot—I beg pardon—Kangaroo, which we now looked upon as an old friend, as well as a beacon set up to lead us and to welcome us back to the civilisation which we had so long quiitted for a territory wild, barbarous, unvisited, and unknown. Here, by rights, my adventures end, for it boots not to tell of how I got on board the steamer and came back to Sydney ; or of the wild Indian yell with ; which I was greeted by my youngsters on entering my own door. I cannot however, thus abruptly dismiss the gentle reader, who has followed me so far,—for gentle, indeed, and kind of heart must he have been to have allowed me to lead him through so much discursive and little interesting matter—I cannot part with him without thanking him for his patience in wading through these idle scribblings, and without hoping that though he may have gained but little profit by his reading, he may at least have derived from it some few moments of amusement. 