GAYNDAHV [FROM THE GHOST OF BAN BAN.] The arrival of the Hon. Western Wood from Brisbane has had a bnsinesR-like effect upon the qwd timet nf the place. At least 270 times have I been entreated to inform quest! Tiers of the object of his visit, and at least SCO times was compelled to answer '? Not sure.' Rumour had preceded him with the intelligence that he regarded hi* attendance at our approach, ing races as of far mere importance to the country than hit parliamentary jockeying was likely to he — a fuct 1 am in clined to dispute ; and that he might have good renson for forsaking the Senate, it is said for hi'ii tint he lias to person. any guarn nis staoies auring tne evenrriu «wk, It*st IIIH raciiig enemies again knock the speed nut of his horses hy'the novel artifice of beating a big drum, wh'cli (he snvs) they most maliciously resorted to last year. His own estimation of his senatorial services are very linmhle. then, fir no one with a grain of sporting information in this town attribute* to his mare and funny horse the shadow of a chance --f win nine a single 'sou.' For their former owner they made all they will ever make. The dmm, &c;, may be retained to give a false colouring to the object of his visit, hut I have it upon irrefragiMe evi dence that he has been sent up by tlie meteornus Mnekennie and lugubrious Haly to counteract the effects which their onu blunders and my exposure of their parliamentary mis. j conduct are working in tlie minds of their voting victims. ' He has seenrngly commenced liLs duties. Ac . hv taking upon himself a share of the blame due to the Postmaster General for Hist impndent derangement of the Clarence mail, which has led to the total derangement of all the others. : But his grand efforts are to be directed to getting np some excuse to the Gayndah people for the bare-faced farce which our members played in the Assembly on the I7th May. rela- ; tire to a sum of monev for repairing the road through our town. Really, the atmosphere of Brisbane has a marvellous effect upon the breathers of it, causing them to regard distant things nnd people in .1 queer light. Is it, however, 'possiffle : that either of our members, when advocating in the way they were guilty of — that grant — imagined that we were so tho- ; roughly idiotic as to be hoodwinked into the delnsion that : they wantoi to carry the vote ? or is it within miles of the 1 boundary of probability that we could .be humbugged into j thinking otherwise than that the whole affair was a pre arranged sham T The Colonial Treasurer, as guardian of the public purse, bad uo business to consent to the motion unless be wer° as sured of its iieetrnty and propriety ; and when once so assured sh'inld have insisted upon his colleagues agreeing there:o. or of their associating themselves with one whose counsels they could take. The whole of his conduct in reference to this district, and all the northern districts, goes to show that, he is always ready to make a sport of nnd sell us and them, for the sake of ingratiating himself with the Brisbane peop'e ; and no abler assistant eould we have found him than Am--ri. can bridge-building ITaly. Mr. Mackenfie was aware before hand that tliat motion would be opposed by all but himself and one or two others ; this I know. He may, or he may not. have confided the information to his colleague, hu* he did satisfy himself that his ministerial colleagues would dadRow it ; and I will dare him and defy him, in his next letter to his constituents, to say otherwise. Really, Haly after all is to be pitied. He is so bewildered by rite constant frangipanni of the iVilonial Secretary, the pretended confidentiaiism of the Attorney-General, and the assumed deference which his colleague mooks him with, that he really does not know, more* .than -half his time, what he is doing, much less what he is saying. As the nominee of the Upper Burnett men, whose interest* are not identical with ours, and whose feelings have always been inimical, he suits the Brisbauites tc at; and as the coadjutor of a man whose ereatest ambition is to be con sidered the staunchest upholder of Brisbane preponderance, he is all they could desire. But why should I trouble myself with repeating again -and agaiu that which every sensible constituent in this misrepre sented and cheated district is too well aware of The follow ing is a wonderfully correct copy of the instructions which the sporting back woodsman received in writing from his em ployers, and has vowed to carry out The original is ad dressed to 'Hon. Occidental Wood, M. II. F. P., and but for the power almost of omnipercipienre which I am obliged to ' possess. I daresay these extraordinary 'handles' would remain as unknown to die majority of your readers as the ; cuneiform characters are to the modern Babylonians. Jhey mean simply 'Member of the Happy Family Party,' and a worthy member be promises to be! These instructions are manifestly the composition of 'two individuals, and this 1 can likewise explain bj saying that thev were first drafted by the Nanango Pat, and then com. pleted by the ministerial hack. They commence in a strain which I forbear to repeat (for even a ghost can blush), and generally they appear to wear the real red tape garb. The serond page begins — ' And upon your landing at Mary borough you will instantly make it known that gentlemen do not read the ChrmueU 'or Courier.' This paragraph, '1 must pnuse iii my copying to say. evidently did not belong to the - document when it left Haly'* hands, is written in General j Post-Office ink, and gives rise to the gravest suspicion whe ther the seal was not l-roken ere it was inserted. 'You will \ tell the ' clique ' at Wide Bay. that they are brutes ' — (this is j dashed under and initialed K.B.M.)— 'that they don't know, i never did know, and never will know how to behave them- | selves : that they are an ignorant, quarrelsome,, malicious, ; slandering set. Tell them that their reception of Sir George ; F. B'wen he will never forget, and Was worthy of them ; tliat 1 they are a scribbling, disaffected* scurvy, grumbling lot— ' (initialled again) — and as far as we can, are determined to : pny them out. If they doubt our ability to injure and insult ; them, you can point to the grants of money tbey have not got, i to the enormous amount of justice they have, to the- present j postal performances, and to the municipality which sir George by our advice fastened on them in return for their kindness to him.' I must here call your notice to the ready way in which they conjointly, so far ao-} a little farther, issue their instructions. ' If you meet the Editor of the Chronicle, you will knock hiin down ; and if he dsres tft get up again, you c*n knock his eye out.' This paragraph is not penned in the most official hand of tlie two. ' If you come across any of the fellows who have written to or about either of us, you bad better ascertain what it is they really want ; 'and if promises .will keep tliem— like the Bnriiett men^— quiet, we hereby authorise you to moke any quantity on our behalf. Upon our business you need not remain long among such a set. When you reach that region of confidiug mortals wbich we represent, you must at once dissipate their hopes of hav ing another meeting on our account, by stating that we have muhintiy agreed from henceforth neither to write nor visit them; except in each other's company. If they appear dis appointed, you can improvise at once * a happy family party,' . call fof a dinen. of cUampagnc, and have it pat down to Stratbdee. Respecting our having done our duty to our con stituency vou khow best, and relying upon your convictions, and promises, we forbear to fetter yon with statements, which a file of spiteful newspapers might not substantiate, and probably your listeners would not understand. You know - ou agreed with tis ' that the Burnett was fully stocked, aud that after t/utfnnfoitunate discovery whiclioneot us made it was useless nt-Uing for an increase of expenditure for a non increasing district Look learned and add: Statistics show that there are less sheep, there npBr .thau in years .past, and thus say—: An its grazing, wbich are its-only. capabUUiet. be absolutely lessened (tide Baly's speech), *n increase of expen diture would actually be for decreased requirements.'' Through the whole of this unanswerable paragraph. Half's pen seems to have been drawn, but ofScial ink apparently restored it. Those wliich follow I cannot well -transcribe; they are corrected, blotted, interlined, and so filtered, that it ? is evident our worthy members vrere 'no loiijjjSr in- accord. Haly appears to have olgected to iilentiBdstidu with oar use less boon— which now goes by the. nBme of Mackenzie's Folly , ?—more on account of its style than from a twitch of conscience, I fear ; and Mackenzie wou't agree with naly's offer to get a sum of money placed upon the Supplementary Estimates to purchase a cap for our annual races, because it would bf. cutUug dittan ( places upon »n -equality with ths | neighbourhood' of Brisbane,- wh\fcU he dare not— his cro^ti wioin't — aUow.jtHuly's reason for itlfe.os good (quit?) — that there may be Kme-thing run for, to ropay|him for the- trouble of annually Tisiting his constituents. j . They wind up with numerous injunctions, and each sends ' tgn pounds fortbc Ghost Discovery Reward Fund ; most posi j tive -instruction a to tli^o Police' Magfstrate to have him appre : bended, their best wishes for the silence of the fatal drum, and death to ojie and all of their enemies. Iudeed the docu ' ment winds up very clumsily. Bertorii has an iuUlihg^of i what's going on — or, as he says, is on tho -jti' tiive — and is ? busy composing a new poem to counteract this scheme of hi6 i political victors. 2t b'.-irins thus, I believe, and s.o far is according to Milton and Pope : — ' Through the ' Wood.' from the ? Wood,' listen and hear us, We who hav^ pntte 1 liim so on the back ;» Send him to show yon tlie good you should bear us, Bridge- bttilding Haly, aud Moreton Bay Mac. Derry down, down, down, derry down. So shopkeepers bold, snobs and tailors likewise, Drinkers — not thinkers — dhideroo whack. Senator Western will give you replies For enemy Haly and the Governor's hack. Derry down, down, Sic.' Gayndah, 10th June. ; 