IMPnOMPIIJ STAO IIIIXI. Dear. Bki.l, — Mr. Bear, of Darcbin creek, having lost some deer from an enclosure near his residence, and tho neighbouring farmers reporting that they wero con stantly to bo seen browsing amongst their crops, Mr. George Watson was asked to lend a hand in catching them by ineatiB of tho Melbourne pack. Accordingly, on Tuesday morning last, soon after sunrise, thu Master of the Hunt Chili, and a few friends, assembled at the Ivanhoe, and, after taking tho rough edge off fino appe tites at host Cole's, proceeded to draw tho adjacent fields with eight couple of picked hounds. After drawing in the paddock below the cemetery, from which they were growlingly warned away by tho surly proprietor, tho hounds were thrown acrosB the Heidelberg road, and, in almost tho first enclosure on tho left, the ' darlings ' began to ' feather.' Soon the first whimper became a general cry, nnd away thoy dashed on a strong scent, the quarry proving to be a young stag. After a pleasant brush, tho old doe crossed the line, and the running was continued on her trail, until a sliort circle was nearly completed, when the young antlcrcd beauty was again put up. This time, having discovered that the intentions of tho cavalcade were by no means friendly, tho fellow bounded aivay at a determined pace, aud a merry chase ensued for nearly an hour. Several fences wero in the direct line, but only Mr. Wntson, on Adelaide Buck, was woll mounted enough to go straight, though by dint of pluck and luck occasional gaps wero made that allowed tho field to keep tolerably close. Just ns tho hounds, which have not yet com menced to bB got ready for tho season, wero getting fagged, the qunrry sought refuge in a herd of cows and goats, aud was soon secured without harm, within the very boundaries of tho pretty Heidelberg village. Tho men not being well-mounted, as their hunters aro not yet up from the Bummer run, no daring feats wero per formed over tho timber; but young Hector, ridden by tho whip, made one most convenient opening bv carry ing away three panels; and astrangcr, who was ridingtoo much in the slack-reinstockmnnstyle, received a beauti ful grasscr as a warning agiinst tho coming season. The Buck, ridden for tho first timo by Mr. Watson, per formed to his now owner's surprise, making one remark/ ably clover leap into a road where he had to lund on a high foot-path, and pop over a griper. NIMROD'S GHOST. 