DAILY I887E. MONDAY, 9TH SEPTEMBER, IS61. BALLARAT IN THE EXHIBI TION. IF Ballarat should be beaten in the forthcoming international exhibition by Sandhurst or Castlemaine or Beech worth, or any other provincial town in Victoria, it will be a ten years dis grace to this district. And it may be more than a disgrace. It may result from such a second-hand sort of posi tion in the show, that the district will suffer substantially by the diversion to other localities of capital and enter prise that would otherwise take up their natural location here. Statistics of oar surprising progress and our present position may do all that we want done for us if we could but get the statistics read and digested, and to get them read they must not only be readably made up, but must be made attractive by something outside their own mere tables and columns of figures, and accompanying exposi tions in letter press. If we are asked why we revert to this subject ju«t now we reply, because there seems to be less interest ir; an Tested in the business than our making a good appearance at the Exhibition absolutely demands. \ The show in Ballarat, and-the^mbse-' quent one in jÈelbourae, are after all .perhaps the most important-for ns. In the rast " world's fair" of London, glittering' through all the arches, and oorridors, and aisles, and transepts of the large "building at Kensington with tile wealth «nd beauty of a world's industry, this Ballarat of which we are justly so proud may even to ns seem but a -very insignificant affair, lost in the accumulated treasures sent in by all nations. Ute distance is so remote, the competition so keen at every point, the crowds and bustle and gala day air of the whole show so adverse to the leisure and observation necessary to make any one department the object of careful consideration or comparison, that we fear the good that would practically follow to ours or any other section of that great display will be inappreciable. Of the expansion of ideas and sentiment of catholicity engendered, and of the industrióos and wholesome emulation provoked by these exhibitions, we say nothing-they are their own reward. But to reduce the ornamental part of the business to its proper propor tions in our estimate of value, and to get at the actual profit and loss of the undertaking, we have to consider where and by whom we and our pro , ducts are likely to meet with the most business-like examination and com parison. And unquestionably these results will follow at home rather than abroad. The nearer home the intenser the interest, and the more indivi dualised and direct the advertisement which every exposition of produce will be to its producer. Thus it would seem that if the energies of the people of the district could not be roused by the opportunity of putting in an appearance in London, the chance of appearing before a Ballarat and a Melbourne crowd of sight seers' should supply the requisite stimulus. But this docs not seem to be operating very vigorously at present. An air of langor appeals to overspread the action of the committees, and se veral of the meetings convened have either not been attended at all or they have been but very thinly attended, and as a consequence valuable time has been lost and the risk run of our not being ready at ail, or if ready, with but the ghost of the- show the district ought to be represented by. Let us hope this will be put an end to. Let us see something like vigor displayed and emulation aroused. Let each departmental committee report their meetings to the press, and let the public know what progress is making in the collection, preparation, cr pro mise of articles for display. Each one of such reports would itself add interest to the whole enterprise, and tend absolutely to create ready to the hands of the several commit tees the things they require to make up the district Exhibition. If, when Brown took up his morning paper at breakfast, he saw that Jones had promised some rare article of vertu or costly product of '« native in dustry," and that Robinson had actu ally sent something in ready for the Exhibition, he would be probably dis posed to go and do likewise. If the gardeners or the farmers in one town ship or village saw that those of a neighboring township or village were preparing a certain series of exhibits as a means of letting all the district first, and then all the.colony, and finally all the world know what that particular township or village could product3, probably the gardeners and farmers ol township or village No. 1 would be stirred up to resolve to make a similar attempt at publishing to the world the capabilities also of their particular locality. And so on through the whole alphabet of trades, arts, and professions. We are disposed to rely more upon thc good results to follow from such a publicity of progress than from the opposite stimulus of secrecy, whereby each contributor is supposed to be impelled by a forcible desire to make a sudden and previously un known impression upon the collected spectators. We do nut think the secret plan so good as the public one. The publication of promised exhibits would generally be only by way of general allusion, and still enough would be left wherein each exhibitor, or each group of exhibitors, c mld individualise their own contributious. The ideen of the contributors could not be de tailed in print, but the exhibit itself would interpret them most amply, while the general allusion in a report of progress might evoke such compe tition as, while not plagiarising other promises, might add very materially tc the completeness of the district repre sen tatton. The various trades ant callings should bear in mind that they are asked to contribute to a Ballarat and Melbourne as well as a London show, and that at least in two places they will hnve an opportunity offered of mosl fully advertising themselves and theil establishments. Thousands who maj never trouble themselves to wander over the advertising columns of th« newspapers, will be arrested by the ironwork, or the cabinet work, or th< carpentry, or the series of seeds, oi thc implements of handicraft, or tb« nicer product of the jewellers, model lers, or artist's skill, and thus the ex hibit lead directly to the exhibitor bj the most easily understood and mos attractive form of advertisement. Ii Melbourne, as we urged before, wi ought to make the beet show possible Everything that will tend to acqnain others with the actual condition of om district and its resources, must tend ti add to our prosperity by inducing th« investment of capital and the spreac of settlement, so that both for the hono and for the profit of the district, wi hope the several committees and sub committees will act with energy ' and that their action so takej will be liberally and promptly re eponded to by the inhabitants generally We hear that diptheria and croup ari very prevalent at present amongst childrei in tome parte of the town, 