ARRIVAL OP THE BENARES, WITH THE AUGUST MAILS FROM I EUROPE. [Tho following telegraphic despatoh, received from our Queenscliff correspondent, appeared in a Second Edition yesterday evening :-] QUEENSCLIFF, OCT. 8. The Benares, Captain Purchas, arrived at half-past four, having left Galle Sop teniber 19, arriving at King George's Sound October 3, and leaviDg soon after midnight". "The Salsette had not readied the Sound, and the Balclutha had arrived only three hours before the Benares left. List of passengers. - From Galle - for Melbourne : Ensign Robinson, Mr. Learoyd, Mr. Airey, Mr. Spiro, Mr. Mazeurel, Mr. Clapperton, Mr. Smith. For Sydney: Commander Hutchison, R.N., Mr. Howard, R.N., Miss Purchas, Mr. Hayman, Mr. Spicer. From King George's Sound: Three deck passen- gers for Melbourne ; one for Sydney. LATEST INTELLIGENCE. IIOME NEWS OFIICK, AUG. 2G, AMERICA. ANOTHER BATTLE. The Federalista havo boon again de- feated. Wo have just received news down to the 14th of August from America. A second great battle has been fought, and tho result has been again disastrous to the North. Information is derived from the following two telegrams from Now York : "August 13.-It is reported from St. Louis that General Lyons, who oommanded at Springfield, had been totftlly routed by tho Confederates, and General Lyon killed. Tho Federals, it is stated, were in full retreat. Mr. Faulkner, tho lato American Minister at Paris, has been arrested on a charge of treason, and lodged in Washington Gaol. Tho King County Court has issued an order to arrest the commander of Fort Lafayette for refusing to obey the writ of habeas corpus to produce the Baltimore police commissioners. Prinoo Napoleon has returned to New York. Ho was received at Manassas by Generals Boauregard and Johnston. He will proceed to Niagara in a few days. The Secretary of the Treasury has not yet obtained tho loan for which he has proposed to the New York banks. Tho Bank Committee will report on tho secretary's proposal to-morrow. Some uncertainty prevails in commeroial oirole3 as to tho result. " August 14.-The news of a battle having been fought at Springfield, re- sulting in the defeat of the Federals, and the death ofGoneral Lyon, has been con- firmed. The Federal loss is officially reported at 800 killed and wounded. The Federalists retired in good order to Bolla. 8,000 Federals and 23,000 Con- federates arestated to havobeon engaged. The Confederate loss is said to bo heavy, and it is rumoured that Generals Price and MoCulloch were killed. Twenty three Federal prisoners have been re- leased, and havo returned from Rich- mond, where 1,200 prisoners remain. General Wool will tako the command of Fort Monroe. It is reported for certain that the Now York, Boston, and Philadelphia banks will now take 50,000,000 of the Federal loan, and the remaining 120,000,000 in instalments by December." Her Majesty, aoeompanied by the Prince Consort, Prince Alfred, and the Princesses Alice and Ilelena, left Os- borne, on tho 21st of August, for Dub- lin, where she was received with enthu- siasm. | The existence of a convention for the ¡ cession of the Island of Sardinia to Franco has been officially contradiotcd by the French Government. The weather has oontinued favour- able, and tho harvest is noarly completed in England. Accounts from Sootland and Wales aro not favourable. Baron do Vidil has been found guilty of unlawfully wounding his son, and sentenced to twelve months' imprison- ment, with hard labour. A dreadful collision occurred on the London and Brighton Railway on Sun- day, August 25. Twenty-three lives wore lost. The British fleet is now at Naples, and has, it is reported, rendered assist- ance to tho Italian Government against the insurgents. Dr. Baring, Bishop of Gloucester and Bristol, has been nominated to the vacant Bishopric of Durham. Dr. Baring is succeeded by tho Eev. "Wm Thompson, provost of Queen's College Oxford. Tho East India Steam Navigation Company proposo to borrow £20,000 oi debentures. It is affirmed by tho Nev, York journals that tho banks of tha city have agreed to take the wholo o j tho Federal Loan. The Ker. James Roe has boon fouru guilty of tho oharge of having forged a ohe to ten years' penal servitude. Brigandage in Naples has suffered an effectual check. The English oonsul at Porto Nuovo has completed a treaty with the King and ohiefs for the right of residence and trading for British sub- jects. Rumours are in circulation of an ap proaohing interview between the Queen of Spain and the Emperor of the French. The King of Italy has gone to Flo- rence, to open the National Exhi- bition, and will from thence proceed to Naples. The Marquis Di Villamarqua has been appointed Governor of Naples. The Hungarian Diet has boen dis- solved by the Emperor. The Chambers have protested against the act as being illegal, arbitrary, and unconstitutional. The payment of tho taxes will be en- forced by the military. A design, supposed to be intended against the life of Garibaldi, has been frustrated in Caprera. Two cases of oholera are said to have occurred at Nottingham. Monsignor Nardi, tho Pope's envoy, has visited the camp at Chalons with a letter from the Pope to the Emperor. It is said that a European Conference will be held at Constantinople on the ' question of the Principalities. Colonel Sir Robert Walpole will pro- bably suoceed the lato Major-General Franklyn on the staff at Gibraltar. The Government of King Victor Emmanuel has determined on the abo- lition of tho passport system within his 1 dominions. The agitation at Warsaw oonfcinues. The new Governor-General Lambert has I arrived there. Consols for money, 91$ to 92 ; do. for account, Sept. 10, 92 to 92¿. Bank, rate stands at 4¿- per cent. I Colonial Government Securities.-? Victoria Government Six per Cent., April and Ootober, 107 to 107J closing price. Arrivals.-Harwich, Lawrence Brown, Groat Britain August 4th, Suffolk, Sussex. London Wool Report.-August 24. The sales olose on tho 27th. Total quantity catalogued will reach 86,000 bales, of which about 4,000 bales have been withdrawn. It is exceed- ingly gratifying to bo able to report a recovery in prices from the greatest depression of fully l£d. per lb. on tho average. Faulty and inferior sorts, which were muoh depressed, particu- larly Sydney, have rccovored 1-^d. to 2d. Hides. - Prices receded about one eighth to one-fourth of a penny this last month for Australian. The market is now steady. The Benares arrived in Ilobson'a Bay at seven o'clock yesterday evening-three days within con- tract time. The following aro the letters of our London correspondent : LONDON, Ano. 20. Tho serious and exciting nows from Awprica han, of latf, overshadowed every other subject, and preoccupied tho public mind. One of the latest telegrams from Now York, inserted in my supplementary letter of the 3rd inst., announced a great battle as imminent ; and for once Yankee promises were fulfilled ; for if the collision then impending was unworthy the designation of a " great battle," it proved to be to the Unionists a stupendous disaster, and a most humiliating de- feat. " The Grand Army of tho Potomac," whioh went forth at early morn in arrogant self-confi- dence and boastful pride, threatening to annihi- late the daring rebels, and extinguish secession, was in tho evening fleeing towards Washington a wild, frantic, demoralized, routed, panic stricken mob. This calamitous event in the Federal annals will be known as the battle of Bull's Bun, the natno of a stream in the vicinity of which the fight took place. What a temptation to minutera the name nresents ! It will be remembered that for some wcoks previously tho Confederates, under General Beauregard, had been entrenching themselvos in a very strong and commanding position near Mnnassns Gap and ManasBas Railway Junction, by which thoy woro able to dominate over Virginia, and menace Washington. Despisinç their an- tagonists, and inflated with a sense of their own military prowess, the Northerners grew impatient at the prolonged inactivity of the magnificent Föderal host, which, in their excited imagina. tioiiB, woro second to no disciplined troops in the world. Politicians and " sensation" journalists clamoured for an advance; evon members of the Cabinot yielded to the popular influence ; and, under the pressuro thus brought to bear upon him, the veteran commander-in-ohief, General Scott, doing violence to his own convictions, ordered, vory reluctantly, the advance of tho in- vading and assaulting army. Ho felt assurée that the movement was premature and prccipi tate, mid disclaimed the responsibility of the net. The Federal forces began their southwart march on Tuesday, the 10th of July. Fron Georgetown, Arlington, and Alexandria, threi columns, numbering 50,000 mon, moved toward the country village of Fairfax, within four mile of which tho first night bivouac took place Next day, Fairfax, abandoned by the Southen troops, was occupied without opposition ; and 01 the ISth the soldiers proceeded ten miles farther and took peaceable possession of Centreville which had been similarly evacuated. At Centre ville the road divides-one branching to the right to New Baltimore, and tho other diverging to th left, to Brentsvillo. Through the tongue of lan' enclosed by these two roads runs the Orango an Alexandria Railroad, and about the centre of th district the Manassas Gap Railroad joins th Alexandria Railroad. Tho junotion is called th Manassas Junction. Hereabouts it was know that the Confederates were concentrated in grot force. The army had boon roeontly reinforced h the Socession troops driven out of Western Vii ginia by Goncral M'Clellan, and it was suppose that they mustered about 00,000 strong. Th army was in position, with its batteries commam ing the various roads leading from Ccntrevill The first check in the advance of the Unionis took place on the 18th. On that day the fir column, under General Tyler, reached Bull Run, a valley traversed by a crock, and environ« by dense woods. An advanced guard, und Colonel Richardson, was detached to reconnoit the Run, in which it was supposed the enemy hi planted several masked batteries, and they h: not fvdvftnoçd. {«before o_0 0{ th« work* of whi thoy were in search opened fire upon them. The Federalists endeavoured to capture this battery, but were met by a galling fire from parties of the .enemy posted in the woods ; and after consider- able exertion retired, with a loss of about forty men. General M'Dowell having arrived with the main body of tho army at Centreville on Satur» day, the 20tb, determined to make a general attack upon lho Bull's Bun batteries, which con- stituted tho key to the Confederate position, on the following morning. THE CONÏEDERATK rOSlTION. For some time past, little had benn known of the actual strength or intentions of the so-called rebels. Their movements were cautiously veiled, iostead of, as in the North, being ostentatiously Çaïadcd to the world by indiscreet journalists, n this general dearth of reliable information, the following description of the topography or J! amusas, condensed from the tlcio Orleans Picayune, will probably bo acceptable By nature the position is one of the strongest tbat could have been found in tho wholo State of Virginia. About half-way between tho eastern spur of the Blue Bidgo and the Potomac, below Alexandria, it commands tho whole country between so per- fectly that there is scarcoly a possibility of its beine; turned. The right wing stretches off to- wards the head-quarters of tim Occoquan, through a wooded country, which is easily mude impaseablo by the felling of trees. The left is a rolling table-land, easily com- manded from the successive elevations, till you reach a country so rough and rugged that it is a défonce of itself. The key to the whole formidable position is precisely that; point which General Beauregard chose for his centre, and which lie has fortified so strongly that, in the opinion of military men, 5,000 men could thero hold 20,000 at bay. Tlio position, in fact, is fortified in part by nature ii self. It is a suc- cession of hills, nearly cquidibtant from each other, in front of which is a ravine, so deep, and so thickly wooded, that it is impassable, except at two points, «hero it eau be penetrated only through gorges which fifty men could defend against an army. The fortifications superadded here by General Beaurozard consist of o line o£ posts, two milos in extent, zi"zag inform, with angles, Balients, bastions, casemateo, and every- thing that properly bolones to works of this kind. The strength and advantages of this position at Manassas aro very much increased by the faofc that fourteen milos further on is a position o£ Bindiar formation, «hile the country between is admirably adapted to tho subsistence and en- trenchment of troops in numbers as large rta thoy can eiinily be manoeuvred on tim real battle-field. Water and forage aro good and abundant. Mr Russell, who was a distant spectator of tho battle from the ridge of a hill between Cen troulle and the theatro of conflict, thus de- scribes the sceno which ho witnessed -" Tho landscape in front was opon to the s ght os far as the ranges of the Allegh aies, which swept round from the right m i/lue mounds, the colour of which softened into violet m the cus tauco On the leit tho view was circumscribed by a wood, which receded along the side of the hill on which wo stood to the plain below Be- tween the bane of this hill, which roso about 150 feet above tho general level of the country, and the foot of the lowest and nearest elevation of the Alléchâmes, extended about live miles of densely wooded country, dotted at intervals with green fields and patches of cleared hinds It was marked by easy longitudinal undulations, indicated by the form of the foreets which clothed them, and betneen two of the moro considerable ran small streams 01 ' runs,' as they are denominated, from the right to the left Close at hand, a nnrrow road, de- scending the hill, went straight into the forest, where it was visible now and then among the tices ia cream coloured pa chea The road was filled with commissariat waggons, the white tops of whioh were vihiblo for two miles in our front On our left front, a gap in the lowest chain of the hills showed the Gap of Manassas, and to the left, and nearer to us, l°y the Junc- tion of the same name, where the Alexandria Railway unites with the rail from the west of Vugmia, and continues the route bv mils of various denominations to Richmon 1 The scene was so peaceful that a man might well doubt the evidence of one sense, that a great contest was being played out below in bloodshed But the can- non spoke out loudly from the green bushes, and tho plains below were mottled by puffs of smoke, and by white rings from bursting shells ana oapncious howitzers Clouds of dust came up m regular lines through the tree tops, where infantry were acting, and now and then thm wavering mists of light blue smoko curled up, and the sputter of musketry broke through the booming of the guns With the glass I could detect now and then the flash of armsthroughthe dust-clouds in the open, but no ono could tell to which side tho troops who were moving be- longed, aud I could only judge from the smoke whether the guns wero bred towards or away from the hill A glade was pointed out m the forest ns thtí beginning of Bull s or Poole s Run, on the other sido of which the Confedera es were hid m force, though they had not made any spo ollie reply to the Bhells thrown into their cover early in the morning Such aro the best general pictures of tho bat- tle-field with which we have been fatoured va this country In the close neighbourhood of Mr. | Russells post of observation wero throngs of spectators from Washington, who had collected together to see tho rebels licked and pounded bs their in, moiblo army Carnages and other vehi- cles wero mJ>wn up, as if they were attending a country race Jn °n° was a lady with an opera gloss , in and arouüu and on olhcis were legisla' tors and politicians Thei ° wore also a few civil- ians on horseback, and on the slope of the hill n regiment had stacked arms, and Wa" engaged in looking at and commenting on the conn ct raging below In the nndBt of Mr Russell s reconnais since who should maleo his nppc irance but Mr. Vizetelly, who had attached himself to one of the lederal regiments as artist of tho Illustrated London Nevis and who had just left tho front, where the Federalists, ho said, were engaged, to look after something to eat and drink This timely retreat prol ably saved his life, for before ho could íoturn to the front tho panie had com TUB TWO AltMIES. The respective forces of the belligerents actually engaged on this occasion are so variously estimated at different times, that it is difficult to pronounce on them with any approach to cer- tainty. Sometimes the numbers are grossly ex- aggerated, and at other times, when a sufficiently powerful motive prompts, they are as prepos- terously minimized. Writing on July 19-two days before the battle-Mr. Russell estimated tho effective forco of General M'Dowell at 30,000 me«, with sixty field-pieces, ond about ten squadrons of cavalry. Tho division under General Patterson, which has since nearly all molted awoy, was then about 22,000 strong, having three batteries of artillery attached to it ; while General_ Mansfield, who commanded the army of Washington nnd the reserve watching the Capitol, had under him a corps of 16,000 men, almost exclusively volunteers. General M'Dowell had also left a strong guard in his entrenchments along the right bank of the Potomac, " guarding the bridges and covering the roads to Alexandria, Fairfax, and Falls Church. The division in military occupation of Maryland, under General Banks, chiefly concen- trated in and around Baltin ore, consisted of 7,400 mon ; the corps at Fortress Monroe and IIampton,undor Butler, was 11,000 strong; General Lyon, who had been operating in Missouri with marked success, commanded about 6,500 ; whilo General Prentis, at Cairo, had a division of 6,000 men undor him ; making an aggregate of about 100,000 men on tbe Unionist side. The Southern army under tho command of < General Bcauregard, at Manassas Junction, was at the same dato estimated at 60,000 ; but Mr. Bussell conceived that number of troops must include the reserves and a portion of the force in tho entrenchments on the road to Rich- mond, in the irumedialo neighbourhood of which thero was a corps of 15,000 men. At Norfolk thero were 18,000 or 20,000 j at Acquia Creek, 8,000 to 9,000; and Johnson's corps was ostl mated at 10,000, swollen by tbo debris of tho defeated column driven out of West Virginia by M'CIclland, The railways from the South being open to the Confederates, they were able to collect their troops rapidly, so that it was thought not at all beyond tho reach of probability that the\ could collect 150,000 or 160,000 men in Virginia, if that number was not actually in that state or the eve of the battle. From the skill with which he had chosen his position, and the systom witt which he encamps and moves his men, Genera Beaurcgard is very popular among his soldiers, whose confidence ho perfectly enjoys. By nature as also from a tv isa policy, ho is very reticent " Not an individual hore," writes a corresponden' from the Confederate camp, " knows his plans or a singlo move of a regiment before it is made and thon only tho colonel and his mon knov where it goes to. There is not a man here wbi can give anything uko a satisfactory answer hos many men he haB, or where MB exact lines are For the distance of fourteen miles around yoi see tents overywhoro, and from them you caí raako a rough estimate of his men; but hoi many moro aro encamped on the by-roads ant in the foresta nono can tell. The new coiner from what ho sees at first glance, puts dowi the numbers at about 30,000 men ; *,uoso whi have been here longest estimate hÍB Eurea at 40,OOC 50,000, and some even at 60,000 n'trong. And thor ip. tbo same discrepancy as to the quantity of hi orttllery. So oloso aoes the goneral kçap h affairs to himself, that his left hand hardly knov what bis right hand dooth ; and so jealous is I i o? this prerogative oí » conunsadi.g'ofBcer, \k verily believe if he suspected his coat of any : acquaintance with the plans resolving within bim ! lie would cast it off." [Our correspondent hore quotes, as "the best detailed account of the earlier phases of the fight," the description by tho correspondent of the New York Times, which wo gavo on Saturday last in the news via California,] So far this witness. Success appears to havfl attended the Federal arms up to this point. The Btruggle had boen maintained for nine hours, aad the unionists had managed to possess tiioni Bolvos of three batteries, one of them having bool captured and reoaçturod soveral times. Confi- dence and enthusiasm provailed, and excitinr Luji'gnimB, reporting their splendid exploits, tvcro being perpetually Hashed to Washington, from Washington to New York, and thence to all parts of the union, so that in a few hours the greater part of tho loyal states were exulting ia the glorious triumph of their valiant sons. A dark Bhadow of gloom and disappointment, how- ever, was destined to fall ou this scene of national rejoicing and gratified pride. A terrible reverso was impending over the Northern troops. At 4 o'clock they appeared to be victorious on evory point, and had driven the Confederates from their ? strongoutpostB. Byinanythisretreatisregardedaä part of a preconcerted plan, intended to draw tho Federalists within their toils. If so, it cor _.t tuis crisis, an important event took placa .which marks the skill of the Confederate com- mander. It is probable that up to this junotura General Beauregard was outnumbered by his assailants, and that either he had not expeoteJ . their approach in such force, or that their move- ments had anticipated by a day the arrival of Wa reinforcements. Towards evening, the fortune of the day was conclusively decided hythe ap- proach of 25,000 men, under General Johnston, or, as some accounts state, under Jefferson Davis himself. General Johnston, it will bo remem- bered, had retreated before the Unionist General, Patterson, from Harper's Ferry, and thence to the South, It is evident from the New York journals that they imagined Johnston to bo ia full retreat, lest ha might be overwhelmed by tin Federalists, who, after leaving Harper's Forry, had occupied Martinsburg, But the probability is that, anticipating au attack at Bull's Run, ho made all speed through the defiles of the " Blue Ridge Mountains to join General Beaure- gard, which he succeeded in doing in time to take a distinguished part in tho battle of the 21st. After the junction of these large reinforoomeats ' under tho American Blucher, the Confederates . at once assumed the offensive. A Now York letter to the Dublin News declares that Mr. 1 Jefferson Davis came up by rail from Richmond, and took the command in person of the whole Southern army. All over the roar of battle as it . raged, tho Federalists could hear the shouts that \- hailed the appearance on the field of the first " President of the new Confederacy. D-ivia ~ headed the centre, Beauregard the right, and Johnston the Jeft wing. Suddenly there opened, \- on the part of the Southern centre, a whole lias of batteries, hitherto said to have been masked, .' Evidently to that moment they had only hean . playing with the Northerners. " The Southerner; ' now showed in full force, and a splendid fore; ' they were. There was n heart ana enthusiasm about them that mado them absolutely spriuc > like leopards on their prey. And lo 1 amont \- them was a battalion of negro volunteers; t battalion at whose hands a terrible reckoning has been received by the Northern troops. Afte nu inBtant of desperate effort to mako a stand ' the Federal contre gave way ; the left wing soo: followed ; the right for a time held its ground fiercely lighting, but in vain : at length the Tl,nln Iffni-ttiai-n, i-m" fnmari in I flo.I >. Tho disorderly retreat, as might have been ex- pected of the raw levies of which the "grand . army" was composod, at once degenerated into a ' terrible rout. The demoralized rabble flod to Alexandria, on the banks of tho Potomao--that is, nearly to Washington, more than twenty miles from tho battle-field. Never was such a sight seen on a road after a flying army. They left standards, baggage, ammunition waggons, rifle cannon, several batteries, their commissariat, haversacks, blankets, tents, ka. According to the Tribune, probably exaggerated, the men threw away 2S.O00 stands of arms in thoir flight. But worse than this remains to bo told. The wounded were abandoned by hundreds along the roadside, and wore, with stragglers and camp fol- lowers, ridden over remorselessly by the frenzied fugitives. A largo numbor of prisoners wore talton. The Confederate general appears not to have been aware of the appalling extent of the Mumped« ; for had he pursued the panio ptiiokon paralyzed multitudes, the slaughter must have been fearful, the number of prisoners (¡temed immense, whilo Washington itself, it is i; bunds. The very Cabinet might not improbably hitvo been seized, and thus an end have been put at unca to this most miserable war. Attempts wero made by General M'Dowell to rally the . troops both at Centreville, and then at Fairfax, but the endeavour was utterly in vain. Some of the Northern papers attompted to make out that the flight was originated by tho teamsters of th3 waggon- train galloping off. This, however, ha» been most emphatically denied on good autho- rity. Tho teams were three miles in the rear at the time the flight began. In fact, thoy wera ridden over bv the maddened fugitives. The panic of the army extended to the nowa- I napcr correspondents. Everything was magni- fied and exaggerated. The slaughter, as at nrafc reported, was prodigious, and all the incidents of the disaster were pictured on an enormoui scnlo. Senators and Congress-men in consider- able numbers were in the hands of the rebels ; all tlio batteries and field-guns were lost; and the all- conquering legions had ev.aporatod like a phantom host. A few days served to dissipate these illusion), and to reduce tho calamity to its real proportions. The 5,000 dead has dwindled 'down to 480 (almost as incre- dible); with 1,000 wounded, and 1,200 miss- ing-total Federal loss, 2,680. The Confedé- rales acknowledge a loss, in killed, wounded, and missing, of 1,500. The Northern journals have not sought to extenuato or disguiso the facts con- nected with the disgraceful flight of the army in which they had prided themselves. Exposures more humiliating than those made by Mr. Bussell aro somewhat ostentatiously paraded in the papers published in Neiv York, Boston, and Philadelphia. Thej seem to find a strange sort of pleasure in the very magnitude of the defeat, and the stu pendousness of the disaster. It has made a great sensation, and that ii everything. They are in- dulging in unsparing crilisism on everything and everybody, whieh may do something towards initiating reforms. The worst symptom visible is, that the Northern people, after the first fooling of consternation has passed away, betray an entire absence of that senso of shame and mortification Vihichwe should experience among ourselves had we boon overtaken by so dire a disgraco as that of Msnassas. The universal propensity is to lay the bluino of the disaster on the Government, the officers, the politicians-in faot, upon any one but themselves. This is certainly an ominous TtrnmifiRfc for thfl future. MR, RUSSELL'S DESCRIPTION OP THE PANIC. | It is fortunate for European readers that the special correspondent of The Times was on the spot, to witness with his own eyes, and depict withhisovvn graphic pen, the extraordinary soeneî consequent on the panic of Manassas. From any other source their accuracy would scarcely havo been credited. A reproduction of his ox tended description of the incidents of the flight would, of course, bo out of question here, but tho quotation of a few passages seems to me necessary to the completeness or my chronicle of the first serious conilict between the rival feder- ations. Mr. Russell started from Washington at five o'clock on the morning of the 21st., in a buggy, accompanied by a led horse. The battle- field was about thirty miles away. About half past nine he first heard the booming of cannon in the distance. Shortly afterwards, as he tra- velled on, he was surprised at meeting a regiment of soldiers, straggling in a very disorderly man- ner from the direction of the battle, Unable b3 comprehend this, Mr. Russell inquired of an officer where his troops were going, and received the reply, that they were going home, their three months' time as volunteers being just up 1 Mr. Russell went on his way, ruminating on this strange development of American patriotism, and the influence it was likely to exercise on the destinies of the country. By noon ho had reached Fairfax Court-house, a poor village of Borne thirty or forty brick and wooden houses : next he came to Germantown, which bad been burned down by the Federal troops in an hour of licence and disgraco ; and subsequently reached the hill over- looking the battle-field, to which I have already Mounting his horse, with the intontion of pene- trating to the front, Mr. Russell came to a small bridge across the road, whore the drivers of a set ? of waggons, with the horses turned towards him, were endeavouring to force their way against the I stream of vehicles setting in the other direction. "By tho side of tho new sot of waggons," say J She Times correspondent, " thero wore a number of commissariat men and soldiers, whom at first sight I took to be the baggago guard. They looked excited and alarmed, ana were running by tho sids of thoirhorses. Infront the dustquite obscured the view. At the bridge the currents met in wild disorder. ' Turn back ! Retreat 1' shouted the mon from the front ; ' We're whipped, xro'ra whipped I* They cursed and tugged at the horse i' ' heads, and struggled with frenzy to get past. Running by me on foot was a man with tha shoulder-straps of an officer, ' Pray what is tha matter, sir?' 'It means we're pretty badly whipped, and that's a fact,' ho blurted out in Euffs, and continued his career. I observed that e carried no sword. The teamsters of the ad- vancing waggons now caught up tho cry. ' Turn bade-turn your horses !' was the shout up the whole lino; and, backing, plunging, rearing, and kicking, the horses which had been proceedinc down the rood reversed front, and went off towards Centreville. Those behind them went ? madly rushing on, tho drivers being quite indJf- ' íerent whether glory or dis?racel ed the way i provided they could find it. In the midst of thii extraordinary spectacle an officer, escorted by I some dragoons, rodo through the ruck with a light cart in charge Another officer on foot, with his sword under his arm, ran up aeainst me. ' What is all this about ? « Why were pretty badly whipped. We're all id retreat. Taero's Generaf Tyler there badly wounded.' And on he ran. There carno yoi another, who said, 'We're beaten on aU points. ïhe whole army is m retreat.' Still there was no flight of troops, no retreat of an army, no reason for all this precipitation. The writer got his horse up into the field out of ? tho road, and went on rapidly towards tho Iront :-" Soon I met soldiers who were coming through the corn, mostly without arms ; and pre- sently I saw firelocks, cooking-tins, kuapsaoks, und great coats on the ground, and observed that the confusion and speed of the baggage carts be- came greater, and that many of them were crowded with men, or woro followed by others, who clung to them. The ambulances wera crowded with soldiers, but it did not look as if there woro many wounded. Negro servants oa led horses dashed frantically past ; men ia uniforms, whom it were a disgrace to tha profession of arms to call 'soldiers,' swarmed by on mules, chargers, aud even draught horses, which had boen out out of carta or waggons, and went on with harness clinging to their heels, as frightened as their riders. Mon literally screamed with rage and äfiight when their way was blocked up. On I rode, asking all, ' What is all this about? andnow and then, but rarely, receiving the answer, ' We're whipped ;' or, ' We're repulsed.' Faoes black and dusty, tongues out in the heat, eyes Btaring-it was a most wonderful sight. On Ihev came, like him ? Who, baring onco turned round, goes on, And turns no more his bend, For lioknoweth that a fourmi fiend Doth oloso behind him trcai." Hut where was tho fiend? I looked in vaia. Thero was, indeed, some cannonading in front oE me and in their rear, but still the firing was com- paratively distant, and tho runaways wera far out of rango. "As I advanced, the number of carts dimi- nished, but tho mounted men increased, and the column of fugitives became denser. A feT huggies and light waggons, filled with mon, whosu faces would have made up ' a great Leporsllo' in the ghost scone, tried to pierce the rear of the »ass of carts, which were now solidified aad moving on like a glacier. I crossed a small ditch by the roadside, got out on the road to escapo some snake fences, and, looking before me, saw thore was still a crowd of mon in uni- forms coming along. Tho road was strewn with articles of clothing-firelocks, waist-belts, car- touche- boxes, caps, great coals, mess tins, musi- cal instruments, cartridges, bayonets andsneaths, swords, pistols, even biscuits, water bottles, and pieces of meat. Passing a white house by tho roadside, I saw, for the first timo, a body o£ infantry with slopod arms marching regularly and rapidly towards me. Their faces were not black- ened By powder, and it was evident thoy had not toeon engaged. In reply to a ciueBtion, a non- commissioned officer told me, in broken English, * We fall back to our lines ; the attack dia not quite succeed.' This was assuring to one who bad come through such a scene as I had boan «nfnnocinrr " rinding it impossible at length to stem the tor- rent of retreating fugitives, Mr. Russell resolved to give up further researches, and, if possible, get back to Washington, which was thirty miles off, on a horribly impeded road. Almost every xunawoy talked wildly of " masked batteries" and "charges of cavalry," and the panic was at its height To get on at all, Mr Russell took to tho fields Bkirting the highway. " The road, ' he says, " was now literally covorod with baggage. Jt seemed to me as if the men inside were throwing the things out purposely. ' Stop,' oriel I to the driver of one of the carts, ' everything is falling out.' '-you/ shouted a fellow m Eido, ' if you stop him, 111 blow your brains out.* My al tempts to save Uncle Sam's property wera then and there discontinued On approaching Centreville, a body of German infantry of the reserve came marching down, and stommed the current in some degree, they wero followed by a brigade, of guns, and another battalion of fresh troops I turned up on the hill half a mile bo j ona The vehicles had nil left but two, my buggy was gone. A battery of field guns was in position where wo had been standtag. Tho men looked well As yet there was nothing to indicate more than a retreat, and some ill behaviour among tho waggoaora and the riff raff of different regimentB. Contre iille was not in a bad position, proporly oooupiod, and I saw no reason why it should not be held jf it was meant to renew the attack, nor any reason why the attack should not be renewed, if there had been any why it should have been mado I swept the held once more The clouds of dust wero denser and nearer. That was all. There was no firing-no musketry. I turned my horse s head and rodoawaj through the villag», and after I got out upon the road, the same con- fusion seemed to prevail Suddenly the guns on the hill opened, and at the same time carno the thuds of artillery from the woods on the right rear The stampedo then became general. What occurred at the hill I cannot say, but all the road from Centreville for miles piesented such a sight as can only be witnessed in tho track of the runa« ays of an utterly demoralized army. Drivers flogged, lashed, spurred, and boat their horses, or leaped down and abandoned their team?, and ran by the side of the road, mounted men, servants, and mon in uniform, vehicles of all sorts, commissariat waggons, thronged the narrow ways At every shot a convulsion, as it were, seized upon the morbid mass of bones, sinew, wood, and iron, and thrilled through it, giving now energy and action to its desperate efforts to get free from itBelf Again the cry of ' Cavalry' »rose ' What are you afraid of ' ' said I to a man who was running beside me. ' I'm not afraid of you/ replied the ruffian, levolling his Îneco at mo and pulling the trigger It was not oaded, or the cap was not on, for the gun did not go off I was unarmed, and I did go off as fast as I could, resolved to keep my own counsel for the second time that day And so tho flight weat on At one time a whole mass of infantry, with fixed bayonetB, ran down the bank of the road, and some falling as thoy ran must havo killed I and wounded thoso among whom thoy fell. As I 1 knew the road would soon become impissable or I blocked up, I put my horse to a gallop, and passed on towards the front But nouutcd men still rodo faster, shouting out, ' Cavalry are oom im, ' Again I vontured to speak to some offi- cers whom I overtook, and said, 'If these run- aways are not stopped, the whole of the posts and pickets into Washington will fly also 1' One of them, without saying n word, spurred his 1 horse and dashed on in front I do not know ?whether he ordered the movement or not. but I tho van of the fugitives was now suddenly j checked, and, pressing on through the wood at the roadside, I saw a regiment of infantry blocking up tho way, with their front towards I Ctntreville. A musket was levelled at my head t as I pushed to the front ;-' Stop, or I'll fire.' At tho same time tho officers wero shouting out, ' Dont let a soul pans.' I addressed ono of them, and said, ' Sir, I am a British subject; I am I not, I assure you, running away. I have done my best to stop this disgraceful rout (as I had) and havo been telling them thero are no cavalry within miles of them.' 'I can't let you pass, sir.' I bethought mo of General Scott's pass. The adjutant read it, and the word was given along the lino, ' Let that man pass ;' and BO I rodo through, uncertain if I could now gain the hong-bridge in time to pass over without tho rnnnfcerfiitrn.' I On, and still on, ho went, the road still thronged with terrified fugitives. Tho foot soldiers had contrived to get forward with astonishing speed in their race for life. After the moon had risen, Mr, RUBSCII for a time jogged alongsido an officer in charge of Colonel Hunter, who had boen shot through the neck. Tho officer had abandoned bia battalion to take charge of his wounded chief. Ile blamed the general for tho disaster ; while his cry to teamsters, escorts, ofiicora, and guarda was, as ho wont along, " We've been licked into a cocked hat-knocked to the devil." At length Mr. Russell reached the capital, and his entrañes is thus described :-" As I approached Washing- ton, I found the grand guards, pickets'posta, and individual sentries burning for news, and the word used to pass along, 'What does that min say, Jack?' 'Begorra, he tells me we're not bet at all-only retracing to the ould lines for oon vonienoy of fighting to-morrow again. Oh, that's illigant !' On getting to the tue ile pont, how- ever, the countersign was demanded ; of course, I had not got it. But the officer passed ma through on the production of General Scott's safeguard. The lights of the city were in sigh*, »nd reflected on the waters of the Potomac, juät glistened by the clouded moon, shone the gay lamps of the White House, where the President was probably entertaining some friends. In silenco I pasBed over the Long Bridge. Soma few hours later it quivered under the steps of a rnbblo of unarmed men. At the Washington end a regiment with piled arms were waiting to cro39 over into Virginia, singing and cheering. Before the morning thoy received orders, I believe, to assist in keeping Maryland quiet. For the hua- I dredth time I repeated the cautious account, which to the best of my knowledge was. true. Thero were men, women, and soldiers to hear it. The clocks had just struck eleven p.m. as 1 Eassed Willard'«, The pavement in front of the all was crowded. The rumours of defeat had como in, but few of tho many who hod been foi upon lies and the reports of complete victory which prevailed could credit the intelligence. Seven hours had not elapsed before the streets told the story. ,'The * Grand Army of the North,' as it (iras called, had representatives in every thoroughfare, without arms, orders, or office», standing out in tho drenching rain. When ali these most unaccountable phenomena were occur- ring I was fast asleep, but I could scarce ero my informant in the morning, whon he told ma that the Federalists, utterly routed, had fallen back upon Arlington to defend the capital, leav- ing nearly five batteries of artillery, 8,00) muskets, immense quantity of stores and bag- gage, and thoir wounded and prisoners, in tha hands of tho onomy I" EFfECTS OF THE DISASTER. This disgraceful repulse necessarily created a profound scnsution. Even the cool-headed Gene- ral Scott, though disapproving of the step, yat felt fully certain that the Confederates would ha defeated. Every hour messengers had been hur- ried off from the field to tho end of the wire, with reports of the progress of the troops ; and at tho other extremity of the wiro, in Washington, wera the President, the Secretary of War, and olhoc Cabinet members, awaiting with intense anxiety the revelations of the electric oraolo. Up to four o'clock the tidings had been all of triumph, bat after that dato thoy became uncertain, discour- aging, dismaying, alarming ; and the great offi- cers of stato retired from the telegraph room in a stato of intenso anxioty. Washington was not deemed safo : the living bulwark in whioh thoy I had trusted was shattered, if not destroyed. The most extraordinary efforts were at once made to repair the inj ury inflicted. Reinforcements wera hastily telegraphed for from the various statos of tho Union, and in a fow days some 30,000 or 40,000 fresh volunteers were on their wayA to Washington, thus tranquillizing the public mini ns to the safety of the seat of Government. The stunning effect of the nows is thus da Ecribod hy the New York correspondent of Tki Tim** " Tho news esme hko a thunderclap upon the people of Now York. The morning papers lind been issued in tho usual 'sensation* stylo, with half a column of the largest typo, giving tha do ails of a supposed victory over General Boau regurd, and nine tenths of Now York, not taking the troublo to road those details with care, beliei ed it About elevon o'olock carno tho first news of£defcat, in tho foi m of a telegram from Washington, to the effect that Genoral M'Dowell ?» as retreating on Washington in good order. By common consent all business was suspended, Me>n gathored in crowds about the vanous newj j) ipci offices, and as fast as news was received from Washington ' extras' were issued, and short condensed bulletins were posted. I oannoi pictuie in any of the oidiuary language applicable to individual feeling the deep sense of publio loss .mel ttiong that followed, It waB not that many or most of the readers had lost a friend or -icquiiiittiuto in some ono of the many New Yoik regiments t'iat woro moro than decimated ia the lirht Tue«efeelings, howevernaturai,soomeJ forgotten m tho gi eater puhlio loss-the loas, according to the first accounts, which have sinoO 1 cen much modified, of General M'DoweU's oom mand and his artillery-the demoralization of tas fine ni my that had moved from Washington a few days before, and that had fought so gallantly onlj the day beforo. Yet, evon when cwtimatins" the loss at these gigantic proportions, there wai no disposition to submit to the greater loss of the free institutions and liberties of this country, by j leldutg to au armed conspiracy for their over lliiow Tho military enthusiasm, willoh wis beginning to flag under tho great drain upon it, Vi is excited anew. The 7th regiment, which waa mustered out of service a month since, mot at thtir armoury as soon as they could bo got to gethcr, aud aro now ready for fresh service, if ?v, anted Several of tho fire comp mies took stans to fill up tho ranks of the Tiro Zouaves, aadly thinned by tho battle. A now i egiment, nearly icTcly, was filled up tnd sent on by the next train to Washington and the several îecruiting stations, vlnch have boen doing a pooush business for a few «eeks, became) again tho scenes of active ORIGIN OP THE PANIC. Tho actual origin of the panic is involved in the utmost obscurity. A great deal has boonsaid about the havoc committed by batteries suddonly unmasked, and terrible charges of black cavalry, j :mil overwhelming attacks by fabulous hosts of Confederates-all of whioh are now admitted to le untnio, tho moro bugbears of terrified iuu j. ii,ations. The most feasible causo which I have teen suggested to account for the consternation nndljroiit «as tho sudden irruption of a body of the enemy's cavalry in tho roar of the hithorta victorious columns of the Federalista. Thora being no reserve to chook these hoisemon, their apparition threw n crowd of teamsters and civilian spectators into confusion; theso oom ruiinicatod their alarm to the nearest body of troops, and from these to tho front, until the whole nero in retreat, though no one knows vihcthor any actual order was ever given to that tfli'ct. This ia the apologotic explanation oE a thorough-going Northern partisan. Olhiti Mik an elucidation of the mystery in tha bud handling- of the mon by their merohint generals and literary officers, and the pro veitiial danger and difficulty of effecting a retreat with; green troops in the presence of a \ietorious foe. 27ic Tima' special correspjn dc-nt, writing several days after the disaster, mid after having been favoured with a plan of the attack and the successive dispositions of tha tioups bj the commanding general, M'Dowell, in tin ' following possago dashes all tho glory of tim "edcral boasted achievements : " There vyaB not a bayonet chargo mdo by the Federalist infantry duriug the day. There wa^ not a chargo of any kind made by the Oon f< deiata cavalry upon any regiment of thoir eneipj until the latter broke. There was not a bund to hand encounter botweon any regitnonts. Tiaro was not a single ' battery charged' or taken by the Federalists, There were no mailed batteries in play by the former. Thara uns no annihilation of rebel horse by Zouavos, Fire, or other. A volley fired by one battalion enip icd three saddles among a body of horan who appeared at sotno distance, and tho infantry Milich perfoimed the oxeoutiou then retirad. There wero no desperuto struggles, except by thiihe who wanted to get away. Tho whole mat- in, II ji'iin English, amounts to this ¡-the Fode i,ih«-l» advanced slowly, but steadily, under the ) io of their arcilleiy, driving the euomy, who liielj showed out of cover, in line before thom, i.i.d guuliially forced them back on the right and iintrn for a milo and a half tovvaids ManassiB. AP thu enemy fell back thoy used thoir artillery i,Ko, ami there was a good deal of pounding at lung ranges with light field guns, and soma I ravier rifled ordnunco, the line on both sido II mg rarely within 500 yards of each other. On r-1 nocMion the regiments on the right were re 111, su by a musketry fire from the enemy which . dined them to fall back, but they wero rallied ' ti t led fofwaid towards the front. The Oonfeie r Uci ugam gavo way, and the Federalists ad vanccd once more. Again the Uno of the onotnj \- v-iie.ncel in fiont and delivered fire. Ths /'uiiMi, -is they are called, uud the litt îvu Ycik, which were on_ the flank, fell inti i nfii-.on not to bo rallied, and ovontualli iniuil ii oin the field in disorder, to use thi i,niilt-; term, with a contagious effect on thoi ermratles, and with the loss of the guns, whiol ihev were supporting. Nothing would, or could or did st op thom, Inynin they wore remindei if their oaths to 'avengo Ellsworth's death, '( Heh il"g was displayed to tho winds, it had los iii, attractions. Thoy ran in all directions with ¡?¡ict-il which their fortunes favoured. But nothing is certain or indubitahlo in thi v orld. Strangely enough, while Northern poli liciariB and journalists, with a refreshing candoui nehmt the defeat with all its discreditable eos eomitauts, the American correspondents of th unity Neus hibour to prove that the world ha iccu deceived and hoaxed, and tho " gran nmy " groi Bly cvlumniated. One of theso gen lie-men, v.iitmi! from New York, July 31, says : - *' I can assure vou of one veritable faot, th íoiult of careful examination of the offic'u lcpoif s, and of personal interviews withfrioad who wero in tho Inttle, that wo wero not beato at al!. Wo captured three of the onemy's baJ tt-nei, .? ith an inferior force, and tho retreat wa conducted in got«! order, save at tho distance c hetoial miles oiitsido of the returning line' wheie tho rabble' tout of teamsters, teco- stonist' : nil newspaper editors and reporteis, took to thoi licelb." (Why, it the columns wero retiring i fiidei ?) " An olEocr, whose word I oin take fe ;.i)j thins? lie says, and who was last on the fielt ijiioimtîd me that ono main body of troopä n mt ned victoriouf from the fight, and that the Mishcel for nothing ntoro than to have it ronewo ) y tlie enemy at Ce-ntreville." Fortunately, th ciiimiy jdid not test this posthumous bravery. . Boston coi respondent writes in a similar, thou» le«, confident flra'ni. He declares that besidi n largo reservo force of 15,000, a portion of ti rontendiug forces halted at Centreville, and r juained there till eight o'clock the next mornia and in tho meantime secured several of the oai non left on the field, and saved a large amount < 1,1U70_£T0. From tho fact that the Confederates failed to inko advautago of their remarkable success, it is inferred that thoy wore ejuite unaware of the ex icnt of tho ilCburke in tho Fedora! camp. The earliest reports of the battle and its results sent lo Richmond, ounce no consciousness of tho wild panic which had seized on the whole rear of tha r< pulsed Unioniste. Tho heavy losses which the/ li.ul sustained, moi cover, would tend to disincline the leaders to push matters to an extremity. Ti\c generals aro said to havo fallen, beside J n ioy men of position, wealth, and raod family, i\liO-o death will bo deeply and bitteily lamented. 7 he fact is, in the Confederate ranks there ara thousands of men of social consideration and standing, and who have an immense personal Make in lho contest. It is not so to any great extent on the otherside. A dash for Washing Ion nos elreaelcd for the first week or ten day J ,>fter tho battle, but the Confederates show no e'irposition to risk any hazardous enterprise, lhty havo used their triumph with great moder- ation, and have displayed no unseemly cxidtatioi (. then victory. On receiving the nows of tho "fl ir at Bull's Run the Southern Congress iranio- ' dnití 1/ >t «port a day for " united thanksgiving ". ' pv,er for. that mighty deliverance,"-» iii.ii.jv for viiich thoy aro charged «iib. hypo c.">% and impiety. The spoils of nar capturai ny tue Confederates aro valued at l,0OO,0OOdols. Thoy greatly lack means of transport. Dis- appointed in their confident expectation of speedily crushing the rebellion, and scattering the armed chivalry of the South, the Northerner i LOW console themselves with the belief that in tha raising and equipping of the present large foroe, the Confederates have thoroughly exhausta! themselves, both as regards men and money. Tha army now concentrated in Virginia, once beaten and destroyed, it could never boroplaced : whereas Northern armies ad libitum would spring from the soil at the call of patriotism. Such is tbo conviction among the national party; bat this, like former popular impressions, may prove false and illusive. Tho cardinal fault throughout has been that of undervaluing and despising the strength of their adversary. The resources pos- sessed by the Northern States are undoubtedly vastly superior to those of the South ; but thoa it is questionable whether they will be so wiaolv husbanded-so powerfully wielded. It is admitted on almost all hands that the Secessionists ara richer in military capacity and talent for govern- ing than the Northerners, who aro amenable to mob dictation and nowspapor tyranny. If this tremendous struggle is to bo brought to a satis- factory issue, it is clear that great self-re- straint will havo to be imposed upon tho licenoo of free speech and unbridled criticism. An army with a crowd of stump-orators and journalists screaming behind it, in placed nt a fatal dis. advantage against an army that moves in silence, and whoso operations oro directed alone by responsible generals. Measures have alroady been taken to muzzle the press. 1ESS0HS OP THE DISASTKE. i rominont among the uses of this adversity, is the light it throws upon tho volunteer organi- sation. In the hour of trial it utterly broke down. Of the individual courage of tho Unionist soldiers no ono expresses a doubt, many of them fought bravely, and under suitable loader bhip they probably would be surpassed by no ?warriors of any land. But they had been banded together too short a period to acquire confidencia in each other. They were porraded by no csp> U de militaire. Each could rely upon himself, but no man could trust ia the stanchness of his comrade. Heneo the army was like a bank of sand. The bulk of tho roderai officers, too, appear to be as inoxperienced and ill disciplined as the privates, and were utterly distrusted by their men, their mcompotency being so patent. The regiments that best held thotr ground at Ma nansas were all composed of foreigners-a sin- gular fact, and worth pondering. These oxilo3 from fatherland formed a strango contrast to tha run away patriots, who but a low hours befora would havo shouted themselves hoarse for their belauded and beloved " Union," Extraordinary stones aro told concerning the independence of officers and men that would be ludicrous if thoy were not so serious. Thus, we read of one colonel, riding up in the van to Washington, confessing his utter ignorance of the whereabouts and fate of his regiment, of another, who, sent with despatches from General Scott to General McDowell, then in the thick of the fight, refused to deliver them, declaring that if the old general wanted his head shot off he might go and deliver them himself, and of a third hero, who rrelieved himself of all his perplexing fears on the morning of the battle, by the happy expedient of getting dead drunk. Abuses like those are about to be remedied by the establish- ment of a Board of Examiners—a beneficent ordeal which will winnow away a great deal of chaff. But there are other defects not so readily rectified. The conduct of whole masses of the volunteers has been quite astound- ing. At the very time when General Patterson was in perilous proximity to General Johnston's army, fifteen out of seventeen Pennsylvanian regiments actually refused to remain because their term was expired. Mr. Russell, as I have mentioned, met a regiment marching away from the field of battle ; and another refused to parti- cipate in a charge after twelve o'clock for a similar reason. What sort of army must that be which is composed of such materials? And, worst of all, the American public see nothing wrong in all this. Instead of these dastards and mercenary time-servers being greeted with repro- bation on their return, they have everywhere been received with the éclat and ovation of con- querors. As many as 80,000 of these three months' volunteers have, it is said, returned home since the disaster at Bull's Run. Many are en- listing again for the entire period of the war. What precious props for a sinking state ! Imme- diately after the battle, the Administration sent for General McClellan, and invested him with the powers of commander-in-chief. He is exerting himself creditably to reorganize an army out of the rabble of runaways, and the new regiments which are daily arriving at the capital. If the concurrent reports from the Federal States of America are to be relied on, the Northerners have found in General McClellan the man needed for the crisis. He has seen real war, having not only taken a part in the Mexican campaign, but having been present at the siege of Sebastopol. He is a thorough disciplinarían, and has all the physical energy necessary to enable him to go through the herculean task he has before him. He has already stemmed the torrent of disorder which threatened to make the Northern army incapable of all service, and has set himself to the work of reconstruction with a vigour which has evidently impressed all around him with a sense of his capacity, and inspires the unruly masses with whom he has to deal with that salutary respect which was so miserably lacking in the mob of three months'-men whom his predecessor led to Bull's Run. The humiliation of that defeat will probably make the men willing to submit to his strict military command ; and if he succeeds in giving them a thorough drill, he may not only convert the very rough material supplied to him into a tolerable army in the course of two or three months , but he may do the Americans generally the same sort of good which we say is done to our blackguards when they are enrolled in the militia. He evidently understands that it is not merely men that are needed to drive back the South, but soldiers. Burning as the North must be to avenge the disaster at Bull's Run, they will not dare to attempt any new offensive movement for at least a couple of months. The Southerners, too, will probably act only upon the dofensive, for their leader knows thw necessity of drill as well as General S'cott, and what fighting there may be will pro- bably be confined to Missouri, where General Lyon is successfully keeping his ground against Lawyer Pillow and Bishop Polk, and the Federalists have another able commander in the person of General Tremont. In Virginia, the secessionists are well posted, so as to compel the Federalists to keep close within their lines on the Potomac, but it is evident that the issue of this first campaign very much depends upon the use that is made of the next couple of months." OPINIONS OF THE ENGLISH PRESS. Australian readers will naturally be anxious to | know what is thought in England of this colossal smash, and what are our feelings in contem- plating the stupendous humiliation of our fast cousins across the seas. Well, I must frankly confess to you that the reverse has excited, almost universally, a feeling of secret satisfaction. With- out taking any malignant pleasure m the suffer- ings and adversities of a people sprung from our own race, the imperative necessity for some signal chastisement of their intolerable arrogance had long been obvious to all thoughtful men. Whether expressed or not, everybody discerns something like a retributie Providence in the disaster which has befallen the boastful and quarrelsome Northerners. It is almost impossible, constituted as we are, not to experience pleasure when a haughty spirit has a fall, or not to rejoice when an overbearing ill mannered bully receives a sound whipping. This brother Jonathan has ex- perienced, by his own confession ; and the hope of on-lookers is that the infiiction will render him more humble, modest, and patient in the future. Had those people been successful in the first great encounter of the campaign, an intimation of the use which would have been made of their triumph was given with indecent haste. There was a moment on the 21st of July when victory was supposed to be with the Grand Army," and the leading newspaper of New York seized the opportunity to hurl its fiery menaces at England. The first impulse was revenge :— 'For the outrage offered in the Queen's pro- clamation, the United Slates will possess itself of Canada ; and for the invasion of St Domingo, her Catholic Majesty will certainly have to pay with the sacrifice of Cuba. We have first to put down rebellion at home, but every hour proves that the war will be a short one, and that ere the lapse of another half-year, armies will exist on the American Continent of over half a million of men, thirsting for a foreign foe, upon whom to expend their strength. When the Union element at the South shall have been fairly emancipated and the forces of the Republic shall have been united, let Great Britain and Spain beware ! Our armies never will consent to lay down their arms while a vestige of European domination remains in the Western hemisphere. Causes of war we have enough, and they will not cool for keeping." Amiable people ! If such be your purpose—if such be the consequence of the supremacy of the North—every true Briton will ardently pray for half a dozen more defeats like that at Bull's Run. Nineteen-twentieths of Englishman entertain the conviction that the separation of the American States into two great nations, whioh will act as a counterpoise to each other's power and ambition, is essential to the peace and harmony of the world. But now for afewoxamples of English public opinion on tho subject, as reflected in our jour- nals, of every shade of politics. The Times, in commenting on tho details of the rout, affirms that tho Federalists "lost nil- oven their mili- tary honour "-an imputation which the Daily News (the almost solitary champion of " the Union") chaiactenzes as wanton and malignant. Tho leading journal regards tho Confederate victory as complete as that of Austerhtr ; hat cccs in it no signs of peace, but rather fresh pro vocatncs to n deadltor and more protracted war. Suoh a disgrace will have to be terribly avenged. It draws, moreover, tho most sinister augurios for Republican institutions from the events of the past six months. Democracy, it contends, 13 not freedom. Republican theories have all been falsified. Tho model Commonwealth has egregiously failed. It can neither avort war nor msuie economy in public expenditure. The Ga 1 eminent at Washington is plunginginto an aby.33 of exti a\ agance without parallel m the old arista crauei and despotio states of Europo. The Pos Hunks the disaster must banish all hopes of re conciliation, however tardy, The Olote, in iti leader on the battle, says that England may draiv au important lesson from its result, as regards the enormous difficulty of a general mancouvring with voluntoeis without trained officers. Tho necessity of cavalry has also boen conspicuously ? shown. The North has neglected this foroo alto pether Other papéis havo attempted to point the serious warning which our volunteers should receivo from the errors of thotr Amencau brolhrcn " Bottei far," says the Daily News, " that wo have no volunteers, than volun- teers on whose competent leading, and on whoso individual qualification, under every cncumsttuice of danger, wo cannot confidently rely In doahng with this source of weak- ness Goveimnont will have the country wttb thom, and none moro earnestly than the volun- teers theniBolves" Tho Satwday Review, iu discussing the samo subject, thinks that therua« recognisable causes to account for the oowardtcî of tho American îocreants which would not apply to tho charactei of English riflomon. Although coming of tho Anglo Saxon stock, Amenoam bn-\e fearfully deteriorated, both physically and moialljjOf latojoars, AnabloarticloissummaJ up by urging on all whom it may concern thosi three great lessons- strict dull, tttistnorthy ano experienced officers, and habits of subordino tion. Independence threatens to bo the rum ol Tho Daily Neus, which has adopted an oxtra ordmaiy lôle ou tho Amènera quostion, thinks th it the first great collision must " put an end to nil hollow and decoptivo schemes of compromise. Tlio grand controversy must ho fought out. Tho | defeat will tond to protract the war, but the delay will work to tho advantage of the North. To talk of coming to an understanding with a, confedera- tion avowedlj based on slavery, and living on term'; of peace and amity with it, is out of tit3 question." And yet, with monstrous moon fcistencj, this rabid print contends, with a thorough Yaikco vohemoneo, for tho re incorporation of this iccursod thing with tho Union-for tho ro marria¡,o of the happily divorced ' Tho Econo- mist, m a nnsteily muelo on " What may bo ia America, regaras it as almost certain that "a bocond redorai defeat would so disgust aul disuearton tho shouters for the Union that tho contest would bo abaudonod on the m Etant The people would then refuse to giva nnj moro supphos to a Govornmont whioh ¿hay chnrge with incompetoncy or with treachery. Tue army would refuso to fight undoi generals whoäa .n cry manccuvi o thoj would denounce, and whoso Heads thoy would demand Tho party advorso ta tho war - always far moro numeious in the North than tho Unionist party in tho South-would rinso their voices, and insist upon terms of accom- modation , and some day, with scarcely any notice, v> o may receive tidings that any amusties lias been agreed upon, and the preliminaries of penco havo hoon signed " Tho possibility of suoh an ignominious conclusion is based upon tho fact that the Americans nro a totally untried pooplo, of whom no one can predicate anything with certainty The Set aid thinks tho blow ought to tench nil roasonabio spmts that the attompt to subjugato tho South is liopolesB and unwise " A protinctod and bloody contest, waged for an unat tamablo end, scorns to bo tho only prospect open irg upon tho North American Repubho," saya iho btandaid. Tho Dial thinks the repulse will to overruled hy Piovidouco, to promote the emancipation of the Amenoan slaves I will conclude my references with the followingadmira Wo romarks from the Nonconfoi mist - " Whoro tho matter will end it is vain to cou lecture The world has piobably seen enough to to convinced that, whatever may bo the chanca of arms, tho Union is gonofor o\or, Tho Go ?v eminent at Washington may re occupy its cap- tured fortresses and recover its stolen property, 1 nt it can never again ro unite tho South with tho North Nor is it desirable that it should da r o Its present aim is lo vindicate that supre mncy which tho Secessionists havo defied. For this it has ample ícsourccs, should popular cnthu i inBin render them available for a sufficient longth. rf time. This dono, it will bo compelled to nogo TU to such arrangements as will bo rendered uo ccrsirv by a final separation from the South It will, m any event, hnvo to gulp dotvnsomoof ,1 it nnrlri tvlllnl, f.lr n Inn«- bli» TIRS I- lins mi In America a troublesomo and disagrecablo neigh hour. It will certainly not fulfil its ' mantfoit destiny.' It will not carry into effect the Monroe doctrine. But, apart from tho South, wa enter- tain good hopos that the Northern Republic will purify itself of tho rascaldom which now settles on its surface, and hides its real virtuo, and in- stead of a vapouring, hectoring, qunrrelsomo com munitj, mado up of heterogeneous peoples, and covering the whole continent of North Amono», MO Bhall seo, or our children will, a sobor, intel- lectual, virtuous, and religious Bopubho, far mora limited than now in temional area, but far loss tormontod by rowdyism, mid standing far highor in self respect, and m the rcspoot of all other mittons Bvory reverse which does not break tho hpint of the North will holp to place its noisier und moro turbulont elements in their true posi- tion, and to bring to the front, from which they should never havo allowed themsolves to bo dnvon, the quiet lovers of law, order, froodom, and progress." TUE rEDERAL rOTANCES Of course, the tremendous task of trampling out rebellion depends for its success upon securing adequato supplies of hard cash. The prosont expenses of the Federalists aro reckoned at :t 200,000 a-day, or "75,000,000 per annum, ! besides tho ordinary expenses of each separata Mate. This is only nine millions less than our expenditure during tho heaviest year of the Cnmoan war. The ordinary Federal revenue ! «mounts to only £16,000,000, so that tho oxtra oidinary charge of tho war, to be mot by taxa- tion or loan, is about ¡£00,000,000. Now soa how tie Americans propose to raise this trifle. Fresh ti.xoB havo boen voted by Congress, somowhat reluctantly at last. The notorious retrograda Morrill Tariff is not only to bo maintained, but it is to be increased in force by additional dutios. An unlimited creation of Treasury notes has baan authorized for amounis equivalent to 20s. and 40s. oacb, for " national circulation." Coupled vi tit this, there is to bo an income-tax of t tiro o per cent, on all incomes of £160 per annum. Tho measuro was to apply in fair proportion to landed pioporty, but this was successfully resisted by tho western farmors. A t;ix*of 2s. on silver watohos, and of da. on gold watches, and also of 4?. lo £10 on carriages, an exciso on spirits and beer, an increased duty on sugar, and tutiroly now duties on tea and coffeo, aro among tho other means for augmenting the revenue. Ludicrously enough, tho nine socodinj fctates figure with tho rest for their duo propor- tion as contributories. Then thcro is tho absurd proposal to levy duties out at sea on ships goia£ ti portB blockaded by tho United Statos cruisorj. Ubis would bo resented as direct piracy by all inercantilo nations. Now, nil the taxes whio'i have been voted by Congress aro only to sorro ai a " basis for loans," or, in other words, to piy the current interest upon thora. So that, if tha ?nar continues, about £60,000,000 will rcquiro to io raised in loans during tho prosont year. Thoy logan by an offer of seven por cent., and are at Ibis moment compelled to pay ten or twolva par cent., and tho money is not supplied with muoh alacrity at that prico. The six per cent. Trea- sury notes are already circulating at considerable discount. The prospects of negotiating a loan in England aro not at all encouraging, nor will it probably bo attempted till it is ascertained what can bo dono at home. Congress adjourned oa the 0th till the 5th of December, some of its lait acts being to pass a bill confiscating the property of rebels, anti authorizing the ProBidcnt to oatt out 1,000,000 mon, if required. LATBST MOVEMENTS. Prince Napoleon and Buito arrived at NBW York on the 27th of July. No demonstrations took place, as it was the Prince's wish to preservo a strict incognito. His next visit was to Wash- ington, whore ho was entertained by the President vnd some other members of tho Cabinet. Ho in- spected the scene of the lato battle, and subse- quently paid a visit to tho Couf edorates'head- qu»r ttrs at Richmond, which has given great offence to the authorities at Washington. The Federalists aro apprehensivo that this fraternization is only preliminary to tho recognition of tho robots by »ho French Government; and the papers, which only a fow weeks ago were abusing and threaten- ing us, aro now feverishly looking for support and succour from England against tho new coali- tion which menaces the North. There has been a great deal of marching, fighting, and skirmishing iu Missouri, but nothing flint can materially affect the fortunes of the campaign has happened. Tho town of Hampton I'.rs been burnt by the Secessionists. Tho Southern privateers aro reported to bo very active off tho coast of North Carolina. General Pillow has issued a proclamation, stating that ha .»illdrive tho Pederah from Missouri, lio has piomised Governor Jackson to send 20,000 Con- ic derates into that state. The escaped Federal prisoners stato that General Bcauregard intends to remain on tho defensive, and is fortifying Pair fax. Tho Missouri Convention has appointed a provisional governor and slate officers. Governor Wii-o and force havo retired from Western | Vir- ginia, leaving behind them 1,000 muskots and Itrgs of powder in the bands of tho Fodorals. General Sl'Dowell's official report of tho battlo at Bull's Run has been published. It gives the number of killed at nineteen officers and 46) JT cn, 1,000 wounded, and 1,200 missing, on the side of the Federalists. The Secesfciowstj cap- tured thirteen loaded provision waggons, 3,009 'bushels of oats, 2,500 muskets, and 8,000 knap- sacks and blankets. ANOTHER BATTLE. News of a battle having been fought at Spring- field reached New York on the 13th instant, and was confirmed the following day. Eight thousand Federals and 23,000 Confederates are stated to have been engaged, and the action terminated iii the defeat of tho former, with tho loss of 800 killed and wounded ; tho loss of the Confederates ¡B also said to bo very heavy. Among the slain was General Lyon, tho commander of the Northern forces ; Generals Prico and M'Cullooh, of tho Confederate army, aro also reported killed. Judging from the fact that the Fedoral troops retired from the field in good order, they must have conducted themselves bravely in tho teeth of such overwhelming odds. From Wash- ington wo learn that Mr. Faulkner, late Ministor ' of the United States to Paris, has been arrested I on a chargo of treason, and committed to gaol. THE EUROPEAN CONTINENT. Tho relations between Hungary and Austria have reached an alarming crisis. Tho Doak Address, a bold and olaborate document, refuting tho statements and assumptions of the Imperial rescript, passed the Hungarian Diet, without dis- cussion, by a unanimous vote. Tho nation, taking its stand upon its anoiont rights, has resolved to dare tho worst. No overt insurreotion is anticipated; but coercion on one side, and passive resistance on tho other, will be carried as far as thoy can go. Tho Hungarians will not rocogniso tho acts of tho Imperial Government; they will not stultify themselves by sending representatives to the Roichsrath, nor will they pay any taxes into the Impeiial exchequer. Although they do not threaten immediate rebel- lion, yet it is plainly intimated that, should a favourable opportunity occurj they would appeal to arms. The Ministerial journals of Vienna treat the address as treasonable, and uro frantic at the defiantattitudoof tho troublesomo Magyars. The Emperor's rejoinder was received on tha 22nd inst. nt Pesth. It decreed tho dissolution of tho Diet-a measuro to bo followed by a similar execution of tho county committees. It is just nt this moment that the eccentrio Mr. Roebuck, in a speech dolivored in the presence! of tho Archduke Maximilian, at an entertain- ment at Southampton, has been lauding tho Austrian Government, to tho disgust ot ¡ill English liberals. The collection of taxes by military cxeoution is being rigorously enforcod. Meanwhile, the amount of tho troops' lodging money in Venetia has been raised from 600,000 to 2,500,000 dorins. Should the struggle bo re- newed in Italy, this will assuredly be tho signal for tho uprising of the Hungarian nation. And thero are not wanting signs of new collisions, though the cloud bo at present no bigger than a ronn's hand. A marked coldness is springing up between tho courts of Paris and Vienna, like that which preceded tho rupture of 1859 : nogo' iiations of a private character aro going on between Victor Emmanuel and Garibaldi ; and s large numbor of Italian soldiers are to bo put on a war fnotinrr. Tho oxcitemcnt respecting tho rumoured an- nexation of Sardinia to France has subsided, but it must not thence bo inferred that tho project ia abandoned. Tho exposure and denunciation of the plot created a tremendous fermentation in Paris. A well-informed correspondent says that tho im fioBSibility of hoodwinking or taking in our Ministry ins occasioned excessive vexation in offioiai circles. Tho repeated and spirited doolarations of Lord Palmerston in Parliament, and, still moro, tho emphatic warning of Lord John Bussell on Mr. Kinglako'a motion, havo both alarmed and embittered the French Court. It is hinted that a moro desperato game, with heavier stakes, will be played. This is the timo of year when secret conferences between sovereigns tako place-whoa new alliances are contracted, and fresh conspi- racies hatched. Napoleon's designs on tho King of Prussia havo Bignally failed. On the plea of ill-health, but ically to avoid giving umbrage to Russia, Aus'ria, and the Gorman prmoo3. Frederic William baoked out of his half-promisoa visit to Chalons. In lieu of having for a guost this illustrious royal parsonage tho King of Sweden has boen entertained both at Paris and London. Considerable political importance is in the north of Europe attached to this visit ta the two Wostorn Powers. Eussia is especially uneasy about it, fearing that it bodes no good to her. It is bcliovcd that the consolidation of Sweden, Norway, and Denmark into one powerful Scandinavian kingdom is on the tapis. You will probably hear moro of this anon. It was extensively believed that the scandalous altercation reported last month between General Goyon and Monsignor Morodo, would precipitate tho solution of the Roman question. The affair created quito a sensation in Paris, and for two or three wceles tho papers clamoured for tho aban- donment of a Government which [insults its benefactors tho moro generously it is treatod. The dismissal of tho obnoxious Minister was de- manded, and distinctly refused by tho Pope, Tho latest form of tho deeired solution is, to assign an ample residence and rovenuo to tho Holy Father, and give for his protection a joint gnrrison of French and Italian troops. But the obstinate old man will listen to no compromiso. The " situation" is unusually strained at present, and a chango cannot bo far distant. Ultramon- tano protension and porverseness aro rapidly wearing out tho patience of tho Imperial Govern- ment. A good deal of amusement at the Pop J'S OX pcnse has been occasioned by tho publication of a elctailod account of the v'iFÎt of Father Giacomo -Cavour's confessor-to Romo, whithor ho was summoned, on treacherous pleas, to givo ft de- scription of tho great statesman's last hours. The angry old Popo endeavoured, by alternate coaxings and threats, to extract from the Father some admissions of tho count's recantation and repentance ; but tho bravo priest firmly with- stood the supremo head of the church. It was rumoured that Giacomo, for his contumacy, had been lodged in the Inquisition and deprivod of his curú, but tho former does not appear to bo true, for hefjis reported as back again safely ia Turin-quito tho idol of the people. Just na ovory truo friend of Italy had begun to rejoico in learning that General Cialdini was, by his extraordinary energy, making great progress in tho extinction of brigandism in Naples, wo are startled and grieved to hear of his resignation. Ho had inspired- all classes with confidence, and elicited a vast amount of popular enthusiasm. 11 o was doing his work bravely. Seizures, cap- tures, discoveries of plots, and deportations of uEsassinsnnd Bourbon mercenaries, were constantly reported. Tho causes of this deplorable stop aro nt present involved in obscurity. Ho seems to havo given offonco to the Government at Turin, by appealing for support to what is known as tho ' party of action, anti placing confidence in soma Garibaldian and Mazzinian partisans. It is, however, darkly hinted that in this mattor the King's Government aro scarcely free agents. Tha real enmity to tho revolutionary party is tracod to Paris. If thoro bo any foundation for this suspicion, it furnishes another proof that Napoleon haB no wish to seo Italy tran- quillized and settled. Cialdini's abdication of tho civil functions of tho Southorn Government is regarded as quilo a calamity forthat country. Tho Marquis d'Azeglio has penned a letter on the present condition of tho Two Sicilies, in whioh ho condemns the policy of incorporating Southoru Italy, and which attracts a good deal of alton I finn. Tho Pans papers, a fortnight ngo, spoko of tho discovery of a terrible plot against the lives of the Emperor Aloxander and tho principal members of tho Impct ial family. Soma of tho highest members of the nobility, and Eomo leading funa tionancs of tho stato aie described as having boan implicated in tho conspiracy Tho story is gene- rally discredited. 'ino restless state of Poland is manifested by tho continuance of potty outbreaks and conflict? between the people and tho soldiers One of theso took placo on tho 8th inst, when the military interfered to prêt ent an illumination of tho city On tho two following days tho streets woro crowdod, hut no collision occurred. Attempts Mere made to get up a demonstration on the 12th -the anniversary of the former union of Poland with Lithuania. Eveij thing passed off quietly, all shops wero closed, and tho churches wera crowded Anolhei demonstration took place at Lubbin, where several noro wounded, Threo engagements havo recently taken place in tho Herzegovina, in which tho Turks wero vi: tonouB Omar Pacha has, however, isi,ued a pro- clamation, declaring that tho Sultan accords all tho demands made by the Montenegrins. j HOME AM AIRS I Iho domestic annuls of the past month havo been signalized by no incident of moment. A few lines will put tho Australian public m possos Bion of " tho situation ' On the Oth inst, aftor Bix months spent in busy idleness, ncr Majesty, by commission, relieved our legislators from fur lier attendance at St Stephen's, and has thus terminated ono of the most barren sessions that wo havo had snico tho Reform Bill A moro meagre array of measures pasBod, or work achieved, has seldom been reviewed by a liberated Legislature. The history of the session has boon summarized as usual by our journals, and it is noteworthy that, of whatever parties thoy aro tho representatives, and of whatever politico! views and principles thoy aro tho oxponents, thoy with singular unanimity agree in inscribing a similar epitaph upon tho defunct session. Among Lord Pnlmerston's last words before the coi tain dropped, and tho Ministerial actors retired, was a further declaration of the necessity of building iron ships with greater despatch , he pronounced any agree- ment with the French as to tho relative torca of naval armaments both impracticable and undcsirablo, ho spiritedly denounced the Papal brigands who aro disturbing the peace of Southern Italy, and, in order to cast a spoil over the Irish malcontents, held out a hope to Ireland of a new Galway contract, to the great joy of MecErs Lever, Daly, Roebuck, and Co. The King of Sweden and Prince Oscar havo been on a visit to Her Majesty, at Osborne After witnessing a grand review at Aldershott, thoa j royal visitors dined with Lord Palmerston, at tended the Haymarket Theatre, and inspected our arsenals and dooks, and some of the principal lionB of the metropolis. About the same time the Archduke Maximilian-the Bailor princo of Austria, and the most liberal of the Hapsburgg-. Has hero on business as well as pleasure. He carno to inspect Southampton, with regard to ita eligibility as a starting-point for the proposed line of steamers botwoen England and Trieste She occasion was seized by the mayor to fCtc and fcaBt the illustrious stranger, who was accom- panied by the archduchess. On tho 21st, Hor Majesty and the Court took their departure via Bolyhead for Ireland, where she lias received a most enthusiastic reception. Contemporaneously with the Queen's arrival in Dublin, tho Social Scienco Congress, which for ten days previously had been flooding the IriBh capital with valuable and varied information, closed its sittings. The proceedings of the session wero inaugurated by Jbat " old man eloquent," Lord Brougham ii another of thoso wonderful speeches of 'his which amaze everybody by their opulence of \¿ loimation and purity and vigour of style. Liberalism ia just now sitting in sackcloth and BtheB. Tho new seat lately appropriated by Government to South Lancashire has, in the electoral contest, been "appropriated" by tho Conservatives. This stronghold of the manufae tuting interest is now represented by turee Tories. She Liberal party, of allBhades, is aghast, and its organs in concert are chanting itB requiem. Tho reality and rapid growth of the Contcryalivo ra action, solong denied, is now almost universally admitted, and of course bewailed. The chief causes assigned for this retrogression are, the indifferentism and treachery of Palmerston, and iho pampered condition of the manufacturing and trnding classes, who aro now in possession of all their fathers onco so strenuously battled for. In my opinion, theso aro not tho truo or chief ícnsons of tho change. Tho fact is, though it is hard for them to bolievo the unpalatable truth, tho Mnncbcstormen are at n heavy discount. They ai e distrusted as disingenuous mid unsafe. We can- not reposo the honour and dignity of the country in their hnnds. Their credulity regarding Napo- leon amounts to a dangerous infatuation, i Then tho crash of their darling institutions in America ¿as further served to discredit them. Onc-idea-ed, dogmatical, and pervorse, the world's great move- ments teach them nothing now. The silent Î»rayer of tho bulk of tho peoplo is, to bo saved rom the dominance of these mon, in finance, foreign politics, and our insular dofences. Am iralia, if wiso, may learn many valuable lessons from what is passing among us at this time. Colonel Peard, who is a Cornishman, has lately been entertained by his compatrio is, to whom hu cave his own version of the Garibaldian story, The Volunteers aro about to havo n camp, with clubhouse, ka., at Aldershott, presented to thom hythe ladies of England. Tho family jen els ol tho late Sultan have just been sold by nucí ion in Bond-street. The success of Blondín has pro duced numerous rivals, conspicuous among whon I if a female, who bos crossed tho Thames fron Cremorne?. Tho death of Lord Horbort has been suc- ceeded by the domiso of the Duke of Buckim;. Ism ; Montagu Villiors, Bishop of Durham, of cheese notoriety ; the Rev. Honry Townley ; the Rev. Samuel Jackson; and Madame Ca'thorino Hayes, Tho builders' strike seems as far from a termi nation as ever. Tho Daily Nevis has abandoned the causo of the men, which it pronounces ua lound and untenable. I commend a series of exhaustivo anieles on the strugg!o,in tho colunias cf that papor, to all who are interested in tho question. A now scale of post-office salaries hu been announced, but tho employés hàvo pro- nounced the ndvanco insufficient. The following colonial appointments, many of which will possess specinl interest to my anti- podean readers, were the other day announced ia 3hc Times with a considerable flourish of trumpets :-" Philip Edmund Wodehouse, Esq., C.B., Into Governor of British Quiana, is to Miccced Sir George Grey at tho Capo pt Good Hope ; Francis lliucks, Esq., now Governor of Iiarbadocs, is to succeed Mr. Wodehouse ia Biitish Guiana ; JameB Walker, Esq., now Sec 3 clary of Barhadocs, who lins for Borne timo temporarily administered several governments, is to succeed Mr. Hincks at Barbadoes ; the lion. Ait bur Gordon, the youngest son of tho hie Earl of Aberdeen, is to succeed tho Hon. Henry Manners Sutton in Now Brunswick ; > Colonel Goio Browne, C.B., late Governor of New Zealand, is to succeed Sir Henry E. F. Young ia Tasmania ; Sir Dominio Daly, lato Lieutenant Governor of Princo Edward's Island, is to fuccced Sir Richard Macdonnell in South Aubtralia ; J. S. Hampton, Esq., formcrif Controller-General of Convicts in Tasmania, is to succeed A. E. Kennedy, Esq., in ¡Western Australia; Thomas Prico. ESQ.. now Vim/eat of tho Virgin Islands, is to succeed LieuUiMA Colonel Ord, lately promoted to Bermuda, ia Dominica: Charles Nesbitt, Esq., now Secreta!» in tho Bahamas, is to succeed E. E. litre, Efq , in St Vincent: James R Longden,Esc, now Secretary in the Falkland Islands, ii to Succeed Mr. Prico in the Virgin Islands. Mr. Gustav us V. Brooko, tho tragedian, whoa departure from Melbourne, it appears, wa attended with somo conjugal infelicities, armed in Dublin a few days ago. Tho ti ¡al of tho Baron do Vidil, for mi liciously wounding his son, with intent to murder him, took placo on Friday last, tho 23rd, As on former occasions, tho young man abso- lutely refused to give any ovielenco which might tend to implicato his father, for which contempt of Court bo was sentenced to ono month's im- prisonment. In the absenco of tho son's mater»! testimony, tho extreme criminal intention coull not bo supported. The jury found the pusoner "Guilty" of the offence of unlawfully wouudia» his son under circumstnnces affording no justifi- cation for such an act, and the judge condemned him to twelve months impiisonment and tard labour. A frightful accident occurred yesterday (Sun any) morning on the London- and Brighton Bait way, which, it is to bo feared, will provo tia most disastrous in respect of the destruction c1 human life that has yet been recorded in lib country. At an early hour in the morning«!! excursion train, with between 300 nnd'lOOpií rcngprs, from Brighton, had reached and entered arrested through some cause not ascertained, While in that position the ordinary passenger train carno up, and also entered tho tunnol, ïïfcfJ a collision of courso ensued. There, witli dark- ness to heighton tho horror, a carnage took pla« amongst the hapless occupants of tUo.cairi»»ei of nn nwful character, Twenty- th'reo wen hrought out dead, and upwards of thirty w11 injuries of various degrees, many of which rauit ultimately provo fatal. ENGLISH COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE, v LONDON, AuauST 25, It is long since tho national mind has beena f o hopeful und cheerful a mood as at the pmal period. Tho aspect of thingB contrasts'ploasiijlj with tho gloom, despondency, and dismay, ula Lccloudcd the autumn of 18G0. Wolli do f re- member tho perpetual rains, the chilling and Bi- ting moisture, tho unripencd fields, 'tho mind crops, tho sunless skies, and the doleful pt* pects of this time last year. Happily all ttiiii changed in tho present glorious season,'' Anotner Mick harvest as the last would havo plungeJ England into a condition fearful to contemphK. It i would havo boen synonymous with fantuu prices, íestricted employment, suffering arnon* D'O mnsPCP, discontent, disaffection, and «gi» lion. It is not only that wo should have twenty millions moro to pay, but that wo should al»!» io at least that amount in a moro impovoruM roBition. Ti oin this beaty aggravation of on anxieties, arising from Amorican confusion u! continental unccilainties, wo aro mercifully deb vcred, for tho ampio harvest which is now being» I tidly garnered will materially holp us to pi» If Bcathod through the alruegle and suffering whici J appear to impend. The Times, somewhat in ' spirit of exaggeration perhaps, estimate ti* worth, to England alone, of some of tho map* cent harvest-days wo havo had, at two milli* per diem. It is of course premature nt prestí to estimato tho quantity of corn on tha grono4 ¡ cr already carried and stacked, or threshed »1 laken to market. From most quarters Ile «. ¿orts aro highly satisfactory ; but in othen« appears that tho yield is thin. The quintil?' fpiing-sown wheat this yoar is greatly in eic* of tho average, owing to the wetness of tbep** nuttunn, which, in many parts, renderedantutí' Bowing simply impossible. The amount »Ö the spring corn will yield is hardly yet a tw question. From most parts of the country * Bin uncos aro daily arriving that tho quilty* tliiii year's wheat, as compared with the WI is excellent, and it is being harvested tu» ibu most favourable conditions. Oat« ö coming down, fuller and heavier than ft? wove expected to do, although their aft* anco has all along justified high estimate* Some exceptions to this promising itali« agricultural prospects, as might ha erptw occur in cortain localities. Complaints of If rains, and consequent injury to tho crop«, C° from tho Houlh-west district» of the country,?' ticulnriy from tho extremity of South W Jtongh Btormy weather has pravaded for a weak 0I tvfo m Ireland, and within tho last few days fe bave had unfavourable tidings from the north 0f Scotland, where the crops have been laid ani devastated by heavy tempests of thunder, light- ning, and torrents of rain. Thoso exceptions, however, only servo to enhance the national cladneBS and gratitude for the general maturity and oxcollenco of the crops. passing beyond the limits of our own shores, various reports reach us from the groat corn growing countries of the world. The most unf.» tourable accounts come from Franco, where the deficiency is very largo, and almost universal. Ia consequence of this partial failure, there is an extensive demand for imported wheat at Mar- seilles and other towns in tho south of Francs. Genoa is doing on immense Btroko of exporting business at the presont timo. Gloomy reports reach us from some parts of Italy, where every- thing is boiug parched up and destroyed by a protracted drought A serious deficiency is ap- rehended. Three fourths of tho crops of boam and Indian corn nre said to be lost through tho extraordinary heat of tho weather. The pro valenco of an auspicious season in Belgium, Hol- land, and Prussia has assisted harvest operation} there. Good accounts como m from Odessa, from Trieste, and from Algiers, whore tha farmers aro busy threBhmg out tho new crop. Irom the two Canadian provinces we havo choor nig advices, whilo America is enriched with cropä which have seldom been surpassed. Two or throe weeks ago harvest was proceeding prosperously ia Southern Ohio, Indiana, and Pennsylvania, Owing to tho tremendous prossuro of the war, und the urgent necessity for plenty of hard cash, tho Americans will find an unusual stimulus to realizo their immense surplus of produce as fast ¡is possible Tor tho sake of ready money, they will probably be anxious to Bell it to us at reduced prices This is an agreeable prospect for England, and will materially contnbuto to the ro- he f of tho trade and finance of the country, while, on tho other hand, the lowor pnces which will rulo in the corn market will probably increase ile disinclination of the Western farmers m America to supply sinews for a hopeless war of mbjugation. Tho line seasonable weather and the bountiful liesB of the harvost havo tended to impart un w onted ease to the money market. The Bank directors have made two reductions in tho rato of discount Binco the mail of the ZGth ult. Tho first relaxation, from six to fivo per cent, took plaja on tho 1st inst, and this was followed on tho 15t'i I y a fin thor induction to four and a half pjr e ont I is not probable that it will long staul at ihn point Supphos being ampio in tho bank tiensury, and largo accumulations being in tho hands of bill brokers and discount establish- ments, while, owing to tho stagnancy of trado, tho best class of commercial billB aroscaico,thero has been consideiable competition among tho lioldets of lomablo capital This has had a tan dency to depress rates, so that for a week past i ho n\erni,o given in tho open market has fcarccly exceeded four per cont -hero is a gene ral expectation that, following the irresistihio coiirso of tho market, the Bank directors nt then nc\t court meeting will lowor ¿hair minimum to four per cent Such a stop would be quite warranted by the presont position of tha Bank, whoso stock of bullion shows a steady in i rcaso from week to woek Neaily all tho larga irnvnls of Bold from Australia have gone to tho i cllnri in Threadneedle street, whilo tho with drawals for c\port havo beon quite insignia i.nnt Under thcso favourable auspices the internal trade of the country is slowly reviving. Tho r^plendid weather of tbo past fortnight has im proted the demand from the agricultural dis mets forneirly ill sorts of commodities, whilo tlie declining price of provisions has imparted tome encouragement to manufacturing pro- ducéis The woollen, lace, hardttaro, and va nous othoi trid es have felt tho boneht of those changes, and they aro moro actively om plojcd, but thoro is no general improvement in tho cotton tiado of Lancashire, while ap- prehensions aie increasing as to the supphoï of cotton. Sinco tho battlo of Mauas3as, and tbo consequent probability of a protraetîd ttniffiilo between tho North and South, tlia j prico of cotton has greatly mcroasod, to tho I "¡ei lous embarrassment of tho manufacturing in ' turest A letter on tho prosent aud prospective Etipply of American cotton, from i coriespondont largclj mtetestod m tho trado of Lancashire, bajs "On tho 9th of August in this year tin stoclt of American in Liverpool was 700,000 baloi, nnd not a balo Pt sea This, thoicforo, iB tin total supply until tho blockade of tho Souther i potts is raised, and, with tho samo weekly ri inurements as last j cm, would all bo absorbed ni fifteen weeks, or say, by tho2lstof Novombar Tho late advicB fiom Now Orleans (July 2î), whero moio than fifty per cent of tho crop is annually received, show that a paction has bson isrced on thoio by all tho faetón, recommending ) lanters to abstain fiom sending down to ports o£ ¡dnpmont a singlo balo ni long as the blookida exists-aeh ice that will doub less be followad It is manifest, thaicforo, that our future supply is \cry íenioto, and that tho well being of ou nianufae'uring classes is jeopardized, and I thro v out flus timely word of warning, that thoso who n it mos concerns maj, by judicious counsels indcavnn to ameliorate if not to avert, t'u f miine th vt is impending " Tho nnpiotomont in the monoy markot will piobrtbly eiiublo 'ho Indian lailway compañías io i loco somo amount of their debentures To t-udi c\ cut PS this ma bo accomplished, it will i ot h° necessary for bir Charles Wood to exor . io thr poTr of Hsumg India fivo Dei con*-, i-tocl a )ioi er now held bt lum to the extent ot tAOOO.OOl) \n instalment of twenty p°i cent of tho last Indi in loan of £1,000,000 fell duo on Tuesday lut, but fiom tho previous pijraonts in full, only tbout £500,000 bad to bo prov ided. A fm thor iiuount of about á,l7G,000 stock was completely paid up on tho present occasion, so that tho tot ii sum now leceivod by tho Government on account of tin loan is lather moro than ïu 200 000. Tho paj mont of the million Vic tonn i divay loui was also ciisctcd without any nai ticulur pressure on tkomaikot. It occasionol n incicnsed demand on the Stock Exchange for i fou days. Tho continental oxchangos are generally firm, -lid fivomablo to England, The following aro the riles of discount in tho chief cities of the Continent - I Bank Hate Opon Markot Por cent Por oonf liri e* ^ Mun ß 51 1 rilli 4 2i Ti nkfort 1 2 Amsterdam I 8 8 mrm & t> Urufieols 3 8 Hamburg . -? BÎ Et Potcrsbu-g_ .. I 7_ Tho monthly return of tho Bank of Tranco, mado up to the 8th inst, has boen published in tho Aíomícu). Tho bullion has been increased I j £186,800, so that the present Btook ia "15,790,779 The discounts show a slight in- crease of £102,000, a eircumstanco that does not mdica'o much, if any, improi omeut in trade. 'Iho circulation has boen enlarged by £1,070,000, probably through tho railway extensions and the operations of han est, and tho Troasury balances aro £021,000 higher, through payments for the lailway bondB just negotiated The advances have fallon off, and the current accounts have declined £81,000. Consols have boon bteadily improving through- out the month, and havo established an advance nf one mid a half per cont This is partly attri 1 ntnblo to tho favourable harvest weather, but (IncHy to tho case in tho money markot induoing purchases of stock on banking account. It is i emarkable that many of thcso investments aro on bebalf of Iroland Owing to the high prtco to which the Indian loan has risen, tho public aro again turning their attention to tho funds. Exchequer bills havo also participated m the tihanee Tho dividends of our principal railways oxhibit the effect of the paralysis of our domestio trade, as well as of the unfavourable woathor of lait winter Most of tho companies divido tmaller pronta than usual among their propnota ties These unwelcome disclosures had a tom rorary deprersing effect upon the market valtto of the aliares, but thoy havo rapidly ralliod under the combined iniluonco of public invest- ments and speculative purchases . American stocks and shares have, of course, I ecn depreciated by tho disastrous intelligence from nci oss tho Atlantic Our market for australian securities has im- proved considerably during tho past month. The entire balance on tho million of Victorian dobon tuics B vi paid up on the loth inst, and thoy aro nott in much groater favour with the public The lartial failure which attended the loan ought to convmco your Got eminent, however, that out market for such securities is only of a limited i ature Thejndian Loan of last month stands now at such a'promium as will give four per cent, profit to speculators, and can be Bold readily in any amount, while your Victoria debenture! can only be disposed of in small pareóla to yielej « rrofi of one and n bnlf per cent, whon th: i en ced iiUticfcl u deducted. ( 1 AU Australian bank shares aro firm at sub- joined quotations. How is it, by the hy, that yonr Victoria Bank does not appear on our Stock Exchange list 1 Would it not be well to make an application to thal effect? The following wero the quotations of Aus- tralian securities and shares on the 20th of August": 'S _j Names of Companies, _c. Latest Prices. OOVBRNMBNT STOCKS. Victoria Oovonimcnt, 0 pot cont. (Jan. and July) Do., do. (April and October).. Now South Wales, 5 per cont. (1800 to 701 .. Do., do. (1888). South Australian, 0 por cent. (Jan. and July) Holboumo Corporation, Opot cent. (May and Nov.) Goolong Corporation, 0 por cont. (May and Nov.) COMI'ANIKS' BONDS. Goolong and Melbourne Kail way (1807), Govornmont .. Melbourne, and Hobson's Bay Hallway (1874) .. St. kilda and Brighton Bail way (1870). Suburban Raliway (1870) . HANKS. Now South Wales Australasia . Union of Australia South Australia London Chartered of Aus- tralia . English, Scottish, and Aus- tralian Chartorod .. Oriental. IlAlIiWAYB. St. Kilda and Brighton Helbourno and Hobson's Bay Suburban MINKS. Australian Mining , lünglläh and Australian Copper. Port Philip Mining Com' pnny. lion AccoidCoppor .. Dun Mountain Copper Mino . Scottish Australian Mining.. North Rhino Copper, South Australia Worthing droat U. Copper of South Australia MISCBMiASKOUS. Australian A griculturnl South Australian Lnnel North British Australasian Land .. Van Dlcmen's Land Agri- cultural . Pool llivor Land and Minorai Scottish Australian Invest- ment .. 101 107 08 97i 100} 103 102 105 I TJn ¡saloablo. B0i 82 Totally unsale- able 1-H Si 1 ox dlv. par to J pr. Î-1 idis. topar. H ?i dis. 20-30 83 _-li COMMFROIAL ENILIUIU/ES After tho onoimoui demands of tho previous month upon tho Europenn money market, no ficsh loan has been introduced. Tho Italian loan, tho negotiation of which was m progress at the date of my last loiter, has proved remarkably successful. Iho total amount of tho applications lins reached an aggregate of £10,000,000 sterling, and the genoral publie ire not likely lo recoivo moro than 15 pel cont of tho amount for which they havo applied. Nothing has transpired at pefcent inrcferenco to any immediate intention cn tho part of tho Washington Government to inito a loan in the London inaikct. Tor tho take of our international nnnty, it is to bo hopäd that tho attompt will not be made. The highly advantageous terms likely to bo offered will, however, present a strong and peihaps irre- sistible temptation to tho lovel s of a seven pot cent. According to tho Indépendance, au Austrian agent is now in London, attempting to negotiate) with English capitalists for an advanca cf £0,000,000 sterling, at soven per cent, ii such be the ciso, tho fact is not publicly known The London Tiro Insurance Companies ma finding their cupidity beginning to recoil disas- trously upon themsehe3 Several founidablo competitors havo entered the Sold, which mo likely to considerably curtail thoir business Alormed by the demonstrations of disguBtand indignation with which their extravagantly en- hanced charges were received, thoy, ufter some dchbeiation, issued a ficsh scalo of terms, in- volving an nvornge reduction of about thirty per cent from the high tariff pi opoted just after tho gTent firo in Tooley street Two new companies are already started, rcspectivolj known as tho "A5ercnntilo"and tho "Commercial Union." Tho capital of tho latter is £2,500,000, which is divided into 50,000 shares of £50 each. Tho sum culled up is limited to £5 per share, the remaining ila remaining bohmd as a gnamnteo to the insured. The first principles of tho company will bo tho establishment of an equitable classification of nsks, as regards both merchandiso and wato houses, and moro liberal arrangements than ruo now obtainable upon Homing and short ti mo policies. The shares of both companies are dealt in at a premium. DIVIDEND MEETINGS, TAILUBES LO. A meeting of tho Worthing (South Australian) Mining Company took placo on the 12th, whoa it wtm btated that the prospects of iho mino aro catisfactoiy, and that considerable reserves of oro had been laid open. Practically, any quantity can bo raised , but moro furnaces woiu required, as until the oro can bo reduced to roctnl shipments to this countiy giye little or no profit It was consequently resolved to IBSUO tho 8,010 Bliarcs ns preference capital, for the purpose of erecting additional furnaces. In answer to a question, it was btatcd that no further capital is intended to bo raised. The half i earlj meeting of tho shareholders of the Bank of Australasia took plnco on the 19th. Iho dtrectois' report, which was adoptod, refers to the improvement in commercial affairs m Australia, and oxpicsses a belief that tho transactions of the euri ont 3 ear will bo satis- factory A dividend and bonus for the half 3 ear, together at the rate of ten pei cent, per annum, freo of income tax, wero declared. No accounts were submitted at tho present meeting, being brought forward only once a year. The suspensions of the past month have not been so numerous as of late Most of those that have been announced aro occasioned by tho America« dead lock. Advieea from New York mention the failure of M ossie Claillin, Molleh, and Co , reputed to be tho largest jobbing houso in that city, with liabilities estimated to oxoeed £000,000, and assets stated at two thirds of that amount The banking houso of Messrs. Alder- man and Gore, of Boston, has also suspended payment. Their liabilities, mcludrng cndoiso ments, aro leckoncd to bo not far from a million dollars, one h ni E being suspended paper. A respectable American agency house at Liverpool, that of Messrs Whitemore and Co , has also failed for £80,000 or £100,000. Also Messrs. Scott, Colquhoun, and Co, of Glasgow and Mon I treal, with liabilities for about £21,045 on this side, besides a small amount in Canada. Messrs, r. Harrison and Co , fancy woollen warehousemen, | of London, suspended afew days since, liabilities about £G0,C00. The creditors of Messrs Jaq, I Coster, Beator, Donnant, nnd Russ, took placo on Thursday last, when a balance sheet was pro tented, showing liabilities extending to J621G.8G3, and assots valued at £108,182 Among the elobts is ono of nearly £130,000 to the executors of tho lato Mr, Costei, whoso namo was retained in the film, though ho died four years ago. Tho ulti jrato dividend is expected to bo about 12s, Gd, in tho pound. At a rocont meeting of tho assignees and prin- cipal creditors of tho estate of Mr. W. R Wag- st! IT, wharfinger, tvho failed last January, a ro folution was passed to prosecuto tho claim of *3B0,00O against Sir M Feto, for commission on the contract for tho construction of the Sardinian " Littoral ' Railway. The oreditors of Mr J. A. Blaikio, tho Aber . deen defaulter, havo just received dd. in tho pound, nnd may got a further distribution of like amount, Tho agitation against the discontinuance of the bi-monthly China mail has bcon successful. The following notice has beon issued by the Post- master-General - " In consequonoo of the urgent applications mndo to Her Majesty's Government for tho restoration of tho second monthly sei vico be- tween this country nnd Ohma, which was discon- tinued lost month, it lias been determined to ic establish this sorvico Minis foi Penang, Singapore, and China will accordingly bo made up in London on the morning of tho 20th inst, 1er despatch via Southampton, and on the ciemng of the 26th for despatch %xa Marseilles ; and thenceforward tho mails will bo despatched Iwico n month, »s formerly, vi¿ -On the morn- ings of the 4th and 20th via Southampton, on tho evomngs of the 10th and 2Gth via Mar- seilles." j A mooting of creditors of Mr. James Grieves, I Australian merchant, who stopped payment about five weeks back, was hold on tho Oth, when a , stntemont was read, showing liabilities about ' £57,777, and asBotB estimated to realizo £38,890. It was resolved to accept a composition of 12s. Gd. in tho pound, in fivo instalments, tho last of 2s. Cd., at fifteen months, to bo secured, besides a special guarantee by Mr. Grieves family creditors for £11,302, refraining from taking any dividend or security until the four first instal rrcntB shall have been paid. The failuro waa at- tributed to losses by consignments, chiefly to Australia, A meeting was also held on the 22nd, of tho creditors of Messrs. J, mid H. Miller, Australian ncrchnnts, of Cannon-Etrcot. An approximate) statement of affairs, presented hy Mr. Turquand, tho accountant, shows liabilities £14,487, and onsets £7,094 net. irrespective of £3,880 dun from Messrs. Minor Brothers and Co., of Mel- bourne, who have also failed, with assets oxpected to realise 4s. in the pound in the Insolvent Court. The losses havo arisen on consignments to Aus« india. It was determined to liquiila'.o tho . «trite under inspection. JAPAN. \---<>\--- MURDEROUS ATTACK UPON THE BRITISH LEGATION. (FROM THE NORTH CHINA-HERALD, JULY 20) The American steamer Surprise has brought us news from Yedo of a murderous attack on the British Legation, on the night of the 5th inst., in which Messrs. L. Oliphant, secretary of legation, and G. S. Morrison, H.M. consul at Nagasaki, were wounded, and all miraculously escaped the general massacre premeditated, owing their safety entirely, under Providence, to the several bands of miscreants which filled the house having lost their way in seeking for Mr. Alcock's apartment at one end of the building where all in the house were collected after the rencontre with the , first band. This is a sad state of affairs. It is neither peace nor war, and has not the advan tages of either. Admiral Sir James Hope was daily expected at Yedo, in H. M.S. Imperieuse. By the latest accounts Mr. Oliphant was "doing well." We have received the following account of the a flair :- " TO THE EDITOR OF THE NORTH CHINA HERALD. "My Dear Sir,-I lately communicated to you intelligence received from Yokuhama of the safe arrival at Kanagawa of the British envoy, Mr. Alcock, and the travellers who accompanied him from Nagasaki through Japan. My corre- spondent's letter bore a tone of the utmost tran quility, without a trace of any anxiety whatever (if I except a doubt expressed as to the out-turn of the last shipments of Japanese tea and silk to England.) "He certainly alluded to the appearance of the comet, and the saying of the Japanese that it portended mighty events, but when and from what direction, their prophecy declared not. Coming events do not always cast their shadows before? " On the 11th my correspondent writes as follows : '"On the 4th inst. (July) the whole party, ex- cepting Mr. de Wit (the Netherlands Consul General) proceeded to Yedo, being met half way, at a place called Kavasaki, by the whole staff of the Legation-Mr. Oliphant, newly arrived Se- cretary of Legation, Mr. Russell (a nephew of the Secretary for Foreign Affairs), also just arrived in Japan, and other gentlemen-an easy occa- sion, had it been sought, to dispose at one coup of ministers, consuls, and attachés! " ' They were allowed, however, to reach Yedo in safety, and to secure an instalment of that rest which they doubtless needed after three and thirty consecutive days' journey- ing. But "one swallow does not make spring," and one night's slumber is not sufficient to recruit a weary frame. Soon after dinner, I am told, on the evening of the 5th, the chief rose from the table to retire, say- ing that the day just closing had been the most fatiguing of all (owing to the multitudinous affairs to be attended to), and he had so many hours of sleep to recover. The rest of the com- pany also retired. They, however, shortly as- sembled again in the garden to admire the comet, which dispersing clouds exposed to view. Most fortunate was this for the dominion of sleep was thus postponed a little longer, tending, with other circumstances, to the preservation of their lives. Whilst they were so engaged a murderous band of ruffians or heroes (in which- ever light they may be viewed), was approaching its unconscious victims ! " ' In less than an hour thereafter those who were awake were disturbed by sounds as of wrangling and conflict, which mingled in the dreams of those who, as yet, but lightly slept. But they were sounds which did not admit of continued slumber- sounds whose terrific signifi- cance could not but open the drowsiest eyes. " ' The Legation is a straggling sort of bunga- low, open to the garden at the back, and having passages leading through from stables, kitchens, and, in fact, any direction. At the front is a large portico door-a feature of all temple archi tecture ; but except to those who come in that particular direction, no obstacle to free entrance or exit. A Japanese house consists of a roof supported upon beams and wooden posts, divided into rooms and passages by paper screens, which slide in grooves between the posts. The trans- verse beams are generally at a height of about five feet six inches from the floor. Such a build- ing is the templo at Yedo, occupied by the British Legation. The Minister's bedroom is at the rear corner, looking out on the garden, and just beyond the dining and drawing rooms, which do so like wise. The other bed- rooms are mostly on either side of a tortuous passage leading from the en trance door to the dining-room. Just beyond the entrance door is a chamber of the priests, opening by a screen into the hall or main passage. Here Mr. Morrison's Chinese servant was sleeping. " 'The noise which aroused the sleepers and awakened all to the impending peril was a deter mined effort to burst open the main door, upon which (as described) the blows fell like a dis charge of musketry. A legion seemed to be at the work. I should think, if there was time for any sensation, those who appreciated the reality of the attack must have felt the cold hand of death- and such a death-upon them! Japanese assassins, reckless of their own lives, seldom leave their work unfinished, and here they were with clamour and yell within a few paces of their destined prey. " ' While the door stood fast, the Chinaman saw the screen of the priest's room slide open and a man in complete armour with sword in hand come forward. He did not wait to see more, but with great presence of mind crept on (in the direction the assassin must proceed) to arouse his master. The man turning into a side room, offered him a few moments' start which were invaluable. He handed sword and pistol to his master, who at the same moment heard Mr. Oliphant in the passage calling for assistance. Mr. Oliphant, it seems, occupied a more distant room, and on hearing the noise of what he thought was a brawl, ran in the direction, armed only with a heavy hunting whip. In the passage, he ran against the two foremost assailants, and must have then immediately received a wound (which is on the right shoulder). Taken in every way at a dis advantage-for, ignorant that an attack was being made, had he been armed and seen them approaching he would have known no reason for firing upon them until they had attacked him- he bravely kept them at bay with his heavy whip, they being protected by the darkness behind them, he exposed by the light of a lamp which they had not yet reached, for they extinguished every light as they approached. " ' Hearing the call of Mr Oliphant, Mr. Morrison drew aside his screen and found him self beside the parties striking and cutting at each other. Mr. Russell and Mr Wergman were approaching, but quite unarmed. He fired at both the assailants, one being seen to fall back* but the other, protected by his armour, was un hurt, and succeeded in again wounding Mr. Oli phant on the left wrist and Mr Morrison on the head. Cuts upon the posts and transvers beams of the passage showed marks of blows which had missed them, and the protection they had received from the smallness of the space. Sensible of having been wounded-independent of any pain, for in the excitement of conflict pain is not usually felt-and knowing 'out of court' the usual nature of a Japanese sword cut, the sen sations of these gentlemen cannot have been agreeable. " The darkness, intensified by the flashes from the pistol, rendered it difficult for the assailed to see their enemies or the effect upon them, but it is certain that after the retalliation, blows in tending to be avenging blows, were struck, and the latter retreated by a side passage, leaving drops of blood and bloody finger marks upon their track. They kicked down a screen of the room from which they were fired upon and in which there was a lamp burning, evidently to lighten their way down the passage, and passing another bedroom, one of them must have entered it. A book upon the table was cut half through, the mosquito curtains were cut across as with a razor, and a pine bedpost, two inches thick, was broken by a blow which cut an inch deep into it. The mat tress was also thrust through in a most malicious manner. By this time, which must have passed quicker than the narration, the six occupants of the building were assembled in the veran dah beyond the drawing room, entirely ignorant of the numbers of their assailants or the direction in which they would come, an ticipatmg only a final struggle and immediate slaughter. Of the six, one was completely dis abled, and amongst the rest were only two re volvers and two or three swords-one a dress sword -not a bad weapon for a single encounter, but less serviceable against a rush of heavily armed foes. So with a revolver-when your antagonists emerge from shelter at three or four paces distance, and do not hesitate to rush on, you are quick if you can give them a second shot, but you will be slain with three undischarged. In this condition, and without a thought of rescue, the windows of an adjoining room were heard to yield to the blows of violent assault the glass crashed, the framework was smashed in, and then the angle of a passage alone separated the attacking and the attacked. The intervening room was well lighted, and the whole side opened on to the garden, which was considered the best position for defences-there would be space for lighting at close quarters, and from the darkness the assassins could be fired upon as they ap proached through the lighted room. But, to the surprise of all, they did not come, and silence soon ensued. The passage from the room into which they last penetrated led (unlighted) in one direction to the hall door and out by the priests'-room, and in the other into the dining-room, by the lamps of which it was strongly lighted. It is difficult to suppose they missed their way in the choice between *His body, shot through the breast, was afterwards found in the garden. dark and a light passage, yet they took the former. The inference is, that they had in turn become assailed by the Japanese guards, and thought only of retreat, an inference not de- stroyed by the fact of their having knocked over furniture and inflicted some wild blows in the same and adjoining chamber in their route ; but supported, by the seige of the main door having been raised, the assailants failing to penetrate in that direction, they only succeeded in driving holes between the heavy cross beams. Here too they were probably dispersed by the somewhat tardy but nevertheless effective arrival of the Japanese soldiery. These now filled the grounds, to the number probably of 200 or 300 ; and with the exception of an occasional cry of 'Lookout, look out,' when a fugitive looming^ broke loose, there was no further sign of danger. Two gentlemen of the legation lived in a cottage in another part of the grounds, to inquire after whom messengers were sent as soon as possible. Some anxiety was felt at the non-return of those, after unreasonable delay ; at length it was ascer- tained that these gentlemen had not even been threatened, and were ignorant of the nature of the disturbance until after the arrival of guards to protect them. Inquiries were also made with satisfactory result as to the safety of the American legation. Probably the British envoy was the object of the attack ; but that would aggravate rather than otherwise the fate of any falling within reach-it would certainly be no conso- lation either to the sufferers or their friends ; but doubtless, according to their degree, any member of the British legation would have been a valued sacrifice. A second surprise (if allowed) will not probably prove such a complete failure. " ' I have not been able to gather at what time or in what direction the Japanese assistance first arrived, but most probably as pointed out in the foregoing ; nor is there any clear clue to the exact number of the assassins. At the moment of attack it was of course impossible even to sur- mise their numbers, the details would suggest fourteen or fifteen, or possibly a few more, say the two who were actually encountered, two to four who smashed through the glass windows, and from five to ten at the front door. There is no evidence of any others either entering or endeavouring to enter the house, and it is impossible to conceive their doing so with- out penetrating to the drawing-room, to which one main passage leads, the side ones only being intricate, the one being lighted and the others dark. Neither would the casualties suggest any great number. Five loonings were killed and seven soldiers wounded-some very severely.# One of the officers' grooms was also killed. On entering the grounds the assassins cut down two gatekeepers, and, passing through the kitchens, demanded of a native servant 'where these foreigners were to be found,' and on his denying any knowledge, they wounded him mortally with their swords. One of the priests likewise was cut down, but was not killed, and is doing well. Amongst themselves, the Japanese think very little of death and wounds-affrays are so com mon. The importance of the present event is the rank of the intended victim- the representative of the most powerful of sovereigns, and the audacity of the attempt. Their deliverance must indeed have been felt by all to have been most provi- dential. Surely such an event cannot be passed over like the previous assassinations. " ' On the next day Mr Alcock and the whole party visited the wounded soldiers. '"It must have been a sad sight to orders, for foreigners with whom they had no personal sympathy. It is said their expression was very passive, but lightened up, when spoken to, with an appearance of good will rather than other wise towards the persons for whom they had bled; they willingly pointed out the position of their wounds, and acknowledged the thanks which were expressed for their effec tive aid. The bodies of the slain assassins remained where they fell, laid low by tre mendous gashes of the nature which it was their intention to have inflicted on our countrymen. Besides mangled arms and other wounds, the mortal blow seemed generally at the back of the head, through skull and jaws and tongue to the teeth- horrible to look at, but of course attended with instantaneous death. Close in the neigh bourhood of the legation, is a suburb called Sina gawa, in a tea house of which the assas sins are found to have held a debauch pre vious to their undertaking. The Govern ment is sure to obtain some information, but the question is whether they will communi cate it to the foreign authorities. The imme diate peril past, the diplomatic difficulties com- mence, and these are almost more formidable than the former; they require certainly much more endurance. Admiral Hope is expected here in a few days with two ships. Few thanks are due to him that he is not too late! " ' One thing is certainly proved by Japanese history, that an enterprise momentarily defeated is not finally quelled, and unless the British Government determines, and that speedily, to support and protect its representatives cast into the midst of hostile principalities, these will sooner or later fall the victims of assassination. " ' There is much to be said in regard to our relations with Japan, which are entirely misun- derstood at home, founded as they are upon a treaty which was what billiard players would call a mere ' fluke. ' My views on this subject I may communicate to you at another time, my present object being merely a simple uncoloured narra tion of an event; lack of time also precludes my attempting more at the present moment. Some details in the above may admit of correction. Remember we are twenty miles from Yedo, with little communication, and the event is not a week old. " ' Yours, &c;, " ' FLANEUR.. " ' Shanghai, July l8,1861. " ' Note -Mr Wergman has made two or three admirable drawings of incidents in the affair narrated, which will appear in the Illustrated London News. "'PS -I have just received another letter from Yokohama, which says that a Japanese mer chant arrived there about noon of the day after the attack, so that he must have left Yedo soon after sunrise. He gave a foreign acquaintance many details which could only have been learned from some of the escaped band. He stated that he had passed the previous day in Sinagawa, the suburb near the legation, that a band of thirty or forty men had been knocking about all day, ending by a debauch, some of them in a particular tea- house kept by an old retainer of Prince Mito, and the usual haunt of his people, that they paid their bill of thirty itziboes, and went forth to the rendezvous, the gate of the legation. Here all were to have assembled at tolling of a bell, which occurred nightly at the same hour in a neighbouring ceremony. Before the time, however, a dog within the gate commenced to bark. Those who were ready thought it was a foreign dog, and that they were discovered. They therefore, on the gatekeeper refusing to open, forced their way in through the side palings, cut him down, and killed the dog. He also said that the village officers had informed the police during the day of the presence of the suspicious band. The truth of this man's statement is evinced by the fact that the entry was effected in the way said, that the gatekeeper was cut down, and the dog lay killed just within the gate. The question becomes important how all these and doubtless further details should be known throughout the village while the blood was still warm in the veins of those who fell. The speedy arrival of effective aid would also almost imply that the Government was fore- warned. It is said that the usual guard on the grounds being called on for aid, refused, saying that their duty was to write-in fact to spy-and not to fight. It is presumable that Mr. Alcock would quickly send these carpet knights about their business.'" ^Bandit #The authorities also are said to have made a return of killed, but this may have been to exag gerate the value of their assistance; the wounded were seen. 