CHINA. We take the following from the Overland Trade Report, of the 11th September, and other China papers:? Information has reached usfromNgnnkicg reporting the capture of that city by the Imperialists, after a stubborn resistance of many months on the part of the rebels and inhabitants. As far as we can gather from the scanty intelligence forwarded, it would appear that that the city was impregnable to the attack of the besieging force, so they resolved to starve the rebel horde within the walls into submission. This had its usual effect, where the besieged are determined to resist, and the horrors of famine raged within the devoted city, until it merged into cannibalism of the most frightful description. After every catty of ordinary food was consumed, and the most loathsome animals de- voured, they resorted to eating human flesh, which was ended at eighty cash per carry, or about fourpence per pound. It is reported also, that three ? regiments or separate bands of the rebels gave themselves up to the Imperialists as prisoners of war, under the impression that their lives would be spared, but they were slaughtered to a man, and their bodies thrown into the river. These were seen in hundreds floating down the stream by those on board the steamers Governor-General and Carthage, and several sailing vessels from the upper ports on the Yang-tse. Kiang. ? DJ. China Herald. The same paper, speaking of the death of the late Emperor of China, says:?" In the far north of his vast Empire where he fled for safety from the hands of man, the destroying angel has- fallen upon him and secured him within the bonds of death. Surrounded by the mural rocks of Tartary and within the wall of Zehol, this mighty ruler has succumbed in the flower of his youth. From these northern heights the mandate has gone forth that "The Emperor is Dead!" and a nation of four hundred millions are cast into mourning. Where now are the vauntings of this imperious prince, who spurned the contact of British power? Where are his predictions that the '* Barbarian" armies of Albion and Gaul would be swallowed up by the frigid elements of northern winter, or the calorific blasts of summer? Like a second Nicholas he has been the first to succumb. And as the standard of England waved triumphantly on the Crimean shore, while the Autocrat of all the Russias gave up the ghost, so the same flag now flutters in the hot monsoon from the lands ceded and conceded to British power, while the Emperor of the great Central Flowery Kingdom and its many tributary principalities, lies cold and stiff within his hunting palace on the northern frontier. Requiescat in pace! Peace to his ashes 1 It is not the custom of Englishmen to crow over a fallen foe, therefore let us leave the contemplation of such an important event in the political history of Chinese Fatherland to the future when the people, amongst whom we have taken up our abode, and in whom our chief interests are centred, have passed over the days of mourning and inaugurated the reign of a new Emperor. a Happily the people are optimists of the most practical kind, and believe in the doctrine that " whatever is, is right." This belief is vastly convenient for the ruling powers, and as a matter of inevitable necessity, the nation sees in the demise of the Emperor, the density of the Celestial Kingdom rolling on in the course of time, and has done for the last ten thousand years. Dates from Peking are to the 24th, stating that great distress exists in the city amongst the people, and many of them dying daily from starvation. Arrangements had been concluded at Tientsin for the withdrawal of a portion of the British troops from that station in October next. There was no Rebel news worth recording. In fact they are never spoken of by the trading people. The bulk of the inland traders have come back, but wet weather had set in which prevented them frequenting the foreign songs. Business however was active. Accounts from Japan are dated Nagasaki, August 24th: They are of a pacific character, at the same time the Japanese authorities maintain a strong guard, clad in armour, at the British Legation, besides our own from the flag-ship to prevent any further attack. Mr. Oliphant has arrived at Shanghai by H.M.S. Ringdove, but has not yet recovered from his wounds. He proceeds by this mail to England on a diplomatic mission concerning our future relations with Japan, as well as to obtain medical assistance. From the ports on the Yangtsze river there are later, advices, but nothing of importance, excepting a report that the city of Nanking had been captured by the Imperialists, and the whole of besieged rebels put to the sword. At Shanghai business is quiet, although a large number of vessels have arrived. The steam communication with the Yangtsze ports has been kept up vigorously and as the floods on the river are subsiding, there is every likelihood of a large trade being done as the season advances. The restrictions which were placed upon foreigners visiting Pekin appear to have been removed, and many parties are prepar- ing to visit that capital. Upon the whole, foreign affairs wear a somewhat improved appearance. The import trade in British manufactures at Tientsin is highly satisfactory, but there is no export trade; and the rigor of the climate is much complained of; extreme heat in summer and intense cold in winter addition to which, dust and flies during the hot weather are described as intolerable. For five months the place is frozen up. At Yangtsze (the port of Newchwang) there is not much prospect of a large trade. The country is poor, producing only peas, pulse, etc, which by a clause in the treaty cannot be exported in foreign bottoms so that ships going there have to return in ballast. Besides this there are several drawbacks the climate has all the objections to which Tientsin is subject? the river is shallow and ill adapted for naviga- tion? and it is frozen up in the winter. An irregular, though a large trade has been conducted for some time at Cheefoo, both in opium and manufactured goods? the only exports having been pulse, &e.; This trade is now on the wane, not only from its having fallen into a direct and legitimate channel, but from the circumstances of transit fees having been suddenly levied, which have stopped the trade. On the Yangtsze-kiang trade appears to be thriving furiously. Native coals are abundant and cheap, but of inferior quality. Rates of freight have fallen materially, being now only one-half of what they were a month or two ago. The autumn freshets have subsided, and the stream appears to be safely navigable. One night last week, an excursion train ran off the South Durham and Lancashire Union Railway, near Spittal, and pitched over an embankment twelve feet high. Some of the carriages were hurled completely over, others partly, and there was not one but what left the rails. The engineman and stoker being caught by the engine as it fell over on its broadside, they could not be next tricated till three or four o'clock next morning, when they were found to be severely injured. None of, the paBgrjngors rewto$wwb injury. More Gold Discovered Gold has been discovered in considerable quantities on the banks of the Saskatchewan, in the Hudson's Bay territories. Some of the company'? servants are represented as being rather anxious to conceal the knowledge of the discovery. But, in a matter so directly affecting men's cupidity, all such attempts must be futile; and if gold should exist in any considerable quantity, we may be sure that thousands of adventurers will soon plunge into those vast solitudes, and prepare the way for their settlement and colonisation. Mr. Russell, the flames special correspondent in America, finds it necessary to defend himself against the attacks of the Southern papers. They charge him with giving information to the North; but he denies that he has done more than publish letters which could only be of, interest to the world, and of little use in a military point of view to enemy or friend. The rumor respecting the marriage of General Turn with the Princess Bonaparte Wyse is now contradicted. A letter has been received from General Turk, in which he contradicts the assertion. The General says, " I have not had the honor of presenting myself, nor of being accepted by Mademoiselle Bonaparte Wyse. A writer in the French journal Le Monde alleges that " he knows it to be a fact that Archduke Maximilian, in his recent visit to England, concluded a " secret treaty " with Lord Palmerston, bargaining away the harbor of Trieste as a quid pro quo for British support against France and Hungary in the coming struggle. About two months "ago the editor of "The British Workman " offered twenty volumes of "The British Workman" as twenty prizes for the best specimens of handwriting. There were 47 competitors, and we find from the award published in the September number of that paper that one prize has been awarded to a Manchester cabman. 