THE NO-CONFIDENCE MOTION. Tuesday'a sitting of the House of Assembly waB devoted to a reconsideration of Use no confidence motion, which stood adjourned from Friday last week. This busines", which occu pied (he whole afternoon until past 6 o'clock, and which was listeucd to by large crowds of persons, was reopened by M". Dutton, who made a lengthened Fpcech, and did his best to give the subject an appearance of freshness. This it was difficult to do, seeing how worn out all its materials were by previous discussion. But the rechauffe presented by Mr. Dutton was Bpiccd with some degree of skill. It con tained ingredients equally bivtcr to both sides of the House, and, as the honourable mem ber said, was not likely to please cither, though he could iufonn them that lie was himself very well satisfied with it. The new matters which Mr. Dutton introduced against the Government wero that the official state ments of the Treasure" were now being fre quently called into question ; arid that there was the Woods case as an instance of the Ministry's mistakes, in addition to those already brought agaiust them. In reference to the railway goods contract he also found great fault with the Hot eminent, charging them with uubusiness-hke conduct and gross negligence. But the honourable member was impartial in his censure. Uaring scolded one side he turned round, like a person who interferes in a pugilistic encounter, end began to scold the other. He proved, hi fact, before he. eat down, that the Ministry deserved the wont that could befall them, but that the Opposition were altogether nnfit to take upou then-selves the task of ad ministering the requisite punishment. He stated, - therefore, that >*he was compelled to blame hoth aides add to vote fqr neither. - This two-edged apeech haddts dueeffect. 'TheOp positionresepted it and tbeTreasurer fonnd fault with it. Butbis eeverityxm this point was rendered mild ' by 'a nmetnbt&ce; of the' service which Mr: button' did for the Minis try "by causing the adjournment 'of Priday. 1 h rough that an accession to the number of Ministerial supporters had been gained; and it eras now felt that, however hard members' speeches might be, " bard words broke no bones," and that, let the talk be as bitter as it might, there was a majority of one safe on the side of the Treasury benches. \- This certainty as to what the result of the debate would be showed itself in the remarks of screral honourable members who followed Mr. Button. Some of the speeches bad evidently been got up for the occasion, and : had to be delivered under any circumstances, but it was like fighting with wooden swords. ° Every body knew that the battle was decided, and that" the combatants were beyond hurting j ■ nek other. Asperities, therefore, that would have told severely in the beat of a doubtful struggle, now, except in one instance, fell flat or became changed into jocularities. Mr. Grundy, for instance, who appeared to have i prrrordiiated a savage onslaught upon the Minietij, only produced the result of keeping the House in a state of laughter, which did very well until lie became learned, and applied to tl.e conduct of 1 !•« Government a question from bis '""friend Cicero," which others might have applied to some honourable members' speeches, Quousque tandem abulere, &c.; Mr. Bagot, who also opposed the Government, attacked their sup porters, and likened the appearance of Mr. Magarry, when in a humcrcus mood, to the cut ranee of "Hamlet's Ghost" with a joke in his mouth—a new reading of an old play. Mr. Parkin and Mr. Bakewell supported the Ministry, and Mr. Mildred adopted the wise course of promising to Eupport tbern, in spite of all their faults, if the Treasurer, in rising to speak, would only unfold his views on the ques tion of taxation, and give the House a promise that he would be favourable to free distillation. Ibis, however, appeared in the Treasurer's eyes to be too high a price for even Mr. Mil dred's vote. He therefore declined the offer, and proceeded to throw himself upon the lucrev of other honourable members. His answers to the charges brought against the Ministry were brit-fly that Mr. Biyth would have been glad to have joined him a little while ago, though he had now discovered so many faults in him ; that the raking up of old ques tions was unmanly and contemptible; and that, with regard to the goods traffic, it was rumoured—though be did not say so —that Sir. Blyth had been interested in the last contract; whilst in reference to Fuller, hie sending in three tenders, and his other proceedings, looted lite a conspiracy against the public service—a conspiracy which the Government were bound to protect them si Jve; against, and this they did by accepting liiu's tender, though they could not have done s > if they had readrcrtiscd and thus put it in the power of Fuller to mate arrangements wiili the other tenderers. These statements ] were replied to by several sneakers, who fol lowed in support of the motion, and the last of whom was Mr, A. Blyth, the mover. He rose, smartiDg under the accusations of the Treasurer, and said that the inuendo as to his having been connncc-tcd with Fuller's contract was, he believed, a concoction of the Ministry—it was, in fact, "a lie." This offensive word, never before heard, we believe, inside the walls of the South Australian Parliament, was, on the ruling of the Speaker, at once apologized for, and Mr. Bly'h afterwards expressed his deep regret thai he had been led into intemperate language, but it was caused solely by the insinuation which had been cast upon his honour. The honourable member, in a clear, and in many re?pec!s a skilful speech, then replied to the numerous speakers wiio had opposed the moiiou. He reviewed the general grounds on which he -objected to the Parliamentary coil duct of Ministers, and repeated Ilia views on the goods traffic question, concerning which he I | several statements personal to himself. This . ended the debate, and the motion, having been ! put, was lost bj there being a majority of one in favour of the Ministry—a Ministry saved by a four-horse chaise and a westerly wind. The Government have rscaped undoubtedly this lime, almost by miracle. \Yc do not regret the result, because it would have been in ivory way inconvenient that the colony should at this time be plunged into the turmoil of a eennral ehclion. But the catastrophe of a defeat has not been aveited by the good generalship of the leader of the Government, in the House of Assembly—the only member nf the Ministry who addressed the House on Tuesday. We liaro frequently had occasion to cail attention to indiscretions of speech in dulged in by the Treasurer, but seldom have we listened to the remarks or that honourable gentleman, with less satisfacti.n than on the occasion of this debate, when Ibe most flippant ^ sarcasms and the most injurious inucudccs were thrown in the teeth of the honourable member for Gumeracho, who had introduced the motion, and of those who were supporting him. The consciousness ti nt he had obtained the aid he needed to enable him to negative the motion of the Opposition seemed to have in duced the Treasurer to assume that cock-n doodle-doo style of address which we hare always looked upon as a damaging blemish in his Parliamentary oratory. There was not the slightest attempt at conciliation. How to say the most exasperating things under the pretence of not saying them apj>earcd to be his direct and studied effort. 'J his failing of the Treasurer's must be dc plorid by his friends who are desirous of supporting bim in liis official career, and who give him credit for great industry ar.d busi ness aptitude in conncctiou with the duties of his pos'ition, because it must necessarily bring down upon liim, and through him upon his colleagues, the cenBurca of the Opposi tion. There can be no doubt that the vote <)f want of confidence which has just been disposed of was chiefly directed against him, although the remaining mem ~bcrs of the Government were included in it. Words of defiance, and heavy blows dealt out right and left without compunction, are sure to return, sooner or later, upon the heads of those who administer them. We fear that the Treasurer, in the struggle in which be has just now but barely come oif conqueror, is reaping the fruit of which lie has himself sown the seed. Although we are glad that the Government have weathered the atorm for the present, yet we have no doubt they will see that it would be scarcely worth their while to meet tlie Parlia ment again with so email a majority as that which they can now command in Ihe Assembly. An appeal to the countiy appears to be inevi table j but we trust it will not be made until a more convenient period of the year than at : present. • 