DEBATABLE GROUND; OR, THE CARLILLAWARRA CLAIMANTS. CHAPTER VII. These things befell not; they were slowly done.-CARLYLE. NORAH COE sat on the stone hob by the fire, smoking her short black pipe, and listening to the news which Sally had brought from Woodacres. The girl, though otherwise free grown, was crooked from in- juries received in early infancy, and rather weak in her intellect. Sometimes she ceased speaking, and swayed her body and nodded her head, humming the while with eyes indicating a near approach to idiocy. ' Well, Sally,' ejaculated the old woman, daring an unusually protracted fit of mental wandering, 'Well, Sally?' 'Well,' returned the girl, recalled to rationality, 'he's been going on so odd, mother.' 'What now?' 'The other night he was talking to himself, and walking about.' 'What did he say?' 'Who am I,' says he. ' Do I remember Aminus Woods? have I a father and mother?' and like that.' 'Don't he know who he is? He's a queer customer.' Sally nodded assent, and then dissent, and Norey began to ponder. 'It can't be—my word, if it was.' 'What, mother?' 'Never you mind, girl. Keep a watch on him, keep a watch on him, Sally, and let me know. Lord ha' mercy on us, nothing's hid for ever !' With which theological and philosophical sentiment the old crone subsided into moody silence, and Sally started off through the darkness again, urged to 'watch him close,' and the conspirators parted. A few days after this confabulation, Norah sent word to an erudite labourer on the farm that she wanted a letter written to her sister. A period of about ten years having elapsed since the last episto- latury communication between the two, this was rather an event, and the scribe proceeded in some wonderment to receive the old woman's dictations. Such an effusion being rather a literary curiosity in those days, when the schoolmaster is abroad, deserves insertion here ; it was thus worded and spelt, the latter being attributable to the scribe. 'Dear Margit,— Had the old misses son any marks, so no more at present, from Norah Coe. This leaves me well, thank God, and hoping you are the same.' Duly folded into a square, directed ad libitum. As if the words had fallen 'promiscuously,' as Norah would have remarked, upon the paper, and being sealed in several places with very smoky wax, im- proved by the end of the writer's thumb, the literary labour was complete, and committed to the post, Leaving Norey to feed the chickens, and collect news from Siily Sally, we will follow the letter to its destination, which it was long in reaching, for Mar- garet Blain had no correspondents, and her sister's directions had been vague. So every postman in the suburbs successively took it on his round, and when about to be consigned to the dead letter office, Mar- garet Blain was discovered to be old nurse Blain, the mother of Mrs. Digs, the bricklayer's wife. Mrs. Digs, like her mother, was no scholar, and after with due womanly curiosity having turned the epistle round and round, and peeped in at the fold- ings, and half cracked the wax, the women put it aside till Darby should return in the evening. It was a very little cottage where they lived, reached by a flight of steps ; an effort had been made to keep the children in order, and to render the two small apartments tidy; an old well-darned plaid shawl was hung across the clothes-horse, and stood with a view to conceal the bed where Grannie and some of the children nightly reposed. There was a bit of meat between two plates by the fire, and a white towel was spread on the table, as a substitute for a cloth, when the preliminaries for supper were adjusted. Yet these ittle evidences of women's affection could not conceal a degree of poverty uncommon among the Australian labouring classes. But when Darby returned, and baring one huge brawing arm, and holding it aloft with clenched fist, proudly surveyed the herculean limb, declaring it as strong as ever, spite of the break, the mystery was explained. A long and suffering illness, resulting from an accident occasioned by the failing of a scaffold, had reduced the family to extreme distress ; and even Grannie, who had for years followed the avocation of monthly nurse among her humble neighbours, had been dis- abled by rheumatism from pursuing her accustomed occupation. While the workman discussed the contents of the two plates, Grannie, with great ceremony, laid the mysterious document on the table beside him. 'A letter; why, old woman, where did you get that?' 'The postman brought it for Mrs. Blain,' exclaimed a little boy, with an air of obvious importance, in having such a communication to make. 'Who can it be from, Darby ?' enquired his wife. Darby laid down his knife and fork, turned the epistle round, heId it at arm's length, in all lights and positions, and finally wondered if it was from home, end hoped his mother warn't dead; for he did hope to send for the poor old soul yet. After a good deal of anxiety on this subject, and some speculation whether it was likely Darby's brother, who was dray- man at a London brewery, had written to say he was about to marry or emigrate, the seal was broken. Now, none of the previous suppositions couid have occasioned so many conjectures, as did Norah Coe's query. Nurse Blain at once acknowledged 'the old missis' to be Mrs. Woods, whose assigned servant she had been, and attended at the birth of her son; but why her sister should make such an interrogatory, no amount of discussion could settle, and Grannie stated her decided disinclination to reply, and hobbled , about the room with as decided a step as rheumatism and age permitted. Darby renewed his attack upon the viands, und the children a turbulent romp. 'The young lady called again, master,' said Betsy to her spouse. 'Can*t you learn who she be ?' 'No, I asked again ; and she just gave one of her oueer smiles, and says she, 'a friend, Mrs. Digs, but I'm going away, and as Darby is well, and at work again, you won't miss me.' *' Begging your pardon respectfully miss,' says I, 'I shall, for it a'nt the things, neither money, that I shall fret after, but the kind words you have given me.' And Mrs, Digs applied her apron to her eyes. 'We shan't see her again did you say Betsy,' exclaimed the workman. His wife nodded, and a tribute of praise and regrets were bestowed upon the unknown benefactress, who, having witnessed Darby's accident, had not passed by on the other side with a sigh for the ' poor man,' but learnt his abode, and materially relieved the tedium and poverty occasioned by that helplessness. It had been the young lady's whim to smile away all Mis. Digs's questions, but her visit that day she announced as her last, as she was about to leave Sydney. 'For ever ?' enquired the woman dolefully. 'Perhaps not for ever ; but at least for a long time;' And the lady extended a soft white jewelled hand, with a cordial simplicitv which contrasted with her usual unapproachable, if kind demeanour. Mrs. Digs had shed some sincere tears, as she afterwards said, rather for the absence of the sympathy of the lady than her gifts; and the bricklayer felt that to her he owed the softening, and quelling of some bitter unbelieving thoughts, which had rose up as he lay on his sick bed ; and said ' I should not suffer ; why should I be deprived of the means of earning bread ?' and which had inveighed the powers of heaven and earth, and he felt more than he would have known how to express. L. A. A -'£W'Gox.d Fei d.— Tbe JJraidu-ood JVVnv of 25lh iflstaiit says ; . —On Tuesday la*i we were shown a beautiful sample oi coart»c gold, obtained about five or ei x miles from an)* of tbc present pro clahncd gold- fields. Wo arc uot in a potilion to name tbc exact locftlity.for various reasons. The discoverer of this new Add in at prcac&t.; and b*£ tacn for tsome time p&Kt;, holding what to fcaid to be a rich rM'»t lie hai spent a considerable eum of money, bat had no returns to consequence of tbc repealed floods. Uuriij^ one of those floods our informant went prospcctinj: some miles from his claims, and after being absent for more tbon a week, be;-t length discovered the present new gold-field, lie in willing to point out tbe locality ot once t)ro%1ded tbc Government will allow him a certain portion of bis own chooain^, and allow him to bold bis present claims, on which he ba» spout orer £700, The gold shown to us is very nuggelty, and the fornu tion of the new field U trap, with much scattered quai-u hprcad over tbe surface, The informant is an old digger, having been on tbe gold-field 6ince 1851— is well kjiovntous; and tbc sample of pold before us (judging from our own expcriencc) lejvdfi an to be lieve that another rich end extensive track of land will bboitly be added to the number of the Braidwood tlelds. JoitK Chinamak.— Between twenty and thirty celestials from Burrungong, yuecd along the outekirtR of the town on Mandny morning lm«t, on their way to Braidwood, where they expect to be permitted to work undisturbed.— Vass Courier. The Gulp Diooikos,— During tbe pB^t fortnight thereby been a considerable accession to tbc population on this gold-Add, At the new ruBh many of the claims arc turning out capitally; the gold obtained being of the purett description. Mr. Antonio Woollier, storekeeper, informs us that be puiohased seventy ousecs »f gold last week. The lute disasters &t; the Araluen have induoed many to try their luck at the new diggings, which, to Judge from the report of Mr* Surveyor jjraaibr, and general ac counts, are likely to turn out rich and permanent. The reports of scientific men all point to one conclusion) viz,, that a very rich and payable gold-field caieta somewhere in ttiis locality, and as the population is so rapidly increasing, and amongst the number luv many miner* of great practical experience, wo cxpoct to sec the Gulf diggings go a-heud rapidly, and take a prominent place amongst the many rich gold-Avals vf tbe colony of N'cw South Wales,— UraMicooa Dispatch, A. NARRATIVE OF A SIUPWEEOK IK TORRES STRAITS OK A VOYAGS TO CALCirTTA, ik tbk tsar 185*. Mr Dr, F. CMirnELt, Superintendeat of the Ooremnumt Lunatic Asylum ; being a aeiies of Letters to a dear Friend. ? ? XjETtEE XV. The« pwwd * *c&rr; time. Kicii limnt Wu parcbrd, and kIu«1 «ch eye. A wrvy time ! A vcary time ! How Rlafod wti v/t*ury eye. When looking veatward, I A Rome-thing in the bky. At first it teemed o little (peck, And tben it aecmed a inlM, It morcd, and moved, sad looked at tut A certain ihtpe, 1 wist. Ootobcr 17.— Weighed anchor at seven o'clock this morning ; the wind was fair, but so light that the boats hardly nude a Jnile of progress in the hour ; yet we were doomed to submit to even worse than slow headway. After a few hours of this tardigrade motion it hauled tound, and blew a stiff breeee in our teeth; and nearly the whole of the remainder of the day was spent in working out of the bay. The Antelope's boat aails better than ours on a wind ; and this has put Us to our shifts ; in order to avoid delay ing the other, and also to enable us to keep him com psny in all weathrre, the men hare been engaged since morning in making a jib and jigger out of a chance piece of calico found in tbe bjat. These wilt be two additional winge, which will gieatly incroase out rate of speed. e have been hitherto proceeding under the aunpices ol a lug sail only; yet I cannot but acknowledge that it lugged' us along gallantly, as long as the wind was favourable. With the exception of the Oracular Abcrdonisn, we are all in high spirits, and cheered on by the inoit seductive anticipations. This is as it should be, and will shorten the way. You sec activity is a law uf life. We have something to do, and in conccquencc we are all new metal, new shotted, Bnd nady ir,r any mischief. Last night we supped off boiled {.eriwinkli-B, a hard fate, and better suited, like garlic, for the dure tneiiorum ilia, than for mine. I cat, or rather only masticated abiut half-a-dozen— I moj'_ have swallowed one or two, for I dreaded the palpitation — but, temperate as I was, 1 had reason to rigret my imprudence. October 18.— We took tbe last look ot this part of the Australian continent this morning I hope for ever. The present incident reminded me of our hnal view of the Land's End on leaving England many years ago. I can well remember you shed tears on seeing the la&t; tpeck of your na'.ive land dissolving into mist and blending with the sea and sky. I entered deeply into your feelings, and respected the emotions which agitated your heart : it was the first eflort you had ever been called upon to mekc to sever the bond of all your earliest asfociations and endearments ; and the etsay brought its moment of bitterness, to pass awiy like many of thoec wintiy clouds which at Best ominouhly obscured the sunshine of our colonial life. To mc who had been a wanderer from my boyhooJ, the leaving ol home hid become ahabit ; and the lift Bight of the gray cliffs of Cornwall then, as the the disappearance of Coburg Peninsula niw, was a familiur pliate in my existence, llesidee, on that oc. c^sion yuu and my children were my companions ; but here in this mcianchaly hour when I tee the re treating thtdow of the land, vast and eavige as it is, wluch contains all that is deur to mc, sinking in the waves — vanishing utiiler such altered circumstances from what they were on my first sepai atian fro.t l y m at Sydney when cverjthing seemed auspicious, aud lending to icspirt tl;e hope of a speedy restoration of health,— 1 feel my spirits sitihinj, and 'the mostcUeer. lets thoughts cr.d perlurbiutms agita'/ing my hiart— I fec.1 in J sill' nut only alaae, an invalid evtn in a worte state of health than at t'-iC outset, but an outca't, a3 it wric. in search of the means of existence und a pliciofre iuje, I feel kr ii all the tiei of life, end every sym pathy connecting mc with the world were now d:s u:lrtd, and my heart struggles to bursting— and struggles the more paL'itully that I am un.ierthj rceihsity of sirothciiiig my emotions in the presence of my younge: companions, who cir.not but look to a hoary litad for at least a show of manliness. I c jn fos this is great weakness ; but alas ! it i. the effect of b greater wcnknits whkh hitherto every incident 3:es contributed to increase. And I -t me aJJ here pirenthcti^aKy in my own defence, that tlnug'n the nature if tiiu; journal, limitej to domestic j.iivsiy cs it i«, requires mc frequently to icier to nij filf, and to Ej ejk broaOlv of this Bains self, yet 1 assure you 1 never do so without a pasg iiud a Wu&h.; and I v: n only satisfy myself by recoUec;iug lhui iifttr jill it ir but another form of autobiography. AVc are proceeding slowly with a fair but very lUlit wind. The buoyant spirits of the crew have sixtfired a sirloue and pe.iniul ilpprfiRsir,n by discovering to-day that our provisions are not only far more daieriorated 1 in quality than was known to us, bat diminishad in quantity t» tlie extent oV one-third which is read-red totally unfit for human use by the cancer of deep and poisenoua mildew froui the damp ; the men otherwise disengaged ara employed j :i pick ing the more sound from the unsound, and exposing them both to the influence of the sau and air lest we should be obliged to tare ou even the contaminated portion before the end of t'10 chapter. 1 atr- not dUposcd to crosk on this misfortune. We are in the hands of Providence. The wind has freshened, and we have already for gotten all nbi-utour diminibhtd and tainted means of subsistence. And here, i:i order to mxiutiin my chi racvtr of a tiusiworlhy narrator. I am obliged to con .- -t a sccret. Woe is me tint I promised to tell you ill ihe truth. Delicacy, begone ! happily you cannot toe my blushes. Well, then, with the exception, of three opportunities— at CairncroES Island, Booby Inland, and Arrawaee, it is twenty-two nighls since I enjoyed the luxury of sleeping with my clothes otf, and I have only been able to change my linen tbrice in that time. I am becoming accustomed to the privation, and, no doubt by and by, habit wili make me an apostle of the doctrines taught by the author of 'The Original.' I do not recollect that he recommended the linen as he did the skin, to be left to nature, llut I think he ought to liuve eatried out bis principle impartially ana dis charged his laundress. I have been more liberal la my c-thicfi of cleanliness tban his doctrines openly taught; I have been more original than 'The Ori ginal ' itself. — No, Tio ; I will return to ' the good old rule, the simple plin'— to change my shirt when.'iu i my power, and wash it when I can. I like my Old habits best, and will r aume them as aooa as good fortune and convenient . afford me the opportunity. I By the way, from the manner iu which many of the ! (indents spoke of the purifying power of clean water [ upon the soul, I incline lo think there is truth in the poet's aphorism as I proved indeed on one occasion. The Jews bold seme favourable opinions about the mind as well as the body being capable of purification in liviiifi springs. Must of the Hindoo nations believe that the wetcis of the Ganges have the quality of purifying the soul from sin. The Koran teaches that cleanlinest is the key of praycT : and when water can not be procured, the ablution might be effected with sand. The Pagans, too, held similar notions. The messenger in the (Edipus Tyrannus— I forget both the act and scene— exclaims, in Franklin's Trans lation — ? not all tho Danube's waves, Nor I'Uasis' ttream can wash away Ihe itains Of tlita polluted raec, — meaning the moral and mental stains of incest. There are many observations in Herodotus, Porphyry, and a host tnoreof ancient writers to the same effect, but not having the works here I cannot point out the passages. 'Cleanliness,' says Addison, 'bears a great analogy with purity of mind, aud naturally in. spiles refined sentiments and passions ; ' and the Rev. John Wesley observed ' that cleanliness was next to goillincis.' But I have no need to consult Porphyry, Thomson, Addison, and Wesley on the necessity as well as salu tary effects of the body's purity. If it should happen that I were placed suddenly in the midst of society in my present state I would hold down my head as ci nfeBsing myself guilty of a grave offence against morality. As it is, I feel that all my self-respect is gone ; end this alone is sufficient to prove thatcleauli nefs of person exerts a direct influence upon the soul, even without knowing the axiom which demonstrates its influence on health. So much for the moral peda gogue— now for the Christian priest. After Granada had been conquered, and Christianity forced upon the inhabitants, the clesulinesB of the people, who had been accustomed to the constant and salubrious exercise of the bath, was looked upon with suspicion by the Spanish Inquisitors as a proof ol lurking infidelity, because, in the opinion of that holy ordtr, people who paid such attention to the purity of the body could not ' mind much the con [ cents of their souls ! ' This was a type —an antitype will be found in the woman whose case I remember reading many years ago in one of the early numbers of the Lancet, if 1 mistake not. She was brought into one of the London hospitals for treatment on account of some chronic disease, which required her sojourn there for sometime, and when, according to the rules of the establishment, she was desired to wash her feet, which appeared to the nurse to be sadly in want of an hour's maceration in the warm bath, she resolutely tefused, evidently insulted by the request. She wash her feet! No! She never washed her feet in her life, mi never would. Hei father, grandfather, wd great grandfather, had never committed so great an act of folly from the hour of their birth till their death, and she would not be the (lr-t to disgrace her family by submitting to such a degrading and unhealthy process. And the heroine actuatly left ti e hospital immediately, rather than break through a good old domestic custom. Bhe ought to hare lived in the beginning of tbe sixteenth century. She would have been sainted for her dirt. Let us con clude then that, with thrse exceptions, cleanliness is a virtue ;— the soul cannot be pure which is enclosed in a tr mpie of filth. I can just see to note that a little bE-bre aumet we were thrown into a state of joyous excitement by hearing the watchful old ccok exclaim suddenly, ' A sail in sight ! ' Every man was in a moment on his legs staring with intense eagerness; and the cook directed the skipper's attention to an object like the tall grey ghost of a ship in full sail on the horizon light setem. I saw it distinctly far some seconds, snd so did four or five of the seamen ; we then passed tbc word to the other boat, put about with amazing alacrity, end returned towards the object; but after retraeisg our Btcps for some distance, the spectre began to attenuate gradually, and soon evaporated entirely, to our deep chagrin and wonder. We then lesumi-d our course you may be sure with very heavy hearts ; for the disappointment of hopes so suddenly excited, so real and conspicuous, awoke in every heart with fresh end vital force, t're whole dormant volume of our misery. What the phenomenon was, must I suppose, remain a mystery till doomsday. That it was no oculsr illusion is set at rest by so many seeing it dis tinctly at the same time ; that it was no bird is clear from tbe fact that it was as large as a hundred alba trosses with their wings extended, unless it was a deeeendent of Sinbad's rock ; and that it was a ship is hardly credible, because we are too near the coast of Australia to be in. any ship's course proceeding to tbe Eastern Archipelago ; and yet every one who saw it — and it is not easy to deceive a sailor's eye — was convinced it was a ship, and could be nothing else. If so, what was she doing there so far to the west of her course- It might be a whaler, in deed; but by what magic did she vanish so sud denly? All conjecture, however, is fruitless. The old cook thinks it must be 'the Flying Dutchman got out of bis latitude.' October 19.— Yesterday at noon we had run over eighty miles in the twenty-four hours, at the same hour this day only sixty ; you will understand then how f lowly we proceed, and also imagine how torturing to tbe mind is thiB slow progress : but you cannot con ceive with how wearied a soul and body I look for ward to the few hours of oblivion with which night blesecB my rest, and in some degree fits me for the following day's anxieties. O holy nipht ! from thee I learn to bear What man has borne before ! Thou lavest thy finder* on tbe lips of care, And they complain no more. I often fear it will be impossible for my wretched frame, worn down by suffering and weakened by want, to support much longer the hardships of my present Bituation. Sometimes, I confess, the wish rises in my soul that the troubles and anxieties of life were over. Separated from all that is dear to me in the hour of need— bowed diwn by bodily infirmity — humbied by misfortune ; half starved ; confined like a galley slave to the nsrrow limits of my seat ; exposed to all the casualties of sun, wind, and wave in a Bin ill o(.en boat, on a sea indented by no friendly ports, and checied by no substantial grounds of h tpe, I may be excused for indulging a temporary feeling of un beppiness aud depression ; alone in the midst of Oi'Eohtic.n and unable to help myself, my thoughts take very diverse flights ; removed alike from the good und the evil influences of society; the pitiful contentions of avarice, selfishness and pride, I have time heie— too much time perhaps — to reflect on my bitter disappointment and iis probable efficts on my health; and despairing at last of this supreme blessing ever hcir.g reft -red to me, and consequently rendered unabi'e to fulfil those great obligations I owe to you, to n y children, and to society, I cannot but fcel rr.yseif segregated like the hunted deer, from all the human family, on account of my incapacity. This feeling may l-3 a morbid one ; but tell mc, who in my condiiiun has exhibited more patience or bjrne reveries with a lighter heart than I have hitherto done- You have it in your power to pass a correct judgment ou me, for I have been as candid with you as im infant. I have never concealed a sentiment, or coloured a fact ; I have never moaned without suffer ing ; and I have seldom suffered without appealing to vcur sympathies. This has been an hour of unusual despondency ; but my cogitations begin to take a higher ar.d happier flight ; I have been hitherto contemplating man, individual man. I can now see men. end I am one of them. I am not desolate, I am cot tbc hunted deer, x aiu etui » m°mW ot the great human family, and I now experience an elevated pride in the consciousness of having acted my pare in the drama of life to the best of my ability, and as long as that ability lasted, and the consciousness of having sacrificed my health to my duty brings me under the gentle and soothing influences of resignation to the will of that Almighty One who has sustained me under incredible afflictions. Ia this blighter tem pi r of mind I can look upwards with patient hope, and downwards with compassion— ' I'\von the lower venous of turmoil, Wbcre alt the storms of passion mainly beat On flenh and blood ; where honour, power, renown, Are oniy pay afflictions golden tuii, Where greatness stands upon as feeble feet A k frailty dotb, anil only Iirr.il doth seem, To little minds who do it so esteem.' Oclobcr 20.— I have been reviewing my last intry, doubtful of its perspicacity ; it is eccsntric indeed, but I leave it untouched. The uncongenial and melancholy reflections it records are only the momentary struggle with my moral strength, and spring, sb I have hinted, from my physical weakness and pain. I never give them a local or permanent habitation in my breast, but dismiss them as soon as my stronger reason resumes its control over the pro cesses of thought. But if you infer from its mode and tenor that I was in low spirits when it was written, you concluded rigV.. I was very ill— worse than I tun describe, or ever vi'.K to be again. My stomach revolted againei tbe biuall portions of nauseous n.ildewed bread lij'lcd out at mealtimes; but I lonct.d p infully but vaiaiy for drink. I gave utterance to no \i ieh, however, because I knew that more than my own allowance could not be spared; the hardworking men were to be first tbought of ; rny suffering wa9 great, my heart sank wilh my failing strength, for I have become exceB- ; sively weak : a strange faintness and dimness super vened : I fancied my affairs with the world were finally wound up ; and considering all things, there is no marvel if I thought for a moment that death was laying his icy hand on me ; but I rallied, and thanks be to God I am very much better this morning from having had a night of undisturbed rest and tolerably sound Bleep. This day wc are iust half-way to the nearest point of Timor. Wc have proceeded only 140 miles these two days; the wind is _ very light, and most of the progress made is by rowing. October 21. — I cannot help repeating that the keeping of a diary in our present circumstances appears to be a simple farce. Can I present you with a correct picture, when all things above, around, and below are coloured with the complexion of our thoughts? Every day comes with aggravated fea tures ; Nature herself looks solemn and suspicious ; the breeze now sighs mournfully ; the sportive waves seem to whicper doubts as tbey kisB the vessel's side ; the atmosphere is a smelting furnace, the ocean a livid and rueful waste. Uur misery assumes a ponderous and tangible shape which is no longer equivocal. Our prospect is contracted to a dark ana dismal speck ; aud our hearts, jaded with the slow and weary progress, sink into a state of intense distress. At our present rate of speed we are yet four days' sail from Delli ; and what if an iinpetuou? ji'-inwa from the north should meet us : There \yju.U1 be an end of this poor diary. Bless the wind ! it has freshened without turning Into a monsoon from the China scj, we hare bees ecudding along with on chaining velocity ever since the breeze sprang up : ami we aii^lit make many a mile more than we do; br. now we sail faster than our companion in a free ft ind, and arc, therefore, sometimes obliged to shorten sail for her, which is to be regretted, because the stock of bread and water being nearly exhausted, the delays may be at tended with inconvenient results before we reach Timor. It has been the practice ever since we left Booby Island for the two boats to come within speaking distance once or twice every day for the sake ol comparing notes and discussing little matters re lating to the navigation, asking after the females and children, &c.; On tbeBe occasions the master or the Antelope makes a constant appeal to our compassion for stores, averring that his men are on starvation diet,— forgetful or overlooking the fact that we ate in the same predicament as himself, and that he had his full share of the stores when we started. Mr. Bteady waa soft enough one day to give him a quantity of out provisions, which we now find had no effect bn his whining misericordias, while it straitened^ ourselves. He now declares he has not two days' food in the boat. But his shafts fly harmless. We have nothingto give bim, yet it is both stxmnge and true that his jaen and himself appear «nythlng but starved. Oathe c»n mry, they look well, and pull with strength and vigour. We are becoming justly auspicious of some mean ungenerous trickery on his part. 