A PROVIDENTIAL APPARITION. The following (vouched for) appears in the London Review : In the year 1828, a Mr. Robert Bruce was chief mate of a barque trading from Liverpool to New Brunswick. When near the banks of Newfoundland, the captain and mate were one day calculating their progress-the mate in the state room, and the captain in the cabin near it. Being absorbed in his work, Bruce had not per- ceived that the captain had gone on deck ; and, without looking round, he called out, " I make our longitude so-and-so ; can that be right ? How is your's sir ?" Receiving no reply, he re- peated the question, glancing over his shoulder, and perceiving, as he thought, the captain busy writing on his slate. Still receiving no answer, he rose, and fronted the cabin door, when the figure he had mistaken for the captain looked up, and disclosed the features of an entire stranger. Bruce, terrified at the grave and silent gaze, rushed upon deck, and the captain, of course, begged to know what was the matter. "The matter,sir,who is that at your desk ?" No one, that I know of." '. But there is, sir, there's , a stranger there." " A stranger ! why' man, you must be dreaming. You must have seen the steward there, or the second mate.. Who else would venture down without orders ?" "But sir,he was sitting in you arm chair,fronting the door, writing on your slate. Then he looked up full in my face, and if ever I saw a man plainly and distinctly in this world, I saw him." " Him ! whom ?" " God knows,sir,I don't. I saw a man-and a man I had never seen in my life before." " You must be growing crazy, Mr. Bruce. A stranger ! and we nearly six weeks out ?" " I know, sir, but then I saw him." " Go down, and see who it is." Bruce hesi- tated. " I never was a believer in ghosts." he said, " but if the truth must be told, sir, I had much rather not face it alone. I'd rather we should both go down together." They went-the captain foremost-but no one was to be found. Taking up the slate, the cap- tain saw the words plainly written on it, " Steer to the nor'-west." Bruce averred it was not his writing, and the captain made him put down the same words to compare them. The same he did with the stewartd, the second mate, and every man of the crew that could write at all, but none of the hands corresponded. When every nook and corner of the vessel had been searched from stern to stern, with all the eagerness of excited curiosity, and no stranger could be found, the captain seriously consulted whether the warning ought not to be obeyed ; and finally he directed the mate to change the course to north-west, and employed a trusty man to look out. About three o'clock an iceberg was descried,and afterwards a dismantled ship entangled in it, with many human beings on board. On a nearer approach she was found a mere wreck, her provisions ex- hausted, and her crew and passengers nearly famished. Boats were sent for them, and as one of the men from the third boat was ascending the ship's side, the mate started back in con fusion-for it was the face, the person, the dress of him he had seen at the captain's desk three or four hours before. When the hurry was over, and the barque was on her course again, the mate called the captain aside. " It seems it was not a ghost I saw to-day, sir. The man's alive. One of the passengers we have just saved is the same man I saw writing on your slate at noon. I would swear to it in a court of justice." To- gether they sought out the man : and the cap- tain, inviting him down into the cabin, begged he would do him the favour to write on the slate. " Suppose you write ' Steer to the nor'-west?' " The passenger, greatly puzzled at the request, complied nevertheless. The captain stepped aside, and giving him the slate again with the other side up, he said, " You say that is your hand writing ?" "I need not say so, for you saw me write it." " And this ?" said the captain, turning the slate over. The passenger was confounded ; "I only wrote one of these." " Who wrote the other ? " " That's more than I can tell you, sir. " " My mate says that you wrote it here-sitting at this desk-at noon to-day. " Some further conversation took place, in which the captain of the wreck, being present, joined. He explained that this gentleman had fallen into what seemed a heavy sleep, some time before noon, and on waking an hour or so after, had expressed his confident hope of deliverance saying that he had dreamed of being on board a barque, the appearance and rig of which he described, exactly as it appeared when she hove in sight. The passenger averred that he had no recollection of dreaming that he wrote anything. He got the impression, he knew not how, that the barque was coming to the rescue. " There is another thing very strange about it, " added he, " everything here on board seems quite familiar, yet I am very sure I was never in your vessel before. " Whereupon Mr. Bruce told him all the circum- stances of the apparition he had seen, and they agreed in the conclusion that it was a special in- terposition of Providence. THE SOUTHERN CHAMBER.-On a moderate eminence stands a whitewashed or painted edi- fice, with a gaunt, lean, portico, supported on lofty, lanky pillars, and surmounted by a sub- dued and dejected-looking cupola. Pas- sing an unkempt lawn, through a very shabby little gateway in a brick "frame, we ascend a flight of steps into n hall, from whioh a doublo staircase conducts us to the vestibule of the Chamber. Anything much more offensive to the eye canuot well bo imagined than tho floor and stairs. They ore stained deeply by tobac- co juice nhich has left its marks on the whit« stone steps and on the base of the pillars out- side. In the hall whioh wo have entered there aro two tables, covered with hams, oranges, bread and fruits, for the refreshment of mem- bers and visitors, over which two sable goddes- ses, in portentous crinolines, preside. Tho door of _ the Chamber is open, and wc aro introduced into a lofty, well- lighted, and commodious apartment, in which the Congress of the Confederate States holds its deliberations. A gallery runs half round the room, and ia. half filled with, visitors, country cqusins, nnd farmers of cotton and raaizo, and haply scokors of places great or small. A light and low semicircular screen separates Jho body of the houso, where the members sit, from the spapc under the gallery, whioh is appropriated to ladies and visitors. The clerk sits at a desk abore this table, and on a platform behind him are the desk and chair of the presiding officer or Speaker of the Congress. Over his head hangs the unfailing ] portrait of Washington, and a small engraving in a black framo, of a gentleman unknown to mo. Seated in the midst of them,at a senator's desk, I vvas pormitted to ¡* assist," in the Fronch Bonse, at the deliberations of tho Con- gress. Mr. Howell Cobb took tho chair, ana a white-Loaded clergyman was called upon to say prayers,wh\ch ho did upstanding,withoutslrotoh ed;hand8andclosedeycsbytheaidoofthoSpeakor. Tho prayer was long and sulphurous-one moro pregnant w 1th gunpowdor I never heard, nor could aught Uko it have beon heard since "Pulpit, drum ecclosiastic, "WaB beat with list instead of a stick," The rev. gcntlomnn prayed thtit the Ajiujghty might bo pleased lo inflict on the arms of the Unitod S^atçfl^ sqch a. defeat that it might be the efampio of signal punishment for evoir,-that tins' President might bo blessed, and, that the ¿tlmr President inkUt he &e; other thing,-that 1-ho gallant, devoten young soldiers who wore fighting for their country might not suffer from exposure to tho wea thor or from tho bullots of their cnomles ; and that the! baso mercenaries who were fighting on the other sido might come to suro and swift destruction, and soon-- Letter of Mr. Bussell to the Timc$.x fro^ Mq/ttgompry. THE ALPACA, IN AUSTRALIA.-In a private Setter receutry received from Mr." Ledger, n urther most gratifying ussuranoe la given of the perfect adaptability of Australia to this valuable animal. Ho saysi-" A point of v'tnl impoytanco has latoly been settled beyond disputo-I allude to the nativo glasses suiting tho alpaca much better than artificial fodder. Seventeen mouths ago I f opuratcd the animuls, for the purposos of cross-breeding, &o.; ; one flock of forty-six maleslhad in lucerne paddooks, one of puro female alpnoas in a plover paddock, and one of femalo Hamas and cross-breeds rang- ing at largo in the natural grasses. Without a question, tho hitter ure by a vory long way in much better condition, and livelier thuu the other two flooks. A lemale llama (to be stuffed for \\]\ç exhibition) will fully oomo up to four hundredweight in carcase. I shall show fleeces over twenty pounds weight." KHYMK AN» REASON.-Whilst thousands rall by clashing swords, ten thousands fall by corset boards ; yet giddy females, (thoughtless train I), for the sake of fashion yield to pain. 