WHATEVER fot0nlatti6 0'0r otherwise there may have beoon for the rnmoured change in the ministry of finance, the time has arrived when the retirement of the present treasurer might be regarded without eny overpowering regrets. Throughout a host of blunders and omissions, we believe Mr. Weekes to be tho roughly honest, and entertain no suspicions whateverin reference to those complications of accounts which have been often publicly adverted to, savet at suspicion, amounting to conviction, of the minister's incompetency or indolence, or both. The "financial statement" with which the country has just been treated is perfectly ridiculous. It does not contain a shadow of policy or statesmanship, and con sists entirely in letting things go on as they have been going, and trusting to the chapter of accidents to set all right at the end of the year. There is not an old woman who ever sold butter and candles at a huckster's shop, hut could manage the revenue and expendi ture of the country on thei same principles and with equally satisftatory restlts. We look in vain, througholut the whole of the weary, dreary statement, for one single thought-the ghost of an idea. We start-for soul is wanting thcrel The public are told, at great length, what they had previously been told in the estimates, and a string of statistics, pirolbably collected from the registrar-general's ioffice, is glibly rattled off; but not one wvord of retrencimnont -not a syllable of redaction in taxation or any re-distribution of the present taxes. The gold duty is to be continued, at the same time that additional burdens are imposed on the revenue. The conduct of tile government in the matter of the gold duty has been most unworthy, fiithless, and pusillaninmous. There wonld have been no cause to comnpluin if they had from the first taken up a bold and manly position in refereence to thisimupost, and justified it, as others have done, on tihe ground that gold mining exhaustd the natural weanlth of the countlry. However some might have been prepared to meet such a position by argument, they must at least have acknowledged that it was an honest and a straightforward view to take of the question. BUt, after at one time clmnouoring against tile duty, then consenting' to abolish it, for the same men now to take advantage of their own mismanagement, and justify the tax upon all miners because the police have failed to pre serve order on the Burrangong gold-fields when the miners could do it without them, savours of meanness and more trickery. Tle simple fact is, that £50,000 will not cover the extravagant and unnecessalry increases shownn by the estimates of 1862; and as the finance minister lacks either ability or industry to adjiust his proposed expenditure to a proper revenue, he considers it tlhe easiest and least embarrassing course to let things run on as they are going, until, in tile fullness of time, the pleasing labour of spending tihe people's money is brought to a dead stop. Whenr shall we hear the last of the sopara tion of Queenslhnd ? That event is dragged into every financial statement, and its impor tance is magnified, while, for some unnce countable reason, not the slightest effort has been made to procure payment of the public debt due to New Soatht Wales from that colony. A mass of figures is presented to us as the railway returns, and what is the consequence ? SOn the Great Southern Lineo (says iMr. Weeoltes) idt858, there wero 344,752 passengers coaveyed; and 26,388 tons of goods. The receipts wero £50,1101 the expenditure, £34,842; leaving net receipts, £15,777. In 1859 the number of pas sengers on this line was 831,681; the goods £31,006 toes thie receipts £49,712; the expenses, £34,296; leaving the not receipts about the same uos the nyear before, .£15,427. At the beginning of 1860 the fares ad rates on goods wsere redauced considera bly, so that though the number of passetgers was e65,284. and the goods 85,213 tons, tohe net re ceipts were only £7339. In 1861 the goods' rates were nagai raised; but during the first six montlhs the net receipts wero only £26413, thie number of passengers being 184,020, atld the goods 10,213 tons. The expectation ot the government, that lowering the rates waould so greatly increase thie trltic as to raiso a larger revenue, was disappointed. Surely the govetrnment could not have ex peoted that tie mere lowering or raising of the rates, without attention to elliciency and economy in management, swoull of itself have increased the revenue? In tile first iplace, the works that should by this time have con r/ected the Sydney rail with Goulburn, have proceeded at the pace of a snail, while tile rate of official expenditure has been like the gallop of a race-horse. After every slight fall of rain, moreover, not only have the ordinary roads been placed in such a state that traffic between thie interior and the existine, southern terminus has beet ittpos sible, iut the railwvav line itself lhas been repeatedly rendered impassable. When busi ness is conducted on a bad system, the more it is increased the greater must be thu loss. So, alao, it nppeas to hatv beeu with the telegraph lines. We quote firom tie trea surer's statement: The receipts in 1860, for telegraphic communica tion,, amounted to £12,133 2s. Id., whlich tally reslised the expectations that Ihad been formedt . Tie total sum expended on 184e miles up to S30th June, 1861, was £83,676. The cost of lines it operation to the same date is £250.593. In 1858 thiere waero 9141 messages seat, For which l£1932 ls. 9d. was I received; in 1859, therere are 300,87 messages setlt, for which e£787 tas received; in 1860 lthero were S2,000 messages sent, for lwhichl £12,133 was re ceived.; During the lirat months of 1861 there were 83,006 messages sent, for £7234. Alfter deducting the working expenses, these receipts lshowed a re. turn of 138 per cent. on thie outlay for 1859, 7- per cent. for .186D,iandt-6 per cent, for 1861, to 30tlh J;;ne. :b that the: oatly result of extending tihe lines, as far as experleuce goes, is that the profits decre.ase.: !, The anticipations of land revenue are, as usual, of a magnificent character, but the minister himself appears to have considered that his-calculations are vsagte and visionarly, and to hane made a joke oil the subject. We again extract from his statement: £40,000 or5,,00), also--which is a largeo sum is expected tomht sale of land supgosed to col tain coal. T ida reesa altat bneces which are to he expected e ur lhnew'lad bill for the remuin ing three smont.tf t ,ear. (Laughter.) I can assure hosorablenembrs lthat on the day follosw uing that on h Ch? Gs 'eroar gave hris assctC to the anoslead hial, betore I could got to 'the tree tury it the jeeraiu., thtso cwre pltt?.c there scut •) ,. . ing to pay money under tihe new land net. (Mhr. CumminRg: They dlid not understand it.) Several parties were thiere. (Lt.uhter.) At all events I found them there, and I took their money, although I was not quite clear about what particular sLan)C it slould to received in. (Ienonwed laughter.) 1 ,avo a reroipt for it, and put it into the suspense fund. (Laughter.) Now, considering that frco selection is not to come into operation until the year 1806, such calculations as these wear the air of something too absurd for mere errors, and at the same time too setolions to be laughed at. The government, through all these dnys of its decadence, has never exhibited mtore weak ness andt incomloetency than on this occnsion. It is to be expected thalnt so flippant ndl hIollow a " financial statemenont" will meeot with the reproof it merits, on the resumption -of the debate this evening. 