THE LATE 11EV. A. M'NAUGH TAN, MILNGAVIB. Funeral Discourses by the Revs George M'Queen, aud Dr Wm. Andoreon, (iUsgow. Oa occasion of lliu dueth of the Bev Alex. M'Naughtan, Mil'i^avie, diicources were tie liveivrj in tbe United Pronbyteiian Church theri', on Sabhatli la«t,— in (ha forenoon — by ilia Bev Mr M'Qtuen. Mr Mc'Naughtan'a res. pec: ml ciilleugtiu nnd f.aoc'.«-or, and in the aftcinonn by the Bsv Dr Wm Andciaou, Glaa. jow. liof;re noticing these discourse, it may notbe out of pUce tn meuiioa a few biogra phical facia connected with the decented. Mr M'Naughinu wsaboin ac Charlei'e-hall farm, piri«li of Ht NinianV, on (ho celehmted field of Bsnnuckliurn, March 28, 1787. He ie ceived I be ciomenli of hia education in Char ter's ball Bch'iol ; itfitrrwaids he Kant for five yoare to Hie Grammar School of Stirling, fn which tlioro were at the time the latu Dr Uende'eon of GaUsbuils, Dr Heufjli, of Glasgow, nnd Dr A Fletcher of Xmo. aon. run eawoi »as unaer me unpuiinlcr.ddiica of tho distinguished Dr. Diig. l-Yi,cn this In proceeded tothoGlasgow Univer-ity, where he passed through the ii'ua) ch-eieal uurrlcnlun. and Ihi'l) attended for four yuais Ihe Divinity Hal. He wja eet tied nx auiini-ler of tin- goppel in Milngavie on the 27i b ol' July, 1809. His J'lbileo was ce lebrated ra ibe'27ili ol July, I8j9, aud he died on Tuesday, tlxi fiili V August, 1801, aged 74 y«ars. Mr M'Naagbtan wa; highly mtoeined in the neighbourhood. On three diffcicnt oc Cdsiotu bu received Biibstantial proofs of the esiimation in which he was hoi J, not ly Ilia own people, but .ihoriin thu l'cality. As an Ecbtiowlodgment nf bis eelf denying and uu liiing ciertiiin« duiin? thn terrible teU'W of choltirn, a puine with upwards of RO aovt. reigns was presented to him. llo wii a pio. ncor iii every go-id wmk, wli.-t!nr for tli« matiiinl, intellectual, or e|-irituM improve ment, nf hh fiilmv toeii ; Sibbafh Schools, Mi'clm:iic's Iivtitiu'es, ^ible and Tract Sucie ties, oHnciliin, t-iiip-mniio, end Clirist'u:i mis si'-ns, ho (i-omotoil tj llio ulmosl of hia ability. The toinparaoco movement fonnd in .Mr Me Naughtan an inlelligrnt, uersevering. zsa luus, aud isiriRnlarlr p-td-^nt frioud. Nobly did h.icooie toiwifd at the formation of tho Afilngavii) ;Vui|-'!iaiicj Sccio'y, on April 15, 1830, and Mgnud tho uledge alon-; with Jiinei hta.ling nnd a fow o'-lmrs. ' lie was one,' dais I ha Rev Mr U'Qa--an, in his funoral ser miiD, 'of the oailieet friends of the Tempe raucu, and afterwaidsof Ibu Total Abatinenca oause. His convictions on this subject, and of. font to promote tho c^u«», never chaozed. It wm tho sulj-cl of bis Ijet Btrmon, preached oa tho nnnivoieiM-y of the tfcoltisli Teinpsr ance Lnague, in Slay of list ye=r, and oliinibt bis cluBins puliiic act waa cu endeavor to make amngiMiioiits lor the resauiption of teinpsr ance licturtM in this flacu.1' Oa the 8th bI July 1801, Mr llNaiightan sent aiMt'Jloa TiL-nd iu Glasgow, urgently ri-quenling him to du'iver an addTesa on ler.i pnrance. in Milngavie Tha lollowins is « brief extract from Ihii-, wo believe, tho las'. ctinimuiiicitioa lrom t!io pen of Ibis venerabls sago on his favoiite theme of total abstiuonco : — ' I hope. y.,u wii! favor our society with a lecture, embracing wilh temperanoo eorua mornl aud leligious tubjact. Two causes have c incurred to oceation my not writiug sooner, for a tima tbostntfiof my boaltli proving not very favorable, rundotod quiet and retiiement advisable ; and also (i scrieB of loo il union prayer or revival moeiiogs, with whic1! it did uoteacDi addEablat.iinloifdre. Tbesi) meet ings aie not now outiotiod, and our temper, anco meetings will in courie be leviccd. An nddre-s from ycu mii;ht bear upjn bith oli jects, lahing temjmran o in its religious bear. ingB nni «B?eo c, and religion in its relaiiouB io tumperance. aud tha mutual fruils to both. I presoilbo nopUu; I merely hint at some themes which vcu will know best to choose und define. Your visit will givo us sincere pleasure.' Ab might have boon oxpeclod, this good man met with peat opposition in his early ef foils to advance, the temperance movement, but be ever remained faithful to Ihs causa, and thereby gieally onuQUraged nox.o ef bis weaker brethren to follow hU example. The fa-herly put ho nctsd towaids od James Stilling ia well known Io the (houtands who hivo perusod his excellent nie'noir from ths graphio pon nr tho Itev A Wallace Mr M'Naughtan always lelt deeply tntereat'.-d in the operations of (ho Bcoltish Temperance League. The discourses on the Babbatb were execod iugly appropriate In the foienoorj Mr M (jueen selected as his text, Ac's xi. 24—' for ho wi* s good man, and lull of lho Holy Ghost, and ol faith.' After sorno obiorvationB on lhe main and more prominent qualities of Chris tian goodneei, llo direcleil alterjiioa to Ilia lovely and eminent model of Christian Rood ness whicii he whom they that day mourned was enabled by God's grace to furnish to them In irnprciwvo and bpautiful terms he re foiroi to the godliness habitually manifcitcd in his late colleague, which led him to the end to take Ihe live ieet interest in the Ihe cause of God at homo and abroad. In his carlicit dayx, bis own Ifilwurn ha1 been various and prolonged, lie personally taught for many years in I ho Sabbath School, and took an active pail in tho Biblo end Missionary r, deltas. In these things (said Mr McQueen) he took an culy and active interest long be fore they became eo common. Uo had b tn fiom his earliest rays a ro*dcr of the Evan gelical Map BZ'me, to which his father had been a subicribor, I think, fiom the porlod of He staitiDg. Dy this msana his knowledge of the mission field and inteiest in it bad been de v, iopod. In after daj'B, Ihoagli f terenttd b} inoieaMng weakncEB from taking that active nhare in lahoiit* - l.ioh ho would have deaireil hip intercut in God's caui-u at liomo and ubrosd had in no degree decreased. 1W mun .cad more eagerly tho sooounts of mistionary cpt'r Attcud, with which ho wes abundantly mppllcd H:ceivi!ig ouDttantly sevetal periodicals de voted lo QilmioDary intolligc-Dce, be kept lilm ?elf well oequniDted with tb.q etateof Oferatione n tho prerout day. Thosu who happaned to some for tho fnet time in contact with him on heaa sal joolu, were invariably surprised at Ihe tiffchnossof his mind and the fulness of hii inlolli^unco, expautini, perhaps, to find him iwuliinir tin re in tho past than Ihe present' buy wero astoriched to discover I list the oil men hud I etter acquaintance und more Inter. uiit in what was pausing at present than they (heniwtau. Even hia ecuualnUnoo with locultr M-re was not email, lie was a con. ?Unt n-ndor of tbe news of the day, but while studying them the fitiong ie inioua bent of his ohsracier was displayed. Having been an early ttudent of prnnhcer, and led by «uch ttudieB to enpict that signsl display of God's p:.w«r and glo'y, and of his judgments upon the. nations were approaching, he might be laid to Blrflln his i:yes in traciDg the eroluiions of divine providuncn and tho governme -t of God among the nr.iione. While his mind rauged over a vory wi4e field, he waB far from loblng tight or having only a slight iDlereit in lh!og-«t hom--. 1 have already referred to his fei vent supplications, but Iheeo wtie not tbe only proofs of his hcnty interest in ibe work and placo around bin., for even in later yeair, and when compelled by failing 6trerjglh to desibt from pulpit laboQrs, his earnest spirit could not Iv itilo. To him, wilti ,ut a doubt, the vil lage owes tho tuggestion and distribution for years of tho Family Paper, and the many facts which havo accompanied it. All tbe trou ble connected with ihe providing, selecting, and fupeiit tendiug the distribntion of them, lay almost entirely, I think I may Fay entirely, on his shoulders. Need I lellvnu alto bnw rauti. he wan to come fmtb at tho call of sickness and distress, even when bis fading s!reDglh made it a toil fo liira to travel a few yards from his own door? In tbe discharge of bis duty he slimmed no danger, nor even gtudged toll. A similar desire to labour to tbe last in God's cause, moved him ta continue as long as it was in nuy dogreo powiblj to take patt in pulpit dutr. He was naturally anxious to continue to boar a testimony tor God, and to do what be could Id persuade men to repeut and turn to tho liOid. Without design on his part, but from Iho native tendency of his mind, she preaching was highly and somctimess i bbt'Uftlv intellectual Every eermon was carefully, and I might lay, fastidiously prepaied. His mental tendencies led him -o treat bis subjects in an oxhauslive nay. He could not ie satisfied wilh eeiziQj! a few of the prcminent thoughts cf whicii the popular mind could easily appre. cieto,and illustrating aud impressing tbem as ba irti well able to do; but wishful to preseut the tnliject in all its bearings, he entered u'.inntcly into all tho distinctive connections ef it, which few except himself would have per. ceived. In iliis way ha sometimes Itxed thu attention of bis hcarera more than tbe tnaes of a popular audienco can bland ; but he never mocked them wilh thoughtl^s harangues or indigested and aimless talking. Though tho foroi of hia preaching was thus intellectual, and fome'irtit's utsduea, Ms iieatt latarad that tho matter of it wait nlways evangelical and practical. His appeals to the iuipeiittcut and uneodly were rnoit solemn and touching; hia d'elsration o- gospel truth most oninest ani dintiiirji, and his practical exhoitalions faithful, holy, cl.ar, ami li-iug. In bin preaching hu evidently Epoke as ono who was responsible to God.nrd ciiUNcious I.e wan i] tliuDiviau p eseDco He sought i:ot thu praise of man; neither iu m«t:or nor manner did u appear to ttudy human upp:n'.Mt on in tbe reu:-jiuet degree. His mind being predominately intellectual and dis ored t -lracu ont analogies, and having also a profound and chiM-liKo tuilh in uvcry utter ance of Uort'o VVoid. led him to devotu hitcaiilf for eoino yca^H very clo ely lo tbe study of proplntiu writings. In lutor yoata he did not puimo there btudice bo mcch, but he never forgot tlinin, and as I hnvu already tiaid, they c uted liici to watch tlio evolutions of provid ence with the very dcepatt interest Another result ol h'S thoughtful db\ independent in tellect wns that hu wan Very iicqucmly fouud iu the vanguard in tlie great questions of tbo dav; c?n-:itutiouil out ion k'pthim from anything rai-b And uttremu, and his modesty prevented him from tat ug any prominent part as an agitator, his mind was cltmily made up, and guided not by tradition*! opinions, but by his own Independent research and meditation. Uo was tbtiBoro of those who took a prominent and decidod position at the very beginning of flio tampjra»c« movement, and on mauy sub jects liia opinions were clear, liberal, arjd Ibe result of independent thought Opinions foitned sb bis wcio are seldom rashly changed, nnd in his case I hero wot n natural decision and firmness which pro rented eudden vacilla lion. Owing to his gicat caution and modesty, and hi? uTivrillinenesalo olfend tbolceiiORS of others, the fjiuiuess cfcanvict'on wilb' which ho held his own viun-* »v»n nfim at first tight haidly afpareni ; but '.luivcr 111 such cir cnmitances, ho lacked i™ excitement of utterance or stroiiRth ot expression, was moro lhau supplied by ilie portietenoy with which he pursued l.is thoughts. Cautiout, geallo , quiet, ami outwardly lWitaliug though be Tins let him Iw oncj convinced where truth and rcciituda lay, and ycu might as well try to move a lock as hli.'i. Mr McQueen subse quently epolio of fionse of tho moio promlnonc moral qual'lics cf the deceased ; of his quiot unpretectioasa«i-9, comprehending a mixture of truthfblues* and humi'ity which caused bini lo avo'.d all uurual show and undue assump tion; bis puiity, agaluvt which lho mist ma licious enctiiv o' uld not whisper ao accusation ; and that charming excellence of the Christian — o aiily, Inonolu'ion, Mr McQueen said: — I have attempted to (ketch, and very lie. perfectly succeeded iu recalling to you a noble character— ono who though comparatively b'.i in this quiet cornar of the vineyard, w-8 f6r moio worthy -f high rauk and honor than thoEo men of migh'.y deeds, grc,t da ing and popular gifts before whom the world burnB its incunso. Honest, uptight, genllc, and God fearing as a man, fiitnful as a pastor, zealous and devoted as a student of Ibe Word of God tlffciionsto and dutifnl In all Ibo relations of life, forboirinp, frank and helpful as a col loague— I nb all ever remember him ae « living epietlo of Chri?t, a proof of the reality, the piwur, and divine efficacy of the religion he adorned : and I shall count tbo friendship and affectionate regard with which 'io favoied me. the hcuor and hippinosa of my life. God grant that we may be all enabled to remember him, so as to imitate him, that wo mcy all shine wilh the ssmo graces, and that i hero may be Ihe saino rea son for saying of ub all that there Is of hinn that Iheie is hope in our, death. 0; AndenOR's tulject in tho afternoon was tho cl'.nd of witnesses, spoken of In Ueb. xii, 1 and 2, from which he preached an admirable and rich'y edifying discouise, a sketch of which we will p'nblMi in our ccxt. There was a numeioas attendance at both diets, but especially ia Die afternoon, when llio passages and all available parts of the chuicli woie crowded. The services throughout woro extremely in terrulng, and 07idently produced * deep Ini prottiicn un all preecDt. A warm fi iendfhip and great, matnal refpect exiBlcd between the Into Ruv. Dr Hamilton of Sluthblane, and Mr McNaughtan. Tbo following letler of sympathy doeshonor to the distinguished eon of Ibe late parish mtnltlor of Strathblane, tho Rev. Ur. James H» niillon of London, addressed (o thn Itev Mst ihuw M'Naughtan, NewoaBtle.on.Tyne:— 11 My dear Sir, — Tho annuunceiiiooi of the death cf yonrdcar and hocouicd father has revived many recollecticns, and bail sent back my tboufshls to Ihe mniiBu ot Sluthblane and lo MugdocaCattle where, bb well bb on hie own boffleatcad, I used to eee him, and always saw Wm with the same ft** I ,£ , wettest viaobMfed to »U that 5*zrj£. * SST-i-w th-- 'to'*'1'' srss tta ?«? p^006 * ??* * ?'' °f **otii!i his «*oellent »MHUm. contaerateo' to 'WuL«Sfc «»al»l. public tombing en ?'?ySi^lh » lofty and e» i™K resumed *'?* toSiton pro/nocd raurt nave beeu -^*!.»k was done when thorc was little 1*^X0' '? '* 'Filen Sb0™ 'er8 miDy ^'^MMJiref, how W. it most have been 'Smw the aDlver.alreBp.ot.od ♦5,^'KeventoaUy gathered round him, I « Japes Hawuiox. , ..tondpn.Anjj. 16^86^ 