i, ' RAILWAY SLEEPERS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. Sir,-I find in your paper of this date an article touching upon mine and Mr. Archer's correspondence on railway sleepers signed " Huon". Such a lot of twaddle I never heard. I am quite willing to stand to my offer", as I before said, to take an order for any quantity of Blue Gum Sleepers of the size specified viz., 0x8x<t landed in England at 4s. each. " Huon" thinks it an impossibility to do away with a, long-standing and disgraceful practice here in the measurement of our hardwood. He says nothing would prevent a sawyer from heading in one size and taking out another. If he is a sawyer he ought to be ashamed to say so ; if he sawed for me he would have to head in and take out the same unless ordered to the contrary. Then whoever heard of cutting blue gum boards for general use, or altering the specified size of timber ordered for the sake of what might come off? I fancy "Huon" would " screech" as well as his saw if you asked him to cut blue gum boards. I say again I can land the sleepers any size that come within my previous offer, at the water edge at 8s. 6d. per 100 superficial feet, or at 10s. in Hobart Town, and shall not be afraid of finding an opportunity of putting to some use that ghost which so terribly frightens " Huon," namely, the slabs and edgings j if he will carefully read your issue of the 5th instant he will find all his queries answered ; as regards hearing either the "screech of the saw or the screech of the sawyer as of yore, " or, as I suppose he means, eight or nine years ago, I for one do not want. The only thing to ensure a market for our timber, is to sell it at the same price as others, or a little lower. I am confident it can be sold in England at 16s. per 100 feet and pay all parties; such nonsense to talk about driving all the sawyers away from the colony, it would be a blessing if all would leave who could not get a good living at the price I offer. I do not say it would allow the sawyer to food his dog on " buttered five pound notes as of yore," or of drinking sherry and champagne out of pannikins, as I have more than once seen done; but it would afford a comfortable living to any sawyer who can saw without " screeching." I only hope I may have an opportunity of proving it. I am, Sir, May 28th, 1861. Your's truly, THOMAS OLDHAM. Franklin Wharf. 