SOUTH AUSTRALIA. Wo Lave reoeivod Adelaide papers to tlio ICtli Feb. The success of tbo now Wallaroo mines, on Yorke's Peninsula, seems likely to lead to a mining mania in tbo colony. WALLAROO.-A perfeot furor existed in town on Satur- day last, with regard to mineral discoveries at Wallaroo, several persons having riddon agaiusteach other from the mines for the purpose of taking out new claims. Deposits were paid upon a great many sections on which, we understand, either surface indications of copper bave boon found, or lodes out. It is stated that a fine lode of copper BOB been cut up in section 471, the property of Mr. Duryea, the photographist, and others. TnE NEW MINERAL DISTRICT.-Wo believe it ia the intention of tho Government to lay out a township at Pine Point, on the western shore of Gulf St. Vincent. 'Ibis |pusitiuu is near Black Point, whore, as we have for- merly stated, large deposits of ore exist, and by way of which a short and easy route to the Wallaroo Mines may be scoured. ANTIDOTE AOAINST SNAKE POISON.-A meeting was held at the Criterion Hotel, on Monday evening, to afford an opportunity to Mr. Shires of testing tho efhoacy of an antidoto which he has prepared for curing snake-bites, and which is also stated to Ue equally usot'ul as an anti- dote to varions kinds of poison, siryohnine included. The room was very full. Mr. O'Keefe, tho Clerk of the Court, was requested to sit on the platform to see that tbo experiments w ero conducted fairly. Mr. Sbires com- menced by taking out two small snakes (the ono a tiger and the other a diamond snake}, which he handled as oarelossly as if they were two pieces of rope. Having played with them for a short limo on the table be then slung them across his nose, finally placing them insido his flannel shirt. It'was enough to make any ono'* blood run cold to seo this man place reptiles (abite from whioh lias hitherto been considered so dangerous, and whioh has in many oases resulted In death) in a position where tho warmth of his body was calculated to rouse them into full aotivity. It is thus plain that whatever opinion the publio may have of the antidote, Mr. ShireB' failli in it IB un- bounded. Ho next introduced a largo tiger snake, whioh could not have measured less than five feet. After show- ing it to the company ho placed it in a box, as he did not intend to lot it bite that evening, bis bnsiness lying with the smaller fry. A dog was then introduced, and the small tiger snake allowed to bite him on tho nose, and, as those prosent expressed a wish that tho antidote should not be applied, his fato was sealed. A cook and bon wore next placed on the table, and the same snake allowed to apply his fanes to both, tho cook being bitten first. The oonipany wished the antidoto used in the cass of tho lattor-thus affording him a chance of again crow- ing on his own dunghill. The lion, in 25 minutos' timo, not showing any signs of giving up tho ghost, and Mr. O'Keoffo stating that ho did not consider that the snake had bitten hor fairly, a wish was at onoe expressed that tho snake should be again applied, which was done. In seven or eight minutes sbo began to show evident signs of the poison, and in 15 minutes died, the cock at this timo looking quite lively. The dog, who had been doz- ing away at the book of tho platform not muoli noticed, now attraotod attention) ho showed ovident signs ol' being In pain. It being now about ten o'clook, the meet- ing soparatod, tbo dog and the cook being looked up un- der tho charge of Mr. Jonkins, the landlord of the hotel, and on enquiry next morning 1 found that the dog died about two hours from the time he was bitten, and that the cook was all alive and kicking. The experiments wero, therefore satisfactory. I may Btato that Mr. Shires showed a plaoe on hil nose where ho had been bitten on tho previous Friday by the same Bnako with whioh the experiments were made, and that the application of the antidoto saved him from fooling the elVeots of the bite. Mr. Jenkins also said that ho saw the antidote made in his own house ; that it was oomposed entirely of herbs ; and that he immediately put it lu a bottle, and sealed It. The seal was not broken until the antidoto was required to apply to the wounds made that evening ; nolthor bad thobottlo been out of his possossion. It is intendod, I beliove, to form aicommittee, under whoso direotion still moro satisfactory trials may bo made.-Guichen May correspondent of the Observer. MB. GOYDEU'S PAHTV.-Information haï just been ro oeived in town that the remainder of Mr. Gojdor's northom exploring party,, consisting of four men, with a bulloak toam ana two horse drays, have reached Mun dowadon Springs (lat 20° 37') on thoir way southward. Two of them are suffering BO severely from sourvy that they oan neithor walk nor ride on liorsobaok. At tho dato of the dispatch tho party was unablo, from the pre- valence of drought, to loavo tho springs, and did not anticipate starting for Glen's, a distance of 100 miles, until the next fall of rain. For the accommoda- tion of tho invalids two men have been dispatohed with a two horse spring-cart, carrying a supply of modloino and vegetablos. They will probably roach Glen's (30 milos W. by N. of Angepino) in about a fortnight; and at that plaoo, If there Bhould moanwbilo ho a fall of rain, tboy expoot to moot tho persons whom they aro going to seek. The man in ohargo of Mr. Goyder's party roports that tho bodios of two persons have boon found, betweeu Mun dowadon and Glen's. Thoy appoar to havo died for want of wator, ono at the Gums, and the othor at tho Poly- gonum. Ho further states that unless rain should fall it will for tho present bo utterly impossible for any moro stook to bo takon to tho Far North. 