PUNGH ? S SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. POLITICAL. We continue to be a model to mankind in the management of *mr political allairs. Universal suffrage works admirably. None but men of the purest character, the highest ability, and the most patriotic - principles stand the ghost of a chance of being elected bythe sovereign people» which is so enlightened, so discriminating, so dispassionate, and so unprejudiced 1 The Le gislative Assembly is composed exclusively of educated gentlemen, and its debates are as remarkable for their eloquence, as for the courteous spirit in which they are conducted. ; Itfo personalities, no ttig^-^tapera^ tion, no slang, no clap-trap— nothing of the .kind., Somebody (outside ofParliament) proposed to remunerate the members of the lower Hottse, but the proposition was indignantly scouted by the whole body. They would not even sully their fair fingers by accepting free passes over the Government lines of railway, and declined to vote any money for the support of the refreshment rooms connected with tlie Legislature. In the matter ol statemanship, the colony is in affluent circumstances. Every man, woman and child in the mother country must have heard the name of Heales. Poor Cavour was quite a child to him, and Lord Palmerston a very dwarf. If our Chief Secretary lias a fault, it is the ostentatious display of his enormous erudition. He has read everything and forgotten nothing. He tesselates his Demosthenic orations with quotations from Euripides, St. Chrysostom, Catullus, Moliere, Lope de Vega, MacchiaVclli, Herder, Grotius and Montaigne, in a way that drives. the reporters mad. How cau they follow a speaker who knows as many languages as Mezzofanti, and who could cite the whole of Herodotus from memory, in the original Greek ? His equally illustrious colleague, Mr. Brooke, is celebrated as much for the profundity of his views, as for the splendid unselfishness of his character. He combines the personal graces of Antinous with the mental iattributes of the Admirable Crichton. He despises popularity and abhors duplicity. He is, unfortunately, too ingenuous and has formed too elevatedan estimate of mankind. His modesty is commensurate with the grandeur of his mind and the nobility of Ms views; and his patriotism is incalculable. Of the Attorney- General, we may have to speak in our next summary as among the things that were. His fragile frame and delicate constitution are being rapidly destroyed by his gluttonous avidity for work. Remonstrances are useless. He is immolating himself on the altar of his country. The colleagues of these gentlemen are worthy of; them,— wise in council, eloquent in debate, and irreproachable in character. Finding the revenues of the colony in a declining condition, they stealthily paid their own salaries into the Treasury and " blushed to find it fame." The Governor of the Colony maintains a position of dignified neutrality, and never so far forgets himself as to become the political partisan of his Ministers, or to court popularity. Consequently he is idolised by all classes, but more particularly by men of education, character and property. Under the benignant rule of his infallible advisers, the country is enjoying unparalled prosperity, and it lias been thought expedient to pension off the Insolvency Commissioner, as his office has been a sinecure for .months past, and is likely to continue so for months to come. 