LECTURE ON ROME. We have been requested to give publicity to the following letter : To the Editor of the Launceston Examiner Hobart Town, 26th Sept 1861. SIR-It is with much painful reluctance I, have to request of you to give admission to this letter. Having lately printed in the Examiner a lecture on Home delivered by Mr. Fawns, tins, containing, as I believe, many erroneous statements, statements not only calculated to lead persons astray regarding important matters but also to create a spirit of religious discord, heartburnings, and animosities ; I trust you will in justice give me an opportunity to lay such facts before your readers us will I hope prove, that Mr. Fawns has not given correct accounts in this lecture. Before proceeding to do so I beg you will be so good as to reprint your introduction to the lecture as found in your paper 12th September MR. Fawns' Lecture on Rome Mr. Fawn's friends feel indignant at the insult that has been offered to him, and ask in justice to him that his lecture so far as possible, may. be published from the notes he has left behind. As a native of the colony and a descendant of the followers of John Knox, he does not understand why he should be denied the liberty of speech here be enjoyed in Great Britain and although compelled to depart for Europe, and therefore unable to defend himself, he left this message-that he was no professional lecturer and had only delivered five or six in his life that it was by special request he consented to address audiences in this island; that he had no intention to offend any one; that he pledges his honor to the truth of everything he stated; that he never heard of gasworks or saw gaslights in Rome, and that his descriptions were confined to what he saw and experienced and not to what he knew nothing about; in short, that he communicated nothing now, but what had existed for centuries and was already well known. Here we have your authority that Mr. Fawns has stated nothing but " what he saw and ex- perienced." That circumstance will, I hope, be duly noted by those who may read this letter. With regard to your assertion that this gentleman " had no intention to offend any one, I may be permitted to remark that the tone and tenor of the lecture convince me Mr. Fawns did not trouble himself regarding the feelings of his Catholic fellow townsmen, and that fact I think I shall be able to demonstrate to the satisfaction of all men of candid minds before I conclude this communication. I have no desire to enter upon the various errors in the lecture such the want of water in Rome, the closing of the Ghetto at ten at night. the ten thousand priests, only ten thousand ! the law compelling all men to go to confession twice each year, the worn out and nauseous calumny that the Council of Trent had decreed that " the Pope and the Lord form the same tribunal, so that sin excepted, the Pope can do all that God can do !" These and many other matters I shall pass over, and only call special attention to the following statements made by Mr. Fawns is positive existing facts. Mr Fan na assert?-" The streets at night are only lighted by a small oil lamp suspended between the houses on each side by a string, with very little oil and very little wick, you get no real benefit, only in fact become cognizant of the darkness." Subsequently he says he has no recollection of gas." My last visit to Rome was in 1854, where I spent between four and five months. Whenever in the streets in the evening there I found as brilliant gas lamps as ever met with in England, France, or Australia lamps, notsuBpcndedinthe middle of the streets, but on posts at the sides of the houses, and on posts as elegant as those in London or Hobart Town. How Mr. Fawns could mistake thesebrilliantgas lights for shabby oil ones, of course I cannot devise ; but that he did so is actually proved, if we are to believe his words : and this circumstance alone must convince any rational being that either this gentleman's vision was so imperfect as not to allow him to distinguish the difference between the twinkling of a miserable oil Jump and a brilliant gas light, or that he has stated in his lecture what he knew was not, correct. In either case the testimony of such a witness can be of little worthy And whilst speaking on the subject of gas, I might ask, how could it occur that when Mr. Fawns was in that part of Rome where stood the palace of the Caesars, he could avoid seeing a huge building, hugo in length and breadth, with its lofty chimney, and shaped like no other building in that city or if indeed he did see such erection, and know not to what use it was appropriated, he had not the curiosity to enquire ? Had he done so, he would have been informed it was the place where the gas was made to light the public streets and private houses and by that means, at all events, he would have ascertained that gas was used even in Rome. He tells v, in his lecture that Rome contains a pop relatives of 190,000 ; you may therefore easily imagine the gas works are not on a very limited, scale. But still this building, we must suppose,, escaped Mr. Fawns' observation ! Well, be it so! 2\. Mr. Fawns states Roman prison is an awful place, where you are almost sure to be de-, voured with vermin, and only once a. day, a handful of coins given to be mixed with water as food This Mr. Fawns has seen, w can pledge him. self as to its truth. I, too, have visited Roman prisons, and perhaps as many times as that gentleman and not being entirely a novice on prison matters was anxious to examine minutely those in Rome, borne of those required considerable alterations in their arrangement, 50" and Mr. Maguire, in his book on Rome, tells us, that great improvements were in progress. But, Sir, to the point in question. I can state, that I have been present when the rations were served out have carefully examined and tasted them-and can affirm, that it has never been my lot to see food so good, and so plentiful, many gaol in England (and I have seen many), or in France, New South Wales, Victoria, or Tasmania. I mean the felons' and in time. A grosser calumny was never fabrica- ted than that about " the handful of corn once a-day." I must presume Mr. Fawns has allowed some impudent knave to. impose upon him with the vile story. Charity for him, dictates this supposition, 3\. Mr. Fawns observes.--" There is one more peculiar ceremony, bq.." Therein one. more peculiar ceremony performed by one of the Cardinals during Holy Week. He curses all Jews, Turks, and Heretics, which last include several thousands of Protestants, English,. American, and Gorman, spending the winter in Home. These are cursed by " Bell, Book and. Candle." The little bell is rung, the curse is sung, from the book, and the lighted tapers are thrown down amongst the people. When all the monks and priests are assemblers the Cathedral, the Cardinal pronounces the following curse:-" By the authority of God the Father Almighty, of the blessed Virgin Mary, of St. Peter and St. Paul, and of the Holy Saints first an excommunication, and then the Cardinal with deep voice proceeds thus We can see and ban (or outlaw), commit and deliver to the Devil of Hell, him or her, whatsoever he or she may be, excommunicated and accursed' may they be and given body and soul to the Devil ;. cursed be they in cities, in towns, in fields, in ways, in paths, in houses, out of houses, and all other places, standing, lying, or rising, walking, running,. | waking sleeping, eating, drinking, and whatsoever things they do besides. Wo separate them from the threshold and from all prayers of the Church from the holy mass from all the sacraments, front holy bread and holy water, from all the merits of Gods priests and religious men, from all pardons, privileges, grants, immunities which all the Holy Fathers and the Popes of Rome have granted, and we give them over utterly to the power of the fiend, and let us quench their soul if they be dead this night in pains of hell-fire as this candle is now quenched and put out (one is put out) ; and let us pray to God that if they be alive their eyes may be put out as this candle is put out (second candia put out) and let us pray to God, and to our Lady, and to St. Peter and St Paul, and all the Holy Saints, that all the senses of their body may fail them, and that they may have no feeling as now this candle is gone (thrown down), except they come openly and now confess their blasphemy and by repentance as in them shall He make confession and satisfaction to God, our Lady, St Peter, and the worshipful company of this our Cathedral Church." As this peculiar ceremony takes place publicly in the Cathedral, that n, in St Peter's, Mr. Fawns, no doubt, was present, as we are told " that he pledges himself on his honor that he states nothing but what he saw." Now, Sir, it has been my good fortune to be in Home three different times during Holy Week, and such time I have had the happiness to attend the sublime services of the Church in that Cathedral. Not,howover,until I read the curse in your newspaper, did I ever hear one word about this cursing service. I have certainly a toler- able acquaintance with the Roman Liturgy, having had it pretty constantly in my hands for nearly half a century and would you believe me, I have never met with this peculiar service in any of its parts. Of course if this awful ceremony and fearful curse really took place, either in Rome or in any portion of the Latin Church, it must be found in some part of the Liturgy. The Liturgy of the Church does not change with every wind of doctrine." But, still it is quite true that I have been present when a Cardinal officiated in St. Peter's Cathedral, in Holy week, when priests and monks were there, and when he has mentioned schismatics and heretics (I presume that Mr. Fawns will allow there is such a Bin as heresy, at least St. Paul did) but, I heard no curse uttered. The following prayer was poured forth, but forsooth, it savours very little of a curse as you will perceive: "O Almighty and Eternal God, who saves all, and wouldst have none to perish ; look down on those souls that are seduced by the deceits of the devil that the hearts of all those that are, laying aside all heretical malice, may repent and return to the unity of the truth. Through Jesus Christ our Lord, who lives one God world without end. Amen." There are also other services in St. Peters, in Holy Week, when with a Cardinal, or Cardinals, Priests, and Monks attend, and when papers are lighted, and from time to time, extinguished and I am strongly inclined to suppose the wonderful story Mr. Fawns related to the good people of Launceston about the cursing and lighted tapers, has its origin in this function. Let us examine a little, Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday evenings, in Holy Week, the divine office for the clergy is termed " Tenebrm," because it takes place towards dark hour, and many, even strangers, wish to attend. The first part of this divine service consists of nine of the 'psalms of David, referring chiefly, to our blessed Lord and his sufferings, and at the end of each Psalm, a taper is extinguished, to remind us of the approaching death of the World's Redeemer-that is, of what took place. Then portions from the Lamonta tions of the Prophet Jeremiah are sung in plain- tive tones. This section of the office is followed by other Psalms, the tapers being extinguished, until the Canticle of Zachariah is chanted (St. Luke 1 and then when all the lights are put out, the Miserere Psalm is sung or recited (which I hope Mr. Fawns heard in the Sistine Chapel) concluding with this sublime and soul stirring prayer: " Christ became obedient for us unto death even the death of (he cross., " Look down, O Lord we beseech Thee, on thÍB.Thy_family, for which our Lord Jesus. Christ, did not hesitate to be delivered into the hands of wicked men and to suffer the torment of the cross who lives and reigns with the Father and the Holy Ghost, for ever and ever. Amen." And thus you have a plain and simple statement of what actually takes place in St. Peter's, and, in fact, in every portion of the Latin Church, at that sacred time. And, Sir, is it not lamentable that a gentleman in Mr. Favv ns' position can stand forth before a company of his fellow townsmen, and tell them that he has been present and heard in Rome the vile curse uttered which you have published to the world ! Can the report of this portion of Ws lecture be true ? If so, I would again fain believe that he has allowed himself to become the dupe of some impudent knave, or that he has copied this wicked story from some of those vile publications made to catch the un- wary and to pander to the ignorance or morbid appetite of the weak-minded, the bigoted, or the modern Pharisee. Having made this statement in the humble hope that charity, which has been wantonly wounded by Mr. Fawns, may, in some measure be healed, and that the footprints of religious strife he has left behind him on soil hitherto peculiarly free from animosity and bitter wranglings may be speedily eradicated, I beg leave to add that I shall not enter into controversy with any one, nor shall I notice any anonymous communications that may appear in the public prints, nor even such as have respectable names attached, unless reference is made solely to the three copies I have commented upon, viz. Gas, Miejon fare, and the alleged frightful curse. I have contradicted these three assertions made by Mr. Fawns and have laid before you and the public the grounds for doing so. Duty to my flock, whose feelings have be wounded, Mid to the public at large seemed to demand this measure of me, and I hope I have clearly demonstrated that Mr Fawns is not a witness worthy of credit j that, prejudice, blind zeal, and fanaticism have ciiUBcdhim not to see things in Home that really exista, to see things that did not exist, and to hear things that were never uttered. Zeal, when based on truth, justice, and charity, is no doubt most commendable ; but when these sacred virtues are disregarded it becomes per spacious and baneful. .... , ., rest warning so emphatically given us by the wisest of men should serve to check us in our local when justice, truth, and the happiness of others aren't stake-" These six things doth the Lord hate : yea, seven are an abomination unto him. A false witness that speaketh lies and he that soweth discord among brethren -Irov. vi., 18, 19. . ..' _ I am, Sir, Your obedient servant, F R. W. WILLSON, Catholic Bishop of Hobartown. 