MAITLAND QUARTER SESSIONS. This court openedyesterday, at the Court-house, East Mait land, before W. A. Purefoy, Esq., chairman. The barristers were Mr Foster (Crown prosecutor) Mr Ellis, Mr Simpson, and Mr. Paul. ASSAULT AND ATTEMPT TO STAB Mary Tickle was indicted for feloniously and maliciously attempting to stab George Tickle and George Tickle, jun., at Morpeth, on the 6th October, with intent to do them grievous bodily Injury; and also with violently assaulting the said George Tickle and George Tickle, jun. The prisoner was undefended. The Crown Prosecutor opened the case, and called the follow- ng witnesses :-George Tickle, George Tickle, Junior, and Ser- jeant Crawford. The prisoner's husband, George Tickle, came home from work on the 5th or 6th of October, and found his wife in an excited state, through taking drink ; he made some remarks on her conduct, and was sitting down to supper, when she caught him a blow on the top of the eyebrow with a knife, causing a small wound. The prisoner's son, George Tickle, jun. also came into the house about the same time, and in consequence of making some remark similar to that which his father had made, she attempted to strike him immediately after, but was unable to effect her purpose, as he caught hold of her. The knife with which the assault was committed was blunt at the point, the prisoner's husband having been obliged, in consequence of her excitable disposition, to permit only blunt knives to be in the house. To questions put by the prisoner, both her husband and son denied having called her a " drunken sow" and a more approbrious name, which she alleged they did. The appre- hending constable said that the prisoner was intoxicated when he took her in charge, and that she said, " The bloody wretch that was going to send her to gaol, she would have his bloody life." There were no witnesses for the defence. His Honor summed up. The Jury, without retiring, found a verdict of guilty of common assault. The prisoner was sentenced to be imprisoned in Maitland gaol for two months. STEALING MONEY. Elizabeth Hedges was indicted for feloniously stealing £15, the property of Edward Peters, at Hillsborough, on the 6th June. The prisoner was defended by Mr. Simpson ; attorney, Mr. Mullen. The following witnesses were called for the prosecution—Mary Peters, Edward Peters, Mary Moran. The prisoner and her husband lived about eight miles from Maitland, up the Hunter. Mr. and Mrs. Peters lived near them, and on the way to Maitland Mrs. Peters had been ailing about the time with a cold, which occasionally affected her head and rendered her stupid. On the 6th June she left the house with the intention of going to Maitland, taking with her a green frock or gown, which she carried across her shoulders. In its skirt there was sewed up three £5 notes, the existence of which appears to have been known only to her daughter, Mary Moran. At the time she left, this girl and a man named Nutium were in the house, together with her husband. Mrs. Peters, on her way, was crossing a paddock belonging to Mr. Hedges, when he, accompanied by her husband, came after her and took her into Mr. Hedges house ; they had tea there, and drank a bottle of rum among them ; Mr. and Mrs. Peters stayed there that night. Prisoner made a bed for them on the floor ; Mrs. Peters lay down, and placed her gown over the bed at her feet, to keep them warm ; her husband shortly after lay down in the bed beside her ; about five minutes after the prisoner came into the room with a candle in her hand, and took away the gown from off the bed, carrying it into her own room. Next morning, on awaking, she found her husband gone, and, getting up, she went home without the gown ; but it was returned to her that afternoon, when, on examining it, she observed that the skirt had been ripped, and the money abstracted. Mrs. Peters said the prisoner was aware she had the money in her dress, but the only reason she gave for thinking so was that she must have seen her keep her hand on it while she was saying her prayers. The person who took back the gown was Mrs. Peters' daughter, who went for it to the prisoner's house. She did not look to see whether the money was in it or not, but her mother did when she got it. Mr. Peters knew nothing, previous to the robbery, of his wife having the money in her dress ; he first came to know of it when he came home to his house on the evening after it took place, after his wife had got home the gown. He went to the prisoner's house three days after the alleged theft, and said to her " My wife has lost £15 out of her frock," when she replied "It is a lie." A fortnight after, he was riding past the prisoner's place, when she said to him "Ned, I've got Mary's money ; I won't give it to you, but I'll give it to Mary when she gets better." The following witnesses were called for the defence :-Dr. John Scott, William Kelly, Margaret Hedges, Robert Chapman, Beresford Hudsou, Spencer Butler, Matthew Peck. The evidence principally went to show that Mrs. Peters was not in a sound state of mind at the time when the alleged stealing took place. The medical gentleman who attended her at the time said she was suffering under melancholia, and manifested suspicion of all around her, fearing she might be poisoned or otherwise injured ; he said that impressions received by a person under a state of mental aberration might possibly remain after the hallucination was gone. Mr. Peters brought his wife into a neighbour's house one evening in June, when she began to rave and talk non- sense, and refused to go home that night, for fear she might be robbed and killed. The same neighbour saw her on another occasion conducting herself in a strange manner on the road. Another neighbour, whom Peters sent for on the day of the alleged theft to look after his wife while he went to Maitland for a doctor, said she abused him with her tongue, and showed that "she was as mad as a native dog," so that he had to go outside and "cooey" for her husband to come back. This witness also said that on a subsequent day, when he was paying Mrs. Peters an account, she said she had not a farthing, as "Ned had taken all her money from her." Mrs. Peters herself, in giving her evidence, said that in going through a paddock she heard a ghost grunting behind her. The prisoner's daughter recollected that, one Sunday after the alleged theft, she along with her father and mother, met with Mr. Peters while riding to church, when he appeared to be on good terms with them ; on her father mentioning that a bad feeling existed between Mrs. Peters and the prisoner's family, on account of her having lost her money, Mr. Peters said, "It's all humbug," that he did not believe the prisoner had any share in it, and that his wife must be mad. Five witnesses gave evidence of the good character and uniform exemplary conduct of prisoner during a long period ; documentary evidence to the same effect was also handed in. Mr. Simpson addressed the jury for the defence. The Crown Prosecutor replied. His Honor summed up, and the jury, after having retired for a quarter of an hour, returned a verdict of not guilty. The prisoner was discharged. STEALING MONEY. John Sinnett was placed at the bar on remand from last sessions, on a charge of stealing money at Newcastle. The Crown Prosecutor said that he was unable to proceed with this case, owing to the absence of a material witness. His Honor agreed to again remand the case, and as the prisoner had already been confined for upwards of three months, he was allowed on bail, on his present recognizances in £80 to appear when called on by the Crown Prosecutor. The Court was then adjourned till ten o'clock this (Tuesday) morning. 