GAYNDAH, [FHOM THE GHOST OF BAW BAH.] Saturday, 5 p.m. — The mail, I need hardly say, has not arrived. The postmaster fully ess ppcts it, however, as it is only twenty-five hours overdue ; but my nocturnal labours, I fear, will oblige me to leave the town before the punctu ally behind-hand postman think6 he need be her^. | You cannot conceive how much I see going on now that I am tempted to correct or draw hope from. The vice-regal visit is really a seri ous matter. There is so much intense anxiety and bewilderment betrayed in tne countenances and proceedings of our stage managers, that I am nigh constrained to forbear altogether from commenting upon the preparations they are and are not making for it. The question to be solved, or to be less enig matical, the work to be done is so important to the place that they are riijht in dealing with it as a verv seriou* matter; and I tru«t, hy folly nrimitting the fact that their past doings are to be carefully forgotten, or by setting them up as a hencon to be avoided, on or about the 2nd proximo, they will contrive to treat Sir George Bowcn and his suite to something better than a farce, and yet not to a mere m?a/oi)iama. Im plore your leaders not to believe that a Ghost mnkes a practice of punning. When there is ho much doubt felt, whether the entertainment to his Excellency will be a tragedy or farce, who could help suggesting that a noisy Gayudah dinner may be sora -ihinp between? These anxious countenanced men have had a visit from a vic»-regal arant courier: he has assured me that he tins given them the best advice he is able, and all the information he can as to dining a Governor, ns well »s a slv rap or two that they must fuinMi his Excellency with rather better wine that th-y serve toother distinguished visi tors. ?? Gayndah as ouo of the happy I family party expressed it. is ceitainly not the cheese:' and the political information is here apropos, thut Ihe ou'y i-ulj-ct which Haly and MiickeiiZie a^ree upon is. '? that it is out-and-out rot,' and thnt Stmllidce ouyht to pay for more thau he did.' There was an idiotic affair, I am grieved to say, on the night of the 12th. As it was hon oured by only one or two of the real family party men, I took no notice of it beyond shuddering,' trusting that such an exhibition of speechifying assea -would tend immensely to disgust those who were being imitated from ever returning to such drinking follies. True, I descended from my mountain expressly next day to try and dis suade those who had become sober enough to understand, from allowing their 'shine' to be recorded in the paper, hut blindness, vanity, and the Argus carried the day, I have since ascer tained that the chief donkeys at it excuse them selves by insinuating ' that they were only practising against the Governor's visit' — re- hearsing, probably, what they wish to say of Mackenzie on that august occasion — but is uot this a poor excuse for bringing shame on man kind and ridicule upon the district. If they wanted to do Mr. Bannister, upon liis departure from the town, an honour, why not have afforded him at the last moment cause for asserting that his Gayndah friends were men possessed of reason and common sense ; or, if they really believed that ho ' had been the pioneer of Gayndah,' had done notable 'service in troublesome aud dangerous times, aud of late very willing to give his best advice for the benefit of the place' — why nqt have .tendered him some more substantial token than the baiderdash ' that they could talk all night in praise of their guest,' and the stuff stammered forth about his family.' There is nothing but vanity, egotism, and selfishness betrayed in giving a ^'ior man a public-AoMse dinner; and it is very easy to trace the true motives which prompt the exhibitors at it to spend so much money rou themselves. Mosdat.— The post came in, I find, on Satur day night, and what a hullaballoo this pen and your print have raised. I noticed, at' the same time, that the inhabitants of Ban Ban upon the 14th instant were in a very perturbed Btate. Tell them in reply to their invocation of that day that I can't be ' doused,' that they are a brilliant lot; and to the ambitious individual who, upon the same date, arrogated to himself the title of ' Gayndah,' let me say, that it mat ters not much who I am, or where 1 don't live, nor shall 1 bandy words with him on such an unprofitable subject. X know who he is, and his motives at this auspicious moment for again appearing as Mackenzie and H&ly;'s champion. He dreams of striding down the town 'as good as any man,' on Court-days. It is a hopeful and a critical time with him ; and, I admit to such a man it is a pardonable and commendable weak ness, unless purchased at the sacrifice of all the manliness and judgment he may have. Does he imagine that I have heard nothing since the visit of another of Mackenzie's emissaries, or do not know the great price he is to be paid for his continued adhesion to the official buffoon. Since he proclaims in your columns that ' we have every confidence in our members, that they have never failed to perform their promises, nor in securing the welfare of Gayndah and the dis trict, let him at least give bis reasons for his faith in them — his opponents have fully given theirs. What ' promises' has the bungling Postmaser General kept ? If he gave Mr. ' Gayndah' one that he would slander his fellow- members, he most substantially, I confess, kept it when he wrote that truthless excuse to the Maryborough people, dated 29th May, ?' that he was induced to detain the Clarence for gentlemen who wished to attend the Champion Race, partly atlhe request of the member for Wide Bay.' If he made bis subordinates promises that while they supported him as their member he would wink at their deficiencies, or his doubtful political frieuds to think that pustal routes should be changed to .gratify them, then I can understand that these he may have kept; or, if he has secured the welfare of Gayndah in falsifying about the capa bilities of the distnet, in asking for grants of money which he knew would not be voted for by six members — in squandering public funds at a paltry creek in Gayndah, and neglecting to bridge over tbe Barambah — in disorganising our postal arrangements to such an extent that all is uncertainty and detention where ten years ago we had punctuality and alacrity — iu causing the electorate to be regarded in Brisbane as a pocket- borougli at the disposal of the Govern ment, ami the electors as toadies of the first class at the disposal of the 'twin muffs.' If he has secured the welfare of Ga}*ndah in these and countless other ways of the sort, then I must confess that I little understand a place which I have, much at stake in, which knows me well, but fails to recognise me. Ill the name of the blushing inhabitants of this town Icallupou Sir George Bowun to visit that scandalously uselsss bridge.. He will then get a lesson which should be of immense benefit to the colony. H may there understand the trivial way in which the public inouey is expended, when the Assem bly gratifies the wish of a minister, who appeals to them as a whining delegate. I call upon him to go a little farther eastward. He will there see how the interests of a district oan be ne glected — how a stream can be permitted to re main a perfect hindrance to its entire traffic, because the people of that district, in an evil hour, sent into Parliament ineu who have sold them. Have we to thank Mackenzie for a district court, for an immigration depot, for a supply of immigrants, for a land office, for a supply of agricultural land ? Has he led to the introduc tion of a farming population, or to the hope that farmers will have an opportunity of locating themselves on the rich lands in the neighbour hood ? Has he listened to the grievances which have sprung up in our midst, Jmd in uny way endeavoured to rectify them? Has he led to any better knowledge of. or communication to the far-famed banks of our liver where it ap proaches the sea? In a word, has he done any thing in connexion with his (iutv as our member that he ought not to be ashamed of? even his advocacy of the northern telegraph was a verit able, a concocted sham. I slmll narrowly watch Mr. ' Gayndnh's' pro ceedings during the next fortnight. He is a prominent member of the ' Happy Family Pai;ty' aud by no means the worst of them. He is held in sume esteem now, but not for his political slavery. I.etmewarn him ' not- agnin to attract public attention to a character which can only pass without censure when it pisses without observation' — to endeavour'to seeure the lasting regard or his fellow-townsmen rather than the the ephemeral and hollow friendship of a Min isterial hack — to believe tlmt there are nobler roads to honour and the magistracy than the crooked ways of truckling to Gov. rnor Buwcni roost stupid minister. Gayndah, Sept. 23. The following gentlemen are notified in the (jazL'ttc us having received 'commissions in the Wide Itay Cifle Rangei-s : — Mr It It. Sheridan, as Captain ; Mr. James Dowzer, as Ijieutennut ; and Mr. John Purser as Quartermaster. 