GAYTTDAH.v - „ LFftOU TDE G1IOST OF BAR BAN.'T I am afraid my last commuiiication reached Maryborough late, and now take advantage of our Police M agistrate going down to tbe assize, and send this. We are getting into a dreadful plight here. What with the scan dalous postal arrangements, wet wea ther, and report prevalent that the renegade Mackenzie wishes to visit us again — and in the Governor's company — we are really to be pitied. Heaven grant that the 'bridge building Haly' does not seriously . think of coming also. To decide which is our greatest affliction at this moment is hard. The weather is bad enough, the postal ar rangements are worse, but to have to put up with tbe fallow who has ridi culed and sold us is beyond endurance. It is hoped that his wretched adherents who cling to him still, in return for being invited to his house, will counsel him to spare us the agony of again see iughis dread- to-all-decency face, and save him from adding insult to injury, and impudence to both. SirG.Bowen, with all his cpnspiring and intriguing sins, may be tolerated,, but his best councillors will assuredly advise him not to bring in his train the author of all our postal chicaner}' and imperfec tions. Under ft Raymond ' matters of this kind , were bad enough — under Major Christie they .were sometimes far from satisfactory— but it is allotted to Mac kenzie alone to produce a want of system, adaptability, and confidence in the service which is perfectly unparal leled. Are we to entertain- a nvan who has betrayed his constituents, sold their interests to the Brisbane dragons, upset our postal arrangements to please this or that constituent, falsified our capabilities to propitiate that donkey ' Haly,' clung to office to prevent him ? icoin sumuuuiJ, iiioLjieu uiir tvaiiis uy asking for a sum of money which he had arranged should not be granted, and who will be infamously known to all time as the author (at the Gover nor's bidding) of that essence of assassins, that plea for murder and murderers, the truth-travestying Native Police Committee report of 2861 ? Such a political miscreant can surely ! never intend to face his constituents, ' nor can it be expected that our towns- J men hear of bis audacious wish with ordinary complacency. Sir George Bowen must not antici pate a warm reception,- except from members of that miserable set, the ' bappy family party.' He must know that we are unable to acquit him of keeping as his ministers -men who are selling every political' principle and sacrificing every public stake to serve | their own selfish ends. Having fettered us 'with a false electorate , lie is surrounded with the fruits of it, and I here tell him plainly, and the dragooned colonists at the same time, that he knows he is acting unconstitutionally— that he ij3, intentionally an unconstitutional Go vernor—that he retains men around liini who never would have been re turned as representatives had the colonists enjoyed their, legitimate rights ?x-and that he is' doing so in spite of the warnings he has received, and his own convictions. . Mackenzie is trying to drag ' Haly' down nere in ms tram, ne leeis inai his own- worth is only comparative j but let we tell him that even in this respect he is wrong, for Haly is thought to be less of the traitor, less worked upon by the Brisbane party than himself, and his other foibles, are bits of innocence compared with the true hack's. Several, members of the happy family party ' have been intoxr icated lately, whether from the effects of 'joy -or fear of the prospect of having to entertain 'their influential member, whom to know is an honour '—(vide -. the chairman's disconnected speech)— . I cannot yet inform' you. Maybe, the fluttering amongst the ' happy family party' is caused by their' having received another letter from him. The effects ci the former your readers will not forget, for they must retain a vivid sense of the asses they are capable of making themselves into, and of the unlimited ridicule their proceedings drew down upon our town, even, from the New South Wales Press. 1 trust your merchant conspirators will give a cordial welcome to Blak eney : he is such an honest and inimi table propounder of truths anent your townsmen, and I, as the ghost of his countryman, am so proud of him ! Gayndah, September 2nd, 1861. [The abore communication ought to have ar rived in timefor last week'B issue. — Ed.] . C . 1 ? ? ? J?BJNT£B8 in Power.— The Vice-President of t the .United States, the last Postmaster-General, tbe present Secretary of the Interior, and the present Secretary of War, were all printers. 