WHEN a government is driven to resort to meanness and trickery in order to purchase the support and countenance of a public journal we shall not be far wrong in stating that its chance of holding office ia somewhat precarious. The CoLONIAT. TttEA.SCB.Ea is, no doubt, anxious to make the amende for the Fraudulent Account business; but he has no right to do this at the expense of others. We have borne with this sort of treatment long and patiently; nnd we have done so more out of consideration for Mr. INNES'S feelings than for any other cause. His anxiety to Becure the support of the Mercury has been a matter of public notoriety for a considerable time paBt. Ho has not even scrupled, in order to compass this darling object, to betray to the "august" proprietor of that journal the secrets of the Executive Council,—secrets, which he had solemnly sworn he would never reveal. Rosemary Lane and Holborn Hill have charms for him now which they never before possessed. From these aristocratic localities Tasmania selects her leaders of public opinion and the COLONIAL TBEASUHER his bosom friends and counsellors. Well; be it so. There is one consolation still left to us:—Wo have sounded the verydepthsof moral and political degradation. Deeper than we have sunk we eannot go. Not even the ghost of poor POOLER, if it could rise from the grave and take its scat at the Executive Board, could add anything to the dignity of the government beyond driving from it, in 6hamc and confusion of face, the man who, in tin evil hour, he appointed as his Executor. If Fieo Institutions have done nothing else they have taught us that there is no amount of political rascality to which men will not descend in order to fortify themselves in power and pay. Since the Electric Telegraph was first opened every possible impediment has been thrown in the way of this journal by the Executive in order to propitiate the good offioes of our contemporary. Ignorant, illiterate, lowborn as he is, there is not an officer of the government who is not ready ani willing to sacrifice all honor,—all personal rcspcct, merely to court his favor and win his smilo. This is what he likes. Has the proprietor of the Mercury for gotten how often he justified his hatred of the late PREMIER by publicly asserting that he had convicted him of telling a lie about those telegrams when Mr BALL was Superintendent ? Is it not natural, therefore, that Mr. INNEB, who was well acquainted with all the circumstanccB, should, now that the Mercury has veered round once more and (teems disposed to patronize the miserable remnant of a Ministry with which the Colony is cursed, desire to conciliate the manmonster who arrogates to himself the title of leader of public opinion in Tasmania ? Well let him. The Fraudulent Account business and the Executorship of .POOLER'S Estate are much on a par. It is perfectly natural that there should bo a secret sympathy between such men. " A rascal loves " another of the name." But is that any reason why this journal, the only representative of anything like independent feeling on this side of the Island, should be trampled upon and defrauded out of its just and honest rights ? Never but once have we been allowed to receive our English Message first. On every ocea sion some paltry quibble has been raised to throw the advantage into the hands of the Mercury. The last arrangement made was that these messages should be received by cach journal alternately and we were perfectly satisfied with that arrangement. Then why has it been thus dishonestly broken through ? One reason has been assigned at one time and another at another. We had a few lines from Melbourne on Sunday night; and it is pretended that that message must stand in the place of an English telegram. The officers of the Telegraph know well that suoh was not the understanding entered into. Mr. FALCONER knows it too; bnt ho knows, also, that it is more than bis offico is worth to comc to cross purposes with bis redoubtable patron. It appears now that the arrangement hitherto existing with regard to the receipt of these telegrams has been set aside. The northern journals aro to be first served because by the time our telegrams were sent through from Low Heads the steamer would be at the wharf, or nearly so, thus obviating the necessity for those journals taking a telegram at all. Thus the revenue would suffer and the TREASURER comc to grief. When wc remonstrated with Mr. FALCONER upon the gross injustice done us wo were told that the Mercury had made an arrangement to rcceivc the Examiner's telegram and that we ought to have made a similar arrangement with the Chronicle. How were wc to know this? Oar message was landed at Low Heads ffhen the steamer passed shortly after fiv<5 o'clock in the morning, and yet it was past ten before wc were entitled to receive a word! But why should we be put to the additional expense of entering into another arrangement when the telegram forwarded to us by our Melbourne Agent was lyingat Lo^v Heads waiting for transmission 1 Wc aro not in a position to do this. Why should wc deny it? These inoessant alterations in the printed regulations are merely intended to do thiB journal an injury and the Mercury a service. Granted that the latter has doserved well of the government by its trnculcnt and grovelling abasement,—is that any reason why oar telegrams ghould be fcc^t back until the Examiner and Chronicle in the North and the Mercury in the South have been served ? We don't blame Mr PACKER. TO use his_ own words ho "aoted tinder instraotionB." The whole thing was a conspiracy among the government officials to orush this journal; but we tell them they aro biting against a file. If they like to kick against the prioks let them in GOD'S name; but let them remember also that there is a dissolution coming; and they may rely upon it that these matters will rise np in judgment against them when they leaBt cxpeot it. Wc are almost ashamed to say that this unfair and ungenerous conduct on the part of the government has somewhat moved us. When a man is down in the world it is customary we know to strive to keep him down; and we have no right to expect any exemption from a practice 'which, for the honor of human nature, we grieve to know is almost universal. But $ day of retribution will come; and it shall go bard if some of these actions do not receive a fitting reward. Those men are only heaping up wrath against the day of wrath. The dissolution is likely to bring men into Parliament who are sternly rcsolvod to rescue the colony from the degrading tyranny under which it has so long groaned, and then there will be a terrible reckoning. The TREASURER and the DIRECTOR of Public WorkB may think it to their interest to grovel in the dirt before our " Ole Clo'" contemporary now; but wc doubt very much whether, in the long run, they will either increase their respectability or further their worldly prospects by so debasing—so degrading an alliance. If it would please Heaven, of its infinite meroy, and for the sake of this ill-governed and unhappy colony, to send us a dissolution of the Assembly we truBt we should be adequately grateful. We have earnestly prayed in our Churches for five dreary years that wisdom might be given to the members of the present Parliament, bnt wc have prayed in vain. It would bo a tempting of Provilcnce to repeat these prayers so long as the Assembly remains constituted as at present.—Wednesday's Advertiser. ? ? Tin: Duke of NEWCASTLE arrived in England on the 15th November: the outward mails closed on the 26th. Has the government reoeived any reply to the representations sent from this Colony relative to the injustioc done us by the refusal of the British authorities to relieve us of the maintenance of Imperial paupers 7 Notwithstanding his detention by the rough winds and rude waves of the Atlantic His GRACE had ample time to reply to onr remonstrances prior to the closing of the mail and wc shall be very much disappointed if he has neglected to do so. But how arc we to ascertain this? Wo are sadly afraid that were wc to venture into the prcsencc of the COLONIAL TREASURER and put the question to him we should only get snubbed. Mr. INNES loves us not, nor, in truth, has he had much occasion. All his sympathies naturally enough lean towards our classical though somewhat crratic contemporary. Perhaps tomorrow we may be informed by the Mercury whether any answer has been received and, if so, what may be its precise nature. We know that some anxiety is felt by many on this subject; and we believe the government would consult its best interests by giving publicity to any despatch it may have received bearing upon it. If the people wish to be respected they must not allow n moment to be lost should England refuse, as wo fear she will refuse, to do this Colony juBtioe. The man who tamely submits to a wrong deserves all he gets ; and it is precisely the same with a community. The injustice of which we have so long and BO bitterly complaincd is real, tangible, palpable, undeniable. We defy the Duke of NBWCASTLB, or any other Secretary of State, to deny that a great and grievous wrong lias been inflicted, and is Btill being inflicted, upon us. We have demanded redress and redress wc will have. If England will not concede it voluntarily wc must adopt other means for obtaining it. But of coursc wo can do nothing until wc know the final determination of her Ministers. Will the COLONIAL TREASURER have the goodness to inform the public whether that determination haB reached the hands of the government, and, if so, what its nature is, and what course the Executive intond to pursue t Ministers pledged themselves to Parliament to take action immediately on the receipt of a reply to their last remonstranoc and we hope for onoe they will koop their word Wc shall appreciate any little energy they may manifest in dealing with this important matter all the more readily from its novelty.— Friday's Advertiser, THE despatch written by Lord John ROSSELL and forwarded to Sir James HUDSON, the British Minister at Turin, a copy of which we published in these columns yesterday, will have been read, wo make no doubt, with oonBiderablc satisfaction. It openly approves of all that has been done in Italy by GARI- BALDI, unquestionably the greatest man, morally and intellectually, of this age; and it censures the oourse whioh the despotic powers of Europe have Been fit to pursue. " Her MAJESTY'S govern- " ment can see no sufficient ground for " the censure with which Austria, " France, Prussia, and Russia have " visited the acta of the King of jSar- " dinia. Her MAJESTY'S government " will turn ' their byes' rather to the " gratifying prospect of a people build- " ingup the edifice of their liberties and " consolidating the work of their inde- " pendonoe amid the syippaUjies $nd good " wishes of Europe." The publioation of this reprimand of the conduct pursued by tlw great wBtimtal piwi has prodaoed, we are assured, a deep sensation throughout Europe, and tits effect will, no doubt, be very great. The war in Italy is evidently not yet over. GARIBALDI has retired to his mountain home on the Island of Caprera; but in bidding his brave comrades farewell he ys:—" To arms all—all of you! If March, 1861, does not find a million "of Italians in arras, then alaBl for " liberty, alas 1 for the life of Italy 1 " Ah, no! far from mo a thought whioh "I loathe like poison. The March of " 1861, or, if necessary, February, will " find us all at our posts." Austria must give Venipe or it will be wrested from heir. Hungary is thirsting for her independence and she will have it too. All Europe is impressed with the oonviotion that the spring of the year will witness great convulsions. The " siok "man"-also seems to be rapidly approaching an inevitable dissolution. France is arming ; Austria, naturally enough, iB. arming; Prussia is assuming an attitude of - antagonism- to England and is evidently disposed to throw in her lot with Austria and Rnssia. All are preparing for a struggle whioh they believe to be inevitable. What the end of these things will be it is almost impossible to foresee. We must only wait patiently the progress of events.—Friday's Advertiser. 