rUIiL REPORT OF T1IÍÜ EXTRAORDINARY MARRIAGE ,CA8E . OB T1IB: ; - HON. MAJOR YELVERTON, JTeir-qpnorent to the Peerage of Avonmore,' . TRIES BEFOHK .H.; 1.0BJ} CHIEF JUSTICE MON&H;&N;, IN Tire . [COURT OF COMMON PLEAS, DUBLIN, ' From Thursday, Feb. 2\st, to Monday, March 4<A, 1801. FIRST DAY". , Jons IBXVWUUU V. THE Hoir, MA JOE'.TEXTSBTÓK.' (Continued from our last.) "If you do feel nny love for mo, yon must elimino thnt resolution. If I tlevmrl tins' lifo, yon f may speak, or if you do, you may Imvo ii leaner of tho feet« ; bur, whil.*l wo both livo, you must, trieft ino ami I must trust you. ¡ When I find my trust misplaced, if you have any nirce I tion for mo, I do not envy you tho futuro-your duty 1 lies this way, not (lint. I hnve now said my say, do ns 1 you will. If you wish, to be my dearest little Tcioi j tooi again, write quick mid say so, and I'll try and bring you such a lot of bon-bons, I do not feel at all certain j of getting away boforo Saturday, the 2nd, but if I did ! get off by tho two o'clock train oil tho Sift, I should not reach Hull until rniclr.ijrht; beside?, dearest, I do not much liko tho notion of going to fetch von from the Th-,-which you seem to meditate». Write nnd toll mo what liotol to go to.in Hull, undi will send you a mossago when I urriv» ¡ . but tho only certain way of passing Kew Year's Evo together will ho for you to como hero. Wo . need not stay in Edinburgh. I'll have a cago for you.. lt. is a long journey for you, and I should hardly 'adviso you taking it. Tho only thing is, that if we wero somewhere near hero, you could ride (if you likod) the jnave, as I hore another lent me. Tell mo what timo you receive th is, it is to go by thc 7 p.m. post.-Addio, Carissimu, Molle baccio, sempre a te. *'CARLO." Sho was struggling, not for lifo, but for honour. If hor lcttcr3 were produced, it would be soon that sho toldhim eho lind also a duty towards tho child of 'which sho was about to become tho motlier ¡ that sho had a duty to- wards society, towards lier mother, who war in the house; townrds a long lino of ancestors' whoso Tinmo wus novor tarnished by disgraoo, that he should acknowledge her as his wife. And what was his degrading answer ? "Do it; hut bo prepared for tho remainder of your lifo for ?tlisgraco and humiliation-to bo sent upon tho world branded by mo ns my mistress.'" Let them imagine tho condition of this ill-fated lady, pressed by this niau'whom . sho loved with devotion. "She agreed to go abroad with him, and to keep tho marriage seerot for tho present. Sho told him to como to hor, that ul io was in despair at .getting tho lettor, and on tho 17th of January ho -wroto tho following letter s " Tooi-tooi Cnrissimn,-How aro tho eyes ? I arrived " hore in duo course, having sat in the coiTee-room at the railway hotel, York, from eleven to two, without a singlo nap, thinking of you lind rending tho Times. A fussy old gentleman wa.i doing ditto ; wondered whether he had just letta tooi-tooi bellin il him ; have done nothing since I carno back but paint nt 'Carim,' and'it is nearly finished. Tho maru h still lanie, and I fear it is ¡ileura-' bio ; must Bend her b ick to tho brother for breeding purposes. I am in deop grief about it, ns sho was just getting porfoct. . Just liku my luck. I supposo if you over approach perfection, you'll go getting lame or something. -I fell asleep in my arm choir before tho fire a few nights ago, und'dreamt you came arid awoko mo much against th» grainVnnd then you sat down in tho other chair, and' talked about nil sorts of things, and finally insisted on my going to bud, andr nwokcsf nridingup, and having made a step or two towards tho door.- I never recollect having so real seeming a dream. AVIiuf. do you mean by it ? Disturbing my slumbers in that way. You had ou a bla-k silk dross, too ; 1 felt it when you stooped over mo, and I put my urm round your ?waist, and you pulled mo info a bolt upright sitting posture You're n dourest durling darling small tooi tooi, &a.; and * da capo.' Addio, Sempre n te, " CAUEO." In the beginning pf Muy, 1R58, they loft England, .and travelled on the Continent, arid in April, 185S, tho rea- sons for making' tho marriage public woro increasing evety day. At Bordeaux she wu» taken seriously ill. . nndTiis leave having expired, he left her there, nnd ?on hiB way to England ho postod thc following let- ter : "Poor little Tooi-tooi, left alone. Hoir doRs she got on ? Thought of her nil night when awake, mid dreamt of hor when asleep. Arrived ut Sh. 15 mntin. linda bnth and having still a qûnrter of an hour, write to small Tooi-tooi. Did Madame Andro get her key. I turned it in the armoire, where your dresses arc, intending to ask her to keep it until she loft thu rooms, or brought up your dresses, but put it into my pocket, and discovered it about five o'clock, when I sent it , back with tho .ail dres sho gave mo attached, from Angoulemo, I think. Dearest small Tooi-tooi, you must ? got well mid strong, and we'll havo a lurk next aiitumn yet, and have no more false ulanns (or rcul ones.) I nm very miserable at leaving you, especially in such a weak state. Next -.timo wo havo to purt. wo must both start to travel in diiforcnt directions, for the necessity of doing something is naturally a reliai'to the mind. I begnn to ory again when in tho railway, to the nmiizomcnt of a bonna and two pretty girls in ber charge-one of tho latter, a small . fairy about twelve yonrs old, found me out in'tho fact, I -arid announced it, at. tho saine limo wanting to- console .ino. Good-byo, carissima min. "Write, or got Madame to^lo so. Sempre a te, Mille bnccio. . " CAIII.O." That lotter wns addressed,«" A Mad'mo Yelverton, Chez Madame Andre, No ll, Foss del' Intendance, Bor- deaux." Ile believed that the tears the défendant then wept came from tho honest impulse uf his heart. Could they boliovo that the mun wlio wruto that letter believed that ho was living with that woinnn us his mistress ? Hbo wns now in tho condition when women required tho greatest sympathy. lier isfcr was nf. Bordeaux, but . she did not venture to communicate to her tho shito alio ] .was in. It was subsequently arranged that if »ho found hor condition getting w.qrso ah« would appeal to her sister, and on tho 20th of' April ho Wrote n letter iii French to Madame Andre, at whoso houso Mrs Yelver- ton was staying, asked her to write to him to say how "his dearest Teresa was." On the 2Cth of April ho ?wrote :- " ' . . " Carissimn min,-Vleaso write me a- lino to say how ?you aro. I nm so 'afraid you must be worse, u» you havo not answered my last, letters-1 lave you received \- them? Do write, or make Madame Andre do so. Poor little Tooi-tooi, I hopo you aro only naughty and not worse, in health Y mean. Sompro n tu carissimn mia, mille buooio ot d.i-càpo." ' ; A letter was written back stating that she could not bo worse, and then ho wrote ¡ " Thursday, 20th. "My poor little Tooi-tooi,-Tn the first pince send for a nurse at once. That oki woman in our old houso would do. 'Would shu not ? If not,'tell the doctor to engage you one. Then send for your sister, if you wish. I have tried to get leave, but have not succeeded' Still, if you would r« Hier t hat I should come, you must make your dootor write a few lines tliat I eua «hov.', and just ?write nt the end of his (' Pray come ¡ I nm no better'). 'Ho must not speak of you otherwise than as my relation, or I doro not show ilia lotter, sud cannot'get''learn ? without I can show it. Make him write to mo privately." Thosister was informed, and by her eure she got bctler, ;nnd whoa sho was able to travel she went to Boulogne, .and when she was there ho wrote this letter to her s " Carísima m!o,-T hope you continuo to meiicl¡ and mean to bo soon well again. Poor little Tooi-tooi, you must liare hail a hard journey of it. Did you got my letter wlion you arrived at Boulogiio ? . Pienso toll your ?ister how much obliged I um' to lier for tho bulletins she so kindly sent mo., .1 hopo she will continus'lo act as TOW nmnnnonsis until you, feel abla lo write yourself, ns ' 5 Btill feel very anxious un your, iircoimt. - What n slio <lovil that Uord'.nux woman i«., T eau hardly believe it possible, oren now when I think of lier sniauthly alfcc '?. -tionato niannoi'. Perhaps it is fortunato that I could not go to you, nu I certainly should havo abusod her, and probably bave csusjil a commotion in tho house, which -would not have been good for you. I havo nothing to -tell you from lin e." Wo have been performing a grunt 'deal of niilitnrv I'nolerv iure, und I nm Bullering to-day from tho offeels ufa dinner we hud, to' give the general la it uigbt. Addio, caris.iiinn. Sempre a te. " O.utLO. "Scrawl ma a lilli», like a good little, Tooi-tooi, when- ever you feel ublc. . . cautious, therefore, in the way \- you Bign yourself, and reul thalettors. Confound that shj-dcnion at Dorüeaux, and bless tlint dear good sister of yours. Scribble rn» n line, carissimo, as often as you oun, I cannot tell you my thoughts, for I novel' tlunk, especially of the future. Suinoro a to. Addio. It appeared thut. when 3I:uluiae Andro discovered tho nature of the Sinew *hc miltie l oniplaiiits nbiut the mat- ter. The n?xt leîrer from him to lier wns as follows : *' Carissima mia)-T am BO sorry I cannot help to iiiirso you, and am very glad that you h iv a better nurse than I could possibly be. W .. . I possibly have guessed thal that infernal Mad...;.. that we both gayoorodit to ns ii kiiuUti'oii fd WIIIMU, enuld have turiiod out auoli a fearful deception, <4(vn my regard* to your sister (Afine. H-bvru). I thank her. Shone cessarily-judges me hardly now; but she will-bp're- warded''Bomowhure,'whether it bo in this world or nn pther, for the Buffering! she experienced in this her und task. Tell her.I linvo received her two k' d lett ers, und anxiously watch for n third. A» T nm not sure whether this can bo forwarded to you, I will not writ o more now. I am weighed down with the load ol' sutpciise I have, lo bear, and livo only in hope of a bettor future. Sempra Sonso a te, carissima mia. Addia." ho came to Boulogne determined not lo endure hor po- sition any longor, and accordingly she wrote tho follow- ing letter, which bespoke a mind nut degraded, but a virtuous soul, and a wouian who had not fallen : - " Bear Curio,-You asked my forgiveness, and re- ceived it, without n weird of reproach. There is no need of exouses or disguising of fnots which medical men who have attended ino hnvo coiillrmcil. Neither was the malady a slight one, as you ure trying to persuade your- self. ' ¿ty sister is witness, and you may bo convinced by coming to see tho wreck I am now. I shall not dio, as you say-she lins vaved mo. But it is somewhat hurd to losb health, eyesight, and every beauty in the primo ol' life. Bu reste, if these my sufferings, for your sake, have not endeared me'more. Bo not think there is any obligntion imposed upon you ; let it ho forsotton-re quiescnt in puen, (it will bo remembered in both our days ol'reckoning, and that is enough). As to tho other busi- ness, I do not me any other coursu than to tell your motlier tho truth, us yon luid proposed doing. Surely she will forgive and help you. She hua a mother's heart und ii clever head. Bo not, in tho hope of patching up matters, throw awnv our Inst chonce of united happiness, lîvents have rushed so swift to n crisis it is not possible to atom .the tide-wc must cling fast together or wc shall bil lost to each other-our past cannot be reacted in tho future. Bo not, for tho sake of a moro chimera, give up a real life-long enjoyment. You hnvo already broken the spirit of .your promis?. What is tho bnre lettor good for ? I clo nut ask you to rush on to immediate rum, but your mother will koop tho secret for your sake, and through my friends ho can never hour. I enronot about tho honour ol' soeing your family, but I must bo pro- tected from all y. nubility of unithcr Bordeaux exposo. Imputations in open courts upon, my fair f.nno as a wo mun aro no~t tu lie borne. I need not quota "Craíor's wife" -ovory mau nui-t fool tho same-and I am sure that wore thore a m.in in tho caso you would not Int him go unpun- ished. You will recollect t hal I told youbelbrol consented to keeping the inarriugcsccrctthutlhis, und thisiilono, was tho only saorifloe I could not willingly m.iko for you. That vile thing wanted to malro a clnim on tho plea that you had deceived her, and introduced on improper per- son into tho house, in order to abandon hor. Imagine, if you eau, tho misory I havo gono through. Think of your own sister in auch a position. You say you never think-that is a (lb. In your nrcsont position it is posi- tive you think ii great deal; but you fear to disclose your thoughts. May I guess? You think perhaps, that it would bo bettor for us to keep apart for a long, long time, until circumstances remedy . themselves. This may bo wise, but so very hard i oven now time hnngs like an incubus upon mo. Tempus fugit seems a fallacy. I should bo tempting you to come oycr, only I um so vory ugly that you could not lovo to look atme. It is strango you clo not luisa nie ; more. ' Wo hnvo never lived to- gether long sUlDoiently. If wo could remain together for «ix months, then you would. You uro n very good Carlo to write me often ¡ it is tho only pleasuro left nie I cannot see ti> read or write-my days aro so long and dreary-my nights restless mid feverish-your letters tho only point I have to look forward to, so pray think of mo. I often lio awake from daylight waiting for tho' postman. I will soul my letter, but I had already taken tho precaution about signing. -It had struck me, that such letters ns I write to you could only bo written by a wife or--. Piensa write directly. When do you think you can get oil'to Dublin? I feel so nervous and anxious to know what your mother will say. I trust it WHS sho who opened tho letter; nny of your sisters would hot dare; so, after all, perhaps there is not much barm done, but I shall be glad when you go. Cara min, think, nt least, of tho linppinoss wo have known together-so entire, so unbounded. Is thero any other .joy in the world to bo compared to reciprocated love ? How every- thing on earth bosaino indiiferen£ but our two selves. You said I wa» the dearest, small tooi-tooi that ever lived, nnd I thought there was not in the wide, wide world another Carlo Uko mine. " TllEUESA. YELVEIITOX." Sho got no answer-sho becamo terrified. Sho carno to Scotland ; she heard ho was at Leith. Sho went there and met with his brother. She appealed to him to declare Ihoir marriage. He said ho was a ruined man, and n-iked her to go to Australia. She refused. Ho then said if sho wont to Glasgow he might manage to conto to her. Ho left her, and wroto tho following let- ter immediately after : " Poor little Tooi-tooi,-T cannot go ont! seo j on any moivjint now. Ton maH go to (Jlnsgow, as I nskuu you. Do not forget tho m in's nnnio-'Gilligan's Livery Stables. My brother lias come. I will semi him to seo you this afternoon, about four o'clock. Audio." On thc 2Gtli Juno ho went through tho ceremony of marriage with unother woman in Scotland. What was sho to do ? What could bo moro desolate thnn such a situation ? Tho world had not behoved tho defendant's calumny. Tho lady still enjoyed tho respect of the world. Women of fortuno and rank refused to believo his lying story. Sho had, by overy means in her power, from time to time, sought to bring him face to face with lier. Mir Titelwall wa* a friend of hers. Ile had known her ns tito wife'of Major Yelverton. Ho supported hor, nnd ho-now brought Major yelverton to tho bar of justice to compel him to discharge this duty of social life. She bud sought to bring him to just iee in various courts in London, whore sha could tell her sud story. Ho shrank from her challenge, and pleaded that ho was not a domiciled Knglislnutiii, and the plea was hold good, and tho suit dismissed. Sn there she was over since assorting her honour nnd character, and ho behind her back blasting her reputation. Lust year the defend- ant was suod by a mun who gave nrlielos of clothing to this Indy as Major Yolverton's wife. Ho sought, to stop thc action, on tlio ground that it was sought by it to es- tablish tho marriage. Tito court refined to stop tho action, and ut the hist moment thc defondnut slunk away liko a coward, gnvo a consent for judgment and paid tho money. Ucliud screwodhis "courage to tho sticking point" at lust; but ho (Serjeant Sullivan) very muoh doubted whether bc would present'himself beforo a jury and say t hat tho ceremonial of marriage wns ulla mockery,andthnt thowo man was his mistress still. But his falsehood would not avail him, for tho murringo would bo proved to demon- stration. They had under tho hand of tho priest tho cer- tificate of tho marriner. Serjeant Armstrong, for tlio defendant, said unless that cortiflonto «-as offered in ovidenee tho defendant could not ba alFoclod by it. Serjeant Sullivan »aid he, was prepared to submit it in ovidonce. The jury would understand, ho said, when tho case was over tho meaning of that interruption. Thc case of tho plaintiff wai tile faso of truth against false, hood. Tiley did not caro what had occurred. Tho priest, perhaps, hnd boon threatened with felony. How- ever, ¿hoy would pul him in tho witness-box. He bu lioved tho clergyman would swear thut there was a cere- mony ol'marriage porformed, und that Mejor Yelverton told him he « ns u Catholic. If they behoved tho mur- ringo was performed, tho defendant would probably say, " Be it so ¡ but thoro is a statute in Ireland whioh makes a marriage void, because I wus a Protestant at the lime tho'marringa wm celebrated." Ko doubt there was snell a. stat uta'passed in unhappy times, when it was almost a crimeto profess tho C'utitoiici faith, oven when len med with lisping li|iH itt the knees of the most virtuous of mothers, or instructed by tho most loyal of fathers. But what a infiernillo subterfuge^- what a dishonourablo pleu! Was it for Ihis (hat Burry Yelverton, the scholar, the mun of relined mind, tho ornament of his noblo profes- sion, won his flivt peerage, that lie might transmit it to be defiled by his degenerate descendant ? But this min omblfl plea would not nvnil him, for at t'io altar he stated himstilf to ben Catholic. Tho jury hud it in their power,to. hold him to what he suki. He asked the jury not to allow thu marriage ceremony to bu mudé tho trick of libertines, to dash down tho insulting argument that would hu put to thom, lo send tho defendant from the court tim lawful husband of Mrs. Yelverton, to save her existence, which depended upon their verdict, nowassuro they would rejoice to do thin, and in doing it they would earn tho approbation of every honest mun. There wore considerable manifestations of applauso in court nt the conclusion.of the learned gentleman's ad- dress. BX.VMIBATIOS OP MKS. VB&VEItTOX.; . Terciw Yelverton, examined by Mr Whiteside, Q.O. i My ianidt'11 muiio was Teresa Longworth. T was bom ot Ohotwood, in Lancashire. My father is demi. My nio thor is dead also. I was educated iu Franco, in an Ur- suline coiivont. Both my sisters wero educated there" also.,'T was brought up a strict Catholic .? Mr sister, Madame XolWru, resides .at Boulogne. I paid her a visit in 1863.-"'' I left for England in July or August of thiit year, at-eoinpaiiied to tho steamer by my sister und her husband. I llrst saw Cu plain Yelverton' thcro. ¿te was polite and attentive in looking after my luggage, nnd getting mo a cab on my urrivul in London. I stayed nt the MuiohloQcss de Belline's. Captain Yelvertou'oallod t'ioro the following dey to visit. Ky sister, Mw Bek buri};, «nw him there, dhu reside* nl-Ahergnvetiuy Gus- tie, in Wides. 1 went to Italy front London. Captain' Yelverton was then ht Multa..:T remained in Italy about two years, nntl then returned to lingbtnd. Aftor that I went to tho Crimen. I went to Constantinople with tho French 8isters ol Charily. I wore their dress, but did nut take any vows. I received a visit front' Captain Yelver- ton ut tho Quinta hospital, wham I wu» attending the sieh. Ho said ho had come purposely to see mc, and he made me an nlfor of marriage, and asked mu to leave tho hospital, lest I might take lover or some other disease. This was about t wo years nfter our correspondence be- gan. Hut I said I could not leave tho hospital till the war in the Crimea wits over. After that I went to visit General and Lady Strauhenzoe, I was rccoivod ns rt vi- sitor at their place, und resided six weeks with them. Captain. Yelverton visited mo at General and Lady Struu bonnee's ivs a suitor. Ho visited mo ns my fiunctie. That visiting continued about six weeks, llb thou told mo for tho drat time that ho was under pecuniary difficulties, tluit ho could not then marry, ns he had given n proudso to his relations not to marry any lady'who could not pay his debts. I said the engagement was broken" oir in that case, as my property was not lintier roy own control, be- ing only entitled to the interest of it. Ho said that about C3.000 would bo stifilciont. Wo parted then. Ho re- turned tho same evening, but there was no further talk on the subject. I saw him again in a week. I asked him why ho ramo buck, and ho said because ho could not keep away. He proposed a secret, marriage in tho Greek .^church nt Balaklava, to which I objected, as they were 'Greek Catholics, not Roman Catholics. I returned to England in January, 1857. I landod in Portsmouth, and wont to tho house of the Marchioness do Lavigno. Aftor that I went to-Edinburgh. Captain Yelverton was than stationed tn Scotland. Miss M'Fnrhr.ib, who is a Sister of Charity at present, was with mc nt the limo in Edin- burgh. I saw Captain Yelverton almost every day. She was airare of his visits and of their objebt. I went into society in Edinburgh. At tho time Major Yelvertoi proposed a Scotch ninrrinje, ho said a marriage could ba constituted by mutual consent, willioutnny priest or core inony. Hcsnid it could beduno in Hie room where wo were sitting. I said I heard something of the sort, hut could hurdly boliove it. 1 said I did not like Hint sort of mur- ringo, that I should ho married hy a Catholic priest; that I thought it was a sin unless there wan a olcrgjman ; that murringo was u sacrament. Ho said thut wc confer- red a sacrament, on ourselves, that tho priest did not confer'it. On one occasion ho wènt. to a table and took ?X book from tho table, and I wont to his side nnd lie read tho marriage ceremony, and said, " This makes you my wife according to tho laws of Scotland.".. I opened the door of tho room in which Miss M'Fnrliino was sitting, and said to her, " We've married each other." I did not consent to live with him ns his wife. Ho wished to go to somo hotel round Edinburgh, and thnt ho would recognise mo ns his wife, and I refusod. He. was very importunate about it, and I loft. Edinburgh und wont, to Hull, to Mr Thelwnll, tho plnintiiT. I »gain went to London, and then went to my sister, Mrs Bollumy, in Wales. I had a lotter from Major Yelverton, and at his requost I left, my sistor, nnd came lo'Waterford. linet him nt Watorford at the hotel. T said I had been look- ing for a priost, but could not find one. Hesnid that wo hud bettor not remain in Waterford, nnd that Thomas- town was a nice, quiet place. Wc went there, but could not seo tho priest. Wo carno to Dublin, and then to Newry, nnd from that to "Rostrevor on the Saturday after- noon. . Wo went on tho Sunday morning to Warren point to mass, and attended it together. Ho went through the ceremony. After mass wo went together to tho clerk, and asked to seo (ho clergyman. Wo waited at his request to seo the priest, who'was ut his breakfast; but after awhile tho clerk como and said that thu priost luid gone away, I subsequently saw Mr Mooney net at llostrovor. Major Yolverton went to Dublin, tolling me ho would got a priest in Dublin for Ü50, but ho thought that too much. Ho was for throe or four days in Dub- lin. When he returned T told him thnt I lind soon tho priest nt this town, who said ho would murry us, hut that we should get a dispensation, and that I had seen tho bishop, who would give it. ito said I was foolish to be so uneasy, as there was no difficulty in tho cuso. I had not lived with him up to that time as his wife. I tole! hint T lind no money to pay for tho disoensntion, nnd he said ho would give it to tho Hov. Mr Mooney tho follow- ing morning, when it was arranged that wo should bo married. Thc next day was the Festival of tho Assump- tion. It was arranged that we were to go to chapel for high mass. We only arrived when tho mass wus condu- cted. Mr Mooney was wait ing for us in tho church, whore thoro wore only two or threo persons at tho time. Tho clergyman hart Iii« vestments on. Maior Yelverton hod provided a ring. Tho ring now on my fingor is the ring ho placed on my finder. I walked straight to thc altar rails, and Major Yelvorton, in reply to the cle:i','y man, said he was free to marry, that he was a Catholic, but thnt he was afraid he was not a good one, hut that ho was no Protestant. Tho priest went inside the rails, Major Yelverton knelt down by my-side, and tho priost rend somo players in Latin, and after that commenced the marriage service. It was tho samo, as far ns I can recollect, that we had read in Edinburgh together. Wo both repented the words. Ho Paid, " Eepent after mo -T, Murin Teresa, fnho you William Ohnrlos for my lawful husband." T said so. Hesnid ho took ino for his lawful-wife. Tho priost asked for n pieco of money, and Major Yelverton took a pieco of money from his pocket, <ind said ho ondowod mo with if. Then ho took a rina from his waistcoat pocket, and pushed it on the third finger as usual. The priest then rend more prayers in Latin, and gave tho blessing. Tho priest then con gratnlntod us, and Major Yelrorton gavo him ¡GIO, and I said tho second £5 was for tho dispensation. Wo then loft tho church, and tho clergyman wished us happiness. I liad previously gone to confession to tho clergyman. Tho dispensation was lo dispense with thc bans. I stated tho case truly to Mr Mooney. I heliovo it. would bo a sin to livo together as man nnd wifo except mnrriod by n Catholic priest. I saw Major Yelverton at mn3s twice in Edinburgh, no told me he believed in tho Catholic doctrines though ho did not practise them. Tia always made fun of tho Protestant religion. He told me that part of his family werb Catholics and part Protestants, that his grandmother and aunt were Catholics. After the murringo ceremony wo lived ns married pcoplo, and not be foro it. At tho timo of the marriage tho nnme Yelverton was not given. I had given him n solemn promise beforo wo wore married not to disclose the lnnr riago until ho gave mo permission ; tho priest, howovor, knew tho immo Yelverton. Wo went to tho Ginni's enuseway nfior tho marriage ceremony, and wo parted in Bolfast for a short time ¡ ho went to his family, I went to Edinburgh, whore I saw him niter about a fortnight. Miss M'Farlnno, who \ had become a Catholic, was in n convent, nnd I took hor out to livo with me. Mnjor Yel- verton cave me permission to tell her aboutthomnrringo. Major Yelverton lived with me in Edinburgh. I intro- duced him to Mr and Mrs Thelwall, whom I had previ- ously told I was married to Mnjor Yelverton. Wo pnid a visit afterwards to Mr and Mrs Thelwall, nt Hull. Wo made n tour of Scotland niter thc marriage. My husband wrote our names " Mr und Mrs Yelverton," in tho visi- tors' book at DoonCustlo [hook produced, mid tho hand- writing of tho defendant identified]. Ito also put my nnme "Teresa Yelverton" in my iiuMtiort when wo wont on tho Continent. Wo went to Dunkirk,- Paris, Ronon, Bordennx, (cr. Wo wore in Bordeaux in February, nnd ho left me (hero,, his leuvo of absence being up, nt tho house of a Madama .Audra. I wrote to Mr Mooney for tho mnrriago certificate [certificate produced], I had a likelihood of having n family, and T told Major Yelverton if T became a mothar it would bo my duty to tho child to publish thu marriage immediately. 'Ho said that my duty lay more towards linn than to thc child. After tho mnr- riago I wrote twenty-four or twenty- ftve letters to my husband. T wroto to him to sny that in case of my being a mother T should'proclaim tho marriage. I was unwell nf Bordeaux. T wns at Boulogne from May to .Tuno. T was unwell whilst there. Bo promised mo before ho left Bordeaux that ho would communicate our mnrriago to his mother, and ask hor to keep tho secret. I wont over in 185S to Scotland, and saw Major Yelvorton in the hotol nt Leith, lie told mo ho wns a ruined man, and asked if I.would make n cacriflco to save him.. I said I would moko any sacrifice. BTc said ho would send ino to New Zealand, that he should soon be goiug to India, anil thut in about six months wc should meet again, lie said if I did not do what he (haired, that ho would bo n ruined man, mid that wo would ho both mis- erable for lifo. I,asked him whiit lin mean!, and ho re- fused to answer any question?. I snid I was too ill to go. Ho «aid ho would' take ino to Glnsgow, whore I would bo quiot, but. (lint I should lupvc Edinburgh. He said ho would take mo to Glasgow on the following morning. Thonote produced is the last I got from him. His bro- ther came on tho following oveniug, nnd ho said ho wished to - make saino arrangements, Thu upshot was that T was curried out of tho room ill. I could liol well know what he said. He said hu had something very particular lo communicate.. Hu said "Major Yelvorton ls gone to Glasgow,' where ho wishes yon to go." I remained at Leith, mid on tho Monday following T heard of the sctvmd inurrinßo of llnjor Yel- verton. In November, IH57, when I was going from Hull to Edtii'iiircth,' 'io oniragoila berth für me as for his wife. My. fnthorV estate is now in Chancery.' Mr. Thel- wall has supplied mo with board und lodgings. I hilve no sopnrate maintenance of my own at present t o livo on. This couoludcd tho sitting of the court, SKCOXDDAY. 1 lui court sat ut .tra o'ulook, when * ' Mi's Turesn Yelverton took her position in tile witness box. îiotwililniidiiig the very protructvd direct nxnmi niition Him was subject ti) the previous evening--nil ex iiininiition which occupied soverul hours-nnd in the course of which ber feelings, no doubt, wore ^int to n desperate and severe test-she did not appear to. hnve fullered much i'rdni the fatigue or painful nature of the ordeal through which she passed. Oii entering the hox,fnr au instant, she seemed confused, and her color indicated that she laboured under some excitement which required resolution and II struggle to suppress ¡ but this cloud pas- sed away quickly, nnd she resumed tho composed, eolleo; ted, and thoughtful ' impcanutce which tho woro on thé first day of thu trial. Mrs Yelverton is still in tho pos- session of un exceedingly ngrccnblo personnel, nnd with- out hehir; positively hundióme, she is most prepossessing and ladylike. Apparently nul, moro tliun twonty-ei¿ht, her thoughtful, resigned, nnd almost melancholy foulures would induce a belief that sho hud lived n much longer life. She is of medium height, alight in figure, with un excessively intelligmt countenance, bright and vivacious when animated, hue almost sud in repose. During the entire day sha was under eross-oxmniuntion by afr Brew- ster, which had not concluded when tho court rose ut six. She gave hoi* evidence with a distinctness, un apparent absence of reservation, and with n dignity mid candour that elicited the hearty sympathy, und very frequently tho loud applause ofu densely-crowded court. Her di- rect examination WHS cont inned by Mr Whiteside, in re- ply to whom she stated that tho 12th or13th of April was tho timo Major Yelverton rend tho Scotch marringc. E then lived in Mr Gamble's house, in Edinburgh. We loft for Hull. At this point of hor examination Mrs Yelverton sud- denly beenmu much confused and agitated. Sho trembled violently-her eyes were steadfastly fixed on a gontloman u lm occupied a seat on one of tho sida benches, inunodi dintcly opposite the witness box. Mio fell back in un ox hausied and fainting state. Tho greatest compassion was felt for her by all present, and restoratives had to be procured und used before she appeared to recover. Mr AVhitcsido said : My lord, I understand tho ngitn tion of the witness is caused by the presence of tho defen- dant. I would, therefore, my lord, request that your lordship, will ask tho defenduntto withruw. Tho Chief Just tcp : I cannot order him to do BO. HÍK presence is entirely a matter of tasto and feeling.. Mr Brewster : Of course thu defendant will withdraw. Tho dofendant got up to leuve, but delayed somo time, tho agitation of Ibo witnes3 continuing.. A .Turor Bnid : Wo are of opinion, my lord, that the defendant ought to withdraw, seeing that his prcsonce discomposes the witness. Tho defendant: then withdrew, but tho witness was un- able to answer Mr Whiteside for some moments, owing to her continued trembling. After a short delay Examination resumed : Wo had threo rooms' in Mr Gnmblo's house in Edinburgh. Miss M'Fnrlnnc was willi mo all tho timo Major Yelverton visited mo, day and night. When wo returned altar tho murringo wo got nnothcr rcsidonce in Edinburgh. Miss M'Farlanc canto with ino then. I was ill at Bordeaux. I sent for my sister, Madame Lo Fevre, who cunio from Boulogno to inc. Monsieur Loppo accompanied her. I was vory ill then nt Mndumo Andre's. . I n-us removed from that house to a hotel. I left Bordeaux with them. Mon- sieur Loppo went to tho post-office in Bordeaux for me, nnd got u lotter. It is lost. It wns addressed to " Madame Yelverton." It wns in my husband's hand- writing. I showed that letter to my sister nnd M. Loppo. Tt desired that iny sister should koop tho murringo secret. Jlndamo Lo Fovro is confined to her bed in London. She was coming over here. I heard suddenly yesterday that Mr Bellamy, my 'brother-in-law, is dead. I was living for threo months nt Mrs Stalker's house in Edin- burgh aller tho marriage. I was always addressed and spoken of as Major Yelvorton's wife. At tho If ighluud Inn, Linlithgow, ho asked tho waiter to " bring down his wifo's thingd." When abroad tho letters wero ad- dressed to " Madame Yelverton." I think Major Yel- vorton's brother cnllod twice on me, but I saw him only once.- Ho spoke to mo courteously. I hnvo been visited since my niarriugo by most respectable people. Cross-examined hy Mr Brcwsfor, Q.C.-My father was supposed to bo a weal-hy mun. Ho lind boon a wealthy man, but I don't think he was wealthy when he died. Ho left money in tho funds, but I don't know how much. I was made exocutrix, but I did not prove tho will. 'Tho family lawyers said thoro wero .-650,000 which were not accounted for. Mr Howe, my father's attorney, said so. My father had property called Long- worth, near Mnnchcslor. Thero nro sovernl housos built on them. I don't know tho actual incomo of thom. I got about £200 a year at (ho first, until about three years ago. It is completely stopped now. Thora were disa- greements between my Cither and his children during his life. They were of a serious character. Any disagree- ment between a parent and childron must ho serious. Thc causo was trivial, hut it became serious. My father and I never h id n quarrel-. My father was very severe with mo. I remonstrated with him. That was tho only disagreement wo had. Ho was not affectionate lo mo. Ho was learned, but vory eccentric. I waited on him for several weeks whilst lio was Ul. I always enter tai ned n filial respect for him. I had tenderness for him nt first, hut lie was very harsh, and I was always pre- pared to do everything for him. I described him ns a man " who did not fear God or tho devil." Ho did not believe in eithor. He whs an Athoist. I did describe bim as such, but not in speaking. Mr Thelwnll offered to bring this action for me. It was discussed between him and his solicitor nnd myself. I went to his house because I had nowhere else to go to. I went there for tho purposo of being maintained, in ordor that my hus- band would bo mado to support mo. I did intend that an action should bo brought on it. I did wish an ac- tion should be brought. Mr Xhelwall has as great an intorcst in getting his money ns I have in clearing my character. I think "odio force", ia a kind of animal, magnetism. I believe in it as a science which is not. yet fully understood. I think I hnvo felt tho influence. Wo feel an nltraction townrds some people, and repul- sion toward» others. I mot Major Yoi vortbn nt first in the steamer. It was evening when I went on board. Tho captain asked two ladies on board to take chargo of me, and I joined them. Major Yelverton and another gentleman wore With these ladies Tho ludios remained on deck all night, which was a very warm ono. My sister throw n Bhawl to me from the shoro. Mojor Yel- verton caught it and put it on my shoulders. Major Yelverton sut opposite to mo on a chair, and placed a plaid over both our knees. Tho plaid'did not go over tho shoulders of either of us. I took no fancy to that plaid that night. He subsequently described it as in- fected with the magnetic influonco-it caught that night, and then I took a fancy to it. I don't think wo sat tho wholo night in that posture, becnuse wo walked about and changed our places. Wo nrrived in London nt day- light. Tho Indies wished mo good-by, and they went away. Yelverton got a cab for mo. I don't know whether Yelverton wont with tho ladies. Ho did not cot into tho cab with mo. I nm certain ofthat. t wont home by myself. T saw him tho day following. I swear positively that ho did not go homo to my ho uso and dress himself thero. I wont that morning to tho house of tho Jlnrchiono's La Vurnill, in Nottinghnm strect, London. Sho is dead. I told him where [ was stopping. I did not invito him. Ho asked mo might he como. I nm not certain whether I saw him that day or tho day aftor, bocauso I heard my sister say that, he called twico. I will not swear I snu-him twice in London. I saw him once, I think, tho dny nftor' my arrival. He rcmnincd two hours. My sister and I received him. " Ho told me bowns nu oflicor and X thought, ho was an ngreoublo person. I do not think I fell in love with him on hoard tho packet. Tl is difficult to delina when love commences. I was dis- appointed in riot seeing him again in London. Ho said ho would eall again. I do not know thet, liku others of his profession, ho wns false to his word. I heard from him since that ho called nt the house arid did not seo me. I again say I do not know whother I saw hiih on two consecutive days. -': Wo did not Bpèakof love He did not give mu to understand that he admired rae much. He had too much aeiiBo lo do BO. From that timo I did not soohiin till tho autumn of'55. Inevorforgetnnypcrsbn I nm ncquainted with. I wits not anxious toi seo him. I had a vague desire, not à positivo desire,' (o' Ita vd further j'acquaintance with him. I think it was tho-hanker, Mr Barker, openod tho noxt communication bot weon us. I rcniumbor writing flint it wus through the ^intervention of St Anthony, that tho communication wns opened, but [ must explain that, in Italy St Anthony is regarded as tho patron faint of letters,.messages, &c;, (laughter.) Mr Longworth left England in '52 to go as Onsul to Mon stu." I lind a correspondence with him. I think it was the latter end of 1R52 I left England for Franco: I thon went to Katy. 1 wont by tlió róndxfrom Pnriá to Sfar seilles. Th'oro was* a ludy"and her.son with mo ¡ her nama is Whitehead. We wont tho whole woy together to Naples and lived, there.'. Bofore tho Whiteheads loft Ñamo» T, went, tn'Hm Mnrohcsa Gnrdoueho, to whom I had letters ofcommun icu tion. My only i.bj oct in writ- ing thu lot ter, wns tb send it to Ola consul. I WUB told by Mr Turnor, tho banker, that lt was noocBsary to Ai root tho letter to a persuu ut Malta, or. it would not go. I was told by Yclvorton in London that ho was quart- ered in Malta, and when I mentioned this to Mr Turner h* said ho kuew Yolverton,muí that ho waa at Malta. I «nw Mr Roe, a friend i>f - Yelverton's, ut Mr' Turner's, - nnd I Imow him,; tjiorofore, before I lieu rd of'.him from.> Vnlverfon. ' I do niit rnoolleiit writing to Yelverton thnt I mule Ron's acquaintance. (Letter linnded to wituesa, dated 22nd .TuiiK.-'n'i year.] Thin is II letter from me lo Yelverton, nnd Mr Boo is mmitioncd in it. I think lifter Mr Roe wns introduced to mu ho cultivated my acquaint, anee. He hud ii yacht nt Naples, and asked me to go on hoard. He wa* unmarried. I sn w hu was a gentleman, but I don't recollect that ho wns a man of fortune. He wai nn tu/reeuble man sometimos. Ineithor like nor dis- like his society. I wavered very much whether I likod him or not. Ho uesd to Bpeuk bitterly of paonle. I see in tho let tor that I say ho oxorcisod mi "evil influpnae o vor mu"-thu expression was unfortunate, as what I meant was that he .VHS disagreeable. It is a description of Mv Roe's manners. Ho said very disagreeable things, but riot wrong things.: : Ho never said anything to mo that it was not proper for a gent.Iomnn to , say to n lady. He says in the letter that I waua " jinnie'.'-pl did flirt with 1'iitn, and then I would not. At times ho was agrec- illo nnd we talked a good deal. At othor times ho was disagreeable, and I wolud not. speak to him, and then ho would soy T wns a prude. It was arranged that I was to go on board his yacht with a chaperone, but ho was not to go. Tho ohap wono was Miss Onslow. Tho muttor was discussed amongst our friends. He nftorwnrds Baid thnt. he would go on board with ino, I then said I would not go, mid ho said I was a prude, and ho afterwards went oiT, as my lettor to Yelverton says, " in a gale of wind," (laughter.) Mr "Brewster then proceeded to examine the witness out of sevorul of hov letters to the defendant. Tho witness said it was not fair to read her letters without reading his veplies. Mr Whiteside snid tho complaint of tho witness was perfectly proper, for he saw by looking over tho letters thnt each explained tho other. The Oliiel Justieo said tho answers and tho roplies should bo read whenever thc witness required it.. Mr Bruivsfor : Well, Miss, or whntevor oise you aro to bo called by, what letters do you wish to be read ? (dis- approbation in court.) Tho witness thon rent! several of tho defendant's lottors to hor, and her- letters in reply. In reference to a pas- sage in ono of them, where sho said she got into trouble by not'keeping her secrets, sho said two Italians, ono a prince, woro thinking of fighting o'duel about her. .Tho prineo was raying (sho said) his addresses to me j and I did not like him, ho was short and brood (laughter) Another Italian gentlomnn that I said that to told tho prince, and added that I could not think of him. They quarrelled, nnd woro about lo fight n duel. Tho Chief Justice : But did they [laughter]? Witness : Oh, no j they, made u great fusj, but did not. fight. I do not think they intended to fight at all [laughter]. Tho oross-exuminnt inn was then continued, and was confined almost exclusively to tho meaning which tho witnoss put on particular passages of her letters to tho defendant. 1 n the course of tito cross-exaininution tho following lottors wore road by Mr Brnwstor and by Mr Whiteside :- x " Naples, June 22nd, 31 St Imcia. My dear Captain Yelverton,-I am half afraid that I shall just miss yon when you como to Nnples, nt which contretemps I should be provoked-je ne sournis dire pourquoi ¡ but I wnntod to soe you, perhaps to renew my first impression, for I do believe m first, instinctive feelings ; nnd although sometimes obliged to chango my opinion, still nunrly invariably je retourne toujours a mes promiera amours. My movements aro extremely uncertain nt tho present mjment. I am going in tho Sapphire to Tunis, and Heaven knows whero oise, to ho tinnily landed nt Multa or Corfu, whero my brother is to fetch me, nnd to conduct mo to Bosnia. However, thore is no end of flies about toking out a Neapolitan crew, and I hopo wo shall not get oil' for another three weeks or a month. Do you call tho beginning of July tho 3rd or tho 13th ? If ibo former, I sholl see you. Aro you going to England ? Havo you heard unything of Mr Koo depuis ? (b.v-tho-bve, you never answered my Inst note j you don't lüto writing c'est liion ; well for you tliat you have never been necessitated to liko it. If, as you soy, you wish lo know tho better, do not jo rous on prie take his opinion on tho Mi'iject ; in tho first place ho had a most evil in/luenoo upon mo mioque on mo oharmont ¡ in thc second, he chunged his sentiments respecting me about ovory other day ! ! jo vous demande if his opinion is to ho trusted. Ono day " I was just tho sort of per- son he did liko ¡" tho next, he discovered mo to ho a prude, contracted in my opinions, &c;, and finding u great manque jo no sais quoi, which to him was positively indispensable; npros cola there was nothing on tho face of creation that ho would not. accomplish, if I would naroo it. I was installed in tho main cabin (not in per- son-emblematically-I never sot foot upon the Eu- dora), and honourably mentioned in tho log-book. All is well that ends wei!, but it didn't, for ho wont off in a tremendous gale of wind, cursing me sans doute in his heart for thc total neglect of certain polite notes and proffered sorvico. Pray toll him I did answer, but it fell into bad hands-worse even than his. Stay, you will forgot it ; I will put it. on paper. Now, tell mo truly, aro you as inconsistent ns your friend ? because ho sur-1 passed everything T had ever met with. Novertheless, ufter I had finished laughing nt his stormy exit from thc scone, I felt very sorry ho wns gone. I nm becoming a species of Amphibious animal, and getting quito interested in yachts and yachting. AVo had soven or eight hero a little while ago, but they nro nil gone oxcept tho Sap- phire. You ought to know her, at least by sight. She belongs to Captain Blaydes, an old friend of my brother. Naples is very dull, und I sometimes gel weary of my own thoughts. C'est » diro, thoughts will hnvo their own way, and fix themselves on subjects too detestable for their mistress. I understand tho Turks havo taken possession of a territory nonr Brousn, front which wo should have to hoist, them. I have also been informad that tho felt roofing is no go, it rots and falls in pieces very disastrous, is it not ? Alcido says it is all absurd, but I have mado up my mind to turn savage. lom weary of civilisation, witlt no ono to caro a fig about me. Addio. I nm getting dismal. Au revoir mais toujours since, .' TtiEitESA A. LOSOWOUTH. " P.S.-Hoy I trouble you to fo.-ward tho enclosed. What shall I do, C., when yon leave Malta ? "Tho Hon. Captain Yelverton, ltoyal Artillery, Valetta, Malta." (Letter addressed-Lar Bateau n Vapour.) ? " Altrincham, Cheshire, July 19. Caro Carlo mio,-I do not know if this form of address pleases you, you aro so fastidious in tho matter, but I do not like it. It is too familiar, more than I can fool to such a myth ns you aro to mo. You are a sort of net phantom of mino, and it is puro faith alono which makes mo believe in your existence as I do in that of tho Em- pörer of China: I do not see why I am to form tho ex- ception from tho rest of tho world, who call you Mr or Captain Yelverton. Why don't you like it from ,mo? Wdl you explain that ? I suppose it is ono of your incon- sistencies. I scnrcoly hopo that this.ever will reach you, its it is rather a wild goose j but I oxpect St Anthony is interested in our correspondence, and makes it his own special business to toko charge of our epistles. I was summonod homo from Arenice to tnko my post in pnpa's sick chamber, nnd for^ long. Death wns also on his wny, andsoon closed tho chapter of our strange t rngedy. It was on awful afTair, und Bpofco a a deep lesson never to bo forgot. Ho died as ho lived, un atheist, unrelenting ¡ with but ono passion prevailing, ns you said, to tho hist with diabolical earnestness. There was n great cuthering of tho wandering clan from all parts o? tiio world, but there was no word of kindness or feeling for any one. . All my lifo bas boon modo up of violent contrasts ; until mama's donth -it was puro and unnlloycd sunshine-everything l.thnt. love and wealth could procure was lavished on me; thou cams tho night of utter misory that no pen can describe. Human nature nt length could boar no more, and wo sought rofugo whore you saw us, alike concealed from friends and foes ; thon two years in Italy, whore all wns snnshino again. Now thoshatlow of solemn events still lingers round mo, and I fool ns dismal ns evorything about me. Tho married people have all paired off, and left Jnck nnd myself to what is called teilta affaira. - So hero wo aro liko two lonely, sparrows in this sad mclnncholy placo, whero tho pen plo tire nil barbarians, speak an unknown tongue, and call us foryn oers. ' Then there aro lawj'ers, exooutors, proctors, 'actuaries^ 'and ineomprohonsiblo mon of ull kinds, ¡ind I have a now lunguago to lonrn, which I never 'dreamt of in my philosophy; which always begins 'whoro-. ns,' and onds ' heretofore,'or aforesaid,' opel tho princi Ral Words aro leasehold, , mortgage, freehold, testator's mds, Chancery estates diablee, and swearing to. be dono overywhure. 'Lawyers with long heads covered, with real wool, aro always proceeding, nnd nbror como to .un end. I nm nearly distracted, nnd far moro miserable than when I had not u penny of my own. I wonder what is thu actual uso of money if one is, to bo, harassed, in this way. ' . I would rather havo a few thousands in pos- itive money, which I could go and spend, than all tho deeds of leasehold and freehold in the world. . You'll say that's like a woman 1 but I just wish you hud assis- ted nt tho tortitro of reading through piles of dusty pnper, from tho time of Noah, with which tho houco wiis cram-! medí arid ? Monsiour , tho. red wig's 'solemn . caution not to destroy any paper, not. oven a deed of gift of land in tho time ol' Charla) I. Then tho house is souuolinu, ?ind tho l'urnituro looks mynte,rions, and aa if it knew moro Ulan it liked to say j ib is infested wrth rata and mico, ai.tl tile ghost of niuo cots, which sirring out firom behind niiy,objpe.t,;oiv> jiiny haye token afa.rie.y_to inip'ucti. In tho'gurdoh. the: treed ul! iiod and point in A cyrtntu-'" direction, aa¡if there wis a treasure buried thoro) ivy runs along thu walks, and grus* in tho chinks of tho wallst, ail tho window* shiike, auld no door cun bo mode feat.' Oh, I am,very dreary ¡ und the reason I tell you all this is because you are naturally uncomnituiicutivo, and l irai . the reverse, so it is a relief to me and quite safe with you. 1 want to hear fruin you, and then perhaps I will tell you u secret. Adtíio, Curo mia. I wish you ull happi- ness you would wi di for yourself, but, as I don't know in what it consists, I form no definite desires for you ou tho point. . " Ever sincerely yours, *" THERESA." "My Dear Captain Yelverton,-I start afresh, for th« above was writt en about a month ago, befara I received your vory scrimpy note, which, hoivovor, lins gamed much in importance by having .travelled half round orea tiou. It was very wicked of you not to tell rae wheu you wont to Englnnd, for I oxpeeted to BCO you by ovsry Malta packet for au agc-always disapppintod, nnd hope doferred, &c;, though I might have known from previo'u) experience that you were generally at tho antipodes of tho place where you said you would bo, so pray don't ? give it as your intention to como by If apios on your re- turn, or by some circuitous route you will contrive to reaoh Malta from tho other side. I did not go to Malta,. os was my intention, having received a letter from Alcida,. lulling me of Iiis speody return to England, taking Naples und myself cn route, in consequence of tho death of an old mau, a relation, by which he expected tocóme into about a thousand a yenr, but, unfortunately, old Nick (not his Satanic Majesty, but he of ItiiBsia) u'nd papa played into . eneh other's bunds. Alcido was prevented leaving his post by tho suspicious proceedings of tho former, unu de- prived of his just right by tho machinations of tho latter.-, Pap» put in a claim, threatened to throw the whola into . Chancery, until Aloidë ooinproniiscd by giving,lum a - third. Is it not u uiyslerious thing, that uiiboundod passion for wealth? but nil his îùohes will not keop bira, ? : alive. My aiatur writos mo ho is dangerously ill, and has I bogged one of us to go to him, and tim reason he assigns is, that the servants rob him-so she has gone. It is very frightful, a man who believes in neither God nor djvil-maid retournons ù nos moutons. I don't know' why I (low oif in such a tangont, so I passed tho whole Bummer here in u state of petrifaction, if tho heat had al- lowed of that j however, in a state of tranco. All the yachts went oir, and aro just returned; every" ono left ' Naples, und I did not like any one suflicicntly to wish to bo domiciled with them, so I remained in tho most utter state of solitude conceivable, it muy liavo beon for weeks, months, or years, for nil I know about time ; moreover, every ono else, like you, took a fit of silence. Modn.no Lefebvre, wa» ill. Sara was loo busy arranging mattora for her approaching marriage. Aloide hod, sans doute, a fit of tho rumiiintious which ho is subject to ovory now and then. My unfortunate brothor who went out to Australia has not been heard of for two raontlis. I felt nil alone in tho world-dead alive-a tiret object to.no ono ; so, having plenty of time for rofloction, I carno to a wonderfully grand plan of notion for tho future, which is to bo carried out, tout a l'heure, after Sara is married. Would you beliovo it, she has, lâchement, abandoned tho Turkish expedition, and, now sho has found hor man, gono to -settle down in \Vule3 ! I nm sorry Alcido is no longer nt Mona.itir, or you might havo paid him a visit for Ilia shooting whoa you go into Albania; perhaps I might hnvo. boon so kind ns to offer myself as your UB corte ! boon very polite, watched tho sun riso for you, and given you a port of my pladio if you had beon very good, us I was. How could Mr Roo say I was a prude ? Au contraire, I am not sufficiently so, as time« go, but trop au naturel and pooplo understand me. . You don't tliiuk mo a prudo, do you ?" flo le continuad in our next.) 