PLEURO-PNETJMOJSriA. [COaniFN-ICATED.j We feel that no apology on our part is neces sary for keeping before the public the subject of that fatal disease pleuro-pneumonia. It is a subject of such vital importance to our stock holders, that any information which can be fur' nished will be read with attention ; or failing any new information on the subject, if we merely raise the voice of warning so as to prevent those interested from sinking into apathetic indiffer ence, some good end will be answered. Recent intelligence from New South Wales, as published lately in this paper, states that an Act had been passed by the Legislature prohi biting the importation of cattle from Victoria during a period of three months. Now, if such an enactment were necessary in the case of New South Wales, it is equally necessary for the pro tection of South Australia. It is by no means improbable that this disease, which is 3aid to be highly infectious, will find its way across our south-eastern border. Prompt action must be taken ; we have no desire to act the part unne cessarily of alarmists ; but it will be too late to shut the stable door when the horse is stolen. Preparations must be made beforehand to meet the evil ; prevention is better, and easier, aud often cheaper than cure, and we think especially so in this case. A recent number of ' Goldsborough's Weekly Circular' (Melbourne) contains a serio-comic letter from the ghost of 'Master Butterfly,' who fell a victim to the disease. The letter con tains a suggestion, that of levying a small assess ment on the cattle of the colony, in order to provide a fond to afford compensation to those whose cattle have to be destroyed to prevent the spread of the disease. Master Butterfly says: — 'A man incurs a . penalty who conceals disease, but a poor man , will risk a good deal rather than condemn a favorite beast to death.' It may not be tie disease ; the animal may recover. We all know what it is to hope against conviction, and a poor man who looks for subsistence to his dairy or his team, will not be very ready to hand over his stock to the destroyer. Then raise funds instantly by an assessment upon all the cattle of the colony sufficiently ample to deal with this new- enemy upon the gigantic scale that it deserves. Better tens of thouands, hundreds of thousands now, than millions a year hence. Let pleuro-pneumonia break out in two or three of the large herds, and who shall stop it then ; a halfpenny rate, a psnny rate, might stop it now. Without funds, and in a sufficient volume, vou will never arrest pleuro-pneumonia.' The writer would have the fund thus raised employed to buy up all diseased or even suspected cattle at a fair market value, so as to prevent any inducement for concealment on the part of the owners. We may be thankful that the disease has not yet appeared here, but let us take every pre caution lest it should make its appearance. Eminent Manotactueebs in England and other parts of Europe have long been subjected to great injustice and heavy losses, from the facility which has always existed for the imitation of their trade marks and brands, in proof of which fact we usually find on the labels attached to articles (the produce of eminent makers) para graphs cautioning parties against imitations of their brands, and informing the public that cap sules, facsimiles of signatures, stamps, and other distinguishing contrivances, would be at tached to their productions, 'without which none are genuine,' and so on. Notwithstanding all those precautionary measures, however, and notwithstanding |the frequent intimation — ' to imitate which is felony,' — spurious goods under imitated brands have been manufactured in almost greater quantities than the genuine article. Of course it would not be a very safe practice for those pirate manufacturers to circu late their productions so extensively at home, because sooner or later they would in all likeli hood be detected, and punished for swindling. The greater portion of the articles made by these rogues in trade is, therefore, manufactured *' expressly for exportation,' and not a small quantity find their way into the Australian markets. The manufacture of spurious brands, how ever, is not confined to England alone ; a very large amount of this species of forgery goes on, we have reason to be lieve, within the Australian colonies them selves ; and, of course, the almost entire absence of the means of detection, and the improba bility of any steps being taken to prosecute, have hitherto rendered the forgery of trade marks a process of the greatest simplicity and safety in this hemisphere. In bottled beers, wines, and spirits, this game has been carried on for some time ; and large quantities of best ' colonial' have been bottled off and sold under the labels of well-known home producers. In the neighboring colony of Victoria some time ?ince, great complaints were made by consumers generally, of the vast quantity of bad beer in that market bearing the labels of Bass, Byass, and other well-known British, brewers ; beer which had evidently never been beyond the boundaries of the colony. In some instances, lots of this stuff, which had been purchased as genuine, were returned upon the hands of the broker or merchant, but in no instance could it be positively proved that the beer was not genuine ; proof was, in fact, a matter of diffi culty, because, of course, it was easily affirmed that the ' brew ' had not been so good as usual, and the beer had turned on the voyage, &c.; ; and dealers were generally found willing enough to have it re turned upon their hands, to be afterwards sold off at a slight reduction. We may remark that in the windows of small engravers and wood cutters in Melbourne, blocks and specimens of the various brands of home producers have been openly exhibited. Another suspicious cir cumstance,*too, in connection with the trade of those colonies, is the large demand for bottles — beer bottles- especially; indeed bottle collecting has become quite a paying business within the hist few years. These circumstances may appear trifling and insignificant in them selves, but they are to the close observer very ominous, and afford strong presumptive evidence that an extremely unfair trade has been and is being carried on in the colonies. We have mentioned above, the injustice and loss to which genuine manufacturers have been subjected in consequence of the advance ment in this respect of the ' Imitative Arts ;' ? and we may also say that they have not been indifferent to the subject. From time to time the matter has been brought under the notice of the Government and Parliament at home, but no decisive result has ever been arrived at, until lately. The Lord Chancellor's Bill in reference to trade marks, however, rings the death-knell of this species of fraud; at all events its opera tion will be such as to render it extremely diffi cult and dangerous to perpetrate label forgeries in future. The leading clauses of the Bill are such as should be made known at once, and we therefore extract the following: outline of this measure from the Melbourne Argus, and may state that every one of the acts mentioned are held to be misdemeanors if done with intent to defraud, and are punishable by imprisonment for not more than two years, witk or without hard labor, or by fine, or both. The provisions of the Act are severe, and properly so, too. The sale of any article bearing a forged label or imitation of any trade-mark is one of the principal crimes con sidered, and the only escape from punishment for it, is the proof of lawful authority to use such trade mark or label, and the onus of proof thereof lies with the party accused. It is not necessary either that the label should be an exact imitation ; the crime is to'be considered equally great, if it is such only as would be likely to deceive ; and it is not necessary' to prove an intent to defraud any particular person. The outline of the clauses given by the Argus is as under : — ' The following acts are held to be misde meanors if done with intent to defraud : ? 1. For any person to forge a trade mark, or so imitate it as to be likely to deceive ; or to apply a trade mark, genuine or not, to any chattel not being the manufacture denoted by such trade mark ; ., or, 2, to sell or expose for sale any chattel with eueh a forged trade mark or imitation, or with any trade mark which shall have been applied without lawful authority or excuse (the proof thereof shall lie on the party accused) j or, 3, to put upon any chattel, or upon any case, cover, wrapper, cask, bottle, reel, stopper, label, or other thing, in, on, or with which any chattel shall be intended to be sold or exposed for sale, or for any purpose of trade, any &lse; indication, statement, or description of the quantity, measure, substance, or material of such chattel or any part thereof, or of the manner or place in or at which, or of the person by whom such chattel was manufactured or produced, or was or is dealt in ; or, 4, to sell or expose or keep for sale, or foe any purpose of trade, any chattel with such false indication, &c;, as above de scribed ; or, 5, to forge or imitate (so as to be likely to deceive) any name or mark used to denote any picture, &c;, model, sculpture, or other work of art to be the production of any person alive or dead, or to apply any such name or mark to any picture, &c;, not the production of the person denoted thereby. It is not to be necessary to prove an attempt to defraud any particular person.' Such are the provisions of the Lord Chancellor's new Bill, and we hope that its working will have the effect of checking the operations of those who are base enough to send forth spurious imitations under the labels of the honest trader. Such goods have been found to be in all parts of the world, not only a serious nuisance, but their presence in the market acts most injuriously upon genuine articles, and is a gross fraud upon the public, as well as a robbery of the honest dealer. The Mikistet. — Surmise has been particu larly active as to the progress made by Mr. Beynolds in the task which he had undertaken — to reconstruct the Cabinet ; and many rumors were abroad as to the personnel of our future Government. The general belief was, that no change would take place except in regard to the Attorney-General, and, as stated by us yester day, Mr. [Reynolds was particularly anxious to retain his late colleagues in office. We learn, however, that all hope of his being able to do this is crushed, inasmuch as the Commissioners of Crown Lands and Public Works intimated yesterday that they could not consent to act on the Ministry if any change was made as regarded the Attorney -General. The ground upon which the two Commissioners refuse to take office is, ;hat they considered the Attorney-General as less to blame than themselves in reference to the unfortunate misunderstanding through which the present crisis was brought about, and they therefore hold that they eould not with honor to themselves retain office if Mr. Strangways was thrown out. This determination on the part of the Commissioners of course renders it impera tive upon Mr. Reynolds either to form a Ministry without those gentlemen, or to resign the trust into His Excellency's hands again. We under stand that it is his intention to adopt the former course, and we have little doubt but that he will be successful. We trust, under any circum stances, that no further delay will be necessary, but that arrangements may be completed, and the public business again proceeded with on Tuesday next. The Legislative Council. — On Tuesday a point, which may prove to be of some import ance, was mooted and practically decided m the Legislative Council. The Hon. Mr. Morphett having intimated that Ministers had resigned, and only held office till their successors were appointed, the Hon. Mr. Forster recommended that the business on the paper be postponed, and that the House adjourn, alleging the incon venience of Parliament sitting whilst there was no recognised Ministry. Some little discussion followed, and it was at length decided to proceed with the business of the day, notwithstanding the Ministerial crisis. That business consisted of a motion by Mr. Barrow for the appointment of a Select Committee upon the Electoral Laws of the Province ; a return moved for by the same hon. member ; and the second reading of a Government Bill — the Bill to regulate the Exe cution of Criminals. The motions were carried, and the Bill, after debate, was read a second time, and its clauses subsequently passed through Committee. The Council have thus shown, practically, that the Legislature is not depen dent upon the Executive ; but that it is compe tent to Parliament to continue its sittings, and to conduct business, even though there be no recognised* Ministry, or no Ministry more than one of a temporary and provisional character. We give this prominence to the circumstance, because we think it worthy of a passing note. The Fbuits of Nomikeeism. — Our tele graphic intelligence of to-day exhibits the total incompatibility of a nominee Legislature with free and liberal institutions. A complete revo lution has taken, place in New South Wales. The nominee Upper House, being determined not to pass the Land Bill adopted by the people's representatives in the Lower House, His Excel lency, in order to avert serious consequences, has taken that course which King William the Fourth threatened to take when the Lords per sistently threw out the Reform Bill, — he has created a new batch of colonial peers. Twenty one new nominee members have been appointed by the Governor-General in order to force the Bill through the Upper House, and the result is that the President and the whole of the Oppo sition have resigned their seats. No doubt the country will be able to do without them, but, at the same time, such Legislative panics are greatly to be deplored, and we may congratulate ourselves that under the wiser and more harmo nious provisions of the South Australian Con stitution, dead-locks of this kind are never likely to happen. The Census Betubns. — We are informed by Mr. Boothby, the Census Superintendent, that the results of the recent census show a population of 127,000 souls, consisting of 65,000 males and 62,000 females; being an increase of about 9,000 on the previous census. The recent re turns have been collected and compiled with very great care, so that the numbers may be re lied on. The London Coen Maeket. — The agricul tural journals at the date of the dispatch of the last English mail, state that the rough weather then prevailing was much against all field opera tions, and also against the growth of the young corn. Everything wore a very backward ap pearance, and many forebodings as to the next harvest were entertained. The entire growth of the last harvest was little more than two thirds of an average crop, and of this only one third was of moderate quality. The Mark Lane Express, referring to the stocks on hand, remarks that by June next there would be but little English wheat on hand. France being, to a great extent, similarly situated both as regards the last harvest and the present springtime, considerable uncertainty characterized the markets. The London averages for wheat were from 53s. to 55s. per quarter of eight bushels ; the imperial averages (all England^, for the six weeks ending March 16 were 53s. 8d. per quarter ; ditto barley, 38s. 7d. ; ditto oats, 23s. 9d. ; ditto rye, 34s. lOd. ; ditto beans, 40s. Id. ; ditto peas, 42s. 5d. Meeting of Roman Catholics. — We believe that a meeting of the Roman Catholics is to take p'ace shortly, for the purpose of ' petitioning the Legislature for the total abolition of the Education Grant from the Public Treasury, as the only means of securing civil and religious equality betweeen the Roman Catholics and the other religious denominations in the colony. Spubious Coin. — We wish to caution the public from receiving spurious coin, as on last Saturday evening several illegal 5s. pieces were circulated through the city. The Fiest Adelaide Rifle Cobps. — A meeting of the members of the First Adelaide Rifle Corps was held at the Hamburg Hotel, on Wednesday evening, for the purpose of regulating the attendance of members at parade, fines, &c.;, and for considering the challenge of the Gawler Rifles. It was arranged that the match should take place on the Queen's Birthday at the Rifle Butt on the South Park Lands, and the Gawler Hifle Corps having the privilege, in the event of a return match, to namet he time and place that it should be held. Mb. W. Blacklee. — This gentleman has re cently had the little linger of the right hand amputated. It appears that some time since, in expelling a quarrel some cusiomer from the hotel, of which house the above gentleman is landlord, he was bitten by the man on the knuckle. Although months have transpired sinee, it has lately become very painful, and assumed an appearance of such dangerous symptoms that his medical attendant (Dr. Bayer) submitted his patient to the in fluence of chloroform, and amputated the finger on Sun day last, since which period Mr. Stockier has suffered greatly. _ Cheistiakitt nf Ikdia.— From the Friend qf India we learn that at the end of the first 60 years after the Ascension the number of living Christians was one million. Contrast with this tact the success of missions during the past 60 years of this century. The Bible has been translated into upwards of 100 languages. There were 108,000 professing Christians in New Zealand, 400,000 in Burmah end Pegu, 112,000 Protestant Christians in India, 5,000 or 6,000 in Mesopotamia, 250,000 in the Islands of the Pacific. There were Christians in China, Madagascar, Mau ritius, and many other parts of the world, There were 200,000 or 300,000 negroes under the care of Christian pastors in the West Indies. There are more than a million and a quarter of living Christians who, but for the labors of the missionaries, would all have remained idolaters. 