' " ' "SYDNEY NEWS. ... ¡ " SUPREME COURT.-TUESDAY. | ;; ¡ !,..'v,! - -n- .. .' ! , (From 'Wednetdatfi Merald.) j (BcforoMr. Justice Wise and a jury of four.) DICKBOK \\. NOTT. This was an action on a promissory note for £191 12s.; with interest. The parties had agreed that the interest should be £8. , | ' It appeared that the defendant, had obtained his certi- ficate as an insolvent, biit afterwards determined to pay off his old debts. He owed the plaintitt"£/'~12, ahd the plaintiff deducting £21 for hay and corn received from the defendant, took the note in question (it was alleged) as payment of the debt, promising to deduct 25 per cent.' on payment of the note. 'I he defence was, that when the plaintiff persuaded the defendant to give the note, he promised that when it became dne he (the defendant) should hear noth'nir about it, that the"plaintiff would take it up; in short, that it was an accommodation bill, given not for the old debt, but for the aocommo lation, of the'plaintiff. The plaintiff positively denied that any suon .conversation took place. ' ' ' " The question whether tbe note was given for the plain- tiff's accommodation, or for the payment of defendant's old debt, was left to the jury, 'who found a yerdiot for the* defendant. - ii«-. ' t ' . » Mr. Fauoett appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Isaacs for the defendant. "RAILWAYS, OB HOBBS TRAMWAYS -A publio meeting waa held in Sydney,_on_Mbnday evening, " to consider the propriety, of presenting petitions to the Houses of Parliament, praying that steps maybe instantly taken to improve the communication« witn tlVo interior of the colony by means of 'railways for horse traction ; and to represent to Parliament the hindrance, los», and discou- ragement which will be entailed Upon all branches of in- dustry by the prêtant and probable future condition. of the publio roads," The meeting took place in the Tem- perance Hall, Pitt-street, the Major in the chair. The hall waa filled at all points,'there being'not Jess than 1500 persons present. On the platform, and iii the body of tbe meeting, we (¿"moir«) observed the following gen- tlemen ¡.-»-Mr. Suttor, MP. ; Mr..Uiok, M.P.'; Mr. Mes i ton, M.P. ;- Mr. 0 Wilson, M.P. ; Dr. Douglass, M.L 0. ; Mr. Darvall, Q.O ; Dr. Aaron, Dr. Niell, Dr. J. Ï.Rutter,Mr.Edward Hill, Mr. Tfioroas Holt, Mr. Waller, Mr. Saul Samuel, Rev., John West, Mr. Alexander Campbell, Alderman Caraher, Alderman Raphael, Alderman Speer, Alderman Sutton, and Alderman Spence. tTho Mayor having ad- dressed tbe meeting in support -of the object, Mr. Suttor, M.L.A., moved, the first resolution, as follows :-" That the present state of the main roads of this colony discourage* industry, paralyse» trade, pro- hibits agriculture, is ruinous to individuals, and is a reproaoh to a civilised community." He urged the adoption of the resolution mainly on the grounds that it liai now boon proved that railway» were so cosily that the oolony would have to wait for years before they reached the interior, »and enabled its produce to be sent to market; that the ordinary roads, in spite of the great, expenditure on them, was also constantly getting into a wretched condition ; and that horse tramways appeared to be the only practicable medium course. But he urged that an actual trial of twenty mues ot tramway should be made first, and if successful, that the plan should be adopted throughout the colony. Mr. Saul Samuel seconded the resolution and Mr. Holt supported it, the former casting muoh blame on the Government for not trying the experiment, and the latter dwelling muoh cn Sir William Denison'* approval of the tramway plan. Both, however, concurred in urging a trial piece of tram- way as the finit step. The resolution was carried. Mr. A. Campbell moved the second resolution:-"That the cost of railways in New South Wales has exoeeded the lad vant ages tbey have conferred, that it ¡B impossible to extend tbetn to meet tbe_ requirements of the colony without an imprudent addition to the publio debt, and that however desirable in themselves they are in advance of the urgent wanta of the population." Mr. Campbell followed up the remarks of the previous speakers, but dwelt mo» strongly on his oonviotion that the oolony waa now plunging ever) year'more deeply into debt, by spending beyond ita income. Mr. Darvall seconded the motion, and urged that the present ; movement showed that " experience had convinoed tbe colonista that railways, from whioh they had all expected so muclv-were too costly for them, anil that they must be content with a less expensive and less speedy mode of communication. Mr. Raphael supported the motion, and thought the Government ought at once to take the sense of. Parliament on the m itter, by sub- mitting a "proposition for a trial experiment. Mr. B. James co nmented rather severely on Mr. Darvall'si hange of sentiments. Mr. Holt defended Mr. Darvall from these charges. Mr. J. Fife opposed the motion, on the ground that expérience proved that horse tramway B were failures in actual working, compared to steam railways, ainoe the power of the horse rapidly diminished in as- cending an incline. Ho might draw 14 tons on a level railway, at the rate of two and a half miles, but up an asoent of 1 in 100 his power diminished to *J tons, and np an asoent of I in 40, to 3* tons. Horse traction would be more than three times tho cost of Steam traction. Mr. Hitohcook supported the resolution, contending that I be cheapness, ot construction pei mile was the point of real importance. Mr. Seife followed up Mr. Fife's remarks in opposition to horse tramwajs, and on the same grounds, and ,was interrupted frequently, as Mr. Fife had been. Mr1. Seife moved the following amendment : " That this meeting- make a requisition to the Govern- ment to appoint a committee to take evidence, and make a report, to be heard before the Parliament, after the preliminary business is diapoied of, as to the best method of making highways to the interior as opposed to tram- ways" Mr. Simmons i seconded the amendment, amidst great confusion. Mr, J. I*. Nichols contended that horse tramways would prove toe most expensive, ana mat tue excessive cost ol construction ot the colonial railways was not necessary, but waa caused by mismanagement. The amendment was negativen on being put to the meet- ing, by ten to one, and tbe resolution was carried by a similar majority. Mr. Dickson, M. I >.A, moved the third resolution :-" That ¡t having been demonstrated, both in England and in the oolony, that tramroads or railroads for horse traction can "be bheaply and speedily laid down ; that they are inexpensive lu working and combino suffi- cient oertaiuty, speed, and economy for theconveyanco of goods andpssonger«, this nieotingisof opinion that it is the duty or Government, lo .abandon a« early as possible the present inefficient system of patching the main roads, and to offer auohiiberal terms t^o capitalists as shall en- courage the immediate formation of tramroads by private enterprise." Mr. Dickson had been long convinced that railroads were a trilatokehere, from their great cost ; and that horse tramroads, tflrbê travelled on at the rate of four 'mile* an'hour, with regularity and punctuality, would meet all the wants of the colony rWyears. Addi- tional horses might be used at any steep ascent. On a tramway« horse could draw as much a« Ave on 4 common road» Mr, J. Dyer seconded the resolution, describing the various plans for tramways now before the public Mr. Meston, M.L.A., had. some doubt as to the practica- bility of horse tramway« in the oolony, although he bad been formerly,!", their favor.i He begged, leave to sug gear, tne toiiowing aauiuon ue uiaue io mo roauiuuou,-lu lieu of the two liât , linesj-r-," Requiring the immediate: adop'tion of such modes of transit as a committee of in- telligent,and practical men, selected by the meeting,) after due' consideration,. ?n,'>y,ldotertnlne." Mr. E. Bell; seconded the amendment, but proposed that the meeting! should adjourn for á'week,.te give time to other gentle-; men to bo heard,on the subject., The motion for. ad-! | journment w'as'ptit, and carried by a large majority, apd: 1 the meeting separated. " :'!-* "' :"' ""''"' " | ILIIAWASRA STKAM -NAVIOATIOH COMPANT. - The', adjourned half-yearly ¿meeting 'of the Illawarra Steam j Navigation Company was held yesterday, at the Fbamix, Wharf, Mr. D.,L. >Va,ugV»n tho.ehsirv . "The directors' report mid tlio balanoe, sheet were adopted, and a! 'dlvidomUt the rata of five per oeüt.. for the half-year was aureed io.-r-Iitrald, May 8,, -..... ->. A NKW OULONÚII MANUFACTURE.-Mr. Lavers, tho' oordiul manufacturer, of George- street,'has introduced aj vory superior artiole .of general .oonstunption- liquid; blocking, and from its diunoruibids fair to dissipate tho Import of the celebrated, ", Day and Martin." Tho got-1 ting up is ontiroly. úlion thó^udou principie, oxeppijiiig^ \- the show-card»; trillen haVe averj artistio representation . of theomti «nd kangaroo,' Tbé JMrioipaTdèfnafld.at pre setit'is (XmflrJod loathe' boot and shoe trade,.who prefer it > to the imported article,-S.'M.'Ui'rulii, : AM,.' , ; ? ?' AKOTtiaiOiií'ot FÍ.ÓÓV DROWNINO.-H wa» roporto'd l«"tow»On Saturday that'a fatal abolderit had obourrod ¡I i...:..._ »t.. I1>IAI1.,.J »riT.~illn...i...i:;.-« An 8,m,lü...l. II _ _, _ ... ._ si}'.flows ..... the Hawkèeburyj Iras' carried away by the.water while; cruising that creek._ UpiU> Friday morrtliig'ho^ body j had nut boen "" search. Mr. from, the. scene i hat oreok._ Up lo Friday morning hol- body boen recovered by. tTp, numerous parties in \ Mr. T. Stewart; dt Castle'Hill, who rode down ! scene o£ the aooident only' on'Friday,'verifies j L-Í/»roW'í.i'iarrb»ía«o'corr«s'i>onoJ¿rif, '.v1' tBoropQxU~MeralaVi-ParratHüUa''correépf>ndéHt} '."1'-t j ,; FISH ATIBBISSANB.-A fislroompany, formed to supply Brisbane with fresh IIBII, has; altera good deal ol' delay, commenced .operations.- ? The ilsliery is'established at TJMdgetotf'whence the prodiios Is intended to ho for- warded, toi Brisbane^ early every morning.'j The Ural supply, was brought to town on friday last.'-//«rtt/ifi Brisbane Corrttpondenti,l: ' '':" '' "'" '"" »j «oerftJSTjf-AT rgssV^i AT ROBBHRY-A moat daring MtenVpt atJobJijryjwith.Yiolenoe waB perpetrated in tbe verrffeart of our township early last evening. As, Mr. Budden' of th'e Rockley stored waa putting' up the shutter» of the establishmenjLAbjnit half-past 7 p m., three men oume up to him and wished him good evening. Mr. B. had no sooher turned round than one ot the men BOizOd hold of him, and whilst they,were struggling together another of-'tho ruffians dealt him a violent blow on the bead, probably thinking to stun bira, but fortunately failing» in this diaign. The wound bled freely, lam happy to say, however, it is not dangerous. At this junoture Mr. B., whj had of course shouted most lustily ?for help, succeeded in breaking1 away from his assailant« and jumping over the fence into the garden, not, bow ever, before a pistol had been fired after him,, which 'luckily took no efieotv The alarm being now effeotnally given,'the three ruffians, seeing that they'werp frus- trated ' in, their - attempt, decamped, ¡unfortunately 'before the assistance, -whioh Was near'at hand, could ar- rive; and gat olear away. Information of the attaok4 was forwarded to the nearest poHoe station (at Pye'«, Camp bell's River), and Mr. Commissioner Kqightiey-catisod an express1 to be sent off to Bathurst at onoe for additional police assistance, promising at the same time to go in soaroh of the offenders as soon aa daylight appoared. The late outrages at Caloola and Colo, followed again by this'mnrderous attempt,prove that the neighbourhood is infested by some desperate characters, and nothiuglbut the »peedy copi ti. e of them will allay the feeling bttlis trttat and_insecurity which now prevails everywhere in the distriot The police proteottnn at present afforded ti», is scarcely better than nominal, anti will certainly not assuage these feelings "--Correspondent of Bathurst Free Preti, ¿tay 4. DEATH FBOM ACCIDENT.-A voung woman named Mary Montgomery, who, as stated in our issue of yester- day, sustained severe injuries by ber clothes accidentally taking fire on last Saturday morning, has died from the efiteots; and an inquest on her body was held in {.he Ooronei** office, yesterday. It appeared from the evi- dence adduced at the inquest that the deceased, who was about fifteenyéaracf age, was living with a Mra. Murphy, in Sus-ex-street, and assisted in the domeatio work in consideration of her-food and lodging. On last Saturday morning she made a fire in the grate, and shortly after- wards Bat down before it to wash and;dresd Mrs. Murphy's child. While so employed, the skift of her dress came in contact with the lire, and immediately ignited., She jumped np, threw the child aside clear of the flame, and then ran out into the yard screaming. She was obaervejed by a woman living next door, ana »be 'ran and threw water over the flameB By this means, and1 the assistance of » man who on hearing the soreams jumped over the palings of the yard to assist, the flames were got undpr, but not before all the olothes on the unfortunate girl, except thatfastered tightly round her chest, wefe burnt oB.-'Herald, May 7. r VILLAGE or PEEL.-SUICIDE.-On the evening of Wednesday, the 1st instant, au inquest was held by Dr. Busby, the coroner of the district, at the Winburndale Creek, about a mile from the village, on the body of a man named Francis Thorn, who died from the effects of a gun-shot wound inflicted by himself at his residence, on the night of the 30th ultimo. The deceased arrived in the colony about the year 1820, and prior to his death had lived for several years as tenant on the property of Mr. Terry Hughes, situate on the creek. He was about 56 years of age, and married, and had for a considerable time past suffered from a paralytic stroke, for which he has often used some very simple remedies which he con- sidered efficaolons. Deceased's wife left him most mysteriously about three years ago, and since then he had appeared to be very unhappy in his mind, at times fancying that the ghost of his wife haunted him wher- ever he went. On Tuesday, although ill, he assisted to load some hay, which he had sold to Mr. Orton, of Peel, when he fell down in a fit in the yard; he then went inside to bed, no person staying in the house that night but the deceased, and the unhappy man during some time of the night took an old flint military musket which hung over the kitchen fire place, loaded it with duck shot, and shot himself in the left side under the heart. Correspondent of Bathurst Free Press > FATAL ACCIDENT. -A frightful accident, by which a man named James Bradley was killed in an instant, oc- curred on Flood's Wharf, Miller's Point, yesterday. Brad- ley and a man named Cooper were employed by Mr. Cuthbert to saw some timber, and yesterday morning they proceeded to raise three large logs one on the other, and then three others at a convenient distance in order to form a pit for their sawing operations. Having raised the logs, it was found that those on one side had a list, and the men set to work with crow- bars to get them into a perpendicular position. While so engaged, the logs suddenly fell over, knocked Bradley backwards, and crashed his head and shoulders on tbe end of tbe lowest of the other three logs, the end of whioh protruded, two or three feet from the others, -as did also the end of that whïcll'fell on him. He was taken up dead and removed to his late residence, May's-lane, Parramatta-itreet.-1 Eerald,May7. DEATH FROM STARVATION. -The body of a little girl, the daughter of a shepherd named Bergin, employed on an outstation of Mr. M'Arthur, of Glenelg, was lately found by some blacks in a gully, about four miles from the place from wbioh she strayed. There is little doubt that ehe died from fatigue and starvation.-Eerala1! Brisbane Correspondent. FATAL ACCIDENT AT MOOMTT*S MILL.-An inquest was held by Dr. Busby yesterday afternoon, at the Black Bull Inn, on view ot the body of a youngman named John Burn*, of disreputable fame, who was literally crushed to ' pieoes in the machinery of Mrs. Mockett'B Mill, in Howiok-Blreet, under the following oiroumstonces : On Tnursda), a little before midnight, he went into the mill yard in a state of intoxication, and after stumbling' over some firewood near the entrance to the engine room, and " «gainst the st» pt leading into ft, he went into the firepit, a large open space in front of the furnace and boiler where he wus fohnd asleep by Mr< John Roberts, tho miller, who 'went on duty at a quarter before one o'clock yesterday morning. The deceased was then lying in front of the farnsoe, and Mr. Roberta, finding him in his way when he wanted to attend to the Idrnaoo, dragged him into' a corner, and left bim still asleep. Iwo or three times »fterwards, Mr. Roberts, whilst going his rounds, noticed the deceased in the firepit, and about a quarter before four o'clook; saw him again. But a few minutes after this Roberts heard a orash, and went into the mill to lee what was the matter-, but finding nothing wrbng there, he went to examine tbe engine. Ou enter- ing the engine-honse he saw the hat of the deceased lying on the floor, but not seeing the man, he conjeotured that be had been caught by the maouinery, wa« urawa UKO the flywheel race, and must be lying down there He instantly stopped the engine, and ran out for assistance. Several of the people employed in the mill were qnlokly in attendance, and the body of the unfortunate deceased was then discovered fnghlfu lv mangled and broken, lying on the floor between the engine and flywheel' 'He 'waa «till breathing, but wat quite unconscious. Dr. Mao battle Was summoned, and, after trying Ineffectually to administers stimulant, ordered his removal to the ho* iii tal This was done as soon as possible, but the poor ellow Oxplred on the way te the institutton, having lived almost,' three-quarters of an hour after the accident oc- curred. His'right leg was broken and nearly torn off at the knee, thothigh-boTro protruding several indies, while the left] log below the knee was «mashed np and torn in a horriblomanuor. At tho back of his head tho goalp was nearly torn oil, and it I« supposed that the force whioh occasioned this injury produced an effusion of blood upon the brain. He was otherwise terribly bruised and injqred- Bathurst Times, May 4. | i TUB IIAWXHBBUBT FLOODS.-DISCOVERT OF GORDON'S BOPT.-TAS intimated in my last, the police actively con- tinued their aearoli for the body of the missing constable COo'rdonLÍill Saturday, morning,"when they were re- warded tor their labours by discovering the body, partly in the water, laying'on tho.ground, at tho Chain of Ponds. It was immediateiyremoved to the Benevolent Asylum, wbere'an inquestVwa« held in 'the evening by1 the coroner, when a verdict cf accidental death from drowning was returned. It appeared that, in consrquenoe] of, the waterrisingithe.oveqipg he wa» in Windsor,-ho t waa anxiqua tri return home to Penrith to provide for the1 «afety of his wife and family, consisting of faur «mall Qbildren,, How be got où tho horse there was no evidence to show. His remains wore yesterday interred in Wind- sor, followed to the"" lost resting-place by sow o of the Windsor police, and his brethren of the Penrith police foroe.-The Weather.-We have boen blessed, since the flood, with a continúanos ol the fine weather. The worm sunshine during each day has rendered the roads ,nnd street» dry and passable. Winter has now fairly set in, a heavy frost haying fell several nights.-«moir«'« Correspondent, , New öutiTU WALIS AUXIMART MISSIONABT SOOISTT. The annual mooting in connoution with the above asso- ciation, was held in the' Congregational' Church, Pitt street, on Monday evening/at 7 o'olook. The ohslr was ' occupied by the Rev.' W. Cuthbertson. 'The meeting1 opened/by the congregation singing the 27th byra J, trom the congregational hymn-book, atter which the Rev* Mr. Yetcbfengaged'ln prayer. The Chairman having addressed the meeting; called upon the Rev. S 0\. Kent to read the annual report, from whioh We glean that the the total income oí the aeoiety, according te ' it« annual report, was £93,006 l8«. 2d. It exceeded that of spy former year by £475 10s. 7d. The total -number of missionaries sustained by~tbe society bas been one hundred und fifty-tWo. » 01 tueso twenty-three aie conneotod with the several mission« oi tho South Paolfic, twenty labour in 'the West Indies, tbirly-nino' in South At'rioa, nineteen in China, and fifty-one in india. In addi- tion to the foregoing, thenumberofnutiVeagentaemployed by the sooiety,;including oatephists awl schoolmasters, exceod eight hundred. The Chairasen* then introduced the Rev. Mr, W. G. Lawes, who. moved the following lesolution-"That tbejeportnow read be adopted, and, together with the treasurer's account, printed and cir- culated. 'Phut. the. following gentlemen,' be the office bearers and oomtnittee for the ensuing yearr-rtroasurnr, Jpseph Thompson, Esq. ¡ jojnt secretorias, Rev. A.iBusa oottand ME«, ».»gar. k Conimittee-nAll Ministers ¿f contributing congregation«, and Messrs. J, fairfax, A.FOBS, R, Gïrrett,A. qarrsn.T.Holt,D. Jones, G. A. Lloyd; Or. Moon, j7H^I»ni, J. Mûrfi«. S. Thomson, Rev. J. West." The re'sol»ti?n,wa*, seconded by Rev,, J, L Green ¡ «lid'two other resolutions, one of sympathy with tho missionaries'abbrit to leave foi the South Sea Islande, aud the other >aoknowledglpg the mcessity for more vigorous missionary exertion on the part of the ohurohei; Äerejjaraed^onJ,bejnottonsjiLthoJrieva_li..ü Kent ??' dered it necessary that a chapel Should'be erected b,' that body in Kent- street5. The.building together wi7" 'the site on wh.elf it staridB, oost,'£2è".6 lVs. lid ïfc, sum was increased by. interest on money borrowed to? total of £3091 2s. Ijd.' Towards this the sum of £2Uî 2s. led was raised by voluntary contributions ofwhoh the £274 was raised in 1860, leaving a baUnceof fin« besides £82 2s. of interest and outstanding debts whieh' was immediately required. 'In 'pnrauance of arVanrT menta made to effect this, three *ennon*'were preached in the ohapel last Sabbath : in the morning, by the Rav R. Hartley; in the afternoon, by the Rev. J. 8uarne. and in the evening, by the Rev. iDr. Hobbs,' Bsotist minister of Newtown,'collections being made artet each service. A tea meeting'was held last evening when upwards of onehnndred and fifty person» sat down to nai take of the beverage that cheam, ' but not inebriates . after whioh a publio meeting waa held when-after th« uBual devotional exercises-the chair was taken Bv'Jolin Fairfax, Esq. Mr. Goold read the report,' 'Able and earnest addresses wore then delivered by Messrs R Langford, J. Voller(Baptist). J. Sharpe, of Melbourne. B* Hartley, and W. Monad. The proceeds "of the Sabbath eenioeB, with the profits of the tea meeting anil cblleo tion, inoluding a donation of'£lO from thp chairman amounted to £40, leaving £110 to be raised before the Rev. Mr. Sharpe will leave for Victoria. A vote of thanks was passed with acclamation to the ladies who provided the tea. Thanks were also given to the ilneers wbo enlivened the meeting with anthems at différent intervals during the evening. A vote of thanks was alio given warmly to the Chairman, who duly soknowledo-ed the compliment. The choir having sung the doxoloirv. and the benediotion pronounoed by the Bev. Mr. Hartley, the meeting separated.-Empit'e, May 8. ' CHRISTIAN Oin-MISSION.-! he first apniversary ,er. vices of the City Mission were held at the branch chanel Botany Road, Redfern,» on Sunday, when three Bornions' were preaohed in aid of the building fund of the chapel All the servioes were well attended. On Monday «ven- ing a tea meeting was held at the ohapel, "which wai well filled. After the toa Mr. Pidgeon gave out a in ran, and Mr. Leary engaged in prajer. Mr. Leary, theeotinir minister of the ohapel, was then moved to the ohair Be gave a brief statement of their proceedings since the opening of the chapel, and read over the names of tbe parties who had contributed to KB ereotion through tbe year. The cost of the building, with other expenses, waa about £160, all of which, with the exception of £28 had been paid ofF previous to the meeting. £|9 wari raised before the meeting olosed, whioh leaves a balance of debt on the chapel of £9. Earnest addresses were made in reference to Christian missions by Meiari Leary, Woster, Pidgeon, and S. Moseley, whioh «xciled considerable interest, and proved the lealotu efforts being made were productive of much trbod-S M Eerala, May 8. B ' . , "' FOBBION MISSIONS.-A publio tea meeting waa held last evening, at the Newtown Congregational Church for tbejiurpose of allowing the members of the congre.' gation and others an opportunity of taking leave of the missionaries wbo are about to proceed by the John Wil- liams to the Sooth Sea Islands. A very large attendance assembled, alike to do honour to the viands on the well filled and tastefully decorated tables, and to share is that mingling of welcome and farewell whioh the short stay of the missionaries has necessarily involved. Tea having been disposed of, the more serious and interesting busi- ness of the evenit g oommenctd ; a large and csrefully prepared plan of the South Sea Islands displayed practi- cally the almost boundless islands of the Paoifie. The intending miasionaries-i-Messra. Bnsacott, Qret^Lawes, and Morris-addressed the meeting. Simeoni», a* eon verted native of Baratonga, also gave his expressive narrative of his conversion, and his travels through-tbe variouB Australian colonies and England, lbs Fe». Messrs. Cuthbertson and Slatyer addressed the meeting, assuring the missionaries of the deep interest or tie Congregationalista of Nea South Wales in the work in whioh they were engaged. A collection was mads at the olose of the meeting.-& M. Herald, May 8. 