THE ROMAN CATACOMBS. , We present our readers with the lecture delivered by Father Curtis, this day week, it) the school-room attached to the Church of St. Charles Borromeo at Waverley. The rev. lecturer was introduced by the Chairman, the Rev. Father Sheridan. ; Rev. Chairman, Ladies and Gentlemen--— Allow me before entering on the proper business of the evening to thank you very gratefully for the very kind manner in which I have heard that some of you have spoken of me, and for the unmeasured terms in which you have set forth my ability as a lecturer. I am qaite as sorry for my own sake as for your's that I do not better deserve your praise. I shall not be able to plead timidity as an excuse for my short-comings ;. foi, I see before me so many familiar faces that I shall merely fancy myself in the drawing-room of one of you, engaged in a con versation which, through kindness, you allow me to have all to myself. I do not lay claim to any thing original in the present lecture except the style of the composition. The visits which T myself paid to the Catacombs were too few and too harried to enable me to know, much of them, if I had not prepared myself beforehand, and supplemented it afterwards by reading those authors who have written so largely and so well about them. ' I am sure (ladies and gentlemen) that the subject which I have chosen for .this evening's lecture 13 one that must be deeply interesting to you. For, in. speaking of the Catacombs of Rome we are speaking of the cradle of pur religion. We are speaking of the places wherein the immediate disciples of the great apostles Saints Peter and Paul offered up the same holy mysteries that are now our comfort in the midst of a world too full of bitterness ; we are speaking of gymnasia wherein, were trained brave Christian athletes, noble wrestlers against the spirits of darkness, champions of the doctrines taught by an incarnate and a crucified God ; we are speaking of places dark to the eye of the body, bqt brighter to the far-seeing mind than any star lit palace in which in days of innocent childhood we loved to wander in im agination ; we speak of places wherein thousands of saints walked about with each other, and talked innocently together, and encouraged each other with words that only Christian tongues know how to sneak; and joined in holy prayer and sweetest matin song; we speak of the glorious sepulchres of those thousand chosen ones who were the first owners of those names now familiar in our mouths, from their being applied to members of our own family. The mere mention of the word Catacombs brings to our mind the loved names of Agnes, Cecilia, Agatha, Sebastian, Pancras — glorious maidens and brave youths ; and also of a pious Bridget, the good old Philip, and the illustrious Saint Charles Borromeo, and others who, in later times, used to make it a practice of often going there to think about what had been said by their forefathers in the faith, so that they, in their humble way, might be led by their example, and through the same great Strengthened to de something for their Lord. And some, too, when this word sounds sweetly in their ears, are' carried back to one of the happiest times in. their life, when it was their privilege, their undeserved lot, to kneel dowD and bieathe forth a weary pilgrim's Prayer before the shriaes of the mighty dead. Beneath those plains which encircle thehases of the seven hills on which stood once the majestic though proud mistress of the Pagan world, and where now stands, and will for ever stand, the holy metropolis of Chriiteudom, there are numbers of what we might very aptly style suburban villages. We here use the epithet not in its ordinary acceptation, but in one of its etymological meanings, to signify villages under the city. They have their broad streets, or highways, their lanes and passages, their houses, chapels, and piazzas. In some places, there are even streets under streets, three stories in depth, if I may use the expression. Into these underground dwellings the sun never sends its light. To explore their beauties and their treasures, we must take with us torches and lamps. Before, however, we enter upon our exploration, it may be well to say a word or two about the origin of the name 'Catacombs.' It was noc originally the common name given to all those underground places which we now call Catacombs. That name was originally confined to one particular under ground place, which is situated on the Appian Way, and is now known by the name of thfc Cata combs of Saint Sebastian. This is the one best known to our modern tourists, because it is the best explored and the satest ; and it is very easy to get permission to enter it, at any hour of the day, by paying a small fee for the torches, &c;, to one of the lay brothers who generally acts as cicerone to those who are glad of being able to say when they go home that they have been in the Catacombs. To visit the other Catacombs, which are more beautiful than this, you must obtain a ticket. Ifc is quite certain that this place, and this alone, was called the ' Caemeterium ad Catacumbas.' There are two opinions with regard to the derivation of the term. Some derive it from the two Greek words, kata tumbe ; others, from kata kumbe. In old woikB, it is found written ndifferently 'ad Catacumbas' and 'ad Catatumbas.' There is little doubt that the former is the correct derivation of the word, as will be seen from the following narrative : — The holy Apostles Peter and Paul, patron Saints of the Immortal City, were buried' after their martyrdom near the .??pots which they had hallowed by. their blood— that is to say, St. Peter near the Vatican, and St. Paul on the Ustian Way. It Beerns, howeter, that the Christians who lived iii the birth-places of the holy Apostles thought that they had a right to the honor of providing places of sepulture tor them in their own countries. They, therefore, sent over some of their fellow-citizens to claim them. They appear to have so far succeeded in the object of their mission as to secure, in some way, at least a portion of the sacred and envied treasures. They were carrying them away with them, and had got as far as the spot where the Church of Saint Sebastian now stands, when they were stopped by some Roman Christians, who took lucu ucuduic iroui umui auu uuncu lug sauicu relics in a grave on the spot. ? The relics were left there for about nineteen months, and were after waids restored to their former resting places. This spot, where the relics had rested for a time, was called the graves, or the ' tumbce.' The crypts, or. underground places, which were afterwards exca vated near the spot, went by the name t)f ''The Ceemeterium Sancti Callisti ad Catacumbas,'' or 'ad Catatumbas'— that is, 'The Cemetry of Saint Callistus near the tombs.' The term Cata combs became later the generic name by which these underground places were called. The name originally given to the. Catacombs, and most com mon in martyrologies, is that of the 'Cemeteries.' The word' koimeterion' comes from ' koimao' (to sleep), and corresponds with the Latin' word dormi tor turn and our English word dormitory, orsleep ing.room. And what a beautiful application was not this, which was first made by the Christians, who believed that death was not a final state, but only one of transition ; and that the grave was but a bed, in which we are to rest until that great morn when the Sun of Justice shall again arise in all His glory and summon to judgment all those who. had been sleeping. With regard to the origin of the. Catacombs themselves, there are two opinions amongst antiquarians. Some think that they were originally nothing more than quarries for the supply of one of the ingredients used in making the still famed Roman cement. This stuff is called piizzo lana. It is of volcanic origin. There are many places still about Rome from which they cut out and pulverize this volcanic sand. I was sorry to hear our much- respected citizen, Sir Charles Nicholson, giving the weight of his authority to this untenable opinion, in the able lecture he lately gave at Saint Benedict's. It is an opinion held now by very few save those who would not, if they could help it, allonr to Christianity, the' glory of having done anything great or good. There does not seem to be the slightest historical foundation for it. Almost every Catholic, and every Roman antiqua rian, after mature deliberation, has come to the con clusion that the Catacombs were the sole work of the Christians, and that their principal objec* in making the excavations was to provide burial-places for themselves, wherein their. bodies might rest secure from the ruthle3s hands of the barbarians and Pagans. I have made an enlarged copy' from the frontispiece of Northcote's splendid little Manual on the Catacombs.; and I think you will all be convinced, from comparing the wide, irregular, and curved passages iu the sand quarries with the more narrow, regular, and straight roads of a Catacomb, that it would be an utter im possibility 'to convert the sand-pit into a Cata comb. A Catacomb might; indeed, be changed into a . sand-pit, but certainly not a sand-pit into a Catacomb. Different opinions have also been held with regard to the extent of. the Catacombs. Some rather too sanguine antiquarians knowing that these subterranean places had been found in many different parts of the city, jumped at once to the conclusion that the underground city was co exten sive in dimensions with the city above, and that all its various streets were in like manner communi cating with one another. Others were not satisfied with thi3, but found reasons which they thought strong enough to prove that the underground city, the city of the sleepers, was far larger than that of those who were still awake, and of which they thought themselves very wide- awake citizens. It is rather a pity that there should be such exaggeration in a matter when there is no necessity for it. It is quite certain that the Christians would not give them selves the useless trouble of hewing out such places, when they had so many other important things to engage their time. The reality is certainly wonder ful enough without indulging in the ideal. The names of no .fewer than sixty different Catacofnbs' are mentioned in Martyrologies, Breviaries, Acta Sanctorum, and works of a like character. Of these, there are not more than twenty open at the present day. Only a few of that number have been explored to any extent. The most interesting, by far, of these is the Cemetery, or Catacombs of St. Agnes. You are all, I dare say, very familiar with their name since the time of the dreadful accident in the Church near it, when our Archbishop so sig nalized himself by his courage and coolness in the midst of very imminent danger. It is very likely that this Catacomb is about the average size of all. The whole of this cemetery has not been measured. The part of it surveyed measures about seven hun dred feet by five hundred and fifty. The united length of all the passages in the part measured is about two miles. This part is about the one-eighth of the ent're cemetery. The whole gross length of passages in the Catacomb of St. Agnes, if all put out in one line, would therefore, he about sixteen miles. Now, as there were at least sixty Cata combs, there would be nine hundred and sixty miles in length of passage if all were continued in one direction. Let us t-ke nine hundred miles as the total length of all the strests and passages in the sixty catacoinl)3. The whole of the side walls which make these passages is filled with graves. Now, allowing seven feet in length for each grave, and allowing that these are, on an average five graves in the height of the wall, we shall have ten graves for every seven feet of passage. According to this calculation the number of graves in the Roman Catacombs would be almost seven millions. Some think that the very size of such a work is a proof that the Christians could not have done it all by themselves. There is little force in such an ob jection. I myself have seen in one night a work of excavation done by three or four men which under ordinary circumstances would hive taken double the number of men twice as long a time. Only those who have tried can tell what can be done by men whose heart and soul is in their work. Look at some of our gold diggings. Why, if our liberal and highly intelligent, government had to pay men for throwing up so much stuff without any gold to be found, they would almost exhaust that treasury which we are assured is in so flourishing a cou dition. The Christians looked upon their, labour as a religious duty, one by whjch they could increase their after reward. Some of them devoted their entire time to this labour. Now, if we consider, the number of years during which they were working, nearly three hundred, and the zeal pf the workmen wlio plied their picks and shovels, not for the sake of worldly lucre, but to lay up a sture in that place where 'rust consurneth not' the treasure, I think you will see nothing to hinder you from adopt ing the most probable opinion thut this curious and stupendous work was the result of loyal Chrjstiaa hearts, and the labour of good Christian .hearta. The history of the Catacombs maybe divided into four periods:— .-. ' '...??'.',??. 1\. The1 period of their construction, and of their use as cemeteriei.- ; ' ' ' : ' ' ' t! ' ? J 2\. The period of their veneration by the faithful* '?';/'. 3. The period of their desecration arid gradual t- .neglect. c t: 4. Of their re- discovery, and after glory. si The first period was from the time of the Apostles ' to the final establishment of Christianity as the ie- tl . ligion of the Roman empire. The second period « ';;? lasted from the middle of the fourth to the beginning ft ?, of the eighth century. The thiid period from the 01 ;; eighth to the close of the sixteenth century, during ri , Which timethey were gradually neglected, and came w ? f''at last to bealmost forgotten, with the exception of ™ .some two or three which were occasionally visited. .?' . The fourth period is from the days of the renowned st Antonio Bosio till the present day. Bosio was'a n' native of Malta. He was the agent of the Knights ™ ? , Templars at Rome. He had always been a great ' ' lover. of Christian antiquities.! As soon as he was in tv a place so favourable for the pursuit of his darling 8} ., study, . he i seams to have entered into it not only '? ' with his. whole mind and hearty but also with his j11 ., whole body. It happened that about the time of *e .'his arrival in the city a portion of the main road J?! near the Porta Salaria fell in, and revealed to the .' , astonished citizens a part of the long hidden cata- V ?combs of St. Priscilla, whicli have since proved :| such a mine of Christian treasures for the adorn- ;] ment of altars and museums. Up to that time few liadi Known of its existence except those who loved f' to read martyrologies, and even they only th ought of ? it as a thing passed away and gone. This circum- ?. stance led our antiquary to go rummaging about the 1 ?r-vineyards and sand pits along the A p pi an way to j~ try if he could not find out some traces of the ? ?cemetery which was spoken of as the burial places' . of so many martyrs. After innumerable difficulties °, which nothing but his archaoeological furore could have enabled him to surmount, he at length succeeded Jj .in dropping into a gallery of the cemetery of Sari ? -Callisto. This he tells us was on the 10th Decem- ^ 1 bar, 1593. He had some difficulty in finding his ..way out; hut the next time he went, he tookwith ? him not a skilful ariadrie to accompany him !? and ' spin a yarn' as he went on, with a good supply ?of strong twine, to . mark the way he entered, a ? plentiful quantity, of wax candles to light him dur- '}' ing his work, some bread and cheese to live upon, and a pick and shovel for the removing of all ob stacles to his progress. He spent days and nights V ; herein groping 'abouti and making rough sketches ; . anddrawings from which he vas to work upon com ing into the upper world. The poor fellow did not S live to see published the- result of his thirty- three * .; years of. labour. He bequeathed his book and drawings to his masters the Knights, They were * ? afterwards published, about 30 years after his death, d Tinder the supervision of Padre Giovanni Severano, ! , .in Italian. Thirty years after this, appeared another work in two large folio volumes by the learned f ? priest Paul Arringhi who, as well as Severano, was a disciple of the good St. Philip Neri. These were the only standard works on the Catacombs until the ,-: late publication of the labors of Padre Marchi, and [ the Cavaliere de Rossi. Also a very fine hand- { , book has been compiled by an illustrious convert, : father Northcore. Many. French and English writers have lately written treatises upon them, c as the subject has lately become a very popular t one, wore especially since the appearance of Cardinal Wiseman's charming Fabiola. It is ^ from the large folio work of Arringhi, entitled ' Roma subterranea,'. and from- the exceedingly ! ?well compiled little manual of Northcote, that I j have obtained the greater part of the materials of , this lecture. In an earlier part of the lecture I \ told you what was the moral origin of the Catacombs. But I think it well to repeat it a little more pointedly. ( The belief of Christians that their bodies are made j by Grace the temples of the Holy Ghost, and their consequent valuation of man's dignity would not . allow them to throw them one on the top of the . other in a huge ditch (puticnla) as the Pagan ! Romans did their poor. They did not like to burn the bodies, and place the ashes in pigeon holes -( (columbaria).' This seems to them like an attempt on the part of the creature to annihilate the handi , workof his Creator. They thought too that such a way of disposing of their dead bodies might be construed into a disbelief in that great fundamental truth of their religion ' the resurrection of the body.' ^ There is something unholy about the idea . ... of burning a body. It seams repugnant to these ... words of. the Almighty 'until thou return to the earth from whence thou earnest.' The patriarchs were buried. But the most conclu sive; reason of all why the preference should be given to burying the bodies of the departed, rather than to dispose of them in any other way is, that we thus imitate the burial of Him who was laid 'in a new sepulchre hewn out of the rock wherin never yet had any man been laid.' The workmen employed in digging out the graves were called fossores. Of course you all remember well our old friend Diogenes the fossor in Fabiola. (Here I have made a rough attempt at his arcoso lium.) Their operations were not confined to mere \- digg'ng ! they had also to do at times every thing , connected with the burial (excepting of course that part belonging to the priests, and also that of mourners). They had to prepare the body for its ..( -reception by the tomb ; and also to engrave, or get ?engraved, the inscription upon the slab. It is sup u., posed that these fossors formed a comfortable body. Some have even imagined that they were at one time one; of the minor orders, but this opinion is unten . able. It is quite certain that such extensive works must have been carried out on some fiseJ plan. (, As .each, church, that is each particular assembly of the faithful, had its own cemetry, so must it have had its company or. confraternity of fossors.. It was no easy life that these poor fossors had to live. In fact it might well be styled a life of perpetual . .... martyrdom. However, it «as considered as a very meritorious employment. They were looked upon as successors 'of Tobias. The true successors 'of these fossors are those to whom is now intrusted the sacred duty of removing from their litlle tombs the relics of the holy martyrs. They are, it is true, doing just the opposite of their predecessors— open, ing what they closed; but yet they are bringing thefossor'a work to a propa'r finish, by transferring their remains from the sand to the altar ; an emblem of another translation ; when the crown that they won so well shall be placed on their heads iu the realms of immortality.. I must go on to tell you how the tombs were dug. Narrow horizontal shelves were cot straight in to the walls of the sub jrranean passage, giving them the appearance of upboards, sufficient space being left between each helf to admit the corpse ; a cornice or rahate was lade to receive the tile or marble slab with which ie mouth of the tomb was closed. Saving of ibour was no doubt a great consideration with the issors, who would therefore dig their, graves not ne bit larger than necessary, because all the lbbish would have to be removed. The graves ere narrowed a little at the feet. So well did they lanagethat the corpse exactly filled the grave, n some places now a mother and child maybe ;en lying side by side in ihe one tomb, and yet ot an inch of vacant space. It is thus that we mst account for the great want of regularity in ie arrangement of the tiers of graves. In one or ro Catacombs the tombs are in somewhat more re alar order ; bat this arises perhaps from the fact of leir having been made at a time when the Church ad more labourers at her command, and.' more lisure to superintend the details of the work. The adies were often brought to the Catacombs imme iately after death. But at other times the Chris ans were so watched that they were. not able to carry »eir dead to the Catacombs. It is thought that ley then wrapped the bodies up in lime and kept lem in their houses until they were able to tran 3ort them to the cemeteries ; such at least is the est explanation of pieces of lime which are still to e seen in the graves, bearing a double impress of nen, coarse on the, outside, and fine in the inside, 'his was another point of resemblance between the urial of the Christian and that of his Lord. Bosio -und many corpses in the Catacombs with. portions (fine linen adhering to them. He alio found in ie graves vases which sent forth a sweet aromatic erfume, but these things are not to be found now. ?he expenses of the burial of the poor was no doubt lways borne by the. community at large. In the irst century it is very probable that all were so irovided for, as we read that they had, ' all things i common.'' No doubt, in the following centuries hose who could afford to pay from their own pur es for the graves and burials of their relatives were n the habit of doing so. There can benoother way han this of interpreting many inscriptions that are' 0 be found. Some even paid for their own graves whilst living. On a grave dug during the consulship )f Theodosius and Valentinian (A.D. 426) the price s marked a solidus and a half, = to about' eighteen hillings of our money. It was quite right and iroper that those who were able to pay should do o. The rich thus supplied the necessities of the -oor from their superfluities, and all were buried ilike, almost without the slightest distinction. If my one wished to place a mark (for recognition) on he grave of his relation or friend, he might scratch he inscription himself, or get it done by one of the ossors, either in properly engraved letters done by 1 skilful workman, or simply scratched on with a lail or a trowel. Sometimes the graves were merely narked with charcoal. At other times, a ring, an sarthen lamp, a piece of money, or some other mark -y which tha grave might be kno»rn, was plastered nto the mortar in front of the tomb whilst it was vet. In classifying the tombs found in the cata sombs the first grand division to be made is the ombs of the simple faithful and those of the nartyrs. The ordinary sign by which the latter ara listinguished is but the little phial (anfulla) of blood, jlaced outside at the head of the grave, bedded in ;ime. But as this sign could not he employed n the case of those who had been burned, or strangled, or drowned, (or whose blood could not je obtained) a palm branch was used instead. 2nd. We must distinguish the tombs that are jovered with plain tiles without any inscription from those with inscriptions. 3rd. A third division would be — tombs for only )ne body, and tombs for more than one. The latter ire bisomum, trisomum, quadrisomum, &c;, iccording to the number they hold. 4th. A fourth division would be — the simple loculi and the more artistically constructed arch tombs, known by the name of arcosolia. 5th. These arcosolia must be again sub-divided into the plain arcosolium and the altar arcosolium. By far the greater part of the loculi are placed in I he passages, or long ways of the 'Catacombs. The arcosolia are situate in the chambers and chapels. The chapels are very numerous. They are generally rectangular in shape, and not unfre quently perfectly square. There are some few in stances of other shapes. In these chapels were the altar tombs. At some of these, Mass was celebrated daily ; and at others, on the anniversaries of the martyrs reposing in them. Some of these -chapels were beautifully embellished with paintings and other ornamentation. I must now add a few words concerning another use which the Catacombs served — namely, as temporary places of concealment for the Pontiff, and clergy, and some others for whom the persecutors were on the look out. In the be ginning of the 2nd century, Pope Alexander I. took refuge there. At the end thereof, and in the. early part of the following century, several Popps in suc cession were obliged to employ them as their palaces. In the year 252, the Emperor Valerian published an edict forbidding the Christians ' to hold assem blies in, or even to enter, those places called cemeteries;' but the holy Pope St. Stephen, regardless of the Imperial edict, lived there some time, administered the Sacraments, and even held councils of his clergy, until he was discovered by the tyrants, who martyred him whilst he was in the very act of celebrating the Holy Mysteries. His successor also there received the martyr's crown. Thirty years later, the holy Pontiff Caius had to take up his abode there for eight years, leaving it only to join ,the white-robed army of martyrs, Even after the establishment of Christianity in the Empire, two of the holy Pontiffs bad to seek the old place of refuge during schismatical dissensions, Even the important ceremony of consecrating a bishop took place in the Catacombs. We read in the Acts of the Martyrs : — ' All those . things having been done, the holy martyrs Faustinus and Jovita went, according to the word of the Lord, to the place which is called the Catacombs, and there they found the holy Bishop (Telesphorus ?) con cealed among the sepulchres of the martyrs through fear of the Pagans. They said to him : ' The blessing of the Lord be with thy spirit, 0 mosi blessed Pontiff.' Then the holy martyrs, in a dis. tinc't voice, spoke to him :?' ??' Our- Lbrd-'and Redeemer hath directed ur to .you that you maj ordain our brother, Calimerus, Bishop, and direct him to the city of Milan.'' The blessed Pontiff, ar hearing these words, filled with great joy, th yielded to the wishes of the blessed martyrs, er I have now described to you the uses of the Cata- to combs during the first period of their history. When be the persecutions ceased a new era of their history th began. The faithful began to consider them as th sacred museums, in which all the holy treasures l-« belonging to their noble fathers were deposited, ar Hence for hundreds of years they went in crowds Ie to visit them. As Prudentius says, ' from sunrise ' even to. sunset the people may be seen flocking of hither. to pay their devotions .to the saint; and not st the Romans only, rich and poor, men, women, and is children, but long trains of people from Albano, and re all the neighbouring cities ; and even from Nola, d) Capua, and other more distant places.' This rush at of visitors made it necessary to provide more con- hi venient entrances for them. Stair cases were there- tli fore made leading down from the public roads m (instead of, as formerly, from some corner in a sand f° pit). At this time, too, were made the shafts called °' luminaria, but not so much for the admission of pc light as for freshness of air. The luminaria unfor- 1TI tunately helped afterwards to fill up many of the ni catacombs, by allowing a torrent of water to pour s^ down into them leaving deposits of mud. As the n' subterranean churches soon became much too small P1 for the great concourse oi visitors, the Christian 'r emperors now began to build churches above ground ^' over the place where the martyrs reposed. The size p of the church being proportioned to the celebrity of P the saint. In the reign of Constantirie a basilica al was built over the tomb of St. Peter, oh the very ei spot where the present monarch of churches stands. ^ Many of the churches wers destroyed by the hordes ^ of barbarians that afterwards ravaged the city ; but 8! some still remain;, or at least churches. bearing the D same names, and built upon the sites as the old w ones,. In the beginning of the 7th century Boniface w the Third removed several bodies to the Pantheon, n and ; converted this Pagan fane into a Christian t! church, under the title of Sancta Maria/ About the 1( year 760 tho Lombards besieged Rome, and entering s at the principal gates consumed every thing with ° fire and sword, and finally broke into the Catacombs, '' ^ and pillaged them of many of their sacred treasures. r To prevent a recurrence of such a sacrilege, the ,v popes began to move the bodies ot the martyrs in l great numbers. This caused the interest taken in ^ them gradually to decline. But the troubles of 8 Rome during the residence of the Popes at c Avignon, caused them to fall into complete obli- ^ vion. From this they were rescued, as I have already told you,, by the illustrious Bosio. And c now began the . period of their revival, of their ' new glory. The visits to them were renewed, and ' fresh translations of relics were made. At first ' these were allowed to be carried on by religious or. £ ders, but afterwards they were placed under the l special care of the cardinal vicar of Rome ; whose £ labors were subsequently shared by the PopeV Sa- £ cristan. But as their only care was to find out and ) translate the sacred relics of the martyrs, they did ! not do much towards the study of their monuments. This was done however by Padre Marchi, in the * last pontificate, and by the appointment of a com- { mission of sacred archseology by our present holy 1 Father Pope Pius IX, whom may God long pre- ' serve. ' The 4ecturer nest gavo a very lucid explana tion of all the various monograms, and short in scriptions found in the Catacombs. He exhibited some nice drawings of lamps, signet rings, crosses and such liks things found therein. He also spoke of many paintings of various scripture subjects, some beautifully drawn. The audience seemed to take especial interest in this part of the instructive discourse. In fact all the parts that were delivered in a more simple style, and evidently with no pre paration seemed most appreciated by the audience. The resr. lecturer told many anecdotes of his own explorations which were heartily applauded. The lecturer resumed as follows : — In order, ladies and gentlemen, to give you an idea of. the. kind ®f per sons buried in these underground cities, I will trans port you in imagination back some fifteen hundred years, when perhaps this noble island of ours was submerged in part, at least, in the waters of the Pacific. An immense concourse of people are gathered together about' the Roman forum. It is evidently a holiday in Rome, and so the people, bent upon making the most out of it, are out be- \ times. A goodly lot of merry-faced, curly-headed ' youths are running amongst tlie crowd, and with ' their ringing laugh are telling their joy at escaping for- one day from the ferula of the schoolmaster*. [ The sun is just making his appearance over the Esquiline hills, and his rays are' reflected in the polished marbles and the brilliant gems of the palace of the Caesars. The air is redolent With the sweet perfume of a thousand kinds of' the mest fragrant aromata from the royal gardens ; the lively swallows are chasing each other through the air, and darting about in fullest glee, now rising1 high up towards that sweet unclouded blue, now darting underneath a portico, and pouncing out to rest themselves on the minarets and pinnacles of Caesar's house. The cheerful cicada hum out their song of thankfulness ; the grassy banks that line the avenue leading to the rojal residence sparkle with gems of dew : The quick-eyed lizard rustles, arid the bills Of summer-birds sing welcome as ye pass ; Flowers fresh in hue, and many in their class, Implore the pausing step, arid with' their dyes Dance in the soft breeze in a fairy'mass : The sweetness of the violet's deep blue eyes, Kiss'd by the breath of Heaven, seems .coloured by the bkies. But the crowd pays but little or no attention to these beauties; they, are pressing on and on with the most eagar rapidity. . Were it 1861 instead of 250 we should fancy that some special picnic train was abjut to start and that the first bell had already rung. We are. hurried through the arch of Titus, without a moment to admire.that marbled image of the wondrous seven branched candlestick brought from the temple of Jerusalem. And now the crowd dash down- trie via sacra all hurrying' on to yon majestic pile, to that huge building rising arch upon arch,, and mounting up so high that one cannot look ,atit without thinking of the towertthat was meant to touch the skies and save men; from perishing in .case of a second flood.' j ;? v : i The lecturer here exhibited;tw,o beautiful engra vings of the exterior and interior of the coliseum, I id gave an interesting explanation of them'. '.''/. 'He en in an exceedingly graphic manner deFeribedthe. itrance of all the various classes of citizens, sona rs, &c;, and finally of the Emperor himself. The ?autiful lines from Byron describing the death of ie gladiator were read with deep pathos. He en read from Cardinal Wiseman's Fabiola the Jautful account of the death of Pancratiusr id then, to link it with the Biibject of ther cture, went on in the following terms: ? Some three hours have passed since the finishing ' the games, and a few men are directing their eps to the scene of the morning's butchery, which now untenanted save by. the few guards who imain in charge, and those who have their constant ? tvelling in the, cells of the outer.porticoes of.the nphitheatre. The men accost the guards, and jlding out to them a purse, ask them to permit lem to take away the remains of , the holy arfyrs. The permission is of course granted r the. money. They immediately rush in. One : them at once secures the body of Pancratius, and illects all the blood that, still remains on his tunic ito a little vial., He then takes the amulet from is neck, and saying to himself, 'how happy will ie be when I give her this,' places it carefully; in. is bosom. The others have got together' their recious burthens. And slipping a few more coins ito the hand of the. guard, they hasten out to a ouse not many yards distant. The body^ of ancratius, which was untouched excepting at ithe lace of the fatal gripe, was nowcarefully stripped, ad while they were reverently washing it, a woman iters the house, arid asks if her boy had 'come.. 'hey point to the corpse which they are Washing, and. lat Christian mother, raising her hands to heaven, lysfrom the very bottom of her heart, 'Thanks e to Thee, O God !'. She then stoops down, anrl ith reverential love she kisses the wound from hichhis noble life's blood flowed. 'My brave,' my oble boy ! right well I knew they would not' find tiee coward; full well I knew how much thoa jv'dst thy Lord. Oh! pray for me, my valiant on ; pray God to love me still, and make my time f pilgrimage and trial short as H6 may th'ink. best tied for me; How happy hast thou made thy fond nother, my sweet Pancratius! Theresas' a time ?hen I did fear that thy noble spirit might fa'il.irito he sinof pride, and that thy God would punish th'ee ;, mt thou hast proved thyself thy father's' own true on by laying down thy life, like him, sooner than iffer sacrifice to Rome'i false gods. And did these rreedy, cruel soldiers tear away that golden cross I ' mng about thy neck, and which I dipped, full iighteen years ago, when taou wert but a boy, into ;hy martyred father's blood?' The young man vho had borne the'martyr's body from theAruphi ;heatre pulled the little cross out from his boso'm, md, having first kissed it, gave it to the martyr's nother, who hung it exultingly about her neck, md helped to continue the preparations for her son's burial. When the body had been carefully vashed and wiped, it was rubbed all over with a lighly odoriferous balsam. Some bands of the inest linen were then saturated with the same iweet-smelling preparation and rolled carefully iround the arms, and legs, and body. It was then wrapped up in fine linen and laid upon a bed. ? The mother then made a beautiful crown of roses and placed it around his exquisitely chiseled brow, now white as marble. In the mean time, the other bodies hafBeen prepared for burial; and all were now getting ready for the funeral obsequies. Diogenes, the principal superintendent of the ceneteries, and three or four assistants have arrived ; and a consultation is held with these fos sores as to the place of burial. The mother of Pancratius wished to have her boy buried on the Aurelian Way, in the same cemetery wherein his father rested. Diogenes, the fossor, had serious doubts as to the prudence of selecting this place. He thought it would be a hard matter to carry the body, unobserved, to so great a distance; but as the mother seemed to have set her heart upon it, the good old fossor was determined to run the risk. Could he have had a vision of that beautiful church now visited by many a pilgrim, and that gate recently renewed and called aUer him the Chiesa and Porta di San Pancrazio, he would not have allowed the danger of the thing to have given him much tronble. So Pancratius was deposited in the cemetery that now goes by his name. The other bodies were taken some to the catacombs upon the Appian way, and some to the cemeteries on the . Nomentane way.. ? After having led yeu down in imagination to the catacombs, I would not bring yon up out of them; in more appropriate words than the following, written by a young Lady, a friend of Gerbet's1.— ' I have seen the Catacombs, and the impression which I there received is, thanks to God, brighter and deeper than any of those which the other monuments ancl ruins of Rome made upon me. ' I had but a vague idea of the effect which this place would produce upon me. I had not thought of it much beforehand, and I reached it without having foreseen the sensations that would there fill my soul. Perhaps this circumstance made them the more lively. I believe, at least, that no preparation could have increased them, even as no words can express them. In entering into this dark cavern,. I felt myself at first seized with a respect (and. recollection so profound, that I could not utter a word, even to pray : and yet P did not very dis tinctly feel as yet what recollections this place awakened in me. 1 was moved, before recollecting for why ; and it. was enly when my heart was melted and well disposed to receive it that the thought of the Christians, the martyrs, came and filled it with. an emotion so violent, that I do not remember ever having experieaced anything like it in my whole life. I was near an altar where Mass had been Bail during times of persecution. I looked at that stone on which had been fastened the eyes of those wlio, (at the same place where I was) had uttered, those prayers more sublime and touching than any of those which have ever been addressed to God, I would have wished to have thrown myself on my knees and prayed too, (no place in the world can inspire a greater longing for it)— but I durst not, I was not alone, so I followed those wbo were walking bsfora me, without saying anything,— and trying to keep myself from being ; disturbed with sentiments that' I' could not 'express, Going forward in these, narrow winding ways, an emotion stronger stili,' seized, upon me, When. I y,M bfforc the altar. ^ had thought only about their prayers, and had for gotten their sufferings'; but these graves in which ' there was scarcely room for the dead, and yet taking' up so much more space than that left for the living, called to niy mind what must have been suffered by ibose who (standing on this spot on which my feet were) were awaiting the moment when they too would be sleeping at the side of their brethren. ? For a moment I pictured to myself the grief, the anguish of those who for a long time were in ex ' pectation of death ; I forgot that they were Chris tians ! I forgot that a hope stronger than all the pains had banished the dread of them, and made this frightful cavern echo only with songs of hope and joy'; I forgot that the only feeling that ever made their heroic hearts beat with regret, was that ' of not having spilt their blood like those more happy onea wno were gone oeiore mem imo neaveu, «uu ? their only fear that of dying without having con fessed their faith. At length all these thoughts came \- tack to me, and T then felt ashamed that I had other thought than that of envy of those holy souls that trod these darksome ways. I then thought of ' myself with confusion ; I blushed when I remem bered that I was a Christian even as these who, 1 young and weak like me, forgetting that there was anything of happiness on eatth, here only prayed to God for the glory of dying for Him. I compared my prayers with theirs, and how unworhy I found them. Then did I desire /to share their lot. I said with all the sincerity of my heart that I would wil lingly buy a share of their virtues at the price of all ? my happiness in this world.' Such, ladies and ; gentlemen, were my sentiments when first I Yisited ? the Catacombs, and if any of you have already en joyed or will hereafter enjoy such a privilege I am ? «ure that they were or will be yours. [ A vote of thanks was proposed by Mr. St. Julian, ' seconded by the President of the Society, and car ried by acclamation. , .The President announced that a lecture will be delivered next month by Mr. R. Hutchinson. PRESENTATION OF COLOURS.— On Saturday afternoon at five o'clock, a presentation of colours in the Domain, to the suburban battalion of New South Wales Volunteer Rifles took place. At five o'clock Sir John and Lady Young, by whom the ceremony was performed, accompanied by Lady Bowen and Lord John Taylor, arrived and imme- diately afterwards Sir John Young and Colonel Kempt rode along the lines and inspected the dif- ferent corps present. Captain Eastwood and Lieu- tenants Robberds and Garrett, with a detachment composed of six men from each of the suburban corps, the main body forming three sides of a square, advanced to the front, and Mr. T. Holt, of Newtown, on behalf of the ladies by whom the colours were given, handed them to Lady Young to be presented. Lady Young after reading an appro- priate address, presented the colours to Captain Eastwood, by whom they were confided to the charge of Lieutenant Garrett. A reply was then read, by Captain Eastwood, after which three cheers were given for the Queen, three for Sir John Young three for Lady Young, three cheers for the ladies who presented the colours, and three for Colonel Kempt. The colours were then trooped, and the whole of the corps marched past the Governor in slow and quick time, preceded by the Military, and both Volunteer bands. His Excellency then ad- vanced, and addressing the volunteers, congratu- lated them upon their presence in such large num- bers, and also on their soldierly appearance and de- meanour. The Suburban Battalion he congratu- lated especially upon the honour of which they were that day the recipients. The colour which had been presented to them, he said, would be an endu- ring, emblem of the regard and sympathy enter tained for them by their fair countrywomen, and he was sure they would show themselves worthy of it. He was very much pleased at the progress of the volunteer movement; he looked upon it as well calculated to be of the greatest good for the country and for the volunteers themselves. It would give them confidence in themselves ; he wished it greater and continued prosperity, and then retired. There were about 900 volunteers, present, and the fineness of the day attracted a very large number of specta- tors to view the ceremony. Shortly after the vice- regal party appeared on the ground, the horse of Lady Bowen, who was conversing with Lady Young, became suddenly startled by the fluttering of some flags placed near Lady Young's carriage and dashed across the Domain at full speed, but the skilful manner in which the animal was managed prevented a fatal, if not a serious accident. As they approached the enclosed plantation which skirts the road, her Ladyship very cleverly turned the horse up the hill to the left, and succeeded in bringing it under control. The excitement created among the spectators by this incident may be easily imagined, and a feeling of relief pervaded the whole of the crowd assembled, when Lady Bowen by her sang froid, had rescued herself from the danger to which she was exposed. ? ? ? Gtaqo Diggings.— The Kembla arrived '? on Sunday with 7000 ounces of gold fiom Otago. ; On the day of her departure the Omeo left for Mel ? bdu'nje with 12,50'J ounces. A gentleman ' who arrived by the Keinbla writes that the prospects '? ..of t'i.e diggings - were highly favoura1 la.' 10,000 ? ounces of gold had been left in the Bank of New \- South 'Wales at Dunedin, and 8,000 ounces in the Union Bank. The next escort was expected to arrive last Friday, with 15,000 ounces. About thirty passengers have arrived by the Kembla, some few being disappointed, but the majority leaving with from one to ten pounds of gold eah, and two Germ mB h'we sixteen pounds weight of gold Between them — the produce of four weeks' labour. ?????? I; was intended, we are informed, to work the die ', gings m Gabriel's Gully over again. TfaePnmn. ; cial Hotel at Dunedin had been sold for £8000 to Mr. Jones, of Melbourne. Frontages to the prin cipal Etreets were letting for £10 per foot per annum. The roads are very good, aud the cartage to the diggings (about 70 miles), /80 per ton. ? Lighterage from Port Chalmers to Duuedin, dis 'l: tance of about trine miles, jgl per ton. i ; ','Look here, printer, you nave not pointed ?????? my poem at all.' 'Well, sir, I am not a pointer ~Igm a setter.' , ; 