PASTORAL OF THE BISHOP OF POIC TIERS AGAINST LOUIS NAPOLEON. The following are extracts from the address of the Bishop of Poictiers, referred to in the .Moniteur -.-y The last foundation of pur hopes (says the Bishop) is the marked embarrassment betrayed at the last hour by those who control us. Yes ! they have indeed reason to say that ' there is in Europe a question which is above all others.' Yes ! ' Rome has remained the greatest and most formidable problem of our time.' The Roman Papacy is the keystone of the European world. After having wielded the destroying hammer round all points of the edifice, we now see the hand of the most resolute hesitate and tremble at the very moment of allowing this principal stone to all — this sacred stone which holds to all, and to which all bold. We feel it. The day the Pope shall no longer be in his place, no Power in this world will be safe in its own, and the whole earth will be in commotion. And according as the fatal hour approaches, all will defend themselves against having rendered it inevitable. The catastrophe will be so frightful that no one will bear the responsibility of it ; and is not every means invented to throw crime on the victim himself? The parallel between Louis Napoleon and Pontius Pilate at the close of the pastoral has roused the Imperial Eagle, who threatens to gore the episcopal body witb its talons: — Pilate, finding that be gained nothing, that, on on the contrary, the exactions of those around him were increasing and becoming imperious, and understanding that though be has yielded to every demand of the multitude he was on the point of being led on to the point of the last act of weakness, ordered water to be brought him He washed his hands, and said, 'I am innocent of the blood of this just man,' and having scurged Jesus, he delivered him over to the Jews to be crucified. But has posterity ratified the sort of absolution which Pilate gave to himself ? And the washing of his hands, did it make him inno cent with ages to come ? Listen ! For eighteen centuries there exists a profession of faith in twelve articles, which every Christian lip recites daily. It is in this summary of our faith, drawn up with -conciseness by the Apostles, appear, besides the three adorable names of the divine persons, the name, a thousand times blessed of the woman who gave birth to the Son of God, and the name, a thousand times accursed, of the man who delivered Him to death ! And the man thus branded as the God-murderer — the man thus nailed to the pillory of our symbol, who is he ? This man is not Herod, nor Caiphas, nor Judas, nor any of the Roman or Jewish executioners. This man is Pontius Pilate ? It is but just. Herod, Caipbas, Judas, and the others had their part in the crime ; but without Pilate nothing would have been done. Pilate could have ssved Christ ; and without Pilate Christ could not have been put todeath. From him only could the signal come. It is not lawful for us to put this man to death,' said the Jews. Wash thy hands, 0 Pilate ! Declare thyself innocent of the death of Christ ! But our answer, day and night, to the most remote posterity, shall be, ' I believe in Jesus Christ, the only son of the Father, conceived by the Holy Ghost, bom of the Virgin Mary, and who suffered and was put to death under Pontius Pilate!' Such things, dearly beloved brethren, are not renewed on the earth. We are of them who believe in a word ever pledged to us, and on this point we reject the conclusions that are attributed to the pamphlet. For these reasons, the holy naitie of God being invoked, we have commanded and do command as follows : — Art 1. We reject, censure, and reprove the accusations of ingratitude, obstinacy, injustice, spirit of party, and other allegations insulting to the Roman Pontiff and to the French clergy contained in the above pamphlet. Art 2. We recommend the faithful to be on their guard against all the impious and calum nious assertions of a part of the periodical press on the subject of the present events examined in their relations with the religion of ths Church. The Times correspondent says : — ? The address has produced the utmost sensa tion. Even they who profess to make light of ecclesiastical censures avow their tears of the effect in the remote districts, when this fierce denunciation is read in erery place of wor ship on the same day, at the same hour during Divine worship.' There is not a man, woman, or child who leaving the .church will not suppose that the Emperor of the French is proclaimed to all France as the Pontius Pilate of ihe 19th century. It is probable the Empress with her strong feeling on this subject, has been much affected by the allusions to her in the Bishop's address— to the Golden Rose blessed by the Pope at the High Altar of St. Peter's and bestowed on her; to the prayers his Holiness offered up for her at the most critical moment of her life, &c.; It was said to-day that the Monde and the Union would be suppressed for having published this document, and that the matter would be brought before the Couneil of State.' The following vessels have been chartered by Government for the conveyance of emigrants, troops, or stores to the foreign stations named during the month of March, nearly the whole of them sailing from Gravesend :— Williau Stewart, 576 tons, tor Melbourne; Broadwater, 571 tons, for Auck land ; the Earl of Mar, 422 tons, for Wellington ; and the Eirene, 186 tons, for East London. The Mangerton, 966 tons; will sail from Plymouth with emigrants for Moreton Bay, — Mitchell's Register, March 9th. 