IL DON GIOVANNI. It's quite early enough, An opera to puff, Just ere people begin to exclaim quantum suff; For, commencing too soon, Each small critical loon, Squeaks his shrill penny whistle to Punch's bassoon. And his grand tones are hocuss'd, By frog and by locust, When he wants them to be peremptorily focus'd: Such critics we commonly take tale quale,— But Punch must be heard in a solo finale. 'Tis two score years since I first saw Giovanni, And the girl whom I ogled is now a grim granny; And the beauty that once in the boxes so shone— Though the lustre remains in her daughters—is gone. And the bucks of Fop's-alley, with brave chapeau bras Have now become braided, and grizzled, and—ah! Don't much like to hear Ambrogetti's name spoken, Nor Ronzi di Begnis's, by the same token, Camporesi's remembered, or Pasta's recall'd:— "Forty years since—'tis true, sir, they sang and they bawl'd Ambrogetti, de Begnis, Camporesi, and Pasta; But now, peace be with 'em, and let us cry Basta! E'en Grisi's too long on the stage, for my liking, For how many chimes for new years have been striking Since that lady stepp'd forth on the boards, to astonish us! Egad! Sir, the lapse of time well may admonish us!" So saying, the veteran hums Batti, batti, And bravas Zerlina, young Madameoiselle Patti. Ah! well I remember when nothing would serve But I must needs go to hear this chef d'œuvre, Il Don Giovanni—that wonderful score, With genius's affluent beauty spread o'er, Where roses and lilies on Melody's stream, Are borne with a current so rapid, we deem That the Mælstrom at last may perchance be their grave, Yet their odour's not lost, but springs up from the wave. Such soft sensibility, mind, soul, and heart, Were met in the bosom of Wolfgang Mozart. With truth it may of the libretto be said, That one more dramatic was scarcely e'er made; How could you desire More music and fire, Than Don Pedro and Anna his daughter inspire? She, all indignation at outrage attempted, He, his Commandant body of vital breath emptied, Takes his vengeance where it may grow larger and larger, To his statue in stone on the back of a charger; Where he sees on a moonlight night many and many A rare midnight spree of our Don Giovanni. Who reels through the churchyard, all fluster'd and mellow, With that rogue of a servant of his, Leporello, Who, by rights, when the ghost wreaks poetical doom On the Don, of the fame of the fair a destroyer, Should have on the trap door his just share of room, For a final descent with his friend and employer. 'Tis true Don Ottavio is rather a tame one, And would prove, pitted 'gainst the Don, hardly a game one; But what music he sing, Such as sleep sometimes brings To a young dying saint, by an angel with wings, And we well may ascribe to that heavenly quire a Part of the music of Donna Elvira. While Zerlina so innocent, playful and free, Has borrow'd her notes from the bird on the tree. And all this, good reader, to hear and to see As 'tis play'd by our Lyster's good companie, I have been no less than times, one, two, and three; And I mean to go when they this opera restore To the playbills (which must be) some twice or thrice more. For he knows not, my friend, the true musical lore, Who knows not good music inspireth a thirst, Which parches him more the last draught than the first; 'Tis a thirst that's divine, and we're in that condition, When we look at a picture by Raphael or Titian; We must drink of its beauty again and explore The charm that enthrals us, each time more and more. So that thirst, when with Shakspeare, we constantly feel, With Dryden sometimes, and with Scott a good deal; In a word, all that's exquisite ever awakes it, And the draught, howsoever repeated, ne'er slakes it. And now, to show scarce such a critic has been So clever as I—shall I do something mean? Shall I say, in a spirit ungenerous and petty, That Farquharson's nought to the great Ambrogetti? That Kitts is not Tagliafico, and can't Give power and force to the grim Commandant? That, 'tis true, Leporello by Lyster is fair, When the servant is more of the master a crony, But in that grand supper scene we must despair, Of seeing once more a Lablache or Ronconi. In a word, should I do what ill-nature requires, I should pitch into Trevor, and spiflicate Squires, Make Mesdames Lucy Escott and Ada King shrink, Each because of my strictures, perpetual woe's ally, And bring little Durand to despair's very brink— That plump little singer whose Christian name's Rosalie. I'll do none of these things, but proclaim all was better Than we could expect, and we antipodeans, Have not only reason to feel Lyster's debtor, But to sing to him Io Triomphes and Pæans. 