NOTES. OF THE WEEK. Friday, 15th February. THE intercolonial cricket match ia absorbing public attention just now even to the exclusion, or nearly so, of politics. The weather is happily favourable, although some smart showers came down yesterday afternoon. The arrangements by the managing com- mittee are admirable, and have given general satisfac- tion in every respect but one. This was their refusal to allow a tent within the enclosure for the Volunteer officers as well as for the officers of the garrison. Full details of the play have been given in other columns. Mr.Cowper, after having been ill for a considerable time, has resumed hi« official duties and his seat in Parliament. The motion for a Committee ot enquiry into the abuse of the Great Seal by the late Governor-General jhaa been adjourned until the documents relative to this matter shall have been printed. The Government is getting ita Land Bill slowly through the Assemblv. The great principle contended for-free selection before u. survey has been affirmed in committee, and Mr. Hobertson ha« been badgered by some of the ultra-liberals for opposing a still further inroad upon the squatters, by a limitation of their pre-emptive wrights. In their Tarin* Bill Ministers have been rather un- fortunate. Although in the Assembly it was got over in one evening, it ha» stuck fast in the Upper Jïouse ever since. The Chamber ot Commerce has petitioned against the proposed changes, and the petition has been largely signed by mercantile men. There have, indeed, been petitions in favour ' of the Ministerial plant' but_ the mercantile petition has carried most weight with it. There was a proposition to kick out the bill altogether by tho usual Parliamentary expedient of postponing its further consideration for six month«, but the debate on this proposition stands adjourned. On Saturday last Mr. George Whitfield held half .a-dozen complimentary pigeon matches ^at his resi- dence, Ormeau View, at the head of one'of the beau- tiful bavs near Hunter's Hill. Nearly 300 guests were invited, and the day passed pleasantly. The best shooting was by Messrs. MVDougal, Ryder, M'Kellar, Johnston senior, Blaxland, and H. Newcombe. Judgment was given on Monday in the long pend* ïng case of the Rev. G. King v. the Bishop of Sydney and Sir W. W. Burton. The Judges granted a writ of prohibition, as prayed for by the reverend applicant, against the holding of a Court or assumed Court, in which he was to " undergo the visitation' ' of liis diocesan. The case was this : The Rev. Mr. King is the incumbent of St. Andrew. His Church, be- sides being that of the parish bearing the same name, | has been used as a temporary cathedral for the dio- cese. The Bishop having appointed the Rev. Mr. Cowper to the deanery, questions arose as to how far this appointment trenched or was likely to trench upon the rights of Mr. King. Finally, when the Bishop sought to hold an ordination service in this church, Mr. King claimed to assist therin, and this not being conceded, he locked the doors of the church and refused to allow the service to be'held there. The Bishop regarded this as an act of canonical dis- obedience, and issued "letters of request " to Sir "William Burton, as his chancellor, who with four licensed clergymen Btyled " commissaries," were to inquire into the conduct of the Rev. Mr. King and to report thereon. Articles of accusation were filed by the Bishop, and Mr. King was cited to appear, &c.; But he disclaimed the right of the Bishop to create this tribunal, and applied to the Supreme Court for a prohibition against its action. The Judges have held that the Church of England being on the same legal footing in this colony with all other Christian Churches, the Crown has no power to' give to Bishops of that Church those rights of hold- ing- Ecclesiastical Courts which attach to episcopates- in the United Kingdom. The Bishop ' ' could exercise no governing functions of thiB- nature not voluntarily submitted to by the community over which he presided, unless they were conferred by law. ' Thus, his power 'of withdrawing a clergyman's license was one vested in him by statute, but most be exercised on cause shown to himself, and was a power against the exercise of which no appeal had been provided. The assumed grant in the Queen's Letters Patent of the power of holding such a Court as the one alluded to was void, but as the Bishop had altenrated to act bona fide, in accordance with the provisions of these Letters Patent, the prohibition was granted, without costs. In the course of the argument it had been contended that the proposed enquiry by Sir William Burton and the four clergymen was not to be legally regarded as the action ot a Court, butas a mere investigation -directed by the Bishop for the purpose of assisting him in the exercise of his own power«. In reference to this point, however, the Judges held that the whole course of action showed an intention on the part of the Bishop and the proposed Court, that the latter should act aa an ecclesiastical tribunal duly constituted under the authority of the Queen'« letters patent. A set of camp colours, worked by the ladies of St. Leonard's was on Saturday presented to the St. Leonard'« company oi Volunteers by Lady Burton. Messrs. Clarke and Ghost have manufactured a very handsome cup from an emu's egg with silver mountings, which is to be presented by Mr. Cunning- ham of the Commercial Hotel to the winning cricketers .at the inter-colonial match. A carnivorous animal from Tasmania, called by the -startling name of " An Australian Sevil," ia being exhibited here prior to ita being sent to Europe. It «sembles a bear, but is small, being but eighteeu inches in length. A'seaman named Mollineaux has been deliberately stabbed in the abdomen by a man named Collins, also a sailer. They were both lodging at Kelly's boarding house, in Harrington-street, and had quarrelled, but the quarrel was apparently over. Mollineaux is in the Infirmary, and Collina has been brought before the Water Police Court and remanded. A labouring man named Thomas Rendait has been murdered near Wollogorang. His body was found in the hush, with the ¿kuli fractured. A set of rifle butta has been erected at Manly Beach. , 'j The forty-fourth annual meeting of the New South Wale« Bible Society ha« been held, and its official arrangement« made for the current year. During the past year there have been «old at the depot 1599 bibles, C81 testament«, and thirteen psalters. At the branch establishments C31 bibles and 454 testaments. The entire issue of the society since ita establishment has been 744,418. The annual meeting of the New South Wales Agri- cultural Society was held at Williams' Hotel, Parra imatta, on Saturday afternoon. There was a Bocial tea meeting at the Hall of the Sacred Heart, en Monday evening, when a handsome portrait in oil of the Rev. Mr. Snoridan (painted by Mr. Anderson), was presented to that gentleman by the Catholic Young Men's Society. A second por- trait, of precisely the same character, was retained by the society. Captain Carnegie has been released from Cockatoo Island. The fourth concert during the present season, of the Sydney Philharmonic Society was held on Tues- day evening. It has been arranged that the School of Arts Ex- hibition shall be opened on Wednesday, the 20th instant. Margaret Saunders, aged nineteen months, has _ied through having eaten the ends of some lucifer matches. A frightful accident has happened to a man named Patrick Phelan, at M'Donald's farm-Louth Park Road, in the Hunter River district. He and his brother were ploughing when the horse started, and both being thrown down, the ploughshare was forced into the unfortunate man's side to a consider- able depth. He was removed to the hospital. His brother escaped with a few bruises. The elections for councillors in the various munici- palities have taken place during the week, and have created a great many little local excitements, of greater interest, perhaps, to the parties concerned, I than the greatest political questions of the day. ] There was, an Monday, a social gathering of mem- bers of the Church of England resident on the Water- loo Estate. The early closing movement is progressing. Its advocates omit no opportunity of pressing their claims upon public attention. A beautifully bound family Bible with velvet cushion have been presented by the non-commissioned officers and men of Nos. 1 and 4 Companies 12th Regiment to Mary Ann Augusta, wife of colour-ser- geant Gibson, prior to her departure from amongst them. Mr. Julius Hogarth has just completed a very beautiful and artistic flower vase, which is to be for- warded to Madras for presentation to Lady Denison from certain of her lady friends in Sydney. A public meeting for the advocacy of a permissive I liquor law, va held on Thursday evening, at the Temperance Hall. Two case« of hay. stack burning, each «upposed to »e the work of an incendiary, are mentioned bv the country papers. * 