TEMPERANCE AND INTEM PERANCE. (From tho Saturday Pevieta.) AYe are indebted to n country phyAcian, Dr. Barclay, of Leicester, far a most sensible pamphlet on tlio temperanco question. Originally it was delivered as a l'.-cluro before the Lcicestor Literary and Philosophical Society, and it is published by Bosworth, of Regent street. For ourselves, wo can claim to have given some attention to tho literature of this subject. AVo are tolerably familiar with the crudo talk of the A Itiance Weekly Kerns on the one hand, "and' with the many professional ambiguities on the other, in which the medical journals indulge when discussing the subject of intoxicating drink. AVe may therefore express a real satisfaction at meeting, in so close a com pass, and in so very pleasant 11 form as Dr. Barclay's lecture, a scientific account of tho effects of alcohol on the human physiology, and of the actual extent of disease induced by intemperance, together with statistics which arc not the invention of sentiment, nnd n moral investigation which is founded 011 tho nature of man, and not on tho ignorance of un un natural nnd prejudiced fnnuticism. Dr. Barcluy is emniiulicnllv an advocate of temperance, and bo is on adovoeato of tem perance, because lie knows that iho use of stimulants is most important to tho human economy; because unless man chooses to live a mere animal, or rather a mere vegetable life — that is, unless tho whole end ofliis being is to sustain life — he must haro reconrs- tos-ima- lnnls in some form ; because morality is best served by regulating, not by on impotent attempt to extirpate, the human propensities ; and because the necessity of stimulants is an instinct, and no universal craving on the part of mankind ought to bo resisted. This is why Dr. Barclay is a temperance ndvocnte, in the true sense of the word. And ho says that either a Maine Liquor Law or tho Permissive Bill on which at tho present moment the total abstainers are spending their energies, would, if carried, by closing nil public-houses, make every town in England " us besotted nnd as Pharisaical as Glasgow." He further contends that, after all, the use of stimulants is economi cally defensible, nnd that, when honestly examined, tho statistics of disease show that only n very minute proportion of deaths can be attributed to intemperance in alcholic drinks, while scarcely a trace of sickness can be attributed to -the use of tobacco. This is tho sort of answer which Dean CI030 wants. Most of Dr. Barclay's facts and reason ings have been produced before ; but we can scarcely remember to haro seen them brought together in so neat n form, or detailed in so good a spirit. And it would bo a great mistake to suppose that I10 is insensible to tho evils of drunkenness ; for he goe3 so far as to say that he would have the victim of every first cose of delirium tremens secluded, to which he would add a longer confinement for tho second outbreak, nnd almost total seclusion for confirmed drunkards. He would impose a fine and revive tho stocks for the drunkard, and after a certain number of con victions he would have recourso to imprison ment, tind to the forfeiture, as in Sweden, of certain political and social rights. Aftor this it will scarcely suit even the most unscrupulous teetotallers to represent Dr. Barclay as tho apologist for o filthy vico, nnd his vindication of tho legitimate nso of strong drink becomes moro impressive, when, as regards vows, ho docs not hesitate (as we certainly should do) to say tliut "tho vow of the Nazarite is as lawful in its entirety under the Christian dispen sution as it was under tho Jewish — nny, that any father may impose such restric tions on his children as Jonadab the son of Rccliab did." AYo do not observe, however, that ho goes on to pronounce that tho children are hound to obiervo the paternal prohibition. In another direction, and for purely profes sional reasons, ho also distinguishes between the use and abuse of stimulants. Ho indicnte9 an apprehension that tho present fushionablo system adopted especially in London'practice, of administering tonics, may havo a tendency to encourage or to pavo tho way to intomperaneo. But Dr. Barclay admits that the present recurrence on tho part of practitioners to the uso of wines and stimulants may bo justified by tho remarkable fact that all diseases have within tho last few years undergone a great change of type, and that violent inflammatory action has been superseded by maladies. of a languid and feeble character. Is it that the human animal is wearing out, and that, n9 tho soil aftoratimorefuscstogrowtho same plant, so the earth is weary of man, and can 'inly nourish a feeble form of life ? . Is it truo that naturam pati senium ? The dentists tells us that a good set of teeth is almost unknown in tho rising race. To what are wo to attribute this curious fuct? To the senescence, of tho Bpccies, or to tho wear and tear of our modern life? AYe suspect to the latter. The fact, however, is fortified by so much evidence that wo cannot question it. Stimulants, therefore, are more necessary than they were forty years ago in medicol practice ; but tho indiscriminate use of stimulants in disease may . lead to their abuso when a disease is cured. Still tho abuse of a thing implies its uso; and this is Dr. Barclay's argument. . There is ono sophism which runs through tho wliolo of the plo-is for enforced "abstincnco — tho confusion between the use and abuse of a thing. Sir Benjamin Brodic, in his letter on tobacco, could not keep clear of it. An irre fragable argument against the profligato abuse of a thing has not tho slightest weight against its moderate use. . That "ono futal glass of- wine, that ono moment of indulgence, there was my ruin" — this is tho platform common place; which, if good for anything, would show thot a gamo of cribbage must ho prohibited by law because Mr. Fox lost several fortunes at hazard, or that a woman is never to liavo a now bonnet bccauso certain husbands have been ruined by milliners' bills. But after tho ingenious argument ventured on by those who know hotter — that because two drops of essential oil of tobacco placed on a cat's tongue are said to have killed tho cat, there fore threo cigars sraokod every day ruin a man's constitution— wo cannot bo surprised,, however wo may bo disgusted, by the vulgar fallacies of tho teetotallers. Dr. Barclay carries the war into the opposite camp. When tho teetotallers confess that out of 500,000 persons who have taken the pledge in America, 350,000 havo broken it, they prove what Bojonoo had . previously asserted, . that a moderate use of alcohol is proper for man ; and when tho fervid preachers of tho. platform denounce tlio wnsto of our 26 millions sterling spent annually on stimulants, it 1b as well that wo should be reminded that tlio experience of tlio hydropathic establishments provo an enor mous increase in tlio use of food. In other words, it is plain that if wo only drink water, our consumption of farinaceous and animal food must bo very largely extended. Tho effect of alcohol is to arrest tho destruction of the tissues and to utilise the constituents of life ; and therefore, under the present conditions of modern life, where tho nervous system is liable to so much waste, alcoholic - substances, as the most portablo form of accessory diet, are more than over necessary. If, as is the case in infancy, tlio only purpose of life were to ' livo, the complementary diets of animal, farinaceous, and. leguminous food would bo sufficient to sustain life ; but as soon, as man boginB to work and' think, alcohol, as preventing and arresting tho destruction of tissue, is the cheapest food. If a man . has is shilling to spend on food, I10 will do a better day's work on nine pennyworth of bread and moat and three pennyworth of beer, than on six penny wortli of bread, six pennyworth of meat, and quantum snf. of water. . So much for tho alleged wasto of the national resources in the matter of strong drink. Another important fact is, that total absti nence from t stimulating drink aotually predis poses to certain diseases. Of the European regiments in India the sick are to the strong Teetotallers,,,, 31.30 por cent. Temperate 17.78 „ Intemperate 20.16 " „ In fevor, dysentery, and diarrhoea, tho average is in favour oven of tho intemperate as against tho total abstainer. In his own practice Dr. Barolny finds some remarkable statistics. In 3476 cases of disease ho finds 5 per cent, only attributable to drink, and 0.55 to tobaceo. And ho adds : — " Tho result of such an investigation shows the folly of trusting to vague idoas of numbers. It is stated, 011 medical authority too, in somo of the teetotal books, thot — "'Tho diseases distinctly referable to ardent spirits alone amount to 75 cases out of 100\. .. . " ' About 50 per cent, of all tho sickness admitted to the Glasgow Infirmary is con nected more or less with, tho use of spirituous liquors. - " I quote these two assertions to show their utter fallacy. They are Iho only two distinct associations of numbers thot I can find to lay hold of. Such expressions as ' tens of thou sands dying,' ' destroying moro lives than tlio sword,' ' vast amount of disease,' ' large pro portion of all disease,' arc quite common. .' . Tho same gross exaggeration has prevailed with regard to cases of lunacy. Lord Shaftes bury stated publicly that 60 per cent, of llieiu could bo traced to intemperance. The num bers, even in Edinburgh nnd Glasgow, nro only 24 and 21 per cent. ; whilo in nn average of five asylums taken nt random in England, Scotland, and tho United States, the average per cent, is scarcely above 14." \Ye should be glad to think that this was n solitary case in which tho noble philanthropist lmd drawn upon his fancy for his fee's. Dr. Bnroiny argues, ns has been often nrgncd before, that the l-eeent French treaty is n great boon to tho cause of truo temperance ; and for the first time we find in' his pamphlet a state ment, not of the consumption, which of course is as yet impossible to ascertain, but of the importation of French wines consequent upon Mr. Gladstone's measure. He states it ns 11,381,000 gallons, imported during the past eleven months of 1860, against 6,914,000 in 1S59. Our chief reason for calling attention to Dr Barclay's pamphlet, besides its practical tone and valuable contents, is that suggestions for n bill equivalent in its main particulars to 11 Maine Liquor Law are now actively canvassed by the tcctolnl lecturers. Tho provisions of this threatened measure are incredible. It seeks to prohibit the manufacture, the selling or fur nishing, of any intoxicat ing ' liquor, except for sacramental, medicinal, or chemical, and mechanical purposes. A salaried agent iB tcho appointed for these purposes. For tho first offence the penalty is a fine — for subsequent offences, imprisonment.. Liquors may he seized, the houses of suspected persons may be searched, drunken persons are to bo arrested, and when sober to bo examined 011 oath as to where they obtained the liquor ; arid if they refuse to answer, to ho committed to prison " during pleasure." A married woman may maintain an action or information in her own name; irrespectively of tho consent of her husband. AYith these abominable sug gestions Dr. Barclay contrasts the law of truo temperance. In place of calling publicans hard names, and instead of slanging the frequenters of the public- house, let tho gentle folks mix with the poor, and so insensibly elevate them to a sense of self-respect. Let us never forget that it is easy for peoplo with com fortable homes to abuse those to whom tlio public-house alone offers the comforts of light and warmth and society, and that tlieso things are natural to man. Decent homes, inoffensive recreations, evening exhibitions and concerts in towns, the summer cricket-field or the winter lecture in villages — these are the bcsL Maine liquor laws. The Sunday excursion train, or even tho Sundny band, is not the road to the gin shop; nnd wc are not disposed to forget that if Scotland is tho most Sabbntnrinn and Calvinislio country upon earth, its town populations at least aro the most drunken of drunkards. The District Boundaries. — Under this head a Bmart leader appears in tho Ararat Advertiser of 18th June, of which tho follow ing is a portion : — Let tho small places trem ble, for Maryborough is roused ! Let tho town9 quake for the city is astir. AYe have it on the word of one of her orators, in public meeting spoken, that- Maryborough shall not beaten. The peoplo of Maryborough aro a " great people," D. K. Campbell, Esq., says so, and ho, as lier municipal chairman, surely ought to know. AYill a great peoplo stand a territorial clipping ? . Fancy Russia losing tho Crimea, Franco losing Cherbourg, or England the Channel Islands. YVAiat would these states do at tho hare prospect of Buch spoliation ? Go to war, of course. Gird on tho sword, point the bayonet, and ride the cannon. So, likewise, tho great peoplo of tho .metropolis of tho north western goldfields .pendut thcir army of de putations, point tho angriy goose quill; and rush' incontinently to tlio struggle. Mr. Peter Arir- tuo leads tho van, and gives out tho battle cry. AVIut ! tako their district? "Such a thing they will not, they ought not, to stand." They will have it back ? " Not ono inch of territory, loss will satisfy them." Tho modest Peter .Yirtuo says that Maryborough is not grasping — is not selfish — she says, only " Give us back our own' distriot." And the modest senti ments of Peter find an echo in ovory Mary borough heart. The Maryborough people, and by consequence,' tho Maryborough paper, have an odd way of talking about their district — a cool, appropriating style, which is quite their own. In their mind, Inglowood is a mero offshot of Maryborough. Back Creek, Dunolly,' Sandy Creek, Kingowor," St. Arnnud's, Avocn, and Amherst aro all mere contributarics of the town of the " great people," unworthy of a separate existence, nnd important only as a source of trndo and profit to tho north-western metropolis." ; Case oe Burying Alive.— The following awful case of burying al've is reported in a late communication oh this distressing subject, addressed to tlio Sydney Morning JTerald : — "A young gentlewoman, the BaronesB of Armfeld, had arranged for her confinement to take place in the country house of her father, a wealthy iron- founder at Bystadt. Exhausted by her labours, she sank under the pain before tho accouche ment was finishod. In tho meanwhile she was to all appearance lifeless. No one could detect that lier condition was only a temporary faint ing, accompanied with insensibility. She was pronounced tobedead,andwu9 buried ina family vault under tho principal altar of tlio oliurch. As the sexton returns homo at night, I10 hoars, as he passes by the oliurch, sighing and wailing, apparently coming up out of tho earth. He is horror-struck, and believes he hears a ghost. Ho' rushes off and relates his ad venture to his companions. Tho moBt aourageous of tliara venture to the pot from whence tho cries proceed ; they hear the words uttered with a weak voice, ' O, God ! mercy ! mercy !' Not one of them hnd the couvngo to enter the church. A sudden terror compels them to flight, convinced that' what they had hoard was tho cry of some wandering spirit who needed their interces sions.' As on the following day the Boxton entered the. church, a horrible sight presented itself : — a lady who had died in giving birth to a child was swimming in her. blood, and holding a dead child in her arms. The un happy. young lady had recovered her conscious-, ness in tho coffin. By tho discovciy, and by tho . return of consciousness, the . pains of labour . were renewed. In her doubt as to where she was, she had tho strength to push 1 open tho cover of her coffin and to come up out of tho vault. Hor cries were heard by the stupid- inhabitants of tho village. She was helpless, and died'within a short distance of her father's mansion'." The Divorce Court and Its Statistics. — A' series . of returns connected with tho Divorce .'Court, have been issued. The "first return bIiows the number of suits which have occupied tho Divorce Court since the passing of the act under which it is constituted had arisen from adultery committed anterior to that date. Tho wliolo number of petitions for dissolution of marriage on the ground alluded to which have come before the court is 604. 386 suits arose from tbo acts of adultery com mitted in hyegono years, and in one case a petition refers to events which took place in the year 1823. Tho numbor of petitions re lating to acts of adultory committed in tho year 1850 -were 27; for tho year 1851 they were 30;' for 1852, 25 ; for 1853, 34 ; for 1854,38; for 1855, 39; for 1856, 59. For tho earlier portion of the year 1857 up to tho 28th of August, tlio date at which the act was passed, tho number of petitions was 36, and for . tho remainder of tho year 43, making a total for that year of 79. For tho next year, they were still more numerous — 85; bnt in 1859 there is a decrease, the numbor being 66 ; whilo in 1860, up to tho 21st of August, Iho date at which the return was moved for, tho number was only 24. , 