SYDNEY NEWS. iLLAWAnnA Turf Ci un Races-The Illawarra Turf Club Races commenced on Tuesday under very favourable auspices The Malden Plate ol £60,1J mile, weight for age, was won by Mr Osborne's Alderman, Mr Kurvln s Crinoline winning a second heat for beaten horses, for £15 out ol the prize The Municipal Town Plato of £50, beats two miles, weight for age, was won by Mr Waldron s Erin go bragh, beating three others The Selling Stakes ol £15 was won by Mr. Lindsay's Fear- not beating two others - Ahridyal from Illawarra Express, Oct 16 Death irom Buuiino -The city corouer held an inquest at his office, yesterday, on the body of a man named Wellard Barber, a blacksmith, aged sixty years Ihe deceased «as re ceived into the Infirmary on the tell instant, from Brisbane Water, where he bad sustained serious Injuries about his face head, breast and arms, by fire, having fallen into the fire in trying to light his pipe while in a stale of intoxication He had been in tho Infirmary on a previous occasion for treatment under similar circumstances, but the injuries received on the second occasion were so severe, that he gradually sunk ex hausted, and expired on last Saturday night Verdict, ' Died from injuries received by his clothes taking Uro ' -S M Herold, Oit 17 DiBTiicssiNo Suicide -A great deal ol painful exoltement prcv ailed lu neighbourhood ol Paddington yesterday, by til» re- port that a gentleman had shot himself on the prevlotu ulftiL The report turned out but too true It appears that thedecesud, a geutlcman named Robert 8 Balcorab, about fifty one jetrs ot years of age, had for some timo post been accustomed te ut In a most eccentrlo manner, betraying mental aberration Ile had repeatedly threatened to commit suicide, and on one mo» sion attempted it, but was pre» cntcd from accomplishing toe work ot sell destruction 1 lils happened about four mootai ago, and on the occasion alluded to ho went to Waverley, where the attempt was made At different times since be au acted in an extraordinary manner, till ol late his mannen at homo wera so strange that his wife was obliged to leave bim for the Bafcty ol hcrsill and family He was employed as a clerk in the Surveyor s General s Office, and during this time coutinucd to attend to his duties. A low dajs ago he wroti two loiters-one to his wlfo and tho other to ono of his fellow clerks bidding thom farewell, and Indicating that he intended committing Borne desperate act On last Suuday night be went to the residence ortho Kov J D Brennan, and upon the door being optned walked lu and talked in a most exoited manner. Uo also exhibited a pistol, and made some remark to the eHect that ho would do something that would be reported In tho papers Mrs Urennan advised him to go home and get rest, ii she felt sure ho required It He quitted the house, and a tew moments altcrward the report of a pistol was heard To« wretched man had dlsobargod a plBtol at the right side of nu head, and was lound h Ing on the ground dying from the effecfi of tho wound A medical man was called to «co tha deceased, but of courso could do nothing of any benefit to him under tua circumstances With regard to the predisposing cause, or cauBes, of this sad affair, it has been stated that relatifs of tat deceased have attempted self-dest motion t but the rash sot tasy more probably be attributed to an injury In lils bead, recorea many years ago Moreover a daughter to whom he way Buen attached died a few years since, and that preyed muclit Upoo his mind An Inquest on lils body wai held at the B*JJ7*t House Inn, Upper Paddington, yesterday, and a verdict oi " Died from injuries received by a pistol shot wound the pitwi bebig disoharged by hlmsell while laboring under temporur Insanity," waa returned -Herald of tuesday . Kiugiitful and Iíatal AcciDrNT - One of the no» frightful ttooldents from tho bolting ol a horse that ooulapo» slbly occur, happened yesterday evening A youth, luppojea to to named M'Dormolt, about 16 years ol age, was eltlitt catching a horse in a paddock In the neighbourhood of Mm perdown, or was letting it loose t the precise cause of the mci dent has uot yet bcou ascertained-winn the animal loo« fright, and bolted along the Sydney road, past the University, and down Parramatta street, dragging the unfortunate yoma whose right wrist was euoloscd by uio buller with a slip noose aller Mm Soon aller tho horse bolted, the lialter, msd«« leather (to wbtoh tho ropo was lnslened), slipped from mi brute's head lu lils shauldors thus giving him additional poner todrag tho body ot the boy Down Parramatta itreet. çw tho Hallway Brldgo, past the Benevolent Asylum, and law Pitt street, the aulniul gallopod at lils greatest speed, till at readied Mr Gleesuue public house, between Liverpool sna Bathurat-strects, when the rope broke, and the desdbodyot the poor lud was lelt l\ Ing lu the middle of the street-the nui tilated muss then prieoiitiug appearuuees too horrible for oe soriptlon Tin Irlghteued horse was soon afterwards stoppée lu his mud career and seoured Tho body ol deceased was re moved to tho dead house of tho Boni volent Asylum, where, we understand, a Mrs M Dermott, wlfo ot Mr M Dermott Ç»w netmuker, of Campbell stroot, identified tho body as that of mt son, by a peoullur button sewn on by herself, and adhering to a Iragincut oi IiIb drcis left hanging to tho body-tho tottt'is lion of Hie remains being such as to dcly identification nu stated, moreover, that the boy's hat has been Identified as tua» belonging to the lad M'Dormott It uppearsthat theyouiu referred to reoeutly went up lo Bathurat with a Mr Smith, sna It was nut known (hut ho hud returned to the * billilly ot »ja ney Doubtliss further particulars will ootne out at the inquiit on tho boil) -Herald, 0\t 10-Au Inquest on tho body ors boy named John M Dermott, who as suited lu our lssuo oi yesterday, was killed by being dragged ulong thu street» ¡>y " runaway bono, was held at tho lluliway Hotel, George «ne» South, yestor luv 1 loin tho ivldenoo of several witnesicB ii appealed thal lho vii«lon of the sod nflnlr given in Hil' psper yesterday was substantially oorroot lho diooasid, »ge« Hi was lu the employ of Mr Smith, cabinetmaker, o» Brloktifi«" hill, and on Tuesday, 8th instant, lelt Sydney with bim w» » load of goods for Bathurst On last Monday morning. Smith .ind theloy were at the Toll-bar Inn, Blue Mountains, and there met a carrier named Joalah Davis, who was returning from Bathurst Smith could not get on well with his load, so he hired horses of Davis, to assist film on the road to Bathurst, giving instructions to the boy M'Dermott to return with ono of thehorses with Davis to Sydney. Smith then proceeded on to Bathurst and Davis and tho deceased to Sydney. The latter arrived at Campberdown at eight o dock on Tuesday night, having travelled about thirty miles that day, and Davis. Intending to go on lurther toward Sydney, told the lad to go on with the horso to his employer's house, pav s then loft for his home ac Newtown, lenving the boy cleaning the horso before talcing him into town. After that tho boy and horse do not appear to have been seen till the horse, which Davis ' described as spirited and full of mettle, notwithstanding the long journey he had gone, was seen galloping along the Syd- ney road, past the University, dragging the boy after bim. The body of the deceased was convoyed to the dead-house of .tho Benevolent Asylum to nwalt an inquest. The halter, which consisted of nleather strap with a;piece of rope attaohed, was not fastened In the usual way to tho horse's head, but , simply hung round his neok. The end of the rope, willoh appears to have had a knot on It, was fastened with a slip-knot round the boy's right wrist, which was drawn so tight that it had to be cut off. Tho deceased's futher.Btuted in evidence that he did not wish the boy to go up tho country with Smith, as ho was not muoh accustomed to horses, and he (the futher) had a pre- sentment that some aooident would befall him ; he did not interpose, however, so ho went. Tho boy had boen accustomed to the horse a short timo before leaving Sydney ; but sometimes when the animal was restive he refused to clean him. .He had more confidence in Mr. Smith than to think he would give his son In charge of a horse it ho thought there was any danger of accident. Tho Jury, after duly considering all tile facts of the case, returned tho following verdict:-" we find that the de- ceased youth, named John M'Dermott came to his dentil acci- dentally; and that Mr. Smith is in the highest degree censur- able for giving suoh a horse in charge to the youth. And we 1 also think that Mr. Davis is somewhat to blame in not seeing, that a proper halter was provided for the horso before the youth started for Sydney."-S. M. Herald, Oct. 17. Lower Murrumiiidoee.-October 6th.-During tho past fortnight tile weather has been very ohnngcable, and the mer- cury has ranged lrom forty-IIvo to eighty eight Sovernl times terrlflo storms of wind have come up lrom the north-west; but although on these occasions the sky 1ms been always very overcast but little rain has followed. The heat on two or three days has been rather oppressive, and somewhat unseasonable at this period of the year. The Lachlan Is now almost unprc cedentedly high, and a great extent of flat country is under water. The Lachlan can now bo seen In its very best condition, and it la quite apparent that no steamboat, unless of miniature size, will ever be able to uavlgnte It -, and even such a boat will \- have to commenoe tho voyago from a spot at least a dozen miles above tho mouth, as tho first portions ol the Lachlaa con- sist solely of numerous creeks ruuniug through denso reed beds. The Murrumbidgee, after being very high for some time past, is now falling very rapidly, nua tho roads, bo long impassable owing to the water, will apparently bo very soon aguln fit for trafilo. Shearing ia now being commenced in this district, and as there is plenty of water for washing, and Hue weather for drying the steep, but little delay has as yet been experienced. Particular attention Is being paid to the washing this year, as in previous years many of the parcels of wools have realised only second-rate prices, owing to their want of cleanness. Herald's Correspondent DEATIt UNDER SUSPICIOUS CIRCUMSTANCES.-An inquest was held before the City Go- oner, on Tuesday, on tho body of Mr. George Lunn, which had been found floating in the har- bour on Sunday morning The evidence was lengthy. It ap- peared that Mr. Lunn was a squatter, and had been transact- ing some station business in Sydney. Ho was a man of rather reserved habits, and had not shown any indications of a ten- dency to suidde. He had been lodging at the Edinburgh Castle, Pitt and Bathurst Streets. On Saturday last be took tea at his lodgings, and left at about seven In tbe evening. Between eight audnlno o'clock he had some sherry at the Emu Inn, and took the money with which ho paid for it from a pocket-book which he replaced in lils breast pocket Ills watch chain was observed on lils person at the time. He used to wear a silver watch or some value, a gold chain, and a gold ring. He was rather " fresh" when ho felt the Emu Inn. He was next seen In Batburst-street, about ten o'clock, between the Emu Inn and the Edinburgh Castle, in close conversation with two women ; and a tow minutes afterwards he was seen near the Edinburgh Castle, in conversation with one woman only, and she appeared to be using persuasion oi some kind. Tbe next morning at about half-past seven, the chief officer of a vessel in the harbour saw lils body floating about 150 yards from Fort Macquarie, And had It towed alongside. The Water Police then conveyed It ashore. The deceased was still holding his walking stick in bis hand ; but neither pocket-book, watcb, chain, nor ring could be found upon him, His death appeared, from a post mortem examination, to have been caused by drowning ; there were no marks or violence or traces ot poison- ing. Tho jury returned the following verdict ¡-" We find that the deceased, George Lunn, aged filtv- five, was lound drowned under suaplolous circumstances,'una we consider tho matter ought to be further Investigated."-Abridged from the SM. Herald, Oct. 16. Inspection of Arms.-A general inspection was beldycs terday by Colonel Kempt, nt the Volunteer Barracks, Hydo Park, of all the arms issued to the Sydney Battalion. Al- though not, iu oil respect«, perfectly satisfactory, we learn that, on the whole, there is not much room for complaint as to the condition of the arms consigned to the keeping of our volun- teers. The inspection was conducted with much care and minuteness, and occupied a great portion ot the afternoon. Empire, Oct. 16. Arrest in the Citv bv the Detectivt Police.-In pursuance of a telegram received by the Inspector-General of Police, from Burrangong, on Monday, Inspector Carnes, of the detective police, succeeded in arresting yesterday, in Macquarie atreet Mr. George James, formerly landlord of the Royal Oak, in Pitt-street on the chargo ot absconding from his bail. Mr. James, It appears, was brought betöre the police bench at Bur- rangong, and committed for trial at Vus?, on the charge ol ob- taining money under false pretences. Ho was released from custody on bait, but from tbo circumstance of his coming to Sydney his arrest was tho consequence.-ampire, Oct 16. Congregational Home Missionary- Societv.-The an- nual publia meeting ol tbe Congregational Home Missionary Sodety was held on the Ulli instant in tho Pitt-street Church, Mr. Fairfax in the chair. The Kev. W. Cuthbertson read the report. The report though intimating that the society waa precluded by its constitution from active operations in Queens- land, stated that Briibaue and Ipswich were both self-support- ing, and the Hoy. Mr. Savage had entered onlhis labours at Rockhampton. In New South Wales, the station of the Rev. Mr. Charter, at Wollongong, was in a very satisfactory condi- tion. The Rev. Mr. Gainsford continued to labour with accep- tance and means at Newcastle, where n minister's house was in course of erection, on land granted by the A. A. Company. The church at Maitland showell signs of advancement in every department of its affairs. The Rev. T. Johnson, late of Mary- borough, Victoria, lind received the pastoral charge ot the Bourke-street (Sydney) Church, and commenced his labours with great encouragement The Rev. J. A. Veitch had been called to exercise his ministry at Woolahra. The church at Balmain waa still without pastoral oversight. The Itev. Mr. Watt formerly of Belfast College, had commenced his labours at the Manning River; and the Rev. Mr. Wilson and his con- grégation at Gerringong had declared themselves in union with the Congregational body. From several Important districts * calls for help had been received ; but from want of men and money, the committee had been compelled to lay those appli- cations aside. The preaching stations occupied by lay agents in Sydney and tho suburbs afforded much encouragement. Six such stations were supplied by the gratuitous services ol twelve brethren. Tho report rele-rred to the difficulty with which efforts to obtaiu ministers from Eugland had been attended, and pointed out the desirability ol raising a ministry for the colonies within the colonies themselves, In conjunction with tho Importation ot men of ripo judgment and character lrom Great Britain, and fresh from Its elevated associations. Tho balance sheet showed upwards of £40 In hand. On the mo- tion ot tbe Rev. W. Slatyer, seconded by tho Rev. T. Johnston, the report waa adopted and ordered to be printed and circulated ; and lue officers aud committee tor tbe ensuing yeur were ap- pointed. On the motion ol the Rev. S. C. Kent, scoouded by the Rev. Mr. Veitch, It was resolved-"That this meeting, firmly holding that the Gospel is 'the power of God unto salvation,* and that God Is pleased 'through the foolishness of preaching to save them that believe,' Uof opinion, notwith- standing the ' oppositions or scle-ucc falsely so called,' that the Divine Revelation, which it is our privilege to possess, is adequate to meet man's spiritual wants, and, employed and applied by the Holy Ghost, through tho agency of the Church, is destined io surmount every obstado, and triumph over every enemy." On the motion of the Rev. W. Cuthbertson, seconded by the Rev. Mr. Charter, it was resolved :-" That this meeting, while not unmindful ol tho debt ol gratitude whioh Howes to tho Great Head ot the Church, tor that measure of success which has attended the past operations of this society, and for the prosperous condition of tho several stations originated through Its instrumentality, some or willoh are still in port sustained by its funds, desires moro Tully to realise its responsibility in relation to tbo neglected districts of Now South Wales -. and hereby pledges itself to earnest prayer and renewed and increased exertion to supply additional labourers, and to fulfil the obligations wbich rest upon us, in common with other branches of the Christian Church, lu reference to tho inhabitants of this colony." The benediction was then S renounced, and the meeting separated.-Abridged from the : M. Herald, Oct. 16, _ 