AUSTEALASlA'^^SCH'YA^fkETflO D1ST COiSEERESCE. We haveral^ypo^u^^fromSydu^journais an account ^f 'thVrecepUon *bf 'Dri Johspn inrthat city. We-- nowr.contmuelfrom:-.thJBr-C!W»St«i» Advocate ithej'rerinttinfr*!«k-TiwJU^;w^iA«' *i ? Conference. ^ . , .. _„ , ... r.v;' The address:ha^g'ibe'^'*.rSd'-t6-the'1Con ierence, ?-''? ??-'- ':? -?????'? ?? \\-^v.. -,':' ??:???? lo^S iHl1 'Dr.;.J;OBSO}r:*snake:.af '. considerable length.to the; ministers assembled, in terms whicli frequently elicited .outbursts' of response from hi' joyful hearers.' He- expressed his thanks for the ^rykiBd and true fraternal welcome given to him py the Conference, and his fear that with the tumult of strong emotions raging within he would not be able to reply suitably to the greetings and salutations he had received If it were asked why the Methodists of England rejoiced so greatly in their brethren and children so far away, he would SSShL^'8^ toefr .Christian and Methodist steadfastness. They had been careful to rest on the old and tried foundations. They had had respect to spiritual living godliness within thesouL to_iamily religion, and family worship, as their pastoral addresses, issued from year to year showed. They had inculcated growth in graca perfection in love, ' earnest effort for the con rersion of the ungodly, ^and liberal endeavours for the salvation of the heathen ih.the- butlvinK Iflandsaround them. These. were essentials in Methodism. Without them it would be but a name without /a reality, a shadow .without a substance. « u».uU wicwu vi uuiies anu sinews without a heart and vital motion. These essentials' must be held fast maU hemispheres, if Methodists would be faithful to God, and faithful to one another: . -? n^ i- their- '''Wl^dine hold upon them British ; Methodists rejoiced. Another reason for rejoicing before the Lord was found in the adherence on tliis side of the globe by Wesleyan ministers fo the old ?evangelical form of Methodist preaching. In England, as they would know, there had been attempts, under newly-coined terms and phrases ;to_ disguise the truth, and to present, as more ?original and attractive than the garb of St. Paul's, Martin Luther's, George Whitfields, and John Wesley s preaching the Gospel of Christ. Others, under professions of broad and catholic-but, in c^iPi'f005!'''6,^0^ Christian doctrines, had Th-fnl- r0^1?1*™'?.1 Chns'»anity of her living trutlis. Thank God! m England there had been no depar \- ture from old Methodist preaching by their brethren m the ministry, and he (the Doctor- was glad-to Know there had been equal stedfastness m the truth here. There would be diversity of gifts !in a living ministry. Poetry, philosophy, and narration would be found according to the jjnental characters of the ministers; but 9jat -nosegay style of. dressing up the Gospel ?? j a Publlc entertainment was a tmsel and a gaud offensive to ,God,-., and which man1 will soon nauseate, while a Chnstless Gospel was a mockery and a fraud, Tiie Coiiference at home not only toWtrullCbut to old TormTof S to common sense, and to their own Saxon language Another ? reason .. of thankful gratification was their care for the best interests of the young wowing up^iri these colonies. In England the wesleyans had been moved by events and cir cumstances to do so: They had found that they must do so, if they would riot be elbowed out of their places and station in the land. And lie was glad to have to report that in Great Britain both day and Sabbath schools had been multipUed in their number, and elevated in their character. I lie Doctor then referred to subjects named in the address of the .British Conference, and in the memorial sent to it from the Conference of Aus tralasia last year. He said the British Conference fully sympathized in the anxiety expressed for the supply of a duly qualified ministry. He observed —it is God's -prerogative to call and send forth emcient ministers. But as Dr. Bunting observed— (here the Doctor was* interrupted by a spontaneous burst of reverential feeling for the departed minis ter named, when he exclaimed fervently— Thank you for that expression of filial reverence for one who, if anywhere near earth, , is not far from this part of the work of God, on which his large mis sionary heart was set.) As Dr. hunting observed. A genuine revival will yield ministerial candi dates. It was so; for where churches were found quick and alive with spiritual feeling, and zealous for the 'Lord of Hosts, candidates lor the ministry would be among their fruits. At home it had been found so; hence the last year being- that of the greatest numerical increase, with one year's exception, had yielded the largest number of minis terial candidates. This legitimate fruit of churches baptized with the Holy Ghost and power British. Methodists prayed might be foundf more abun dantly inAustralasia, so that the crving wants of the colonies and of the islands of the Pacific might be more adequately supplied. The Conference of England was also in full sympathy with the Con ference in Australasia on an educated and efficient ministry. This object had been much considered and discussed by- the British Conference .lately. In thinking and speaking of it they did not mean that every efficient minister of the Go3pel must be, man. bucii a requirement would reflect upon the memory of some of the fathers and founders of Methodism, who though not in the school sense earned, yet possessed the best of knowledge, and knew how to employ it to the best advantage. But in these days ministers were required able to teach and lead forth their people in scriptural, experi mental, and practical knowledge, and that with such propriety and order of speech as should com mand their respect and attention. They must still cleave to- the principle thafiiow, as of old, God would call to preach and minister for Him from all ranks and classes of society. But in these days of facility for self -improvement, if a young man be lieving that he is called by the Holy Ghost to preach the Gospel does not avail himself of aids presented to him for self-improvement, he, in the Doctor's opinion, by that neglect disqualified himself. ^For while valuing elementary knowledge arid mental discipline, yet what minister' of power had not worked hard at self-improvement? All must do so' if they would not be drones in the hive of; Metho dism. The British Conference had acted upon this 'ground, and last' year rejected from the' US candidates for the ministry 20 of them ; and lie would say earnestly, ^and with a Voice that would reach all affiliated Conferences, if practicable, Do not take our leavings! Do not take incompetent, and lazy men; they will not benefit or serve you. Ihe brethren at home will help you to ministers as far as.they can, if you desire it. But, as declared in theianswer to your memorial, it shall henceforth only be with such as have. passed through all the usual -forms of recommendation and examination for linghsh circuits. They will also do what is practicable and proper in the supply of mission aries./ Of this, however, and of other matters named m your memorial, he must speak as the several subjects should arise in the order of pro ceeding. But he would observe, in conclusion, that Methodism qt home wasjiot only prosperous numerically, and in its funds, but it Was now .niore united, compact, and spiritually fruitful than; it had ever been before. Its ministry, too.was encouragmg. Some of the venerated forms remem bered by brethren there, had departed from the - Conference. Watson, Anderson, Lassey, Marsden, Keece, Dr. Newton, and Dr. Buntinst were gone And in some instances he could not say their places were filled up by single individuals. But God could put two or half a dozen men in the room of one, and thus carry on his work; On the average, and m the whole, there is 'more talent and power in the Methodist ministry at home than at any former'periqd. Some veteran fathers still remain to direct their counsels. Such ministers as Thos Jackson, Dr. Hannah, Dr. Dixon, John Scott, Isaac Keeling, Dr. Hoole, John Lomas. John% Farrar, and Franci9 West were still with them, as' were the men of middle life, such as Waddy, Stamp, Eattenbury, Dr. Osborn, Prest, Barrett, James, and Arthur. There were also promising younger men rising up, whose names were honoured in all churches, and whose eloquence and writing were known in all parts of Great Britain. The dis cussions of last Conference, somewhat lengthy perhaps on some matters, brought out great powers of debate, and gave promise of Methodist a-Ivocacy grateful to every lover of the brotherhood. For himself he hardly knew where he stood. He was brought up among, and methodistically educated, by the older men, and yet he was the companion of the middle-aged and the younger. The fathers on the one hand, were passing away one after another; hut, thank God! others are rising up in their stead- For fathers, brethren, and all the Methodists of the fatherland, he tendered to the Australasian Conference and to Australasian Me-' thoihsts loving and prayerfulgreetings, wishingthat they might soon be made a thousand times as many more as they are. The Eev. Doctor sat down amidst great applause, with which he had been often greeted during his address. It was found that twelve young men had com pleted -their term of probation, and were recom mended by their respective District Meetings to be received into full connection with the Conference The Conference record goes on to state that ten young brethren have completed the third year of their probation. Fifteen have travelled two years, and eight have travelled one year. Seven young men having been recommended by their respective District Meetings were received on trial by the Conference. The Eev. Mr. Waterhocsh; from South Aus tralia, gave notice that he would, at the conveni ence of the Conference, move the following reso lution:— . ; '.That all candidates for our ministry, who are recommended to lie received on trial, shall preach in the presence of. at least three of the ministers of the District Committee (at or about the time of its annual meeting), to be selected by the Chair man, exclusive of the Superintendents by whom the candidates are respectively proposed. A special report of the sermons shall be made in the District Meeting: and they shall be further required to furnish the District Committee with a manuscript couv of one of their sermons.' The Eev. T. B. Harris gave notice that it was his purpose to submit the following resolution for the consideration of the Conference :— 'That some measures be devised for establish in? a Connectiqnal Fund for the education and training of candidates for our ministry.' The subjoined extracts from the proceedings of the Conference relate to matters of general interest, which were discussed on various days between the 20th and 30th pf January :— .The President of Conference requested the Eev. Dr. Jpbson to conduct the theological exami nation of the two candidates for the Ordination re sident m this district. The Brethren Woolnourii and Orton were then examined at considerable length by the Doctor. The examination was most satisfactory, and the candidates were unanimously received into full connection with the Conference The candidates of the other districts were then re ceived by the formal vote of the Conference, and the respective Chairmen were directed to proceed with their ordination as soon as convenient A lengthened conversation arose on.the state of the Fnendlv Islamb Mission, and the Conference finally concluded that it was necessary that some senior missionary should be sent to take charse of that important mission. After serious andnaU'ent consideration the Conference resolved— ' That in its judgment the experience, and circumstances of the Eev. W. J. Dans render him the most eligible, and that he be appointed to the Friendly Island* District' ... ? _-.. The conversation on the mahasrerneaf of the foreign missions was resumed, and the- opinions' of many members of the Conference were freelv ex pressed. The discussion terminated in the unani mous adoption of the following 'resolution'1— - - ?'? ' That the reply of the British Conference lp the' memorial of the last Australasian Conference be respectfullv received and entered on our minutes but the Conference desires that the B«v Dr' Jobson, having heard full explanations by this Conference, shouldrepreseht to theEnglish Con ference the practical difficulties in the working of our missions referred to in our memorial, in the hope that some arrangement may be mutually agreed upon for meeting the exigencies of the case.' A discussion arose on the importance of training native ministers and teachers, and it was resolved that 80W. be placed on the estimates {or the next yearfdr the training of native young men,4 undei the direction of the Chairman of the Auckland District -]-' ~ . -:? ' 'Estimatea 'Revenue for 1861— ' New South Wales District ... '...£3,000 0 D Victoria . ? 3,000 0s 0 South- Australia .J ? 1,000 '0^0 Tasmania1 ... , ? 800 0*0 Auckland-' ? , ? 250 0 0 Wellington-...' ' ... ? ? 230 0 0 Friendly Islands ... - ' ? 200 '0 0 Fejeelblands ? ? 50 0 0 Proceeds of oil, Friendly Islands and Fejee District ... ..- ? 3,000 0'6 '?.?'-- £11,530 0 0 The estimated Expenditure Auckland District... - ? £2,708 8 0 Wellington do. ? - ? 1,389 15 0 Friendly Islands do ? '... 2.3S2 13 0 Fejee Islands do ? StfOb' 3 0 Expenses of 'John Wesley' ? 1,800 0 0 General expenses ? 900 0 0 Keturned missionaries and children 898 7 6 Chinese Mission, Victoria ? 200 0 0 Od-tanks ? ... .y ... ... 150 0 0 . The Conference proceeded to consider the nume rical returns of the members of the Church. The following were given in and approved:— £ a — ? -5 e» to cs w \- ;.- Districts. -g ?-§ g '3 ?-? ' ' d. I -5 I - New South Wales ... 3,820 215 449 — South Australia ? 2,841 2«2 526 — Western Australia ... Ill 16 l — Tasmania' ? oa'' 68 '51 - Wellington .... - .... 674 _? 74. 204' Friendly Islands... .-.. a 230 356 539 - Fejee Islands ? .10,324 609 5,308 — .- T^Js ? ? ~33,9&4 2,248 7,637 4«4 Net increase./. ... ,... ...... . 1 784 The Fund for the Education of Ministers' Chil dren was then brought before the Committee. The Rey/W.: Butters, the Treasurer, read thebalance slieet for the past year, which was unanimously' ^proved, by. the Committee.. The thanks of ? the committee were'unanimously accorded to the Trea surers, the Eev. W- Butters and J. Colton, Esq., or then- services, and they were reappointed to their othce. ? ;? ' , . The sittings of the Conference were.expected to last several days longer. - ? -- ? ?- It is the present intention of Dr. Jobson, we earn to spend Sundays, theJ7th .and 24th March, in Adelaide. . -? ? r ? ' ? . . 