ORIGINAL POETRY. THE BLACK CAPTAIN. (A HIGHLAND LEGEND, FOUNDED ON FACT.) Listen! I will a tale unfold, Just as the tale to me was told, By my old, hoary Highland guide, While seated by Loch Laggan side. In yonder ruin you behold, Dwelt the Black Captain, fierce and bold; Although deserted it appears, Untenanted for fifty years; Yet oft as chimes the midnight bell, Is heard-----but first the tale I'll tell. In moody, silent solitude, In manner harsh, of gloomy mood; All peace seem'd from his bosom flown, His smile—his followers ne'er had known; His very gaze with fear appall'd, Thus "The Black Captain" he was call'd. But there were tales these followers told Which made the heart with horror cold; Of deeds they scarcely dared to name, Of wifeless husband, widow'd dame; And many a deed of blood they said, Till nightly haunted was his bed; So, few approach'd him but with fear, But shunn'd whene'er his step was near; For crime was stamp'd upon his brow, And lent his gaze a direful glow. 'Twas on a wild and stormy night, The moon shone out with sickly light; The bell had rung the latest chime Mark'd on the dial date of time; The wind howl'd dismal from the north When he to yonder glen went forth— Amid that angry storm—alone, As if to hear the forest moan; Still on,--with hasty step he went, As if on some dread errand bent. His followers gaz'd, with straining eyes, With trembling frames, in mute surprise; For well they deem'd, at such an hour, When goblins haunt both hall and bow'r; As down that glen they saw him range, 'Twas something frightful—something strange: At length he stopped—and then they saw A sight that iced their blood with awe. A figure, slow, majestic, staid, In solemn garb of death array'd; With hideous visage, ghast and pale As snow new driv'n on winter's gale; Approach'd and met the terror'd sight, Of that lone wand'rer of the night— While there his followers silent scan, The spectre and the living man. Nor did they e'er forget the scene, That passed that awful pair between; The spectre rais'd its fleshless hand, In attitude of stern command;— The wand'rer—who in foreign war, Could boast of many an honour'd scar; First in the fight when foes assailed, While 'neath his bright claymore they quail'd, Stood crouch'd before that spectre there, The piteous image of despair; With eyes averted, hands upreared, To those who witness'd—it appear'd As if for mercy he besought, Which that grim spectre laugh'd to nought; But still with angry voice and threat, It seem'd to claim some horrid debt; And with a fearful frown convey'd Some mandate, that must be obey'd. The wand'rer did not dare to raise His eyes to meet the spectre's gaze; But stood as motionless and still, As stands the rock on yonder hill; Until again 'twas still around And he no longer heard the sound Of those dread accents from the dead, He slowly raised his drooping head; The moon revealed his features wan, He wildly stared—the ghost was gone. Wild wav'd his hair—unbonnetted, He homeward hied,—or rather fled— His trembling household shunn'd his sight, As if he was himself a sprite. And if a few amongst them dared To tend his wants, or for him cared— 'Twas done in silence, not a word By master, servant, e'er was heard— All was as quiet as the tomb As if each fear'd same coming doom. Again 'twas night, and o'er the scene The bright moon spread its silver'd sheen; Again the wand'rer wander'd forth,— Again the wind shriek'd in the North; Again the watchers viewed aghast The bloodless spectre of the past;-- Again the midnight chime was peal'd, Again they felt their life congeal'd-- Again with wonderment they saw What filled them yesternight with awe. Again those bony fingers shook, Again the ghastly angry look— The threat'ning arm was seen again, Once more was mercy sued in vain:— Once more his hall received his tread— Again he sought his haunted bed. The morn came round, but with it brought A mighty change the night had wrought: The dark Black Captain was no more What he appeared to be before;— His spirits seem'd refresh'd and new, The gloom he from his brow o'erthrew— Lively he spake, with laughing face, And smil'd with such a winning grace, And greeted all with kindly word, Such as they ne'er before had heard; And utter'd words with pleasing voice, Making his followers so rejoice As made them all, bewildered, deem That all the past was but a dream. "What ho! at length he cried, what ho! "To-morrow we a-hunting go! "The red deer basks in solitude, "Fleet lord of yonder hoary wood; "Rouse ye the deer--your guns prepare, "To-morrow's dawn shall see us there. "'Neath the stone hut the deer we slay, "Shall furnish us with Hougmanay;"* "This night we will begin to trace The deer in yonder hunting place." 'Twas on last century's last night, When snow lay round enspangled bright-- When the dark chieftain and his men, Wended their way down yonder glen-- Up the hill side, by yon wild flood, * New Year's Day Gift. Until they reached the hunting wood ; Their laugh rang merry, loud and clear. Bold hunters! off to chase the deer. Oh, never more that gallant train, Be turned from that sad chase again; The coronach you still may hear That greeted then the hunters' bier; Oft may ye hear the dismal wail 'Neath cottage roof,—But to my tale— Day followed day—no tidings came, Night grew on night, but still the same; No one had seen nor any heard Aught save the shriek of mountain bird— Of those who, daring, did intrude Upon the forest solitude. One night, at length, there floated by, By yon same hall—a mournful cry— A low, unearthly, dismal wail, Like the low sobbing of the gale; And when was ope'd that fated door, Not entered there the lost or poor, But one poor hound, their chieftain's beast, Who scarce would make an eagle's feast; So poor, so weak—so starved and thin, No flesh between the bones and skin— With hair erect, affrighted, lamed— Weary and bloody, worn and maimed; The story of the hunter's fate, That hound, though dumb, could well relate. The tale went round Loch Laggan side, And then the forest far and wide; Was sought by many a heart and hand, To find the chieftain and his band; Cautious and slow, with timorous tread They follow'd where the sleuth-hound led, And reached the stony hut at last. Then sadden stopp'd, amaz'd, aghast— For there the hunters all were found, Dead, stiff, and cold upon the ground; Each body mangled, torn, and rent, Each weapon twisted, broke or bent: That massy hut of pond'rous stone Was crush'd and crumbled, quite o'erthrown. Amidst the dead the chieftain lay, His face half buried in the clay: 'Twas thus they found the hunting band, Destroyed by some mysterious hand. And ever since ye oft may hear The shout of hunters loud and clear, With shrieks that all around appals Resound at midnight thro' those halls. Such was the story of my guide, While seated by Loch Laggan side. OSSIAN MACPHERSON. Hamilton, August, 1861. NOTE.—In the neighbourhood of Loch Laggan, there are still some persons in existence who re- member all the extraordinary circumstances as above related. The 'last night of the last century,' was the last time the Black Captain and his hunters were seen alive. For reasons of my own, I have refrained from mentioning the names of either per- sons or localities. 