TOWN TALK. 'Flio following appeared last evening as a Gazette Extraordinary , from which it will he eeen, that -Parliament is discharged from its meeting and attendance on the 17th inst., tho ""J »i«u" it etooa prorogued ; that the Assembly is dissolved ; that writs are to be issued for tho oloction of mcmbors for a new Assembly bearing date, Monday next, tho 15th of July ; and that those writs are made return able for Monday, tho 26th of August " Government Gazette Extraordinary, "lurther proroquino parliament and dissolving the legislative assembly. " Proclamation.— By His Excellency Sir Henry Barkly, Knight Commander of tho Mo3t Honourable Order of tho Bath, Captain- General and Govcrnor-in-Chiof of tho Colqjiy of Victoria, aud Vico-Admiral of the same, &c.;, &c.;, &c.; " Whereas thoParliamont of Victoria nowstands prorogued to, "Wednesday, tho seventeenth day of J uly instant : And whereas it is expedient to dissolve tho Legislative Assembly: Now therefore I, Sir Henry Barkly, the Governor of Victoria, in exercise of tliq power iu me vested in this behalf, do, by this my proclama tion, discharge tlio honourable tho members of tho Legislative Council, and the members of the Legislative Assembly, from their meeting and attendance or tbo said "Wednesday, tho seventeenth day of July instant; and I do dissolve tho Legislative Assem bly, which is hereby diBBolved accordingly . And inasmuch as it is desirablo that Parlia ment should bo summoned without delay, I do hereby declare that X havo given order that writs bo issued in due form, and according to law, for tho election of members to bo duly returned to serve in tho Legislative Assembly which writs aro to bear date on Monday, the - fifteenth day of July instant, and to bo re turnable on Monday, tho twenty- sixth day of August now next ensuing. " Given under my hand and seal of the colony, at Melbourne, this eleventh day of July, in tho year of our Lord' one thousand eight hundred and sixty.ono and in tho twenty-fifth year of Her Majesty's roign. ty-3-) "Henry Barkly. By His Excellency's command, "B. IIeales, .God save the Queen i" Tho mail steamer Benares was signalled off Cape Otwny at half-past seven yesterday even ing, and was oxpectcd to reach tho Heads nt about four o'clock this morning. Mr. Vincent Pykc lias addressed nil nngry — and therefore n foolish — letter to tho Casllo- mnino journals, wherein ho undertakes to correct tho report given in this journal of tho now-famous lust sccno in tho lato Legislative Assembly. Tho vnluo of Mr. Pyko's correct ions will bo judged of by this brief extract from his letter : — "It (the touring up of tho speech) was one of thoso mistakes to which men of warm temperament aro liable in moments of intense excitement." That is to say, Mr. Pyko under takes now to report with critical minuteness all that lie said and did in "a moment of intonso excitement," and ho Bets his statement against that of a calm and perfectly impnrtinl spectator of tho whole scene. J UBt so does a gentleman in a police court, who has been in a stato of "intonso excitement" on the previous evening, contradict and correct tho statement of tho impcrturbiiblo bus intrusivo policeman, who lias had the audacity to bring him up before tho bench and the public to answer for his excited snyings and doings 1 Tlio bench nnd tlio public gonerally rnnko a very short, elmiq > and decisive judgment as between tho intonsely excited gentleman and the pnssivo policeman 1 Iu our opinion, — and wo think wo are impar tial — Mr. Pyko will liavo more reason, in his calmer moments, to regret his angry and foolish letter than even his " intenso excitement" on tho occasion of tho prorogation. How did ho fail to porceivo, if bo only took tho simplo pre caution of rending his own lettor after lie had written it, — how did ho fail to perceive, we ask, that in contradicting , ho just substantiated ovcry partioulnr in the truthful paragraph that has bo moved his wrath against The lleralil 1 "Tho impression here," writes one of Mr. Pyko's late constituents to a Onstlcmnino jour nal, "with reference to JJr. Pyko's explana tion, or rather vindication, is, that lie would have done, well to have adopted the maxim ' tho least said soonest mended.' Allusions to the ' carpet danco' aro not infrequent at Chew- ton.' " ' This Forest Creek elector is, wo must say, for this once a most satisfactory exponent of public opinion! - The Exploration Committee met again yes terday for the purposo of receiving tho report of tho sub-committco appointed at tho mooting on Tuesday last, relative to tho proposition of. sending a party by sea to the Albert Hirer The committee in their report recommended that a vessel of about five hundred tons should bo chartered at Newcastle to convoy a party of eight, with horses, forage, coals, etc., to tlio Albert lliver, and that she should bo accompa nied by the Victoria steam sloop carrying stores for Mr.Walker's overland party, aud tho necessary equipment of the transport party. Tlio com mittee also recommend that application should be made to the Government for L3000, to defray tho cxponso of this doublo expedition. A lengthened discussion ensaed as to whether Mr. "Walker's party should bo countormandedi but no decision was come to. The report was then adopted, and a deputation was appointed to wait on tho Chief Secretary to submit tho report and ascertain whether the Government would consent to place the sum of L3000 on the estimates next session, for tlio purposes of the expedition, Mr. Eitzgibbon addressed a mooting of tho . electors of South Bourkc at Gibson's hotel, Oakleigli last evening ; Mr. Wis. Johnson in tho clmir. After tho candidate had concluded his speech, and had answered a number of questions, it was resolved unanimously that he was a fit and pi-opor person to represent the district in Parliament. Mr. Alexander Mackenzie of Belmont has consented; it is said, to stand for Eo9t Geelong, and an influential committee is about being formed to secure his return. About fifty or sixty of the friends of Mr. O'Brien assembled, last evening, ot the Clare Cnstlo hotel, Stcpheii atreet, when a large and influential committco was appointed, for the purposo of securing that gentleman's election for East Melbourno. Mr. G. W. Patterson, ono of tho members of the Mining Board for Dunolly, will offer him self for election for Maryborough. " Mr. Duffy," says tho Warrnambool Examiner, " will visit this district as soon as tho dates for Villiers and Hcytesbury Elections are published, which cannot now bo far distant. In contradiction of tlio reports now afloat, that Mr. Dufly intends to bring a Melbourne nominee to oppose Mr. Ireland, wo can sny, from all wo can learn, that Mr. Ireland thinks 'discretion tbo hotter part of valour,' and does not intend contesting Villiers and Heytcsbuij\" For some weeks past Dr. Cuirns's church has beon undergoing somo important altera tions. The floor of tbo building has been ehortonod by sixteen foot ; and the ceiling, which formerly extended to tho apex of tho roof, has been closod in by a plaster' ceiling. Those alterations will effect a great mprovemcnt in tho acoustic properties of tlio building, which hitherto havo been very defective. A little ornamentation lias also been made on tho interior, by tho formation of decorative arcliwork behind tho pulpit and over tbo doors on each side loading to the vestry. Tho alterations being bo far completed as to allow of tho re-opening of tlio building for public worship on Sunday next, the occasion was celebrated yesterday evening by a con gregational service. There were between five nnd Bix hundred porsons present. After tea tho Rev. Dr. Cairns, Hov. Mr. Henderson, Ballnarat ; Rev. Mr. Sunderland, Rev. Mr Adams, tho Hov. Mr, Draper, Mr. D. Ogilvie, and Mr. Butchart, who 'occupied tho platform, erected against thn south wall of tho building, delivered addresses appro- priato to tho occasion. Tho alterations, it was stated, had cost about L1000, of which there was L2I8 18s 2d remaining due. This balance, it was expected, would bo clenred off by subscriptions at tho meeting yesterday even ing. The Hahart Town Mercury of the 3rd in. stant reports tho discovery of a seam of cool twelve feet thick at Mount Nioholas. A seam eight feet thick on tho Douglas Elver was discovered some 'time since. Hero s a fact for the protectionists, in their own land of protection, which it would bo well for them to ponder before they boast further of tlio United States tariff:-'' Shoemakers Superseded.— A manufactory lias beon estab- iisliod at Haverhill, U.S., in which nearly every part of tho shoo iB mado by machinery. Twenty-five persons produce, by this means,' GOO pairs of shoes daily. All tho stitching is done by sowing-machines, run by steam. The shoes manufactured in this factory are 'pegged,' and every operation, except fitting the shoo to the last, even to tho final polishing and cutting the pegs out of tho inside, to prevent them from hurting tho foot, is per formed by machinery. One of "tlio greatest curiosities is tho pegging machine, which inserts the awl, outs out tho peg from a strip of wood: and drives thorn in, nil at ono opratioT so rapidly that it will peg two rows around?:,'1 solo of a shoo in twonty seconds. Tho fnoiliii in this manufactory ore such that the calfskin and solo leather can bo token tlio basement of tho building, andinlinlf1" r hour t unied out in tho form of a complete of shoes." . lair ; Somo of our suburban readers will reconi' ' an oldoquaiutanco in — 1 the lone norsr. ' ' ' " Mim's faithful friend,'' is a character wh l tho dog lias long enjoyed ; and many a his|0? ' has been written of his constancy and der ? t-iori. But the liorao also has his records of 'faithful and enduring service— of patient and lasting affection; nnd it may bo doubted whether wore ho as capablo of being made domestic pet ns bis canino rival, ho would not ? soon competo successfully with liirn for flfSt place in our csloom. Of tho horse's devotio to his master, hero is a little illustration, the main facts of which muBt bo knoiv to many residents of St. Kilda. At tho com" I mencoment of tho wot season, a dray was on, | morning observed on the ground which no ? forms tlio bed of tho lagoon near tho St I JKildn Railway Station. Tho water during t,0 ; rainy night lihd collected to a depth of about I a foot, and in tlio midst of it tlio veliiolo rested I on its shafts. A horse, too, was scon fccdin» 1 on tho scrubby grass around , tho lagoon, and little was thought of tho matter. But dajs and weeks pass by, and the dray still stands' in tho flood, which continues to increase, and to expand farther and farther from it. Tha dark liorso is' there, still sauntering round the salt lako, nibbling tho coarse weeds for a whilei throwing an occasional look at tho old drav and nibbling again. More days and weeks pass by, and the lagoon continues to enlarge. Tho poor, old liorso. hangs upon tho water's edge, but lie is gaunt and shaggy now. Be glances wistfully at tlio more distant dray, and looks around for that raastor who has so often harnessed liirn to tlio old drag. But ho conies no moro with food, or rudo words of kindness, Cold aro the days, and wintry tho nights The. lono liorso still hovers about tho lagoon The brackish water and tho rank gras3 barely keep life within him ; but ho loses not sight of that old dray,— many nliard day's toil though it has given liirn ! It grows smaller tohissiekly vision, for tlio increasing waters leave it moro and more distant from liiin. But he ceases not to look for it. Where is that rough hut wcleome voico which sometimes encouraged his hard efforts under a heavy load, and some, times reproached him with eovero threats and worse blows? Wliero is that voice,— for whether kind or unkind, it was that of hij only friend, and belonged to tlio hand that fed him, cro tho weary day began, and when the welcome evening came 1 That master comes I not, hut tho lono liorso still patiently awaits | him with hunger and thirst. Ho espies tho soft green grass ill the distance, and others of his kind are luxuriously feeding there. Yet will ho not leave tho edge of that mysterious lake, from whence he anxiously looks for his old master to emerge, and lead him again to that rude eontrivanoo in wliioh he may onco moro help him in liis daily labours. But that master returns no more. Drenching rains and piercing winds, unslaked thirst and wasting hunger, are fast do in"1 their work. A gaunt, dark shadow creeps slower aud slower around tho waters, — tho one object which yet links it with tho memory of its lost master is Still there. Will that master never | rouse himself from his long slumber beneath that well-watched dray ? It seemcth iuA\ j But over that silent lake his-misorablc, faithful friend still lingers like a ghost.- His Btcps I grow more and more feeble, aGd tho spreading lagoon drives him farther and fartlior back into tlio sandy scrub. Yet will tlio lone horse not forsake tlint spot, nor lose sight of that old dray. No 1 not until, with long-suffering and watching, he drops down into that dark lagoon, and sleeps tho sleep of death, it may be with his- master ! Tlio following is from yesterday's Geelong Advertiser : — " Air. J. D. Wood has received requisitions from Kyneton and Williamstown, but we understand it is not his 'intention to seek for a now constituency if his past legisla tive ' career meets tho approbation of tbo electors of Bcechworth. With him, as no doubt with tho loading members of tho Oppo sition, it is considered premature to issue any address at present.' Ab tho Ministry are the persons who havo appealed to tho country, it is' but propor to wait until thoy havo laid be fore tho country tlio grounds on which they appealed to it. Ministers on tho other hand await tlio movement of the Opposition mid somo expression of opinion from tho country as to what policy would bo palatablo before venturing an appeal. Tho game of fast and loose cannot bo played much longer, and in all probability the Chief Secretary will bo required to meet his constituents and avow his intention not only as their re presentative but a3 the head of tho Administration. A strong opposition against his return is organising, and should it provo correct that Mr. Sumner will opposo him there are many chances against Mr. Hoalcs return." In tho Old Court, -yesterday, His Honour Chief J ustice Stawell delivered judgment in tho case of Horno v. Gilles, and allowed tho appeal. Tlio following is from yesterday's Eallaarat Star:—" The applications for 20-acro allot ments ore falling off considerably. Several persons who mado application somo time ago are now, liowover, renewing their applications iu conformity with tho regulations that liavo been issued by tlio Board of Land and Survey. Somo 'of tlio applicants wo hear liavo made application for portions of gazetted commons." Tho . convict Henry Cooloy, sentenced to death for tiio murder of his wifo at Hcathcote, , was executed yestorday morning at the Mel bourno jail. When placed on the drop he sent for tho reportors, as ho wished, ho said, mako a statement. Tho culprit then mode a full confession of liiB guilt, and admitted tho justice of his sentence. On tho night previous ho also -made a full confession, a copy of which will be found appended to tho report in another column. . The members of tho Alelbourno Hunt Club liavo decided that tho hounds shall meet ot Oaklcigh on Saturday, 13th instant, at nine o'clock, sharp. At tho Williamstown Folico Court, yester day, Alary Wrixon was brought lip charged with tho murdor of hov infant child. Threo or four witnesses, including tho medical attendant, wero examined to provo tho existence of tho infant whose sudden and mysterious disappearance first gave rise to suspicion against the unhappy mother. The investigation stands postponed to tlio 27th instant, to which date tho prisoner is remanded. The following is a list of names from which twonty will bo chosen to proceed to Geelong to-morrow for tho purposo of playing Ik' ..turn match with the Gcclongcso Messrs. B Morrison, B. W. Wardill, H. C. Harrison , X- H. Smith, G. M. Nicholls, J- TTpfilh J. B. Bator, H. Thompson, W. Cameron, W. Lucas, E. 0. Amsinck, W. ti liorlv A. Hope, S. CosBtict, G. Slioosmith, Abbott, B. M. Smith, W. Bayer, T. W. Sutton, A. May, G. Elliott, G. Marshall, J. Russell, J- M'Grcgor, J. B. Eussoll, J. W. Greig, W. Hammcrsloy, J. Sheik, H. K. Woolley. The Allvry Banner, of tho 3rd inst,, says, I It has lived a whole twelve months, and, humanly speaking, dosen't see why it may not ECC another anniversary." "Why Bhould it ? Tho Lord Bishop of Melbourne delivered A lecture last evening in St. Paul's School, Swanstou street, on " Darwin's theory of the ori"in of species." The attendance, notwith- tending the- unfavourable nature of the weather, was very numerous, and His Excel lence tho Governor presided. The tendency ofliis Lordship's lecture was to bIiow that Darwin's theory was inconsistent with tho Inown natural laws,, and tho divino truth revealed by the scriptures. " Ho said Darwin's theory had found some favour uartly from rcl'8'ous sceplioism, partly from tho reputation of Darwin as a naturalist, and partly from "10 very amusing contents of the hook. At tho conclusion of tho lecture, which aeemed to deeply interest tho audience, Dr. jnags moved a voto of thank9 to tho Bishop, which was seconded, and carried by pcelama- tion. Tho Lord Bishop, in returning thanks, said that tho lectur.o had been intended for the Sunday School Institute, but it had assumed a lomowhat different character j whilo ho felt obliged to Bis Excellency for taking the clinir it inndo liim a littlo nervous in delivering his lecture before liim, as His Exccilcnoy was so much a better naturalist than himself. Ho concluded by moving n vote of thanks to His Excellency, which was carried by acclamation- A collection was made on behalf of the Sunday School Institute, and tho proceedings then tenninatod. Mrs; Evoresto ( nee Miss Alice Marryatt) lectured at the Mochanios' Institute, last even ing, upon tho life and writings of her father, the late Captain Marryatt. Tho lady formorly appeared beforo a Mclbourno audience, and rehicved some amount of doubtful popularity on tho platform by narrating tho life and achievements of Lola Montes. It is sufficient on tho present occasion to say tlmt in the treat ment of her subject tho fair lecturer appeared to ho prompted by veneration and enthusiasm for tho delightful author from whom she drew her inspiration ; and the illustrations she gavo of his power and versatility as a writer woro selected from his numerous and widely- known works with a nice discrimination. The original mattor of tho lecture was really nbovo average merit, and was in exceeding good taste. Tho Hon. tho Post master-General (Dr. Macadam) occupied tho choir, and, in conveying tho thanks of the audience to tho lady, he took occasion to assure those present that they had really listened to "a Marryatt." Tins lie stated upon tno assurance of a scientific friend — at whoso instance ho presided — who was himsolf a connection of tho Marryatt family. Mr. Ambrose Kyto lias granted gratuitously tho use of the Theatre Boyal for n dramatic performance, in nidof the funds of the Benevo lent Asylum, to tako place on Saturday, 3rd August, when "Loyo'b SncriCee," and an afterpiece, will ho performed by tho Garrick Club. i Beethoven does not appear to have enter- B turned any vory exalted idea of the talents of 9 the great musical composers who wero his con temporaries. According to his estimate, Bossini was merely "a good scene painter.'' Posterity will doubtless be more liberal in its- pronunciation upon the qualifications of the inventor of the music of " Scmiramcdo" and "Guillaumo Tell." Mozart's "Don Giovanni'' Beethoven decidod was spoilt by tho Italian cut and style, and further declarcdin l-eforenco to that opera that " tho sacred art Bhould not suffer itself to ho degraded to tlio foolery of so scandalous a subject." The sarcasm was in' tended for Carl Maria Ton Webor, whose a " Freiseliutz" was at tho timo in the zenith of 9 its popularity, and of whoso artistic reputation U . Beethoven wob slightly jealous. Tho composer |X of "Pidelio" and " Prometheus" summed up si the qualities of the young Holstcinor in a curt IS sentence, which the successors of these great l| men will never cito as a text from wliioli to S illustrate either the critical judgement of tho at one or the peculiar excellences of the other. | "Weber," according to Beetliovon, " learned a - iuu late ; uie arc nau noc time to develop S itself, and his only and vory perceptible effort « was to obtain tho roputation of geniality." Kj Tho terrible infirmity by which for many of tho last years of his life, Beethoven was |s afllicted, induced irritability and frotfulncss ; S and although his own mighty powers ns a corn el E0EI!r entitlo his opinion on nny subject in jfe which music has n place, to deep respect, it is a difficult to accept this particular dictum a either correct or just. What mortal judgment 'i$( | cou "tus place an arbitrary limit to tho ox- pension of genius suoh as that bestowed . upon Webor ? Cut off in the noon of life, this slf ®reQ' mus'e'an, who, even wlnlo stricken with iff disease, 'lad given tho world a substantial \ j guarantee of his capacity to cliarm it so as it ;| had seldom been charmed, died with tho music of his nobleBt work reverberating in his eaf' 'a6'' effort of liis genius was its I mightiest, and at the early ago of thirty nino |. the composer of "Silvana," " Preciosa," | "Abon Hassan," "Dor Ereisoliutz" "Eury- I anthc," and " Oboron," falling under tlio stroke i f "liypocrico consumption," left no successor j possessing equal endowments to liis own, J as an operatic composer. At tlio pro- J sent moment wo have only to deal' I P«irfly with the Freiseliutz, which , . ;) was produced r.t the Theatre Boyal last night, j This great work first aroused tho attention of i tho British musical public to tlio merits of its | ®®mPoscr. It was originnlly represented nt " 1 _cr'',n 'n 1822, hut remained unknown to tho j| nSBsli stage until two years afterwards, when ! ® very incomplete version was presented nt tho nglish Opera House, London. On tho 23rd . -V| 1821, a crowded audience at this theatre issued tlio fiat of approval which siuco thon been universally ratifiod by their fellow countrymen. The adaptor of Herr Kind's . ra®a introduced an additional clinractor i w Rollo, — a kind of singing " double" I n t ?Bi>ar' — r- Bennett, who imperso- i "10 ktter, being morely required to I oc tlio part. Mr. Braham, tlio first represen- B ,ro f Bodolph, the Max of tho original ' I sr!Ta h"rpo,atelJ n'ra by other composers, ! tl ' i was unable to render justice to | io music of tho principal female character. mnfTi'k Wtls oi-i'ccwiso tampered with and 1 the ii- i of the concerted music in p nc'> including tho Hermit's solo — a $ irmC<!ali 'bo best critics liavo declared to .. .t preach tho sublime — was omitted, and tho . vt drama was bo contrived as to result happily for | tho hero and heroine, whereas tho true tcrmi. nation is o tragic one. Still, even with theso ' discouraging circumstances, " Dor Ereischutz " was so highly successful that tho same year, almost every thcairo in London, including tho two patent establishments, produced it. Miss Stephens, afterwards Countess of Essex, sue. ceedod MiBs Ho el as Agnes (or Agatha) at tho English Opera House, Miss Paton, who subsequently became Mrs. Wood, imper sonating tho hcroino at Covcnt Garden, and Miss Grnddon nt Drury Lnno, where tho work was presented with tho whole of Weber's music. Since then " Der Freiseliutz" has been more frequently represented in England, and also, we believe, in America, than any otlicr opera, except, perhaps, La Sonnambula. On the German Btago it has no rival in popularity. Every soprano of any pretensions in that country is anxious to givo ovidcnco of Iter quality ns Agatha, every bass has unlimited faith in the effective music and dramatic seopo of Caspar. No ono who saw poor Staudigl in this opera will forget the wonderful interpretation. ho gave of tho great composer's ideas ; for tho first and only time in tho expe rience of tho present writer, the complete stereoscopic effect — so to speak — was produced. Herr Formes was, musically, more sonorous, but lacked tho power of graceful expression which so eminently distinguished tho stylo of hi9 prodcccssor in the character. The difficulty attending the presentation of this opera in a proper Bhapo has of late caused it to bo neglected by theati ical imprcsarii, and though it is not now to tlio Australian lyric stage it has never bean placed before the colonial public in sucli a form of completeness, ns to deprive its present 1-ovival of tho vuluabto element of novelty. An operatic company, of which Mrs. Gucrin and the Messrs. Howeou were principal members, introduced it first to n Sydney audience some ton or twelve years ago, and it was presented at tlio Tiientro Boyal, Melbourne, in tho course of tlio first season, under Messrs. Brooke and Coppin's management, .when tho principal characters woi o sustained by Madame Bishop and Messrs. Lyall, and F. Howson. It was only performed twice, tho malo principals being quite unequal to tho achievoraent of tho task propared by tlio composer. Mr. LyBter, nothing daunted by tlio failure of his predecessors, 1ms now offurod to his patrons tlio moans of enjoying this fine composition, for tho unqualified approbation with which a numerous and critically disposed audience re ceived the representation last night, assures to tho opera a future career of success on our local stage. The Drury lauo version has in tho present instance vbeon selectod for the groundwork of tho libretto which to somo extent has been newly adapted by Mr. Lystcr. With a musician-like con scientiousness the director has closely adhered to the original toxt of Webor, and although some portions of the drama especially in tho last act, offer tempting opportunities for inter polations, they have been scrupulously avoided. Wo romarked ono or two omissions, for which in ono instanco Madatno Escott," tlio Agatha, was l-csponsiblo and m another Mr. Squires, who enacted tho part of Max. Ill tho face, however, of tlio fact that no opera hitherto, produced in Melbouvno has been, as a whole, more croditably rendered, mere sins of omission, liko thoso rcferrod to, dwindlo to tho dimensions of venial pecca dillos. The work has been so well mounted that tho scenio artist,' Mr. Honnings, richly deserved tlio flattering .and extraordinary com pliment ho reoeived at'-tlio hands of the grati fled epcotators. At the termination of tho second act ha was honoured with a special call, a mark of respect which, however well earned) has seldom indeed been so accorded. Tho opening sceno was very effective, but the pic torial representation of tho wolf's glen might with truth be designated a gem of art. The spec tral effects and altciidnnt horrors in tho incantation sceno, wlicro tho slightest failure would liavo produced burlesque, were managed with exceeding skill. Tho skeleton cliaso through the air, which occasionally in tho bes' London theatres we have seen converted into an unmeaning exhibition, had the kind of ghastly significance indicated by tho weird, music which accompanies it. Tlio nppearnnoo of Zamicl, in his chariot, on tho Bcvcnth bullet being east, surrounded by liis. infernal coadjutors formed a most appropriate climax to the hideous incidents of the sconci and tho act-drop fell to vociferous and long- sustained applause. The .part of Agatha affords comparativelj' little seopo for tho actress, hut Madamo Eseott seized ovory point capable of producing a dramatic effect. Although Weber's long-drawn periods and elaborate accompaniments are sometimes ox- ceodingly obnoxious to tho cloves of the Italian school of vocalisation, this lady oxliibitcd no traces of want of confidcnco. Tho grand seena in tlio second act tested her powers ns a singer of music ns opposito in stylo as in worth to .that with which she has beon hitherto identified, and the ordeal was triumphantly passed. The seena was unanimously encored. MiBS Hodsou, as Anno, and Mr. Squires obtained similar mani festations of approval, and Mr. F. Lystcr, whoso Caspar was a highly 'meritorious embo diment throughout, by his energetic delivery of the far-famed drinking song, was required to repeat it. The choruses were ndmirably sung, and tho orchestra performed marvels under tho ablo directorship of Mr. Beiff. The celebrated overture to tho opera was rendered in so masterly a manner that nu encore seemed imminent. Tho performance was in fact a prodigious success, and tho repetition of tho opera oh Monday will assuredly attract crowds to tho theatre. To-night, Madamo Bianchi takes her benefit, when " Ernani" will again bo performed. 