General Intelligence. DISTURBANCE AT NATIVE DOG CREEK.--The following account of the disturbance at Native Dog Creek, is contributed to the Bathurst Free Press, by Mr. John Hughes, jun.:--"As no doubt many exaggerated reports are afloat about the late disturbance at 'Native Dog Creek,' and as I arrived on the ground shortly after it was over, I will endeavour to give the public, through the columns of your paper, a correct version of it. It appears that owing to mutual encroachments on each other's rights, and mutual threats to drive one ano- ther off the diggings, a feeling of hatred had been brewing between the European and Chi- nese diggers for some time past, and after some trifling affrays on Tuesday last the Chi- nese were driven by the Europeans from one of the gulleys. Conflicting accounts are told as to what took place at a creek about 4 miles off, previous to Wednesday; but that morn- ing a party of Europeans came to the 'Native Dog' with a report that about nine of their number had been driven out by the Chinese, and they returned with a reinforcement of about 40 diggers. The Chinese, to the num- ber of about 600, were forced, hurriedly, to pack up, and were then trotted off to the 'Na- tive Dog.' Now, sir, had matters stopped here, but little mischief would have occurred, but it was proposed that a party should go to the 'bosses,' and, to prevent any more dis- putes, some arrangement be entered into, by which each party should be allowed to work without interference, although a good many desired to let this matter rest as it was. But there was a third party whose sole aim was the entire expulsion of the Chinese. The Chinamen were camped on a flat through which the creek runs, and a range of tents 150 feet long on the rises of each side of the creek below the main camp; into this defile the diggers had the fool-hardiness to venture, and when about to open the conference, a man on horseback took off his hat, waved it in the air, and hurrahed. The exasperarated Chinese taking this as a challenge, would brook it no longer, and discovering for the first time, the small number of their oppo- nents (which had been purposely exaggerated), gave a yell, that made the hearts of a good many quail, and immediately charged a volley of stones at the Europeans. The man who precipitated the attack, immediately faced about, and with the rest of the horsemen, act- ing the part of another assemblage, played the game of 'follow your leader.' But the simile was carried further, for their door of retreat like that of the Patricians was shut, the Chinese closing in and surrounding them. The horsemen charged, or rather cleared in every direction, trampling down the diggers on all sides, and after once getting clear of the Chinese, never came in sight of them again. In the mean time the fight had become general between about 1600 Chinese and about 40 dig- gers on foot, and some 10 or 15 persons who had no intention of taking part in the affray, but who had to fight and run to save their lives. Among the latter was a noble speci- men of Australian growth named George Davis, who had just unhobbled his horse and was bringing it up to the camp when the melée commenced, and could scarcely be persuaded to turn back though riding bare- backed; his horse fell in a hole, and he had to ward off blows from the long handled shovels with no other shield but his muscular arm; he was at one time surrounded by twenty Chinese, and with no weapon of defence but a stick he cleared his road in front, and received upon his brawney back the blows of the shovels at work behind. Another case was that of an old man named Donelly, a settler in the neighbourhood, and who has a large family of grandchildren; by some means he got mixed up with the fugitives, and when rescued was feebly making his way off, followed by three Chinese, who were beating him with their shovels, while his white hair was saturated with blood. I could enumerate other in- stances, in which the parties favourable to the Chinese barely escaped with their lives, owing to the sudden onslaught, the Chinese and Eu- ropeans being indiscriminately camped toge- ther, and the affray taking place at dinner time. All the Europeains say that the yelling of the Chinese was terrific. One young man named Baker lies in a very bad state, but the doctor reports favourably of him; he was knocked down with a shovel, and then stabbed in the loin; a strong leathern belt and a cot- ton handkerchief tied round his waist were cut through, and the knife lodged in his hip; he has a fearful gash in the hip, evidently in- flicted with some weapon, and a deep axe wound in the neck about four inches in length. An old man named Skinner lies in the same tent; his injuries are mostly from spade blows on the head. One man is fearfully bruised about the head and face, and some of his ribs are broken. There are many other Europeans badly wounded, but as they bear up they keep their woes to themselves. I only heard of one of the Chinese being laid up. A great farce is being enacted about so many who are said to be missing; the fact is, that as soon as the affray commenced, Europeans and Chinese not engaged in the fight 'made track' in all directions, and are not likely to be seen again till all is quiet." The following (from Tues- day's Herald,) is an extract of a letter from Mr. Richard Peek, dated "Summerhill, May 23rd, to a friend in Sydney:--"Four of my men--smelter, fireman, and two woodcutters \--left this for Native Dog Creek on Monday last, and last night returned, having had to fly for their lives, leaving everything behind them. They say some lives are lost, there being only 80 or 90 Europeans to 3000 Chi- nese. The Celestials have always been very insulting, but this rising seems to have been a premeditated affair. Some Europeans dis- covered gold about two miles from the Chi- nese, up the creek, and pegged out their claims; the Chinese followed them, pulled up the pegs, and spat in the faces of the Euro- peans; the latter were then surrounded by the Chinese, armed with guns, pistols, revol- vers, and axes, and they being unarmed, had to fly for their lives." THE CENSUS FOR THE POLICE DISTRICT OF YASS.--The following is the return of the census for the Police District of Yass, as col- lected on the 7th, ult.:--Town of Yass, 1145; village of Gunning, 191; southern portion of county of King, 2847; northern portion of county of Murray, 603; portion of Murrum- bldgee Pastoral District, 88; portion of the Lachlan Pastoral District, 79; total 4448. According to the census taken in 1856, the population of the Police District of Yass was 4099, so that it will be seen that the increase in the five years amounts to 349 souls. This is to be accounted for from the fact of a large number having temporally left the district for the LambingFlat gold-fields. In the town of Yass the increase is more gratifying, the num- bers for 1856 being 860 against 1145 in the present year, thus showing an increase of 485. The population of Gunning in 1856 was 125, against 191 in the present year--the increase (?). YASS QUARTER SESSIONS.--The sittings of this court were resumed on Saturday. Charles O'Brien, feloniously stabbing one Patrick McGrady, two years' hard labour in Goulburn gaol, the first and last week solitary confine- ment. George Gardiner, assaulting Mary Ann Nevison; six months' hard labour in Goul- burn gaol, Patrick Keys, breaking into the dwelling of Patrick O'Donnell, and stealing £20 12s. 6d., and sundry other property therefrom; three months' hard labour in Goulburn gaol; John Ryan, stealing a flutina from Mr. Greig at Lambing Flat; four months' hard labour at Goulburn gaol, the first and last week solitary confinement. The trials of the following prisoners were post- poned, on account of the Crown Prosecutor not having received any depositions in the cases;--John Hamilton, receiving stolen goods, Lambing Flat; William Hethrington, larceny, Lambing Flat; John Maloney, ditto, ditto; John Sullivan, ditto, ditto. There were other cases it seems that the Crown Prosecutor knew nothing about.--Yass Courier. CRIMINAL INFORMATION:--We understand, says the Braidwood Observer, that another criminal information is about to be filed by Mr. John Gurney, C.P.S., against Mr. Charles Isaac Watson, proprietor of the Braidwood News, for an alledged libel published in that journal of Thursday last. DISCOVERY OF HUMAN REMIAINS.--During the past week, as Mr. Dickson, of Saw-pit Gully, was prospecting about the neighbour- hood, he came upon some ground which he thought was likely to answer, and commenc- ing operations, dug a few feet, when he came upon some boards. Following up the disco- very, he found that it was a coffin containing human remains, when Dr. Beer was sent for, when it was found to be the skeleton of a Chinaman, the flesh upon the bones being much decomposed, and apparently having been buried about three months. About that period a large number of Chinese then resid- ing in the locality decamped, their sudden de- parture being accounted for by their labouring under the delusion that the neighbourhood was haunted by a ghost. It is now supposed that the exodus took place in consequence of the interment of this body, as it is believed that the deceased met with foul play, and his countrymen left before the outrage could be discovered. We presume that some official investigation will be instituted on view of the remains.--Braidwood Observer. THE Illawarra Express has been cast in ten guineas damages, for libelling the Mayor of Shoalhaven. NEW JUDGESHIP.--The Illawarra Express says:--We have been given to understand that Mr. Blake, M.P., has been appointed District Judge for the Circuit at and about Albury. GOULBURN ELECTION.--Mr. Alexander is the only candidate really in the field ; but in Sydney it is reported that Mr. E. Flood would be nominated. RICHMOND RIVER MEERSHAUM.--Among a group of visitors who were inspecting the Richmond meershaum at the School of Arts, was an inveterate smoker, and he, referring to the remarks of wonder at such a scarce product being found in New South Wales, and yet so little known, took from his pocket a silver-mounted meershaum pipe, which he assured the company was made from a piece of Richmond meershaum, which had been exhi- bited at the Australian Museum in 1854 by the Paris Exhibition Commissioners. He added, "that he had never smoked a finer pipe, and that he was prepared to purchase a ton of the raw material, as a venture to Lon- don and Paris."--Clarence and Richmond Ex- aminer. CHINESE DETECTIVES.--The Ballaarat Star, speaking of the Chinese detectives who are employed on Ballaarat with a view to put a stop to the depredations committed by their countrymen, gives the following information relative to some of their devices:--The modus operandi by which the Celestials so cleverly manage to possess themselves of the fowls of the Europeans was made public yesterday at the Police Court, which for the information of the public we here narrate. James Ah Pow, Chinese detective, being well acquainted with the ways and means resorted to by his coun- trymen to 'bag their game,' introduced to the notice of the police magistrate a gaunt-look- ing Celestial who has earned the reputation of being an adept at fowl-stealing. In the tent of the prisoner he found a large bag made of calico, about two yards in length, to the mouth of which was attached a running string. In the bag was a lot of Chinese medicinal roots, which James Ah Pow informed the Bench were taken by his countrymen on their preda- tory excursions, and when they got into a fowl-house, they set fire to these roots, the smoke of which had a stifling effect on the feathered inmates, and without making the least noise, they were easily secured and placed in the long bag, and the running string drawn upon them. Ah Coon, the Government inter- preter, for once in his life became communi- cative when he heard this intelligence, and supplemented the information volunteered by James Ah Pow, by informing the Bench that his countrymen had another method of catch- ing fowls, which was rather simple, and con- sisted in placing some rice in a solution of opium or brandy, and when the fowls ate of this they became somnolent and were very easily caught. 