TOW If TALE.—NO. I. Ir some philosophic stranger, possessing idiosyncrasies of the Mark Tapley cast, were only to come and-take up Us residence in Maldou fora short time in search of the jolly, not a ghost of a doubt, but be would soon fiud what be wanted, and peradventure a good deal more, for the chances are he would fiud existing here au intensely comic state of things such as he had never counted on, and for once in his life acknowledge that the place was too jolly for him. Iii which case such excessive exercitation of a jolly temperament might induce such a state of mind in the man that we should perchance see him buyging up Long Golly and Concord shares, and finally have to remit the unfortunate to Yarra Bend. The question is, when is this present state of collapse to end, or is it ever going to end ? Everybody asks every other body this selfsame query twenty times over every day, and, of course every body says he don't know, but having predicted six months ago that things would begin to mend next week, and ever so many next weeks having passed over and still no signs of improvement, he feds chary of .committing his prophetic soul any further, but contents himself with a vague, but unexpressed idea, that matters may take a turn some day— when the Grand Junction Company pays a dividend for instance,—or at some other period equally indefinite and remote. This long continued state of stagnation seems to have affected the minds of our townsfolk, so that tbey actually go about their very amusements in that stolid, indifferent, half- tragic, half-comic, wont-be-amused sort of a way which is generally supposed to be peculiar to Cherokee Indians. Witness tie Garrick Club performance in aid of the Burke and Wills Memorial Fund, at the .Kangaroo, the other night Was there ever anything more thoroughly paradoxical than the dont-care-a-hang- ish style of manner in which the audience sat it out ? The curtain was to rise at eight, but didn't rise till nearly nine. Until half-past 8 there were but few in the room, but after that time the number rapidly increased. Well, all theatre-goers know that even a few minutes delay in commencing is usually seized upon by a portion of the audience as sufficient pretext to express dissatisfaction and impatience, which they do by noises, cries, and stamping, more demonstrative than pleasant. But did the audience on this occasion do anything of the kind ? not a bit of it. Scarcely a sound emanated from them at all, until a few minutes before the curtain drew up, but there they sat some talking, others smoking, but one and ail looking as indifferent as may be, and as if they would have had no objection in the world to sit there—performance or no performance—until this time next week When at last the play , commenced, still they sat looking on as before calmly, and seemingly, too indifferent to applaud when the efforts of those on the stage merited it, or to Express dissatisfaction when it was jnstly called for—and no mistake about it buttliere was plenty of room for adverse criticism, especially in the burlesque. The members of the club never' played worse, but perhaps the extraordinary sort of audience they had to play to might have bad something to do with this, and damped their energies. The second piece was such a most intense failure, the actors doing their parts so fearfully bad, that at last: the audience really seemed to think an expression of opinion was absolutely called for, and accordingly hissed. . What it must have cost them to uave roused themselves to such a pitch of unfavorable interest ''tis hard to say, nevertheless the expression yl disapprobation was deserved—every bit of it _ The whole afiair in fact was a precious sell in every, way. The members of the club were sold by the public, who ought to have supported them better, con-, eidering that -tlie cause was sucha truly national one, and that very .considerable expense bad been incurred in getting xip the affirir for which the members were individually responsible. And on the other hand tbeandience was undoubtedly sold by the unprecedentlyinferior entertainment .given to them Who bad a right to' expect some-. thing very tiigereht in return for their money.- Turning from matters past to those to come, heres Chnstthas coming, merxy merry Christ-. jnas,andapiedousmerryseasonit gives.pro-, miseof bang. The- races and Masonic -Ball seem to be the only block plans in the way' of aiT^ngAmpnf. bo fax promised [fir, .the. aele£tatipn of Christinas pleasure seekers. ' As to the races, nobody seems to know whether they are really to come off, aud what's more, nobody seems to care, unless, it is Billy Billious, who must be getting desperately hard up for matter, judging from Ids last hebdomadal production, liven the very meetings of companies are getting fewer and more few, and have lost that piquant tendency to incipient rowdyism that ouce rendered them so amusing. Go where you will, all looks stale, fl.tt and unprofitable, and no where more so, than at that place of legendary liviliness, the Lounge, where one sees at any hour of the day some half-dozen long-visaged individuals trying all they can to make themselves more melancholy than they are, by talking about hard times, each one casting furtive glances towards the bar, and wondering why the deuce somebody doesn't shout NEilO. 