the new prima donna. Mademoiselle Adclina Patti has lost nono of her laurels by her impersonation of Lucy o' Lammcrmoor. Tho opera, which is generally looked upon as tlio masterpiece of Donizetti) was givon on Saturday night before tbo largest nudionco probably ever assembled within tlio walls of the new theatre. " Ail tlie world " — or, in stricter language, all tho musical world — wore there, and tlio young singer liad to brave an ordeal before which the most oxperioncod artist might reasonably have quailed. Tho fact ouco established that a girl of eighteen could play Bellini's Amino, if not to perfection, at least in Bucli a manner ns to cxcito unanimous en thusiasm, it was, as a matter of couise, anticipated that she would be equally successful with Donizetti's Lucia. This time there was no question about " youth and inexpcrienco tlio enormous audionco that filled tho theatre in ovory part (not oven leaving a seat unoccu pied in tho two or threo rows of benches now bo playfully denominated " tlio pit ") had come with tho expectation of being entertained " qunnd memo," and witli tho settled belief that tlioy were going to witness a performance of the highest stamp. Whether their ideal of artistic exocllcnco was thoroughly realised we cannot undertake to say ; hut that long before tthc end of tho opera they were charmed beyond measure is neither more nor less than tho simple truth. Xlio Luoia of Mndomoisello Patti may bo described, mutato liomino, jn pretty nearly tho samo terms as her Amino.- It combines the same engaging beauties. with tho . same .inevit able defects, tlio defects — as in tho first, instanco —being precisely, tlioso which years of praotioo must bo dovoted to sur mount, wliilo tho beauties are such as could only prooeod from rare natural endow ments united to on early quickness of appre hension nlmost unprecedented. There is another recommendation, moreover, calculated to elicit for Mademoiselle Patti the especial sympathy of tlioeo who admire the genuine school of Italian opera. Her Btylo is Italian, her pi-onunciiition of the words is Italian, her delivery of tho. voice Italian, lior method of execution Italian, and in short her whole per formance, from first, to last, Italian — of the purest. This, at a timo when the Italian lyric stage is invaded on'ovory side by foreigners, is 1— to say no more — a consolation. The first act oi Mademoiselle Patti's Lucia ib tlio least striking ; 'though, in lior oponing soono with Alisn; she restores the original cavatina, iu placo of tho eo-frequently interpolated " Perelie non ho," and then in a truly artistic spirit sacrifices a moans of ad captandum effect out of defercnco to tho original intention of the com- posor. Horduet with Edgardo (Signor Tiberini) , it a littlo deficient in warmth of expression : offors moro than one beautiful point, and with respect to. more execution is irreproachable. That with Enrico (Signor Grrizium) — at tho 6ommonccment'fi;of act II. — affords another hroof of Mademoiselle Patti's eood taste, nnd. t may bo added, of hor uncommon vocal pre- _ ileiencjx She not only gives the first move ment in the proper koy, but sings the florid c passages exactly ns they were written — which _ very few representatives of Lucia have done I sinco tlie opera was first brought out. Here, it is true, as in tho love scone with Edgardo,' 1 slio might abandon herself more freely to ' the . dramatic situation and exhibit still more poignant , signs of distress at the exclamation, " Alii 1 . la folgore piombo," whon tho forged lettor lias persuaded lior of her lover's inconstancy j but the sequel wou'd ntono for much graver shortcomings. Tiio sceno of tlio signing . of tho contract and the unexpected arrival of Edgardo was dono to perfection. Mental anguish and utter prostration of spirit could hardly bo portrayed with intonser earnestness. That Mademoiselle Patti possesses tho dramatic instinct sb woll as extraordinary musical talent this one situation is '-quite onough to prove. Wo linvo seen it represented with a more liboral administration of tho shows und gestures of emotion, but never with ' more touching and unaffected Bcntimcnt. Tho crowning triumph of tho young singer — tho Lucy of 18 sum mers — is obtained, however, in the famous mad-sceno — ono of those strokes ofgonius with which too careless Donizetti has on more than ono occasion redeemed a comparatively fcoble op'ora. Here, as in tho final act oftlie Soiniam- hula, Mademoiselle Patti puts forth all tier onorgy, nnd succeeds in rivotting attention from tlio first note to the last, the audience being gradually wound up to d pitch of en thusiasm. One of the greatest attractions of this powerfully worked-up scene, in the hands of Mademoiselle Pacti — who imitates no pre ceding model (boing too young, indeed, to liavo profited by uny) — is its entire and abiding freshness. pTIie conception is ns original as tho execution is brilliant, and the one as strikingly picturcsquo as tho other is surprising. In the " fioi-ituro" with which, liko nil horpredo- cessors, Mademoiselle) Patti embellishes tlio ulrendy sufficiently elaborate text, the same peculiarities are observable as in her version of " Ah non giunge," and tho slow movement that precedes it ; and these are dealt out evon in "greator profusion, if not absolutely witli greater effect. Tlio impression produced — whatever nice objections might' be taken hero nnd there — fairly disarm oriticism. The audience, on Saturday night, ns though de- ligllteu as Doing aiioweu in sue enu lu give expression to their pent up feelings, broke forth into vehement applause, alike from boxes, stalls (we had nearly written "pit") and galleries — npplnuse as genuine and unanimous us wo can remember, and prolongod until the new favourite had come forth from behind the scenes, nn oyo-witnoss to tho sonsation bIio hud oroatod. Even this was not enough j for no sooner had -Edgardo 1 given up the ghost than tho call for Signor Tiboriui, promptly responded to, was followed by another for Madcmoiacllo Patti, kept up with such perti nacity that the young lady was ultimately induced' to rnnko lior appearance with her toilette only half uchieved. Tlint Mademoiselle Patti has already won the sympathy of the English public is unquestionable ; to mako her conquest good depends entirely on herself. — Times. The "Weather. — More rain, of which we have had quite sufficient to supply the miners for the next six months. The rain again sot in last night shortly after dark, and with littlo intermission continued all night. From about elovon till twolvo o'clock it enme down very Uoavily, Hooding tho streets in somo places, and causing a largo body of water to como down the crock. — Bendigo Advertiser, 14th July. Singular Weapons. — An " affair of honour" lias como off somo where near Bathurst, in which tho combatants attempted to "destroy" caeh other with charges of poach jam. It 13 to be hoped there was plonty of sugar in it. Mr. Ronton Nicholson, bettor known to metropolitan " pleasure seekers" under liis cognomen of " The Lord Ohiof Baron," cliod on Saturday at the Gordon hotel, Covent garden, after an illness of somo weeks' duration. Tho number of candidates for admission as attorneys in Trinity term is 141, of .which eighty-nine are original applications. There are already more than 10,000 attorneys on tho roll. We havo to announce tho death of tlio Hon. and Rev. Henry Coeknyno Oust, M.A.. F.S.A., canon of Windsor, &o.;, which event occurred on tho 19th May in the cloisters at Windsor castle. The assessment of tho North London rail way, in tho parish of St. Pancras, has bean ruisod from L1799 to L4000. There are 4,000 blind women iu Ireland, and nearly as maDy of tho other acx. Dr. Wilde, the oculis1, states that there is a greator pro portion of blind in Ireland than' in any other country of Europe except Norway. On tho 1st July, the experiment of establish ing a branch of tho commissariat department in direct communication with the treasury will bo attempted nt Portsmouth, in the south western- district. Tho Southampton cemotory committee hare, it is said, refusod permission for tho following epitaph to bo placed on a tombstone : ' She was a beloved wife, who looked well to the wants of her husband, and nover ate the bread of idleness." 