and was received in solemn silence ; stepped into the Council Chamber, went through the usual forms — again stepped into his carriage, and drove off without any other manifestation of popular feeling than the most emphatic quiet. This may be considered by you as somewhat re markable, but the fact is that the public mind has been grieved and agitated on been sent to Newgate and otherwise pun ished for just such articles as the one he alluded to. Mr. Watts then read the leader from beginning to end, and having quoted largely from ' May ' produced the Courier and moved that the article in question be a breach of privilege. Mr. Ferrett seconded the motion, when Mr. Prinff spoke asking the House to assert Conveyance of mails within and beyond the settled districts ? 8000 0 0 Port Curtis and Rockhamptton— (Executive) Gladstone ? 591 0 0 Rockhampton ? 705 0 0 (Judicial) & Banana C. P. S ? 175 0 0 tion. Then comes the profound question, that no one but a man versed in the higher principles of pholosophy would ever think of. He asks himself — refer- ring to the many people — What are they doing? Grand inquiry ! followed by another— How do they live - To the lat ter be charitably concludes that ' they do not live upon one another,' as the barba who will thwart the object if possible, and they are no less enemies from being quite conscientious in their opposition. Now I think of it I should not be doing my duty if I did not warn you against re ceiving at times reports of a prejudicial character in reference to the ' Lutwyche sympathy meeting j' for I am pretty well aware that pains will be taken to under BRISBANE. {From our Special Correspondent) Parliament was opened at noon on Tuesday the 30th April, by his Excellency Sir G. F. Bowen. A great number of townsmen gathered to witness the cere mony inside the 'Lords,' and a large number were outside. The detachment of soldiers under Lieut. Seymour, and the members of the Volunreer Rifle Corps under Captains Dudgeon and Drury, were drawn up in line before the Legislative Chambers. The volunteer band was sta tioned on the footpath, and enlivened the scene as much as was in their power by playing several martial airs. The Gover nor-arrived a few minutes afternoon, es corted by a number of the Mounted Rifles, account of the treatment the Judge had received ; for although despatches have come to hand, it was not generally known what they contained relative to his Honor, but report, ever ready to anticipate the worst, had given out that their contents were not favourable. It subsequently transpired, and in fact was alluded to in the Governor's speech, that the obnoxious Supreme Court Bill had been sent back by the Duke of Newcastle for reconsider ation, the reason being that that Bill in terfered with the guaranteed rights of his Honor Mr. Justice Lutwyche. As soon as this was really known, it was the sub ject of general congratulation with the citizens. Now, would you believe it, but the Judge himself was about the last per son to hear of the real nature of the dis patch, and when he did it was from a secondary though authentic source, viz., the Government Gazette. Surely, com mon courtesy alone would have suggested to the Executive the duty of making his Honor acquainted with its contents the moment they themselves had noted them, but no, Mr. Lutwyche was kept in sus pense for days. This was considered a great slight, and indignation has not slumbered or slept since it first evinced itself in the grave demeanour with which his Excellency was received by the popu lace when he arrived at the House. Had Mr. Justice Lutwyche made his appearr ance, huzzas loud and hearty would have greeted him. The two Houses having made, on the next day, a suitable address in reply to his Excellency's, the work of the Session might be said to have com- menced. The first business of importance moving "that a select committee be ap- pointed, with power to send for persons and papers and sit during any adjourn- ment of the House, to inquire into and report on the organisation and manage- ment of the Native Police Force, and fur- ther, to inquire into and report how far it may be practicable to ameliorate the pre- sent condition of the aborigines of the colony, such committee to consist of four members to be chosen by ballot." Mr. M'Kenzie then, alluded to the charges which had been brought against this force in the public press, believing that party spirit had in a great measure suggested those charges. What he meant by party spirit was, that the force being solely kept up for the benefit of the squatters, the declaimers against it were those generally found politically opposed to the squatters. He defended the force, but at the same time expressed his opinion that there was considerable room for improvement. In reference to the amelioration of the con- dition of the aborigines he was by no means sanguine. The Attorney-General seconded the motion, when a debate ensued, during which, by an amendment, the committee was increased to eight members, viz., M'Kenzie, Fitzsimmons, Gore, Moffatt, Blakeney, Royds, Watts, and Ferrett. The composition of this committee was anything but satisfactory to the public outside the House, it being considered a packed one in the fullest sense ; for, dear reader, although it was chosen by ballot, the government having a strong majority in the House can select any committee they please, all the benefits and advantages of the ballot to the contrary notwithstand- ing. Such being the case, the Courier comes out with a bold and honest leader, deprecating the selection made, and rap- ping Mr. Gore pretty sharply on the knuckles for his obsequious readiness to do any little job for the Ministry, calling to his mind that a much abler man than himself, namely, Sir James Graham, had earned the appellation of "Peel's dirty boy," or account of the alacrity he exhi- bited in performing any dirty work for the Ministry. This said leader was des- tined to become the subject of debate in the House, and consequently "Arthur Hodgson's little un " made it a question of privilege. In his speech he referred to the time when the press was struggling for a constitutional existence, and alluded to the facts of publishers having actually its privileges. The Colonial Treasurer followed and spoke of the general con- tempt he held for all articles that appeared in that journal, but at the same time ad- mitted that he was a regular reader of its contents. Mr. Blakeney followed and complained of the licentiousness of the press, contending that it was a slander to insinuate against the committee which had been chosen. Mr. Gore thought the article was a breach of privilege, and would vote for the motion if it were not with drawn. Mr. Macalister said that he would vote against the motion. He be- lieved that the article in question repre- sented public opinion, as he had heard the same sentiments freely expressed by no less than fifteen persons that very day. He regretted the waste of time upon the motion. Mr. Cribb followed in the same strain. The Colonial Secretary was as tonished to hear what had fallen from Mr. Macalister. He believed that upon pre- vious occasions attempts had been made to put pressure on hon. members. He however would advise the withdrawal of the motion, but believed the discussion would do a great amount of good. Mr. O'Sullivan had nothing to thank the Courier for, but was prepared to endorse the statements made by Mr. Macalister, for the impression through the district of West Moreton was that the committee was one-sided. Mr. Lilley suggested to the House two propositions — first, whe- ther they possessed the power to summon the printer; and second, whether they possessed the power of punishing him. He hoped the motion would be withdrawn. Mr. Watts made a reply and then with- drew the motion, by which was ended a grand ministerial farce. The next important debate took place upon the motion of Mr. Watts for a select committee to enquire whether the present mode of making magisterial appointments could not be improved upon. After some discussion the motion was lost upon a division. Mr. Macalister's motion having refer ence to the establishment of district courts was thrown out by a majority of 16 to 8. The Estimates for 1862 have been laid upon the table of the House, and the Colonial Treasurer has made his financial statement, which presents many points of interest, but cannot now be commented upon by me. I have culled from the Estimates the following items, in which you are more particularly concerned, they being sums that will be spent in and about your flour ishing townand district, and in Gayndah and the Burnett : — , Maryborough— 1 chief constable and 5 JP s. d. ordinaries ? 691 0 0 Police Magistrate ? 500 0 0 Clerk Petty Sessions ? «? 175 O 0 Maryborough Hospital ? 200 0 0 Ditto School of Arts ??? ? 100 0 0 PittoGaol ? 700 0 0 Additions to Court House'* 500 0 0 Forming main street ?? ? 1000 0 0 Sub-Collector Customs ? 400 0 0 Second officer ? 160 0 0 Coxswain ? ? ? ♦?? 120 0 0 4 boatnren at =£J96 each ? 384 0 0 Contingencies ? 50 0 0 Harbour of Wide Bay, for buoys, beacons, &e.; ? * 200 0 0 Custom House ?????? ? 1000 0 0 .£6180 0 0 The above sums are all of a local nature. For roads, Wide Bay and . ' j| Burnett district ? ,?? 5500 0 0 Native Police, ditto ? 683 0 0 Gatndab — Executive, ? - ? 477 0 0 Police Magistrate and C.P.S. 675 0 0 fpital '???? ? ?-?? ? V*. 200 O 0 Lnibah Creek Bridge »., 500 0 0 ANANGO ? .Executive ? 315 0 0 Clerk of Petty Sessions*-- ? ? ? 175 0 0 Ihaye now given the ?'principal items, but there are many others in which you are interested, such aii— ' Snjsidy to A.S.N. Go. for ^ mails to northern ports... 1125 Q: fa Telegraph line from Too- . v- ]'; woomba to Gayndah via ^: : Dalby, with a branch line ~ \ ? to Maryborough ; and , from Gayndah to Rock iiampton via Gladstone 22,000 0 0 Gladstone C. P. S.» ? 175 0 0 Rockhampton Police Ma gistrate and C. P. S. ... 675 0 0 Native Police, Port Curtis and Li-ichhardt ? 2874 0 0 Meteorological Observer at Rockhampton ? 20 0 0 Charitable Allowance to Rockhampton ? 200 0 0 Rockhampton Customs ? 993 0 0 Port Curtis ditto ? 808 0 0 Harbour-master of Pt. Curtis and Fitzroy ? 758 0 0 Roads for Port Curtis and Leichhardt ? 5500 0 0 Main street at Rockhampton 1000 0 0 Fence and Police Stables at Rockhampton ? 100 0 0 Lockup at Yaamba ? ? ? ^100 0 0 Ditto at Banana.. ? 500 0 0 Wharf at Gladstone ? 1000 0 0 The debate upon Mr. Haly's motion on unreported tenders will be read with in terest, as Mr. Haly gave some valuable statistical information, and the debate not being very long, I would snggest your inserting it in the Chronicle. It is published in the Courier of 11th instant. I shall now leave the Parliamentary intelligence in your hands, having given a resume of the more important heads. A coroner's inquest was held, on 1st May, on the body of a -youth named John William Caldwell, who was -accidentally shot by a companion, one Graham. Ver dict, accidental death. Have you a building society ? If not, you ought. The following is the report of the fifth monthly meeting of No. 4: TOOL received in cash for that evening, fifteen shares of 50/. each, and nearly 50 new shares subscribed for. The Right Rev. Dr. Quinn, with the reuiaintler *fbf the clergy and tte nuns* arrived by the Yarra on Friday. The Yarra also brought in the steerage ninety passengers, and how they are to find house room puzzles me. Every steamer for some time past has brought from ninety to 120 passengers, most of whom locate round and about Brisbane. Houses and lodgings are in great demand in conse quence.. Mr. Cribb has taken his seat for West Moreton, having been returned by a ma jority of seventeen over Bell. Mr. M. De Conrcey Nagle delivered a lecture on Friday evening, at the School of Arts, on the subject of ' Science in Social Life ' On Thursday evening a meeting was held for the purpose of congratulating Mr. Justice Lutwyche, that the Duke of Newcastle had returned the Supreme Court Bill for reconsideration. The Hall of the School of Arts, as well as the galleries, was well filled, the citizens ex hibiting the greatest enthusiasm. The principal resolution was, 1 hat this meeting have learned with great satisfaction that the Secretary oi State for the colonies has sent back the Supreme Court Bill for the reconsideration of the legisla ture, and desire to offer to his Honor Mr. Justice Lutwyche, their heart-felt congratulation on the circumstance : ex pressing at the same time their earnest hope that he may-long be spared to exercise his judicial functions for the benefit of the colony. One of the speakers (the Rev. B. G. Wilson) said that a similar expression of public sympathy with his Honor at the un merited insult cast upon him, should be shown in every town in the colony. The Government organ ( Guardian) shows out strongly whose puppet it is. In the leader of Saturday this meeting is spoken of in the most unwarrantable pnd unfavourable terms, the liberal por tion of the public being held up to ridi cule. , The Burnett Penny Whfstle— I . mean, Tather, the Burnett Argus— has reached Brisbane in safety. I -admire his impu dence—dash it, he ought to get on, for 'being persuaded. that his vocation is in the public journal line,' his modesty will be nobaTiJto his success, whatever else may be.' ^ He also gives us his travels, aid marvellqus to relate, he actually saw, when in Brisbane a great tnany houses, arid a great many people. I suppose the housee had windows aiid :dobrei iand, that its inhabitants were like most other men, r- as to f|gs,iarms^ &c;— ^iat our travel ler might have met with in former pere grinations ; but %-pn these highly inter esting speculations ,he offers no informa rous natives of the Icknee Ocknee Islands are wont to do. Having duly recorded this in his note-book— reminding one of the immortal Pickwick — he brushes his own boots and starts for Ipswich. He does not say whether he went by * jil, mail, buggy, or wheelbarrow; nay, he leaves us in oblivion as to whether or not he did not proceed there by some water conveyance; but having finished his journey he — ' knew he was there.' Con soling reflection this; but is he quite satisfied he is in Gayndah ? This would form a highly amusing subject for the Gayndah, Debating Society. Well, hav ing arrived at Ipswich (and had, as we may reasonably suppose, .a feed- of beef and greens), he discovers its streets are ploughed into quagmires, and several other matters worthy of particular recprd. Then cocking his leg over an old hair broom, he wafts Iris way upwards to the skies, performs sundry gyrations and sud denly alights at Gayndah, singing Bey diddle diddle, the cat and the fiddle, &c.; Queer coon that, and d ecidedly no chicken, or else he would certainly have informed us where the Maryborough people came from, how they lived, their mode of dress, marriage customs, &c;, for if I am cor rectly informed, he once ' travelled ' in that part of the world. 1 have read with great delight the re port of your first municipal, election. Mr. Palmer's speech reflects great credit on himself, as well as upon his fellow-citizens, and I feel certain that a flourishing era has been inaugurated with the municipa lity. The Government having recognised the principle of endowments of land to corporations, 1'^^uld.^strqpgly; advise the Council to apply- for- .some good large slices, whereby it could at once commence operations of an improving character, with no need, to fear running into debt. I shall not be over-stating the truth when I say that the proper management of your selves as a corporate body, and I now al lude to personal conduct as aldermen, will enhance the respect and good-feeling al ready your due from other towns and com munities. I shall not flatter you at any time, and neither have I done so now, but in future should I hear any person talk of how the Maryborough people quarrel with themselves and retard their own interests by want of unity, I shall tell him that that state of things has passed away, and refer him to your issue of May 2nd as a proof. So three -cheefs more for his Worship, the aldermen, and the town. I cannot just now permit to pass over sundry reflections which have at various times appeared in your journal upon the verdict given in the*case of Buchanan v. Southerden. It is not correct to say that the law allows a man to thrash a store keeper for 40s. The law allows nothing of the kind, but inflicts punishment when it is done. Neither ought the ruling of the Judge to be called in question, for he has to administer the law as he finds it, and that he did so in this case there can be no question. If the law relating to assaults of this character require amend ment, let it be done, but while it stands as at present it is not right to impugn verdicts in accordance therewith. Bourke, Bourke, whose Bourke ? Well done, Alderman Howard, for maintaining the dignity and rights of the Council. That plucky little soul of yours if only guided ,by your good sense, with a little forbearance and kind feeling, will render you a most valuable and useful member of the body to which you have been elected. I wish you success, most heartily, in your efforts to form 'a National School, and in my opinion the thanks of the pub lic are duetto you for the manner in which you have handled the matter. We have oriShere, and when I first visited it, and saw the cleanliness, order, and happy faces, the efficiency of the masters; and the completeness of the system, I felt proud of Queensland, and thankful too. I look forwaixl-with great anxiety to the^ result of the meeting to be held under^ the presidency of your worthy Mayor, for I know there are enemies in your camp value and vilify not only the meeting but the Judge, and I could now mention one of your townsmen who taking his cue from a certain influential politician here would in the latest style of affectation tell you that his Honor was a ? , and that the meeting was a mob. This is what the Guardian says, or near about it, but when I mention the names of Brookes, Garrick, Rev. B. G. Wilson, Spence, Perry, Heminant, Pettigrew, and Mr. J. Petrie, our Mayor — these will be suffi cient guarantee that the meeting was a respectable ?one ; and further, that our Mayor — who might have taken the chair and yet have dissented from the object of the meeting— most expressly stated his hearty sympathy and concurrence, not only as holding the highest civic office, but as a man and citizen. The Native Police Committee is still taking evidence, and will continue so to do for some time. I trust that many per ?Bons in your town will volunteer their evidence, particularly in Btigb?« case, so that he may be either punisjaed or honour ably acquitted of the charges of harshness and severity — to use no other terms — that still hang over him in the minds of a large portion of the public. Mr. Sheridan is here, and I believe will be examined. What has Mr. Haly done that the ' Ghost of Ban Ban' should be so hard upon him. Now I know Haly, and have done for many years;- as. a plain, honest, and ^fiiraightforwird man, and as a poli tician there is not a more conscientious one in the House. I do not like to see him walked into by a ghost. '* ''^: I find, by this morning's Courier that its spirited proprietor intends publishing daily from the Itfth ^wtant. This com mences a new era in the history of the Queensland press. You will have the whole case of Walsh v. Halloran over again, for a pamphlet has been issued by the complainant which contains Its whole history. 