TUB RADf COKES SOBBLNG TO THE DOOR. The night pom dark, and wfcrd, and cold; and thick drops patter ou Urepsne; There tomes a wailing tram the sea— tht wind is weary of the mini The nd coats -£fcfc beneath the flame; and see, vitfc sVov and silent feet. The hbodrd shadows cms the woods, to when the tttOIehi waters fceatl Ko«, f*n wise fcom tbe rnday fire, tbolluanast athwart the floor; As, streaming down the lattices, the rain comes sobbing to the doorl A*, streaming down Un lattices. The rain coma nobbing to the doorl Suit echoes round the casement Jail, and thro1 the empty chambers po, Mce forms unseen, vhom we can hear, on tiptoe stealing to and fro! But fill your (lasses to the brim, and, through a mist of smiles andttara, Onr eyes shall tell how much we love to toast the shades of other years 1 And hither they will flock again, the ghost of (hlngs that an ?While, streaming down the lattices, the rain comes sobbing to the doorl While, streaming down the tattfres, T3« rain conies sobbing to the door! The tempest-trodden wasteland* moan— the trees are threshing at the Must: And now tbey come the pallid shapes of dreams that perJsVd in the part I And when we lift the windows op, a snother'd whisper ronnd tn strays, \- like some lone wandering voice from gram list bold* She wreck of bygone day-* 1 1 tell ye that ( lore the storm, for think we not of thoughts or yore, ITheu, streaming down the !?»«-— t the rain conies sobbing to thedoorf When, streaming down the lattices. The rain cumes sobbing to the doorl Veil drink to those we sadly miss, and sing Eome mournful son£ we knoir. Since they may cbanco to hear it all, and muse on friends they're left hel.nr! YTbn knows— if cools in bliss can Jaaiy U*- (widen of their Edrn-home— . '^ .: But what tome loving one may now about the ancient thresh On! liteao«ile,hewool-lhiiilarUmpseoftbe&mniarfloor; Though, streaming dawn the lattices, the rain comes sobbing tolliedoor] Though, stream In ; down the lattices, The rain cooks sobbing to the doorl noonr Kxsiuu. 