[fBOH TUG OHOET OF B&N; BAN. TnE non arrivnl again of the Postman last week, an«| conse quently «j youv jiapnr, picyentei my intention of worjiing up and senilitis S fuw lines .regarding the eccentricities aud promises of Uinco wonderfully absurd individuals, who now go by the name 'of 'the inhabitants of Ban B,in.' Upon second thoughts I havn resolyod t--. waif, the arrival of taut day.wliicn llaB*ecn miide' pftrtentnus and important by them Bcives-— 'Wtien, m solemn conemve, »mnisc uaieu uix-um, huu uBthe expense of their.lrtsWwdoavour to be correct, they in tend1 to announce in' truly oracular style, and with natural aitiranee; the naroo aud nature of your most ghostly cov reaipndeut. Sw^f^lion--'hts I am guided by. as the best; ai£ nitght ii'ot tMsPTwho are favoured with them now, profit, ftjjtuo example set' by 'one. whom they continue so gratui rausly to provnkc— innd threaten. /jThe proverbial jhiyst of our 'family party men'' having eJmewluit iibatea since the lute fall in the temperature, pub IJb attention has been diverted to other channels. Besides ffcot-ballrund crkjkSt'JontphcK, there liavc been' a couple Of balls given and .another is promised for ^.Tuesday evenine. Methoughf on scanning the-ountenau-;es of the guests at Mr. Connolly's, there was a feeling of restrain^ owing to a ftonscJoinness ot iny presence, which marred their pleasure, but while I regret this, I am cou'soled by observing tl-at iny reproofs have taughV iny fellow-townsmen to conduct their public affairs with something like decorum. The complete control whjch our ppst contractors and post nVastors have over i^oPostmasteV-eencrnV renders all hope of Improvement in Ills aepprtnicn^Beless, until tlie Go||N norisy ir»d'tb!ljunale'f1' Mr. Mackenzie? aboiit his busineis, and restores to AM tnisgulded cpnBtituency. the trust their member ha&B;'pMitae.Wpt. I am ftu into this train of thought by ^diSgustifrhehiir delayed the pain and fun of (tearing ft o»eworiairfallinoB read and. spoken ofT which I shall denominate Bar^rii No. 2. ' The schoolmaster ' wae plainly ' at home ' when he penned them, and was neither t j wool-gathering, huntiug for Xatin proverbs, French quota tions, or sentences! which he thought lie cuulii wunderstana and palm off from writings upon nut unit philosophy. Out he cuino; ns like liimnolf , ns any Dominio Suui|is.)nin minia tui-e could bo; mid left ns,'Jie hue, iu an ainjvzini; 'quandavy of doubt, whother liis poi/try, his pi-one, his .'morals' or Iris * t morality, his .politics or hin pedantry, is the mo«t to he pitied and condemned. It in- hardly to be credited, that he, who rou'd inflict such a jumble of nonsonse, «uch ^a-'d'splay of ignorance of the law .rf harmony, {rhythm.) and siichnn idea of nhut js a 'moral,' enn be permitted by our laws and customs, to date bis productions from any other place than a lunatic nsylum. Nor cau it bo well t-oiiceivefl how the Govern ment can tolerate the monstrosity of having the well-paid timo and clear judgment of our police magistrate trifled with, by the inti usinns and wanderings of euch an individual, I am told there is a striking resemblance in Bcrtorii No. 2, to Rnmo beautiful productions which appeared many years ago fi-om the siinio source in a Morcton Bay paper — and that there were enoi .nous Hoods oleo in those days. Asa believer . in supernatural ac's, as well as thiugs X-nyu!/)., I cau nudcr Rt;md this. The tremendous rains which tllo postman mnlros out have f-illen in the vicinity of your office, to me in a proof that nature tried licr best to blot out tire disappointed poli tic'nn's c-ffusions, and. failing »n this most merciful effort, fl»orli-a ti.p TtarHinbah fortlmith, »' Almt *e a»OTiy to yoUr readers. rfpcci«'y amon?st his old supporters, might, by 'dnliiv, lip diluted Commendable enough, indeed, and it is to b» hr.ped hR ivill henceforth repay her kindness by cor rnctinir his abominable prosody.' Why, O'on TIaly or Unc Itonzic In the As^emhly would tint, in their most unguarded moments, fancy tUat 'carouse' rhymed with, 'house,' 'vmVe' with 'noise.' 'bu»s' with 'fools,' or 'condescen- sion' witJi 'flscenfion,'— nor will they understand what moral can bocontained or drowfl from the unsuitable epithets given ihcm of n ' dog' and 'snake.' The Attorney- -Jene- ral i« hv iio mentin F-mlv-liscd by n serpent — woulfl that he cov'd be ; nor Is Mr. Haly's de%-otinn to Brisbane any cvi fVnre thiitius fidelity is eqml to the Pontos and boatswains of his tiatiw lnnd. Tlie rnista-Ttes of one. and the. unfaithful ness of both, demand for them other titles, and, under nny nircunistances. more plejrant ones. I could ham refi-aineil a i little longpr fi-o»n remarking upon BewriiV absnrditiea, thousrh they are here too common and, to men of education and Virceding, offensively frequent — ^hanlie not ungratefully anflimpudontlyaliuded to our 'shopkeepers.'' 'shoemakers,™ and tail-'rs.' ? I must aflniit that they do not aspire to the distinction in flu- ir reBjiective c.illinga of a-Baiinn, a -Rtult7, or n Hobr ; but tlioy nevertheless are so respectable that there must over be an immense distance between the'r doggerel reviler arid themselves ; and they are so consistent.jlhat thgy do not ape. nor wish to belong to a class, which they have no prpttn^ons to. - Moreover, they aro possessed nf g ood» sound memories, and have not permitted their .dealings in ' 'Rnpnii ' and ' Locke ' to remit them to forjret.-tlint butter and flour. In a small way, mieht havp been the would-be poli tician's support at one time of his life. I am sorry to find that your own correspondent, did not favir you with any remarks last wek. I trusted he would have jriven some promise of amendment, sono evidence that l'o intended to communicate henceforth witllont fear and fn vor.' He miphthavfi alluded,to a very pretty little piece of srnssip whirh-w.-is going the round of tin1 town before lie left, but which flooB not come -wiibin iny province to tnuch ufioii. Next week perhaps I may. The Poptmaster-Genr.ral lias written to one of 'Ms supywrtcrs here a very strong donurieia r.iou against youw.lf. ,i\id. T am told, hae threatened to resign liis sr-nt, pay, and place, if he is not more respected and sup ported — or. at he styles it. ' has not more credit (riven him for liis intentions ' — A modest request, to .say the least of ft, ami more worthy of his career. ? ;.'??? ? -.» I f-ircot to mention that the new township of. Tyrnnnt js already existing in thctniudsof nur'stnrelceeporii, An^lii ^pavty, , is out p.xjilonmr the road. On their rciurn'thcy will lii^bf onpn dispatched t9 Ban flan with injunctions iicver to retuftvj!; with ?utthe'Ohost. As :»n additional iHducemenJiarreiv.nrd ?? of thp hnst Hcpza at T.iabin-ra is offered to tUe/lil^UJvUo catches uvcu. Uit slmdcw of the sprite.. In cSe of.|[pilure the talk is, tliat Mr. Haly is preparing a Bill ^vhiMfi^U be r passed through both Houses on the second night JoflSneeting (by a suspension of the Standing Orders) and ha iotitulisd^- ' '. ? .. . An Act for tiic. abolition of the Cfhost of San Ban, andd'.wrs ? oilier troublous Apparitions. Further, that tliC Colonial Trea. surer has consentod to assist his able colleague in pDrfecting the measi've. . *'*' ^ «ajnd:ih, Hth-^pi?!. 