Has Mr Loader, the Postmaster-General, forfeited his seat in Parliament by accepting the office of Commissioner of Customs ? That is the question which has been raised by the lion, and learned member for the Ovens, Mr 'Wood. And although it has been somewhat fully argued pro and con. on both sides of the House, a select committee has nevertheless been appointed to inquire into the law and practice of the case, aiid report for the guidance of the House. It is rather unfortunate that the committee will find but very few, if indeed any, precedents to enlighten them on the score of usage in such cases — usage being the great, guide in all matters Parliamentary. And this dearth of precedents arises from the anomalous character of the proceeding which forms the subject of investigation; whilst, again, both the absence of precedent, -und the unusual occurrence of such anomalous official appointments, form the strongest ground for the opinion that is urged by Mr Wood and those who agree with him, namely, that the Ministry are not justified in the opinion tliat their colleague can, on accepting his new office, retain his seat in Parliament without submitting to the constitutional practice of getting re-elected by his constituents. How does the case stand ? A person in Parliament who accepts an office of profit under the Crown, thereby forfeits his seat, ana requires to do re-eiectea oy ms consti tuents before he can again resume his Par liamentary position. Mr Loader, already a Minister, has accepted a second' office in the Ministry, namely, the Commissioners!] ip of Customs, which office is accounted to be, and is iu fact, an office of profit under the Crown, because there is a salary attached to it. Ministers, however, say it is not an office of profit to Mr Loader, because that gentleman has agreed to accept it without salary, and his appointment to it without salary has been gazetted. They argue therefore that its acceptance does not entail on him the forfeiture of his seat in Parliament. Is this a tenable argument ? The office is an office of profit, in the consti tutional sense, because a salary is attached to it. Regarded not in the constitutional sense, but in the commercial sense of a ' profit and loss' account, it would be an office of loss, and not of profit, to many hon. members, say to Mr Miciiie, for instance, or any other professional man in full practice, who would lose that practice by giving up his time to this office. The description then -of the post as an ' office of profit under the Crown,' means an office which has a salary attached to it, and not an office which is a profitable or lu crative place for the individual who fills it. It is in fact the constitutional definition of a salaried office, whether the salary is lucra tive or not — whether it is a profit or a loss to the individual who occupies it. The com missionership of Customs being thus techni cally and properly in the constitutional sense, an ' office of profit,' can the abnegation of an individual who fills it temporarily, in declining to draw the salary attached to it, change the character impressed upon it by the constitution of our Government? It is impossible it can do so. Nothing can change the character of the office, except that which gave it this character, namely, the authority of Parliament. The caprice, or desires, or practice of an individual Minis ter, or of a whole Ministry, can have no effect whatever upon it. Parliament alone is able to change its character and constitution. Eut Parliament has a3 yet done nothing of the kind. And therefore the Comrnissionership of Customs remains Still, what it was from the beginning, viz , an ' office of profit under the Crown.' And the member of Parliament who accepts it forfeits his seat in the Legislature in consequence, and must be re-elected by his constituents, before he can again sit in the House. There are many other grounds to show that Mr Loader has forfeited his seat by taking the additional office of Head of the Customs. But it is unnecessary to go into them,now, as the subject will again come before the Assembly. We abstain from noticing the want of policy and tact in, dealing with their sup porters which the Ministry have exhibited in this matter. They look for support to a certain body of members in the Assembly ; and they needlessly cast a slight upon them by refusing to accept any of them as colleagues, and taking instead the doubtful and inex pedient course of appointing one of them selves to the vacant post. This was an egre gious mistake. However, as the legal aspects of tho case are still undecided, the impolicy which it exhibits may be passed over with out further comment for the present. Ix/is not given to anybody to excel in all things, and if our friends west of the At lantic shoot ahead of all rivals in energy, enterprise, and material progress, they are just : as much behind the day in that particular class of matters which Chesterfield advised his son about, Jaud which the ancients ; placed under the special guardianship of tne.Grace's. It will take the fogies of the old world and some young competitors also, a long .while, yet to overtake Yankee' vigor, directness, and breadth of yiew in the art of planting a terriory or discovering and developing in dustrial pursuits. But turn from business and join brother Jonathan in hi3 moments of relaxation — at least, as we find it depicted j in his public organs — go with him to the ball or the promenade, and you will find that the social tone of the promising young giant savors less of the metropolis and the nine teenth century than of the country town and a past generation. In our periodical ' looking up' of the American newspapers, we find among them a class of journals, nu merous, and undoubtedly well-supported, which recal to mind the Satirist andthcComet, the Paul Pry and the Budget, and similar old country publications which figured on the stage and were making their parting uow mere m our juvenile nays. j*. wigu portion of the material relied on in their columus for tickling the public is the same — scandal or gossip ; personality is the staple, barbed or stingless. The passion for small notoriety of one's self, and chit-chat, harmless or evil, about one's neighbor, which the Hociiefoucaults classify as a characteristic of sequestered provincialism, is catered for in a way which we could suppose welcome to the quidnuncs of a village coterie, but which looks curious enough when perused in the leading organ of a large and bustling city. For they are not mere hole-and-corner sheets, as formerly in England, which in America pander to this grotesque and unclevated public taste — we light on those curiosities of journalism in even the most prominent news paper of the most important city of the States. America is a stalwart lively youth, with all the exuberant strength, . but it is iiKewise evident witn an tne exuDerani weaknesses, of the vernal season. He can run a race, or leap an obstacle in politics or business with anybody, or perhaps better than anybody ; but his mind is still in the trammels of hobbledehoydom, and he yet, it seems, preserves a zest for the tattle of his grandmother's tea-table ! For how else are we to comprehend his relish for such gossip as the following, of which we find almost four columns in a single number of the New York Herald, under the taking title of' Our ' Fast Men — Our Fast Women — andOur Fast ' Horses'! Much of the peculiarities of de scription are ' caviare to the multitude ' at this distance,- but as well as we can gather, the locale is the fashionable drive and prome nade of New York : — Mr Judsou, of indiarubber notoriety, stills cuts a swell among the bloods on Bloomingdale, Horace H. Day claiming no power over him with his injunction except when he attempts to join the gilt edge and soberly respectable caravan in Central Park. Judson became tired of being left behind when there was any fast driving, and being unable to make time to suit him with his 2000 dol. grays, he lias purchased Morgan L. Mott's team, a lirown and a gray, both ful. sixteen hands high, and weighing upwards of two thousand and three hundred pounds. The brown goes by the name of ' Reliance,' and the gray 'Tiger,1 and although their size would indicate nut little speed, yet they are quick and sprightly, and will trot at the pole in 2.37. The pair is probably the most gentle of any of the blooded horses on the road. Mr J. has also, two or three saddle-horses, well trained, and in fact goes in for u splurge generally. TTn l*«n nt.A». T/lftrt rtn\ nf w..lsl-n» n^fnnf YM*/*tf^FS ilC JUV3 UUUUL / \JWyj UUi. Ul 1UUUU yc*LVim j/iv**w wrapped up in horseflesh, all for his health. Then the United States arc duly informed that ' the Lelands. of the Metropolitan, ' move in the stylish crowd, and have a ' ' four-in-hand ' turn-out, have a variety of .' horses, and one of the handsomest white ' animals in the city ; he usually drives in ' his four-in- hand establishment three bays ' and a gray, the latter used as the off ' wheel horse.' Nor is the Central Park deficient in attractions of a more unusual kind. Here, for example, is a cluster of monstrosities : — ' Gen. White -wheels into ' linj with a calico horse, that will trot in ' 2 45, or go 20 miles an hour, just as a man ' may desire,' while a Mr George Jenkins has an ' English imported bull, that works ' in harness, and kicks up all sorts of didoes ' amongst the fast men, a yellow and white ' animal, which he calls Dick Sands, and ' has been known to go at the rate of a ' mile in four minutes.' And a no less ' singular lusns nalurce — ' Mr Whitehead, ' lawyer, holds the ribbons to a fine sorrel ' mare ; is quite active, and has the marks ' of a fleet animal.' A calico horse, a playful bull that can trot fifteen miles an liour in harness, and a lawyer who ' is quite active ' and has the marks of a fleet animal,' and must be therefore invaluable to clients in the '? law's delays,' certainly constitute a series of phenomena well worth a walk from Broadway to behold ! But to return to the commonplace, it ap pears that ' Colonel Johnson, cracker ' baker, has a beautiful sorrel mare that is ' a kind family horse and can trot in five ' minutes ; he has a fancy for the Astoria ' road.' Likewise that ' Corxeil Corson, ' of the Red House, now drives the horse ' that Henry Arcularius spread himself '.' with last year.' Nor does the careful chronicler omit to notice — Quite a number of young bloods have been seer. on the road this tail — mostly new comers, wno look like clerks. They usually drive about three minute horses, and after they have been there a month more no one will notice them, unless they happen to get in the way of the fast nags. We noticed a few evenings since a pair of medium sized dark bays, sprightly and excellent motioned, animate, hitched to a small waggon and driven by a middle aged gentleman, who seemed to take a good deal of comfort with thsm, and wa3 evi dently proud of his horses, as he might be, although not speedy. We are unable to give the driver's name. The teams that Huntington, the forger, and Lane, the defaulter, made short splurges with have been divided, and are rarely to be seen on the road. We may be puzzled to understand how the readers of the most widely circulated journal i in the Union can possibly find en tertainment in the information that one fre quenter of the Central Park, major and upholsterer, has just paid five hundred dol lars for 'his new set of harness from ' Walter/' or that so many others with style and title duly set forth, possess nags equal to 2.30 or 3.30, and are all ambitious for a ' splurge.' , But though the fact that this is entertainment may be as mystical to strangers as the word s and figures in which it is conveyed, there is.no doubt of its being a fact : nevertheless. It must be relished, for it is summed up with the notice 'to be 'cont-nued,' and we find it copied in exteiiso into many of the local papers from Baltimore to San Francisco. The newspapers are largely chargeable with the increase of this, absurd and morbid craving for personal notoriety in any shape which seems to have become a weak point of the American cha racter. And it hardly accords with the prescriptive idea of republican dignity and simplicity to seethe citizen ride into coveted publicity on no higher taerits.than those of his horse^ and his wife , and daughters simi larly - ballooned ^ into ; ?popular notice * by; some daily, broadsheet s. turgid - criticism of their millinery. What would the grim old Pilgiim Fathers think if they could only see their fair descendants thus photographed, charms and gauzes Nth, for the delectation of every breakfast table ? How would their Puritan ideas of femininrf reticence chime in with a boastful and inte resting announcement, now before us, re specting one lady at a public ball bavin'- expended a thousand dollars on each of her three flounces ! The doings of the American, press and the vulgar, grotesque and mis chievous tastes they widely engender, arc quite enough to disturb the Mayflower patriarchs in their graves, or make the ghosts of the men of ' '7G' wonder what the world is coming to. The tendency to ' fastness' in the rising generation which, in other words and in divers ways, is an outraging sometimes simply of good taste and sometimes of the arrangements of nature, is not confined to be sure to America. From the strictures of the Saturday Review, the Times, and Morn ing Post we see that it has not been un fashionable of late even among tho youth of the upper circles in England ; but the powerful voice of the press has been there brought to bear on the evil, and the press beyond the Atlantic would do well to follow in the same track, instead of discreditably fosterius the rconulur follies or mis chievous eccentricities of the hour. Thanks to such exposition and encouragement, America is now in the eyes of strangers the land of incongruities and ridiculous contrasts. Her name sug gests the idea of Barnum as well as of that of Washington. And yet surely there is an illimitable field for the ambition and glorious energy of her children — they have m- occasion io nna a vent lor tne luxuriance of those qualities in social oddity. There is no country and there is no 2)eople more ori ginally calculated to impress -the beholder with respect. The land of Niagara and of the 'Father of 'Waters' — of the giant woods and rivers and mountains — where Nature is grandest and most colossal, should not be the stage for popular buffoonery. And the nation which in a fewyearshas stretched its arms from ocean to ocean— which has conquered and dotted with busy cities and countless farms the measureless wilderness, and which has a future even nobler than the noble past, should not lapse into . national foolery with the intoxication of success, as the Romans did of old into Asiatic effemi nacy. It is. the Press, which in most coun tries is tho lever of progress, Eocial as well as political, that in America is the greatest bar aud stumbling block to at least the former. ?Is the Lestfslativo Assembly, yesterday, the Speaker took the chair at twenty minutes past four o'clock. Mr Grceves rose immediately, and moved the postponement of all other busi ness until the question of privilege relative to the position of the hon. Commissioner of Trade and Customs (Mr Loader), which was placed, tho last on the notice paper, was disposed of. This arrangement having- been agreed to, he- resumed the debate by stating that the question, under consideration was not a personal nor party question, but involved a point of Constitutional law. He considered that two questions were involved — the first -was, was the office which Mr Loader had accepted, an office of profit under the Crown, aud if so, was it so at the time when it was accepted by him. He maintained that the 17th clause of the Constitution Act was repealed by the Offi cials in Parliament Act, the provisions of wVich. were much more stringent than those of the Constitution Act; for by the Officials in Parlia ment Act a person was not only disqualified from retaining a seat in the House when profit was attached to the office, but even when hold ing office without any remuneration whatever. In support of this view ho quoted from Rawlin son on Municipal Law, and from Itodgers on the Law of'Elections. Although, therefore, ho entirely agreed with tho lion, member for Beechworth, lie yet considered, on so important a point, the House should not hastily decide, but would suggest that the question be referred to a select committee. Mr Embling considered that if it was referred to a select committee, all discussion oug-ht to be avoided. Mr Verdou agreed that the question should be referred to tho consideration of a select commit tee, but he considered there were precedents both here and in England which entirely dis proved the view taken by Mr Wood. Mr rlorne, on the 29th June, 1858, was appointed President of the Sewerage and Water Commis sion, being at the same time President of the Board of Land and Works, tho salary of which was provided by law ; and Mr Gladstone accepted the office of Lord High Commissioner of the Ionian Islands without receiving the salary at tached to it, and in neitiier case was it re quired that those gentlemen should vacato theiir seats. He maintained that it could not be a place of profit to Mr Loader, as tho condition, on which ho accepted the office was, that he should not receive the salary attached to it. He laid on tho table of the House the opinion of the law officer of the Crown in support of his views. Mr Stephen followed on the same side. Mi* O'Shanassy did not wish to express any decided opinion, as the question would bo re ferred to a committee, but considered that Constitutional practice was rather in favor of Mr Loader's not being obliged to vacate his scat. By the arrangements made for the pay ment of salaries by the Treasurer, it was quite impossible for Mr Loader to receive even the difference of salary between that attached to tho office of Postmaster-General and that of the Commissioner of Trade and Customs, and, there fore, he conceived it impossible that Mr Loader could be said to have been appointed to an office of profit under the Crown. Mr Micbie said that the difficulty in his mind was that the Constitution Act, though it provided that a. person holding two responsible offices under the Crown should forfeit the salaryof one of them, yet did not specify which, and, therefore, in the case in point, the hon. member might draw either the one salary or tho other. It seemed to him that under the present law, unless the committee decided dif ferently or somo alteration was made, that a hew Ministry coming into office might unanimously say that they would not take any salary, and so decline to go their constituents fov re-election Vm the ground that, to use the . words of the Chief Secretary, ' our appoint- . ments are not offices of profit to us,' He denied, that any comparison could bo drawn between t'ao present case and that of a Secretary of State at home changing his de partment, for in the latter instance tho secre taries were appointedgenerally.andany depart ment they took was a matter of arrangement amongst themselves! The repqrt of the com-; mittee, he considered would not bind the House . to anything, its the committee would be simply, appointed to look up precedents, &c;, and palace the result of its labors in the hands ot the House. Mr Duffy would have been better : pleased. had. the question been referred to a . . , . select committee without any discussion taking [ place upon it, but would state that his views had been much altered by the debate. Ho did not think- that', the English precedents ' that , had been quoted' at all applied.. ' '; Thonew point raised by the hon. member for' '?.*; ., , St. Kilda, and tho doubts 'he had ' previously ; , entertained, made him regard _tho question ai » ; (M ; most serious on1©, 'and one which should be, iih-^ ', ., ,,.., mediatelysetOed.! 'Mr Martley pontended that , ?'. -'. ??.. ? if the hon.' member for ly^j Melbourne had,;,,; ,,. '. . ., riot 'forfeited' his seat, there was nothing to pre-1 vent the supposition of tho hon. member for St Kilda coming to pass. DrEvaaa agreed ?with the -course proposed to bo taken, in re ferring tlie .question to a committee, as there ?was senrcely a doubt in his mind as to the ?oundness-of the lion, member for Beech ?worth's conclusions, lie concurred with the remarks of the previous speakers as to tho non-application of the English precedents that h:id been quoted, and said the very fact of Enirli-ib..' members accepting, for the purpose of vacating their seats, the stewardship of tho Chiltcru irundredfl, which had only the suppo sition of a profit or fee attached to it, was an argument u^ain.st the Ministerial views. With out pledging himself to any absolute conclu sions, he should vote for the motion. After a few remarks from Mr Snodgrass, deprecating discussion, 'Mr Wood moved that the question be referred to a select committee, and said that while declining to reply upon the merits of the question, ho must state, in answer to a remark of the Chief Secretary, his opinion that -Dr Macadam wns not holding an office of profit under the Crown, and if lie was, it was not hi« (Mr Wood's) place to take any action in tho matter. Mr Hcaks expressed his opinion that Dr Macadam did hold such an office. The question was then put and carried. Mr Wood nominated twelve members to serve on the committee, but a ballot having been demanded, tho following gentlemen were elected: Messrs J. D. Wood, Michic, J. S. Johnstone, G. S. Evans, W. Gray, C. G. Duffy, Dr Grooves, Haines, Mart.ley, O'Shanassy, and Mollison. The House then adjourned for refreshment. When the House resumed, the Speaker an nounced the names of the lion, members selected to serve on the committee of privilege. On the motion of Mr Brooke, leave was given to the committee to sir on Saturday and Monday, so that their decision might be laid before the House on Tuesday next. In reply to Mr Ser vice, Mr Brooke ' stated some facts relative to the importation of the fourteen locomotive en fincs for the Victorian Railways. In reply to [r Carr, Mr Brooke stated that he had con sulted with the Attorney- General with reference to givinu' free passes on the Government Rail ways to members of tha Assembly, and in con sequence of tho opinion his lion, col league had given, the Government had determined to re-submit the question to the consideration of the Assembly. Mr Heales requested Mr Prendergast to post pone his question with regard to the Divorce Bill. Mr Brooke said that provision would' be made for the carriage of gunpowder on the Government railways. Mr Heales, in reply to Mr Wood, saidit was not the intention of the Government to introduce a bill to amend the Insolvency laws this session, but they purposed doing so next. In reply to Mr Reid, Mr Brooke said that the information asked respecting the road between Wangaratta and Chiltern had been telegraphed for but not received. In answer to Mr Levi, Mr Brooke said that no instructions had been given to survey a line of railway between Castlemaine and Mary borough, nor was it the present intention of the Government to do so. Mr Verdon, in reply to Mr Mollison, said it was his intention to ask the House to proceed with the votes for roads and bridges as early as possible, and proposed to ask that they may bo taken on Tuesday week. Mr Heales said that Professor Hcarn s bill, for tho conveyance and registration of real property, had been under the serious con sideration of . the Government. It was being again considered, and would in a few days be laid liefore tho House. A return was laid upon the table of the House, giving par ticulars asked for by. Dr Embling respecting the Quarantine station. Mr Brooke laid on the table papers ho had promised respecting the Yan Yean Water AVorks, The House then proceeded to consider the report of the commit 'tee on the Governor's Salary Bill. Air Molli son moved a re-committal of the bill, with a view to making the amount of the ?Governor's salary £8000 a year instead of £7000. A warm debate then ensued. Mr Humffray deprecated Government being assailed with taunts from the other side of tn&* Houso on the' score of inconsistency. Mr Ebden, not having been present on tho previous occasion, explained his reasons for voting for the smaller sum. Mr Johnston would like to support the Ministry, but declined to follow them in their inconsistent course. Mr Don ?warned the hon. members on the Opposition side, that it w.ts the last time they would have the opportunity of voting for so large an amount as £7000, as without they ac cepted that proposition now, £5000 would be all that they would get next year. Mr Gray and Mr Woods supported the smaller amount being retained, and Mr O'Shanassy urged the Opposition to accept the proposition as a com promise, for that course would make the result binding on both sides, and would prevent the question being reopenod by any dissatisfied portion of the House next session. Mr Hartley said he, for his part, was willing to accept a compromise, but a fair one must bo made. He proposed that the salary should bo fixed at £6000 with £1500 for allowances. He believed that compromise would be accepted by his side of the House. After a few remarks from Mr L. L. Smith, Mr Carr formally moved the amendment, to the effect that the future salary of his Excellency the Governor of Victoria from tho timo appointed in tho bill, should be £6000 and £1500 for allowances. Mr M'Lellan opposed the offer being accepted. Mr Duffy would not oppose the passing of the Bill for' the 'sake of £500, especially as the amendment might render the bill more accept able to the Upper House. Mr Healos accepted the offer of a compromise on behalf of the Go vernment, and congratulated the House on the prospect of the question being amicably settled, at the same time defending his Ministry from the charge of inconsistency. Mr Snodgrass opposed both the amendment, and the schedule as it stood, insisting upon the restoration of the item to the original amount of £8000. On a division the amendment was affirmed by 40 votes to 13. The schedule was amended accordingly by tho insertion of £7500. The third reading of the bill was then carried by a majority of the whole House, and tho bill passed. Mr Verdon moved the second reading of the State Aid to Religion Abolition Bill. At the conclusion of the hon. Treasurer's remarks, Mr Heales moved an adjournment of the debate. Mr O'Shanassy opposed the adjourn ment, and taunted the Government with insin -cerity with regard to the measure. He entered into a lengthy, refutation of the argu ments advanced by, the hon. Trea surer in support of . the second reading. ? Mr Service supported the adjournment, which 'was carried on a division by a majority of 15. The St. Kilda and Brighton Railway Company's Bill was then read a first time; and after a motion by Mr Frazer, the Houso was counted out at twelve o'clock. 