aiv?lsnvary excise staff. WeiiIio 4 entary speaker, Mr. fet»fpamclinVi 71010118 llnbits- 0nej tot J- „ Delai,ge masses of figures, lelaHr,,, .?10rG tkan a verv remote discuss 'n, subject lie proposes to !«; snljLf ? berj tbat of degrading- 'invest yit ,viHb0iCQ - Thste> te'metlri,„ , . j nil nir of gro- Jjslied tiswiio' ?dl tll0SQ> 110 hr- 5 speech m d vm7. !'1' specimens in o Wcdnecdn 'stillntion question % thp f eveninR Inst. nr.ii mavr,mer-i tbes.0 babits> Mr. n reimtlf0SS y tbinlc of nequir- \ as. a doalQr in cr mend i R so> 1' must 'fpoct, 0r ou,s manners in this delusion X S0?nor lls P'ets vid of !n!l11' savi Jr T ' Por what ;.1Ve thono-iii- ' f 0A?En> would ever whid J5 Si'ns int0 cnlcultl- ucu BPi'ead over more than lia.f a column of closely printed matter ' in then- most condensed form, to show how many acres of land it would have taken, year by year, from 1851 to 1802 to have produced the brandy, whisky geneva, and wine, we have drunk! during that long period, without so much as even onco hinting at its cost of. production ? Or, if we bad any other " great calculator" of this kind among us, oi what earthly use would his calculations be when made ? If; dropping all allusion to Mr. Loader himself, liis calculations were to have been of any value, he should have shown us, first, at what cost this bMndy, whisky, geneva, and wine, could havo been produced, and, next, that thore was no risk' of our being undersold in our own market by the foreign producer. For, if there be any truth in- that : fundamental axiom of political, economy, that no conn- try should devote itself: to the production of . that, which it can" purchase, :by labour devoted to other pursuits,- cheaper than it can produce it, without a loss of the difference be tween the cost of production and the cost of purchase, of what use are laboured calculations as to our capabili ties in this respect ? . If it takes us, for instance, in materials and labour, from 5s. to 6s. to produce a gallon of spirits, which we can purchase in bond, at from 4s. to 5s. per gallon, how would the country be benefitted by it ? . We shall not follow Mr. Loader with any large mass of figures, to prove, what he has not > condescended to notice, but,, what wo have proved to our . hand,' in a Parliamen tary paper . before us, — the cost : at which spirits can be produced in this and the neighbouring colonies, assum ing materials' at a certain price, . and labour at a certain rate. But wo may just hint at results. The cost of a gallon of colonial spirit, distilled from sugar, would be: 4s. 6d. ; that is, 2s. the cost of fourteen -pounds of suo-ar and 2s. 6d., the cost of manufacture! And tho cost of a gallon, distilled from grain, would he 4s. 8d. ; that is, Is. 8d. for two-thirds of a bushel of grain, at 2s. fid. . per bushel, and 3s.; cost of manufacture. These figures are not taken, because they express the real facts of the case as- regards ourselves, but because they are those of gentlemen practically ac quainted with the subject. And if with train at 2s. fid. a bushel, and labour at s. fid. per day, a gallon of spirits can not be produced for less than 4s. 8d., at what cost does Mr. Loader thiulc it can be produced here, with, grain at 5s. to 7s. fid. per bushel, and labour at an almost equally:, advanced rate ? Assuming/ however,; that we could manufacture spirit from grain at the rate, at which :it ..can be had in .bond, then comes the other , great question, which, like- the former, — the cost of production,— Mr. Loader found it convenient to. overlook in his .calcula tions. Our , estimated revenue from- imported spirits this year is L.675,000, ana if it were possible to supply the place of this, or of any considerable portion of this, with spirits of colonial manufacture, how would he make up for his loss of revenue ? Would his L.2, his L.5, or his- L.10 licences do. this ? Would lie not. either have: to revise, the wholo fiscal policy of .the, country, or give birth, at the antipodes, to what is so truly abhorrent to the mind of every Englishman,' a system of excise laws? He sneaks, indeed, of the loss of revenue, by illicit distilla tion, and of the bill lie is about to introduce, as intended to raise un " a " voluntary excise staff." But does he know tho meaning of the. words he uses ?' Or, does he hope to put down illicit, distillation, by any " excise staff," —voluntary, or involun t try,— of to over master it, in any other way,' than by a removal of the temptations to it? Mr. Loader's " consolidation bill of " one hundred and severity- two clauses" will be no more potent for this purpose, than "the voluntary excise staff" to which.it is to give birth. And as to ;nny considerable revenue from it, there is. not the ghost of a chance of that. What duty could Mr. Loader- impose upon . colonially manufactured spirit, which would not either be wholly ubsorbed in its collection, or present such temptations to the evasion of its payment as could not be resisted ? His " voluntary excise staff" might take out their L.10 licenses, under, his " consolidation bill of one hundred and " seventy-two clauses," and thus1 claim- a right to the possession of a still ; but . they would, in the majority of instances, set the restrictions of his bill) -in all other respects, at defiance, however much he might attempt to restrain them by an " involuntary excise staff." Mr. Loader, in fact, not only degrades his subject, but signs the death warrant of his bill, by any allusion to a systerii of " excise laws," as at all connected with it. The people of this colony have not come to that yet. \--BetyVeen the prohibition of internal distillation, except from the'- grape, or the produce of the garden, or orchard, and absolutely free distillation, there is no intermediate resting place inthe.se colonies, so long as they rely on duties on imported spirits for so largo a por tion of their revenuo. And it is not creditable to Mr. Loader, that lie should havo come forward to discuss a grave question of this kind, with a, mind so ill- informed on all that relates to it. If he had only taken the trouble to havo possessed himself of such knowledge of the subject, as he might have obtained by rending, his wnnt of practical ac quaintance with it might have been forgiven. But it is really unendurable, that a Minister of tho Crown should stand up, and spout figuros by the yard, on a grave question of fiscal policy, which lie does not understand, and expect a blind compliance with his wishes. If the occupiers of vineyards, or of gardens and orchards, want spirit for washing and cleansing- their casks, or for fortifying their lighter wines, they should either bo allowed to have it out of bond duty irce, or to distil it for these purposes "for themselves, with out the payment of any duty. And the general revenue of the colony would- not be materially affected by an nr- | rangement of this kind. But any such scheme as Mr. Loader proposes, so long as the present duties on imported spirits are continued, is only worthv of <! jnSeb; aild the band of " native in dustry protectionists," along with him nt the bottom of it. , ' 