The Northam's Mail [Per Electric Telegraph.] (from our sydney correspondent.) Sydney; Tuesday, 6 p.m. 'The steamer .Northam arrived here this morning, and I send you a few of thc more important items. AMERICA. The New York correspondent of the London Times reports that a large naval force, under Captain Davis, had left that place, determined to seize upon a southern port, and so secure to the North a portion of the cotton trade. New Orleans aud and other large ports it will not be attempted to secure, but Fernan- dina, Pensacola, or some other maritime port of like standing and importance, will bo attacked with hostile intent. General M'Clelland is still strengthening and [fortifying his position, and is actively engaged in bringing his army into a state of eflicient organisation. Two grandsons of Louis Phillippe are on the staff of General M'Clelland. The federal government had appointed that the 26th of September should be ob- served as a day of solemn fasting and prayer. Dr.. Russell (the Times' correspondent) writes on the 4th of October, to the effect that no movement is at present contem plated before Washington, but that ere the month is over, land aud river will resound once more with the tumult of battle. ENGLISH AND FOREIGN. Tho Emperor of the French is evidently consolidating his position as leader of con- tinental Europe, and although England cannot fail to be perfectly cognizant of it, she is, as it were, at present "holding a candle to the devil 1" Tho All-England Eleven sailed from Liverpool for Australia on the 20th of Octo- ber, in the Great Britain. The Caesarewitch Stakes at Nowmarket were won by Touchstone The prospectus of the company which has boen projected in London for thc purposo of entering largely into the growth of cotton in Queensland has been published. Tho capital is fixod at £50,000, to be raised ia shares of £2 10s. each. WOOL AND PRODUCE MARKET.. Wool.-The wool market was not in any way depressed, and 70,000 bales were ex- pected to arrive for the September sales. Operators were cautious in their dealings, but no considerable retrogression in price was anticipated. Tallow.-Very little to be found in the market, and consequently in demand. Hides.-In hides prices were well main- tained, but very few were offering, and the demand was brisk. ENGLISH SHIPPING. The Jessie..Munn sailed for Moreton Bay on the 14th of October, and the Saldanha on the 16th. The following vessels were reported as loading at London for the colony of Queens- land : -Clifton ; Beazley; Montmorency; and Lomeroy(?). Queensland Baptist Missionary Socikty. ?Wo noticed in yesterday's issuo that a mooting had been held on tho previous even- ing in tlio Baptist Church, for tho formation of tho above-named s- ciety, and wo now append a copy of tho resolutions adopted at tho meeting. Proposed hy Mr. J. Spence, seconded ? by Mr. T. Ham, and supported hy Mr. T. Slaughter?" That in the opinion of this mooting, tho spiritual requirements of settlors in the bush nnd remote towns of tho colony of Queensland, call for tho sympathy and united action of tho Christian Church to send tho gospol to thoso placos, ovory whero throughout tho colony."?Proposed by Mr. John Kingsford, and seconded by Mr. AV. Mooro,?"That this meeting, regarding tho commission of Christ given to his disciples nt Bethany, as imperatively binding upon the Christian Church, resolves te send out agents to proclaim tho Gospel to ovory creature, and administer tho ordinances ns our blessed Lord delivered thom to his disciples."?Proposed by Mr. W. Grimos, and, seconded hy Mr. Swan,?" That a society he now formed, to he called tho ' Queensland Baptist Missionary Society,' to carry out through divine assistance, tho fore- going resolutions."?Proposed hy Mr. Alex- ander Cameron, seconded by Mr. W. Gray, and supported by Mr. G. Harrison, ? "(1.) Tho Society to bo called tho Queens- land Baptist Missionary Society. (2,) Tho object of tho Society?tho promulgation of tho gospel according to tho commission of our Lord to his disciples?' Go ye, theroforo and teach all nations, baptising thom in tho name of tho Father and ol' tho Son, and of tho Holy Ghost; teaching thom to observe all things whatsoever I havo commanded you; and lo, I nm with you always even unto tho end of tho world. Anion.' (Matt. 2tf? 19,20.) (,'i.) Tho Society to consist of mom hors, ii committee, presidont, troasurer, and secretary. (-1.) Every subscriber to fbo eon sidored a iiiomher of the Socioty, and'ontitlod to vote at tho annual mooting for tho election of committee nnd ofiico-benrors, and at ovory special mooting of tho Socioty. (G.) Tho committee to consist of twclvo porsons, to ho elected from and by tho members of tho Society, tho president, treasurer, and secre- tary to bu members ofthocomniittoo ezofft'.io. Five members of committee td form a quorum. ((!.)_ That tho munagomont of tho Society's business bo under the direction of tho com- mittee, tho said committee to bo onipoworod to naiko such bye-laws as thoy may doom noeossary to oarry out tho objects of tho Society. (7.) Tho committee shall call a general publio meeting, to bo hold in October in ouch year, and shall thou fiirnbh a roport of tho soeiuty's operations for tho yoir, and give a financial statomont of tho Sooioty's aocounts to tho publio." 