im TEMPERANCE ALLIANCE. (Continuation of Dr. ifacniik's Lecture.) I 'Tt ammon beverage of the earlier ages was ale or mead, ^sitiieUtttr of which, plentifully supplied during the niliomtb after marriage, that month derived the name of , i.Kaernioon. The wassail, or drinking cup, was long ''?? 'KkTPurite indulgence of our progenitors ; the first re efed use of which, was at a banquet in honour of king ty&rn;, when his daughter, the beantifal Rowena, pre iiiLKi to the aged monarch a cup of wine, hailed him in . KuBeofneaIth, my lord and king.' Hence arose, W'ihr be inferred, the custom of drinking healths. ^p Health, my lord king,' the sweet Rowena said ; elt- ° Health,' cried the chieftain to the Saxon maid ; I Then gaily rose, and midst the concourse wide, ?'; KUi'd her hale lips, and plac'd her by his side j « n At the soft scene such gentle thoughts abound, iiiOITitt health aud kisses 'mongst the guests went round. ; ? i From this the social custom tooK its rise, 1 '! We still retain, and must for ever prize. ''^reference to intemperance, let the solemn enquiry be ii-'ii. .. nf aM. ' Watchman, what of thenieht? and the n» .?RtrwiH be, ' It is dark,— no star of hope appears, and ^ % reign' abroad.' 'Watchman, what of the night?' mitB their united voices reply, ' Intemperance is doing its tef Ji wrk ,? diseases multiply, and the pestilence which '„,; n walketh in darkness ; the night is far spent and full of 'lor snd the day.star of temperance is afar off.' ElitlSgtchmin, what now of the night?' and the answer is, 1 it nnioters of the gospel have (alien, and the church of , bt weeps, vice reigns triumphant, the fair daughters of ' PA ire reduced, the song of revelry and obscenity is !M tW and Zion is forsaken.' ' Watchman, what think }nl i iof the night ?' ' Virtue abandoned, and vice prevail. J. ? the clouds and devouring fire of heaven descending »eJ s an intemperate world ; the winds howl, the lightning aola, and thunders roll ; the people become alarmed, ami -T. lo and fro with fear ; in this dark fearful night of in 1 perance and sin, the light of knowledge and of true 8'jfppincss»ppcar8.' 'Watchman, what now of the night?' liroj the answer is, 'Through the mercy of Him who has u%i our prayers, and cleansed us in his blood, the star of ' btrance has at length arisen in our benighted world, and ^Knonl-cheering rays nave penetrated the dark profound, || fl been the harbinger of light to illumine the moral re ? Jii of the iouI.' Yea, it brings glad tidings which shall 8 fit tlieipelli of the drunkard, and banish despair from lesmfiouli of men ; it will disperse the gloom of his hitherto ] Avj habitation, and give him a desire to show him a way iffeby he may emerge from his loathsome cell, and enjoy ''^?slight and liberty of a moral and intellectual existence. -jit evils of intemperance may be fitly represented by ijjppthe most striking and appalling. When we read of . JiJtttniction of Herculaneum and Pompeii, by an crup DKpatf Mount Vesuvius, we tremble, ami are filled with jpiireri the event was indeed terrible, and stands pre laatntlj forward to remind us how soon the glory of a a%ra«rpais away. Let Vesuvius, Hecla, and Mount t 'f%i, Single their elements of destruction, and all the .juj%{ijthey possess be brought to bear against the safety, liquid happiness of mankind, their united efforts to in. ' re, would not be equal to that blasting and withering lrt[A«no of intemperance, from whose centre, a burning, dc .jjkting itream of liquid fire, is constantly descending to i mo and blast the sons of men. The destructive fires nf me tmriui rage only for a short time, and then have a long it iltrrtl of repose ; but the fires of the burning volcanoes ., f Intemperance are constantly consuming our bodies, and , Siog our touts with horror. Who strikes the first kindling iff puk of this destructive, insatiate, fiend of man ? The re Werate drinker. Who fans the flame of this burning iKntf The moderate drinker. The fires of Vesuvius ffiel, the fires of alcohol attract ; and up the dread moun aH mi of our country's shame thousands of both sexes are U lutantly lepairing. Mothers, with iifanlst In their arms, , iirbe teen daily ascending the mountain of death, and M lining forward to ruin ; they take a last and desperate leap li ito the yawning gulf, and, with their helpless little ones, .Jeriih.and are seen no more. Witness that promising youth 1 kj, turning from the path of virtue, «nd who has been mis. ff' Id by this light of death ; over his delinquency and fall a fd md mother mourns in sorrow, and a father bends in sad . m towards hit untimely grave. Heedless i of the warnings fed entreaties of his friends, he throws himself into the ptroying cauldron, md is lost for ever. The Christian, g ipo, leaves his church to meet the same fate ; and the once ? .flreot and devoted minister of God forsakes the pulpit, !''puidon- prayer, nr.glebts his Bible, and despairing his joffimour, he madly rushes up the mountain of death. For r()[- n mercy has no charms, love no influence, the Bible no j iBomiie, the earth no tie, and eternity no prospect, but the »£ iJickncM of darkness for ever. Come out, then, ye mode. -r(i ii!t drinkers, from the mountain of death, and enjoy with |(j Bthe pleasures and pure light of temperance ; your drink ,' iBuddv, and your prospects are gloomy ; our drink is iW iSarai crystal, and our prospect is bright j your system -k: aihi drunkards, our system reclaims them ; your prac. fi tiiti are dangerous and unprofitable, while ours are safe ' cJ beneficial ; your mist leads you to the dark loathsome 111 nil of drunkenness, while our light g aides to the healthful cf- tWni of cobriety and true happiness. In speaking of imnkenneis, it is impossible not to be struck with the phy. 11 ibl and moral degradation which it lias spread over the D£ ,K-ld, Wherever intoxicating liquors become general, .11, Otility has been found to decline. They seem to act like '' Itornido, or the simoom of tho desert, and scatter des. ?Section and misery around their path. The ruin of impe jjj g) Rome was owing to luxury, of which indulgence in fiunu the principal ingredient. Hannibal's army fell Wfflby the arms of Scipio than by the wine of Capua; and '?tiiti inebriated hero of Maccdon, after claying his friend Mai, and burning the palace of Persepolis, expired at , W of intoxication, in his 33rd year. Tho Gothic or dark 1 ;«t» teem to have been those in which wine was least VI mnfflon. In nroof of this, it mav be mentioned that in :fj IBS, it was vended as a cordial by some English apothe. . iMria Brandy appears to have been known to the cele. ™ luted Galen, who recommended it for tho cure of voracious jl -fP«lite ; and its distillation was common in Italy, at the . commencement of the 14th century. Mungo Park, in his Itatcli, relates that very good beer, obtained by tho usual Wwss of distillation, is in common use among the natives fa the interior of Africa. When in that country some JOtt ago, I had many opportunities of observing both 1 Wttt and Europeans intoxicated from drinking toddy, a . Wt obtained from the fermented juice of the palm tree. d( I hare alto observed the same effects among the natives of tow, from drinking arrack, a highly intoxicating liquor 1 cWiitted from rice. You thus boo that almost everything ' W consume, even rice, which is the staff of life of millions . of human beings, contain alcohol. But this !b not all. For I Wiidei rice, bread and other farinaceous substances, and wonol— strange to say — may be obtained from coal. A I Kptlfic and ingenious Scotchman has succeeded in ob i Uinl-- spirit* of a highly intoxicating nature from coal, '^?'Bi chloroform, and an invaluable oil, which in colour * T yith the finest sherry, or the purest amber. In addi j!Uj i to the abovo, this gentleman has also discovered in coal —foe parrot coal— a valuable substance named by him, P^n.whioh is now extensively used as a substitute for | ?B'lt-producing power of Scotch coals. To the good effects *£»ater upon a large body of men constituting an army, *ra ffnilo marching under an Indian sun, I beg here briefly » allude. During the whole lino of our maroh (this was wring my first campaign), one regiment had not a singlo ! ni«n confined, or punished for disobedience or drunkenness. Although the rond over which we passed was proverbial for r. cholera, dysentery, and fever, tho men composing our force jew freo from sickness, to an extent absolutely unpreco. owed in marches in India j they had neither cholera nor Wrw, and we lostonly two men by dysentery, both of whom weriold chronic cases taken out of hospital at Madras, , PMTiou* to embarkation. With these exceptions, there Was scarcely a serious cose during the whole march. The officers in command were surprised to find that the men marched infinitely better, with less fatigue, and with fewer struggles, than they had ever before known ; and it was no. ticed and remarkedby everyone, that the men were unusually cheerful and contented. There could not be a more con vincing proof that the stimulus of spirits is unnecessary in the tropics, even during great bodily exertion and fatigue. These facts are not merely remarkable ; they are valuable for us to know. Wine, or spirits, or porter, may be useful, and even necessary to the aged and the invalid, and others under various circumstances ; but to men in youth and prime they are needless, and they may be injurious. As to wine, it was so common in ancient times, as to have had a tutelar god appropriated to it ; Bacchus and his companion Silenus are household words in the mouths of all, and con. stitute most important features of the heathen mythology. Wine was so common in the eastern nations, that Mahomed, foreseeing the baleful effects of its propagation, forbade it to his followers, who, to compensate themselves, had re course to opium. Hence the use so extensively of opium in Turkey and the east. It is evident, from many parts of Scripture, that strong drink is there held forth as a thing of great peril, and the excessive indulgence of it denounced in connexion with the vilest sins both against God and man. We do not, certainly, find strong drink expressly and universally prohibited, but if we can find any one pas sage, in which the abstinence from cither is particularised as a characteristic sign or accompaniment of superior holiness, it is a negative argument that the use of them is, in some degree, inconsistent with, or inimical to, the attainment of that purity which a Christian should strive to obtain. Now, there is such a pas sage in the 1st chapter of Luke, in the angel's announce ment to Zacharias of the birth of John the Baptist. The words of the angel are as follow: — ' Many shall rejoice at his birth ; for he shall be great in the sight of the Lord, and shall drink neither wine nor strong drink; and he shall be filled with the Holy Ghost, even from his mother's womb.' By the other evangelists he it described as living on locusts and wild honey ; and Bishop Home goes so far as to ascribe to his abstinence that greatness of character foretold by the angel. With reference, however, to Scripture, the experi ence of all ages has shown the demoralising tendency of intoxicating liquors on a people partaking of them. The great founder of Christianity knew this, but he did not seek to establish a religion of forms and restraints, — he laid down no law on the subject, but left it to our own free .will, under the guidance of our conscience, to determine for our. selves how far and under what circumstances the lawful should be made to give place to the expedient. There is the liberty if we will take it ; but if there be a danger in availing ourselves of its full extent, is not self-denial wis dom? — may it not even become a duty? But independ ently of the passages which bear directly on the subject, we think the principle is sufficiently enunciated in our Saviour's expression, ' If thine eye o fiend tliee, pluck it out.' He does not say, correct its vision, gaze less intently, or shift its point of view, but pluck it out. The expression is of course figurative, and applies, therefore, to all kinds of of. fence of which the conscience is susceptible through the medium of the senses— whether it enter through the eye, the ear, or the mouth. He taught in effect that virtue might derive aid from wisdom, and he both showed us the way and gave us the prayer for the avoidance of temptation and deliverance from evil. As a prudent general will rather retire- from an enemy than risk defeat in an unequal con. test, the Christian soldier in like manner, with his soul at stake, may be well justified in retreat if he doubt in his strength for victory. The drunkard, therefore, knowing his urMtkness. will nvo'd his foe rather than grannie with him in a conflict which he cannot sustain. Flight js his only safeguard— flight through the narrow, undeviating path of total abstinence. Mahomet introduced into the Koran a positive interdiction against the use of wine. The Koran itself states the reason in these words for its prohibition— ' Because it is the source of more evil than profit.' In another pl-ice it is thus condemned, in company with gamb ling, idolatry, and witchcraft—' O ye who have become believers— verily wine, and lots, and images, ami divining arrows are an abomination of the work of the devil ; there, fore avoid them, that ye may prosper and live.' Lane, in his edition of the 'Arabian Nights,' observes, 'The pro hibition against wino hindered many of the prophet's con temporaries from embracing his religion,— yet many of the most respectable pagan Arabs, like certain of the Jews and eatly Christians.-abstained totally from wine from a feeling of the injurious effects upon morals, and, in their climate, upon health, or more especially from the fear or being led into the commission of foolish and degrading actions. If the truth of these propositions be conceded, the expediency of total abstinence among all Christians becomes a question of too much importance to be hastily or lightly treated. To the clergy of all denominations we emphatically appeal, as peculiarly bound to the duty, both by their opportunities and vacation, to assist in staying the baneful and pestilential career of the drunkard. And to you, Christian brethren, do we look for help in the cause of the most wretched and depraved of your fellow men. Be not motionless and apathetic at the horrible scenes that are enacting daily around you— within almost a step of your own house. Look at yonder glittering array of pandemonian dwellings, under the designation of public-houses, and which arrest the eye wherever it turns, and which is a reproach to our country. Enter into one of them with me, ond believe if you can that the actors in the great drama of destruction that is played tliere aro your own fellow-creatures. Dp not leave them until perhaps you meet them in the jail or the lunatic asylum, whither many of them aro assuredly fast hastening, but make an effort to stop them in tho way and lead them by every argument and persuasion you can use, from the den of degradation and of woo into the peaceful chambers of temperance. In reviewing tne efforts which have been made, and the conquests which have been achieved, we wonder that any should bo found in the present day who profess to love'mankind and still continue to uphold the drinking customs of society. I may preach with the earnestness of a St. Paul, and the,eloquence of an ^polios, but unless you abstain from principle and love to man from the use of intoxicating drinks, our labour will be in vain, and we have no right, from experience of the past or proofs of the present, to expect that we shall accomplish the re. formation of the obdurate drunkard.- If we would do away with the accused thing, wo must bring all our energies and powers of mind to bear against this crying sin. Let us bo among the first to put away this growing evil from amongst us. Visit the lost, speak comfort to the afflicted and thoso who are in sorrow and under the dominion of alcohol, and peace to those that despair and are in bondage, and the re. formed drunkard will return to your sanotunry like doves to the windows, and then you will rejoice and see the work of the Lord abundantly prosper in your hands. 1 he system which wo oppose is inwrought with the very constitution of society. It has the tastes ana prejuuices ot aimosi me entire community as its bulwarks, and finds in every house a shelter, and at overy table an advocate. There is the in fluence of the press giving it atabil jty— the customs of society casting over it tho shield of their protection ; there is the opposition of those who love drink, and tho apathy of those who do not— the government legalizing the sale of it— tho church giving it respectability, and our rulers encouraging it j and must we, with our limited means and so many im pediments in our path, shrink in despair before an array so formidable ? It is not thus that all great reformations are achieved. Had tho apostles of old been intimidated by difficulties and discouragements, they had never passed the walls of Jerusalem to proclaim the Gospel j and had Co lumbus listened to his unbelieving suilors, his eyos would never have beheld the beauties of the new world, lee. totalism has met with formidable opposition, but it has also mot 'with unwonted success, and nuocess gives energy .to enterprise. Tho idea has been conceived— the model has beon constructed. We desiro no now principle— we demand no new apparatus ; we only ask that the principle: bo ap. plied, and that the means of its application be greatly in creased. Let tho press, the avowed advocate of truth, vindi. cate her chancier here j let our churches frown upou the evil, and smile on the means which arc employed for its destruction ; snd let those who have adopted the principle and readed tb; benefits redouble their efforts in its behalf, and with faith, and prayer, and energy, go forward to com plete triumpi The Bible is our guide and text book, the prophets arecur friends, and the apostles our companions ; its precepts ore clear, and its commands are positive, when it tells us tothun the appearance of evil, we recognize our principles, wthear them in its terrible threatening! and holy invitations— is letter and its spirit are with us, and with such itnplerrmtB, what need we fear the result God has acknowledge the work to be his own ; and if God be with us, who can te against us ? 