THE NEGOTIATION OF ACCOMMODATION PAPER A CRIMINAL OFFENCE. (From the Economist, March 16 The following observations of Mr. Commissioner Holroyd, in his judgment in the case of Messrs. Streatfield and Co., are so very important to bankers and to all commercial men, that we think it desirable to reprint the more important portions of them : There cannot he a doubt but that the methods at d to deceive banks into making advances upon accommodation paper are nothing else but commercial swindling- that is, obtaining money on false pretences, No doubt it may be said that a bank has it in its 1 power to question its customers as to the character of their bills, and that they are themselves to blame for discounting bills with too great facility. But to ask a respectable customer if he deals in accommodation paper is much the same thing as to ask a gentleman if he were in the habit of cheating. Nothing can more clearly demonstrate to any person of sound and unbiassed mind that dealing in accommodation paper is dishonourable, than the fact that a respectable customer of a bank would consider it as little less than an insult to be thought capable of doing such a thing. It is a vain idea to suppose that a bank 'con investigate the character of every bill presented to it for discount ; they must in general trust to the respectability of their customers, and it will probably be found that when a man has a deep laid design to pass off accommodation paper on his banker, he begins by endeavouring to acquire an excellent character for means and regularity, so as to ward off suspicion from the banker's mind, and when he has been resorted to the thing he is not likely to be deterred from any verbal misrepresentation to complete the deception. It is easy to show how much more dangerous it is for a bank to discount accommodation paper than real paper. It A gets ten of his friends to accommodate him with their names, and discounts them bills at his bankers', it is A's duty to provide funds to meet every one of those bills at maturity. If the bills were real it would be the duty of the Un acceptors to provide funds to meet them, and the bank would have ten real principal debtors, nor would the bank hesitate to press any one of them who failed in his engagement. "As all these accommodation acceptors were most probably induced to lend their names to A on his promise to provide funds to protect them, they in all probability took no pains to provide any funds to meet them, as few persons would put their names on an accommodation bill if they really thought they would have to pay it, and they are most probably ignorant of each other's transactions. In the case of real bills, then, the bank would have ten persons who would each take care to be in a position to meet his own engagement. In the case of accommodation paper there is only one person to meet the engagements of ten. Furthermore, if one of ten real acceptors fails in his engagement, the banker can safely press the drawer, but if the drawer of the accomodation bills fails to meet any one of the ten acceptances, and the bank suddenly discovers that it is an accommodation bill, and that they are under large advances to the drawer, they dare not for their own safety press the acceptor, because he will, of course, have immediate recourse against his debtor, and the whole fabric will probably tumbledown like a house of cards. He see the chances of disaster are much greater when there is only one person to meet so many engagements than when there are so many bound each to meet his own. We see then that the real danger to a bank in being led into discounting accommodation paper is, that the position of principal and surety is reversed. They are deceived as to who the real debtor is, and who are the real sureties,' being precisely the reverse to what they appear to be, which makes a very great difference in the security to the holders of the bills. To advance money by way of cash credit, or by loan with security, is quite a different affair, because then the bank knows exactly what it is doing, and as soon as anything occurs amiss, it knows the remedy to be adopted. Moreover, it never permits the advance to exceed a certain definite limit, but it never can tell into what length it may be inveigled into discounting accommodation paper until some commercial reverse happens, when it may discover that its customer has been carrying on some great speculative operation with capital borrowed from it alone. Next as to fraudulent misrepresentation and concealment in procuring the discount of bills. I would first observe, with regard to discounting a bill of exchange, that it is the same thing as buying a bull ; if the bill be not endorsed by the party transferring it, it is a transaction of pure sale, but if endorsed by him, then it is a sale with a reservation of the remedy on the bill against the party transferring. In the one case there is a sole without warranty, and in the other, a sole with warranty See " Emly v. Lye," 15 East," 12 in Holroyd J. Thompson v. Giles," 2 "B. and Cr.," 329 ; Gompertz v. Bartlett," 2 " El. andBl.," 854 and " Gurney v. Womersley," 4 "El. and Bl.," 143. Then every bill of exchange imports two things value received and an engagement to pay the amount on certain specified terms, and although the words value received," when expressed on the face of a bill, express only what the law must imply from the nature of the instrument, and the relation of the parties apparent upon it (see '. Hatch v. Tray es," 11 "Ad. and El." 709), still I think these words' may form one of several circumstances intended to denote the character of the bill, and that a valuable consideration was given for it. In Grant v. Da Costa." 3 " M. and S." 353, Mr. Justice Bayley said, " The' object of inserting the words value received is to show that it is not an accommodation bill, but made on a valuable considera- tion."- A person who takes a bill of exchange, unless he agree to take it without recourse to any particular party, takes it upon the credit of all the persons whose names appear upon the bill, each of whom, either as drawer, acceptor, or endorse, guarantees the due payment of the bill, and, as Lord Ellenborough said in "Bass relative," 4, "M and S. 15, a person taking a bill is warranted in taking it according to the ordinary import of its terms, and in treating it be, and it would introduce vast inconvenience if it were otherwise. If a person, for the purpose of inducing another to enter into a contract with him, make a statement which he knows to be false, and upon the faith of that statement the contract is entered into by the other party, generally speaking such a contract would be deemed to be fraudulently obtained, but it must be clearly established that the first note. I ment gave rite to, and was the very ground upon which the contract was effected. General dishonesty of purpose, or intention to overreach, is not enough, unless shown to be connected with the particular transaction. The misrepresentation may be as well by deeds or acts as by words, and the fraud may consist as well in the intentional suppression of what is true as in the representation of what is false, that is, if the non-disclosure be of circumstances known to one contracting party which ought in good faith to be made known to the other. In " Addison on Contracts" (fourth edition), p. 152, it is said: - " So if a man go into the money market with a bill of exchange, or a promissory note, and gets it discounted without putting his name on the back of it, he is not bound to refund the money he receives if the parties to the bill or note become insolvent, and the bill is dishonoured ; but if it is not the bill or note of the parties whose names appear upon it, if it is a spurious document or a forgery, then the money received in exchange for it cannot lawfully be retained. If the party who negotiates it does not endorse it, he does not subject himself to that responsibility which the endorsement would bring on him but his declining to endorse the bill does not rid him of that responsibility which attaches on him for putting off an instrument of a certain description which turns out not to be such as it is represented to be. In "Com pertz v. Bartlett," 2 "El and Bl." 854, Lord Campbell says, " The law is, I think, accurately laid down in the passage cited from Addison on Contracts.'" Wherever, therefore, a bill of exchange answers the description by which it is sold, and it turns out that there is a latent defect, the vendee, in the absence of fraud and warranty, must take it with all faults. In such a case, the maxim " caveat emptor " applies j and in Jones v. Ryde," 5 " Taunt," 488, and " Gurney v. Womersley," 4 " El. and Bl.," 133. But in all cases if bills are transferred as valid when the transferrer knows they are good for nothing, the suppression of the truth is a fraud. " If," said Mr. Justice Has ley, in 'a Camidge v. Allenby," G "B. and Cr.," 373, A could show fraud or knowledge of the maker's insolvency in the paper, then it would be wholly immaterial whether the notes were taken at the time of sale or afterwards. In "Byles on Bills," 139; "Fern v. Harrison," 3; T. E.," 459; and in "Budd v. Fuhrmeister," 8; '. Bingi. 52," per Tindal, Ch. J. Where a warranty is given which is untrue, it is fraudulent in contemplation of law, where there was knowledge or want of knowledge on the part of the person making it. If then the drawer of a bill endorse the bill, he is bound to see that it is a bill of good quality, for by endorsing it he warrants the solvency of the drawer, and if he procure the discount of the bill, knowing or suspecting at the time that the drawer is insolvent, or not of sufficient ability to pay the bill, and con- ceals that fact, or, in other words, gives a warranty which he knows to be false, and the banker or party discounting the bill sustains damage, I think in this case it would be both legal and moral fraud. It is true the drawer may intend to pay the bill, or to find funds for the purpose, but I think that the banker has a right to presume that the drawer has no reason to doubt the responsibility of the drawer, upon whoBO credit he has taken the bill as well as upon that of the drawer, and if the drawer knows that the drawer (the acceptor) is not of sufficient ability to pay the bill, the bill becomes virtually no more than the promissory note of the drawer, and without giving the banker the opportunity of electing whether he will be content with an irresponsible acceptor, and be willing to rely solely upon the security of the drawer. I may here remark that I think it would be well, and it would certainly save much time and trouble in any judicial inquiry respecting a discount account, and would facilitate the ends of justice, if banking companies were more particular in opening or contracting a discount account. A printed form of the terms upon which the account is to be opened, and bills discounted, with some questions to elicit such information as the bankers deem to be material, might be useful, and there might be cross discount tickets, signed by the parties, containing not only the amount of the' discount and commission, etc, but the other terms upon which the bills are discounted. At the same time, when a discount account has been opened by a banker (and it may be on his own split citation) with a merchant in high credit, and the bi nker honestly reposes confidence in the merchant, no Inches can, I think, be imputed to the banker for not proceeding to test the truth of representations made to him by the merchant. Generally speaking, no person has a right to complain that too much faith has been put in his own assertions. It should he remembered, too, that a banking company can seldom have better or more regular information concerning the conduct and circumstances of its debtors with whom it has had previous dealings than what its own books afford it. > . ,.,.!*,« A French Pictvrb of London-the Revue Euro, p Time which appeared on the 1st of this month has lain unnoticed till now, in consequence of the extraordinary pressure of the debates in the Senate, but it contains one article at once so amusing and remarkable that I cannot longer neglect it. The subject is London, and the author is M A. Degrelle, who does not pretend, like a recent writer on England, to have resided amongst the savages on your side of the I Channel for sixteen years, and probably writes after I an excursion of a week, or at furthest a month, in Albion's sea-girt isle. However, whether he was in London a day, a month, or a year, his observations are most extraordinary ; of that there can be no question. He commences in that classic locality, the Borough, and there he finds, without any trouble, plenty of facts to make up an ugly picture-he sees little else than dirt, rags, and ugliness. Of the houses he says, truly enough, that they can scarcely be called by that name, being merely long walls pierced with windows and speaking of the dwellings taken separately with their rows of red chimneys, he compares them to hurdy-gurdies surmounted by and can pipes He says, but too truly, that the unique ornaments of that quarter of the town are the public-houses. He proceeds up the river, thinks Hungerford Bridge the finest between London and Westminster-Uanova thought Waterloo Bridge worthy of special notice and only remarks of the New Palace of Westminster that its slender points would almost make one believe it to have been the fancy production of some retired needle maker ; but modern French gothic is be very remarkable, that the flippancy must be excused. in the city, M. Degrelle found scarcely any shops but those of jewellers, silversmiths, and money-changers, a letter-box at the corner of every street, and at every twenty steps an immense clock hanging over the public road. The pathway is covered with business-like paletots and meditative cravats, and were it not that the greater portion read a letter or the morning paper as they walk along, you might imagine' the bitumen, as our author calls the flag stones, covered with ghosts-such is his impression of the busy, . rushing, seething city. That portion of the town which M. Degrelle seems to know best is Leicester square and its neighbourhood, and here his observations become as profound as a stirred puddle. He tells of the tableaux vivants, the man with the illumination hat, penny ices, and numerous other important things, and states, " Two words, good been, stuck on paper at the windows of all the illuminated establishments, whether for the sale of lobsters or cakes, insure the drinker before- hand against the extreme consequences and possible inconveniences of supper and porter. The bed will not be always of the best, but, at any rate, the drunkard or the imprudent man can always pass directly from the table to sleep, without exhibiting through the streets and along the walls his disreput- able gaiety and uncertain legs." Perhaps, however, the most remarkable passage in the book is that which applies to the haunts of the lawyers. "The Inns of Court, says our learned author, are by a singular exception, built of red bricks ; all the rest of London lb of yellow brick, you know. Each of the houses in these tons is divided into cells, in each of which are attorneys and solicitors in italics; no barristers mentioned. " It is well known," continues M. Degrelle, that the diplomas of lawyers are granted exclusively by innkeepers {aubergistes). Tradition demands this. The English gain their acquaintance with their legislation by simply placing themselves at table. Four dinners represent an inscription, and as twelve inscriptions are necessary, it follows that the idea that our neighbours have of the written law consists in forty-eight digestions." I am not quite sure that there is not a pun lurking in the concluding words, but the information about the innkeepers is as serious as it is important. British hospitality, we are told, receives foreigners In Leicester-square" and its neighbourhood. " The Foreign Office piously entertains in this corner of the town grains of the true red republic and drops of pure demagogy, in order to create, whenever necessary, occupation for those Governments which do not receive with sufficient good grace the quarterly visits of British admirals. These are the acid principals and ingredients of fermentation which English diplomacy throws at the proper moment into the great bed of the political current, together with a few thousand muskets from the best manufacturers. To give an asylum to unfortunate ' exiles is worthy of a free people ; but to establish a reservoir of conspirators and conspiracy, with the key ' of the sluices in the breeches pocket, is mach less noble London Telegraph. 