Tfil PANIC AND Ffct-3&C; AT BOLL'S mm, yiBGHfiA. Mr. Russell, the special correspondent of the Times, was in the rear of the Federal army during the action of the 21et of July, at Bull's Bun. Be: solved to see for himself, he 'started, off from Wash ington early in the morning of that day in a buggie, and with & led horse to be used, in case of need, for Centreville, distant about twenty-five miles south west of Washington. When near Fairfax Court house they heard the roll of cannon. This -was about 9*30, and soon after the party met a -whole re giment — tile 4th Pennsylvania — marching disorderly from the scene of action. ' We're going home/' said an officer, ' because tb.9 men's time is up. We have had three months of this work.' Soon they reached the disputed territory just abandoned by the Confe derates, covered wirh sham defences, and evidently intended to allure the Federalists to Manassas Gap. 'The Confederates had it much at heart to induce their enemy to come to the -strongest place to attack them, and they succeeded in doing go.' Fairfax Court-house. . a nobr straeeline villaee. was reached about noon. It wbb held by '& reserve of M'DowelTB force, about 1,000 strong. The houses were in ruins. As they advanced toward Centreville, still some eeven miles off, they passed vehicles with senators inside, store carts, and straggling soldiers. Mr. Russell and his companions drove to the top of the hill -where were carriages full of legislators and politicians drawn up as if at a country race. One contained a lady with an opera glass, and on the slope was a regiment with stacked arms, engaged in looking at and com menting on the battle below. THE SCENE O3? THE ENGAGEMENT. The landscape in front was open to the sight as far as the ranges of the Aileghaoies, which swept round from the light in blue mounds, the colour of which softened into violet in the distance. On the left the view was circumscribed by a wood, which receded along the side of the hill oil which we stood to the plain below. Between the base of this hill, which rose about ISO feet above the general level of the country, and the foot of the lowest and nearest eleva tion of the opposite AHeghanies, extended about five miles, as well as I could judge, of a densely-wooded country, dotted at intervale with green fields and patches of cleared lands. It was marked by easy longitudinal undulations, indicated by the form of the forests which clothed them, and between two of the more considerable ran small streams, or ' runs,' as they are denominated, from.the right to the left. Close at hand a narrow road, descending the hill, went straight into the forest, where it was visible now and then among the trees in cream-coloured patches. This road was filled with commissariat waggons, the white tops of which were visible for two miles in our front. On our left front a gap in the lowest chain of the hills showed the gap of Manassas, and to the left and nearer to us lay the ' Junction' of the same name, where the Alexandria Bailway unites with the rail from the west of Virginia, and continues the route by rails of various denominations to Richmond. The scene was so peaceful a man might well doubt the evi dence of one sense that a great contest was being played out below in bloodshed, or imagine, as Mr. Seward sometimes does, that it was a delusion when he wakes in the morning and finds there is civil war upon him. Sut the cannon spoke out loudly from the green bushes, and the plains below were mottled, so to speak, by puffs of smoke and by white rings from bursting- shells and capricious howitzers. It was no review that was going on beneath us. The shells gave proof proof enough of that, though the rush of the shot could not be heard at the distance. Clouds of dust came up in regularlines through thetree tops where infantry were acting, and now and then their wavering mists of light blue smoke curled up, and the splutter of musketry broke through the tree booming of the guns. With the glass I could detect now and then the flash of arms through the dust cloudB in the onen. but no one could tell to which side the troops who were moving belonged, and I could only judge from the smote whether the guns were fired towards or away from the hilL It waa evident that the dust in the distance on our right extended beyond that which rose from the Federalists. The -view towards the left, as I have said, was interrupted, but the firing was rather more heavy there than on the front or right flank, and a glade was pointed out in the forest as the beginning of Bull's or Poole's Run, on the other side of which the Confederates were hid in force, though they had not made any' specific reply to the shells thrown into their cover early in the morning. There seemed to be a continuous line, which was held by the enemy, from which came steady, solid firing against what might be supposed to be the heads of columns stationed at various points or advancing against them. AN OLD FEEEND. In the midst of our little reconnaissance, Mr. Vizetelly, who has been living, and, indeed, marching with one of the regiments as artist of the Illustrated London News, came up and told us the action, bad been commenced in Bplendid style by the Federalists, who had advanced steadily, driving the Confederates before them — a part of the plan, as I firmly believe, to bring them under the range of their guns. He be lieved the advantages on the Federalist side were decided, though won with hard, fighting, and he had just come up to Centreville to look after something to eat and drink, and to procure little necessaries, in case of need, for his comrades. His walk very probably saved bis life. Having seen all that could be dis cerned through oar glasses, my friend and myself had made a feast on our sandwiches in the shade of the buggy ; my horse was eating and resting, aud I was forced to give him half-an-hour or more before I mounted, and meantime tried to make out the plan of battle, but all was obscure and dark. Suddenly up rode an officer, with a crowd of soldiers after him, from the village. 'We've whipped them on all points ! ' he shouted, ' We've taken their batteries, aad they're all retreating !' Such an uproar as fol lowed. The spectators and the men cheered again and again, and cries of ' Bravo ! ' *' Bully for us ! ' ' Didn't I tell you so ? ' and guttural 'hochs' from the Deutscbland folk and loud 'Jmrroos' from the Irish. BEGESTKING OB THE PAMIC. Biding on horseback, Mr. Russell came to a small bridge across the road, where the drivers of a set of waggons, with the horses turned towards him, were endeavoring to force their way against the stream of venicies sewing in me ocuer direction. By the side of the new set of waggons there were a number of commissariat men and soldiers, whom at first sight I took to be the baggage guard. They looked excited and alarmed, and were running by the side of the horses — in front the dust quite obscured the view. At the bridge the currents met in wild disorder. 'Turn back! Betreat!' shouted the men from the front, 'We're whipped, we're whipped ! ' They cursed and togged at the horses' heads, and struggled with frenzy to get past. Running by me on foot was a man with the shoulder-straps of an officer. 'Pray, what is the matter, Sir?' 'It means we're pretty badly whipped, aud that's a fact,' he blurted out in puffs, and continued bis career. I observed that he carried no sword. The teamsters of the advancing waggons now caught up the cry. 'Turn back — turn your horses' was the shout up the whole line, and, back ing, plunging, rearing, and McTring, the horses which had been proceeding down the road reversed front and went off towards Centreville. ThoBe behind them went madly rushing on, the drivers being quite indif ferent whether glory or disgrace led the way, provided they could find it. In the midst of this extraordi nary spectacle an officer, escorted by some dragoons, rode through the ruck with a light cart in charge. Another officer on foots with his sword under his arm, ran up against me. 'What is all thin about?' ' Why, Jve're pretty badly whipped. We're all in re treat. There's General Tyler there badly wounded.' And on he ran. There came yet another, who said, 'We're beaten on all points. The whole army is in retreat.' Still there was no flight of troops, no retreat of an army, no reason for all this precipitation. The' writer got his horde up into the field out of the road, and went on rapidly towards the front. There were soon evidences ot. A PIS0BDEBE7 FLIGHT. Soon I met soldiers who were coming throngh the corn, moBtly without arms ; and presently I saw firelocks, cooking-tins, knapsacks, and great coats on the ground, and observed 'that the confusion and speed of the baggage-carts became greater, and that many of them were crowded with men, or were fol lowed by others, who clung to them. The ambulances were crowded with soldiers, but it did not look as if there were many wounded. Negro servants on led horses dashed frantically past; men in uniforms, whom it were a disgrace to the profession of arms to call 'soldiers,' swarmed by on mules, chargers, and even draught horses, which had been cut out of carts or waggons, and went on with harness clinging to their heels, as frightened as. their riders. Men literally screamed with rage and fright when their way was blocked up. On. I rode, asking all ' What is all this about ! and now and then, but rarely, receiving the answer, ' We're whipped ; or, ' We're repulsed.' Faces black and dusty, tongues out in the heat, eyes storing — it was a most wonderful sight. On they came like him — « — who having once turned round goes on, And turns no more his head, For he knoweth that a fearful fiend Potb close behind him tread.' But where was the fiend 9 X looked in vain. There was, indeed, some f»wmnmii-iiiifr in front of me and in their rear, but stall the firing was comparatively dis tant, and the runaways were far out pf range. As -J advanced the number of carts diminished, but the mounted men increased, and the crowd of fugitives became denser. A few buggies aud light; waggons filled with men, whose faces would have made np ' a great Leporello' in the ghost scene, tried to pierce the rear of the mass of parts, which were now solidi fied and moving on like a glacier. I crossed a small ditch by the roadside, got out on the road to escape some snake fences, and, looking before me, saw there was still a crowd of men in uniforms coming along. The Toad was strewn with articles of clothing — fire- locks, waist-belts, cartouch-box.es, caps, great coats, mess-tins, musical instruments, cartridges, bayonets and sheaths, swords and pistols — even biscuits, water bottles, and pieces of meat. Passing a white house by the road side, I saw for the first time, a body of infkntry-with sloped arms marching regularly and rapidly towards me. Their faces were not blackened by powder, and it was evident they had not been en gaged. In reply to a question a non-conuniseioned officer told me in broken English, ' We fall back to our lines. The attack did not quite succeed.' This was assuring to one ' who had come through such a scene.as I had been witnessing. I had risen, -I sup pose, about three or three and a-half miles from the hill, though it is not possible to be sure of the dis tance ; when, having passed the white house, I came out on an open piece of ground, beyond and circling which was forest. Two field pieces were unlim bered and guarding the road ; the panting and jaded horses in the rear looked as though they had been hard worked, and the gunners and drivers looked worn and dejected. Dropping shots sounded close in front through the woods, but the guns on the left no longer maintained their fire. I was just about to ask one of the men for a light, when a spattering fire on my right attracted my attention, and out of the forest, or along the road, rushed a number of men. The gunners seized the trail of the nearest piece to wheel it round upon them; others made for the tumbrils and horses as if to fly, when a shout was raised, ' Don't fire, they're our own men ;' and in a few minutes on came pell-mell a whole regiment in disorder. I rode across one and stopped him. ' We're pursued by cavalry,' he gasped ; ' They've cut us all to pieces.' As he spoke a shell burst over the column ; another dropped on the road, and out streamed another column of men, keeping together with their arms, and closing up the stragglers of the first regiment. I turned, and to my surprise saw the artillerymen had gone off, leaving one gun stand nag by ltseir. xney naa retrearaa. witn tneir norses. While we were on the hill I had observed and pointed out to my companion a cloud of dust which rose through the trees on our right front. In my present position that place must have been on the right rear, and it occurred to me that after all there really might be a body of cavalry in that direction, but Murat himself would not have charged these waggons in that deep well-fenced lane. If the dust came, as ,1 believe it did, from field artillery, that would be a different matter. Any way it was now well established that the retreat had really commenced, though I saw but few wounded men, and the regi ments which were falling back had not suffered much loss. No one seemed to know anything for certain. Even the cavalry charge was a rumor. Several officers said they had carried guns and lines, but then they drifted into the nonsense which one reads and hears everywhere about ' masked batteries.' One or two talked more sensibly about the strong positions of the enemy, the fatigue of their men, the want of a reserve, severe losses, and the bad conduct of certain regiments. Not one spoke as if he thought of retiring beyond Centreville. The clouds of dust rising above the woods marked the retreat of the whole army, and the crowds of fugitives continued to steal away along the road. The sun was declining, and some 30 miles yet remained to be accomplished ere I could hope to gain the shelter of Washington. No one knew whether any corps or regiment was marching, but there were rumors of all kinds — ' The 69th are cut to pieces :' ' The Fire Zouaves are de stroyed,' and so on. Presently a tremor ran through the men by whom I was riding, as the sharp reports of some field-pieces rattled through the wood close at hand. A sort of subdued roar, like the voice of dis tant breakers, rose in front of us, and the soldiers, who were, I think, Germans, broke into a double, looking now and then over their shoulders. There was no choice for me but to resign 'say further re searches. The mail from Washington for the Wed nesday steamer at Boston leaves at 2.30. on Monday, and so I put my horse into a trot, keeping in the fields alongside the roads as much as I could, to avoid the fugitives, till I came once more on the rear of the baggage and store carts, and the pressure of the crowd, who, conscious of the aid which the vehicles would afford them against a cavalry charge, and fear ful, nevertheless, of their proximity, clamored and shouted like madmen as they ran. The road was now literally covered with baggage. It seemed to me as if the men inside were throwing the things out purposely. ' Stop,' cried I to the driver of one of the carts, ' everything is falling out.' ' ? you,' shouted a fellow inside, ' if you stop Viim I'll blow your brains out.' My attempts to save Uncle Sam's property were then and there discontinued. On ap proaching Centreville a body of German infantry of the reserve came marching down and stemmed the current in some degree ; they were followed by a brigade of guns and another battalion of fresh troops. I turned up on the the bill half a mile beyond. The vehicles had all left but two — iny buggy was gone. A battery of field guns was in position where we had been standing. The men looked welL A3 yet there was nothing to indicate more than a retreat, and some ill-behaviour among the waggoners, and the riff-raff of different regiments. Cen treville was not a bad position properly occupied, and I saw no reason why it should not be held if it was meant to renew the attack, nor any reason why the attack should not be renewed, if there had been any why it should have been made. I swept the field once more. The clouds of dust were denser and nearer. That was alL There was no firing — no musketry. I turned my horse's head and rode away through, the village, and after I got out upon the road the same confusion seemed to prevail. Suddenly the guns on the hill opened, and at the same time came the thuds of artillery from the woods on the right rear. The stampede then became general. What occurred at the hull cannot say, but all the road from Centreville for miles presented such a sight as can only be witnessed in the track of the runaways of an utterly demoralised army. Drivers flogged, lashed, spurred, and beat their horses, or leaped down and abandoned their teams, and ran by the side of the road ; mounted men, servants, and men in uniform, vehicles of all sorts, commissariat waggons, thronged the narrow ways. At every shot a convulsion, as it were, seized jipon the morbid mass of bones, sinew, wood, and iron, and thrilled through it, giving new energy and action to its desperate efforts - to get free from itself. Again the cry of 'Cavalry' arose. 'What are you afraid of?' said I to a man who was running beside me. ' Fm not afraid of you,' re plied the ruffiian, levelling his piece at me and pulling the trigger. It was not loaded or the cap was not on, for the gun did not go off. I was unarmed, and I did go off as fast as I could, resolved to keep my own counsel for the second time that day. And so the flight went on. At one time a whole mass of in &ntry;,|'witb fixed bayonets, ran down the bank of the road, and some falling as they ran must have killed or wounded those among whom they fell. As I knew the road would soon become impassable or blocked up, I pnt my horse to a gallop and passed on towards the front. But mounted men still rode faster, shouting out, ' Cavalry are coming.' Again I ventured to speak to some officers whom I overtook, and said, ' If these runaways are not stopped the whole of the posts and pickets into Washington will fly also !' One of them, without' saying a word, spurred his horse and dashed on in front. I do not know whether he ordered the movement or not, but the van of the fugitives was now suddenly checked, and, pressing on through the wood at the roadside, I saw a regiment of infantry blocking up the way, with their front towards Centreville. A musket was levelled at my head as I pushed to the front : — ' Stop, or Til fire.' At the same time the officers were shouting out, ' Don't let a soul pass.' I ad dressed one of them and said, ' Sir ! I an. a British subject ; I am not, I assure you, running away. I have done my best to stop this disgraceful rout (as I had) and have been telling them there are no cavalry within miles of them.' 'I can't let you pass, Sir !' I bethought me of General Scott's pass. The adjutant read it, and the word was given along, the line, ' Let that man pass V and so I rode through, uncertain if I could now gain the Long-bridge in time to pass over without the countersign. . It was about this time I met a cart by the roadside surrounded by a group of soldiers, some of whom had '69'on their caps. The owner, as I took him to be, was in great distress, and cried out as I passed, ' Can you tell me, sir, where the 69th are ? These men say they are cut to pieces.' ' I can't tell you.' ' I am in charge of the mails, Sir, and I will deliver them if I die for it. You are a gentleman and I can depend on your word. Is it safe for me to go on ? ' Not knowing the extent of the debacle, I assured him it was, and asked the men of the regiment vhow they happened to be there. ' Shore, the Colonel himself told us every man to go off on his own hook, and to fly for our lives,' replied one of tb.evn. The mail agent, -who told me he was an Englishman, started the carfc again. I sincerely hope no bad result to himself or his charge followed my advice. I reached Fairfax Court House; the people, black and white, with anxious faces, were at the doors, and the infantry were under arms. I was besieged with questions, though hundreds of fugitives had passed through before me. At one house I stopped to ask for water for my horse ; the owner sent his servant for it cheerfully, the very house where we had in vain asked for something to eat in the forenoon. . ' There's a fright among them,' I observed, in reply to his question respecting the commissariat drivers. ' They're afraid of the enemy's cavalry.' ' Are you an American ?' said the man. ' No, -I am not.' ' Well, then,' he said, ' there will be cavalry on them so.on enough, There's 80,000 of the best horsemen in the' world in Yirginny i' Washington was still 18 miles away. The rqad was rough and uncertain, and again my poor steed was under way j but it was no use trying to outsrip the runaways. Once or twice I imagined I heard guns in the rear, but I could not be sure of it in consequence of the roar of the flight behind me. It was most sur prising to see how far the foot soldiers had contrived to get on in advance.: After sunset the moon rose, and amid other acquaintances I jogged alongside an officer who was in charge of Colonel Blunter, the com mander of a brigade, I believe, who was shot through the neck, and was inside a cart, escorted by a few troopers. This officer was, as I understood, the major or second in command of CoL Hunter's regiment, yet he had considered it right to take charge of his chief, and to leave his battalion. He said they had driven back the enemy with ease, but had not been supported, and blamed — as bad officers and good ones will do — the conduct of the General — 'So mean a fight I never saw.' I wag reminded of a Crimean general who made us all merry by saying after the first bom bardment, ' In the whole course of my experience I never saw a siege conducted on such principles as these.' Our friend had been without food, but not, I suspect/without drink— and that, we know, affects empty stomachs very much — since two o'clock that ? morning. Now, what is to be thought of an officer — gallant, he may be, as steel — who says, as I heard this gentleman say to a picket, who asked birn how the day went] in front, 'Well, we've been licked into a cocked hat ; knocked to ? .' This was his cry to teamsters, escorts, convoys, the officers, and men on guard and detachment ; while I, ignorant of the dis aster behind, tried to mollify the effect of the news by adding, 'Oh, it's a drawn battle. The troops are reoccupying the position from which they started in the morning.' Perhaps he. knew his troops better than I did. It was a strange ride, through a country now still as death, the white road shining- like a river in the moonlight, the trees black as ebony in the shade;. now and then a figure flitting by into the forest or across the road — frightened friend or lurk ing foe, who could say ? An American letter in the Dublin News gives a graphic, though brief account of the battle. The writer says the Northern troops threw away 28,000 stand of arms in their flight : — ' In the midst of excitement, terror, and panic never witnessed in this city since Clinton heard the ' rebel' cannon thundering for its fall, I sit down to write you a few important corrections of the news going on to jsurope by, this day's JNew Xatk papers and telegrams with '-'reference to the fearful and disastrous battle of Sunday. The battle was pro bably the heaviest ever ? fought in America, whether as regards the number engaged,' the number killed, wounded, and taken, or the toughness and ferocity of the fight. There were in all about 130,000 men engaged. The Northerns had exactly 65,000 men on the field, and the Southerns probably at least as strong a force. There is no use concealing the fact. The retreat — the flight — -was the most utter, fearful, and heartrending ever witnessed.. The battle com menced at the dawn on Sunday, and lasted all day. Up to 4 o'clock in the afternoon the day seemed, to our army, all their own. They had stormed and carried three of the advanced batteries of the Con federates. Several times, indeed, had those batteries changed hands. They were won and lost by each side no less than three or four times in the course of 11 hours' hard and bloody fight. But at 4 p.m. the Northerns held them. At this point of the day's fortune Jefferson DaviB, President of the Southern Confederacy, himself came up by rail from Rich mond, and took the command in person of the whole army of the South. Under him were General Beau regard, the first soldier in America, and General Johnstone. All over the roar of battle as it raged, our men could hear the shouts that hailed the appearance on the field of the firsf^President of the Southern Confederacy come to take his place at the head of his army, and for life or death try the dread issue of a conquering fall. Davis took command of the centre; Beauregard the right; Johnstone the left wing. Suddenly there opened, on the part of the Southern centre, a whole line of batteries masked till now. Evidently they had hitherto only been playing with the Northerners. The game was in the toils ; the moment was come for sealing his doom. The Southerners now showed in full force, and a splendid force they were. There was a heart and enthusiasm about them that made them absolutely spring like leopards on their prey. And lo ! amongst them was a battalion of negro volunteers 5 a battalion at whose hands a terrible reckoning has been received by our troops! After an instant of desperate effort to make a stand, the northern centre gave way — the left soon followed — the right for a time held its ground fiercely fighting, but in vain j at length the whole Northern army turned and fled. It is put forward by some of our papers that the flight was originated by the teamsters of the waggon train galloping ?off. I write from information direct from the disastrous scene. The teams were three miles in the rear at the time the flight began. In fact, they were ridden over by the fugitives. Never was such a sight seen on a road after a flying army. They left standards, baggage, ammunition waggons, rifle cannon, all their batteries, their commissariat, havresacks, blankets, tents, &c; In fact, the Tribune states that the men threw away 28,000 stand of arms in their flight. Worse remains than all this. The wounded were abandoned by hundreds along the roadside, and were, with straggle* and camp followers, ridden over by the streams of flying thousands. The victorious Southerns took an immense number of prisoners. It is currently reported here that they have prisoners enough in their hands now to compel a settlement. Amongst the prisoners are several Northern senators and mem bers of Congress. Young John Mitchel, who, as you are doubtless aware, is serving in .the Southern army, has been publicly commended for valour, and pro moted to a captaincy in the South Carolina Irish Volunteers.' ? A Seeameb Descending Niagaba Biveb. — A correspondent of the Buffalo Cornier writes from Niagara Falls, under date of June 7 : — 'The mono tony of life at Niagara Falls was broken to-day by ah episode. It was rumored that the little steamer Maid of the Mist was about to attempt an exploit. Reporb said that Mr. Buchanan had sold her to par ties on Lake Ontaria, to be delivered on that tranquil sheet of water, and that at least one individual in your city had a lien on her which would be seriously invalidated in case the Maid should succeed in find ins: anchorage at a British dock. It was said, more over, that said individual was making quick time hitb.exwa.rd to prevent the absquatulation of his pro perty ; but the idea that anything made of wood could outlive a voyage down these terriffic rapids was regarded as absurd. The prospect of its being tried, however, drew at least 300 or 400 people to the banks of the river. All day there had been a bustle of mysterious preparation on board the steamer. Hatches were being nailed down and everything made taut, but no satisfaction could be had by inquiring minds. A little past 3 she cut loose from her moorings about a., quarter of a mile above the bridge, and steamed gallantly up towards the Falls. A murmur of disappointed expectation ran through the crowd, when suddenly, as she reached a point about half way up to the Falls, she turned with a grace ful curve and headed downwards. There were on board her engineer, Robinson, famed for deeds of daring in these parts, and, I believe, three others. The Maid came -?own with the current, and hung, quivering, but otherwise motionless, just opposite her dock. It seemed as if the daughter of the spray were undecided. The moments were long before she made up her mind. In an instant, before a spectator could wink, the die was cast, and she puffed a fare well to her home under the cliffs. Another second, and she swung in the sinewy grasp of the mighty river, speeding like an arrow down the stream. There was & rush of excited beholders for the bridge, and looking up thence it was a brave and thrilling sight to see her coming down and dipping like a water fowl under the spray. Tour readers know how Niagara looks just under and just below the bridge. The giant offspring of four lakes writhes there like a chained monster. The water, where it is not a mass of angry foam, seems as hard as iron, and wears a hue of sickly green, ominous, voracious, deadly. There is the force of an angry ocean pent between these narrow prison walls, as the water, tortured into foam, dashes down the staircase of rocks. No one thought she could live through it, but after the first moment of hesitation she leaped into the gorge as though Niagara had been her father. As she passed under the bridge the crowd rushed to the other side aud trembled for the safety of the daring crew, for the critical point was yet to be reached. Again and again she shot overhead, in foam, and again and again, as she all but disappeared, it was thought that the river had claimed its own. But the Maid was native to the cataract and bore a charmed life. With one blow of a seething breaker her smoke-stack was levelled with the deck, and then everybody gave her up. At last she had run the terrible gauntlet, and emerged dripping and quivering upon the calm water of the whirlpool. That Charybdis was easy after the Scylla she had weathered. A wide sweep with the current, and she was lost to sight. She belongs to Ontario now, and her creditors may follow, if they dare. The Maid of the Mist was built, almost in the spray of the cataract, about six years ago. The thousands who have stood with her under the sheet of Niagara will be pleased to hear of her elopement.'- A Bepoeted Peivateee at Shanghai. — We giv the following report from the Hongkong China Mail being, however, assured from private sources that the whole affair is a mere canard: — 'Considerable ex citement has prevailed here since the arrival of the Shanghai eteamer, in consequence of the reported fitting out of a Confederate States privateer at Shanghai, and the United States gunboat, Saginaw, has left this in search. The whole may prove a canard. She cannot become a 'privateer' unless blank letters of marque are to be had from some agent of the Confederate States, or that her reported master has brought such with him from America. A letter of marque gives the name, size, rig, guns, and number of men on board the vessel carrying the same, whioh it is obvious could not nave been fur nished complete for the vessel in question, If, how* ever, the particulars enumerated have been filled up in Shanghai, it is not possible that further docu ments of a similar nature may be in existence. Being at the time of sale to her present owners under he British flag, great caution will be necessary on the part of the United States officer hn command of theSftginaw, 