] SFIBirüALlSM. "HARDLY, .any occurrence of our day ts so in- structive as the success which spirit-rappers and their advocates have met with on both sides of the Atlantic. It has been often stated that in America, the believers are numbered by mil . lions ; and it is well known that countrymen of our own, who from theyr education ought to know better, believe, with the most simple satisfaction, that Mr. Hume has relations with ghosts "who employ themselves (invariably in darkened rooms) in making tables climb upon ottomans, in carrying Mr. Hume round the ceiling, in convoying the silliest of all remarks through the clumsiest of all machinery, and in doing a variety of other things equally impressive and sensible.. It is almost a matter of regret that ex plantations of many of these juggling tricks should have been published by men who put sleight of hand to its legitimate purposes, as it is to be feared that the credit of spirit-rapping may thus be destroyed, and that the curious and instructive illustrations of humain credulity which result from it may be prematurely brought to a close. It, is to bo regretted that educated men and women should be relieved by indiscreet jugglers from the responsibility of saying whether or no they are prepared to be- lieve the stories told about Mr. Hume and his fellows upon the bare personal authority of those who tell them. There has. been hardly any case in modern times in which the issue whether or not the evidence which would prove a murder will prove a miracle bas been so neatly raised as in the case of spirit-rapping ; and the interposition- of - persons -who, by-untimely explanations, enable the-public to disbelieve the i wiinesses without discrediting them, is as unsatisfactory to speculative .observers as the compromises which occasionally break out in cases involving curious ' points of law must always be to lawyers. As, however, a point of law may be argued upon a state of facts alto- gether imaginary, it may be interesting to con- sider what ought to have been and what were, in point of fact, the conclusions drawn by per- sons who read in the newspapers and elsewhere or heard in private society,, a variety of stories about rapping spirits, animated tables,' and the like, wonderful enough to justify, upon the sup- position of their truth, the use of such words as miraculous and supernatural-who: did not .hear or read of any natural mode of explaining such occurrences-and who had no other reason than the marvellous nature of the stories them- selves for supposing that the persons 'who re- lated them were not speaking the truth. The first step which a reasonable person who heard or read such stories would take,, would be to decide whether or - not be meant to form an opinion about them.' If he did i not think it worth his while to do so which would be the case with almest all men of Bense who did not happen to'be troubled with a very large amount of superfluous leisure -ho would simply amuse himself with the gro- tesqueness of the stories, and pay'no farther attention to them. For all ordinary purposes, it is safer; and generally wiser, to act the part of the Scribe and Pharisee - towards ? strange stories. If a man is sometimes led by this ha- bit into despising a new invention or remark» ble' discovery, ho gets no harm and does no harm by it. Baron Alderson thought and said that it iras absurd to suppose that locomotive engines could ever succeed; and his remark has been incited by the idolaters of Mr.; .George Stephenson as a sort of awful' example. k~et the benighted man . rose ' to "be 'a Judge, and, sat on-/ the v bench much applause for nearly thirty years. If h< had believed in railways from Tthe first, hi probably would not have' done much more There can be little doubt that the same habit o mind led him to despise many other scheme which turned ont ill, and probably, on th whole,* it did as little harm to him as to thi 'railways. ~If a man desired to go a little deeper inti the matter, he would probably consider, to wha class1 of subjects - the alleged ... discoverie belonged. A man of reasonably go d educa tioD,' especially if he hus ever studied an] branch of any scientific subject with any ap proach to accuaracy, ought, to have a, fal notion of the kind of certainty attainable in .tb different branches of knowledge, and of th general nature, bf the proofs by which the prc p isit'ions which belong to them are supported He Would, for example, see at once that n one could pretend to say with confidence wh< ther or not the stars, are inhabited; nor wouli he pay much attention to any one, howeye eminent or-learned, who pronounced a decisiv opinion on the. subject; but he would listei respectfully to any man of established scientifi reputation who told him that he had discovers' a mode of foretelling the general character c next year's weather.. The reason of this dis tinctton is, that it is matter of general notoriet; that the nature of life is a great riddle, and tha no one knows all the conditions under which i may exist, but something is already knowi about the currents of the air, ant the variations of heat and cold, an< many discoveries may be expected to ba mad about them by the careful observation of well known phenomena., - Applying thia principle, i would fee- reasonable for - a man to say Spiritualism belongs to a'set bf subjects 'whicl have ; always been discredited, and respectinj which no discovery has ever been made. It ii related to witchcraft, apparitions, and other nest: of imposture, and therefore - is not to bi believed. . These,however, are mere general observations If a man determined to form as sound ai opinion on the subject as could be reache-i, h< would have to examine the evidence itself, ant to see what really was proved and what wai not, and in this process the first and one of th( ; most important steps would be to separate the facts stated from the inferences drawn fron them. The only facts of. which there is anj evidence at all is that certain people saw anc heard certain things. That those appearance! . and sounds, were, produced by spirits is an in ference not capable of direct proof. . Certain raps are heard, which, when compared with al- phabets, spell out the assertion that a dead mar is saying such and such things. Suppose the experiment were repeated any number of times and under all varieties of circumstances, would this prove that in fact the dead man was mak ; ing these assertions ? Unless we had some in- dependent knowledge of dead men and their modes of action, it would not prove, or tend to prove, anything ot the sort. As we know nothing whatever about dead men, it would be quite as reasonable to found i upon the fact, supposing it-to be proved, any other inference whatever-for example, that the > sounds were produced by an archangel, by the , devil, by devils and angels jointly, by a wild beast in the planet Saturn, or by any other cause in heaven, earth; or elsewhere. All that ? can be inferred from any effect is the antëce àfVtë/3 ftf ft.SftïiiS . our only knowledge of casu ? pings and table-twisting .fô'rm'â class^of effects . altogeiher peculiar and unrelated to any others, they may, for aught we know to the contrary, bo caused. by anything, conceivable or incon- ceivable. We mean by causation nothing more than invariable sequence, and how eon we possibly - know what is the invariable antecedents of effects which, as far as our powers of tracing go, are by the hypothesis ultimate phenomena. ' 11 The coarse of a person who inquired reason ( I ably, and on true principles, in o the subject of rapping spirits, would thus be barred. at a very ' early period of his inquiry by an insuperable obstacle. He would never be able to get beyond tho facts that certain noises were heard, and j certain appearances seen, and ' that certain mo t tiona took place in inanimate matter on occa t sions when nothing which., could'account for , them on common and recognised principles j was present. Unless he had the opportunity' r of making personal investigations'and experi , ments, ho would have to be contented with the ; fact that particular peple said that this was so ; r and it is nu extremely curious ques-j . tion whether, if, arter their stories [ had been . carefully sifted and their ' means of knowledge had been ascertained to be r sufficient, it appeared that they really did say BO, a wise man would or would not believe them. It is of course possible to imagine cases \ in which he would. If the assertion was found. ' to be made by a great many people indepen- dently of each other, and under circum- stances which made collusion, or even com- munication, impossible or extremely difficult, the accumulation of evidence might no doubt be sufficient to remove all . possibility of doubt ; but if upon ? inquiry the number of first-hand witnesses was reduced to two .or three credible persons, unanimously affirming facts otherwise unexampled, a very curious question would arise;-the question, namely, as to the ab- solute value of human testimony. It is impos- sible to give a complete and definite answer to this question. The effect of the : testimony of three sane and credible witnesses, who should ' unanimously affirm, under the most awful sane- j tions, and after being subjected to severe tests of accuracy, that the poker and shovel walked arm-in-arm to the middle of a given drawing room, and there preached asermon on the ninth commandment, is just as much a questibn'of experience as the question whether a man. could be found capable of lifting a ton and a half. - Experience appears'to show that such a story would bo believed by a large number bf persons. When a single anonymous individual wrote a letter to the Times three years ago to say that he had seen a whole set of murders of the most frightful kind committeed in a railway train in Georgia, people net only believed him, but the Times published a leading article on the ! atrocity of the event. It so hap- pened that his story was open to contra- diction on a number of points, and was, in fact, contradicted and overthrown; but it was not disbelieved on the ground that the' event was so extraordinary that the evidence of a single > witness must be considered insufficient to prove , lt. . If the scene had been laid in a place where ( contradiction was ont of the question-as, for , i example on the deck of a wrecked ship-no one . would have doubted it, and the tale would bave , been received as a striking example of the , atrocities into which human nature is capable ¡ of being betrayed in its extremities. The com- , mon case of criminal trials is perhaps a Btronger ., f ?'.->? .':-- ?? '? . instance of the extraordinary amount of conj}, dence which people place in each other's ancor roborated assertions. Juries constantly convict ! men of crimes of the most fearful kind upon the bare statement of a single witness, of whom they know next to nothing, that he saw the crime committed. A tenth part of the evidence offered in support of the mir- acles said to be worked, by Mr. Hume .would.have .been more than sufficient to stamp. men of spotless character with the deepest infamy, and to consign them to penal servitude for life. Every one who has had much experi- ence of juries knows the fatal weight of a direct and positive oath. , Hb general considérations weigh one pin against it ; and it must be re- membered that juries owe their authority, and indeed their, very existence, to the fact that they represent common sense and common experi- ence ; so that, tba readiness' with which, they believe sworn testimony, however seritus the consequences" of giving credit to: it may be, must be considered aa a fair specimen of the feelings pf mankind at large. L These observations ; apply to the question aa to the value which is attached to direct1 evi- dence in favour of improbable occurrences given by men bf sense, desirous of arriving at the truth, and taking. pains to do so ; bat the eagerness with which people have received the doctrines of spiritualism, and the utter neglect which they, have shewn of the various steps in- dicated above towards the formation of,a sound judgment, throw light on another point of con« siderabje interest. They shew that a large pro- portion even of educated people ara altogether destitute, oft. anything approaching to scientific habits of mind or of thought, and that they have not the least notion of the bearings or value of evidence. They never seem to draw the distinction between a fact.and an inference; nor do they , ever recognise the rule that, if more causes than one may account for a parti- cular state of facts, its existence cannot be said to prove any one of them. The popularity of spirit-rapping shows something more than the rarity of strict or accurate habits of thought. It . shows how wide is the prevalence of gross, downright oredulity. The fact that a large number of-people believe the assertions of anonymous or unknown writers that they have seen tables climb upon ot tom »na, and baye heard ghosts playing on the piano, is very me- morable. It sets the value of popular belief upon any subject which falls a little out of the common routine in a most striking and instruc- tive light, and it proves how very little the great majority even of intelligent men and women1 ara in the habit of watching the operations of their own minds, and of regulating the formation ol their opinions by anything desorving the name of a principle. Many of the canses of this state of things are. constant, and exist in all times and all states of society, but others are peculiar to our own time and country. One ol the most curious of them is the spread ol mechanical invention. It might have been snp posed that a scientific age would be, of all ages, the least superstitious; and if a scientific ag< meant an age in which all or many minds wen scientifically trained, this might be true ; but in point of fact, it means an age in which thc results and applications of science attain un usual importance, and such a state of things ii not only not a hindrance to superstition, bu has a direct tendency to promote it. Peoplt fall down: and worship the work of theil < neighbours' bands-steam-engines, electric telegraphs; and printing presses. ' They are ic imnmaoAfl . ha t,h» wonders produced by these and other machines, that- they get'to took upon science as a sort of god-a blind, arbitrary, capricious deity, who may" perform at any moment any strange unreasonable prodigy. People are so overcome by eleotric telegraphs that they have no -objection to urge against rapping spirits. If an American can speak to you from the other side of the Atlantic, why may not a. friend speak to you from tie other side of the grave? A story to which we bad,occasion-to refer some years ago sets this in sq striking a light that its repetition < may be pardoned. It typifies the weaknesses of a higher class of society than, that to which iii hero belonged. A Lincolnshire boor was visited, when in extremis, by the vicar of the parish, who administered to him appropriate spiritual advice w>th more energy than success. After much ineffectual admonition, the dying man replied to the following effect in a feeble . voice, and a dialect which can hardly be repro- duced on paper-" Wut wi' faath, and wut wi' the earth a tubing round the sun, and wut wi' railroads a fuzzen and a whuzzen, a'm - clean; . stonied,, muddled, and bet." These were his lost words. The sum up with great emphases the intellec- tual results of scientific discovery on a great part of. mankind.-Sa/imZay He view. 