NOTES Oui HALLUCINATION. Of Into years mero hallucination has como to bo re- garded-us ontiroly consistent with reason; a Bimplo diieaBO, requiring tho trcatmont of the family physician, us much ns brain-fovur, or tho fracturo of a limb. Many groat minds havo boon subject to these delusions, and yet no ona susnoctcd them of, insanity. ' If the mind dwells long ana intensely on any object, thoro is always a tendency to clothe that idea, ni a visiblo form.. Bon Johnson told a friend, thnt ho lind, once spout a whole night watching n borda of Tartars, Turks and Catholics fighting around his aria-chair. Though tho impression was as vivid as tho real scono, ho attributed it to the right cause-an ovor-heatod imagination.. Olivor Crom- well, as hu lay stretohod on his couch, weary'and sleep- less, beheld a gigantic woman draw asido the curtains and proclaim to him that bo should . be tho greatest mun in England.' Doubtless, his own ambition bado tho phantom welcome Popo, when Buffering from nn acute disease, onco asked his physician, ' What tliat ann wus which carno out of tho wall ?" No doubt the largor share of phnntoms which have disturbed mankind, required ouly a little investigation to make them out as harmless as ' the cook's ghost,' which appeared to tho crow of a home-bound vessel, onco in tho early twilight. Tim second mate caine to the cap- tain in great terror, telling him thnt tho cook who wns buried in tho soa a few days beforo, was walking on the water boforo tho ship, mid* all hinds wero on deck looking ' at him. Tho captain who wns vexed nt such super- stition, replied, * Well seo which will reach Newcastle first.' A Bccond enrnoat nppeol brought bim on deck, however, lind there sure enough, appeared his old friend ill his customary dress, walking ulong with the same rolling gait. Tho crew wero so torrillcil they could do nothing ) so the captain wus obliged to steer the ship liiinxcU. On a nearer upproneli, behold, the spectre resolved itself into a floating fingmciit from the top-mnst of some unfortunate » rook. But for this solntion, a ver- itable 'ghost story' would have been circulated lor geu orutiouo nailing (ho good people of Nouruastlo, tullj corroborated hy a « holu HIIÍJI'« company. Pliny tells us,.in one of his/lotto», of-» house in Athens which was, haunted . by a spirit-loaded * with" chains, The philosopher, Athuuodoriis, resolved to lay the spirit, and repaired to the house at night-full, taking bis light, and writing tablets. - At the demi of the night, the chained man appoared and motioned with his hands. ' Tile philosopher TOSO and followed* him down to the court-yard, whoro he sank into the ground, Tho spot was marked, and the magistrates informed tbo next day. The placo was examined, and the bouos of u man in chains wero found buried there. Thoy wero publicly burned ; after which the spirit seemed very well bUtisfied as it carno no more. Granting tho story to be true, the illusion isoisily enough accounted for, The shape assumed was tho pre- cise counterpart of the ono existing in tim philosopher's mind, and for which lie had waited long hours, while the idea of the mun buried in tho court-yard might havo been a reminiscence of some forgotten tradition. Strange hallucinations are often met with by tho phy- sician, while the patient is porfectly sane and calmly an- alyses his feelings, and takes notes of the strango appear- ances. Many are familiar with the case of Picolai, a dis- tinguished bookseller of Berlin, who from timo to time observed people walking about in his room, conversing together busily, us in tho market. Ho grow familiar with thom after a time, and rather enjoyed their society, though they were usually the shadows of pooplo with whom he was not very familiar. They attended him in tho streets as well as in his own house, nnd wore oasily distinguished from real pooplo by a somewhat pnler color. An application of leeches to the patient prorod too much for the constitution of the phantoms, and they grow fainter und fainter until at last thoy died away, A ;hort timo ngo un interesting caso of illusion occur- red to tho well-known librarian of tho A«tor Library. Ho had beon deeply engaged until late at night on a cata- logue of the books which ho was preparing. On going to a distant alcove ho beheld a mau Btunding betoro tho books. . Supposing it to bo a thief, he changed his posi- tion to get a view of his face, when to his surpriso ho recognised n physioian who had lived in tho \icinity, but who wns buried not long before. Not nt all alarmed, he said : " Doetor, you seldom caine hero when living ; why do you como now you aro dead ?" But though such o reasonable question, the Doctor, .instead of answering, vanished away. Tlio librarian visited tho samo spot at tho same hour tho two succeeding nights, with tho samo result, speaking always dispelling tho illusion. Ho at- tributed it to an overtaxed mind, and by tho advico of a physician, has taken a journey to recruit. - > . Hallucination often precedes, or is connected with in- sanity. Visitors to a lunatic asylum will often 'observo very curious cases. There was at one timo a singular patient named Blake in the retreat at Bothlem, England. Ho was a large, powerful man, with a'rpnlo, intellectual face, nnd a great fund of general information. Ho spent hÍB timo in conversation with the great ones of the oarth who havo gone to the land of shades, chatting familiarly with Moses and the prophets, onjoying n sumptuous sup nor with Semiramis, and always having his crayons at hand to sketch tho portraits of hi» guests. Bo had largo volumes of these portraits, which ho was quito proud to exhibit to any who called. Among them -was a skotch of the Devil and his mother. Edward the Third was a very frequent visitor, and in return for tho compliment ho painted his portrait in oil at throe sittings. A. gentleman put some questions to him with a viow to puzzle him :-'Aro theso illustrious visitors announced, thnt you recognise them so readily P Do they eond thoir cards to you?' 'No ; but I know thom as soon as they appear. I did not expect Mark Antony last night, but I recognised tbo old Roman ns soon ns ho entered. Poor Job was hero yesterday, but ho only staid tv. o minutes ; I had hardly time to mnko a sketch, which I afterwards copied in aquafortis. But hush ! Hero ia Richard the Third. Ho stands in n good position now; if you speak, ho will go.' Blake waa very liappy in tho society of tho illustrious people who crowded his'littlo room. . Formerly but lil tlo attention'Was given to tho treat- ment of hallucination. If any step was taken, it »ns but to shut up tho unhappy person in nn asylum, ofton pro- ducing the ovil it was sought to cure. A few cccontrio notions need not unfit a person for discharging tho or- dinary duties of life, and rcquiro his seclusion from tho society of his friends. If so, wo should need to hnvo our lunatio asylums constructed on a much greater scale than at prosent. A supernatural explanation of this simple phenomenon is not confined to the uneducated. Mo» of high litornry nnd rpligious nttninments hnvo behoved thnt depnrtcd spirits could, and bomutimus do assumo a visible form. I think that most of thurn had Benn somothing of tho kind, or nt least that their maternal grandmother or grandfather had met one,-I will not bo sure which. But as a general-rule, I think it is host, us somo ono has said, 'to belforo avery ghost bogus till ho proves him- self genuine, by telling you something you did not know boforc, and wh ich it is most importnut for you to know. And don't'for any thing'believe in a ghost you havo not seen yourself. A second- hand spoctro is too faint and ghostly for any sensible man's faith. 