A TALE OF HORROR. (JVow JBlacJiioood's Edinburgh Magazine.) I was the member of the family selected to escort old Lady Speldhurst to her room— the room I had vacated in her favor. I did not much like the office. I ielt a remarkable repugnance to my godmother, but my worthy aunt3 insisted so much that I should ingratiate myself- with one ?who had so much to leave, that I could not but ? comply. The visitor hobbled up the broad . oaken stairs actively enough, propped on my arm and her ivory crutch. The room never had looked more genial and pretty, with its brisk fire, modern furniture, and its gay French paper on the walls. ' A nice room, ray dear, and I ought to be much obliged to you for it, since my maid tells me it is yours,' said her ladyship ; ' but I am pretty sure you repent your generosity to me, after all those ghost-stories, and tremble to think of a strange bed and chamber, eh r' I made some common place reply. The old lady arched her eyebrows. ' Where have they put you, child ?' she asked : ' in some cocklcft of the turrets, eh ? or in a lumber-room — a regular ghost-trap ? 1 can hear your heart beating with fear at this moment. You are not fit to be alone.' I tried to call up my pride, and laugh off the accusation against my courage, all the more, per haps, because I felt its truth. 'Do you wan. . anything more that I can get you, Lndy Speld hurst,' I asked, trying to feign a yawn of sleepi ness. The old dame's keen eyes were upon me. ' I rather like you, my dear,' she said, 'and I ? liked your mamma well enough before she treated me so shamefully abaut the christening dinner. Now, I know you are frightened and fearful, and if an owl should but flap your window to-night, it might drive you into fits. There is a nice little « sofa-bed in this dressing-closet — call your maid to arrange it for you, and you can sleep there snugly, under the old witch's protection, and then ' no goblin dare harm you, and nobody will be a '? bit the wiser, or quiz you for being afraid.' How little I knew what hung in the balance of my re . fusal or acceptance of that trivial proffer ! Had the .veil of the future been lifted for one instant ! . but that veil is impenetrable to our gaze. Yet, perhaps, she had a glimpse of the dim vista be yond, she who made the offer ; for when I de clined, with an affected laugh, she sail in a thoughtful half abstracted manner, 'Well, well ! -\fG must all take our own way through life. Good night, child — pleasant dreams!' And I softly closed the door. As I did so, she looked round at me rapidly, -with a glance I have never forgotten, half malicious, half sad, as if she had divined the yawning gulf that was to devour my young hopes. It may have .been mere_ eccentricity, the odd phantasy of a crooked mind, the whimsical conduct of a cynical person.triurnphantinthepowerofaffrightingyouth and beauty. Or, I have since thought, it may have been that this singular guest possessed some such gift as the Highland ' second-sight,' a gift vague, sad, and useless to the possessor, but still sufficient to convey a dim sense of coming evil and boding doom. And yet had she really knovn known tohat wns in store for mo, what lurked be hind the veil of the future, not even that arid heart could have remained impassive to the cry of humanity. She would, she must have snatched me back, even from the edge of the black pit of misery. But, doubtless, she had not the power. Doubtless she had but a shadowy presentiment, 'at any rate, of some harm to happen, and could not see, save darkly, into the viewless void . where the wisest stumble. I left her door. As I crossed the landing a bright gleam came from another room, whose door was left aiar; it (the light) fell like a bar of golden sheen across my path. As I ap proached, the door opened, and my sister Lucy, who had been watching for me, came out. She was already in a white cashmere wapper, over which her loosened hair hung darkly and heavily, like tangles of silk. 'Rosa, lore,' she whis pered, ' Minnie and I can't bear the idea of your sleeping out there, all alone, in that solitary room, the very room, too, nurse Sherrard used to talk about ! So, as you know Minnie has given up her room, and come to sleep in mine, still we ? should not wish you to stop with us to-night at any rate, and I could make up a bed on the sofa for myself, or you — and — ' I stopped Lucy's mouth with a kiss. I declined her offer. I would not listen to it. In fact my pride wns up in arms, and I felt I would rather pass the night in the churchyard itself than accept a proposal dictated, I felt sure, by the notion that my nerves were shaken by the ghostly lore we had been raking up, that I was a weak, superstitious crea ture, unable to pass a night in a strange chamber. So I would not listen to Lucy, but kissed her, bade her gooi} night, and went on my way laugh ing, to show my light heart. Yet, as I looked back in the dark cerridor, and saw the friendly a ' door still ajar, the yellow bar of light still ' '*' crossing from wall to wall, the sweet kind *-f-ir:' 'face still peering after me from amid its — ? ' - clustering curls, I felt a thrill of sympathy, a wish to return, a yearning after human love and companionship. False shame was strongest, and conquered. I waved a gay adieu. I turned the corner, and, peeping over my shoulder, I saw the door close ; the bar of yellow light was there 'no longer in the darkness of the passage. I thought, at that instant, that I hoard a heavy sigh. I looked sharply round. No one was there. No door was open, yet I fancied, and fancied with a wonderful vividness, that I did hear an actual sigh breathed not far off, and plainly distinguishable from the groan of the sy camore branches, as (he wind tossed them to and fro in the outer blackness. If ever a mortal's good angel had cause to sigh for sorrow, not sin, mine had cause to mourn that night. But imagi nation plays us strange tricks, and my nervou3 system was not over- cemposed, or very fitted for ?judicial analysis. I had to go through the pic ?ture- gallery. I had never entered this apait nent ?by candle-light before, and I was struck by the gloomy array of the tall portraits, gazinjj moodily 'from the canvas on the lozenge-paned cr painted ??windows, which rattled to the blast as it swept howling by. Many of the faces looked stern, an.l ?Yery different from their daylight expression. In others, a furtive nickering smile seemed to mock me, as my candle illumined them j and in all, the eyes, as usual with artistic portraits, seemed to follow my motions with a scrutiny and an interest the more marked for the apathetic immovability of the other features. I ?felt ill at ease under this stony gaze, though con scious how absurd were my apprehensions ; and ?I called up a smile and an air of mirth, more as if acting a part under the eyes of human beings, ithim of their mere shadows on the wall. I oven lau^hod as I confronted them. No echo had my short-lived laughter but from the hollow armour and arching roof, and I continued on my way in ? silence. I have spoken of the armour. Indeed, there was a fine collection of plate ar.d mail, for my father was an enthusiastic antiquary. In es pecial there were two suits of black armor, erect, and surmounted by helmets, with closed visors, which stood as if two mailed cha- npions were guarding the gallery and its treasures. I hud often seen these, of course, but never by night, ?and never when my whole organisation was so overwrought and tremulous as it then-was. As I approached the Black Knights, as we had dub bed them, a wild notion seized on me that the figures moved, that men were concealed in the hollow shells which had once been bornp in battle and tournay. I knew the idea was childish, yet -I approached in irrational alarm, and fancied I absolutely beheld eyes glaring on mo from, the 'eyelet-holes in the visora. I passed them by, ?and then my excited fancy told mo that the ?figures were following me with stealthy strides. ?I heard a clatter of steel, caused; I am sure, by some more violent gutt of wind sweeping the gallery through the crevices of the old windows, ? and with a smothered shriek I rushed to the door opened it, darted out, and clapped it to with a bang that re-echoed through tho''wholo wing of the house. Then, by a sudden and not uncom mon revu'sion of feeling, I shook off my aimless terrors, blushed at my weakness, and sought my chamber, only too glad that I had been the only witness of my late tremors. Ab I entered my 'chamber, I thought I heard something stir in the neglected lumber-room, which was the 'only neighboring apartment. But I was determined to have no more panics, and resolutely shut my ears to this slight and transient noise, which had nothing unna tural in it ; for surely between rats and wind, an old manor-house on a Btormy night needs no sprites to disturb it. So I entered my room and rang for my maid. As I did so, I looked around me, and a most unaccountable repugnance to my temporary abode came over mo, in spite of my efforts. It was no more to be shaken off than a chill is to be shaken off when we enter some damp cave. And rely upon it, the feeling «f 'dis like and apprehension with which we regaid, at first sight, certain places au«l people, *i« not im planted in us without some wholesome purpose. I grant it is irrational — mere animal instinct — but is not instinct God's gift, and is it for us to de spise it ? It is by instinct that children know cheir friends from their enemies— that they distin guish with such unerring accuracy between those who like them and those whp only flatter and hate them. Dogd do the same ; they will fawn on one parson, they slinksnarlingfroni another. Show mo a man whom children and dogs shrink from, and I will show you a false, bad man — lies on his lips, and murder at his heart. No ; let none despise the heaven-sent gift of innate antipathy, which makes the horse quail when the lion crouches in the thicket — which makes the cattle scent the shambles from afar, and low in terror and disgust a.s their nostrils snuff the blood-polluted air. I felt this antipathy strongly as I looked around me in my new sleeping-room, and yet I could find no reasonable pretext for my dislike. A very good room it was, after all, now that the green damask curtains were drawn, the fire burning bright and clear, candles burning on the mantelpiece, and the various familiar articles of toilet arranged as usual. The bed, too, looked peaceful and inviting — a pretty little white bed, not at all the gaunt funereal sort of couch which haunted apartments generally contain. My maid entered, and assisted rr.e to lay aside the dress and orna ments I had worn, and arranged my hair, as usual, pratfling the while, in Abigail fashion. I seldom care to converse with servants ; but on that night a sort of dread of being left alone — a longing to keep some human being near me — possessed me, and I encouraged the girl to gossip, so that her duties took her half an hour longer to get through than usual. At last, however, she had done all that could be done, and all my questions were answered, and my orders for the morrow reiterated and vowed obedience to, and the clock on the turret struck one. Then Mary, yawning a little, asked if I wanted anything more, and I was obliged to answer No, for very shame's sake ; and she -went. The shutting of the door, gently as it was closed, affected me unpleasantly. I took a dislike to the curtains, the tape3try, the dingy pictures — everything1. I hated the room. I felt a temptation to put on a cloak, run, half dressed, to my sisters' chamber, and say I had changed my mind, and come for shelter. But they mu-t be asleep, I thought, and I could not be so unkind as to wake them. I said my prayers with unusual earnestness and a heavy heart. I extinguished the candles, and was just about to lay my head on my pillow, when the idea seized me that I would fasten the door. The candles were extinguished, but the fire-light was amply sufficient to guide me. I gained the door. There was a lock, but it was rusty or hampered ; but my utmost strength could not turn the key. The bolt was broken and worthless. Balked of my intention, I con soled myself by remembering that I had never had need of fastenings yet, and returned to my bpd. I lay awake for a good while, watching the red glow of the burning coals in the grate. I was quiet now, and more composed. Even the light gossip of the maid, full of petty human cares and joys, had done me good — diverted my thoughts from brooding. Iwas on the point of dropping asleep, when I was twice disturbed. Once by an owl hooting in the ivy outside — an unaccustomed sound, but harsh and melancholy ; once by a long and mournful howling set up by the mastiff, chained in the yard beyond the wing I occupied. A long-drawn, lugubrious howling was this latter, and much such a note as the vulgar declare to herald a death in the family. This wasja fancy I had never shared j but yet I could not help feeling that the dog's mournful moans were sad, and expressive of terror, not at all like his fierce, honest bark of anger, but rather as if something evil and unwonted were abroad. But soon I fell asleep. How long I slept I never knew. I awoke at once with that abrupt start which we all know well, and which carries us in a second from utter unconsciousness to the full use of our faculties. The fire was still burn ing, but was very low, and half the room or more was in deep shadow. I knew, I felt, that some person or thing was in the room, although nothing unusual was to be seen by the feeble light. Yet it was a sense of danger that had aroused me from slumber. I experienced, while yet asleep, the chill and shock of sudden alarm, and I knew, oven in the act of throwing off sleep like a mantle, why I awoke, and that sope intruder was present. Yet, though I listened in tently, no sound was audible, except the faint murmur of the fire— the dropping of a cinder from the bars — the loud irregular beatings of my own heart. Notwithstanding this silence, by some in tuition I- knew that I had not been deceived by a dream, and felt certain that I was not alone. I waited. My heart beat on; quicker, more sudden grew its pulsations, as a bird in a cage might . flutter in pre sence of the hawk. Then I heard a sound, faint, but quite distinct, the clank of iron, the rattling of a chain. I ventured to lift my head from' the pillow. Dim and uncertain as the light was, I saw the curtain of my bed shake, and caught a glimpse of something beyond, a darker spot in the darkness. This confirmation of my fears did not surprise me so much as it shocked it. I strove to ory aloud, but could not utter a word. The chain rattled again, and this time the noise was louder and clearer. But though I strained my eyes, they could not penetrate the obscurity that shrouded the other encT of my chamber, whence came the sullen clanking. In a momont several distinct trains of thought, like many-colored strands of thread twining into one, became palpa ble to my mental vision. Was it a robber ? could it be a supernatural visitant ? or was I the victim of a cruel trick, such as I had heard of, and which some thoughtless persons love to practice on the timid, reckless of its dangerous results? And then a new idea, with some ray of it, sug gested itself. There was a fine young dog ef the Newfoundland breed, a favorite of my father's, which was usually chained by night in an out house. Neptune might have broken loose, found his way to my room, and, finding the door imper fectly closed, have pushed it open and entered. I breathed more freely as this harmless interpreta tion of the noise forced itself upon me. It was — it n\ust be — the dog, and I was distressing myself uselessly. I resolved to call him ; I strove to utter his name—' Neptune, Neptune,' but a secret apprehension restrained me, and I was mute. Then the chain clanked nearer and nearer to the bed, and presently I saw a dusky shapeless mass appear between the curtains on the opposite side to where I was lying. How I longed to hear the whine of the poor animal that I hoped might be the cause of my alarm. But no, 1 heard no sound save the rustling of the curtiins and the clash of the iron chain. Just then the dying flame of the fire leaped up, and with one sweeping hurried glance I saw that the door was shut, and, horror, it is not the dog ; it is the semblance of a human form that now throws itself heavily on the bed outside the clothes, and lies there, huge and swart, in the red gleam that treacherously dies away, after showing so much to affright, and sinks into dull darkness. There was now no light left, though the red cinders yet glowed with a ruddy gleam, like the eyes of wild beasts. The chain rattled no more. I tried to speak, to scream wildly for help i my mouth was parchod, my tongue refused to obey. I could not utter a cry, and, indeed, who could have heard me, alone_ as I was in that solitary chamber, with no living neighbor, and the picture-gallery between me and any aid that even the loudest, most piercing shriek could summon. And the storm that howled without would have drowned my voice, even if help had been at hand. To call loud— to demand who was there— alas ! how useless, how perilous. If the intruder were a robber, my outcries would but goad him to fury ; but what robber would act thus ? As for a trick, that seemed impossible. And yet, what lay by my side, now wholly unseen ? I strovo to pray aloud, as there rushed on my memory a flood of woird legends— the dreaded yot fascinating lore of my childhood. I had hoard and read of the spirits of wicked men forcod to revisit the scenes of their earthly crimes —of demons that lurked in certain accursed spots ? of the ghoul and vampire of the East, stealing amid the graves they rifled for their ghostly ban quets ; and I shuddered as I gazed on the blank darkness where I know it lay. It stirred— it moaned hoarsely; and again I heard the chain clank close beside me — so close that it must almost have touched me. I drew myself from it, shrinking away in loathing and terror of the evil thing— what, I knew not, but felt that some thing malignant was near. And yet, in the extremity of my fear, I dared not speak ; I was strangely cautious to be silent, even in moving further off; for I had a wild hope that it— the phantom, the creature, which ever it was— had not' discovered my presence in the room. And thin I remembered all the events of the night— L»dy Speldhurst's ill-omened vatici nations, Jier. half- warning!, her singular look as we parted, my sister's persuasions, my terror in the gallery, the remark that ' thU was the room nurse Sherard used to talk of.' And then me mory, stimulated by fear, recalled the longfor gotten past, the ill- repute of this disused cham ber, the sins it had witnessed, the blood spilled, tho poison administered by unnatural hate within its walls, and the tradition which called ithaunted. The green-room — I remembered now how fear fully the servants avoided it — how it was mtn tioned rarely, and in whispeis, when we were children, and how we had regarded it as a myste rious region, unfit for mortal habitation. Was it — the dark form with the chain — a creature of this world, or a spectre r And again — more dreadful still — could it be that the corpses of wicked men were forced to rise, and haunt in the body tho places where they had wrought their evil deeds r And was such as these my grizly neighbor ? The chain faintly rattled. My hair bristled ; my eyeballs seemed starting from their sockets ; the damp of a great anguish were on my brow. My heart labored as if I were crushed beneath some vast weight. Sometimes it ap peared to stop its frenzied beatings, sometimes its pulsations were fierce ar.d hurried ; my breath came short and with extreme difficulty, and I shivered as if with cold ; yet I feared to stir. It moved, it moaned, its fetters clanked dismally, the couch creaked and shook. This was no phantom, then — no air-drawn spectre. But its very solidity, its palpable presence, were a thou sand times more terrible. I felt that I was in the very grasp of what could not only affright, but harm ; of something whose contact sickened the 'soul with deathly fear. I made a desperate re solve. I glided from the bed, I seized a warm wrapper, threw it around me, and tried to grope, with extended hands, my way to the door. My heart beat high at the hope of escape. But I had scarcely taken one step belore the moaning was renewed ; it changed into a threatening growl that would have suited a wolfs throat, and a hand clutched at my sleeve. I stood motionless. The muttering growl sank to a moan again, the chain sounded no more, but still the hand held its gripe of my garment, and I feared to move. It knew of my presence, then. My brain reeled, the blood boiled in my ears, and my knees lost all strength, while mv heart panted like that of a deer in the wolf s 'jaws. I sank back, and the benumbing influence of excessive terror reduced me to a state of stupor. When my full consci ousness returned, I was sitting on the edge of the bed, shivering with cold, and barefooted. All was silent, but I felt that my sleeve was still clutched by my unearthly visitant. 'The silence lasted a long time. Then followed a chuckling laugh, that froze my very marrow, and the gnashing of teeth as in demoniac frenzy ; and then a wailing moan, and this was suceeded by silence. Hours may have passed — nay, though the tumult of my own heart pre vented my hearing the clock strike, must have passed — but they seemed ages to me. And how were they spent ? Hideous visions passed before the aching eyes th 1 1 dared notcloso, but which gazed ever into the dumb darkness where it lay ? my dread companion through the watches of the night. I pictured it in every abhorent form which an excited fancy could summon up : now as a skeleton, with hollow eyeholes and grinning fleshless jaws ; now as a vampire with ivid face and bloated form, and dripping mouth wet with blood. Would it never be li.eht ! And yet, when day should dawn, I should be forced to see it face to face. I had heard that spectre and fiend were compelled to fade as morning brightened, but this creature was wo leal, too foul a thing of earth, to vanish at cockcrow. No ! I should see it— the horror— face to face !' And then the cold prevailed, and my teeth chattered, and shi verings ran thro ugh me, and yet there was the damp of agony on my bursting brow. Some instinct made me snatch at a shawl or cloak that lay on a chair within reach, and wrap it round me. The moan was renewed, and the chain just stirred. Then I sank into apathy, like an Indian at a stake, in the intervals of torture. Hours fled by, and I remained like a statue of ice, rigid and mute. I even slept, for I remember that I started to find the cold grey light of an early winter's day was on my. face, and stealing around tho room from between the heavy curtains of the window. Shuddering, but urged by the impulse that rivets the gaze of the bird upon the snake, I turned to see the Horror of the night. Yes, it was no fevered dream, no halucination of sick ness, no airy phantom unable to face the dawn. In the sickly light I saw it lying on the bed, with its grim head on the pillow. A man? Or a corpse arisen from its unhallowed grave, and awaitin' the demon that animated it. There it lay— a gaunt, gigantic form, wasted to a skeleton, half clad, foul with dust and clotted gore, its huge limbs fluug upon the couch as if at random, its. shaggy hair streaming over the pillows like a lion's mane. Its face was to wards me. Oh, the wild hideousness of that face, even in sleep ! In features it was human, even through its horrid mask of mud and half-dried bloody gout?, but the expression was brutish and savagely fierce ; the white teeth were visible between the parted lips, in a malig nant grin ; the tangled hair and beard were mixed in leonine confusion, and there were scars dis figuring the brow. Round the creature s waist was a ring of iron, to which was attached a heavy but broken chain— the chain I had heard clank ing. With a second glance I noted that part of the chain was wrapped in straw, to prevent its Kallin' the wearer. The creature— I cannot call it a man— had the marks of fetters on its wrists, the bony arm that protruded through one tattered sleeve was scarred and bruised; the feet were bare, and lacerated by pebbles and briers, and one of them was wounded, and wrapped in a morsel of rag. And the lean hands, one of which held my sleeve, were armed with talons like an eagle's. In an instant, the horrid truth flashed upon me— I was in the grasp of a madman. Butter the phan tom that scares the sight than the wild beast that rends and tears the quivering flesh— the pitiless human brute that has no heart to bs soft ened, no reason at whose bar to plead, no com passion, nought of man save the form and the cunning. I gasped in terror. Ah ! the mystery of those ensanguined fingers, those gory wolfish jaws ! that face, all besmeared with blackening -lood, is revealed ! The slain sheep, so mangled and rent— the fantastic butchery— the print of the naked foot— all, all were explained ; and the chain, tho broken link of which was found near the slaughtered animals— it came from his broken chain— tho chain ho had snapped, doubtless, in his escape from the asylum where his raging frenzy had been fettered and bound. In vain 1 in vain ! Ah, me ! how had this grizly Samson broken manacles and prison bars — how had he eluded guardian and keeper and a hostile world, and come hither on his wild way, hunted like a beast of prey, and snatching his hideous banquet likfl a beast of prey too ! Yes, tlirough the tatters of his mean and ragged garb I could see the marks of the severities, cruel and foolish, with which men in that time tried to tame tho might of madness. Tho scourge — its marks were there ; and the scars of the hard iron fetters, and many a cicatrice and welt, that told c. dismal tale of harsh usage. But no w he was loose, free to play the brute— the baited, tortured brute that they had made him— now without the cage, and ready to gloat over the victims his strength should ovorpower. Horror ! horror ! I was the prey— the victim— already in the tiger's clutch ; and a deadly sickness came over me, aid the iron entered into my soul, and I longed to scream and was dumb ! I died a thou sand deaths as that awful morning wore on. I dared not faint. But words cannotpaint what I sufferedas I waited ? waited till the moment when ho should open his eye3 and be aware of my presence ; for I was assured that he kne *v it not. He had entered the chamber as a lair, when weary and gorged with his horrid orgie ; and he had flung himself down ;o sleep without a suspicion that ho was not alone. Even his grasping my sleeve was doubtless an act done betwixt sleeping and waking, like his uncon scious moans and laughter, in some frightful dream. Houro went on ; then I trembled as I thought that soon the house would be astir, that my maid wjuld come to call me as usual, and awake that ghastly sleeper. And might he not have time to tear mo, as he tore the sheep, before any aid could arrive ? At last what I dreaded came to pass— a light footstep on the landing there is a tap at tho door. A pause succeeds, and then the tapping is renewed, and this time more loudly. Then the madman Btretched hi9 limbs and uttered his moaning cry, and Mb eyes slowly opened— very slowly opened, and met mine. The girl waited awhile ere she knocked for the third time. I trembled lest she should open the door unhidden— see I that grim thing,- and by her idle screams and , terror bring about the worst. Long before strong I men could arrive I know that I should be dead— 1 ah,d what « death I Ttw maid waited, no doubt surprised at my unusually sound slumbers, for I was in general a light sleeper and an early riser, but reluctant to deviate from habit by entering without permission. I was still alone with the thing in man's shape, but he was awake now. I saw the wondering surprise in his haggard bloodshot eyes ; I saw him stare at me half vacantly, then with a crafty yet wondering look ; and then I saw the devil of murder begin to peep forth from those hideous eyes, and the lips to part as in a sneer, and the wolfish teeth to bare themselves. But I was not what I had been. Fear gave me a new and a desperate composure — a courage foreign to my nature. I had heard of the best method of managing the insane ; I could but try ; I did try. Calmly, won dering at my own foigned calm, I fronted the glare of those terrible eves. ' Steady and undaunted was my gaze — motionless my attitude. I mar velled at myself, but in that agony of sickening terror, I was outwardly firm. They sink, they quail abashed, those dreadful eyes, before the gaze of a helpless 'girl; and tho shame that is never absent from insanity bears down the pride' of strength, the bloody cravings of the wild beast. The lunatic moaned and drooped his shaggy heud between his gaunt squalid hands. I lost not an instant. I rose, and with one spring reached the door, tore it open, and with a shriek, rushed through, caught the wondering girl by the arm, and, crying to to her to run for her life, rushed lika the wind along the galleiy, down the corridor, down the stairs. Mary's screams filled the house as she fled beside me. I heard a long drawn, raising cry, the roar of a wild animal mocked of its prey, and I knew what was behind me. I never tui—.ed my head — I flew rather than ran. I was in the hall already ; there was a rush of many feet, an outcry of many voices, a sound of scuffling of feet, and brutal yells, and oaths, and heavy blows, and I fell to the ground, crying, ' Save me !' and lay in a swoon. I awoke from a delirious tronce. Kind faces were around my bed, loving looks were bent on me by all, by my dear father and dear sisters, but I scarcely saw them before I swooned again. * * * * When I recovered from that long illness, through which I had been nursed so tenderly, the pity ing looks I met made me tremble. I asked for a looking glass. It was long denied me, but my importunity prevailed at last — a m'rror was brought. My youth was gone at one fell swoop. The glass showed me a living and haggard face, blanched and bloodless as of one who sees a spectre ; and ii the ashen lips and wrinkled brow, and dim eyes, I could trace nothing of my old self. The hair, too, jetty and rich before, was now as white as snow, and in on? night the ra vages of half a century had passed over my face. Nor have my nerves ever recovered their tone after that dire shock. Can you wonder that my life was blighted, that my lover .shrank from me, so sad a wreck was I? I am old now — old and alone. My sisters would have had me to live with them, but I chose not to sadden their genial homes with my phantom face and dead eyes. Reginald married another. He lias been dead many years* I never ceased to pray for him, though he left me when I was bereft of all. The sad weird is nearly over now. I am old, and near the end, and wishful for it. I have not been bitter or hard, but I cannot bear to see many people, and am best alone. I try to do what good I can with the worthless wealth Lady Speldhurst left tns, for at; my wish my purtion was shared between my sisters. What need had I of inheritances ? — I, the shattered wreck made by that one night of horror ! A Recent Biographer of John Bunyan mnkes the aslonishing assurance that after he obtained a license to preach ' he became far popularity and usefulness the Spurgeon of his day.' The Empress's Toilette: — A good sign was whispered amongst the ladies-in* waiting at the Tuileries recently. The Empress, for the first time since her misfortune, had marked the dress to be placed on the effigy in the tirinjj-roora. Every morning a book of patterns ia brought to her Majesty with a box of gilt-headed pins. Her Majesty looks over the book and chooses thence the dresses to be worn for the day — for morning, driving, and evening costume. The book is taken back to the head femme de chambre, who imme diately attires three wax figures in the costumes. -—Court Journal. How to Save the Union ! — A distinguished Democratic senator has suggested to President Buchanan a sovereign remedy for the present poli tical troubles. It was to notify Lord' Lyons of the termination of all negotiations touching San Juan Island, and to dispatch orders by the Pony Express to the Pacific squadron to take imme diate possession of the island and expel all the British troops. The senator vurged that as the island was ours, a war would be just, and the effect would be to break up all Southern Conven tions and annihilate secession.— iVeM- York Times. How the Scotch Minister took Beef Tea.. — A Scotch minister was once ordered 'beef tea' by his physician. The next day the patient com plained that it made him sick. ' Why, minis ter,' said the doctor, ' I'll try the tea mysel1.' So, putting some in a skillet, he warmed it, tasted it, and told the minister it was excellent. 'Man,' says the minister, 'is that the way ye sup it?'1 'What ither way should it be suppit? It's ex cellent, minister.' ' It may be gude that way, doctor, but try it with the cream and sugar, man ! try it wi' that, and then we see hoo we like it.' — Ladies' Own Journal. A Yankee Youth. — In the evening I went to pay some- visits, taking a little boy of fourteen to show me the way. I noticed that he was chew ing tobacco, and asked how long he had been ad dicted to that indulgence ; and was told four vears, and that he also smoked cigars. ' The fiist time a boy gave me a bit, I spit it out,' he conti nued, ' and the jecond too ; but he said I should try again, and at last I learned to like it.' ' Does your mother allow you to do this ? ' ' Oh ! she don't know ! Some people told her; and she sometimes smells me, but when she asks me, I deny right out.' ' What ! you tell lies ?' ' Why, yes, to be sure ; you wouldn't have me to tell her the tru'li? She would beat me.' 'What light is that?' I asked of this hopeful youth; 'is it a bonfire?' ' No, it is a house afire, I ijuess.' 'Where is it?' ' I don't know, and I don't care. There was a ship wrecked on the lake this afternoon. The masts blew right out, and all the cargo was lost.' V Was the crew lost, too r' 'I don't know, but I guess they were.' ' Who does that large house belong to? 'It did belong to Mr H., but he has gone off to the West, and has taken a lot of money with him.' 'He was very rich I suppose?' 'No; but he had a good many debts, and he didn't want to pay them ; so he sold a. lot of his property quietly, and then went off himself.' When I got to the house I was going to, I met with a cordial reception, as did also my small and by no means elegant-looking attendant. The master of the house himself gave him a ohair when he perceived that he belonged to me, and let him, in true Republican fashion, make one of the company; in fact he entered the room just as if hethoughthewas,anclafterwards,asifitwascold,he brought his chair near the fire, and made himself com fortable. All this was still rather now to me With us, a little attendant sprite of that kind, would have waited outside the doer, or have gone into the kitchen ; but I had afterwards often occasion to notice that here people of that class would, not exactly in an impudent manner, but quite unconsciously, go in everywhere with me, and introduce me ; and were everywhere treated with the greatest friendliness, without any appa rent effect or condescension on the part of the master of the house. — Kohl's Travels in Canada and through the States of New York and Pennsyl vania. Ciiown Lands of Canada.. — The report of the Commissioners of the Crown Lands of Canada for the last year setve3 again to rcnind us of the vast territorial extent of the colony, and the yet im mense undeveloped resources which it possesses. Of the 212,000,000 acres in Canada which are drained by the St. Lawrence and its tributaries, there are not at present one-fifth which have been brought into cultivation. Each successive year, though it adds its hundreds and thousands of acres to the quantity disposed of, still leaves the great bulk untouched, and tho absorption at the rate of a million of acres every year weuld require two centuries before the public lands of Canada were fullv eccupied. A large portion of the land of the colony, like that of every other coun try, is ill-adapted for cultivation ; but leaving a wide margin for the wa3to and uncultivable tracts, it will require at tho present rate of progress more ,than 200 years to settle and cultivate the lands jyet undisposed of. During thj last year the] (quantity sold was but 401,000 acres, and the \ jaVeiage selling pricp was only a trifle over a dol- j jar an acre,' the total amount realised by sales, be- I ng 476,000 doUua,-~Canafftan News. j 