;;;: V::Vv/HUNTiNG. .; ' :,:''-'' »TI3 TTIXM Tirn niinovBSE ? - ' HOSXDH, DkarBrll, — On Saturday afternoon lost, the muster, accompanied by such few friends m could bo mustered at on impromptu notice, took the pack out for a 'breather' along tho sea coast, aa a sort of 'prelimi- nary canter' to an curly commencement of action. Tlie 'darlings' looked handsome as pictures, and scorned aa full oMife 03 an egg ib of meat; nor could tin so best acquainted witn tticlr last icasons torm Help drawing tho conclusion that they appeared fit this year to run down any gamo that might rise bofjro them. After tho party' h»d enjoyed a merry gallop along the heath, towards Cheltenham, Air. Watson tnrncd homownrda through the old favourito hunting ground, m being the ? nearest cut to tho kennel. Scarce, however, had a cou plo ofi miles been jogged over, when tho hounds picked tip a burning scent, dashed off full cry, viewed a boom ing kangaroo, stuck closo to his trail, and ran him for ? Ilia bare Iifo until it was so dark that tho horses., ran against tho fences before their riders hardly knew they were not on flat ground. Under llieso trying circumstances it was compulsory to whip off, though no easy task to check tbo eager canines, and our sportsmen ivcro obligod to cool their excited blood by a tedious journoy of inoro than twenty miles in tho dark. 'Sainted Maria I' i( tho houuda run ?when in full condition as they now promise to do, Btccplecbaso paco will becomo quite slow going 1 Before concluding this short scrawl about a bye-meet, allow me to intinuato that I trust immediately to resume my pleasant task of giving regular narrations of the ?'M.H.C. doings,' for on Saturday next tho opening meet takes place, and Cheltenham, the trysting place par excellence in days gono by, has been selected for the lirst appointment. At the convenient hour of uiuo breakfast will bo prepared by the facetious Tom Xunn, the new landlord of our umqubilo head quarters, and by ten o'clock wo hope to be at tho covert cido as ' merry b grigs.' ' NIMBODS GHOST. - 