DISTRICT INTELLIGENCE. [BOM. OUt- CORiRESPONFIENTo.1 . JAMiBEROO. It liansnot iillen to my lot during the present sum mer, to record many-indeedianyofi those: evr-interest inuginatters--adventures-,wjth snakes. The follbwing. ineidenit, which may appcnr.wdrth relating, wasre ported to me by-one of the two parties chiefly concerned, the,. other niot;.ha i g survived the hbisiness. On Mon'dny last,.ns our neighbor, Mr. JoSeplH, Ihigney, was entering" his sleeping reoom, iitlsn bed hielc hLd"ad , little time. beforo been made up, lie saw proj~etiiig from beneath' blio. Uipper-' ilothes, which were thrown blcll; the tail otl is black;'snake. As Mr. -:Rignoy, wos. aunwilings that ? so diagreeable -din. intruder, shauhl' oscape his voengpaoo; buh.had. no.. seWapo immediately ut liundi lie proceeded to'dispose of, tlio: reptileo in what night seem a hnzardousanode. Seizing him. with both. hands by thotail,: he,. hi.?h..suadelon olffrt," dragged him from under the bod- olotlies, and whirling him rounds dushedltimin'with nlllhis force acrtss the head-beoard of" the lied, repeating this treatmentoonce or twice to make'sure. Thle snake, as miy be supposed,, did. noi survive this cruel usage, but"fortliwit lie geve u, p thei ghost. A.eoat snorltes examination showed his g longi tude" to be about five feet thredinclhes. I illuiled some little time since to the position of the. sottlias.about.tlie Burra Creek, and the probability that. brcaches, of ponce might occur between these persons, aind thoese, througlr whose-lands it is iecessary to pass in ordiler. to briyg out their produce.. ' This nppcreheunsion has been, ffoltilled on,, at lensteonooeeasion, which has come to my knowledge, and under:suflicientlp amusing circumstances: which, however, it is not worth while! publicly- to"de tail. That the Burra Creek settlers. should be left inu, snol a predicament is certainly anomalbus,:and on some body's part certainly unjust. That portion of tlie Burra. Creek Rioad, which was lately shifted from its former di rection,; is now being substantially fericed by IMessro. John Taite and George. Wood,.and the line certiinly seems to have been well selected. ..Whenever this road is " formed" it is to be hoe ped thnattle person employed, will not be nllowredito twikt it hither anid thither, fbor their own conivenience, like tlie hidebus and serpentine road on the southern slope of Teite's hill.:: : : It is disgusting, even to a person not .immediately concerned, to observe how quietly, the movemnint fbr establishing a trade with Melbourne, has been allowed, to. drop. But, tliough the circumstance isn regardBd' wtith such indilerence Iby the general run of the settlers here, it will, doubtless cause hungo exultntion elsewhere. IHow will the upright nud disinterested, a ngents," in Sydney' rejoice over the imbecile helplessness of. tlhose amnible, settlers and' dairymen, who are at once their patrons. and victimns:. J3b though it moay be useless to bring snuch a scheme before the apathetic public in general,. perhnaps something of the kind prrojcted, "might be brought into operation by a combination of those wlho. are most largely concerned, and.who might therefore be. expected to exert with more themselvess otivity. This would, at the same time, be abenefit to the. district, in .general: altlhou?hl those who will not help themselvee, certainly do not deserve to reap the 'fuit., of the labors of others. 