GAYNDAH. [FROM THE GHuST OF BAN BAN,] 1 I am blamed, I notice, in some quarters for iny frequent' picccs of information about, and comments upon, that unique member «-f Parliament, Mr. Haly. ', His . supporters against : nle uver tliut lie is hone.it if not bright, and conscientious if not clever ; and this appears the sum total they can' raise us a set-oti' to the enormous injury lie is capable of d. ing the northern districts of the colony, Tis the f.iint praise' that damns. Neither Honesty nor lier twin sister Conscientiousness, invokes respect from an enemy, ? unless accompanied — as in our members' case — with such blundering ignpr^nce as we suffer, and they benefit from. * After all. my irritation at- the representation we are dis graced with is caused more by the follies and forced content inent of the misrepresented than by the weakness, and worse , of those who ure sacrificing the importance of these parts at i the shrine of Brisbane covetousness. 'Tis agaiiist the electors' who elected, and the constituents who are contented to see ' our interests and wants forgotten, despisod, injured — aye, and sold by, and to please, a centralizing pernicious Govern ment — that my ire and irony are exhibited. What is it, oh ye credulous Burnett men, think you, that reconciles the Brisbanites to.the humiliating uftsAianBgement of the Post Qffice, but the conviction tbat it and the;Treslsury virtually add to their electorates t What isit prevents them from indulging in their habitual, tlieir wonted; their natural ' ribaldry and sarcasm at thiB town, at its meetings, its efforts to make this or that improvement, and at the men we listen to and send from it as our representatives ? Nothing but the knowledge that we are being disposed of, and are playing their life and death game at last through; our own members ! What prevented the Moreton Bay press from ridiculing that monstrously inaccurate statement of Mr. Haly'a. when mov- . ing for u return of the money paid, into thfe Trea^u^y upon account of teuders which have not been reported upon ? What prevented them from crying eui bono t Nothing1 but the ' policy to see these important districts alwayjfrepresented by a man who could establish their claim to non-importance by proclaiming their insignificance now, and inability hereafter,. to expand. IIU endeavour to prove that thej are ' -folly stocke.1' made quite an impression upon tbe ^'centralizing,' us well it might .; and if he ooald only stretch bis conscience into making the . discovery when ''figuring', before the As sembly next time that your hurbour is not capacious enough, or only just capacious.enougli to enable you to carry j)irou»h it .the business' which -of course ions attained Us maximum state, he will be looked upon in Brisbane' as almost too honest and conscientious, I expect. -. But .really his assertion that the Burnett, Wide. Bay, and Puit Curtis districts are '? entirely stooked ' is an audacious uutruth, and one whioh I beg even the members of the 'family party' will not be pleased at^ Jt is wickedly, mis- i cliievously uutrue. It does not display iguoranoe or dullness for he knows better and everybody knows better ; but it does evince his squatting canker— his ability to assist anything in defence of the present pastoral tenurei and land bill. These districts are not one-half stocked ; the PorfCurdB one is not one-fourth. There is not a statiop in either, if' prop- erly managed, but would profitably hold twice asmiich nearly as it now supports ; and there would be a wretched prospect before us indeed for our towns if the business'of the country around them could not be increased. I helieve a greater V-': piece of political turpitude wax never displayed by {['repre sentative than ours then exhibited, and fahoiild sayn/»w ai} doubt must be removed— from one end of tiie jdjstrict to the other — whether there is safety or not in voting, for Brisbane delegates. C6uld aiiytWng be more unctuous to that Assem bly than tbe assurance' that there is 110 more roohi to the northward of their beloved bad liarboUr for the tipaneibVi of trade — that Maryborough ships nil the wool aiVd, 'tallow Jt ever can, has all the population it e ver will need— tiiat aEl our towns are as large as they ought to be, as there is no Unoccu pied country left to create more trade for. them.. . Mr. Haly's exhibition upon. that occasion of 'honesty ' and 'conscientiousness' to his tsobstituunts, must have given much comfort to: his h6n.'cplleaguet for after suoli a, . satisfactory exposition of the immaterial stature of the north - Mr. Mackenzie's conscience must 'havfe been considerably relieved relative to the proportion which his desire to please 1 tbe Brisbane people had prompted him to allot of the revenue ' : to these parte; aud so we — that is, the noilh— are ouly to get about a thousand pounds cut of the hundred and odd thousAnds to be borrowed. Ye 'happy family party'! men, what Hay you to this f what say you to your member who possesses every pbweiV to do ' you financial justice, and ,yet; Is? so frightened of and truckling to the 'centra listers' that he does not even give you , a modicum of yourrights. I have not been so idle of late as you may imagine; though oue or two incidents have occurred which T can't approve of. On the whole I -may 'say that we' are a deciSediy improving community. Tbere.is less desire uow shown upon the part of the rich to make *- good fellers' of themselves With the'poor, ? and there is certainly less^ambition exhibited upon the part of the townsmen ' to appear as good as the squatters;' These faUe positions I have endeavoured io destroy . Even if occupied they would produce disappointments and heart burnings only, besides they tend to do away with all renl self dignity, all-degrees of respect and fundamentally ^lecessiny relations of society. The 'new style' of squatters intro duced the apparent desire to change.- They sought fo(- popu larity by undue familiarity, till at last the whole tone „? of society seemed in danger. Magistra^es' begaii to be distin guished for low company and iuebriety^'arid their friends by conduct which was very f ir distant from gentlemanlike. Having departed from the track ;which shopld liave directed their private walks, it m«s hatural^they should have gone astray also in tlieir public duties: ' -Tiie whole coiiimuuity has suffered, but I do. I believe thoie mistiiken times are past. I have some little dread, I must confess, of theebming I rac«s. I' think it possible asses as well as horses will be ou the couree. for I hear of some very rush propo&itipiis; tliat , have been made. , r' We are to have aTace ball— a most excellent tliing in its | way; but f protest against a repetition of the 10^ity.''»|ie , mixture, the indecorum, and I fcimld iiny'niore Which chjiWe- ' , terised and disgraced some of the former iinus. I:shull be j no silent spectator of Mfciit paBse* this yVrir.' My vocation is to add to the comforts, the bappiuoss, and the privilegcs of my fellow-townsmen ; but I Will not permit to pass By any flagrtint violations of either public or private virtue without notice.- ' - ' * . ,' t ??? Gayndab, May 27th, 1861. Wby^ald you not' extend the same pity to that wretched. English exhibited in liertorii 'No. 4 whicli yoii idid to No. 8. The poetry could not have been more doggerel thauthe prose. f 