»,.,,,-» -.™CxlICBuBTr'^-'' ?''?'?? ~~-''' Hori&fc; ' to- SBCrtRTAiuia op Clubs.— We thill feel obliged if Secretaries; both in town and country,' wilt forward ut intimation of thtir Club proceedings, at the latest, by Thursday morning; and ire beg them to notice especially that both names ana' fiqures arctcqihlu tet forth. JKecannat undertake to imert accounts of 'cricket matches played on the precious Saturday, tvhen the scores do not reath our nffice until the following Thursday. TICK VSIIEn J5E.BVBIC T. TlfFTTTT XWO of lAn.UUKIi unil IHMTIIICX. The noknowlerlged ovcellcuoo individually of the mem bers of tlie United F.loven, together with tho uniform bucccsj whioli has hitherto attended them na n body, in duced tbo United Tnradnlo nnd Malnisbiry Clnb to stipulate to piny twenty- two instead of eighteen. Tho Heron acceded to their views, find henco the present Mutch. As tha Malmsbury folk liiul rantributcd largely to the funcs, it wai sgrccd to toss whether tho match should be played at Malmsbury or I'ariidale. The 'hsnd oi mil' business decided in favour of the lns! nnmed locality, though the lormer club, having n betttr ground, would have boon much more favourable to the United. Indeed, from tho bumpy and uneven state, of the ground on which the match was played, it was im possible to make .1 disp'ny of cricket- The hJoven, win ning tlie ton, elected to go in first, and tho gnme com menced with Maco and Marshall gome; to thu nickels, to tho bowlingnf Amos and Bronkcr. Mnrshnll received tbo first ball from Amos, which ho hit for 1. After a few wldes by Amop, Mace was ought by Frasor, nt ih-rt s'ip, the ball glancing off bin nether end, but euppoted by the umpire to bc'nff his hand. (Tbo 6rat wicket down for 11 run'.) Bryant supplied the vacincy, and, like his predecessor, wns cancht by Frazer- Indeed, from tho swirmlngof a field of 22, it was difficult to get a ball put for a run. Bryant's double was from a log hit. (Two ont for 15 runs.) John Huddloston now joined Marshall ; and from the prestige of his recent nuccees on tbo Richmond ground, his appearance at tho wicket ?was reeaided with great interest. He made a good cut, tut only got one for it; this ho followed by a drive for 2, nnd 11 leg hit for 3. when..-Intshall was bowled by a shooter. The lnttoi'd nino comprised a three, n two, and the remainder in singles (Three wicketa for 2(3 runs.) MaHnson followod Marshal], and with John Huddie Bton, ran the worn up to 46, whon a ball from Brooker roso, and being touched by tho baf, w»s qtietly deposited in tho hands of Amos at short slip. Up to this time, John Huduieston had obtained tho highest score, viz., 13. Costick had only two b»lU, . tho first a short hitch, and the second (tbe fifth, by-tbe-by, of tho over of 4), which he tried to smother, took his bails. This was the only duck' egg yet marked (five for -G)/ After a brief pause for re freshments, Hammersley iuined Makinson, nnd the two continued to get tho ball through part, or over tho ex tensive field, till Hendley relieved Brooker. In the first over he bowled a wide. In tho third over he caught Uaxinson off himself. 58 runs were announced for the loss of fix wickets, and Tom Uuddleston was sent in to join Hammereley. The next ball from Hundley, to Bummersley, was put into the hands of Gre gory at short slip, Hendley thus getting two ?wickets in two balls, leaving the last ball of bis over to be received by T. Huddleston. Elliott now put in an appearance, and in tho next over of Hendley he was fortunate in catching Elliott off bis own bowling. Grid, not used to the ground, which bangs, hit too quickly at the ball,' and' lifted it too much. (Eight for 51.) Hopkinson joined Tom Huddleston, and was caught from his first ball. \V. Ross, tho last man, then essayed to retrieve the seemingly fallinc fortunes of the United, and commenced with a single, when he also was caught by Hendley, at Bhort slip. The Eleven being all out for 67; T. Huddleston, who made a fino log hit for three, carrying out his bat for four. The first innings of tho Twenty two commenced with B. Anderson and Gregory, to tho bowling of Elliott and Bryant. Compared with the previous innings, there seemed scarcely any men in the field. Mnce, as ?wicket: keeper, acquitted himself bo well that ho gave no trouble to the long stop. Bryant's first four overs wore maidens. Both An-!ornon and Grocory defended their wickota with MtnnnmrnntA par«. but were eventually ssparated by a spleudid bit of fielding by George Costiolc, who picked up the ball, re turned it with remarkable celerity, and threw it into Gregory's wicket heforo the lattor conld roturn. (Tho first wicket for 2 runs.) Toe took Gregory's placo, and after a few maidens, mndo a- stogie. The bowling of Bryant was dcsorvcdly applauded; ho bowled ten overs without a run, and eventually took Anderson's wicket. (Two for G runs). Lyons joined Tee, nnj tho latter was toon after bowled by Elliott for one. (Three for C). The bowling and long-stopping romarkBbly good. A. C. Jones tbon wielded tho willow to the Bamo bowlers. Lyons foil a viclim to n break back from Bryant, with throo to his name. (Four for 12.) Though the United had made no great score in their innings, it was generally acknowledged that thoir bowling and fielding wob better than liad ever been witnessed in the district. 31 overs had boon bowled for only Urunn. Joseph Oddie joined JoncB, and hud but a short reign, being easily caught by thelongstop(Hopkin son). (Five for 17 runs ) Goldlng, who supplied the vacancy, was bowled the second ball by ' Jerry.' (Six for 17.) Buttcrworth and Jones were now in together, and tho former, after defending his wicket with great skill for a long time, was caught by Hammersley, third man, for 2 only. (Seven for 24.) Lockyer then ap peared, and was bowled tho first ball by 'Costick. who had gone on to bowl in the placo of Elliott. (Eight for 24, and the backers of tho Eleven getting sanguine.) Amos becaino tho companion of Jones, and tlie lattor continued his cautious career, till he ?was cleverly caught by Bryant. (Nine for 27.) i^oioraaa next, ana was easily bowled, without scoring.' making room for Hendley, who made a fine leg hit for 2, and a cut forditto, when Coitick fonnd his way into his wicket. (Eleven out for 35 runB.) Taylor then went Id, and Amos won bowled without increasing the score- B, Anderson ployed well to tho leg till he gave a- chance, to Hopkimon, who rarely mimes. ' (Thirteen out lor 43.) G. Brooker obtained two when he lost his companion, Taylor, by a beauti ful ball from Bryant; whoso bowling on better ground ?would have been killing. (Fourteen for51.) Brooker then had H. Archdall for a partnor, nnd Makinson went on to bowl at Costick's end. In his first over he took Brooker's ?wicket, making a vacancy for W. Archdall. II. Arch dall was out leg before wicket. (Sixteen out still for 51) R. JohnBton joined \V. Archdall, but failed to Bcore. xun luur jusb £ul'£ uut lor 1 run. liinam was next, and Mace stumped him tho first ball. (Eighteen for 52.) Mudd was bowled tho first bull by Jlakmaon, and the stumps were drawn with 19 wiclceLs down for 52 runs. Tho game to bo continued at 10 the following morning UNITED ELEVBN. G. Marshall, b Amos .... 9 I'. Huddleston, not out . 4 J. Mace, c Krascr ? J G. Klliott.o and b Hendley 0 Bryant, c Fra-'cr ? a Ilopltinaon, c Hendley . , 1 J. Huddleston, b Amos .. 13 Robs, c Henilley, b Amos 1 Makinson, 0 and bliendley 11 BytsO, 1 b3, wides7.... 19 8\. CoBtlck, b Brooker ? 0 _ Jlammeraley, cGregory... 0 Total ? C7 iTAIIADAtr. Gregory, runout ? 1 Uendley, b Costick ? 4 IS. Anderson, b Bryant.... 3 Taylor, b Bryant. ... . 0 Toe, b Elliott ? 1 II. Anderson. oHopklnson 6 .Lyons, b Bryant ? 3 Uroofccr, b Makinson ? 2 Jones, c Robb, b Bryant... 0 n. Archdall, lbw ? 0 Oddie, 0 Ilopklnson ? 1 Johnston, 0 Maco ? , .. 0 Goldlug, b Bryant .. ? 0 Gillam, st Uuce ? 0 Buttcrworth, cllnmmerslcy 3 Mod'!, b MakinBon ? 0 lockyer, b Costlck ? 0 Bycs4,widel,lbyea7.. 12 Amos, b Drynnt ? 3 _ Coleman, b Bryant ? 0 Total ? 52 mennrono v. TOEtnowiinfE. This match, commenced last Saturday on tlie. ground of the Richmond club, has resulted in a most glorious victory for the suburbans, and will ever be remembered an me match in which 'Huddleston mado that tremendous store of a hundred and forty-two.' Tho game was commenced by tho Richmondites sending in Mace and Marshall, who, our renders will remomber, mado each a largo scoro and not out, on the same ground, previous to their playing tho up-country matches.: Bryant and Conway wcro tho bowlers on this occasion, but bo successful were the bats in killing tho bowling that when about 30 runs had been obtained, Macdonuld was put on at Conwav's end, and Costick, soon after, relieved Bryant. Marshall was fairly bowlod by Costick, not, however, before tho very satisfactory number of fil) was placed on the talegrapb. During tliis splendid exhibition of battiug, eclipsed, however, later in the afternoon, every change of bowling was tried, including Bryant, Con wsy, Macdonald, Costick, and Wray, whoso slow undf r' hands, it was hoped, would not bo so easily plaved by those who had been usod to tho fast pace of Elliott. Costick bad the credit of getting rid of Mace, which ho effected by a very good length ball. (Two wickets for GG runs.) John Huddleston and Brodio were the next two, and the former commenced with some fino drives in his old stylo. Wrny's bowling was far from successful, 17 runa being got 0»' him in three overs, ho consequently resigned, Brodie was well in when ne gavo a chance to Makinson at point. (Three- out for 120 runs!) Jacomb joined Huddleston, and tho latter continued to score without (jiving a ' ghost of a chance.' Ilnkinson was put on to bowl, in the hope that he might stem tho cur rent which had set in bo favourable for the suburbans. This change, howovcr, mado n» difference, for Jncomb, who bad commenced with singles, soon got a good sight and punishod the bowling severely, and in a very short time 160 runs wcro telographed. Conway atid Bryant wero again tried, and Jacomb made n splendid leg hit for five. Huddleston was so well in that he could scarcely Miss a ball. It was tip and run, tip and run, only diversified by an occasional drive for three or four, ?without intermission, (ill 200 runs were displayed on the board. Tho metropolitans, nevertheless, pfirsovered to stop the victorious career of these two bats. Fortune.,' hoirevor, favoured the Ricbmonditea, for a ball from Jacomb's bat, which would have been oaBily taken by Wr»y, found its way to the (jroujid through the over anxiety Of Costick, who ran into collision with the litter, thus giving ' the colt ' anothor life. Th« telegraph soon showed 220 runs to tho delighted gaze of tlw Richmonditca, with only three wickets down. It seemed that these two boti would not be got out on that day, the mono particularly ai it wanted but a few minutes to seven. A most extra ♦rtiuuxy catch by Cumberland at point, fcowew stopped the game for_the,,«venin(f, and 8enJl.Jaconib.t,o,receive. the congratulations of his friends in the pavilion. The balljwas hit with great force,'nearly a yard abevo 'Cum- berland's head, who jumped up, reached it, and retained it with one hand. With the. loss of four wickets- 229 runs n-ere obtained. Hopkimon was tho next man, but as the bowlers wero nearly «11 worn out, it was deter mined to draw the stumps and renew the game on the following Monday. On Monday, 1I10 match was oontinued. and on this occjsion the spectators wero nmuer up. J. Huddleaton took up hid iniifupp whero ho had left off on the previous Saturday. S. Hopkinson being his vu-a-vis. Huddleston put on tifrosb his Sutnrdnj's stylo, and hit tho ball about to all parts of tbo field j hero a leg hit for four, one of those peculiar to Huddleston and Mace, and tborc, a beautiful forward drive for tlitcc. A Cambridce poke- or two nbinined n few moro runs, nud nftor adding 44 to Iris already brilliant rcorc ot 118, making a total of 142, Huildles'xn was caught by Rennio at point, a very tine c\tch. Huddicstoii'n exit from the field was tbo signal fur a round of npplau'c, and after his wicket had fallon, the otherB woro soon out — Hopkinr.oti Bcoreil 8, Rynn 5, and T. Huddlestoti 4. The extras ran up the xoormous total of C4, making tho sooro of the Richmond 314. Tho Melbourne men woro immediate v nut in. Brvnnt and WartUll being tho first to mnkc an appearance. iNoither were long in, or lincl time to make long scores, Macdonald haviog been B*.tisfjctori)y dis osed of bj Brodie off Wills lor 4. Wray and S. Coi'ick found Ihomsolves together, and continued so for some littlo time, both of tl'ein hitting Will*'* slows and Mace's suro medium pace round-arm about for some lime, but Sam's time was at hand. A most ecduccivo slow tendered in the mott tempting manner by Willf , was not to be lost, and S. Costick hit it hiph up and nway into tho air, nn« was caught out by Hopkinson. Wray conoluded his innings for Z6. fruin being given out lee before wicket, at which he seemed inclined to he doubtful, nnd disputo the fact. When there wero throe wickcti down for 60, ihe game did not look aa though it was quite lnBt for the M.C.C., but on therotiteinmtof the last two men, the wickets went down like shelling penn. Marshall took up bis old position at the wickets with Brodio, and waited patiently for the twisting slows of WilU, and so soon ns tho ball passed the bat, it wan on the wickets. Cumberland was well caught out by liruce at mid wicket, off Mace, and Rennio cent the hall into Marshall's hand, and thev, being on the rat-trap principle, it did not como ont again until required. The total of the Melbourne first in uicga amounted to GS only. It being si Ten o'clock, the stumps wc.rt drawn. On tho Tuosdny, however, the garaowas resumed, and the Melbourne men were put in again, for their second iiming*. Makin&on; and Wnrdill were the first two in, but the latter did not survive above two or three balls before Mace was on his wiolcot. Wray, who joiucd Makinson, wns run out when Iub scoro had only reached a (ingle. Costick wns vary well caught by Wills off the slows, a fine tbarp catch just off the ground botweon the wickets. Macdonald, Rennio, and Couway, were nil bowled, and only inade 14 between them Cumber land made a slashing innincs, and very rapidly scored 20\. He inndo Rome good steady drives, and a fow qnlet singles soon ran up hia total. Bryant came latu on to the ground, and only had time to score three before he found himself alone nt tho wioketB, wilh no one else to go in. Abbott and Fraser, who had been pressed into the service ff tlie M.C.C., scored 3 botween thorn, and both fill victims to tho destructive slows of Wills. The second innings of tho Melbourno only amounted to 54, which, with tho first inninffj, made 122. Therefore. they were beaten by J. Huddloston, off his own bat, with SO runs to spare niciiMfwn. Mace, b Costick ? 22 Uynn, 0 Ncwbcrry ? 5 Marshall, b Costick ? 19 Brace, run out... ? 0 Ilrodic, c Makinson ? IS Elliott, b Bryant ? 0 Jacomb, c Cumberland. . . . 30 Wills, not out ? 1 J. Huddleston, 0 Kcnnle. .143 Byes 42, 1 b II, w 8, n b3 64 llopklnBon, b.CoMick .... 8 — T. Huddleston, c Bryant., 4 Total ? '. ? 3U MEtnODBNE. First Innings. Second Innings. Dryant, b Elliott ? 5 notout ? .,... 3 Wudill, b Wills ? 8 bMace ? ...' 0 Jlacdonald, Bt llrodlo ? 4 b Wills ? .' ? 3 Wray, 1 b w, b lliice ? ..10 runout ? 1 Costlck-.o Hopkinson ? 20 c and b Wills ? a Cumberland, c liruce ? 1 b Wills ? 20 Ilcnnlc, 0 Marshall ? 0 bKMott .............. 0 Conway, st Marshall ? 0 bjlace ? 3 Frnacr, tt Marshall ? O b Wills ? 0 Pownlng, 0 Mace ? 0 MnkinBon, 0 Ityan .... 4 Kos8,notout ? 0 Abbott, b With ? 3 Bycse, Ibye38,widcs3 .. l« Byes 8, leg byes 3 .. 9 Total ? (8 Total ? 61 ANALYSIS OP TITS BOWLIUCI. IticrtJloND.— Bryant bowled 158 balld, 2 wide*, 51 runs, 5 maidens. 1 wicket : Conway, 03 balls, 61 runf, 2 maidens s Macdonald, 130 balls, S wldcs, 42 runs, 13 maidens, 2 no balls, 4 wickets: Costick, 13G balls. 55 run.t, 11 maidens, 3 wicket* 1 Wray, 12 balls, 17 runs; Mukinson, 28 balls, 1C runs, 1 wide, 1 no ball, 1 maiden. MELnounsK.— First Innlnes : Elliott bowled CO brtlln, 21 runs, 3 wide*, 4 mnldens, 1 wicket 1 Wills, 67 balls, 29 tuns, 4 maidens, c wickrtu j Maco, » balls, 2 rnnB. 1 maiden, 3 wicket*. Second Innlnc': Mace bowled 32 balls, 17 runs 3 mnldena, 2 wickets ; Wills, 61 balls, 21 runs. 3 maidens, 6 wickets; Elliott, 20 ball*, 6 runs, 1! maidens, 1 wicket. TWO EI/KVEffg OF FOOINCBAJ'. On Kbw Year'* Day, a woli-contcsted match was played between two elevens of the Kuotscray club, chosen by F. Humphrey and Luton. J,UTO?fS ELEVEN. Allendcr, b JoneB ? 10 Hennlnnham, b Nicholas . 0 Tynll.b Nicholas ? 45 Sohlld, bCleverdon ? 4 Swell, b Nlcholaa ? -i Connolly, b Nicholas ? 0 Luton, c Jones ? 0 Wanne, b Nicholas ? 0 itoiljrerB. b Nicholas ? 1 . Byes 3, leg byes 9, wide 1 13 Mitchell, 0 Hart ? 1 . — Brook, not out ? 11 Total ? 03 IIUMPnnEY'S ELEVEN. Clevcrdon, b Connolly .... 0 Humphrey, 0 Brook ? .1 T. l.owry, run out ? 3 SIrctt, not out ? 18 J. Lowty, b Tyrrell ? 11 Curty. b Connolly .; ? 0 Nlcliolu, 1 b iv ? 10 Curty, sen., b Tyrroll ? 0 Jones, b Connolly ?...,..,. 29 Byca 3, widen S ? 11 nart, b Connolly ? 0 ? Barton, c and b Tyrrell .. 2 Total ? 91 east mei,iio5ji;xk v. iixcixaioivn X'ClAI-K«ItlK^T. A match was played last Saturday botwoen theso clubs, which resulted in a very easy victory for tho former. Although n first eleven match was arranged, ntilbor side had nnything like its best team down, in consequence of thoJIclbourne v. Richmond match. 1I1CU.MOMD TRADESMEN. J. T. Snycrf, b Okcden .... 7 Hewitt, b Murphy ? a .1. Snyers, b Okcdcn ? 9 J. Saycrs, 0 and b Okcden. 0 Iledliiv, b Murphy ? 0 J. T. layers, b Okeden .... 0 Hewitt, b Murphy ? 0 West, not out ? n I'ontln, b Okciicn ? t' Byes 10, 1 b «, wide 1 ..2: White, b Okeden ? 0 _ Newman, 0 Fawcctt ? -- Total ? 41 EAST MELnOUDNE. Murphy, run out ? 6 Clarke, b Saycrs ? 9 JSorraBB, c and b Buyers ,. 15 Broad, lb w, b Hcdlcy .... 2 Klng.bSuytrs ? 10 Fawcett.b Hewitt ? 1 Okeden, b tSayurs ? 1 Byes 7, wldes 12 ? in Cooper, I b w, b Hedley . . 4 ? Hurst, not out ? 20 Total.... ? io« itcame, not out ? 8 ANALYSIS OP THE itOWllNO. Richmond TitA»F.sMKN.—Okcd-n bowled I wide, 50 bolls, 12 runs, 5 mulduue, 7 wlckcU ; Murphy bowled 29 balls, - runB, C maidens , 3 wickets. ' COXdMTTCWOtm r. YARUil l'An«A. A pleaBant match was played between these clubs, on New Year's Day, at Heidelberg, the Collingwood win ning by 15 runs. COLLINGWOOD. Eldrldgc, 1 b w, b Dennett 3 Wauch, 0 W. Edncy , . . . 0 Carlyle, c A. Kilney ? 2 Bcrrill, c Mundy ? la KWdls, c Mundy ? 1 lletherlneion, notout .... 10 Flnlay, flt W. lulney ? I Tcniploton, b Edney ? 3 Turner, bllcnden ? 4 B}C3 H, leg bye 1, wide 1 10 M'Horg.oHcId ? 11 _ ltoss, c W. Kduey ? 7 Total ? 67 VAIIUA YAItRA. M'Ewno, b Ross ? 2 Hawkins, 0 Hethcrlngton. 0 Hendcn, sen., b M'Hurg . . 0 Wall, leu before wicket. . . . 4 W. Kdncr, bM'Unrg ? 0 [lenden, jun., notout ... 3 llennett, I) Hobs ? 3 JIundy, b M'Harg ? 0 White, blto.« ? 1 Byese,wIdi8 3V ? .' 0 A. Kdney, c and b M-lhirg 0 _ itclil, run out ............. 1 Total ? 23 analysis or Tin: bowlixo. YAniiA Vahiia.— U'llurjr bowled 03 balls, 2 wldcs, 7 mold. me. 3 runs, 4 wickets ; Itoas co balls, l.wldc, 0 maidens, 10 ruiif, 9 wlc):d.s. aiTEEKSClLBS'll:' v. AlKEnT. This match wus piayea on tho- Uucensclifl ground, on l.«t Junuary, lblil.and was won by tho Queenscliff club in 0110 innings, with 58 runs to spare. ALIIEIIT. First Innings. Second Innings. W. Oaborne, cLuwrence .... 7 c FlBlier, b Turton .... 3 C. Grimn.b Lawrence ? I run out, b Lawreuce .. 0 K. NlchollJ, I) Lawreuoe.... 0 c Slicchan ? .4 T. Sclleck, cKlpjion ? 1 0 Turton, b Lawrence 1 N. Onboruo. b J.iiwrenco ,,.. 7 0 Kippon ? 6 T. ruiingi-lluy, oShceliin ... 2 at Kippon ? (j Lane, I U w. b Turton ? - ©Fisher, b Turton .... 5 Cakebread, st Idr.pnn ? 0 st Kippon ? 0 K. Hrocktiank, n i(l[i|ioii.... 1 notout ... ?- KlkiiiRtcn. 0 Lnwiencu ... I b Turton ? 0 Hnll.notout ? 1 oSheclnn ? 0 Byes 7, leg bye 1, wldes 0 14 Byes 3, 1 b 1 , wldcs 3 7 Total ? 38 Total.... ? 33 IjLEENSCLIl'l'. II. Ford, c Cakcbrrad ? 4 Williams, b Oaborne. ..... 4 J. Cottier, b Bf llcck ? 0 Sheshan, 0 N. Oiborue.. . . 1 J. Jami'flon, run ouc ? 8 Ilrockbank, notout ? 1 Fleher, 1) fitlleck ? 1 J. Hum, b Cakebread .... 0 itinpon, bOsbornu ? 40 Byes 10, 1 b 4, wides 13 .. DO Turton, c Lane ? 21 _ 'W. LawrenccoHruckl'iink P Total ? 128 ANALYSIS OP THE 110WMKO. Ar.nEnT.— Flrat Innings; Lawrence buwled 75 balls, 2 widen, 4 nisi'deiiF, 14 run*, a wickets; Kippon, IS balls, 3 wldes, 3 runs ; Turlon, 64 bulls, 1 wide, 3 maidens, 7 runs, 2 wlckctd. Kecuml innings ; Lawrence bowled 4- ball;, 'A wldea, 3 maidens, 11 runs, 0 wickets ; Turton, 40 balls, 1 maiden, 11 runp, 3 wfefctts. Queknsclivf. — Sollcok ' bowled 11 balls, 3 wldes, 1 maiden, 27 runs, 3 wickets; Oiborne, 00 balls, 11 wldes, 2 maidens, 47 run.4, 2 wickets; Cikebread, 9 balls, 0 runs, 3 wlcUctB ; Klcholld, 34 balls, 2 wldes, 12 runs, 1 wicket. East Mbuiohiink v. Royal Pabk.— The return matches between these two clubs will be played on the ground of the latter this day; gam* to commence at two p.m. eharp 