INCIDENTS IN THE LIFE OF A GOLD. DIGGER. {From tfi« WetW.y Empire.) TH°SB who roll io their carriages in luxurious ease aronn the Domain, «rho fare sumptuously erery day at club c café, or, clad ia purple and fine linen, kill time at ball, coe cert, or opera, know little, and care less, of the hardship undergone by many who, perhaps, reared in the lap c luxury, but thwarted by fortune, ore not too proud to dir. although to beg they are ashamed. I, like many others i this colony earning a precarious subsistence on the geld fields, hare seen better dara. The number of those wh< ara driven to encounter the trials, the reverses, and the toi inoident to the life of a gold-digger, bot who were previous), unaccustomed to bodily labour, ia much greater than l generally supposed, lt would be no exaggeration to sa; that some of the best blood of tho colony is to be found ol the gold-fields. Oxford, Cambridge, Eton, Harrow, ant I Rugby are all represented there. The ormr, the navy I medicine, and law-men of all stations and of all profes sions, there w.ing from Nature her hidden stores, fortuna on the diggings, is no respecter of persons. Those wh< have come from palace or from poor-home - the patricial or tbe pauper-enjoy equal ohiMU'es. She is a true déma- rrât, snd recognises no distinction of . uite, class, or creed, To mo she has been niggardly in the extreme. The revo- lution of her wheel which should elevate me to wealth bas never yet arrived. I complain not, but patiently await mj turn, hoping it may come ut last-that it moy yet be mj lot to And myself borne onward by that "tide which, taken I nt the flood, leads to fortune." What follows, however, re ' late» to a period when my tide of prosperity was at the lowest ebb, and ii a plain, unvarnished nur rat i re of troth. A DIOORR'S EXCOUSIOX UNDER DIFFICULTIES. Only those whose experience has led them to the gold 6elds, and to whom Durne Fortune has behaved as rudely ai she hos to me, can fully understand the difficulties of my position, when, about two years ago, after many mouths of incessant toil and privation on tbe Turon, I found myself literally without a rap. I had been working on from one month's end to another, without being able to Just see the colour of the precious metal, and for the last three months' work hod the munificent remuneration of as mach gold as brought me twelve shillings. Added to my own wants, which I had been obliged to supply from a small stock of the "ready" 1 had braut>ht with me, and which it grieved me sorely to ace daily diminishing, I had left those in »ydney, and who «ero dear to'me, who were.no drubt. anxiously watching the post for the long coveted registered letter ; alas ! how long looked for in vain. At length cir- cumstances compelled me to moke a start for Sydney, for I had neither money nor credit, and boil not vet'leamed the «rt of living on air, and start I did ¡ not by'the mail (for 1 had no money), and for the same reason no mode of con- veyance was open to me, brit the one for which 1 was indebted to the kindness of nature, shank's pony. 1 felt in my pocket for form's sake (certainly not with the expectation of finding any thing there), and brought out the whole of my worldly possessions in cash, whioh were represented by nea-ly the smullcstcoin in value, nsmely, a penny. This was u sorry amount to undertake a Journey of lsa'miles upon, but as there was no help for it, I determined to put as bold a face as possible upon the matter, and reach Sidney or htarve on the road. Having packed up all my portable propcrty.whichconsistedofa pair of blankets considerably the wore j for wear, and a spare shirt, 1 shouldered my swag, and bade farewell to the famous (but to me certainly un- profitable) Turon ,. I took with me a very decent American axe whioh a kind-hearted digger had made rae a present of, and this I carried with mo for a twofold reason ; tho first, I thought I should find it useful on tho road to cut bushes, and fix a shelter for my camp at nights; the second was that I might probab'.y be able to turn it into a shilling or two, nt soma roadside public-house, and thus provide myself with a meal. lt was evening when I left the Turon, (alono and without a friend along the whole line of road to Sydnov), and dark when I began to ascend the formidable range of Wyagdon. Having reached a crassy flat at the foot of the hill, and beinjr weuried and cold, notwithstanding my walk, (for it was tho depth of winter), I laid down supperless-for though I was within a mile or so of a public-house, I was not in possession of a sufficient stock of brass to present myself, and after demanding supper, bod, and breakfast, say that 1 would call and settle the next time I came that way. 10^owJpng^I stephi do not know, but I awoke in a fright, trooper, who had been t'ouliy marJereoTon theTtop'of this bill sometime before. Ifitnoiodl could'hoar, the jingling of his accoutrement). My first impression was to run away, but the > ecortd and far moro reasonable one (considering 1 wanted my blankets,) was to advance towards the intruder, when 1 saw him, to, my no little surprise, assume the form of a black and white working bullock in hobbles, who made off at my approach with considerably more noise than ghosts have, from time immemorial, been represented ns making. After laying myself down again anil finding I o:nld get no sleep on account of the cold, (for the frosts wore then very severe,) I rolled up mv swag again, and marched on.' The day began to break a lit-le before IreochMl Teri, and on arriving at that funny little hamlet, tho kitchen fire of many a housa was bok-hing forth its smoke, previous to the more savory vapour of breakfast ; yob who, amongst all the settlors, would give meamoulhfultoeatand drink, which I by this time needed sorely. I doubt not there were some kind hearted people who would bavo done so, had they known the condition of tho pockets of the poor footsore traveller, passing their doors ; but from me they never learned my wants. On crossing a brook at the outskirts nf the village, I had taken off my boots and socks, for the double purpose of keeping thom dry and treating my swollen feet to a bath, and was re-adj listing them on the opposite bank, when to my mortification, I recognized two men whom 1 had known on the Turon, and on coming up they wore not n little sur- prised to seo me, but mach more so to learn from my own lips something of my circumstances; when thor in the kindest manner not only gavo me ten shillings for the axe but requested me to follow them, and lcd the way to the publia house, where with truo generosity they paid the landlord for a breakfast, and requesting me to join them in a glass of grog, took their departnre. As wo had been obliged to rouse up the people at the inn to serve us, there were of coarse no fires lighted, and the prospect ot breakfast was distant enongh to one in roy cir- cumstances, but I managed to hear tho delay with fortitude, and though when tho fare was t nt upon the table it was so coarso that at any other timo I could net have touched it, I managed to make a hearty meal, for 1 well know how uncertain was the chance of my getting another and that I had not only to make up for back way bnt fortify myself as far as I cou'd against future starvation. I sat awhile after breakfast enjoying my pipe, and then shouldered my hundió and trudged onwards, arriving at Bathurst about noon, and hero I made a pnrchnse to the citent of a penny, (the whole of my possessions before selling the axe,) that purchase being a pipe, having the misfortune to break my old ono. I also treated myself to a glass of ale, but as I had partaken ol so good a breakfast and had to mako my ten shillings ga along way I could not indulge in n dinner. Letving Bathurst T arrivo.1 the same evening at a small hostelry about eight miles from it on the Sydney road, and Lora I paid two shillings for a meagre supper of fried bacon and very questionable beef. Tho landlady^ however, with a kindness which amply compensated for tbs miserable fare, consented to my spreading my blankets on the floor witb ont any charge, as my means certainly would not admit of tho luxury of a bed. John Chinaman on h's wav to Sydney was ray fellow traveller, but ho wai enabled lo do things on a gentlemanly soale, ordoring f.ripper, bsd, and breakfast with tho air of a man having money in his pocket and intending to pay for them. As for .myself I can ouly way I envied him. I had often had a, desire to try the Ophir diggings, and cortaiidy did not much relish having to face my friends after six months' absence, with totally empty pooko's, far, whatever they may say, it is hard to make others believe that misfortune alone has been the cause of a Bitnation such as mino ; and as I lay awake at night-the cold preventing my sleeping--I revolved in ray mind tho postibility of re- tracing roy steps through Bathurst to Ophir ; and when I hid risen, and taken my breakfastless depirture the following morning, I was in such a state of wavering that sir or seven times did I toke the road for Sydney, and as often turn hack again. At last the desire of making one more effort for wealth and independence prevailed, and,_oXter two or three honrs walking, I found myself again in Bathurst. I remained in the town only so long as sufficed to make enquiries of tho direction 1 was to take. I pushed vigorously on, that it, vigorously for a man who was, walking on an empty stomach. When I had got about a mile an tho road I was overtaken by a man with a cart, who gave me a ride for several miles, and at night I managed to make a little roadside inn about half way to tho diggings where thay gave me a very decent sapper, reducing my 'stock of money to six shillings. With, this mighty sam 1 arrived the next evening at tho once.famous, hut now scarcely mentioned, Ophir. ' I spent the previous night with ?ame teams at camp «boat a mile from the public-hous «here I had sapped. I was, of conree, entirely withont either tent or toola, and a« tbe reaJer lenoir», not overburdened with cash to pur chase EDT, bat was fortunate enough to come across a good natured digger, who invited me into his tent, and gare mi a good supper, and afterwards provided me with a shake* down ia front of the fire ; sad the next morning, having failed ia his charitable endeavours to provida me with i mate, lent me a pick and shovel, and I went to work, I worked a week without obtaining so much as a aped of gold, and my 6s. (on which I bad just managed to exist being expended, I began heartily to wish my evil genini had never persuaded me to torn back when I was so foi on the road, as I had now not a coin of any description ii my possession. I again started tor Sydney, and, having walked the whola of the first day without tasting food of any kind, I found myself for the third time approaching the (tome) inhos- pitable town of Bathurst, and I determined to moke a bold posh for a anpper. Seeing a yoting man with a good natnred-Iooking countenance standing at the door of a cottage adjoining a smithy, the qualms of pride were smothered by the mare powerful calis of natara, and I ad j von ced towards him to solicit a mouthful of food, and I was not refused. Entering the cottage at his invitation, I found an evident abondance of everything, although accompanied with that air of dirt and disquiet which too often pervades the Australian labourer's home. However, his better-bolf gave me a kind-hearted welcome, and with trna bush hospitality, set before me the best the boase afforded, nor did her kind- ness end here, for after a few minnies whispering between herself and her spouse, and to which the latter gave a ready assent, she put up for my use a large piece of beef and bread, together with some wax matched, and would have added tea and sugar to tho parcel, butas I was unfortunately without a quart pot, the some would of courso only have been a waste. Bidding my kind-hearted entertainers a grateful adieu, (and who by the bra offered me work at good remuneration, but I was of course unacquainted with and unfitted for the labour of a forge, and had to decline in spite of mine host's assurance that I should do well enongh in time,) I went on about seven or eight miles until I reached the publio-hoBse where I had stopped a week or ten days before in company with the Celestial, but I had to shun the hos- pitable roof this time altogether, and in thinking where I should camp, I remembered to have seen somewhere about this »pot an uninhabited house. Thinking the shelter of its dilapidated walls would be better than nothing 1 went on a litt'e in search of the same building. (To be continued.) 