LITERARY HISTORY OP THE BIBLE. J ON Thursday evening, the Bev. Â. H. Stephen, B.A., delivered a lecture on thia subject, at St. Michael's School-room, Hurry Hills, to a respectable and attentive audience. After prayer, in whioh the Bev. ii. S. King engaged, the reverend lecturer commenced ny observing that he bad already, ou four or Ave occasions, deliveied that lecture at other places, but be. through the entreaty of their pastor and other friends, oonsentsd to give it to them, end let them see the diagrams whioh be bad need in its illustration. The reverend gentleman then went on to show that the Bible, or tba Scriptures, contained o revelation-a drawing back of a veil-whioh made known to man what oould not bo discovered either by the 113ht of nature cr by reason. Holy men wrote that book as inspired by the Holy Ghost. Its date went hack to the time of Moses, who wrote the drat part of it some three thousand years after the creation, during whioh period .tho world remained without any written revelation!; all the information the patriarchs had of pre- ceding events was oral only, ¿nd therefore liable to be obscured. Tbs Egyptiens, who worshipped their kings, ond felt on'that account anxious to preserve the memory of their acts. Lad reoourse to hieroglyphics, or piature representations, which were made on tablets and slabs in the pyramids. Similar records were to be met with in the ruins of an old temple in Thebes, end other PBTIS of Egypt, lon», before the time bf Moses. (Diagrams explained chiefly from a work entitled " The Book and its Story,", to < which the reverend lecturer acknowledged his indebtedness for much of the matter he brought before them.) Many ages bad passed away, and the world remained ignorant of what thoBe repre- sentations meant. In 1770, a French officer discovered nt Ilcsetta a stone or slab of black marble, now in the British Museum, on' which were inscriptions at the bottom in Greek, in the middle in Coptic, and at the top in those hieroglyphics. Being able to read the Greek, be took some pains to make out the Coptic, and found that the same thing was recorded in both,and then, cen. eluding that those figures might also mean the same thing, he found, to bis delight, that they exaatly tallied. Bere was a key discovered by whioh ell the other in- scriptions might be read.. (Diagram exhibited.) The event recorded on that slab was ibo coronation ol Epiphonis, ot Memphis, B C. 100. Moses, be said, who waa learned in all the wisdom of the Egyptians, must have been sojiurn in Arabia, bo might have met with the written material, whence he compiled the B ok of Job, or the reoords of the first man. The Egyptians' also wroto on rolls; the rush-papyrus foana in any nf their tombs waa t;n yards long. He was of opinion, however, that the Pentateuch was written by Moses on goatskin*, prepared and fastened .together. Two copies ot the Pentateuch (not perfect) he saw in the library of Cambridge. Dr. Buchanan discovered, in the record-chest in the Syna gogne of the Black Jesus, in 1808, another copy, bm not perfect. There was another copy in the British Museam, written on 40 brown skins, in 153- columns, the writing in Hebrew, the form in which he thought the Word from Heaven was first written. The very roll written by the hand of Moses was supposed to*have perished at the destruction of Jerusalem, after having been in existence upwards of . eight centuries. The Samaritans also have the Pentateuch in Hebrew, and maintain, that.with them only is the pure Hebrew to be found. The books in Scripture were written by different persons. Samuel was thought to be the writer of Judges, Both, and commenced Samrei, whiob was completed probably by Gad or Nathan. Kings and Gbrooicles were compiled from tbe national records by Ezra. l>»vid wrote most of the Psalms. Solomon was the writer of Proverbs, Solomon's Song, and Ecclesiastes -the Prophets by the men whose names they bear. These men were usually men in humble stations of lite, and accustomed to indifferent fare. They wrote on rolls, and had their prophecies sealed up until the time to which the predictions referred. Isaiah, Jeremiah, and Ezekiel wrote on a roll. Tho roll was often affixed to a gate of the temple, where all might read it. With Slaltchi, the Bible af the Jews was completed-those books which are now called the Sacred Canon. Of these books many versions were made. There was the Chaldean, the Samaritans and tho Septuagint. The last wes so called from its being a translation from the Hebrew into Greek, made by seventy learned men, at Alexandria,, for tho use of the Jews residing there, .and speaking that language, duriug the reign of Ptolemy. This-version is highly prized by the learned up to the present time. There were many commentaries made on the Scriptures during those ages of antiquity, especially by the Tarquits. jewish commentators, who frequently tock great liberties with the text. The revelation of God with the New Testament was no longer confined to one people. As the Gospel was preached to different nations, various translations into the vernacular of those j countries were soon made; Before the middle of the , second century the New Testament was not only collected and bound in one volume (supposed to hove been by Sf. John) ; but was read in tte Christian Churches and valued highly by the early martyrs. In the second century a translation from tho Syriac in tho Latin .or vernacular of Italy-heneo its name, thu Vulgate-by St. Jerome. This was now the standarJ version of the Bomau Catholics. One of the most valuable manuscripts in the world was the Alexandrian in the Greek vertion-probably written in the fourth century, was nov in (be British museum. It was stereo, typed at an expense of £30,000. After noticing the Armenian and Abyssinian versions, the lecturer went on to soy, that during the snceoding ages copies were made end circulated by tbe monks, and even by the nune, whose writing and ctre in transcribing was remarkable for beauty ar d care. (Dhgrams of tbe fao.siti.il » of these versions and of transcribers at work, shown.) Coming neanr home he observed that the first transla- tion into the vernacular of England, was made in tho eighth century by the Venerable Bede, who, when his amanuensis had informed him as he completed the last verse of the Gospels. "It is finished." repeated the words "It is finished" and died in his chair. The Waldenses and Bohemians held tenaciously to the Scriptures, and in consequence, through the persecutions of the Popes, were obliged to seek an asylum in other lands, which Britain and Germany afforded. This circumstance, he said, tended to prepare the minds of the people among whom they dwelt for the reception of the translation subsequently made by Wick liffe in AD., 1378. It was singular that on the very spot at the Black Friars' Monastery, where Wickliffe was arraigned before Archbishop Courtenay, when he declared "The truth shall prevail," the Bible Society's House now stands. Forty-one years after Wickliffe's bones were disinterred, by order of the Council of Constance, burned, and his ashes thrown into the Swift, a brook which bore them to the Avon, then into the sea, thence to all lands, as if typical of the Bible Society's operations at tho present day. Wickliffe's Bible, in manuscript, spread very wide, notwithstanding all the burning of his fol- lowers, who were called Lollards, from their habit of mncb singing. It was a reourkable ciroumstanee that the first book ever printed was a Bible-in the year 1150. ' The monks had by that time become so illiterate that they regarded Hebrew as a new language, which produced < what they called all the "Heresies." Tindale's Bible was next noticed, and a diagram exhibited of the burn- ing of all tho copies of it that could be found in Eng- land, in 1000, by order of the Bishop of London, at i St. l'oui'd Cross, the very spot on which now stands the i depot ol the Bulfgious Treat Society. After a io view of Tindale's Bible, ihe Geneva Bible, Luther's Bible, and i the translations by Eraxmus, he oame to speak of the I English Bible. In 1001 a Boya) commission was issued appointing fifty-four cf the most learned men of Oxford 1 and Cambridge to make a translation of the whole Bible < into the . English as then spoken. In Itt 10 they oom- « pleted their translation, whioh was egaiu revised with 1 great care, and was reoeived by the nation as the i " authorised version." Having traced the li'erary his- tory of the Scriptures, the rev. lecturer concluded with u abort uimuout ul. ti» «potions of it.. Ri hi« Society, nations of tho earth. A vote of thanks was declined by, the rev. gentleman, who said the diagrams, of wbioh a very great number were exhibited, were more deserving of thanks than be. The leolure, ia our opinion, was so insttuottvu that it would, lose none of its interest were it dolivered again and again. 