. , CfftOYDON.-DEO. G. The GnÁjro MBTnorowrAX STEEPLKOITABE HANUIOAP ' ol' IO nova euch, li ft, mid 3 only if declared, with 100 ' added! tvirmem 71b extrat tho soeond to anvo his Mlake; ubottt turco mile» and. a htdfj 25 subs, 8 Cf whom declared. JU. T. O.ill.y*» Johnny, by Jolm O'Ommt, Byra, \0at 31b (In . clu.llnK7Ib extra)..NlBhthiirnle I . \V.nf« LoiiRmncc. 0 yr», "tl Vlb . ...lt. Siictrnnl 2 Coincron'i FearlcM, aired, lOst. .T. Oliver, Jun. .3 ll. llatriion'i Omar l'natio, aged, lint 41b.Halt 0 Mr. Francis's Tnmtilcr, aged, list .Mr. Wood I) Captain Cliilstle's Thc Hunt-. 4 yrs, lOst 1 llb.Vf. White ll Ul, Honrs Hazard, nitcil, Hist 2lb .»lullill|!er U Cloiutcrham's Thu Tauter, aced, lost 21b .Orillltlis 0 Myra's Topsy, li yrs, I Oat .J. Kendal) 0 Captain Coates's 'Thu Dodger,aged, lon 71b(lnc- lmlliip;71bextra) '" " Mr. Edward» * « Mr. I, IliU's Marmion, aged, Ost Kllb .G. Stcreni 0 j Holley's Nelly, aged, Ust lolb.;..Arthur 0 ? Betting : G to 1 each ngst Marmion and Johnny, 0 to I ngst Topsy, 7 to 1 (at first 5 to.1)'ngst Tumblor, 10 to 1 (ut first G to 1) ngst Tho Bane, 10 to 1 agst Fearless and Oniur Pacha, 12 to 1 ngst Hazard, and 20 to 1 ngst Dongrango. Tho start took place about a distance below tho Stand, on approaching which Nelly, took a decided lead, her immediate followers being Tattler, Hazard, and Omnr Pnehn, tho rear hoing brought up by Fearless, The Dane, mid Longrongo, and in this order thoy cleared Ilia hurdle leap and enter tho plough, on crossing which Mnvinioh and Johnny drow up to the lending horses, On.reaching.tho small ditch-jump in .the.bottom, Tho Dane, slipped on landing and fell; but Walter White was soon tip and nt work nguiu, although figuring nt tho ond of tho tail, ns t]io lot made thoir way for tho extremó tum-; ing ung to .tho right. Not n singlo chango worth re- cording had taken -placo as they again entered tho win- ning Hold, hut nt tho noxt fence Tho Tumblor literally illustrated his name, although, like tho Dano, ho was rc-, mounted, and went on in hopeless pursuit. Nolly again slumed tho Way past tho Stand, with the Tattler at hor Births,. closely followed over tho hurdles by Hazard, Johnny, and Omar Facha, Thc Dane, Fenrless, Topsy, and Tumblor comprising tho rear division. Save that Omai; Pacha became third, as at a slow paco they again boro away to the extreme turning-flag to tho right, no incident occurrod until reaching a blind grip aftor cross- ing tho stubble-field, where Hazard stumbled, and being immediately cannoned against, foll, rolled Mullinger in the mud. and then anlloned an riderless with the loadlncr horses, the foremost of -whom was tho Tattler ns the lot" wero again sighted along tho far side, his immediate at- tendants comprising Johnny, Omav "Pacha, Marmion, nnd Tho Dodger. On passing tho Stand for tho third time, Tho Tattler, having Johnny , for-his immediate attendant, was still in command, and, with Fearless third and Lonjrrango fourth, lcd tho way ont of tho win- ning field for the ploughed portion of tho journey; tho noxt two being tho Dodgcrnnd Marmion, whilst Tumbler and Nelly-long ago (denn " pumped out".-struggled on a long wny hehipd tho others, and. thus they again disap- peared. About this portion of tho contest Tho Tattler "gave up the ghost;" and as-for tho last time-tho horses reappeared on tho'far sido, Johnny was in posses- sion of a long load, the only others left in tho l-aco hoing Longrnnge (second) and Fearless (third), Marmion hav- ing joined tho fallon division nt tho lenp into, tho second piece. of plough ; whilst tho ohaptor of accidents was closed by .Tho Dane getting on ugly foll near tho farm house on ontoring tho winning- flold, "Walter White escaping with a cut on tho cheek. Long range made a game effort to overhaul Johnny, but the effort was unavailing, for tho lattor maintained his posi- tion to the end, winning easily by throe lengths ; Long range beating Fearless for second money by a length. At a very wide interval came Tho Dodger, Omar Pacha, and Topsy, walking in. 