THEATRICALS AND MUSIC. TCIIEAXItK BO1AI,. Tho lessccship of Mr. Brooke, and the managership of Mr. Coppin, came to an end on Saturday night, and although we hail with delight tbo opera season' which bus succeeded, wo cannot but regrot that the unfortu nn'e difference between tho ban, member fot tbo South western Province and Mr. Kyto should dtprivo our principal theatre of the services of a gentleman who is at once the best manager and tho best low comedian in tho colony. It is not the duty of a journalist to pro noiinco nny opinion upon the' private afiuirs of any section of the community; but he may bo permitted to express his regret that tho interests of the drama should have suffered through thn now celebrated Equity auit, Coppiu v. Kyto. Mr. Coppin, on his farewell appearance, played two characters, — Mr. Lovibond, in ' Tbo Overland Route,' and Mr. Peter Familias, in ' The Census.' Tho 0110 is well known to the play going public of Melbourne; the other wo referred to last week. Although but indifferently supported, Mr. Coppin's entrance upon tho stage was the signal for a roar of laughter, which continued with but short inter vals until the curtain fell, and his vis comica and humour inside tbo audience very indulgent to the short comings of the other members of the company. Be tween tho first and second pieces Mr. Coppin came bo fore the curtain and delivered the following address :— ' Ladies and (ientlemcn, — iu acknowledging this com pliment, I regret to announce that tho result of my pre sent performances will not benefit, to the extent that wo all desire, the two institutions I am attempting to estab lish. From the first moment I commenced this under taking I have been completoly crippled by a series of unfortunato circumstances. Two years ago, at the Olympic Theatre, a sovero domestic calamity not only deprived tho charities of profit, but imposed a serious loss upon the treasury. I then made an attempt at Cro morne Gardens, and upon this, ns most other important occn-ions it continued to rain. The first of mv present performances returned a small profit, which was swal lowed up last night by tho ruin. I last year retained from the large amount I gava to local charities tho sum of £95, which I look upon as a nest-egg, . In addition to this, Mr. G. V. Brooke, by hia dramatic readings, subscribed £.15 to the Dramatic College,. With the proiis of this evening, and whatever I may make during my intended visit through tho colony, I hope to hare the satisfaction of laying the founda tion atone for tbo erection of ono of the insti tutions noxt year. I cannot allow this opportunity '0 pass without acknowledging the many kind expres sions of sympathy I have received at the verdict given in my late action, which can only bo looked upon as an excellent illustration of tho glorious uncertainly of tho law, even in Equity. I can assure my friends that I am porfectly indillerent to tho result, beyond tho incon vonlenco of paying my lawyer's bill, which his Honour tho Chief Justice- tried to make as agreeable as possible by iuiposingcost upon my opponont with expressions of opinion anything but complimentary to that gentleman. ,lf I had gained the action, I should have puid ten thousa'tld pounds for this property, considered to be its full value. Having lest the action, I am merely relieved from a very dangerous and anxious speculation, and in wishing the manager that follows mo every success, I trust that his past experience will enable him to do full justice to the public, tho profession, and himself. The only Borrow that I feel is at tho un principlod manner in which Mr. G V. Brooko was deceived oat of this property. Mr. Brooke refused an affer of eight thousand pounds for the suko of taking Bix thousand pounds in consideration of his having the rieht to redeem tho property in two years, intenJing to visit Kngland, where n large amount of money will reward bin great talents, with which ho could repossess Kimsclfof the property. In fact, tho right of redemp tion was the great object he had in effecting the salo, which was agreed to in the prosenco of Messrs. Edwards and Fawcett. The sincerity of Mr. Kyto in giving this right of redemption caunot be better illustrated than by the fact that in three days afterwards bo sold tho propertv to myself, I make no comment. The public can judge for itself. The condition now imposed by Mr. Kyto in letting tho theatre, 'that I am In no way to bo connected with it,' is simply contemptiblo, and not at all to bo looked for from a gentleman 'whose only desire in tho world is to obtain the good opinion of his fellow citizens,' although it mi/jlitvery naturally be ex pected from the vindictive disposition of a plodding usurer. The practical result will be to close tho doors of this theatre against any novelty that I may cngtge from Kngland or elsewhere, to tho prejudice, and disappoint ment of tho theatrical public, Ladies and gentlomen, allow mo most, slncuroly to.thank you for tho tnmy acts of kindness Iiiave received at your hands. I trust this will not bo the last timo wo shall meet face ,to faco in tho causa of charitv, but' that many -opportunities may be given somowhere of forwarding Jtho interest* of tho two institutions wo are. anxious to; establish.. Hut it is no use dwelling iipon the past, let us turn to tho hopeful present... 'Lo manager ojt: mort, , viva I 'impresario.' Coppin has retired, but wo jhavo! still Lyster-exeunt Thalia and Melpomene, enter Euterpe and Terpsichore. The opera season commenced on Moil day with ' The Bohemian Girl,' with the same cast as when tho company luat appeared in Melbourne. Ihe In, ,„,!» ft.irlv Attended. But on I iieJday, the first of iho subscription nights, on which occasion his Exoel lencv tho Governor nnd Lady Barkly wero present, there was a bril'Lint and fashionable audience. Of tho man ner in which tho principal performers acquitted them selves, wo need only ay that thov were in excellent voice, and had quite recovered from tno elects of tho sea-voyage, which wore sometimes, though but xlightlv, apparent during their previous engagement. Tho mnnncrin which thoip.nr. wns pu, upon tbostnccli.in never h'cn equalled in Melbourne. Iho ohorus; in cluded nil tho t.lent nvnilnb'e, and ill? nuinnroiin super numeraries and cWhnrnto misc-e»-sccnc, show, d Hint t!,o director in determined thnt if tho dnHnir. rxperimeut of Trrtnniieiitly establishing opnra in Melbnurnodo nut. liroic »iiorcsslul, it will not bo from hiclc 'f spirit or libr-rnlltv. The l.allct of 'La Vivandiei'o,' in which MtuUino 'Strobinger, MmUmo Tliirise, »ndM. Schmidt appeared, wu tin afterpiece. O,i We 1 nc-d.y ' Miirllnm.' was ropotnl, but tho cren- cvont wnB the revival of ' I.ncrezia Horgla' on Tlilirsl«y night. Onr opinion of MftdnmO Kso-tt's mmmiilcent impersonation of tlie Diicbc-s inusr ho sa fr sh in tlie memory of vour' rc::drrs, thnt we shall only say that It Eemncd us 'if thn crowded hnuue p;»vc her nditi'jtial spirit ior never did wo iiew nor i» urauw ivii«mi.i-i;». The opera wn8 n.-nin pUycil !*st night, with tho ballot (.f ' Ln D- lire d' nn Peintre.' Manor nnd t-i|inor» Hrni'dii arrived frriu Adelaide on Sunday last, and have ent-rcd Into nn nrrnngmuriit with Mr. Lysler to join their f'rcn« with 'lis- w'e nro now promt ed I ?» Fuvnritn.' 'LiCetiornutoln. ' »nrl 'D-n Giiv.innl' This evening Sir Henry and Lndy iUrklv have sigoifi d iheiri.tentionof boinu p-e- ont at tlm fir t reprts illa tion this fomon of ' Li Somnambuk.' On Jl.inday the Biai c-iis niiko their ro-nppenianoi on t'.o hoar-Is of tbo ltoyn! in ' La Travia n ;'' nnd oil Friday ' II Trovntoro' will bo produo d with two prium donnas; Mntnmo l.uoy EscuU as Leonora and Madame Uianchi as Azucena. 3»nlSOESS'» THB*TIH!. If Keats had survived that article in the Quarterly, ho would most assuredly have been slaughtered by Mr. Broucb's now veroion'of '? Endyroion.' Tho triumph of burlesqno over the most cherished vUionn of our youth is now all but complete. The tales taught us in the nurs»ry, tho stories upon which wo fen in our school days wero long since laughed out of our recollections by Plancbo, A'Beckett, end tho farceurs who followed them. Brough and Byron are now subjecting the joys of our hobble do-boyhood (0 nsimilar processof annihila tion. Lovo and marriage bid fair to be soon things oftho past. 'The sex which onco was dear has grown ex lensivo.' Daphne has' to pursue Apollo, and Leda has icrself to undergo divers strango transformatijns in order to attract tho attention of Jupiter , It is, there fore, qnito in tho spirit of tho times that tho daring shepherd-king, for whose »ako the fair Selene committed a faux vns, is represented upon the stage oftho Princess's as dancing a break-down, and that Cynthia herself is dcgrar.crt from a goddess into a very indifferent punster. The story of ' Kndymion' is amongst tho most beauti ful legends of the Greek mythology, and it was with something liko a feclin? 6f. regret that wo went on Monday night to tho Piinccss's. Howorcr, tho bur lesque is so good, that wo forgive tho author tho sacri lege he has committed for the sake of tho wit with which his reading of tho poem abounds. Ho has in eluded a number of incidento which occurred at a very different epoch from thit of Diana's amour will Kndy mion; but the licence of a burlesque writer would, wo suppose, condone even groator violations of the histori cal, or rather tho mythological unities. In tho original, tbo hero Was a poet, sure a lover too, Who stood on Latinos top, what time there blew toft brccics from tl\o myrtle vale lieiow. And bicusht in fullness, poll mn. sweet, nnd Mow, A hymn from Diana's temple, while upswilling lilt Incenje roso to her own starry dwelling. Hut tho1 her race was clear as infant's eyes— Tho' she stood Binilir.fi o'er, the sacrifice— ' Tho poet wept at hi-r ra piteous fate ; Wept that fuch beauty should bedesolate-., So in flue wrath pome golden sonds he run. And gave meek ClinthUt her Biuymion.' What that worthy is in the burleequo our readers will best learn from tho following synonsis of tl'O incidents. Wo are first introduced to Diahn (MlsaRonuDnnn), who, surrounded by her nymphs, roams in maiden meditation, fancy free, in'the foreet of Gangaphira, with nothing to vex her savo rnnui and poachers, and with nothing to do but dance nnd sing after tho manner of theatrical goddesses and nymphs of the corps de ballet from timo immemorial. Arethuss. (Mrs. Ruy) appears upon the scene, and having been chatcd by Alpheus, a river god (Mr. .T.Dunn) implores tho assistance orthec/m«!« Diana Sheturnsloosoherdogs.andgoesinpursuitof tho intruder. Pan (Mr. Stewart) with bis attendant satyrs, next uppeari, and complains of the coyness of tho Dryadcs to Cupid (Miss Eail), who announces her intention of promptly putting a stop to so daring a rexistanco to his power. Wo aro next introduced to Acltcon (Mr. Faw cott) and Undymion (Mlsa Julia Matthews), tho former of whom has determined upon hunting in Diana's ta booed groves, while tho latter confesses that ho has lat terly got rather spooney about tbo moon, and: has bo coino a convert to spirit-rapping, a remark that leads to a spirited duet between thorn, in which Aclreon hints his suspicion of mediums in the following lines: — Exdvmiom: The medium flouts m air now. As borne on spirit winRS. Actxon : The room was dark, I'll swear now. Too dark to see the strings. Endvmion : Store loud the kuo king grow. Act.t.on : A stale old trlofc we know. Endyjiion : Hap. rap, rap, rap,— What but a ghost Could rap the tablds so. : Action : Rap, rap, rap, rap,— The Cocklano ghost . . Was fouud out years ngo. - Endymion retires, but Alpheus and Actreon aro cap tured by the nymphs, and are about, to bo led to durance vile, when Cupid comes upon tho sceno and shoots, not only Diana, but all her attendant!!. Love's poison takes effect very speedily; and tbo goddes9 bestows marks of her favour, first upon Pan, thon upon Actaion, and finally upon lindymion, who, when sleeping upon tho top of Latmos is visited by the goddess, who descends from tho moon; and after an interview, a la Kotrieo and Juliet, a mutual affection is do clared. She, however, rallies her lover that his passion is all moonshine, and that to credit Luna's to be luna-tic, and tho lady indulges in several flirtations with Actrcon, despite tho stag's head and branching antlers with which she has adorned him. Kndymion remains constant, and is eventually rowarded ror his lldelity by being taken up to Olympus. It is impossible to do justice to tho quips, and cranks, and wanton wiles with whicli% tha pleco abounds, nor to the wreathed smiles with which it was greeted. It abounds in jokes, tho good largely prepon derating. The proverbial beauty and grace of Diana found a fltting'exponent in Miss Dunn, but tbo weight of tho piece fell upon Miss Matthews. Wo have so fro quently pointed out tho faults in this young lady's act ing, that we feel all tho greater pleasure in compliment ing her very highly upon her Endymion. Her costume wns elegant and classical j her acting spirited without being vulgar; while hor swoot and pleasing voice did fall justico to tho songs scattered throughout the piece. Mr. Dunn played tho water god, Alphcus, ii la T. P. Cooko, with hornpipe, pigtail, and double shufllo ; and Mr. Stewart was a most mirth- provoking Pan. Miss Earl and Mrs. Ray made tho most of tbo small parts of Cupid and Arethusa; and tho nymphs wero the best drillod and best lookiug lot of young ladies wo have scon for somo timo. But the greatest bit In the pieco was the Actaion of Mr. Fawcett. In the earlier portion of the story ho has not very much to do, but when, towards the conclusion, ho appears in tha verisimili tudo of the hon Postmaster-General, and sings some doggrol in which tho present position of tho Ministry is very graphically depicted, tho applause was immense Tho make-up was artistic, nud tho likeness exact, but we do not approve of such modes of attacking a minister, nnd can but think that it exceeds tho bounds of good taste. If there were any oflico here, answering to that of the Lord Chamberlain, would a piece containing such a character bo licensed? ? Far the rest, tho scenery, all of which wos now, was oxtroinely boautlful, although Mr. Tannett would do well to introdnco a little moro variety into his forest views; thoy nro all very effective, but too much in tho same mould. The dramas of ' St. Mary's Eve' and ' Ruth'Oaklelgh' wero tho first pieces during tho week, and with tho excellent stock company, at tracted crowded houses, Mies Dunn takes her benefit on Wednesday noxt : the] pieces selected being ' Court ami Stage' and ' Endymion.' ' .' , PIIX1VOK OF WAIKS THEATItE. Tho equestrians and. gymnasts nt tno Hippodrome have been attracting file homes during tho week. To day, besides tho usual avaning performance-, they give n special 0110 in tho afternoon, for the couvenienco of families. PSIOVJCHCXAI*. Back Cheek.— Tho SiBters Royal and Mr. Morris, tho comic singer, gave an entertainment at the Royal on Saturday last, the attendance being tolerably satisfac tory, Uallaahat. — Theatrical matters havo been extremely dull during tho week. Mr. Hoskins nnd Miss Julia Hur land havo been playing a eix nights' engagement at tho Royal, during the lirst four of which Mr. Hoskins ap peared in some of his most popular characters; the favourito extravaganza of 'Tho Invisiblo Prince' ter minated the entertainments. Last evening Miss HarMud wib to have taken her benefit under tho patronugo of the Histrionic Club, on which occasion 'Much Ado about Nothing' was to have been presented, with Miss liar, land as Beatrice, and Mr. iloskins as Eettudicl, followed by tho musical afterpico of ' No, No, No,' with Miss Marlund as Maria, and Miss Fanny Young as Lady Doubt/ul The Wiseman family appeared at tho Charlie on Wednesday and Thursday evenings; while the Cri terion Concert Hull Invites' its patrons to an entertain ment given by a company self-called ' Tho SwedlBh Warblem,' which comprises Miss Gordon and Jlr, J. P. Hydca la its ranks. Besdioo.— At tho Royal, on Tuesday evening, tho Bendigo Shaksporian Society gavo a porfornianco in aid of tho Bondigo Hospital, tho bill of faro being tmdo tip of-'The HappVTUan,' ',Eu&,cno Aram,' and I 0 ir l'illicoddj1.'-, T-Iih' amateurs had the, advantage of tho professional services of Miss'Annlo Lockhart. Miss Roso IMoHin, and Mesdames Grovillo and Wooldridgo; wliilst. during tho porformancn of the drama tho Sand hufst Gleo Cfub lent a willing hand. Sir William and Lady Don havo been engaged for tho Lyceum, nud will appear as soon as possible. Castlemainh. — (From the Mail)- On Saturday evening lust tho Maisb Troupo played for tho hut timo, for tho benefit of Master G. W. Marsh, better known as ' Littlo George,' and tho honso was crammed In all parts. ''Tho Bottle Imp' was again brought out, and afforded as much amusement as over, and the never lo be forgotten 'Toodlcs' concluded tho entertainment. Wo havepo often and at such length borno testimony to tho talent of the troupo, that nny furthor compliment is wholly unnecessary, but wo mny sny that novor, sinco a theutro has been in existence in Castlemaino, hove pieces been produced in n stylo anything approaching to those under the late management, nnd the play-goers of Castlemninc hnve consistently recogni- sed Iho fact during 1ho Kvholo engagement. At tho conclusion Mr. Mnvsh enmo forward nnd thanked the public for tbo support tb^y hnd given him, ana intimnlcd that in tho courso of a fow months ho proposed paying Casllemninc another visit. Tho wholo companv went down to Melbourne on Sumlny in a largo coach chartered for tho occasion, and sail for Sydney tliik day. DcNOi.i/r.— Tho following -is from tbo correspondent of the Maryborough Advertiser :- -Tho sinters Rojal gavo a musical entertainment at Frayno's Theutro tho other evening, their songs and duets being well received by tbo nudimico. Jlr. 15. F. Morris suns sovernl good comic songs ; his local ono on the municipal election elicited much laughter. Air. Creed Royal, with bis usual taste and judgment, presided nt tho pianoforte. I'ho gross proceeds of tho Into performance by the Dnnolly Amntenr Dramatic Club amounted to £41 2s. (id., nnd tho expenses to £1-1 18.-) Gd., leaving a balance of £'2G 4-. to go to the Hospital. Gehlono — Tho Chronicle, of Wednesday, informs us that Mr. Barry took his benefit at the Royal last even ing, tho performances consisting of the third act of ' Hamlet,' in which tho bennHcniro appeared to grcnt advantage ns the 'melancholy prince,' nnd 'Jack Sheppard ' Tho drama wns excellently acted, nnd well put upon tho stngo. Botwi'on the pieces, Mr. S. Glover (a son of the. late Edmund Glover, many years known and highly respected as tho manager of tho Theatre Koyal, Glasgow) made his appenranco in a petlto drama, written expressly for him, entitled tho ' Orphan of Glencoe. \Vo are glad to learn that in consequence, of his unqualified sucobs in acting last evening, lie is en- gngod for a few nights to appear in a varied round of characters, and ns we number in Geelong a large propor tion of inhabitants 'from tho land 0' cakes, we doubt not tho eneagement will provo remunerative. Hamilton.— (From The Specta'or.~)— ' Tho good folks of Hamilton will, 011 Thursday, Friday, and Satur day next, bo entertained with no everyday treat, in tho sbapoof throe grand concerts, to bo given by Mudatna Carandini, assisted by Miss Chalker, Mr. Walter Slier win, and Mr. J. Small.' Isct.itwooii. — From tho Advertiser wo lenrn thnt ' On l-'ridny and Saturday evenings 'Jack Shcnpard' wns produacd, and notwithstanding the inclemency of tho weather, to good honses on both occasi ?nn. We had heard a good deal ahout Madame Durol's performance of tho character of Jack Shcppard, and wero prepared to find that tho praises bestowed on her hnd been ex cessive, but wo were agreeably disappointed, this being certainly her best character. She played it with a spirit nnd energy hnrdly to be expected from a female, and was reponiedly and deservedly applauded. Tho pieco was exceedingly well put on tho, stago, the scenery wna highly effective and did great credit to Mr. Holmes, indeed it was most successfully performed throughout; tho wholo of tho characters boing well tiu-tniueil. Amongst those most prominent we may notice Mr. Le Roy'a Blueakin, and Mr. E. Holloway's Jonathan Wild, Mr. Sbiela' Owen Wood, and Mr. Andrews' Abraham Mcndez On Monday ovening 'Oliver Twist' was to have been performed, but owing to the rain and tho dirty state of tho streets' tho management very wisely post poned it till the following evening.' IfonAnT Town.— (From the Mercury Juno 15.) — Tho performances last night at the Theatre Royal, under the patronage of the Volunteers, were attended bv a full and fashionable house, and tbo farce of ' To Oblige Benson' gavo Mr. F. Youngo a better opportunity of displaying his great powers as a comic netor than any piece previously plnyedl Tho compnny positively make their last appearance this evening, Mr. Black returning his entertainments at tho theatro on Monday. The pieces announced are ' Whito Bait at Greenwich' and 'Rnonev's Blunders;' in uddition to which Mrs F. Youngo willsing 'Barney O' Hay.' A gift, in the shapo of an electro- plated breakfast and. tea service, is to bo presented to tbo holder of tbo lucky ticket. Launckston. — (From the Examiner.)— Tho Thcalro Royal will be opoued next Monday ov*ning, hy Mr. and nnd Mrs Fred. Young', Miss JOeephino I'iddcB, nnd Mr. Dominick Murray, who perlormed here aBliort timo sinco with great success. Sydney. — Tho following is from last 8aturdav's Life .-— ' Since our last, erowda have literally ' Blormc'd ' tho 'little' theatre, and borne ample testimony to the unabated intorest with which tho performances are in vested. Tho 'Lady Patronesses' Night' was nn immonso success, tho house, being crowded from pit to dome, while numbers could not gain admittance; and tho Bame rush for places, although perhaps in a some what smaller degree, has beon observablo nightly throughout tho week. The illness of Sir William Doh has, however, wo regret to nay, prevented his appear ance for somo nights; and deprived many of tho pieces produced of a largo portion of their fun and humour We woro glad, however, to loarn yesterday that tho baronet was progressing rapidly towards re covery. Last evening ' Napoleon I,' and ' The Lady of Minister' wero played to a good house; and to-night tho former will bo ' repeated, with ' Black Eyed Susan ' as tho aftcrpicco. On Tuesday Mr. Wilton, Sir Wil liam's very cnergotlo agent, takes big benefit, when we hope his uniform courtesy will be roivitrdcd by an over flowing treasnry. Tho coming week Is to be devoted to benofits; those two old frituds of Sydney audiences, Rogers and Stephens, having three nights out of the six. Although it may bo considered that tho interests of these gifted comedians will clash, by their respective benefits being announced for alternato nights, in reality the r averse is the case; inasmuch as Iho dramatic sea son is now approaching its close, and no other opportu nities can be afforded to tbo friends of cither of thoto gentlemen to testify their appreciation of their Individual talent, Queknbi^nd. — (From tho Quardian Juno 8 ) — Burton's Circus, according to tho local papers, has been well at Ipsvich during tho races this week, except that ono night they were unable to play owing to tho stato of the weather. This ovening they play in North Brisbane, under tho patronago oftho Mayor, when no doubt somo hundreds will ho glad to . witness their clever and agreeable performance. On Monday night their enter tainment will bo under tho patronage oftho Volunteers, and this will be their last appearance in Brisbane, MI8OEI-Ii.lI-i;«HJS Ama.ti-.up. Pekfoumanok at St. Kilua —An amateur performance; in which tho Histrionic Society 'played tho leading business,' was given at tho Town-hall, St, Kilda, on Wednesday, for tho benefit of the Tamnaki ReliofFuhd. Tho ovent of tho evening was tho acting of Mr. Brewer, as Citizen Sangfroid, in ' Delicate Ground,' in which that gentleman more than sustained his previously high reputation as an amateur actor. Mr. Bruce made tho most of tho milk-sop, Alphonso; whilst Miss Green played Pauline -with much ease and good taste. Tho afterpiece was ' Tho Riflo nnd How to Use It,' supported by Messrs. A'Beckett, Brewer, Chomley, und Ryder. Tho hall was tolerably filled, tho audionco including Bir William Stawoll and alargo number of tbo loading inhabitants of the district. the ariiEAXiiicAi, ivonut at IIOJli:. (From tho Horn News.)— Concluded. Tho annual dinner of the Royal General Theatrical Fund was held on the 25th March at the Freemasons' T*vern, Mr. E. T. Smith in the chair, very indifferently supported. The great event of the evening was, as cus tomary, Mr. Buckstone's speech. In tho courso ot it much merriment was occasioned by his allusions to tho chair man's multifarious -speculations — hia numerous irons in tho fire:— 'What woro his qualifications,' said Mr. Buckstone,' for being in tho chair? Ho was not a dis tinguished novelist, nor a member of Parliament, nor a popular actor, nor a groat paintor, nor a sensation preacher. (Laughter.) Yet still he must possess some prominent qualities, or ho would not be thero. I have often heard him called (said Mr. Buckstono) an extraor dinary man. (Laughter.) Of courBo that is ono of his qualifications— (continued luugbter)— but I am moro disposed to admit that his chief recommendations are, that while he is a man of great energy, bo is also a man of great good nature and generosity ; while, to my know ledge, he has hnrdly ever been known to fail In any of the numerous enterpritps in which ho has embarked ; therefore as impressario of Her Majesty's Theatre— lessee and manager of Drury lauo Theatre— proprietor of tbo Alhambra — projector of hotels and luncheon bars innu merable, and purchaser of ovorything— (roars of laugh tor)— tho employer of hundreds of people, actors, singers, dancers, musicians, artists, pantomimists, acrobats, and nigger singers — (hoar) — aud consequently tho oncouragor of all trades, professions, and almost of overv description of literature, from thclibrolto of ' Tho Amuor Witch' — (laughtor)— nnd ' Uobln Hood,' to tho charming lyric of'OldL'obltidloy'— (roursof laughter)— hois woll quali fied to prcsido at this dinner, whuro I am suro his groit energy and indomitable poraevcranco will ho brought to bear upon your feelings and your pockets.' In replying to tbo toast of his health, Mr. Smith took occasion to an swer Mr. Buckstone's remarks ; said that from tho man ner in which his friend had talked of the number of iron» in tbo fire, ho should have taken him for nn old washer woman; and concludod by admitting that, howovor use ful and profitable tho English flat Iroha might bo to him (alluding, wo presume, to tho pstrons of his various un dertakings), tho Italian irons had rathor burnod bis fin gor«. ? ... ....... iiiissSwnnboroiigh, having recently married, has re tired from tho dramatic profession, und handed ovor tho reins oftho Strand Thoatro to a monibor of hor family. All doubts about M. Leotard's nvniinTiTr^ ^~^ I an end. He i, announced to appear nCre°' 'rB « I dens next month. m wemorne Qat. 1 Tho succcsa of tho ' Colleen Bawri' 1. I Theatre Is probably unexampled. Tho prof. ,o^8'plli I ceip s after deducting £G0 night!,- for e™n n°l '8 ro' I aged during tho run of tho pleco £150 n- ? ? ? 'vw- I was divided equally between' Mr ffi?» ?bid, I e.c-ault The, p,ece U to bo resumed at tho end of a ; '''? I when Mr. limircioault returns from hi. Z! mn% I Dublin, where his arrangement isTf a still ~BCmi-'nt '» I able kind. Ho is .hero under an engage ZmT ^' I profits after deducting £1G por nigTit imt ,1 llivi|lo I which is to bo thriwn ..pen at advanood i °t lln'!e I larger than the Adelphl.' In.dUuCto'XkL1'11'4 I gain-, Mr. Ilourcicaull is nlso drawinrr larm.1* t v''t I |TcS!'r pormi99ion t0 act lh0 »'^'S1?h.r!?i1|iu I Mr Bonholcmy, or tho theatro ot Nancy, has for. 1 timo been engaged, iu reforming the ent re sv» a' I stage arrangements. Ono of tho effects of hi, hn'Clnof I ment is that he can raise or lower his sfaoe , »» tfm- 1 movo it in various ways by machinery 11. ' °ni1 I tho height ot .boniilBht feet or feline ft in' 'it,U(- S directions without breaking its continuity Th,, 7' °M 1 dlvido.1 into rec^nglra, and each line 'inn™?.* i° '' 1 separately or conjointly with tho others Wit| T^ I of two or three men or a windlass, a hollow i Mi,'1 1 other effects may be produced. Tho wholo sL'-0' 1 -100 peoplo Bianding upon it may bo raised bVt'J I machinery, worked by seven men, several feet in n 9 I six minutes; nnd there is a plentiful provio, ''f'.!'' I which may be opened entirely or pafliallv, Zi tuS 1 round on heir own axis. It appears that tl B Ec 'U.r1*1 I al worked f.om nhovo hy means of balconies f5h'5 1 with rails and running carriages, somewhat a cm 1 I manner of scafi.ilding with traversing crab, Z ti f 1 iho scenes aro drawn up with n single fold so ih . 1 spneo only equal to half tho height of thesceLi ' I quired abovo it, U-eso bnlconies being nil comira.i.VJr & iron work, to prevent danger from fire, whll nZThJl 1 of the movcablo parts of iho machinery ore of Zl\ , 1 prevent noiso. Tho system is extended not onlv I tho stnge but also over tho scuno loft, so thnt e»eh Ti. I required may bo taken up in tho latter .'a Dte § down on tho former whenover it may bo required tu I inventor says that ho can effect as ninny us twentvfi™ 1 ploto changes in half nn hour, and ho expeet, &' 1 to bo nblo to produce marvellous results in spectacular I pieces. Trees and other accessories aro manoeuvred , W I screw machinery al their bases, so as to be nlilo to brin, I each pieco into its p'aco with great exactitude S I A new system of foot-lights has nlso heen tricrl «t I the opera in Paris; the object being to av.id a £ 1 from drosses catching fire, aud to get rid of the heat aM i unwholesomo gases so detrimental to the voice n I lights nro pluced I olow tho level of tho stage, ami cm 1 vided with reflectors, by which the light may be tb,o % I in any required diroctiou; Tho products ofcoinbustior. I nro carried off iu a small iron trough, from tho ends of E which tho vapour escapes. Tho consumption or m j, E groater by this system than by the present midci bat I tho oxtra exponso is compensated for by tho absence of 1 danger to tho performers, the preventi. n of tbo evolu. i tion of gases and smoke in tho fara of the naora »nd i tho romoval of the apparatus out of vlow ot theauaitore S 