MY HOLIDAY, fCOKTinuED.] Arirn they had had their laugh out, the subject was disposed ot by a mutual understanding that we were all 10 go candlcing that night. Vatrell then excused himsilf for leaving us, and returned to the baa, where, prior to our Brri\al,he had been engaged in prcpaiing with a chaff-cutter his horses' supply of fodder, which job he desired to complete. When he had left us lorn commenced, ' Vi'cH, we've got into good quarters again. Ain't I a good pilot !' 'Yes,' responded Nat, ' but you kept your pilot ing to yourself, and appeared quite as much astonished as any of us at the meeting.' 'Ha! ha! that was it,' said Tom. 'I wanted ta SAirpriBC you. However, this will do, eh, Charlie r' 'All but the candleing. And if I trust myself out on that shelf of rock in the dark, may——.'' I was about to commit myself by some terrible adjuration, w hen Tom added, ' And do you think I mean to go ? No, thank' ye ! Tom isn't so soft as that. But we must humour him you know.' ' Nat looked at us both with one of the most sar donic of his 6miles, and added, 'Well ! you are a pair of humbugs.' ? 'Because we won't make victims of ourselveB ?' I asked. ' No, but because you're deceiving Farrell ; Tom, I always knew you were & humbug, but 1 thought better of ye-u, Charlie.' The fire was getting too hot, so Tom like an able general fell back out of range, and then showed a new front by modifying his previous assertion, and ulti mately ended by declaring that if Farrell insisted upon going, of course he had never intended anything elee but to accompany him. No great time, however, elapsed before our host re turned, and then ss the shower had passed over and one or two straggling sunbeamB had made their way into Bight from between the masBes of cloud, he sug gested that as it was now low water we should go down and fish from a ledge of rock whence they were accustomed to try what luck the ocean sent them. We might get a snapper, or a groper, or a cod. I looked up to the rain-charged skies, and then turned my ear teaward where the surf was now 'thundering upon the beach, and with fear and trembling consented to make the tiial. Nat, Farrell, and I,— for Tom was too knowing to be deluded into this adventure— provided ourselves with a snapper line each, with a roasted fcUTftsh for bait, and took our way down to the Tocks, which formed a ledge, lying to the northward of the beach, above which the house was situated, and, con sequently, not the candleing ledge of which he had spoken. We laboured our road over the sandhills, on to the beach, almost stunned by the incessant roar ing of the breaking waves, and we had scarcely reached the rocks when a shower, heavier than any that had preceded it, came tearing in from the sea, accompanied with a violent squall of wind that sent the Bpray fljiiig over ue ss thickly as the rain that was poured down upon us from overhead, and we ut once ran, helter skelter, for the neatest refuge. Now it happened that on this unlucky shelf there was only one boulder of rock of size enough to offer shelter, and this was by no means of sufficient capacity to protect the three of us ; consequently, aB I was the last to reach it, I had to get in anywhere, the anywhere being the exueme veigc of the protecting medium, whereby one shoulder was exposed to the whole fury of the rainy torrent, whilst my head, which by an excru ciating corporeal contortion I had contrived to get just beneath a &mali; overhanging ledge, was subjected to a continuous douche from the dropB that were driven over rapidly by the wind, and which, with the contrariety usual with all inanimate things upon such occasions, would insiBt upon coming inwards further than they ought to have done, and dripping down my neck, running meanderingly down my back in a most cruelly unpleasant manner. In the meantime the tea, lathed up by the wind, was dashing furiously against the outer edge of the reef— roller after roller coming in, each heavier than the other, and sending the foamy water washing at times nearly to our feet. The tide was risine too, that was a fact I had ascer. tained, and I began to get nervously uneasy, as I pictured to myself our position, if the tide should rise and cut off our retreat. I put this case feeungly and in the most moving accents to Farrell, who was Bitting laughing and joking as unconcernedly as if in front of his own capa ciuuB fireplace ; and rather, I think, enjoying our dis comfiture. ' Oh, no fear,' he replied, 'if we 'can't get back onewav,we can the other; and if we can't get by the rocks, we shall have to face the hill.' Hooked at the lofty towering headland near me, some three hundred feet high, and marked it's sheer bluff ftont of stone, and I thought that I, at all events should have to face it along time before I surmounted it, whatever the others might do. I said as much to our host. ' Not at all,' he answered, ' there is a track up it, not quite af- level as George-street, but I have been along it dozens of times, when I have been nailed here by the tide.' This was not at all calculated to aliuy my perturba tions, so I once more attacked him upon the advisa bility of moving. ' There's no hurry,' said he, ' it's not more than half flood, so we'd better wait till the shower '& over. We may have a chance for a throw In presently.' At the end of another five minutes I could stand no more, the water wes now regularly and unmistakeably washing up to our very feet, and I anticipated nothing less than that some roller larecr than usual would coflie cud walk us off altogether. So briefly stating my MmpresbionB upon the subject, I declared my in. tentio1.^ Jo clear out. 'WiW1 he responded, looking out from his shelter, ? 1 uclieve you're right. It is time we made a move.' Oh, with what alacrity, now that the word was given, did I patter away over that wet and slimy ledge, taking the shortest and most direct course to the beacb, heedless of the pools of water, some of them knee deep — all of which, by the way, I had carefully avoided and gone round in coming — that I found in my path; and only too happy to find myself getting out of the reach of that roaring and treacherous element, which Beemed bursting with fury at our escape from its clutches. Slipping like a nereid, and shivering with cold, I reached the house, over the floor of which I left a broad trail of wet as I walked towards the fire. Tom regarded me with pitying ejes, and then recommended me to hang myself over one of the huge beams, that crossed the inner part of the chimney, to drain, offering as a token of his sincere friendship, to wring me out with his own hands. Disgusted with his haid-hearted jestings I folded my aims sternlv across my breast, determined like the htro in a Sadler's Wells melodrama ' to brave the worst.' Farrell, however, took compassion upon the misery that he had had bo great a hand in pioducing, and very considerately offered me a change cf altire. This I joyfully accepted, and after a few minutes, absence to remove the wet and to don the dry garments, I returned to the room in such guise as to elicit a spontaneous and general burst of laughter at my appearance. 1 have said that our host was a fine strapping fellow, by which I mean to indicate that he was tall and that he was stout withal ; and as I have previously described myself aB not being either tall or stout, it mav be readily imagined how ill his apparel sat upon me. The girth of the nether garments would have encomcaesed two such puny individuals as myself, notwithstanding the Punchi formity of abdomen that gives me an imposing air of burlyncss when in my own attire, and they con sequently hung bagging about me in anything but picturesque drapiug ; whilst, being too long by nearly half the lt&gth; of the leg, I had to turn them up in many folds at the bottom, and thus further add* to the singularity of their ap pearance. The coat was one common to bushrrtn and seamen, and known in ordinary parlance as ft 'monkey jacket.' This article is usually sup poEed to come down to the hips, but the one m question having been selected to match the trousers, reached nearly to my knees, whilst its circumference bring similar to thnt of the garment aforesaid, fitted rte in about the some proportion, or as Tom remarked ' ravthcr too much.' My heir, still saturated with the rain and brine, hung down after the fashion of ' long dips,' end as I had omitted to resume my cap wl'.ich wes undergoing the draining procesB from a iiuS oii ui.l c! ihe chimney jambs, the whole beauty of the eriuhtuiy arrangement was fully displayed, I let them have their laugh out, for I didn't care a pin about their meninient, as I was now dry, warm, tii-d croiifnrthblc, and as din r er—consisting of the huge diihtfi of fith I have bi-ibre referred to— was ready, 1 vti.s in admirable humour ior the meal , and none the wortc in appetite tor the ducking 1 had un dergone. I was standing at the fire, after n very respectable go in at the fish, and as I smoked the after-dinner pipe, which, next, after tho Afterbreak fast {.ino is the one that your true smoker most enj oys, when I contemplatively assumed the befor-s.ihe-liri-. attitude peculiar 10 the true bom Briton, This I need baldly say consists in turning the back to the bUste, ond opening the legB to an angle of fifteen degrees, and with the two hands making a posterior division of the coat flaps. Thus I stood, butied iu the delicious aroma of Leigh's priinest honeydow, when Tom approached, walked round me once or twice, regarding me the while with a most admiring B&ze;, 8tid at l«t said 'First ratu dicss# that for phooiiiig !' I couldn't eoncci\\- how. The things were alto gether too big. 'There's the beauty,' he answered. 'I didn't remark it till jou aesun,. d that attitude, but now I sec Ihe value of roomy t. ggery,' ' In what way i' I ubked. ' Look here, Nat !' and he brought my other com panion up to join in the inspection. 'Would any man with a pair of inexpressibles like these, ever want to 'carry a bog for his game i' nnd hereupon he seized hold of a -aat superfluity of cloth, that my tlevation of tkc coat had made distinctly visible behind. I resented Tom's remark ss a personal matter, but was greeted with such uproarious laughter that I was fain to smother my wrath, though at the same time I proruited mytelf to have ray change from master Tom en the very first opportunity. The weather still continued wet, heavy Bhowcrs pasting over in quick succession, and leaving but brief intervals of calm, during which the poor sun made feeble but abortive attempts to chow himself, never tuccecding further than occasionally to thrust a Ftreggling ray down between the edges of the clouds, livery preparation for the candlcing was however made, tliouch Farrell shook his head, and had his doubts whether or not the weather would be suitable, because if it rained at all hard it would be useless to make the attempt, since the torches wouldn't burn, On hearing this I forthwith invoked the Jupiter Pluvius, of the Austral hemisphere, that he might pour down ' cats and dogs,' — the hardest kind of rain that is supposed ever to be experienced— from now until to-motrow morning. Still, 1'arrell was determined to be ready, and so large quantities of stringy bark were brought in from a fched, where they had been stored, were dried before the fire, and were torn up into long shreds, ready to form a torch at a moment's .notice. I knew it was going to be, and to continue to be wet, and savagely told our host that it was no use to make these pte parations. ' Well, I don't know,' he said, in answer to my last appeal. 'We may get a chance to run down between two showers, or perhaps it may hold up with the turn of the tide. Let's see how it looks.' ' We all adjourned to the verandah, under which we ?nere sheltered from the rain falling from the tail- end of a cloud that had all but passed over. 'It has stopped new, you see,' he said. ' Yee, but look at that high headland to the south ward, on which the 1 ucceeding cloud has already commenced to discharge cargo.' I had him there. 'It's coming down there, isn't it?' he responded. ' It's strange how all the heaviest showers touch that hill fiiet as they come in from the sea.' '? I'erhops it's the highest,' I suggested. 'So it is; it's the highest piece of ground between Sydney and Newcastle, and when on its top you can tee Sydney Heads, and even Botany on one side and Bunptrce Norsh on the other.' ' What do y ou call it J' I asked. ' I don't know what name they eive it on the maps, but we here about call it Casey'sHill,' answered Farrell; 'that's the name I've known it by from a boy, and it was so called from a notorious bushranger named Casey, -nho used to make it his haunt.' ' Bather au out-of- the-way place,' I put iu. 'Not at all. There's always been plenty of settlers between here and Lane Cove, and he had the whole country open to him — along the Farramatta River on. one side, and the Hawkesbury ou the other. He used to come up here after his expeditions, and lay by a bit, because he could see all around him for miles, if any one was in pursuit of him.' ' I never recollect hearing of him. What became of him?' I asked, 'He was shot at last by a Hackfellow— Black Bowen as we used to call him— one of the finest darkies I ever met with, and I've seen a good many of 'em in my time,' he replied. We now all pressed him to give us the- particulars cf this ' death of the bushranger.' ' I'll tell you all I know about the matter, though it isn't much, and as it happened a long time ago, I forget a good deal about it. However, this Casey wes a pitiful, sneaking kind of bushranger, never venturing, like Opossum Jack, or Paddy Outran, or Jackey Juckey, to do business on a large scale, or amongBt those who could afford to lose the money he took, but confining his operations to huts and email farm, houses, never caring whether it was an un fortunate Government man that he robbed of his rations, or whether it was a poor devil of a settler, who didn't know which way to turn to make the two ends meet, that he cleared out. His robberies were chiefly at rations and clothing, sometimes a little money, or articles that could be converted into money. He had had a pretty good run, having been out nearly two years, when at last, in consequence of come ruffianly conduct on his part, the Government determined upon his apprehension. In those days there was very scant ceremony over a convict that took te the buBh, and where there was no good reward for delivering him up, the police have been suspected of shooting theit man where they found him, just to save trouble in escorting him afterwards. They were out after Casey for three weeks or a month, but deuce a bit could they find him. There he was perched on that hul, and their first appear ance sent him off to some of the many secure nnnks that are to be found hereabouts, in which a regiment of police would never ferret a man out. He was compelled to take this course, because every man in the district, Government men and all, on account of his plundering his own kind of people, was dead against him. Now, it happened that Bowen, who was a great favourite with the Governor, had been several times employed to track bushrangers, though it was a job that he didn't like, :.s his sympathies were rather with than against them, and on one occasion fcr something he had done this way, he had had a gun made a present to him. This he ever afterwards carried about with him as a trophy of prowess ; and it was a trophy, too, for few white men, let alone blacks, possessed a gun in dose days. Well, Bonen was very proud of this and took it with him every where. One day he waB out in the bush towards Luse Cove way, I don't know exactly where, bat at all eventf, he heard great cries and noise coining from a spot where he knew two Government men were stationed in a hut. The word ' murder ' being used most energetically, Bowen ran as hard as he could to the place, and soon came in eight of the two men who were desneratelv enenpeA in dpfpnriinir themselves against Casey, whilst he was attacking them with a large knife in one hand, and a pistol held by the berrel in the other. Bowen at once saw how the land lay, so coming up cautiously, though rapidly, he got within gunshot of Cagey, and sent the contents of his piece into the worthless carcase of the bushranger. The charge struck him in the back and lodged in his heart, and he never spoke again. It seemed that he had been blockaded in his hill for £0 long that his grub had run out and he had been obliged to come down for something to eat. Getting to the hut he was about to steal the poor men's bit of rations, when they came upon him before he had time to get away. A struggle ensued, and a tough one it was ton, as the question to be decided was, which of the parties should go without grub for the remainder of the week. CHsey was armed only with a pistol, and this he had dis charged without effect, and had then attacked them with the knife, wounding both so severely as to lay them up in hospital fcr some weeks afterwards.' 'Your Bowen, then, was a plucky dog,' said Tom. 'Hewss,' answered Farrell, 'and without ex ception one of the rummest devils I ever saw. He Vi as particularly fond of dress, but would never wear rr.ore. than one article at a time. Some times he would appear in a pair of old regimental trousers ; then these vi ouid be put aside and he would turn out in a waist coat, which, in its turn would have to give place to a coat or a hat. But his moBt favourite piece of finery was an old dress coat of mine, a regular swal low tail, that I had given him, and iii which he would turn out as proudly as any swell in the land, although he hadn't another stitch on him.1' ' It is cot often that you can get the blacks to wear clothes,' I observed. ' Well, Bowen took to this old coat of mine most amazing, putting it on upon all grand occasions of ceremony. Ha! ha! ha ! I shall never forget his coming to aie one day with it on, to give me information of a br-t-'n nntt he had discovered. Ue was in full fig with the dress cnut, his liiiir knotted up behind, and three feathers stuck in it. He took me to the tree, and my noble Bowen at once pioceedcd to mount in the usual way, by culling hinitelf lootholes in the trunk, and hoisting him «li up with his tomahawk. Arrived at the limb at which vi bb the nest, Bowen proceeded to chop, to make an opening by which to take out the honey. With the first jar of the mroko of his tomahawk, out fl« a liobt of btcs, who. circling round, soon discoverod thiir peisecutor. They lodged ubout his body in all directions, but as they djn't sting until they are thtmcclves attacked, Bowen would hnye got off soot free, if it hadn't been for the drets coat. This was buttoned in ftont, and cf course, with every movement of his urm in chopping, the inner surface of the coat rubbed against hiB body. Now, some of the bees, in the course of their explorations over his person, got between his skin end the coat, and feeling the friction, fancied thtmsi-lveB aggrieved, ? and at once took revenge by driving their stings into the offending surface, coat or flesh, whichever happened to be nearest. 'Ha!' 'oh!' 'ha!' would poor Bowen cry out, as he felt the prick-up now on one side, now on the other, at the same time bending his body to take off the pressure from the side stung, and thereby causiag a friction, and a con sequent sting on the other side. At last it got so warm that Bowen was coming down, when I, who up to that time had been unable to speak for laughing, told him the cause of his suffering, and directed him to take off the coat. It was with extreme reluctance that he did so ; but once relieved of the swallow-tail all went well, and we got the honey.' 'I have alwayB understood that a black would never attempt to ascend a tree with any article of clothing on,' remarked Nat. 'No more they -will generally,' responded Fan ell ; *' but Bow en was very proud of his coat.' ' And what became of him, after all ?' I asked. 'Poor Bowen!' he replied, his usually joyous tones sinking to a melancholy cadence, 'he was shot, whilst Bitting at his camp fire, by a cowardly skulking lot of bushrangers, who hadn't the manhood to come up and meet him face to face, for Bowen was game to the back bone, and has stood to me in many a pinch both on land and water.' 'Don't you know who killed him?' I again en quired. 'No. ThcnewBwaB brought me by some blacks who found his dead body by the side of the fire, and who, from the tracks around, knew that four armed whites Jmd been there. It was perhaps lucky both (or me and for the man who did the deed that I didn't know him, for I looked upon Bowen almost as a brother, and I would have followed his murderer to «thiB duy, but I would have had blood for blood.' Theie was a pause in the conversation after the enuneialion of this terrible sentiment. I was staggered, as I had never anticipated so great & display of decision from our laughing, good-humoured host. He re mained moody and thoughtful after this unexpected burst, but only for a brief peried, for his temperament was too mirthful to allow sorrow to have the upper hand for any length of time. Suddenly breaking out into his usual joyous laughter, he exclaimed, ' W*U, vou've had me at a pretty game. A rare string you've got me into. I didn't think that I was so green aB to be run into such a show off as I have made. But come ; here is a fine warm gleam of sun shine ; let us go down to the rocks, and get together the firewood for our candleing.' Here was a change, from the romantic to the abso lutely practical, that I did not at all agree with, so I excused myself on the ground ot my previous wet ting, whilst Tom excused himself on no ground at all, simply declaring that ' he'd be hanged if he'd go and get wet for anybody.' So Nat, Farrell, and two men went to procure the requisite firewood, whilst Tom and I took a quiet saunter down to the pad dock, bb one always does in the country, to have a look how the crops are coming on, or the work is progressing. There was not much to be seen, except the evidences of the late rains, which, having washed a large portion of the coil from the higher parts of the cultivation bad deposited its sandy particles at the spot where the fall of the water had been broken by the fence, so that in the hollow near the creek the depositreached nearly to the second rail of the fence. We walked round the barley, and through the sorghum, and over a portion that had been cut and left in the ground in order to try the experiment of the second year's growth. Here the stems, cut down to within about eight inches of the earth, were al ready Bending up three, four, or more shoocs, according to the strength of the root. We walked round to the head of the ploughed lands, and across the young barley on to the fallow land, which had evidently been allowed to lie idle for some years past. Here was a recurrence of the circumstance that had evervwhere puzzled me ever since I left Manly Beach. Why wasn't this land cultivated ? Here was a fine active enterprising man, only too anxious to push about and do anything, and yet he allowed two-thirds of his property to he idle. I would speak to him and bave an elucidation ; I could not return to Sydney with this incubus on my mind, — I must know why this land was not tilled. Whihit allowing my mind to run away over the tstgled mass of thought that confused it, and of which I could make nothing, I was not the liveliest possible companion for Tom, whoBe jokes were com pletely thrown away upon me, for even when he challenged my approval, by his question, 'Not bad that, Charlie f ' of some pun or equivoque, more bar barous than its predecessors, I had to demand a repe tition of it, together with an explanatien and answers to collateral questions arising thereout, all of which, in Tom's opinion, tended to take the pungent edge offhis puns, so gradually he turned sulky, and finally decided upon returning to the house. I waB nothing loth, and homeward* we bent our way, meeting Farrell and the rest at the door, just as they returned from the opposite direction. 'Now then,' said he, 'we're all ready for the night.' I answered nothing. I was afraid to trust my tongue to speak. ' Such a jolly pile of wood!' he continued. 'But whtre have you been?' ' Just looking round your cultivation !' I replied, glad of a chance to turn the conversation. 'But that reminds me that I wanted to ask you, how it is that you cultivate so little of your grouud i' 'There are a good many reasons for that ; but what do you atk for f Are you a free selector r' Had a bombshell fallen at my feet, hissing and fiz zing and ready to explode, I could not have been more thrown off my usual aplomb than I was by ibis question. Here was I, in a new and unexplored1 - country, the nativeB of which I had fondly imagined to be living in a primitive state of barbarism, and innocency, tnd where no such words as Electoral Reform, Elective Upper House, Land Bill, and Free Selection were known, and yet I had had hurled at me the cruel worde, the bitter words, the maddening woids— that tad been dinned into my ears in every tone of which the human voice is capable during three cessions of Parliament, during two general . elections, fend four recesses, and at public meetings innumerable. Here amidst primeval gums, and abo riginal lorests that hated free selection, had like some unquiet ghost come stalking before me, determined to haunt me, though I here most solemnly aver that neither I nor any of my brother reporters had any thing to do with its murder; on the contrary it was we who nursed and cherished, and made much of it very much more than it deserved, ungrateful that it was ; mid we have, therefore, nothing to answer for is regard to it. Here it turned up egaia then iti the wilds ul Barruiiiuee, when I lied thought it quietly laid bv until September next. However I had raised the monetpr, and I felt that I was doomed to be its victim, eo resigned to my fate I doggedly }r- pored for the contest, whilst Tom and Nat, vhen the:) saw things assuming so serious an ui-pcct, withdrew without a word, (To be continued.) Passing False Coin. — Some three weeks ago a .tuvAM girl, who had been making some purchases in the town, and had in doing no received two sove reigns mid about twenty shillings in silver, which she was raiiyiiig together' in her pocket, called in the tvei.ing ul Biddy Copper's fruit stall. Whilst tin-re tvtei DKriJcume to the stall, and one of them asked for a shilling's worth of oranges, ofieredfwhat appeared to be a sovereign, and seemed to be in'a bustle about getting the change. Biddy had not the change, and her other customer volunteering to supply the defi ciency, gave 20b., and received the supposed sovereign in teiuin. She put it in her pocket without ob serving it particularly. There it lay until last Satur day, when she offered it in payment for some articles bought at Mr. Lee's, end then she ascertained that it was a counterfeit. It was, in fact, a gilt coin, of light weight, bearing her Majesty's bun on the obverse and the figure of a woman on the reverse, with the words ' Keep your temper.' Tbe men who called at the fruit-stall resembled in appearance two men who were charged shortly afterwards with picking pockets, the charge biing proved HBthisi one of them.— Maitland Mercury. Pr.ovoiiiK(j.— Wherever we go m notice that the plough has IlilEyiw bteniiiure tliun usiully Inisy, and that much new proin.d Iiob lict-u turned up preparatory to cropping. Near the mill cit Jrmbuii umtienr every nvaihble nereis under tillage, and tjwe will evident]) be more wheat grown in thu district for the time to conic ttion bits ever been llie cape before. This ia a sign 1) ut Hit district if; liro(jvewinB, and w have no doubt that the growers will be rewarded for their outlay. — ilraidwood Dispatpfi. 