SELECT. THE BETRAYED. ' She sat alone, on a cold grey stone, Where the river made a desolate moan. The sycamore trees stood white and bare, Like sheeted ghosts in the dusky air. A black cloud floated along the sky, And a night-bird utter'd a dismal cry. I Sadly she thought of the innocent time, I Wildly she wept for her shame and ciime. 1 ' Daiker and darker the shadows grow ; ?f He promised to meet her an hour ago. H She sat alone, on the cold grey stone, a And the river flowed with a sadder moan. 1 I She heard the hum af the distant town, h The patter of dead leaves falling down. '& She heard the tread in the long dank grass, I But never his tread — alas, alas ! f The morning came with its golden light, $-? To the sycamore trees so bare and white. ^ The mists that slept on the river's btim ^ Went up like the wings of the cherubim. |, The water-lilies, so cold and fair, t» Were tangled with tresses of bright brown hair. iS i&! The osiers bent with a quiet grace i Over a form with a still white face. || The river flow'd with a desolate moan, P And dead leaves fell on the cold grey stone. f|— -From' Once a- Week.' ; ^ An inquest was held at tbe Clarence and ^Richmond Hotel, Kent-etreet, on Tuesday, on the Y body of a child named Margaret Saundere, aged ^'nineteen months, who died from the. effects of eat -?' ing some ends of matches. The child had been failing several days prior to it9. death, but' as it was ^cutting its teeth, the illness was thought to be on?y ^temporary ; the Fufferer continued, however, to ' ' get worse, and eipired from exhaustion on Monday. ' Jt was then discovered that the cause of death was phosphorus from some ends of matches, which the child had been seen to eat some days previous to its death. Dr. Houston was examined at the in. quest, and stated that phosphorus was a very I strong poison, but that it usually laid in the [ stomach a considerable time befcra its effects ap , peared. A verdict of ' died from exhaustion, conse : quent upon eating some enda of matches,' was xeturned. The Hon. George Waldegraye, who is about to marry the Countess of Rothes, is ths son of 1 the late not present earl, who is a minor, and brother of the late Viscount Chewton, who died from wounds 1 received at the Alma. | ' The' Court Journal states that Mr. Sydney ^Herbert is to be created a peer. I 