To the Editor of the Chronicle. Sir, — The leader in your issue of last week your readers may well be proud of, unpalatable though its pithy question and Christian spirit will be to our rulers. I have watched with an anxious eye the effects of the cold-blooded con duct pursued, with the knowledge of the Go vernment, towards the natives around Port Denison, and been surprised that inexorable retribution has not commenced sooner. The sickening tales which have been paraded in that sickening newspaper the Guardian, under the important announcement 'From our own Cor respondent,' of the way in which the poor blacks have been hunted, fired at, and shot down for no other reason assigned "than that they appeared in the neighbourhood, must have sunk deep into the hearts of all the colonists, who are unfashionable enough to have any heart for the poor savage. I remember, well standing on the deck of the Clarence when a Brisbane paper was handed on board, containing about the first account from the new settlement. It consisted mainly of a description of the precau tions taken against attacks from the blacks, of the ceases which had been given to those who had wandered into the neighbourhood, and of the supposed effects of the bullets which were fired at the fugitives. All this was paraded forth as though it were glorious news, albeit there was not one word said to indicate that the blacks had evinced the least intention of going near to, much less molesting, the Guardian's heroes. I remember well the effect also upon the different readers of the paper upon that occasion. "What on earth did they shoot at the blacks for?" said one. 'Will the Govern ment stand this?' said another. "Why, don't you, see," said a third, "that the Government are trumpeting it forth to the world?" and "What retaliation there will be for all this !" says a fourth. "Bathed in blood," we may well fear our authorities soon will be, as assuredly baptised in innocent blood have they caused that young settlement to become. Blacks must be shot to prove the necessity for keeping up their destroyers; blacks must he provoked to justify a particle of that 'Black Committee' report. The murder of "Mr. W. Giles' educated and Christian boy" is a sad event, no doubt; and if Mr. Murray plays his cards well— that is, writes the Government such a dispatch about it as will serve their purpose — he may yet survive the cowardly attempt made to offer him up as a scape-goat for the sins of the whole force. Let him prove, for instance, that the blacks who have murdered this "Christian" boy are those who escaped from Mr. Morrisett at Mortimer's, there will be evidence enough at once to show that all those blacks then ought to have been killed— a fact which seems to have quite escaped the observation of that precious committee. Let him dwell upon the cold blooded way in which the boy was murdered, — show, that instead of hacking his body about and leaving it to fester above ground, polluting, perhaps, some of the Messrs. Mortimer's water holes, at least they might have buried their dead ;—and let him be particularly careful in proving, like other officers (vide evidence), that his men do not actually single out the women and children for slaughter. Persevere, Sir, in the manly course you have pursued on this question. Suffer not your journal to be stained by sentiments which are worthy only of the coward and murderer, nor sanction nets of our rulers and their hirelings which will cause Sir George Bowen's govern ment to be pointed at hereafter by a title which I now forbear to write. The colonists generally are little aware of the style of examination which that notorious Native Police Committee used. Consign some of its members to eternal infamy by now and then bringing to light in your columns extracts from it. Comments need not accompany them — they will speak for them selves, and awaken the country to some idea of what an Englishman's impartiality is like when, as a senator, he responds to the wish of this Government upon a 'pet subject' committee. I am, THE GHOST OF SNATCH'EM. 