! "BELLING THE OAT." I*1 1 It is needless to inform the public that our 1 life, whon engaged in their service, is to onr 1 solves valueless. Our patriotic attention to 1 their interests would long ero this have met ' with an untimely end, had it not been for 1 the vigilant guardianship of our esteemed 1 friend and admirer Bi,akeney. Ho, and our ? amiable worshipper Ferrett, whose shadow . wo sincerely trust may never suffer diminu . tion, have very recently been the means of ' ferretting out one of those numerous dia ' bolicnl conspiracies which are formed against > the best of men by their most intimate 1 friends. We forgive any attempt which 1 Herbert may have made to subsidise our i devilB to suppress those kindly castigations 1 which from time to time we have boon called upon in a friendly spirit to administer to tho ministry. Wo can oven excuse Mackenzie for his ingratitude towards us after screening his frailties in compound addition from the public cyo. But wo certainly did expect , better things from our briefless friond of the f Bathurst circuit, whoso sense of equity, at f loast, wo thought was keon, however defi i cient might be his knowledge of law. It seems that Hemieut, after having offered us ( the Troasuryship, the Attorney- Generalship, , a Chief Justiceship, and some other sinecures, \ with no effect, determined upon " belling the \ cat," or, in other words, putting an end to ; that influence, upon which our much valued [ acquaintance Blakeney is continually con ! gratulating us. The latter individual carne . to our office the other evening in a state of great trepidation, and informed us that wo [ were about to be annihilated. He had dis i covered a conspiracy, unequalled for i atrocity by any recorded in history, not omit i -ting those of Cattiltne, Guy Fawkes, Titus . Oates, Cato- strcet, and tho Judicial Com , înitteo of last session. Having deliberately [ lighted ono of those delightful Havan nabs , recently transmitted to us by the Duke of ; Newcastle, together with his despatch on [ the Judicial Bill, wc proceeded to calmly in f dicato to our Hibernian admirer that a pota , tion of some of Martell's superior quality, at i that moment on our office table, might soothe f his excited feelings. Having taken our ; advice, and practically acted upon it, ho '. appeared much more composed, and the fol . lowing is a result of an interview with him [ extending over some hours. Of course he j began "from information I received," but wo . at once cut him short by exclaiming "Es [ teemed admiror, drop the defectivo style, and . hoavo-a-hcad." a It appears that on Tuesday last a meeting . was hold in tlio Refreshment Room to talco into consideration tho licentiousness of tho j Courier, and to deviso moans for tho nnnihi t lation of our humble selves. _ Watts was I unanimously voted into tho chair, into which ! ho was installed by Ferrett, who swore bim . upon an immonso volume of May, remarking at the samo timo that the inhabitants of \ ' Brisbano wero fortunato in possessing so t erudite an authority for their Clerk of Petty t Sessions. [ Tho Chairman commoncctl tho business by remarking that, no doubt they wero all ac- quainted with an amusing and satirical pro- duction entitled " Watts on tho Mind"? Ho J could toll thom what was on his mindi (Laughter from Mackenzie). Ile was happy J to find that his metaphysical friond saw tho D joke, ns ho did not believe that a man who made a pun, of necessity would pick a pocket. (Hear, hear, from Richards.) What was on " his mind ? That which was in his brooches pockot. (Chcors from all parts of tho House.) Ho meant a publication called tho Moreton \ Bay Courier which ho would now produce With tho permission of tho meeting, ho Ï would road an article from it, which no doubt thoy had all read, but which they all ; might with edification read again and again. s. (Loud and prolonged cheering from Blakc- ney.) Ho would read it at once. (Tho lion. r gentleman hero read a loader from tho ' Courier, amidst loud applauso.) Ho would a like to read moro from that valuable publi- cation, but no doubt every member who a wished to servo his country read it through , on each morning of its appearance. (Crios , ol'"Wo do!" and grout enthusiasm.) Now ; ho thought, with pain, that such fascinating Í articles as that which ho had road, con- trasted with the speeches of his bon. friend J tim Attorney-General and Colonial Treasurer, J must exorcise a dangerous inflticiico. The i 3 question was, then, how to put a stop to this i . iiilluonco. Cloarly, tim only way was to i 3 punish tho author of such articles. Ho ' ? found that _ in ono of the Olympiad«, he forgot which, a niau called Socrates was ( 1 put to death by poison for propn- ' gating unsound opinions. That wouldn't bo i f a bad way of cooking an editor. (Hoar, hoar, I ' from Warry.) Undor tim Roman emperor» I this class ol' malefactors, who sprond evil doe- j ! trinos, had boen torn limb from limb, and ox- 1 ' tinguished by a variotyof similar mild pro- I ' cesses. Comingdowntoalaterora.hefoundthe t extraction of teoth one by ono to be a favorito t . method of compelling gentlemen of tho Ho- 1 t brow persuasion to stump up, and if his bon. I ' friend Mr. Jordan had still hold a scat in that n i Houbo, ho might havo been inclined to adopt (. , that niothod. In tho reign of Charles' tho j ' First, bo learnt from that' erudito and black . luttor volume calluel " Pinnock's Catechism," t i that a favorite method of treating editors and ii ' . writers was depriving tiwi» °f their hoads tu ji o cars, and putting their malevolent carcasse s in the pillory. (Loud cheers.) There were variety of other modes whick ho would ne \- now stop to indicate, by wliiel/ the nuisanc r of which he complained might bo ^ put \- stop to. As, however, on tliis occasion li if was inclined to ho merciful, ho would simpl ii move that the editor he at once brought t \- the bar of tho House, and having been sin. d plied with unlimited refreshment, ho I further dealt with as best might seem fit. r Mr. Feurett's emotions were too great fe ''< speech, so he simply indicated, by a gracefi J inclination of the head, that he concurre i- with all said by the previous speaker. o The Attorney-General would not tak r part in the proceedings wore it not that h: ¡- lesral character was at stake. (Loud chcei y from all parts of the room.) He was awai i- that he differed from Blackstone, Broughan >f Bethell, Lewis, and he might add Stephei d Lord Campbell, the Duke of Newcastle, an S some others of ephemeral reputation on man points of law ; but posterity would judge wh c was right and who was wrong. (Hear, hea from tlio Colonial Secretary.) His rcputatio b was not only at stake in Queensland but als o in Now Sotith Wales. At the earnest solic 11 tation of his friends, Darvall, Martin, Mm ning, and young Dalley, whose prai i- tice was rapidly being diminished by his pn 1- senco at the bar of New South Wales, he ha >f magnanimously consented to assist Queen: '<\- land in developing rcsjionsiWo governmcr u and free institutions. What would they sa e upon finding him so misrepresented hy th 0 vile, the venal, tho licentious, corrupt, an '- stupid reporters of the Brisbane press. (In mouse enthusiasm.) Daily was that pure an '". refined eloquence upon which ho prided bin r self pilloried. Ho should vote for the motioi 0 Whon ho sacrificed his immense and lucrativ practico at tho Sydney bar, and upon the Bi thurat circuit, for the comparative obscurit of a Crown Prosecutor-(The remainder e the lion, gentleman's oration was inaudible owing to tho immense enthusiasm which pre vailed.) Mr. Blakeney must viso to protest agains the cowardly and treacherous attacks mad against the Moreton Bay Courier. If thor was one object upon whoso possession the in habitants of this island continent should priel themselves more than another, it was the pre sonce of such an inestimable institution a the Moreton Bay Courier. He viewed wit pride the glorious privileges of the press handed down to us from the clays of th mighty patriot Brian Born, whose country man he was proud to own himself. It 1m c boon stated to him, in confidence, that th ii author of thoso inestimable articles whic] every statesman should bind as frontlets rouiv r, their brows, and wear as bracelets to thei d hands, was also one of his own countrymen He wished that the bon. chairman woul k daily road from that journal as he had don to-day, an article for the edification of th = House. Ile should move as an amonduien that every membor of that Houso who hai not paid up his subscription to that journal ir should be compelled to do so at onco ; and a '"- to the bombastic remarks of his learned friem o who had preceded him, ho would simply re it marie in tlie words of the hard, " Como, sew T round the bumper, leave points of bolicl d to simpleton sagos and reasoning fools.' r (Groans.) v The Colonial Treasurer was daily in tin '- habit of taking in the Courier, spittinj »f upon it, and then ordering a man, kept at th i- ' Treasury for the express purpose, to cany i it out of the room at the end of a long pole, am o to deposit it in a neighbouring gutter ; sue! h was his thorough contempt for the publica r tion. At the samo time it was now highh s necessary that something should be done d (Hoar, hoar, from the ministerial benches, He .was accused sometimes of being illogical but as a Scotchman, he could not forget tin glories of Bannockburn, or the blessings con terrell on his country by that inestimnbli pntriot, the Duke of Argyle. He had somi doubts himself as to the authorship of the Juniui letters, but although the Attorney-Genera had made a mistake in the Supremo Cour Bill, he still believed that the angles at tin base of an isoscoles triangle wore equal, une it would be a good plan to tie him, he mean tho editor, to a triangle, and then set the Native Police upon him. He know quite well what he was talking about, if the re^ porters would only report him correctly ; ai the samo timo, ho thought that there were much worse parts of the paper than tho leader which he never could get through. Look at the letter signed " David's Ghost," which was a direct insult to himself, who was evidently referred to,-Solomon being the wisest mai of the day, and David being his father, whe was addicted to dancing. But that was neither here nor there, bnt if they looked al another portion of tho paper they would fine that it was said the " Telegraph would sal to-morrow," whereas it was well known thai O'Reilly had sprung n leak. He would noi go through the auctioneers' advertisements but some of these were very insulting. Ne doubt evcryr member understood his remarks mid ho would simply introduce a clause ii another Bill to amend the Masters and Ser vants Act, which would effectually for the futuro put an extinguisher upon editors (Hoar, hear.) The Colonial Secretary had just droppci in, and as the mutter was before the House would cxpresss his opinion, which was tim the editor should bo at once sent for, tarree and feathered, and subsequently ignomini ously kicked. What interest could he as Colonial Secretary have to servo that he should bo abused by a venal and vinden pross. It was with pain he observed í gradual degeneracy of literature and polite noss in the present ago. It was dograeling te think that a spoon was called a spoon, and t spudo a spade, and ho had even seen in prin that abominable word, hateful to every mem her of tho publie service, he meant the wore Job. (Sensation, and erics of " Shame " fron Mr. Gore.) Let this licentious scrihhlor be upon his knees brought beforo that House and there consigned to eternal infamy (Hear, hoar.) Mr. Warry did not wish to be unnecessarily inhuman. He found, by an ancient precedent that ono mode of punishment, occasionally resorted to in tho olden timo, was that o drowning a man in a cask of wine. If they woro determined upon sacrificing the editor ho would suggest this as a good mode o: punishment. Mr. Cninii thought it wns all nonsenso te talk of settling the editor. If, howevor, the mooting determined on killing him off the reel,-mind ho only said if,-then tho mosl humane way of doing so would bo to put him into nn carthoiiwaro drain and bury him decently. Mr. Macalister thought the meeting didn't know what they woro talking about. The Colonial Secretary might call genial spirits. he mount editors, " from tho vasty deep," but tho question was, would they come when he did call on them. He had heard from good authority that dogs of the fiercest breed, and a select band of fighting men with bludgeons, always encircled the editor in question, whoso oflico was, moreover, socurely fortified, well victualled, and therefore able to stand a siege, Moreover such was the popularity of the Courier that tho volunteers would turn out as one man in its defence. It ho were ad dieted to taking luuars he would take one now, and ask his bon. friend tho Colonial Seoretaiy wira was to " bell the cat" ? This Just spcoch sottled tho debato. The Colonial ISjx'rltary said he vvould'nt go. It would hu beneath his dignity.-Piun« was not afraid, no, not by any means; but ho eer tainly should not go. Uti thought the duty by right devolved on the Trensuror.-Mao KENziEKaidho'd soo him he would'ntnay whoro, before he went.-Watts felt that it was not his place to go, but ho thought tho govorn ment were a set of cowards-cowardly pal troons.-Sergeant- at-Arks would'nt go; jhe'd resign first.-Black Rod would'nt go ; I knowing a trick worth two of so transparent I a one as fliat now attempted.-Gore would'nt go ; he had got into rows enough through the government. Hore tho matter rests. However; wo hoar that Herbert has asked for a strong clotach mont of military from Sydney, and Richards lias promisod. to loml a cannon, which, from tlio top room of the Treasury, will be directed against our office. AVe may expect soon to hear of another " demonstration" against b ourselves, but happily, secure in our own un- sullied motives and Blakeney's invaluable se friendship, we still, amid the din of warlike preparation, can smoko ouï pipe in pliiloso phic composure. 