WATER POLICE COURT. BE) okk tho Water Police and other Magistrates, Fhiday. Ludoviok H. Krnse, Peter Jacobson, and Jacob Peterson, seamen «f the Dutch ship Henderika, were sentenced to fix weeks' imprisonment with hard labour far dosertion. Denis Tobin, the boy who was found guilty last woek of stealing a cheque for £20 belonging to the steward of tho brig Spray, was now conunittod for trial at the Contra] Criminal -Court. MONDAY. Timothy Caeev and John Curran, seamen, were charged with having assaulted Charles Pctfcrs, -watchman, on board the United States ship Benows, trom whoso statement it appeared that appeared that about seven o'clock on Sunday night whilst he was proceeding alone the stage to go on board he met prisoners. Casey asked him if he wanted to light, and assumed a pugnacious attitude. Peters knocked Casey's cap off, and then both prisoners attacked him. Curren kicked bim, and Casey took bold of him by the waistband and threw bim into the water. Prisoners were found guilty, and Casey was ordered to pay a penalty of £5, -or to be imprisoned for one month with hard labour; Curran fined £3, or to be imprisoned for three weoks, Tuesday. Daniel M'Lcan, waterman, was fined 40s. with costs, for assaulting Joseph Andrews, also a waterman, who stated that on Sunday last defendant came to his house in Har rington-street, and when admitted he (plaintiff) put his hand on the topof Andrew's hat asking him what buninoss he bsd there. Andrews exclaimed ' Oh, here's a ghost,' and then having struck complainant, left tho house. Com plainant followed, but was again beaten and kicked by defendant. Defendant had been there before, and he and complainant's wife were found in an indelicate position. In the matter of Richards v. Richards, for wife'B main tenance, defendant consented to an order for 25s. a week. Weusescay. Elizabeth Orr, whfi was charged on the complaint of William Reid, labourer, Clarence-street, with having; whilst drunk abused his wife, struck: Reid himself with a stone, thrown stones at the door of bis house, and also thrown a fttone through the window, was ordered to find sureties for her good behaviour for twelve months, but in default was entenoed to a week's imprisonment, ' Thuiibday. William Paul Vine, a young man of twenty-one years of age, was charged with indecently assaulting one William Robinson, a boy of about eseen years old. The offence was committed on the 15th instant, at Lane Cove, at the resi dence of Mr. Whittingham, in whose employment the pri- soner was. The young boy is Mr. Whitbngham's stepson. The details of this case show an amount of depraved bestiality such as it is seldom the lot even of a police magistrate to listen to, and are of course utterly unfit to be much as hint at, still less to recount. The case was heard with closed doors, and the prisoner was fully committed to take his trial. Elizabeth Capper, licensed victualler, for keeping her house open for the sale of liquor at an unlawful hour, was fined 10s. and costs. Charles Henry Renaut, chief officer of the ship Vimeira, pleaded guilty to a charge of assaulting Charles Careless, second cuddy servant on board that vessel, and was fined 10s. and costs. 