IRELAND AND INDEPENDENCE. CFrnni the Satnrdau Review .1 Who is to he king of the country which (bar ring its climate) may be considered, for purposes of argument, to be the finest in the world ? There is a little difliculty about the matter, owing to the fact that there is more than one candidate in the field. Marshal MacMahon has claims, the existence of wliich none but a Iititudinarian or a sceptic would attempt to disprove. He is a gene ral ; he has been distinguished for his prowess j and tact in the battle-field, ami lie is possessed of a peculiarly sweet cast of countenance, with which the deputation who went to present him a sword were much struck, lie is descended, moreover, if not from Fingal, from a very near relation of ?his, or from Brian Born, or from one of the largest Irish giants, all of whom were gentlemen, and, like St.. Patrick, came of ' decent people.' He is an attached son of the Church, and his name strikes terror into the Saxons, who, whenever it is mentioned in company, are seen to tremble, and think of Foiitenoy, of 'Bif, of '98, of '48, and of all the other occasions on which Celtic military talent was the wonder of the world. But there is another great claimant for the Irish Crown, whose merits are certainly not to be forgotten for want of a muse to celebrate them in story or in song. This is Mr. Smith O'Brien, who is not a general, but lias, like his rival, been remarkable for his great generalship iu battle. He has in vented a celebrated evolution, which has since been adopted elsewhere. The military movement wliich iias gained the Irish brigade such reputa tion on thc-.-pTains of Italy, was one which he pyrforjiicd with ? equal promptness and success on tfie/ji);'(!)i where Jhe peaceful widow Malone once -Wtf!lt/mid her hfered'tury greens. On the other Sjaiidfi liji-oomes of av family as ancient nv- tho Mar ?slutj'ri,/-' Although, unhappily, a Protest ant, he ciiJv'iipe.'tli-Cellic as fluently as a language of that nafi'ri^'ik^Vpid»J(: of being spoken- -a feat which X[i1'{i?l'C'jK:'S!',nf the Marshal are compelled to ad ?jVt{?%i.V'r/''',yO- ..beyond his... reach. Finally, Mr. Sliife' ''.'a.kien, jo a let!w-'1ie has just published, ?Spmlyst^iUfude' to -his own claims, il^pw;tiV.i-f-Jhose' -Hi inn competitor i,n j.Uviu /Inch ? ? - ' » i... - .'?s.mmj n lefe'iice ? family, lie says, is in reality the same ns — that is to say. no better than -his own. Further, the Marshal is unfitted for the post of monarch, inas much as he has never suffered in Ireland's cause. When claims are fio very nearly balanced, we. grant that this difference is decisive. It is true that Mr, Smith O'Brien has not been .presented by a grateful country with a sword. What is that to the counterbalancing: and overwhelming argument in his favor, that' MacMahon lias never suffered? He does not know what exile is, or what a man goes through who has been tried and found guilty for his country's sake. And, after all, perhaps the Marshal's military genius has ?been overrated. He has never had to perform rapid military evolutions over very broken ground. It must not be forgotten that the land about Ma genta and Solferiuo is not cultivate.! in the same way as the ' widow ' cultivated the soil. This may be owing to differences of climate or of na tional character ; but the consequences from a strategic point of view, seem to have been tre mendous Had the Marshal found himself posted ut nightfall in the middle of the ' widow's ' gar den, his rear encumbered with vegetables, and British officers in his front, he, too, perhaps, might have yielded up his sword. Place Mr. Smith O'Brien, on the other hand, in a fine clear country, an enemy in his front, and his rear left completely open — give him a fair field and no cabbages — and all the officers in the British in fantry might find themselves unable to take him or his army into custody. So that, for purposes of comparison, the exploits of the hero of the Ita lian campaign may be perhaps dismissed from con sideration. Mr. Smith O'Brien's letter to the American, papers proves that he is not to be confounded with the partisans of MacMahon and The O'Do noghue. Among the disaffected of the sister isle there are two distinct parties. The one is the French, or Gallicisiug party, who correspond with Paris, present testimonials to Frenchmen of distinction, and clamour for General MacMahon and his conquering hosts. The other is a national and anti-French party, represented by Mr. Smith O'Brien, who has apparently modified his views since the days of the second French Revolution, and who repudiates tlie programme of The O'Do noghue and his Gallicisiug friends in language which is wise, and, to a certain extent, patriotic. He thinks that an invasion of Ireland by the French would not be of permanent service to the cause of Irish independence. He has observed that Frenchmen, in their character of the world's liberators, are neither entirely unselfish nor quite single-minded. If they were to treat Ireland as the)' have treated Poland and Venice, what would she have gained by their assistance? Even if the French landod on the coast 100,000 strong, they would not stay for ever, and as soon as they were gone the Irish would be worse oft' than be fore. But it is improbable that more than 20,000 or 30,000 could land in case of war, and as Irish Protestants would remain in a body loyal to the English Crown. Ireland would be the theatre of a domestic and bloody strife. In conclusion, Mr. Smith O'Brien does not profess to conceal his grief at seeing that corruption is generally para mount in his country, and that the people have n 't made much progress in the path of national improvement. They have yet a moral probation to undergo before they can hope to win their in dependence. He entertains little hopes from any projects that are being formed for the clandestine arming of the population. Such secret organisa tions, as far as he can see, are likely to terminate in the same half melancholy, half ludicrous way, in which others have terminated before. Mr. Smith O'Brien, though a foolish man, is a generous man and a gentleman, and is not to be classed altogether with the rest of the fanactics who, like him, are desirous of overthrowing- Eng- lish rule. His reflections on the wisdom of ac cepting aid from France are indisputably just, nor need he have gone further than the Peace of Amiens to prove his point. It is more worth re marking that in his letter he has incidentally and unconsciously touched upon one of the strongest reasons that make Irish autonomy a wild and im possible dream. Ireland is divided into two hos tile camps iu the North and in the South, which hate each other with all the bitterness of brethren who disagree, His reverence, the parish priest, does not excommunicate the heretics of the North with more sincerely pious malevolence than that with which his reverence the parson preaches against the Popish idolators of the South. In Tipperary they fling brick-bats at the Scripture reader, and in Down they are only too glad to got an opportunity of ' larruping ' anybody who does not believe in the glorious, pious, and immortal memory of William III. King MacMahon or King O'Brien, whichever it might be, would have a set of troublesome subjects to deal with ; and the reigning monarch could not safely profess any religious principles at all, imlese he wished to have his head broken. Indeed, whichever of the two claimants for the crown is successful, a com promise will have to be made. For six months of the year he will live under the shadow of the cathedrals of the North, wearing Orange colours, and drinking daily after dinner the toast of destruction to the Pope. For six more he will have to take up his residence at St. Jarlath's, and to fast on Fridays', on pain of being shot from behind a hedge. Meanwhile his loyal peo ple will be waging internecine war among them selres, after the manner of the boys of Balllin asloe. The Orangemen and Ribbonmen would go on fighting till there were none left on the con tending sides, and then the victorious party would begin fighting among themselves. The same papers that bring us Intelligence of the desperate plans of the disaffected Catholics of the Rotunda curiously enough bring us equally distressing news of the bellicose intention ot the North. The best answer which can be given to The O'Donoghue and his brother rebels when they elii'mour for Irish independence, is to point tlieni to Derry and Belfast, in order that they may learn what- kind of an ordeal awaits Ireland iu the first hour that Irishmen are let loose against one another. Let them look oil this picture and on that — on the fanatics of the South, and on the fanatics of the North. It is an amusing and in- . struetive contrast, and one which will lead all sensible people to reflect that, whatever have been England's shortcomings in respect to Ireland, one benefit she certainly confers on Irishmen at this moment in keeping them apart. It is said that grave disturbances of the peace aro to be expected in Londonderry next Tuesday. In spite of the ' Party Emblems Act,'' wliich was passed t'-.is summer for the express purpose of keeping them in order, the Apprentice Boys of Derry are determined not to be deprived of the valuable privilege of annoying and insulting their fellow- countrymen twice a year. They trust that no Protestant jury will be found to convict them, in case of prosecution, and are prepared to make demonstrations this time on the largest scale. Tliey propose to show their entire contempt and disapproval of the wicked Act of Parliament which forbids an Orangeman to burn gunpowder under the nose of a Roman Cotholic. It is in vain to hope that these cowardly fanatics, who degrade the memory of the brave Dcrrymenof old by pre tending to do honor to it, will abandon their pur pose from good feeling or common sense. What Orange good feeling and loyalty mean has been shown this year in Canada. The same clique that grossly insulted her Majesty's judges a few months since in Ireland would insult herself with the same conscientious cowardice as that wilh which only the other day they outraged her magis trates, and slighted her son and heir. Their dearest privilege is to lie continually talking of deeds in past with which poltraons have no right to dare to identify themselves, und of brave nn ? cestors of whom they are the loquacious sons. Their llags, and their drums, and their sermons, and their tarbairels, only prove that tliey are courageous when there is no danger. Pelting a Catholic, and walking in procession are things that very timid people might do, and are military oper ations which the gallant ' Butler' would have been quite willing ro entrust to the care of the women and children of his garrison. If real dan ger arose, the Protestant brigade who are led on to bonfires and street rows by those two sons of thunder, the Rev. Dr. Millar and the Rev. Mr. Potter, would doubtless fight as creditably as the crusaders who recently devoted themselves to the cause of his Holiness. The ' Pope's Own' might very well pair off with the 'Parsons' Own,' and wage over again iu every county the conflicts of Copies and of Tentyra. A battle, prolonged and — so long as there was no real danger — even furious between the rival hosts would be the firstnational achievement of the year that ushered in Irish independence. A'si it is impossible to say, with confidence, which party would bo the first to run away, it is difficult to predict which would be left masters of the field. On the whole probably the Derry boys would run the first, as they have been making tlie most noise. One has more sympathy with the vociferations of the Catholics who are down than with the insult ing acclamations and triumphant poltroonery of Orangemen who have got them down. Mean while, the Gallicisiug agitators of the Rotunda will do well to think that, but for England, they would be torn in pieces by savage fanatics from j the hotbeds of Orange Protestantism before many days were over. What would be the result if Dr. Millar and Dr. MacIIale were members of one and tne same legislative body ? An appeal to universal suffrage in Ireland would be a very sanguinary performance. Depaktwie OI' Mu. Cowi'F.n for Bukuan (;on'G. — Considerable surprise was created yester day afternoon by the announcement that Mr. Cowper was about to proceed to the Lambing Flat Diggings. Mr. Robertson gave notice in the Assembly that he would this afternoon move for leave of absence for a fortnight to the Colonial Secretary. 'J he observation made by Mr. Cowper on Tuesday afternoon, in his official state ment respecting the disturbance at Lambing Flat, that the Government felt much difficulty with regard to the appointment of an individual to control the proceedings of the military, supplies the only explanation that can at present be afforded of this extravagant step. It is presumed that the Government considered the duty of directing the movements of the military was one of such extreme responsibility and delicacy that it was desirable that it shouid be undertaken by a member of the Ministry, and that the Premier was considered the fittest person to be entrusted with that duty. Nothing was stated officially iu the Assembly as to the purpose t-f Mr. Cowper's visit. Mr. Robertson, in answer to a question from one of the members, stated that when the motion for leave of absence was proposed would be the proper time for such au explanation ; that information may accordingly be looked for this afternoon. There can be no doubt that one object aimed at in the visit of the Premier is that before ? ? ? i.„ ? l 1... «?!,„ iiuj c.vibpciuwny cucoc uiiu uc piuuutuu vj im; arrival of the troops on the spot, Mr. Cowper may inquire for himself into the cause of the disturbance, and use whatever influence his po sition may invest him with in endeavoring to ward oft' a civil commotion and bloodshed. The circumstance of the troops having been despatched to uphold the authority of law on the diggings is sufficient guarantee that no concessions will be made to the diggers inconsistent with the main tenance of order and regard for the rights of those whom the Government are bound to protect'. Mr. Cowper started from Sydney by the last train yesterday evening, and will travel as fast as fresh relays of horses at every stage will enable him ; he intended to remain last night lit Picton, and expected to reach his destination on Saturday evening. The distance of Lambing Flat from Sydney is about two hundred and sixty-five miles. — Herald. Tabii.k Vineyard. — A general meeting of shareholders in the Tabilk Vineyard Proprietary took placc yesterday, at the offices in Queen street ; Mr. J. P. Bear in the cliair. A progress report of the directors was read, from which it appeared that four of their body had recently visited the vineyards, which are situated on the Goulburn River, about 10 miles from Avenel. The directors had selected 850,000 vine cuttings out of 1,000,000 advertised for in July last, and which were of the best description produced in Victoria and the neighboring colonies. The object was to secure as large a quantity as possible of rooted vines for planting out in per manent vineyards in the ensuing season. The whole of the cuttings had been got in with facility, and with very successful results. Labor was easily and cheaply obtained from the northern gold-fields. The wet weather since experienced had ensured the growth of the cuttings. The manager of the vineyard reported, in November last, that 10 acres of trenched ground were then planted as a nursery, with 700,000 cuttings, and that about 61 acres were permanently planted with vine-cuttings, in rows 6 feet apart. The 'whole of the ground was intersected by about 7,000 yards of drains, dug in levels, as well suited for irrigation as for drainage. In addition to the above, 70 acres had been cleared ; the total extent of ground cleared since the beginning of the works being about 150 acres, of which 100 were the most heavily timbered portion of the estate. The above had been accomplished at an outlay of about .£30, 000, the cost of vine-cuttings, including freight and carriage,' amounting to nearly one-half of that expenditure. The suitability of the estate for the . purpose was un deniable, and was confirmed by the present ap pearance of! the vineyard and the ' extraordinary crop of grapes obtained from the .old vines, which, in the opinion of a Swiss gentleman, one of the provisional directors, was superior to the produce of some of the finest vineyards of the Continent. The vineyard possessed a very valu able water-power, which could easily be made available for many purposes connected with the operations of the company, especially for that of raising water to a level sufficient to irrigate the whole of the land in the Tabilk section. The director's report concluded by expressing a very encouraging opinion of the future progress and results of the undertaking. On the motion of Mr. Holmes, seconded by Mr. Rentseh, the report was unanimously adopted, and ordered to be printed and circulated among the shareholders. The chairman stated that the actual value of the rooted vines nt present in the ground, at the rate 1 of .€5 per 1000 generally, was at least .€,500, and it was expected that the company wuitl I be able to make OOlihd. of wine in the ensuing year (1862). — Argus. PnoGDESS 01' THE Military. — A gentleman who arrived last night from a journey alon^ the southern road states that he met tlie military yesterday afternoon, only two or three miles beyond Camden. They camped on Tuesday night near Camden, but owing to not being pro vided with bread for breakfast they did not start on their journey until 1 1 o'clock. Before getting to Bazorback the horses commenced jibbing, and the progress made was so slow that it seemed doubtful whether Picton would be reached last night. The principal detention was with the artillery, and it was thought probable that, orders would ite given to the infantry to proceed ou their journey by th'inr-elves, leaving the artillery to follow. — Herald. 1'VrrrNiNU Fowi.m. — If it is desired to fatten | fowls in a very short time, they should be confined in small coops, liaily says: —'A coop for 1^ fowls (dorkings) .should bo .'iO inches high, three feet long, and 22 inches deep ; it should stand alout two feet from the ground, the front made of bars about three apart. ; the bottom also made of bars about an inch and a half apart, to ensure cleanliness, and made to run the length of the coop, so that the fowl constantly stands, when feeding or resting, in the position of perching ; the sides, back, and top may be made the same, or the back may be solid.' Some writers think it better to make half of the floor a little inclined, and to cover it with a board. Troughs for feed and water should be fastened around the edge of the coop, and t he whole placed in an out-building, as a barn or shed, away from other fowls. For the first 24 hours give water, but no food. On tlie second day commence feeding regularly three times daily with the most nutritious food, such as oatmeal mixed with milk, boiled wheat, &e.; The troughs should be cleansed daily, and plenty of fresh water given ; and the fowls must be fed very early in the morning, and all they get will eat at all times. In from 14 to 20 days they will be in their best | condition, when they should be killed ; for, if kept longer, they soon become diseased. Poultry may be fattened quicker and more perfectly by stuffing ; but it is an unnatural as well as in\uinan practice, and we cannot recommend it. — Farm and Garden. Embezzlement by a Bank Ci.erk. — For some weeks past it has been a matter of common rumour that one of the branch managers of the Bank of Victoria was discovered to have embez zled a very considerable amount of money. Al though in possession of particulars, there were many reasons why we deemed it uundvisable to give publicity to the report ; but as we understand that the police are now on thetrack of the abscond er, there can be no longer any reason for with holding the details. The defaulter is Mr. Burnie, who was managing the Christinas Town branch of the Bank of Victoria for some 12 or 15 months. Defalcations have already been discovered to the amount of some JS500 or £600. There are ob vious reasons why we should not particularise the manner in which the embezzlement was eft'ecte 1. When the Wahgunyah rush broke out, Mr. Burnie applied for the managership of the Rnthergleii branch. This was refused, and he made the re fusal a pretext for resigning his situation and leaving the district. He had been gone only a short time when his dishonest practices were dis covered. The strangest part of the business is, that when he arrived in Melbourne he applied for a situation in tlio Bank of Australasia, and refer red to the Beechworth mananger for a character. He then paid a flying trip to Ballarat, where he passed under the name of Williamson, and, we hear, is at present in New Zealand. He has been married since he left this district. — Ovens Consti tution. Determined Attempt at Suicide. — A collar and harness maker named Campbell, residing in M'Crae-street, at a late hour on Weduesday night, cut his throat in several places, besides inflicting a severe wound on his left arm, by which the biceps muscle was severed. Fortunately the wounds in the neck, extending nearly from ear to ear, missed both thecarotid artery and the jugular vein, although tho windpipe was cut into. When Dr. Dow, who was promptly in attin lance, visited the unfortunate man, he found him in an exhausted condition. The usual remedies were at once applied, and it is believed the patient will recover. Campbell bears the character of being a steady, sober man. — Bendigo Advertiser. Charge oe Rape. — James Mulgrave was brought before the Bench charged with attempting to commit a rape on Sophia Giller, at West Maitlaud, on the 23rd inst. Complainant de posed that she was the wife of William Giller, and that she and her husband were in Mj\ Clift's service, at West Maitland ; they resided in a detached house at the rear of Mr. Clift's ; between 11 and 12 o'clock on Saturday morning last, complainant was in the house with only a little girl named Mary Green, who had come to fetch some water, when prisoner came to tho door and asked if Mrs. Lawton was there ; complainant said she had not been there for some time ; to which he made answer that she was to have bsen there on that day or tlie preceding one ; prisoner was at this time standing just inside the door, and asked complainant if she would give liiin a drink of water, and allow him to sit down and see if Mrs. Lawton would come ; complainant said he might, if he was a decent man, but she did not allow any one to come in — she being alone ; he then sat down and smoked his pipe ; complainant then busied herself about her work, and. fetched some bedclothes that were hanging out, and took them into the bedroom ; prisoner fallowed her and caught hold of her by the wa:st with one hand, and put his other over her month, saying ' hush 1' complainant screamed, and caught hold of the door with one hand and tlie bed-post with the other; she screamed till she was nearly exhausted, when her husband came in ; it was evidently prisoner's . intention to commit a rape ; the girl Green was not present, she having left ou getting a bucket of water; complainant's husband struggled with prisoner, and got him out of the house ; she had seen him once before when he came for Mrs. Lawton, who was the midwife attending complainant in her last confinement ; after complainant's husband had turned prisoner xmt of the house, her husband went on with his work, and prisoner returned and tried to get in at the window; complainant's husband then dragged him away;: to the police. In her cross-examination, she said prisoner was not quite sober. William Giller, husband of the complainant, deposed that he returned home from his work about noon on Saturday, and was un harnessing his horse when a boy of Mr. Clifft's said, ' William, Sophia is screaming very much.' He went as quickly as lie could to the house, and when within a few yards heard suppressed screams ; on entering the house lie. saw his wife struggling with prisoner ; witness immediately shoved him out of the house ; prisoner made a blow at witness, but witness avoided it : priso icr then went away ; witness' wife was very much exhausted in the struggle, and witness got her a glass of water, an I then went out to attend to his business, keeping the house in view ; presently he saw prisoner return to the house, and try the door, which was fastened ; then went to the window, and attempted to get in, when witness seized him ; a struggle then took place, and witness succeeded in dragging him as far as Mr. Derrington's on the way to the lock-up, when lie escaped ; witness kept liini in view, however, till lie met Constable Collins, when they overtook him aiid witness gave him in charge. The prisoner was remanded till Friday next. — Mait- land Ensign. Kangaroo Hunt. — On the 7th instant a number of gentlemen met at Deniliquin, for a kangaroo limit. A fine lot of dogs were got. together, and the sport promised to be a success Seventeen gentlement started, and after two capital runs killed two kangaroos, reported to have been formidable looking old gentlemen. The tail of one of them weighed 14 lbs., an j equally honorable, and certainly a more savoury trophy than a fox's brush. Several ladies at tended the hunt, and took up very creditable positions at the death. No spills or other (lis- I agreeables occurred, and the day pnssed off very pleasantly. Kangaroo hunting ought, to take the lead in our colonial sports, but it is to be feared the call on physieaal energy and endurance it involves tends much to cheek its pursuit. But. pv-)l-;ibly a more cogent reason for the general neglect, of tlie sport is, that from the conditions attendant it is a luxury reserved for the lew. The Sr. Patrick's Banhitt. — Last evening the sub-committee appointed to make the neces sary arrangements for the forthcoming banquet, to take place on the 17th March, in honor of the Patron Saint, of Ireland, met at Mr. Kearney's, the Brougham Tavern, l'itt-ntreet. An animated discussion took place upon the subject of the best j means to bo adopted to give velni to the futuro ! occasi in, and to render It in every respect worthy, of the day specially devoted, not only in Ireland, but all over the world, for the meeting of llibernia's sons. Not that we wish it to bo understood that such assemblages as the forth coming are exclusively composed of Irishmen, for otherwise Britannia nnd Scotia's sons usually join in every festivity of their sister kingdom ;: the latter being invariably found at each of tlnr gatherings of the former. Yesterday evening two gentlemen Were appointed t - wait on the futura President and Vice-President of the Banquet, and1! two of the committee were selected to select tenders for the eatables ; Upon two. moru, devolving the responsible affair of choosing the wines. We believe the next celebratl m of °Saintf Patriek's Day to take place at Clark's Assenibljc Rooms, will exceed any one of the past, not only.' as regaids the excellency of the arrangements to» be made, but the social comforts to be provided ^ the convivial harmony which will prevail, or tlia unusual assemblage expected to be present to» keep in remembrance by hallowed association's the endearments of Erin's Green Isle. — Empire.- A Steward and iiis Ghost. — Captain Joseph' Hossack, the master of the ship Cyclops, was summoned at the Thames Police-court, on No vember 24th, to answer a claim for wages by it black man named Peter Peterson. It appeared' that Peterson shipped on board the Cyclops at Hongkong, as steward, for .£5 a month.* Several charges were made in answer against the steward. It was stated by Captain Hossack that. Drevious to the 7th of September, the steward was i slovenly, dirty, and negligent. On the 8th of ' September, when the ship was off the Cape of Good Hope, there was a gale of wind, and the steward was missing. Evi ry part of t es1 ip was searched, but he c -u'd n.jt b; discovered. It was then suppose.! that he had fallen overbwrd and was drowned. An entry was made to tl.is effect in tlie official log-b ;ok. Eighteen d ys after this the second mate, who was in the ca in, stumbled over a man's feet in the daik, and oil obtaining a light discovered the steward un !er the table. Tiie mate called out to the man at the helm, saying, Bill, here's the dead steward !' Bill came to li ok, and was so terrdled that he rushed back, and though one of tlie strongest men in the ship he went into a fit, and was ill fur four days afterwards. He thought th. t he had ' seen the steward's ghost. A Newfoundland dog, which came down at tho same time with Bill, was struck with terror, ran back howling, and jumped overboard and was drowned. It turned out that the steward had been all the time in the bread locker, wdere lie had lived concealed, but he had gone out at lfiglit and procured food for himself. The locker was in a beastly state. AH sorts of preserved meats and other food were missed while the steward was concealed, but no one would have supposed that a dead steward cmld eat, and t'le officers suspected each other. The steward, on being questioned, admitted that he had spoiled everything in the bread 1 cker, and had taken nuat out of the pantry. The summons was dismissed. Death from Starvation. — James Barr, a native of Glasgow, who was lost from Gunn's sta tion, Want n- a Plains, on the 20th January, was found on the ,10th inst., after a long search, by one of the Messrs. Winter's stockmen, in a fear fully decomposed state. It appears that on the 26th of January a man residing in the same lo cality caught the deceased in his tent with his wife and drove him away, when it is supposed he wan dered into the Garra Garra Forest-,' when he was found, and was afraid to return. The police re moved the body from where it was lying in the bush to Mr. Brasher's hotel, Rushworth, where a magisterial investigation was held before Mr. J. T. Lewis, J.P. Dr. G'C mnor, who made a post- \ mortem examination, was of opinion that the de ceased died from inanition. The magistrate's1' ' opinion was given in accordance with the the doc- : tor's evidence. — M'lvoi News. zA. 