I LAWRENCE, CLARENCE RIVER. [FROM A CORRESPONDENT.] OUR IMPORTS AND EXPORTS. -I have much pleasure in forward- ing the returns of the above for the past quarter. There has been a slight falling off on preceding quarters, but that must always be looked for at this time of the year. Although the re- turns are small, we have to congratulate ourselves on the fact that in addition to the old firiends who formerly transacted their business through Lawrence, there arc several new ones who have at length seen the advantage of having their goods by this route. Imports. -beer, 2 hogs-heads 8 casks (4 dozen) ; bulls, 2; dray and gig 1 each ; flour mill, 1 ; flour, 42 1/2 tons ; hay, 6 bales; horses, 6; iron, 210 bars 113 bundles; merchandise and oilmen's stores, 50 packages; rice, 182 bags (each 1 cwt) ; salt- Liver- pool, 129 bags (each 2 cwt ), rock, 3 tons ; soap, 33 boxes (each 1 cwt ); spirits- brandy, 5 hogsheads 3 quarter-casks 2 kegs 38 cases (each 1 dozen; geneva, 87 cases ; rum, 1 puncheon 5 hogsheads 10 kegs (each 5 gallons) ; other spirits, 53 cases; sugar- Com- pany's 130 bags, Pampanga 65 bags, Mauritius 89 mats; sundries, 442 packages; tea, 20 chests 47 half-chests 14 boxes; tin, l8 boxes; tobacco, 14 packages 1900 lbs ; weighing machine, 1; wheat, 27 bags , wine, 1 hogshead 15 quarter-casks. Exports -Fowls, 1 coop; hides, 351; pigs, 12; sheepskins, 11 bundles; staves, 3400; sundries, 11 packages; tallow, 22 casks; wool, 176 bales 5 bags. I also find that during the last half-year there has been loaded at this place, for the interior, no less than 282 drays, carrying on an average two and a half tons each, and, were it not that our roads are in such a fearful state, the number would be increased one-third, I hear that there has been £700 appropriated for the road; it is certainly time there was a por- tion of it spent. The late rains have washed away bridges, and made holes that certainly ought to be repaired. Who is to blame-the Road Committee or the Government ! The former say that they have no money , where is It! Should the weather continue as it has done for two or three months longer, the New Englanders will be running short of tea, sugar, and tobacco. It is hoped that the Government will do something without further delay. There is some report that the road is under the control of Mr. Keele, super- intendent for the Northern Roads , if this is the case, we shall be most happy to see Mr Keele placing some men on it shortly. There are several works that have been commenced by the Road Committee, viz, on the Six Mile Swamp, and Currababla Moun- tain, but the works are at a stand still for want of funds. As for the former place, it is terrific, and whoever is to blame for the delay will most certainty be haunted by the ghosts of sundry bullocks whose days have been shortened by the punishment they have there received. There is considerable talk just now about the Governor paying a visit to the district in some months time, but certainly if he wishes to have thorough ex- perience of the colony he should come just now, and try his hand with a dray and team of bullocks. There is a great deal said about tramways and that sort of thing, but if the Government would endeavour to cut down trees, bridge the creeks, cut away sidlings, and make a few drains, it would answer all purposes for some years to come; when we have a dense population in the interior, British enterprise will not be so dead but that companies will be formed to construct railways, &c.;, where required. In the mean- time, let us have fair and passable dray roads to the interior. Tho diggings are moving along very quietly. There has been no news of importance for some time past. I perceive, by the Tenterfield Chronicle, that some of the ground is turning out very well on M'Leod's Creek and elsewhere. The Ewengar is very quiet, most people being deterred by the dense brush from prospecting the numerous auriferous creeks around there. Malna Creek is reported to be turning out very well, as also Pretty Gully. Tooloom Is very dull indeed, there being rather too large a supply of water for the river claims, which turn out the best. We have had a considerable addition to the digging population lately, both European and Chinese; and I believe that a great many more may be expected shortly. 