A Y3EIT WITH THE DOCTOR «r. T. a. ASTHUB. - f How are you to-d, Hre Czricton T asked Dr. Fzriieigh, Mjit eat down wiift iuBwatient, vrire re clined langmdfy''oii Um aflftdanfid chair. - " Miserable," wte-titefl|lifliyepaken rfy. Arid the word wu onne «sua repeated— Mlrerebler The docuf todc- ona -of. the dadylaiBmall, white hands, on which tbe 'network of -vrink mast drii- cately traced, an«a3 $te Hue lines eretywhree be neath the transparent akin, , tt was a beautiful hand— a«tadyfitta.jalnter,oras<sdrinr. It was a soft, flexible hand-weoft, ftmrible, and.velvety to tbe touch, as the baiidcf q baby, -for it was aa much a ganger to psefld wqK. TSc doitor laid his finger on the wrist Under. Jbeprereure be felt the pulse beat slowly and evenly. .. Jle took out his watoh and conntei the beste ' ac v enty inWminrite: There waa no favour, nor any. -urmaual dixturbanoe of theaya- tem. Calmly the heart, waa -doing ita appointed work. . C' "How is your bead, UrtOarietcoil" The lady moved bar head finm wife to aide two or three times. ' v re Anythmg. out ofthe vraythaeT ... ... e My hod is wdl enough, but I ferino miserable —bo weaki' I- haynt the riirithjtf ri tbOd. " The least exrethm sibnori exharirismriT : And the lady abut her eyes, and looked the pc- ture of feddeness.' " Have yon takea the tonic, for whidh I left tiie "Howbyour appetite!" ' - "Bad,'".." " Have you taken the morning walk in the garden that I suggested 7" ' ' " O dear no 1 Walk in "the garden! rm feint by (he -time J to: the breSkbst ream. . Ipan't live at this rat doctor.' What rife I fe do ? Can't yon build me rarsjoaie. trey 1 Pm a burden to piyedf nndeTaSdy rise:" " j 1 ViV«.C«y .abiori ritftmn'tdto fld oertb. 'r?TAaWm-eevwwiiiwSw«ai His Carietdn f . , '' I did until the xaniage .was broken, and tiiat waa nearly a week ago. It basbeenmtttecamj«B maker's ever Bince." "Ton. must have the fieahair, Mrs Carieton," aaidithe doctor emphatically. Fresh air, change of scene, and exercise are indispensable in your case. You will die if yon remain riint tip rib, ritiw ftdnwi Come, take a ride with me." "Doctor 1 how absurd V exclaimed Mrs Carieton, almost rimphefl -with the .eugeetion. " Hide with yon i What would the people think !" "A fig for people's thoughts. Grit year shawl, and bonnet ana take « drive withmv. What do yon need to care for meddlesome peopfe'e thoughts. Owe!" The .doctor knew bis patient. " Bnt you're not in earneetj surety 7" There was a half amused twinkle in the lady Is eyes. ".Never more in earnest. X am going to see a patient' jnstont of the city, and the drive will ben charming one. Nothing would pleave me better than to have your company." j There was a vein tit humour, and aspirit of "do'nt care" in . Mm Carieton, which had once made her independent and almost hoydenish. 'But fashion able associations since her woman -life -began, bad toned her down into exceeding propriety. Fashion and conventionality, however, were fast losing their influence, since enfeebled health kept her feet back from the warid'e gay pboes ; and the doctor's invi tation to a ride found her sufficiently disenthralled to see in it a pleamngpovelty. " I've half a mind to go," she said smiling. She had not smiled since the doctor came. - " 111 ring for your maid,". naid Dr Faricigh, and tii hand waa on the bell-rope before hers. Mrs Carlton had space, to think" twice,.and endanger a change of thonght- "Fm not sure that I am strong enough for the : effort," said Mrs Carieton, and she laid bar head back upon the cuahiona in a feeble way, " Trust me fortha!" at once replied the doctor; Tbe maid came in. " Bring me a shawl and my bonnet, Alice : I am going to ride out with the doctor." Very languidly was the sentence spoken. "I'm afraid, doctor, itjriB be too much for me. Yon don't know how weak lam. Tim very thought of such an effort exhausts me." " Not a thought of the effort," replied Dr Ehririgh. "Itiifattbat." " What is it 7" ' " A thought of appearances — of what people may say." "Now, doctor, you don't think me so weak in that direction.? .. , < - " Jnst so weak," was the free-spoken answer. " Ton fashionable people are all afraid of each other. Yon have'ni a spark of individuality or true independence; No, not a spark 1 Yon are quite strong enough to ride out in your own elegant carriage — bnt with the doctor ! — oh, dear, no 1 If yon were certain of not meating Mrs M'Flimsey, perbsps the experiment might be adventured. But she is always out on fine days." " Doctor, far shame I How can yon say that ?" . And a ghost of colour crept into the face of Mrs Carieton, while her eyes grew brighter — almost AmTiixT ' The mud came in with the shawl and bonnet. Dr Farieigh,as we have intimated, understood his patient and said two or three words more, half con temptuous. " Afraid of lbs M'Flimsey ? said the doctor, teazmgly- " Not I ; nor forty Mrs SFFIimSeys" was the half jmlijmant ittwjJi ant rrtmt It was not the ghost of colour .lhait . warmed Mta Cariehm's face now ; bnt "the crimson of a quicker and -stronger, heart beak- She actually arose from her chair without reaching for her main's hand, and stood firmly -while tbe . shawl wwb adjusted and the bonnet strings tied. "We shall havea charming ride," said the doc tor, as be crowded in beside nil fsshionaUe lady companion, and.took.np th&iooee; reins. - He noticed that she sat <qi nrectly, and wfthscaicriy a sign of the languor -that ibnt a few minntes befoe baa op- preased her. Lean back when you see Mrs Mnc- Fflmseyls carriage, and draw yonr vmlclosdy. ' She will never dream that it's you." . " Fll 'get augrv if you play on that string mnch longer l" exclauned Mrs Carieton ; " what do I care for Mrs hlacFlimsey 7" How charmingly tire rosodmia flashed her cheeks. How the liitoppledjn.hre dark, sweet eyes, that were leaden a while before. - . Away fimaffae hoasy streetaxmt mxm the smooth- Iy-beaten roads, 'and wmod green fidds and wood lands, .gardens and -flower-decked orchards, the doctor borebts patienbdldiag ber hll the'sriiSein rittSSIlt 1.-- " -t,- Glcedy i£e docfor observed bis jiatipirf; ' He saw bow erretiy, dm continued to tot ; bow tbe colom-- dereiened in hrefecc,vrtiinh artniBy seemed ronnder nnafhBpr; bow the ague of egjoyuirnt fairly danced in her eyes. . j _ Hetaniiihg to ibe dty "by VdrflSrinft radf Uie doctor, a&reririsingJkhtolMBtieetsmairriyatnfat;" milire- to bis oompyhnytowrip Ids brereh , ndk jenacea ,-- Mrs m« tAbfhiSiSSSasaiehL I Tkefrrii' impulsejh yjapJu|gkwl she yielded to it, would , bare prompted her to take it in her arms and cover it with kisses. . "HoiraidyOnpaasthBnjght, Mrs Beslie," asked tbe doctor." . " About as usual," was answered in a calm, pa tient way ; and she even smiled as she epoke. " How about the pain through your side and shoulder T" " K may have bfen a little easfer.'' "Ton slept?1" " Yes, sir." " What of the night sweats ?' " I don't think they have diminished any." - The doctor bent bis eyes to the floor;- and eat in silence for some time. Tbe heart-jd Mrs Oarieton w us opening towards the baby,'and it was a baby to vnaire its way into any heart. She had forgotten breown'weakntsfrHforgotten in the presence of this : waa and wasted mother, with & ckreub on her lap, all abont her own invalid state. " I will send yon a new medicine," said the ' doctor, looking up ; then epeaking to Mrs Carieton, be added— - " Will yon at bare until I visit two or three pa tients in the block ?' " Oh, certainly," and she reached out her arms for the hakiy, mil removed it so gently, from it's mother's lap that it's soft elnmber was not broken. \- Wben the'doctor setnnied, be noticed tost three had been. -tears in .Mrs Cariton'e eyes- JBhe was still bolunk the baby, bnt now resigned the relent sleeper to ns xnother, kissingit asrhe didaq. He saw "her look" with a. tender interest tit tiie wblte, patient fime ofthe rilA'woman, :'und heard her say, as she qxike a ward or .two in parting— - " I ahull not- fbiget y oU." " TbatisaB&dcaae;,-doclor(" remarked the lady, as she took her dacein the carriage. " It is. But she is sweet and "patient," " I saw that, end it filled me with surprise. She teHs die that' to husband died a year ago." "Yes." " t jd that" she has supported herself by shirt. .1 IT" ' l¥'WH"lfitoiGBatoojmB»Mritiig';guaiJ and isdfjifmiejBt on i'yoimgae Uste:yAuraiaa a few dtftanweekfyrabook-folding." " Tbe ample story, I bdieve," said the doctor. : Mn Caririon was sflent for most of the way bome but thought was boBy. She had seen a phase of life that touched her deeply. " You are bter for tins ride)" remarked the doctor, as be handed, her frem the cemage. " I think so," replied Mv» Carieton. " There has not been so fine a colour on your face for months." - They bad entered Mrs Cariefam's rienf-reri- deuce, sad were sitting in one of her luxurious par lours. " Shall I tell you why f added toe doctor. Mrs- Carieton bowed. " You have had some healthy heart-beats." She did not answer. " And l pray yon, dear madam, let the strokes gp on g" "confirmed Dr Faririgh. " Let yonr mind become interested in some good work, and your hands obey jronr thoughts, and yon will be a healthy woman- in body and soul. Your disease is mental inaction ' Mrs Carieton looked steadily at the doctor. " Yon are in earnest," ehe said, in a calm, firm way. ' Wholly in earnest, ma'am. I found yon an himr ago, in so weak a state, that to lift your band was an exhausting effort. You are sitting erect now,", with every muscle tenghtiy strung. When will your carriage be home ?' He asked the doting question abruptly. " To-morrow," was the reply. "Tien t will not call for yon, bnt—" He hesitated. " Say on, doctor.? " Wm yen tote my prescription f "Yes. There was no hesitation. " You must give that sick woman a ride Into the conn try. The freshpure blossom, sweet air, wonld do bsr good — may, indeed, turn the balance of health in her favour. Don't be afraid of Mrs MacFlimsey." "For shame; doctor! But yon are too late in your suggestion. I'm quite ahead of you." "Ah! in what respect y " That drive in toe country is already a settled thing. Do you know, Fm in lore with that baby ? " ' Othello's occupation's gone,' I -see !" replied the doctor, rising — " But I may visit yon occa sionally, asa friend, I presume, if not as n medical adviser V " As my best friend, always," said Mm Carieton, with feeling. " You have led me out of myself; and showed me the way to health and happiness ; and I have settled toe question as to my future. & shall not be as the past." - " And it was hot."" . 