DEMOCRACY AND ITS THADUCERS. TO THE EDITOR OV THE AOE. Sin,— The Argus of Saturday thus throws down the gauntlet to the liberal party ; — 'This struggle between conservatism and the ultr.i- democracy has now reached a point where it must be decided whether one or the other is to be master. There can be no mistake as to the true character of the contest, or as to the value of a victory, at tha pre sent moment, to the party of revolution. Mr Heules himself has cleared the arena and simpli fied the quarrel.' I am not in possession of in formation as to whether the editor of the Argus is a total abstainer or the opposite, but this I do know that no man in his sober senses would sit down and pen such rubbish as the above extract. Who are the ultra- democrats? — what struggle is it that has to be decided? — and which is the party of revolution? — are questions which have greatly puzzled me as well as a great many more of your readers. I was not aware, until I read the Argus of Saturday, that in this quiet matterof fact colony of ours — even with that thorn in the flesh of the Conservatives, universal suffrage, the law of the land — there were any such parties among us, or any such dreadful struggle going on. On reading the Argus, I became quite alarmed. My mind instinctively reverted to the bloody scenes enacted in France during the latter part of the reign of Louis XVI., and after the deposition and murder of that unfortunate monarch. Tlio terrible invention of Dr Guillotin ro9e to my mind's eye — Robespierre, Danton, Marat, and the notorious club of the Jacobins, with tho crowds of MoDdthiraty savages in the streets of Puris rending the air with their inhu man cry of 'a la lanlerne tous les cveques,' and brandishing on the top of their pikes the gory heads of those whom they had in their fury de capitated, suddenly appeared before me; and, £ir, had it not been for a plentiful supply ef the Yan Yean which was at hand, I would, in the midst of my terror, have — fainted ! I, however, thought better of it, and recollecting that the colony was now blessed with a Minister of finance greater by far than the celebrated Swiss financier M. Necker himself ; and with a Chief Secretary who for his known loyalty and attach msnt to the Throne of Romo has been created ' a Knight of the Holy Ghost,' I became re assured, and felt that my fears Mere groundless. The truth at last flashed unon mv mind— I saw through the whole affair. It was a dodge on the part of the editor to work upon the fears of the public, so as to compel them to support O'Sha nassy and Co, the principal of which new firm publicly advertised his wares the other day at Kilroore, and declared, in a speech of four columns and a half long, that neither he nor any of his partners had the slightest connection with tho house over the way — namely, Heales and Co. I further thought the matter over, and I came to the conclusion that though undoubtedly the editor of the Argus was mad, there was method in his madness. And now, Sir, I will tell you my reasons, in plain English, for coining to Buch a conclusion. In the first place, then, it is now over five yeai'3 since our beloved sovereign ratified the Constitution, which placed us under responsible Government, during which period tho people have been in possession of their elec toral privileges. What has been the result of this extended franchise ? Has property been less secure ? Has life been less sacred. ? Or has the party of which the editor of the Argus is the able exponent, been able to bring a single charge of tyranny against the people ? Have the people become less orderly ? Do they reverence less the laws under which they live ? Have they become less industrious ? Do they evince less attach ment to the throne and institutions of the country which gave them birth ? These charges have not been brought against them by the Argus. Wherefore then does the sapient editor of that journal array class against class in a struggle which has at present no existence, but in his own fertile brain ? Upon what grounds, I would ask, is such an issue to bo raised ? Life and property are perfectly se cure. There is no agitation going on in tho country for any extension or alteration of the elective franchise. The courts of law are open and undisturbed, and although the demo cratic party — as the Argus loves to call them — may be said to command a majority of the colo nists on their Bide, they have never yet abused their power in any way whatever. All the places of profit throughout the colony are, with but few exceptions, held by sprigs of the home and colo nial aristocracy, although that class systema tically traduces the colony and its institutions both at home and abroad. I again ask, then, why docs the editor of the Argus seek to raise a quar rel oetwecn the propertied and the no- propertied classes of the colony ? The reason is plain ; and not all the clever writing and electioneering tricks which that gentleman is capable of per forming will be able to hide it from tiie public. The whole hubbub which the Argus is trying to kick up is to secure a mojori.y of votes in tho Assembly to enable the O'tihanassy Government to pass a measure into law giving the squatters new leases of their runs, just as they hold them at present, and on the same favorable terms. That, Sir, is the reason why the Argus and the squatters have all of a sudden become so dread fully afraid of the ' ultra democrats.' And its leader of Saturday, which has created such n great sensation in the neighborhood of South Yarra, was written with the 'express object of influencing the Ministerial elections which are to come off at St. Kilda and Emerald Hill one of these days. But, Sir, whilst I throw great blame on the Argui and the squatters for the bad feelings which they are trying to excite, I am not blind to the fact that there is another party with very different ob jecls in view adding fuel to the flame, and that is the Romish priesthood, of which the hon. member for Kilmore is the avowed representative. That party, through O'Shanussy, are fully determined to make all government impossible that does not em brace their chief at its head. Let the colonists not lose sight of this fact — for it is a fact, no matter what may be said to the contrary. Aye, and the conviction of the truth of it has more to do with the strong opposition, which has alroady set in in every direction, to the O'Shanassy Government than the editor of the Argus is perhaps aware of. There is no desire among the liberal party — at least among the sensible portion of them — to drive the squatters across the Murray for many a long year to come. They are all fully determined, of course, to refuse to grant any leases to thesquatters for stated periods ; but at the same time they are perfectly willing to give them annual licenses on certain conditions. Yet, nevertheless, the liberal party will not recognise the O'Shanassy Govern ment, and are fully determined to oppose them in every shape and form, no matter whut the Argus may dare to say against them for doing so. SANDHUR&T.; 25th November. Milton Chajiobd with Plagiarism. — Amongst the orators who addressed the assembly at the Art Congress at Antwerp, was n Dutch priest, of the name of Roiiwers, who held in complete sub jection the minds of his auditory by the brilliancy of his ploquence. In one portion of his speech he charged Milton with plagiarism. He said: — I have just touched a sensitive chord. Milton was a great genius, and yet I shall dare to prove that all the genius of Milton is due to one of Antwerps sons, to whom Holland, prance, and Belgium, have raised monuments : I mean Vondel. All the ideas ot 'Paradise Lost,' and 'Paradise Re- gained,' and of ' Samson Agonistes,' were beauti fully expressed by Vondel, twenty-five years bs forethe time of Milton. And not only has Mil ton taken those subjects from Vondel, but ho has also borrowed the developments) and translated whole verses from the original author. It is re marked that the weakest of Milton's works are those in which he has not copied from Vondel. I claim for our country the thesis, and for Antwerp this brilliant glory.' (Immense applause.) An Extraordinary Hallucination. — Last week, a young man named Lock, of Milverton, near Wivilescombe, was bound over to keep the peace in two sureties of £40 each, andhimself in £80, and in default to be committed to gaol for three months, for threatening his mother's life. Bail not being forthcoming, he was taken to Wiviles combe Police Station. When the policeman car ried in hiB breakfaBt, he found him in an apoplectic fit. Medical assistance was soon obtained, but he never rallied, and exriroil on Tuesday night. Wivilcscombe was thrown into an uproar on Thurs day evening by the report that ho was still alive, and a carpenter was sent for to open the coflin. Two respectable women declared that they saw young Lock, without coffin, standing on the other Bide headless, and coming to waids them, when they rushed from tho room in hysterics, and doctors were obliged to be in attendance upon them. The coffin was opened for the satisfaction of tho public, snd the corpse found within. — English Papa: 