SOUTH AUSTRALIAN PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. Tuesday, November 26. The President took the chair at 2 o'clock. THE HOMEWARD MAIL. The Hon. J. H. BARROW asked the Hon. the Chief Secretary whether his attention had been called to the fact of an accident having happened to the Wonga Wonga, and whether any steps bad been taken by the Government to ensure the forwarding of the mail, so as to catch the con- tract packet. The Hon. the CHIEF SECRETARY replied that the Go- vernment were aware of the accident to the Wonga Wonga, although they had not received full particular«. Just before he came to the House, he saw the Post master-General, who informed him that an accident had occurred, and he had sent a message to the Port to see what could be done. He then requested the Postmaster-General to go himself to the Port and to take the Master of the Marine Board with bim to ascertain the extent of the injury sustained by the Wonga Wonga, and the possibility of getting the damage speedily repaired, or of making some arrangements for the despatch of the mail. He had himself called at the offices of the agents for the Lubra and the Marion, to ascertain if either of those vessels was available for tbe service. He regretted to say that he was there informed that the Lubra had also met with an accident, so as to be obliged to come up yesterday under canvas, and tbe Marion was not considered a vessel of sufficient strength to be sent on such a voyage. He then called at the Tele- graph Office and left a message to be forwarded to Mel- bourne, but unfortunately there was a break in the wire. The message would, however, be forwarded to the last station with orders for a special messenger to be sent on to the next station, hoping- that the message transmitted in that way might reach Melbourne before the Benares left. The message was to the Postmaster- General in Melbourne, requesting him to direct the Benares to call at Kanguroo Island, where the mails and passengers would be waiting her. The answer to that message might possibly arrive while the House was sitting, when he would at once make the House acquainted with it. The Hon. J. H. BARROW said, as all hon. members might not be acquainted with what the Government knew, perhaps the Hon. the Chief Secretary would state further what portion of the telegraph line was broken, and whether, as was reported, the Wonga Wonga had really lost her screw. The Hon. the CHIEF SECRETARY would be happy to give all the information in his power. Mr. Todd was not quite sure where the break in the communication was, but thought it was beyond Warrnambool, and the distance might be five miles or it might be 60, from there to the next station. The screw of the Wonga Wonga was lost, but it was thought she might have a spare screw on board ; a message had, however, been sent to the Port, reminding them that there was a screw formerly belonging to the Admella, which might be made available. As to the remedy of the misfortune some were of opinion that the steamer would have to be taken on to the slip, while others thought that the shifting of the cargo and coals torwanl would raise her stern sufficiently to enable the screw to be replaced, in which case, if the screw fitted she might proceed on her voyage to-morrow. (Hear, hear,) _ The Hon. A. FORSTER had understood that an officer of the Government had gone to the Port confident that he would be able to put matters right-was the Hon. the Chief Secretary aware that that was the case? The Hon. the CHIEF SECRETARY said the hon. member appeared to know more than he knew about the matter. The Government were anxious for the fullest in- formation, and perhaps the bon. gentleman could give them some. The Government did not think they could from the information they possessed interfere any further than they had done. The Hon. G. C. EVERARD would state that it was within his knowledge that a gentleman in the employ of Government has asked the Commissioner of Public Works to allow him to go down to the Port to see what he could do. He shewed the Commissioner what he understood was the matter, and said if he were correct in his conjecture he could put it right in a few hours. The Hon. the CHIEF SECRETARY said perhaps the Son. member would favor the House by stating the name of the gentleman to whom he íeferred. The Hon. G. C. EVERARD said it was Mr. C. S. Hare, the Manager of Railways. (Laughter.) The Hon. W. SCOTf-Then it is within a hair's breadth of being accomplished, (Laughter. ) THE RAILWAY CONTRACTS. The Hon. J. M. SOLOMON said he did not rläe to move the motion standing in his name, but to ask leave to with- draw it. The PRESIDENT said if the hon. member did not move it, it would lapse. The Hon. J. M. SOLOMON wished to offer some explana- tion as to why he withdrew it. The PRESIDENT said he could not do so without a motion were before the House. The Hon. J. M. SOLOMON would then, to give him the opportunity of speaking, move that the House at its rising adjourn ¿until 3 o'clock to-morrow. With reference to his motion, he would say, that he had endeavoured to get posi- tive information from the parties interested in the railway contracts as to the incorrectness of the statement that there was collusion between them when they tendered. He had n-ot it from one, but not from the other two, although they Bad promised to supply it to him in time to bring it before the House. He had therefore seen reason to change his opinion. He had reason to believe that he had been deceived ; it was therefore not worth while to trouble the House to appoint a Select Committee to enquire into the matter. When he tabled the motion he believed that the charge of collusion brought against the parties who tendered for the contracts was unfounded, and his only desire was to do them justice, but he had failed to get from them a positive denial that they had been misrepresented in another place, and he therefore felt bound to abandon the case. The Hou. A. FORSTER wished to make a few remarks on the motion. The PRESIDENT said the lion, member could not do so unless he seconded the motion, as it had not been seconded. The Hon. A. FORSTER would then second the motion. The Hon. Mr. Solomon had told the House that he coull not get a denial to statements which had been made else- where respecting the collusion between the contractors. He would refer to Messrs. Martin, Gaedechens,&Co.;'s published letter professing to deny any connection with Messrs. Fuller & Co. He thought it his duty to state that Mr. Gaedechens called on him with that letter, and he told him on reading it that he did not consider it a full and clear denial, but Mr. Gaedechens told him in reply that he desired to state, in the strongest language he could employ, that he had no connection whatever with Fuller & Co. in reference to the contract. He thought it right to state what he hadheaid, so that any hon. member might deny or confirm the statement as he pleased. The Hon. H. AYERS must oppose the motion, and re- gretted thit the Hon. Mr. Solomon had felt it necessary to make any remarks on the subject, as he had not brought forward his motion in the usual way. He thought that course placed Messrs. Fuller & Co. in an unfair position. He was glad the Hon. Mr. Forster had made the statement he had with respect to the letter of Mr. Gaedechens. It was not quite so clear as it might be, but some allowance should be made for him as he was not an Englishman, and might not be able to state so emphatically as he wished that which he wanted to express. The Hon. the CHIEF SECRETARY said it was neces- sary to make only one remark in consequence of what the Hon. Mr. Forster had said. That hou. gentleman seemed desirous that the House should understand that Mr. Gaede chen's published letter was in accordance with the private conversation which he had held with the hon. member. He could state that the Government had it in their power, from the evidence of partners in the firm of H. R. Fuller and Co., that Messrs. Martin, Gaedechens and Co.'s tender represented Messrs. Fuller and Co. The Hon. J. M. SOLOMON would state further in ex- planation, that having to go to the Port that morning he was unable to see Messrs. Fuller and Co., but he left a note for Mr. Fuller asking him for a written denial of the statements which had been made ; on his return from the Port he saw Mr. Fuller, who promised to send him the written denial, but he had sent only a printed circular. Mr. Fuller told him that he was afraid of an action being brought against him by Messrs. Martin, Gaedechens and Co. He (Mr. Solomon) had seen Mr. Gaedechens about a week ago on the subject, and he looked upon him as one of the parties for whom he appeared. He had asked Mr. Gaedechens for a denial of the statement, and could get no direct answer from him. He saw him again yesterday, and told him he must let him have the denial, ii he intended to do so at all, to-day. Mr. Hill, one of the partners of the firm of H. R Fuller & Co., told him (Mr. Solomon) that Messrs. Martin, Gaedechens, & Co. knew all about Messrs. Fuller & Co.'s tender, and so did Mr. Mount joy, Mr. Fuller's brother-in-law. That was why he felt it his duty to withdraw the motion,'when he found there was truth in the assertion made elsewhere that there was a col- lusion between the tenderers. The PRESIDENT said, before he put the question to the Council, ho wished it to be distinctly understood that in doing so he was acting on the motion of the Council, which affirmed that any discussion could take place on a motion for adjourn- ment; the inconvenience of such a principle was nevermore distinctly shewn than in the extraordinary discussion which had just taken place on the motion that the House should adjourn until 3 o'clock to-morrow. An irregulardiscussion had taken place, and the character of Individuals had been assailed without any opportunity being afforded of reply. However, the House having established the principle it was his duty to put the motion. The motion was then put and negatived. THE MAIL. The Hon. the CHIEF SECRETARY informed the House that his telegraphic message had reached Warrnambool, and would be forwarded by a special messenger to the next station, which was at Hexham, 37 miles from Warr- nambool. ". _ In reply to the Hon. J. MonpnETT, the Hon. the CHIEF SECRETARY stated that the message had only reached Warrnambool within the last quarter of an hour. ORDERS OF THE DAY. Tile Hon. the CHIEF SECRETARY asked permission to bring l'orwaid those Orders of the Day first, which related to the third readings of Bills, in order that they might be disposed of. Leave was granted. The Hon. 7f. M. SOLOMON wished to ask the President if in making the motion which he had, he violated any of the Standing Orders of the House? He was anxious to observe those Standing Orders, and if he had not done so, he would feel obliged if the President would inform him. The PRESIDENT had already said that the Council had affirmed the principle that any discussion could take place on a motion for adjournment, and great latitude had been taken ; he was aware that considerable latitude was allowed in the Imperial Parliament, and even discussion might take place on the foreign policy of the Government, hut he was not aware that subjects were introduced reflecting on the character of individuals. DRAINAGE FROM MINES IULL. The Drainage from Mines Bill was, on the motion of the Hon. CHIEF SECRETARY, read a third time, passed, and forwarded to the Housejof Assembly, with a message, re- questing the concurrence of that House in the amendments of the Council. ELECTORAL LAWS AMENDMENr BILL. The Hon. the CHIEF SECRETARY moved the third read- ing of the BUL The Hon. J. H. BARROW had no objection to the third reading of the Bill, but before it was passed he wished to state his opinion that if representation were to be according to the population, the City of Adelaide should return at least five members. ROADS AMENDMENT BILL, 18G1. In Committee. Clause 8. The Hon. the CHIEF SECRETARY proposed the addi- tion of words to the clause providing for the power of appeal to the Local Court nearest the road to be closed. He also proposed the striking out of other words. The amendments were agreed to, and the clause passed as amended. Clause !) passed as read. Clause io passei with amendments. Clause li passed as read. Clauses 12 to 14 passed with amendments. Clauses is and 16 passed as read. Schedules A to G passed with amendments. Schedules H and I passed as read. Preamble passed with a verbal amendment. The CHAIRMAN then reported the Bill. The Report was adopted, and the third reading of the Bill was made an Order of the Day for the next day. REAL PROPERTY BILL, 1861. In Committee. The Hon. the CHIEF SECRETARY moved the recom- mittal of clause 103, for the purpose of adding the following words :-" Provided that no person shall be permitted to practise as a surveyor under the provisions of this Act, unless specially licensed by the Surveyor-General." The amendment was agreed to, and the clause passed accordingly. Clause 115. The Hon. the CHIEF SECRETARY said that there were other things besides fraud which would affect the title to land, and he therefore proposed to insert the following words after the word "person"-"who may have contracted to purchase such land ;" he would then strike out all the words alter " fraud" as far as the word " land." the amendment!! were agreed io. and the clause passed accordingly. PRIVILEGE. , , t tl _. The CHAIRMAN drew attention to the fact that the Messenger was standing with his back to the Chair, ann waa conversing with the Hon. the Chief Secretary, the mover of a motion, during the progress of that motion. He waa doing what no lion, member would be permitted to do, ana he (the Chairman) could not permit such irregularities to take place in that House. They were departing from the good old fashioned rules, and he was surprised that any hon. member could allow such a want of respect to the Chair to be exhibited by an officer of the House. The Hon. the CHIEF SECRETARY was under the im- pression that the officers of the House were under the con- trol of the President, and not ot the members ; it would therefore be the duty of the Prcsideut to check any irregu- larities, and not that of a member. The CHAIRMAN thought they would not take place if they were not encouraged. Hon. members should draw his attention to them, and not leave him to allude to them first DEBATE RESUMED. The Hon. the CHIEF SECRETARY moved the inser- tion of the following clause between danses 142 and 143 : "Local Courts of Full Jurisdiction shall have jurisdiction to try all actions of ejectment in respect of all land under the provisions of this Act, and all other actions in respect of such land, in the same manner as though the words ' Real Property Act. 1861.' were substituted for the words 'Real Property Act, i860,' in the Local Court Act, i860." Marginal note.-"Local Courts to have jurisdiction in actions of ejectment in certain cases." The clause was agreed to ana passed. The preamble was then passed, and the CHAIRMAN re- ported the Bill, the report was adopted, and the third read- ing of the Bill was made an Order of the Day for ths next day. MUNICIPAL CORPORATIONS BILL. Clause 25. The Hon. G. C. EVERARD moved the recommittal of clause 25 for the purpose of proposing an amendment giving the Presid'ng Officer the power of questioning any voter as to his identity. The amendment was agreed to, and the clause passed as amended. Clause 29. The Hon. G. C. EVERARD moved the recommittal of the 29th clause for the purpose of moving that " fourteen" (days' notice) be struck out and seven be inserted. The amendment was agreed to, and the clause passed accordingly. Clause 32. The Hon. the CHIEF SECRETARY moved that clause 32 be struck out. He thought it not right that a candidate should be elected for more tuan ward, and it was likely to lead to confusion. The Hon. J. H. BARROW would support the strlkingout ofthat clause : he saw no reason why a candidate should be allowed to contest four wards at once and afterwards elect which he would stand for; such a course would not be allowed in elections for the Legislature. Clause 66. The Hon. the CHIEF SECRETARY was sorry the Hon. Mr. Ayers was not in his place, as he believed he had in- tended to more the recommittal of that clause. But in the meantime he would formally move that the clause stand as read, and the Hon. Mr. Ayers could afterwards, if he wished, move the recommittal of the clause. The Hon. J. M. SOLOMON thought the Government should let it be known how much of the Park Lands they required. The Hon. G. C. EVERARD said, if the ht>n. member referred to Schedule D, he would see that it was 312 acres. The Hon. J. M. SOLOMON considered that to refer to the quantity at present reserved. The lion. G. TINLINE referred to the rifle butts and ranges, and thought there should be some restriction. The Hon. J. M. SOLOMON produced a map of the City and Park Lands in 1851, showing that the 312 acres wera reserved then. The Hon. the CHIEF SECRETARY said it was desirable that the Government should have control over the Park Lands for military purposes ; the cattle which strayed across the ranges had been occasionally in danger-(laughter) and perhaps the volunteers might have had some fears for their own safety from the cattle. (Laughter.) The control of the Park Lands by the Government was solely required for military purposes. The proposal had been brought for- ward in the other House at the suggestion of the volunteers. He regretted the Hon. Mr Ayers was not in his place, as he might have proposed an amendment more in accordance with the views of the House. The Hon. J. H. BARROW thought the Hon. Dr. Everard was under a mistake as to the butts on the South Park Lands being included in Schedule D ; but whose were the butts? Not the Corporation's. If he (Mr. Barrow) supposed the Government were likely to take advantage of the power by bnildiug on, or shutting up the Park Lands, he would oppose it, but i the Government had not the power the Corporation would have it. There was a necessity for some land for military evolutions, and that should be under the control of the Go- vernment. The striking out of the proviso would place it In the power of the Corporation. The Hon. J. M. SOLOMON had no wish to prevent the Government from having the control of the Park Lands, but he still thought they should be under the conservation of the Corporation. The Hon. J. H. BARROW would move that the word« "appropriate and set apart" be struck out, and the folio wing words inserted, " take under their temporary control and use." Clauses 71 to 73 passed as read. Clause 76 passed with an amendment. Clauses 77 to 81 passed as read. Clause 82 passed with an amendment. Clauses 83 to 112 passed as read. Clause 113 passed with a verbal amendment. Clauses 114 and 115 passed as read. Clause 116 passed with a verbal amendment. Clauses 117 to 137 passed as read. Clause 133. "Buildings, partitions, ceilings, and verandahs of inflammable materials prohibited." The Hon C. DAVIES said he would like that ckuse to he differently worded. As it stood at present the effect would be to cause the papering of walls or ceilings to be prohibited entirely, and no rafters of timber could be used in the roof._ The Hon. the CHIEF SECRETARY agreed to strike out the words "and roof." The clause was passed as amended. Clauses 139 to 150 passed as read. Clause l61 passed with a verbal amendment. Clause 152 passed as read. Clause 133 "Principles on which assessment shall be made." The Hon. G. C. EVERARD proposed the alteration of the per centage from six to five per cent The amendment was agreed to, and the clause puied accordingly. Clauses 154 to 156 passed as reach Clause 157 passed with a verbal amendment. Clauses 158 to l63 passed as read. Clause 164 struck out. Clause id passed as read. Clause 166 passed with a literal amendment. Clauses 167 to 196 passed as read. Clause 197 passed with a verbal amendment. Clauses 198 to 201 passed as read. Clause 202 passed with a verbal amendment. Clauses 203 to 212 passed as read. Clause 213 passed with amendments. Clause 214 passed as read. . ._ Clause 215 passed with amendments. Clauses 216 to 219 passed as read. Schedules A, B, C, passed as read. Schedule D passed with amendments. Schedules E, F, and G, passed as read. Schedule H, passed with a verbal amendment. Schedule J, passed as read. Schedule K, passed with a verbal amendment. Schedule L. The Hon. G. C. EVERARD wished to add wordi to that Sortion of the schedule referring to injuries to the Park ¡ands, inflicting a penalty for "depositing broken bottles or other rubbish." Carried. The preamble was passed as read. The CHAIRMAN reported the Bill with amendments. The report was adopted, and the third reading of the Bill was made an Order of the Day for the next day. ADJOURNMENT. The Council adjourned at a quarter to 5 until 2 o'clock tha next day. HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Tuesday, November 26. The Speaker took the chair at half-past l o'clock. PETITIONS. Mr. TOWNSEND presented a petition from Mr. Samuel Stocks, praying that the House would take steps to uphold the law as relating to the issue of mineral leases» Received and read. THE RAILWAY CONTRACT. The COMMISSIONER OF PUBLIC WORKS laid on the table a copy of a letter received from Mr. Hill, naming his sureties for the peiformance of the goods contract. Ordered to be printed. PETRIFIED ABORIGINAL. Mr. MAGAREY asked whether the Commissioner of Crown Lands intended to take steps to prevent the removal from the colony of the petrified body of an aboriginal found in the caves at Mount Gambier. (Laughter.) The COMMISSIONER OF CROWN LANDS said that the question had been submitted to the Crown Solicitor as to whether Mr. Craig had not laid himself open to a criminal indictment in removing the body but no opinion had as yet been given. While he was Commissioner of Crown Lands he should certainly see that steps were taken to prevent scientific removals of this kind from being made. (Hear, hear.) THE MAILS. Mr. TOWNSEND asked whether it was true that the Wonga Wonga had hroken down, and if so, what steps the Government intended to take for the conveyance of the mails to King George's Sound. The TREASURER replied, that so soon as the accident to the Wonga Wonga had become known, the Postmaster General had gone to the Port and ascertained that the vessel had dropped her screw, and that] the injuries were too serious to enable her to take the mails in time to meet the steamer. The Government had, therefore, at once en- deavored to communicate with the Government of Victoria, but misfortunes of course never come alone, and it happened that some accident had happened to the telegraph lina between Warrnambool and the stations in the Victorian province. However, a special messenger had been dis- patched to endeavor to obtain communication ; and as the Benares had not arrived in Hobson's Bny on Monday afternoon, it was possible that they might be in time. They had asked the Victorian Government whether on this occa- sion the Benares might be allowed to call at Kangaroo Island to take the South Australian mails, and he expected momentarily to receive a reply. MARKSMEN'S MEDALS. Mr. MILNE asked whether the Treasurer could now answer his question in reference to the issue of medals to marksmen during the ensuing year? The TREASURER said that the matter was at präsent under consideration by the proper authorities, and that he should not be in a position to answer the question until the following day. THE VALEDICTORY ADDRESS. The SPEAKER reported that he had waited upon Hi« Excellency the Governor and asked him when be would be 'pleased to receive a valedictory address from that House, and His Excellency fixed Friday next, at halt-past 2, as the time to receive the address. WANT OF CONFIDENCE MOTION-ADJOURNED DEBATE. Mr. DUTTON said amoDgst the numerous returns which were published from time to time in that Parliament, he thought nothing could be more amusing or insttuctive to future historians, as if the Speaker would give instructions to the clerks to prepare it, a statement showing the various ministerial convulsions which had from time to time taken place. (Laughter.) nero they were again In the middle of another storm, and it was only about three weeks ago since they emerged from a similar, if not a worse diffi- culty. He could easily imagine that the lion. Treasurer was extremely anxious to favor the'House with his thunders ol' eloquence, and, therefore, he would not then make a long speech. In consequence of some remarks which had fallen from hon. members, however, he should drop a few ingredients into that kettle of broth which the boa. member for Gumeracha had prepared for the Ministry to swullow. whether they liked it or not. He had listened attentively to nearly all the speeches, and more, he had read them carefully since they had been in print, and the conclusion lie carne to was, that there was a great deal to be said on both sides of the ques- tion. The Treasurer, however, must, he thought, know that all this disagreeableness was brought on by himself. (Oh.) He believed that the main cause of it was, that the truthful- ness of official statements put forth by the Ministry hsd been so often called in question. (Name.) Well, in the very outset of the speech ot the hon. member for Gumeracha, he had said words to the effect-" that what the Treasurer stated was therefore not true." Surely that waa a gross contradiction of the bon. member's statement, anil lie believed that it was such cirjumstances that tended to damage him so greatly in the eyes of hN supporters. Then again, at a District Council meeting lately-(hear)-a state- ment officially put forward by Hie Treasurer had been flatly contradicted. Of course the lion, gentleman wonld have an opportunity of explaining both those cases-(hear)-and ho hoped that he would do so satisfactory, ns otherwise an effect injurious to him would of course be produced. ( Hear.) Ho did not think, however, that the lion, member for Gumeracha had made a very strong case out against the Government. He had spoken somewhat warmly Upon the question of Ministerial equality. For his own \- (Mr. Dutton's) part he thought it would perhaps be better ii the Ministry would adhere to the gradations and emolu- ments laid |down in the Constitution Act He himself pre- ferred that as the law, to the new fangled schemes of any Ministry. He believed, however, that the present Chief Secretary's iufluence in the Cabinet was very great. He believed thatthe hon. gentleman occupied his true position there as head of the Government, and from what he knew of the lion, gentleman he believed he would not continue to hold office if he dirt not. If, however, any censure did fall upon anyone, he believed it would fall upon the Ministry as a hody. The hon. member had raked up in reference to this motion the Boothby question, and he felt that he had greatly complimented him (Mr. Dutton) in so doing, because the hon. member had seen lit to reproduce the remarks which he had. made on a former occasion, and which were previously in print. Now, though he strongly censured on that occasion the Government for the part they hart taken on that ques- tion-(hear)-though no one felt more strongly than he that they should have had a united policy ou so important a question-and though he had entertained the strongest teelings of indignation that they had not such a policy, nevertheless he must say that the bon. member for Gumeracha should have been the last to have brought this up as a reason why a vote of" want of confidence should be passed on the present Ministry. (Hear.) Why, the hon. member was himself oue of the arch conspirators who had got up the excitement on that question. (Laughter.) He was one of the mob who lived at Mitcham-(laughter) -and used to meet in the porch of the Church after Divine Service-(loud laughter)-and who put their heads together, and thus lramed resolutions, aud had singled out the hon. member, Mr. Moorhouse, to bring the matter before the House. (Laughter.) That this question should now be made by the hon. member for Gumeracha a point of attack against the Ministry was one of the strangest things lie had ever listened to in that House. And now as to immigration, he was asked to say that he liad no confidence in the present Government, because their votes were said to have been antagonistic to their speeches upon this question. He quite agreed with this. He quite agreed that the actions and speeches of lion, members did them no credit ; still the speech of the hon. member elsewhere was in every respect a good and a loyal one, and he could not, therefore, vote against him on this question. (Hear.) And whilst he was referring to the subject, he might say that his vote also would have been in favor of the motion. He was as strongly in favor of a proper system of immigration as any man well could be, but lie should be the last to undertake it at pre- sent under the public expense. He had understood when elected-he only spoke for himself of course-that the question of public immigration was settled until another election took place, and he should not be one to vote tlic public money now lor such a purpose, without meeting his constituents and telling them what he meant to do. This was an important question, and one upon which they had all had to run the gauntlet at the last election. He could not, however, vote for immigration at the public ex- pense, and, therefore, he did not see that this was so strong a point against the Ministry. (Hear.) Then there was the Balarles question. He was indeed sorry that such a question ibould now be brought up against the Government. He did not think this was a matter such as they should turn a Ministry out upon. (Hear, hear.; He liked to see fair play everywhere, both in the House and out of the House. This salaries questa, ii had been discussed and the House had ex- pressed an opinion upon it. He, forone, hadcensured the Trea- surer as much as any hon. member upon the question, for he certainly thought he had acted with extreme impro- priety on the question ; but he thought, after what had passed, that the matter should not have been brought for- ward again. Then there was the railway goods contract question ; and as the hoa member seemed to nave raked up .every little point on this question against the Ministry, he might mention that he wondered the Woods case had not been brought up. (Hear.) He thought there had been no greater case of oppression than that same Woods case. (Hear.) He thought there had been a want of bona fideness in reference to the railway contract. He had listened with great pleasure to the hon. member (Mr. Duibeld). That ion. member had administered a severe philippic to the Go- vernment in his remarks on that case. He certainly thought no Ministry should do in a case like that what he would not have done in his private capacity. All he could say was that he considered Mr. Fuller had not been well treated. Then, again, the hesitation of the Government in giving all the information which was required of them, told much against them. The conduct of the Manager of Rail- ways, also, in stirring up strife aud writing letters between the partners looked bad, and did not say much for the con- duct of the Hon. Commissioner of Public Works who had the matter in charge. They bad been told that three tenders had been sent in, and that all three were from Fuller andCo.,thoughoneofthemonly was sign ed by Martin, Gaede- chens, & Co. Then, again, some further liçht had been thrown upon this subject by the publication of a letter from Martin, Gaedechens, & Co. The lion, member here read the letter which has appeared in the newspapers-a letter % In which that firm express themselves highly aggrieved that » they had not had the same opportunity ot sending in a fresh tender, which was granted to a person who had not ten- dered in the first instance. He (Mr. Dutton) thought it very Btrange that the department of Public Works had " only found out within the last few days that it was neces- sary to make some calculation as to what it would cost the Government if they took the goods traffic into their own hands-how many horses it would take, how many carts, how many men, &c.; What had the late lion. Commissioner of Public Works been about for the last twelve months, that he had not long since seen the necessity of being prepared for such a contingency; he knew that the contract ?would end some time this year, yet nothing what- ever was done to let Fuller & Co. see that the Government were not entirely dependent upon Fuller and his partners, and Fuller oí course took advantage of his being possessed of a perfect pluiir, and all the experience necessary to conduct such a business. He (Mr. Dutton) thought great negligence had been shown by the lion, member for Gumeracha (Mr. Hay) when he was Commissioner of Public Works, not to have been quite prepared for the con- tingency which actually had happened, neither did he (Mr. Dutton) agree in the very questionable sentiments pro- pounded by the hon. member for Gumeracha (Mr. Hay) on Friday, ana which drew from the hon. member for Barossa (Mr. Dnffield) the admirable and not a bit too severe philippic which he administered to the former. (Hear, near.) Now, he (Mr. Dutton) would shortly glance at the other side of the question affecting this motion. He (Mr. Dutton) had not been consulted about the matter, which of itself was of no cousequence, excepting iu so far as the exercise of his vote was concerned ; any lion, member might table a notice of motion of such a nature that an in- dependent member might fiud it undesirable to vote against it, but it did not by any means follow that if he did not vote . against it he must of necessity vote for it. No man would throw away an old pair of boots, although there might be a \- 'few holes and patches in them-(great laughter)-before he bad provided himself with a new pair. Now, he (Sir. Dutton) would not like to cast off the Ministerial old boots until he had satisfied himself that the Opposition new " boots would fit properly, and doas good service as the old ones. (Cheers and laughter.) For the sake of argument, he would admit that the present Ministers were a bad lot, but what security had he that the new lot would be a * bit better. (Laughter and hear hear). That was the dilemma in which he was placed, from the fact that be was in a blissful state of ignorance as to whom . the reins of Government were to be handed over to ; ot course there were plenty of aspirants to office, but singu- larly enough, he had been told that the House would not have this member, that member, and other members ; all tbiB increased his perplexity; there Beemcd to be no . party having the confidence of the House, ready formed to replace the present Ministry-(hear, hear),-and of course no policy ; then how could his hon. friend the mover expect that he (Mr. Dutton) shonld vote for his motion?- (IIear, bear), Was it only for the fun oí having another mi iste rial crisis?-(laughter)-another week of negotiations? (hear, hear) and he could jus/, imagine the possibility; after it had been lound that no new Ministry could be formed, of the mover and the Treasurer rushing into each other , « arms in fraternal embrace-(great laughter) - forgetting and \- forgiving all that had been said on both sides-(continued laughter)-and the affair ending by the bon. member for Gumeracha taking his seat on the Treasury benches aa Com- missioner of Public Works in the place of the present occupant of that office. (Cheers, and fireat laughter.) It was, morever, hardly in good taste for the lion, mover to bring forward such a motion, when it appeared from the statement of two of the ministers that the lion, member had been on the point of joining the present Ministry only a few dayB ago, whom he now wished the House to declare had not got the confidence of the House. (Hear, hear.) Should this motion be carried, he (Mr. Dutton) would decidedly advise the Ministry not to go out upon it-(hear, hear. and oh)-the parties are uow so .equally divided in the House that no Govern- ment could be carried on by a new Ministry; a dis- solution of the House would be inevitable, and they would ? then lose the benefit for three years of the new Electoral Act. ("Hear, hear.) He (Mr. Dutton) believed he had done good service to the country by moving the adjournment of the debate on Friday-(cheers, and no, no)-and the hono- rable the Speaker had done better service still by giving his casting vote in favor of the Ayes, by which lion, members had time given to them to reflect on botli sides of the question, as he (Mr. Dutton) hart done during the interval from Friday to Tuesday. (Cheers.) Mr, BAGOT would pay a very few words on the question before the House. He regretted exceedingly to hear the Bpeech which had been made by his lion, colleague who had tait sat down. The hon. member seemed to be very much offended because he had not been consulted on the question as to which post he was to take in the new Ministry which should be lormed. He thought the course taken by the lion, member was not »fair one, and that It would have been mneh more credit- able had lie come boldly forward and voted for the Ministry. He bad understood from his colleague that he did not intend to vote against the motion. Why, then, did the lion, mem- ber come down to the House on Friday night and do that which, in the present state of parties, appeared to be tanta- mount to a vote lor the Ministry. The action of the lion. member had enabled the Government-if his information was correct-to send coaches and four for ?ome lion, mem- bers, and orderlies after others. It this was the case the hon. member had certainly " kept the word of promise to 'the ear,''-well, he would not repeat the remainder of the sentence. His colleague hud said that no member was more in favor of immigration than he was, but that it hart been a clear understanding at most of the late elections that the question Miould be placed on the shelf until after another election. He would give the most unqualified denial to that statement as far as his own election was concerned, and as far as the speeches and address of himself and his lion, colleague went. At the time of tlie late election the coun- try waa undoubtedly suffering from the bad harvest, and in consequence of the difficulty of getting the pioperkind of laborers to do the woik in the provincial aistricta many persona were out of work. The result was, that there was a general feeling throughout the country that immigration * should be suspended, but now when he found that there were no men looking for employment, that one of his constituents-a large farmer-had been deserted by his old laboréis, and after waiting lor some weeks the result of his application to the labor office, had been told there was not a single man to be had-when they saw these things he said the Ministry should have come forward with a settled policy on this question of immigra- tion. (Hear, hear.) When that question was recently intro- duced by a private member, tlie Attorney-General got up and, with his usual eloquence, made certain statements which induced him (Mr. Bagot) to suppose that the Government would oppose the resumption of immigration. What, then. bad been his /surprUe to fiud the Government voting with himself in support ol tlie lion, member's (Mr. Peacock's) amendment, which was much more strongly in favor of the resumption of immigration than the amendment of the hon. member (Mr. Milne). (Hear, hear.) Tlie Government on that occasion spoke one way and voted another. If it had been the only occasion when they )md donoso he might have been disposed to pass it over, and Bay that they nijgljt for once be allowed to change their minds. But when he Ijad seen tlie Treasurer come forward on the Boothby question, which his hon. colleague thought was settled-("No" from Mr. Dutton)-well the hon. member's ¿peech lud him to euppose so-(laughter)-when he saw tlie 1'ieasuier come forward and assert high constitution il vie«,s as to the position ol tlie Judge, and when nine days afterwaids he saw the 'Treasurer come down and make use of language, borrowed appaiently fiotn a celebrated meeting at While's Rooms, lan« unge against the Judge, and against the principles he liai asserted before-what could he any but that the Treasurer was endeavoring to trim his action to the popular voice? lie was torry to say that he believed when the Treasurer found there was a majority aeainst him, he valued pla»'higher than principle. (No, no, and hear.) On these points there had been so mucli oscillation on the part of the Government that he could not have the con- fidence in them he would have wished. Then, as to the ?danes' question-the Tieasurer had not come forward in a bold and manly manner to meet the charges brought against him, but he induced the hon. member lor West Torrens. Well, he would not say that-biit that the hon. member, who was such a Btaunch supporter of the Government, did come forward and move the previous question. Under such cir- cumstances the stigma, it stigma there wa», remained, and the question was as much open now as ever. (Hear, hear.) The fact was that a short time after tlie Government, of which he was a member, caine into power, it was found that some reduetiun was necessary in the expenses of Government, and it was determined ttiat the ministerial salaries amongst others should be decreased. At that time the Treasurer very properly cane iorward and sairt thal it was an agreement with fl)e Ministers that they should each receive only .£890 per " smuum, and that Hie balances should be paid back into the Treasury. That wai, a matter of honor, and for one year it was carried out, but afterwards, for what reason lie could not tell, and without any intimation being given to the House, the compact was broken and the lull salaries were retnined alter the Ministers had go»e out pf QUlçe. Alter that ho could not say that he had confidence iu the Ministry. It was not a matter of £ e. d.. buta matter of honor, ot principle, and it was the duty of the Treasurer as an honorable man and a Minister of the Crown, to have told the House that the change had been made. It hau pleased tlie Commissioner bf Public Works, who had opened the ball on behalf of the Government, on the principle, he supposed, that the weakest leg should be the foremost, to make a distinct personal attack upon bim (Mr. Bagot), ine Commissioner of Public Works stated that he (Sir. Bagot) had lowered his position by accepting the Commissioner ship of Crown Lauds in a former Ministry. Undoubtedly he did lower his position by accepting office beneath the¡pre- sent Commissioner of Crown Lands ; hut the Commissioner of Public Works was as well aware as he was of the circum- stances under which he accepted that office. Day after day the Treasurer solicited him to accept that office, and day after day he refused to do so, until at last he consented to do so from personal friendship to the "treasurer. He was sure the Treasurer, who had always been straight- forward and outspoken in such matters, would confirm what he had stated. He was quite sure the lion. Commis- sioner of I'ublic Works would not lower his position by ac- cepting office beneatli any member of that House. (Oh, and laughter.) Why the lion, gentleman had attained that position he could not tell, unless it was that the Trea- surer had gone upon the principle of taking into the Ministry his whipper-in, who did bid his dirty work. (On.) He did not use the term in an offensive sense-(oh)-but he really knew of no other reason. He would certainly con- sider himself degraded if he did not stand higher in tne face oí the country than the lion. Commissioner of Public Works. The hon. member, Mr. Magarey, had also made an attack upon him. He remembered when he was much younger than he was now, he went behind the scenes of a theatre when "Hamlet" was being performed. (Laughter.) He would not go to such a place now-(oh, and renewed laughter)-and he was astonished to hear the ghost of Ham- let's father make a very witty remark, and to see him drink a pint of porter. He was not less horrified then than he was when on Friday last the bon. member, Mr. Magarey, commenced to make jokes. The ghost with his sombre habiliments and red beard, was to his mind very like the lion, member, Mr. Magarey, on Friday last. (Oh.) He did not intend what he said in any offensive sense. If the lion, member had consulted some of the occupants of the Trea- sury benches, he would have found that there was no abso- lute necessity that he, Mr. Bagot, should take the post of Attorney-General, because he had no doubt either the present Attorney-General or the Commissioner of Crown Lands would be very happy to fill that position in whatever Ministry might be formed. (Oh!) The Attor- ney-General, who had been very severe on the lion, member (Mr. A. Blyth) had no arguments to offer in defence of the Ministry. On the contrary, he attempted to draw attention from the question at issue by a vigorous and sarcastic attack on the hou. member for Gumeracha. The Attorney General said the hon. member was willing to join him and the Treasurer in the Ministry, but how did that knowledge come to him ? If the private statements and correspondence of lion, members was to be brought forward in this manner, where was it to end ? What confidence could they have in tlie Government if the Attorney-General was to relate statements that should be strictly private. ("No, from the Attorney-General; "Hear," from Mr. A. Blyth) It negotiations of this nature were going on were they not to be private? If they were to be brought forward at all, he trusted that the hon. member Mr. Blyth would consider himself absolved lrom any idea of privacy he might have entertained, and state the whole truth of the matter. He certainly regretted that the Treasurer had not asked the lion, member Mr. Blyth, and another member on that side of the House, to join the Government, instead of the present Commissioners, and he regretted that he would be com- pelled to say by his vote that he considered the Attorney Geueral and Treasurer ought not to retain their oflices. But he was compelled to sa7 so when he found them come for- ward to attempt to defend the action of the Commissioner of Public Works in the matter of the goods contract, and when he remembered their conduct with regard tJ the salaries and immigration questions. Considering this, the conduct of the Treasurer on the Boothby question, and the vacillating way In which the business of the country had been carried on, he must say he thought the time had arrived when the House should say it had no confidence in the Ministry. MESSAGES FROM THE LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. The SPEAKER announced the receipt of a message from the Legislative Council returning the Drainage of Mines Bill passed with amendments. The TREASURER moved that the message be printed, and the consideration of the amendments made an Order of the Day for Wednesday. Agreed to. The SPEAKER announced the receipt of a message from the Legislative Council tiansmitting the Electoral Law Act Amendment Bill agreed to with amendments. Mr. A. BLYTH moved that the message be printed, and the consideration of the amendments made an Order of the Day for Wednesday. Agreed to. WANT OF CONFIDENCE-DEBATE RESUMED. Mr. PARKIN said it was not his intention to say one word on this subjeot as he had thought the debate would have terminated on Friday night, but as the Speaker had wisely and impartially decided that the debate should be adjourned he would now offer a few remarks. He had often endeavored to seek in the debates in that House the amount of wisdom he had hoped to find in them, but had listened with disappointment. Recrimination had supplied the place of argument and good oratory. The qui st ion on this occasion was one of confidence in the Ministry. It involved a wide and sweeping proposition. (Hear.) 3 would be contrary to his conscience to say that he had no confidence in the Ministry-(hear, hear) and, therefore, he could not vote for the motion. To say that he had unlimited confidence in the Ministry would also be wrong. Ho had frequently been very much dissatis- fied with their conduct, but if a majority voted for the motion who were they'to have in their place? The hon. member (Mr. A Blyth) of course expected to be sent for, but of what materials could he form an Administration ? How incongruous those materials must be! There they were, all at sixes and sevens with regard to all the more impor- tant questions that could be brought forward. (Hear, hear.) What policy could the hon. member introduce? If he was to judge by the hon. member's antecedents, all his policy would be contrary to the wishes of the country at large. (Hear, hear.) There was the question of immigration. Some of the lion, member's supporters were for it at any cost, and others were altogether opposed to it. He did not con- sider himself at liberty to vote for the introduction of a large number of immigrants at the public expense, because the larger number of members of that House were íeturned on the distinct understanding that immigration should not be resumed during the present session. His own conclusion was that the hon. member, Mr. Blyth, wanted to oust the Ministry merely that he might get into power himself. It was not fair to make such an attuck at this period of the session. The bon. member had taken advantage of eertain recent events to catch the votes of a few unwary individuals. He had heard of cunning designs and confiding fools -not that he would for a moment apply such a term to any members of that House -but he thought there were designs afloat for overthrowing the Government, and he thought it was a selfish piece of business from beginning to end. (Hear hear, and laughter. J If he had the art to do it he would like to pourtroy these political movements upon canvass. The scene would be this-a Government wall with five sets of figures on one side of it- representing £1,300, £1,000, £900, £soo, and £800. Endeavouring to scale the wall from the other side, would be one huge individual-(loud laughter)-resting on the shoulders of two little men, one of whom would bear upon his back 'the inscription " Burra and Clare," and the other " the Port." (Renewed laughter). Another busy little man with the inscription " Lights and Shades" around his head, would be there, and a dark and slender figure would be gliding-(oh ! and loud laughter)-amongst the crowd, watching very intently for the result.-(Hear, hear.) Presently the huge individual would come down lump (Renewed laughter and a sarcastic cheer.) Well, the hon. member, Mr. Glyde, might supply the names if he knew who the description would fit. This attempt to oust the Govern- ment was made merely that others might slip in and enjoy the official salaries during the recess. (Oh !) So little confidence would he have in any Ministry that could be formed, that he would, if the motion was carried, be almost disposed to move a similar motion when the new Ministry came in. Although he disclaimed the most remote desire to occupy a place in the Government himself, he felt bound on this occasion to support the Ministry. (Hear, hear.) Mr. BAKEWELL said even if he had the necessary ability no one would suspect him of any expectation of forming one of any new Government. He had never sought from any Government any favor for himself or friends, and be bad never hesitated to vote against a Government whenever he had thought it was necessary to do so. He had voted with tlie minority on the immigration resolutions, and would do so again, because he objected to the introduction of useless and worthless persons at the public expense. He thought the Government acted in an unusual manner when they spoke one way and voted another. But nothing very criminal was done yet, for they had merely obtained authority to consider the question, and if they did consider it wisely and well he would be ready to consider any proposition they might make. No vote of money had yet been obtained from that House, and lie did not consider the Ministry were unworthy of his confidence for the action they had taken on this question. He was one of the number who had given counsel to the Chief Secretary that the present occupant ot the office of Commissioner of Crown Lands should retain that position, and he observed that the hon. member (Mr. A. Blyth) had not looked bo pleasant since then, al tough it might of course be owing to other causes. At the time the salaries question was first before the House, he had condemned the Ministers for having taken more than the £300, although he admitted if they took the whole amount provided in the Constitution Act, they would be only acting according to law. ne wished now to men- tion another circumstance in justice to one of his constitu- ents. A member of the firm of Martin, Gaedechens, and Co. had told him that he felt dissatisfied with the conduct of the Government, especially the Commissioner of Public Works, in stating verbally that a tender had been accepted for the goods contract, on the 28th of October, when it was afterwards proved that that was not the case. This member of the firm also gave his word of honour that the firm had no interest in any other tender sent in ; and further that, although as consular agents they had a good deal of correspondence with foreign Governments, they had never been treated before as they had been by the Government of South Australia. (Oh, oh, and laughter.) He had repeated this to the House as he Dad heard it but he did not become the advocate of the firm, as he had no wish to do so unless he could vouch for the truth of all that he advanced. No doubt the Government would be prepared to give a sufficient reply to the insinuations charged aga list them. He did not sympathise with the effort to expel the Ministry on the charges advanced. With these few remarks he considered it to be his duty to vote with the Government. (Hear, hear.) Mr. MILDRED, seeing the Treasurer about to rise, would allude to one or two questions of interest. He had been de- sirous of supporting the Government for the purpose of enabling them to carry out the policy introduced by the Treasurer, and if he could obtain a satisfactory answer from the Treasurer on one or two points, he would waive all other important considerations, rather than have a change of Ministry or a dissolution at the present time. He fully agreed with the objection to the Treasurer's conduct on the immigration question, to the want of tact evidenced in the management of the Public Works Department, and to the breach of honor on the part of the Treasurer on the salaries question. The TREASURER rose to order. The bon. member was charging him with a breach of honor. The SPEAKER said the lion, member, Mr. Mildred, was not in order. Mr. MILDRED resumed. An honorable compact-not a legal one-was enteied into, and if there was any breach of that, he woidd leave it to the Treasurer to give a name to it. ( Hear, hear). He had understood that the f reasurer having abolished the ad valorem duties, a schemes would be intro- duced that would secure a benefit to the country. He had waited to hear an exposition of that promised scheme from the Treasurer-a scheme he had offered as a means of ob- taining popularity. This proposed vote of want ot confi- dence was based upon the ground that the Treasurer had not fulfilled his promises-if he would do that even now he might make more than one couvert lo his cause. Tlie scheme which they knew liad engaged the active and attentive mind of the Treasurer, and which he imagined was the property of the countiy, was not it appeared to be pro- pounded to them until a more favorable opportunity. The contract which the Treasurer had made with the House with reference to the salaries, as the senior partner of a firm, to which the Government misht bo compared, had been canied out for a certain time ; and then the whole amount had been appropriated by the Treasurer to his own use -(no)-because he held it in his own li inds. (No, no.) As ha would view a partnership transaction, so he viewed this case, and he looked upon the action of the Treasurer as upon that of a partner who impropeily applied the partner- ship's funds to his own private purposes. The TREASURER rose to order. The hon. member was charging him with iinpropeiiy applying money to his own uses. The SPEAKER ruled that the lion, member was out of order in making such remanes. Mr. MILDRED had merely made a remark m reference to statements which had been made. This money had been set aside for the benefit of the State-(no)-and the Treasurer had received ' it ¡md applied it to his own purposes. (No.) Well, the lion, member would have a chance of denying the statement. What he said was, that a compact had been entered Into in reference ¿a the amounts ot Ministerial salaries ; and they knew hov much confidence could be extended to persons who set aside contracts ol' this kind. Nevertheless, if the resolutions which the Treasurer had brought forward could be explained-if the pinn proposed could be sketched out in the speech which would be made- or in reference to I the very unpuslness way in which, the railway contracts had been conducted, if any fair representations wrc mado to him by which the Government could show that they would be justified m canyin°- out the contracts, then for the sake especially of tlie lion Chiei Secretaiy, Mr Waterhouse, he would willingly wlthdtaw his opposition upon the grounds of the othei trivial matters comparatively whieh had been mentioned (Oh") II this was not done, howe\er, he must frankly and candidly say that he \i ould have to support the vote of w ant of confi- dence m the present Ministry 1 he TREASURER feared he shoull be unable to give the lion membei the information which he required to enable him to withdraw his opposition on this occasion The hou member's statement amounted to this, that if he (the Trea surei) would give an outline of the scheme of taxation which he pioposed, ond ii the bon member thought it was one which would be of advantage to the country, then he would be willintr to set aside all the gi ave questions which had been raised against the Government, and wou'd vote with them Well, he (the Freasurer) could assure the House that lion membei 3 could not bribe the Government in this way It was I113 custom geneially to stick to the question before the Houhb, and he was not going to tiavel out of his way upon the present [occasion, even on the chance of winning the vote ot the lion membei (Laughter) He was asked to giv c his opinion upou a certain question of importance on a previous occasion, and because he did not do so this was held as a soi t of rod in tunorem ovei thehead of the Ministij Well, he could assuie the lion member that he was not going to give them the benefit of his thoughts upon ¡¡lliat subject at that time Hie hon member (Mr Bagot) had chaiged his hon friend the Attorney-Gent ral with a breach of confidence, when he mentioned the fact that previous to this motion being tab'ed the lion mover had expressed Ins willingness to join the Ministry Why. this occurred some five weeks ago, and instead of it being 13 asserted by the hon member foi Light a bi each of confidence on the part of his bon friend, the matter was one of public notoriety It was well known that the hon member for Gumeracha was willing to join the Ministry It was no matter of confidence at nil Why, the press had published the tact throughout the length and breadth of the land The lion member had not the least objection to joui at the time stated-to row in the same boat with them, and to take pot luck, as it had been called, and to forgiv e and forget all the disagreeable things that had passed This was no secret, the whole matter had been explained at a meeting oí the members of that Hou»e which had been called together by the Hon Mi Waterhouse and himself, and when the questions were put to hon members as to whom they would have confidence in It was well known that the lion member had no confidence in himself and the lion Attoiney-General now, but he had a week 01 two a¿o and what had come over Hie lion member's dream? Why, it happened that the Government had unfortunately disagreed with one or two hon members, who had generally been their support! is, and so the lion member says now isa capital time to slip into their seats Beftre this the lion member nad been perfectly friendly Why, he had complimented him upon having held the reins of Government for neaily two sessions He had complimented him on his return to his seat recently, and he (the Treasurer) had felt pioud of that compliment, and at that time the bon member knew all about the salary question It was said that the hon mern ber had lound that mattei out Well, he certainly wished the hon member had come forward before and mentioned the subject, as it would perhaps have saved them all this unpleasantness (Hear ) He must say that the bon member for the Burra and Clare (Mr Dalei had acted in a fal more manly and straightforward way than the lion membei i liât lion member had boldly stated that he had asked linn (the Tieasurer) for private information upon the subject A question had been put and answered, and he thought that the com se taken by the lion m°mber in bringing forwaid this matter as an argu- ment on the piesent ocasión was most unmanly, and he was sui prised at bon members having any regard for honor and respectability coming forward and acting in this way He had now been for 20 years íesident in this colony, and he would defy any man to say that he had ever done one dishonorable action, and then for the hon member to come down with a motion of this kind at the end of tbe session, foi the sake of piofit and of power, with the prospect of 1 long recess looming before them-(laughter) -to come done in this way was he thought far from manly They knew that they could not be called to account during that recess for any action which they might take or for any policy they might enunciate, and the House might rest assured they would not bring forward any policy before the recess Now about the salary question, which he might as well finish with at ouce He had had the honor to form a Ministry m 1S60, and the Government had on that occasion promised to introduce a Bill to alter the Ministerial salaries They had done so, and the Bill was carried by a large majority, and attei wards thrown out in the Legislative Council, and what had been the result on that occasion, and what did the Government do» His hon fiiend the Chief Secietary had been twitted with enacting a farce in the other branch of the Legislature -(laughter)-and as he did not like to be accused of such a thing, he had at once said that he would draw his salary at the late of £800 a year, and return the rest to the fteasury Ihis he had agreed in, and they had done so (Hear ) They had continued this practice until tlie lion John Morphett joined the Ministry, and that hon gentleman had fallen m wi Mi the s nggestiou, and agi eed to do the same i hey had, however, always drawn the full amounts (Hear ) They wcie bound to draw ths full amounts, and then to intimate to the Treasuier that they would pay back the balance The hou member foi Gnmeracha had been bound duung the short time he was m office to draw the salary at the rates fixed by the Constitution Act, and it did not appear in the case ot that ministry that the balance had as yet all been paid back (Laughter ) He believed that the bon membei (Mr Milne) was one of those who had talked about the alteration by the Ministry of the amounts of their salaries as a foolish practice, and he had informed lum that he meant to bung the matter forward m the House ("No,' from Mr Milne) Well, the lion member said No, but he (the Ueasurer) remembered saying (o him undei the windowon his left band, ' Well, sir, if you do bnngthis matter forward you must not forget that the present Ministiy have paid back nearly ±800 of their salii íes, and that sum ou^ht to be paid back to them ("No' liom Mr Milne) It was alto- gether a voluntaiy orerintr on the part of the Ministry to return a part of their salai les, there had been no expression of opinion on the part of tbe House (Oh ) There had bi >.u no engagement made Hut the s ilaries should continue tobe returned (Oh ) The hon member for Onkaparinga said "oh, ' the lion member might cry "oh ' ii he had a sore place, but what he, the Treasuier, bad stated was the fact Tho hou member lor Butra and Claie had, as he had already stated, asked him tor information on the subject, admitting that it was a difli cult thing lor the Government to intioduee Those who had themselv es bi en 111 office would know that it waa scarcely a matter for the Govei nment to bring forward Hon mern bers of the Government scarce Knew what course to pursue ihey aid know that once the money was paid into tile Tieasury, -it was a difficult mallei to get it out again (Laughter ) They knew that if they once paid these amounts in they would have to give 'special autlnnty to obtain its payment back again (Laughter and hear ) Aud, therefore, though the bon the Chief ¡secretaiy had been ready at any time to pay the amounts into the lreasuiy, he (the ln.asurei) saw that it would be better and more convenient that the matter should remain in abeyanee until it was settled, and he had therefore requested the Chief Secretary to allow the matter to remain over until tue iction of the House was taken upon the questiou No doubt this was thought by the bon member for Onkaparinga a very disgraceful thing, but as they differed m opinion on othei matters besides that, he did not much care for that ( Hear ) I he lion membei Mi Bagot, had spoken m reference to the trimming policy of the Government and had said that they vvishet1 lo trim their sails to the wind of popular opinion in reference to the Boothby question Now he was not accustomed to trim his =ails to the wind at any time (Laughter, and "oh ' ' fiom Mr Townsend ) Well, lion members might say ' oh ' ' but ho repeated that he had not exercised a trimming policy upon tint occasion He liad said distinct y what the Ministry would do and they had done it He had been bound to take a certain course on that occasion, although he knew that by doing to he might be thrown out, without tile chance of ever returning to his seat (Hear) ¡so tar fiom beim? anxious for profit and for place on that occasion, he liad known what would be the result of his taking the course which he did He knew that he would be thrown out of ofiice, and that he would be unable to form another Ministry Ibis was the position m reference to this question No doubt, however, the lion member had spoken superficially on the subject md without consideration, and when he had heard him mistaking the ghost ot Hamlet s father foi the ghost of Hamlet himself-(laughter)- no doubt they might believe that the hon member was equally mistaken when lie stated that he had been behind the scenes and that the Ministry wereusingatiiminingpohcyuponthisquestion (Laughter ) Then there was the qu stion ol Mini-tinal equality Well, he considered that when they stated that the salaries of Ministers were equalised, and that each had an equal voice îuthe C ibmct, he imagined that was Ministei lal equality (Hear, hear) Of course the Chief Secretaiy had a constitu- tional power vested in him which could not be in any way interfered with He did not, however, profess to have so far studied constitutional law as to be able to speak so positively upon those points as some hou members Ha was exceedingly sorry that in bringing forward this motion the lion, member had found it necessary to take notice of so trivial a matter as the case in référença to Dr. Blue, ol' Strathalbyn. (Hear.) He might state, however, that Mr. Krichauff had written to him upon the subject reminding him that it was he and not Dr. Blue who had mude the statement in reference to au advance to the District Council of Strathalbyn, in order to enable them to employ surplus labor on the works in that district. He had had the pleasure of forwarding that letter to Dr. Blue, otlierwise he should have produced it in the House, and no doubt it would have been quite satisfactory upjn that point. He had mentioned the name of Dr. Blue, because he had hap- pened to be at Strathalbyn and had seen both gentlemen within a short time of each other, and therefore it was not wonderful that he should confound the two together. (Oh, and hear.) And now, in reference to the hon. member, Mr. Dutton's, remarks on a letter signed "Martin, Gaedechens, and Co.," which had appeared in the public journals. He thought the remarks of the lion, member only tended to show more clearly how evasive that letter was. He must say on the very face of the letter referred to, that he thought Mr. Fuller was interested with Messrs. Martin, Gaedechens, and Co. in that tender, and he believed the lion, member (Mr. Solomon) in the other House would not go on with his motion for a Select Committee on that day, for the simple reason that he could not obtain from Mr. Martin or any member of the firm a disclaimer that there was no collision ¡between the two parties. (Hear.) He (the Treasiirer)also thought it a strange thing that 3Ir. Mountjoy, as wellas Messrs. Martin and Co., had not entered a dis- claimer. But no. Mr. Mountjoy was a uTötlisr-ni-law, or some such relation to Mr. Fuller, and it would scarcely have done for him to put in a disclaimer in this mat! er. He (the Treasurer) had it from the Manager of Railways himself, and the statement was made in the presence of the Commissioner of Public Works, that Mr. Fuller was interested in both those contracts, and he (the Treasurer) believed lurther, that if a Select Committee had been appointed to enquire into this matter, it would have been proved that this was the case. True, Mr. Martin had said that he had no interest in any tender but that which be had sent in, but would he say that Mr. Füllet was not interested in that tender ? No, he would not. ne looked upon Hie whole affair as a conspiracy lo roband deprive the public of from £2,000 to £3,00Jayear. (No, no.) That was the only light in which he could put it. The lion, mover lind told the House that he thought the Treasurer could have no objection to the course taken, bseause he bad always said that he liked a straightforward honest John Bull course He said this was true, and the lion, member liad taken an open course, and had tabled a motion of want, of confidence, and they (the Government) joined issue with him. He said nothing about the unfairness of the question; but let them see what a large amount of time the lion, member had given the Ministry to rally their forces and to consider the matter. The bon. member had given no- tice on Wednesday that he should bring this question forward on Friday. (Laughter.) Well, he certainly must say that the lion, member hud adopted a much more manly and open course than the hon. member (Mr. Finniss), who had come forward on the salaries question, and given notice-on Thursday that he should move a notice conveying a want of confidence in the Ministry on the Friday. He did not like this ; he thought this was not a fair and open course. Had it not been for the conduct of the bon. the Speaker on Friday last-which was no doubt fully appreciated by the House and tile country (laughter)-the Speaker had acted with fairness and equity as he always did, and had performed an act of justice to the Government aud thecountiy-the question might then have been decided against them. The bon. nioner had given them, as he hail said, a vast amount of time to answer so serious a charge, and he thanked the lion, member for his. consideration. (Laughter.) The lion, member had given them two days' notice of sentence of death. Why, nu ordinary culprit would receive longer notice than that ol' his approaching latter end-(laughter)-and yet they had only two days' notice of their appi oaching Ministerial end. (Laughter.) He had been surprised also at the cry of "divido" made by the bon. member for the Burra and Clare, Mr. Kingston, who seemed most anxious to stop dis-" enssion upon this question. It was clear the hou. member« did not observe much the rules of fair play. He (the Treasurer) was glad the hon, member was not now in the position which he )iad previously occupied, or they might not have liad fair play extended to them on Friday last (Hear.) He should very much'like fo discern why so much eagerness had been displayed by the hon. member to obtain the correspondence in re the railway contract'and Fuller and Co. The hon. member had tabled a notice asking for this correspondence before even the corrrespondence was dosed. (No.) It would be seen that the notice was given on the 12th inst.^ Why, the last letter of Mr. Fuller was only written on'th'at day.'aud' the reply was dated the nth. Ile thought there was a straoge'eagernvss exhibited in this.' Then what was tho meaning of the statement of the bon. mover that he had bad frequent business connections with Mr. Fuller? He thought it was necessary that the hon. member should explain this-(oh)-and lie hoped be would do so before the discussion closed. He did not know what was the meaning of the expression ; for notwithstanding the rumor about town that the bon. member had been connected with the railway contract-(oh, oh)-he (the Treasurer) did not mean to charge the lion, member with being actually con- nected with the contract; but he thought, considering the hon. member's remarks, that ho had had frequent business connections with Mr. Fuller. The matter, at least, was somewhat significant, and required explanation. (Haar.) He thought it might possibly mean that the hou. member was an executor or a trustee, or something of that kind, in Fuller's estate, and as such he was only anxious to see that a man like Mr. Fuller - a business man like Fuller - and on industrious and clever man like Fuller, should get the contract. Hon. members would see that it was all Fuller-Fuller from beginning to end-all Fuller. (Laughter.) Fuller was a good business man, and the bon. member wished Fuller to have the con- tract, and not Fuller and Co. The lion, member for Barossa had said that he did not think the Government could do the work, they hadn't got the proper kind of .shunting horses. (Laughter.) Then the hon. member for Onka- paringa thought the Government could do it ; the lion, member knew a great deal about it. The bon. member was versed not only't in the lights and shades -(laughter)-but about the substantial part of the business also, and the bon. member had seen lots of drays. The Government could therefore have no difficulty in carry- ing on themselves, but it happened it was not only drays they wanted, it was horses-horses trained to shunting, and he believed it would be horne out that no one but the linn of Fuller and Co. had got such horses. Tlie bon. member had, however, seen the drays, but not. the horses. Now, the hon. member, Mr. Glyde, and the hon. member forJBarossa, had blamed the Government for not seeking pri- vate tenders from Messrs. Fuller & Co., and they argued that it came to this-that in asking Mr. Hill to tender'privately they bad given him an advantage which they ought to have given to Mr. Fuller. They were told they should have given the public an opportunity of tendering again. (Hear, hear.) Now, the Government said that the three tenders they re- ceived were all from the same party. Mr. Fuller knew full well tbat the only tender received in reply to the first ad- vertisement was from Mr. Hoyt, of Melbourne ; and when the second advertisement was issued Mr. Fuller knew also that Mr. Hoyt had removed his plant to New Zealand, nnd was consequently out of the market. If tho Government had not accepted Mr. Hill's tender, what would have been the result? Why, if only one day's delay had been given to enable Mr. Fuller to make a fresh tender, he would probably have made terms with Hill; that gentleman might have with- drawn his tender, and, as the bon. member for Mount Barker had said, the Government would have been again at Mr. Fuller's mercy, inasmuch as the lion, member, Mr. Duffield, had declared the Government could not do the work themselves. The bon. member, Mr. A. Blyth, hail said that Mr. Fuller always caused difficulties to a Ministry, and he (the Treasurer) had once resigned the Public Works department because he thought the Government were then playing too much into Mr. Fuller's hands. (Hear, hear.) He would admit that Mr. Fuller was a good business man, and he had no wish to say otherwise. He thoughtit was a mercy to the public that Mr. Fuller had disagreed with his partners ; but he would not apply the old adage that when certain persons tell out honest men came by their own. (Oh.) He would not apply that adage. (Shame.) Some lion, member called '' shame," but what had he said? Why, that although there was a principle in the adage, he would not apply its language to Mr. Fuller, for he did not think he deserved it. But it was well the firm fell out, be- cause the public saved £2.200 per annum by it ; and as the traffic increased, it might be that the saving would £3,000 or even £5,000. It was said the Government were wrong to accept Hill's tender as they did. (Hear, hear.) Now the facts were, that on the 5th of November Messrs. Fuller sent in an amended contract for four years instead of seven ; Mr. Hill sent in his tender at the lower rates, and the Government accepted the best offer. It was said, why did not the Government give the firm of Fuller & Co. another opportunity to tender. Why, Hill represented Mr. Mills, also, the other partner, and therefore he repre- sented two-thirds of the firm, two-thirds of the plant, and he presumed two-thirds the capital-(no) -and it was only Mr. Fuller, who represented no one but himself, the minor portion of the firm, who was dissatisfied. (Hear, hear.) He had been struck with the manner in which the bon. member Mr. Blyth read Mr. Hill's letter to the Govern- ment, and with the contemptuous expression upon the hon. member's speech, as he read it. The hon. member would not now say that Mr. Fuller was one of the most honour- able and straightforward men that South Australia could produce. Oh, no I but when the hon. member read the letter, he would have implied that Mr. Hill was not such a man. (" Hear," from Mr. Duffield.) He was pleased to hear that cheer from the hon. member for Barossa, for it now came to this:-On the Saturday before the public holiday, on the occasion of the Prince of Wales's birthday. Mr. Fuller went to the Manager of itaihvays, to get him to induce Mr. Hill to purchase Fuller's portion of the plant. It ap- peared that Mr. Hare did interest himself in the matter. Fuller wanted £5,' 00 for his plant, holding, as it appeared, one-third. It appeared also tliat Hill did not like to give £5,000 for it, but that he had engaged lo give £4,600 although he believed it to be worth only £4,000. Hill had agreed to give the £4,500 because Fuller appeared to be aggrieved, and the £500 was a kind of peace offering. Probably Fuller thought Hill could not carry out the contract without this plant. However, Hill did agree afterwards to give the £5,000, and paid down £1,000 to Fuller on the Saturday morning, aud Fuller promised to help Hill with the contract. Now it might have been supposed that Mr. Fuller, this straightforward and high-minded man, would have ended the matter here; but no. Before s o'clock on the following Monday morning Fuller sent a gentleman to him (the Treasurer) to say he had sold the plant, and to ask whether the Government would enter into a private contract with him to do the work. (Sen- sation.) That was the high-minded and honorable man who appeared to be such a close friend of the lion, memoer, Mr. A. Blyth. This conduct of Fuller's was one of the most disgraceful actions he had ever heard of. He was surprised at the proposition made to him, and referred tlie gentleman to the Commissioner of Public Works. It appeared, however, that Fuller, this shrewd man of business, had been outwitted in the matter, and no deubt ho was annoyed ; and no doubt the hon. members Mr. Blyth and Mr. Duffield felt a deep interest in the matter. Bnt would these lion, members state now that the Government had done wrong ¡n this ? He was sure the hon. member Mr. Blyth hadtiimsclf three years ago, when in office, made private arrangements with Mr. Fuller for the con- tract after he had advertised it. (Hear, hear.) Th s affair was one of the best things that could have happened, because the publie were benefittcd. If the Government had accepted Fuller & Co'a tender there would indeed have been grounds for this motion, but having by a straightforward course saved the community £2 20» per annum, were the Government to be censured for that? (Cheers.) This whole movement was made merely that the Government might go out and others come in in their places. Then the Immigration question, and the Salaries question-which one of the Press had described as growing small by degrees and beautifully less-had been revived. The lion, member (Mr. Townsend) had said that this had been a very barren session. (Hear), He would not dispute that there had been more discussion than usual, and on the authority of the hou. member he would say that " speeches of unusual power had been made." (Laughter). Speeches of unusual feebleness had been made also, and he would not have much difficulty in proving the two qualities combined in the speeches of one individual. (Laughter and hear, hear). There had been an unusually protracted discussion on the estimates, and although the hou. member, Mr Townsend, in his speech on Friday had only been able to recollect or, at any rate, to enumerate four important measures that had been passed during the session, he could tell him that no less than 21 such measures -(hear)-had been passed. The hon. member could some- times exercise great efforts of memory, but he had not done so in this instance. Of course he did not allude to the bon. member's Lights and Shadows, for sometimes tlie lion, mem- ber grasped only the shadow. (Laughter, and hear.) It was not unlikely the lion, member's obliviousness on the occasion arose from a temporary aberration of his mighty intellect-(laughter)-for he had noticed at the time an unusual vvildness of expression on his countenance. (Laughter.) Besides these 22 measures they had had three Ministerial crises, four attempts to produce others, and several prolonged debates. There was the great Boothby question which had disturbed the equanimity of the bon. member-(laughter)-and the harmony of many happy combinations in the House aud out of it. The session had certainly not been barren of a <>:reat deal of banter, strife, and struggling for office, and having got through so much as they had, was, he thought, 11 very fair amount of work. (Hear.) The bon. member (Mr. Townsend) had lost all at once the great confidence he had until within the last few months reposed in him (the Treasurer). He was sorry for that, because of course it must always be the wish of every one in his position, to retain, if possible, the confidence of every member of the House. But the bon. member had said that he (the Treasurer) was not fit to lead in that House-that he had not that mighty in- tellect that wiis required for a leader to enable bim to grasp tim great subjects that would arise. He would say that he did not pretend to lead the House, and it was merely by the courtesy and forbearance of hon. members that he has re tiiinod that position for nearly two sessions. He might say that the struggles during the present session liad been severe. They uad'tried his energies and judgment, and they would have trial the energies and judgment of any mun placed iu the position he had occupied. Now if the House thought the hon. member (Mr. Townsend) possessed that great grasp of intellect and that ponderous mind that would qualify a man to leud in the Legislature -to become a great Bt ite3mau, aud to exercise tlie powers of a Palmerston, a Derby, a Disraeli, or a Russell, lie would be very happy to retire from his position in the bon. member's favor, but that must bo on the one condition-that the House and the country agreed to it. (Cheers and laughter.) If at that period of the session the Government were called on to retire so let it be. He could say a good deal about the struggle for place on the part of some lion, members, but ~he would admit that a seat in the Government was a fair and laudable ambition for any man who thought he had the ability to serve his country well, and under ordinary circumstances such a man ought to have a trial. If this was the begin- ning of the session, he would say by all means let the bon. member Mr. 1 ownsend have a trial, and lead the House in connection with the bon. member for Gumeracha. But he did not like the idea at the present moment of letting him slip in when all the work was done. No doubt for the next five months the lion, member would n:t mind the place even at £800 per annum. The lion, member Mr. Townsend had said that he (the Treasurer) would do anything for office ; more, indeed, than any other man in the House. (" near," from Mr. Townsend.) " Hear," said the lion, member ; but he used to compliment him (the Treasurer) upon not dis- playing an eagerness for office. The hon. member could not say that lie (the Treasurer) had never been asked to take office, but he might say that he had four times refused such a request. (Hear.) Nor could the lion, member charge him with ever having asked to be allowed to ¡oin a Ministry. He (the Treasurer) could say that he had never done that, but could the lion, member, Mr. Townsend, say so? (O i. oh, and cheers.) He would like to hear the lion, member's disclaiujor if he had one to offer. He would have liked to have heard a "Xo," but us he did not he would only say that the lion, member could not charge him (the Treasurer; with having done so. Ile could go further, but he would not. (Go on.) No; he would spare the lion, member for that once ; for if they were to have another exciting debate he would really be afraid of the lion, member-(laughter)-he would tremble for his mighty intellect-(loud laughter) -and lest that should be seiiously afi'ected he would spare him now. Before sitting down he had one remark to offer respecting1 the hon. ra mber, Mr. Bajjot. He was sorry his lion, colleague, the Commissioner of Public Woiks, had said what he had respecting the bon. member's acceptance of oftica as Com- missioner of Crown Lands in a former Ministry. His bon. colleague was not, perhaps, aware that he (the Treasurer) had repeatedly solicited the lion, member to join that Ministry, although be could not from previous arrangements offer him the Attorney-Generalship, and that eventually the lion, member consented to accept the Commissioner.ship of Crown Lands from personal friendship to him (the Trea- surer). (Cheers.) He sincerely hoped that the fact of the lion, member having done so would not be ¡nany way detrimental to bim, and lie had been sorry that recent ministerial changes had compelled him to forfeit the services of an old friend and colleague. (Hear, hear.) He would only say in conclu- sion Hut if the Government had lost the confidence of the House they wouhl be prepared to bow to its decision, but he could not say what would follow. (Hear, hear.) Mr. MILNE said he must compliment the Treasurer upon the recovery of his good spirits, for if ever there had been a man bowed down with anxiety and terror it was the Trea- surer, on Friday last. (Laughter.) To-day his air had been happy, aud he had tickled the gallery und the House. The Treasurer thought he was safe now, and could afford to laugh at what had been a danger on Friday. He could say a great deal about the style in which the Treasurer had addressed the House, but he would Wave it to the lion, gentle man's own good judgment to say if thut style was a fitting one. Instead of meeting the ca3e as lie ought to have djne, .he had indulged in personal reflection«, and raked up slander against persons in and out of the House. The manner in which the lion, gentleman dwelt upon the remarks of tho hon. member, Mr. A. Blyth, was unworthy of him, for lu had not had the boldness or honesty to say anything outright, but had confined himself to inuendoes. I|e was sure the course followed by the lion, member (Mr. Myth) was entirely owing to his desire to see justice'done to all parties. He could not help alluding to the speech of the hon. mem- ber (Mr. Dutton). He had been sorry to hear that hon. member address the House as he had done, for he had expectel irom him a decided course one way or the other. The hou. member look special credit to himself for the action he took on Friday, but judging from a conversation he had heard between the hon. member aud the hon. member Mr. A Blyth, he thought the lion member was not justified m taking that course. Now, as to the manner tho motion had been dwelt on It appeared that as with the man who was receiving a flogging, flog high or flog low, they could not please every one He could not help saying a word 01 two about the conduct of the freasurei on the salaries question He thought the 1 reasurer was indebted for lus position to the eour«e he took originally with reference to that ques- tion But unknown to the House and to his colleagues, and in distinct breach of faith with the House, he liad drawn the fullsalary from the commencement of the present Imaucial year 1 he bon mem- bei (Mr Blyth) had been called to order for calling this dishonest action but it was eertainly a breach of faith, and would reflect anything but credit on the treasurer (Hear, hear) It w13 not a motion of £s ¡I, but of pnnciple The Treasurer's policy had been to trim Ins sails to the populai breeze If he could cause the Ti easurer todo penance ni opposition, foi a certain time, lor his conduct in this matt«, he would gladly do so (Ironical cheers ) When f he lion member, Mr h inniss, introduced the subject, only two hon members had the hardihood to attempt to excuse the Treasurer s conduct One of them, Mr Magaiey, said it was only a matter of a few pounds, and the oihr 1, Mr Mcrilmtor asked why they should tike so much notue of such a mattei the lion member appeared to be eui prised that so much notice should be taken of a shei ifrs oflicer, but he was afraid some othei persons would not think with the bon membei He had to complun that they had had no distim t policy from the lieasurer They weie twitted with the discordant ele- ments of the opposition, but that only proved that the Go veinnunthadlostthecoiifilpice of all parties As lo the matter of the goods contract, the Tieasurer had done no- thing but abuse Mr Fnllei and the lion member Mr A Blyth (No no ) Tlie lion member for Gumeracha said "no," but win u the Ministry took their seats what lid he say? Why, when congratulating them upon their letuin to office, he said he hoped they would not bring forward measures mere y to retain olhce, but for the «food of the country The lion member knew their faults better thau anyone else, no doubt, and had therefore given them that advice The Government had no business to try and bnug dissension between parties It was their duty to do everything openly and by tender If the work was so large that it was not largely tendeied for, why could they not have divided the contract and have had one for the city, one foi thePoit, and one for Kapunda' The country would not thank the Government for their petty attempt to save money, and as yet they had not taken the course of action that would enable them to say whether any money would be saved or not He had no terms ot contempt strong enough to characterise their huckstering policy in this matter And then, in íefe renee to the question of immigiatioii, he thought that the credit of consistency of conduct rested more with the lion membei (Mr Dale) than with the hon member (Mr Cole) The lion member (Mr Dale) stated that he would vote against the Government becsuse be knew that they were pledged to bring in some system of lumigration, and either to put a sum of money on the Estimates or to take a vote for that special object (No ) Well, he should be happy to heal adisclaimei fiom that side ot the House, but bethought that the House understood that the Government were pledged to propose some system of immigration to the House (Hear) The lion, member (Mr Dale) had voted a_rainst the Government because they were in favoi of im- migration and if a new Government went in, of course the hon membei would have to see that Ins ideas were better represented The 1 reasurer had lately informed the House that the Ministry were on an equal footing, and that there was no premiership No doubt the feeling against having a responsible head to the Ministry oiigmatedm a miseiable jealousy against having any one in a superior posi tion And thus hon members wished to drag every one down to their own level He thought however that theie must be a supremo head, and if this was not so then the Ministry was incomplete The Chief Secretary was by the Constitution Act the head of the Mimstiy, and the next in rank only was the next after a considerable intei val (Hear ) No doubt it was right that Ministers should be put on an equal looting of fairness, but the Chiel Secretary was the head of the Cabinet, and it was for lum to say whether they should carry on or not He believed that the Govern- ment in altering the plan laid down had tampered with the Constitution Act With these remarks he should support the motion Mr GRUNDY ¡would not dwell long upon the topics which had been so well handled by other bon members , lie would, however, give some reasons for the vote which he intended to give on that occasion He thought the motion before the House might have been ot long- and even silent growth In the question in reieience to the Ways and Means, he had been surprised at the remarks which the Treasurer had made He thought that they were strange remarks coming as they did from a minister of Slate, about the imports and exports of the piovmce The Treasurer had referred to his (Mr Grundys) speech on that occasion as a telling and thrilling speech (Oh!) He did net think it was-(heal)-because he had intended the points to tell quite the other way It was the conduct of the Ministry on that occasion that was tlie begmni ng with him of a feeling cf want of confidence In reference to the question of immigration lie might say that when that question was mooted hehadieceivel an anonymous lettei, which, in the innocence of his heai t he had shown to the freasui er He did not know that aftei leading his supporters on foi a time the hou member was going- to turn round and thiow them overboard, and make fools of them Then, on the Boothby question, the speech of the Ti easui er, it would be remembered, on the 2nd October, was almost directly at variance with his speech oa a previous occa- sion , and were the cucumatances connected with that case likely to lessen the feeling of want of confidence' He thought not And then, again, without any intimation of a tieaty trom the Secretaiy of State, and without any call from the public the lieasurer h id come down upon them with that detestable Chinese Bill He had seen, however, through that measure, and he con sideicdit wis rnly a blind to stave off European îmmigia tion (No ) He thought that was an act likely to lessen confidence in the Ministry They would all remember how he had given a philippic to the Treasurer on the salary question, but he had voted for them on that occasion, because he thought they should give them another trial, but he never thought they were to draw the imounts undpr the Constitution Act, and then equalise the whole as they were doing [The bon member here quoted the figures from the Constitution Act and gave the division 1 He thought that was not a matter that would redound to then credit Then there was the disgraceful persecution of Mr Woods 1 he Government had been put to considerable lo<>s by their action m that matter, and he would ask was that not a cas» to weaken confidence m thoMtmstiy He had always wished to see the Treasurer in power Ho believed he was a good working man, but he now saw all b13 faults And now in reference to the subject of immigra- tion He had been glad to see the Treasurer on the «ame side of the House, but lie declared he would rather have seen him on the other side against lum He had uever been so surprised nt anything as to see the Government vote as they had done on this question The treasurer had called him erratic Yes, he would vote against bim when wrong-foi him when n^ht-was that erratic? (Laughtei ) Let them look at the words of the lion m»mber, Mr Coglin, who was usually a staunch supporter ol the Ministry, on this question in reference to the contracts The lion mem- ber ielt constrained to vote against the Ministry on this occasion (Heai ) In respect to the statemants in reference to Ali Fuller, he might say that In bad himself gone to Mr Tuller and told him his name was Grundy (Laughter ) Of course he imagined the hon member would know that he meant Grundy from Barossa-(laughter) -and he had asked that "entleman the circumstance?, of the case, and also for copies ot the correspondence, with which he h id kindly supplied lum Trom those documents be believed that Mr ridler had been most unfurly treated, to the damase and loss of the public revenue It hid been said that Mi Hill wis the owner of two thndsof the railway plant, but the fict was nothing of the kind llieie were three pirtners Uessrs Fuller, Hill, anl Mill«, and each held one thud, and-he did not know whether the statement would be b"bevei aftei tint of the Commissioner of Public Works-the whole of the capital belonged to ridler, and the other partners were even paying interest for the use of it As to the purchase of Mills s third by ni 11 he could only say on the aaÄonty of Messrs Fuller anl Mills, that the only offer ever made was by Mr Mills to buy Mr Hill's thud, but the offer had not been accepted, and tho matter had dropped There was a statement made by one of the younger members of the Cabinet-(he shoild touch upon all those youn» gentlemen shortly) -(laughter) to the etfi ct that Messrs Fuller & Co were beggars before thi y they took the conti act Hie COMMISSIONER OF PUBLIC WORtS rose to order As he was the membnr referred to he might say that he nevei made any such statement He had sai I tint before they took that contract he ha 1 seen Mr Tullei woi k mg as a man ought to do on the Port-roal Mr GRUNDY continued Ile understood the lion member to in=muate that Mi Fullei had made all his money by the railway contract, but if the hon membei had enquired ho would have found that £-¡,000 worth of title de»ds weie deposited with the Government by Mi Tuller as security f ir the due performance of the contract He wa3 a pretty Com missionei ol Public Works if lie dil not know this (Laughter) The lion member, Mr Hay, hil given a vei y amusing account or me enaeavouis wni<Mi uaa ueen niaue, first, to bring Messrs Fuller and lum together, then to bring Messrs Fuller & Hill togethei, and lastly, to get Mi Hare to cxeicise hn inge- nuity to see whether the Government could not cairy on the contiact theraselv es He could not, for one, hope for any good results by the Government undertaking the rail- way business He had had a good deal ot experience, in works undertaken by Government, und he remembered before he lett England visiting the Plymouth Dockyards He entered into conversation lhere with avery intelligent man in the yard, who pointed to a common ship's block, saying, "that cost the Government ïs ud Had it been made by other parties it would have cost about 2s ed " He thought it would be somewhat the same with the r ni way contract The lion the Treasurer had îefeired to the letter and contract of Messrs. Martin, G adechens Ss Co, and had told the House in ti rms of moignation that they were parties with Messrs I uller &, Co Inatea i of these young gentlemen on the Trea- sury Benches defending themselves as they should have done, they sought to impugn their supposed successors Never had sucha »et of 3peec'ies as theirs been listened to. A great oeal had been said about those who had to led through the session being entitled to the lepóse of the reces3 But ho v many of them hal toiled in this manner' What had the Attorney Gcneial done, and was the Commissioner of Publn Works one of tln=e who had todel through the session3 Way, with all his toil the Commissioner of Public Woiks had been unable to tell him (Mr Grundy) the other day what wages men employed by his own de paitment wet" receiving, anl whit were their working hours Individually ho had a great deal of respect for the young gentleman, and believed he was a Jolly goo 1 fellow (Laugh- ter ) Bin, there was no doubt his appointment was owing to the influence of his brother clubbist in the Minisriy 1 he bon member had not only bi -»i í'it n-ae of the necessary ability, but a great deal of seit conceit to the office, or he would not have spoken of the bon member, Mr B igot, m the way he did the other day He had really been ashamed of the lion member's impertinence (Laughter ) With respect to the Commissioner of Crown Lands, who popped about from one oflice to another-any were acceptable to him, which had £9b0 per annum attached to them-he woald say a woid oi two respecting the mann°r in which he conducted Inn office There was such a peculiar mental idiosyncn*v about the young man that he would be dom,; him an injury if he did not give him a diessmj (A laugh ) Hie hon mern ber went on to describe the manner in which (as he was m iot med) the hon Commissioner had treated "«ntlemcn who liad called at his office to see him and said he fiad only been there once himself, aud then he got away as quickly as ho co dil He did not know what the young "eutletnan pre- sumed upon-perhaps it was upon his patrician descent, but his pedigree, good as it was, murht b , as one baronet once sud of the pedigree of another, like a potato garden all that was good of it under the giound (LouI laughter ) The hon gentleman might, if hu would take this hint, y t shine as a constellation in that House, but he coaid assure tura he had never made a greatei mistake than when he had imagined he was amusing the House the other evening when he was talking against time, and so anxiously lookt ig to the door for the return of the messenger from Morphett Vale He would tell the Attorney Genei ti, whose speech of the other day he had heard spoken of a3 an i scellent piece of nisi pnua pleidmg, that sircasm wai mt siunl sense that mere art was not neeessin'y connet ted with wislom and that hard woi Js were genurally found in connection with soft arguments They bad been threaten! d with a dissolution, but he was convinced that His Excellency knew a great deal better thau to dissolve the House at fie eh veuth hour of his vice-royalty If the llou'-e w is dissolved, his lim col- league and himself would stand again for Barossi with- out much trepulitiou foi the íesult and certunly with less ch ince ol biiug burnt in effigy than the Treasurer would stand at his next election Ihe young men on the Treasury Benches had told them that no other Ministry i-ould be formed Did they mean to say that the Upper House could afford no substitute for the present Cmef Seeictaty Would not Mr Davenport Mr Forster, Mi ft u row Mr Ayers, or Mr Morphett, till the post with equal a etnt'- he would say nothing of the men in that Chamber, whose haM* had been silvered with the lapse ol t me But it was presuming to see five men whose united ages vvoul t not amount to the united years of any five men ni the ( ahirçet of Gieat Britain, come forward und tell them tut no other Ministry could be formed Ihe bon i îember (Mr Blyth) bul been tuxel with a desire t i oust this Ministry to make way for one oi which he was to be the head, but lie was sure this charge was unfjuudel On the contrary, the hou member had assured him that it the motion was carried and lie was sent for by His Excel- lency, he would convene a meeting in the library of the members comprising the majority, and submit to them the i formation of a uew administration He noticed that one of the Northern papers had said that he was likely to receive Go« vernraeut employment shortly. He wished to say distinctly that ho had no pretensions to any place of emolument what- ever. Certainly he could devote a great deal of time and enthusiasm to the public service, and as ho was not a domestic man, he could even consume the midnight oil in that cause when domesticmen were otherwise engaged-(loud laughter)-but he contradicted tlie rumor in this way, lest it might be supposed he was in any way interested in the vote he was about to give, ne had been highly amused with some of the remarks they had heard about struggles for power. Had lion, members forgotten the drama of Morphett Vale? (Laughter.) Oh! if he had the powers of a dramatist, what a drama he could found on that episode of »Morphett Vale, and of the Commissioner of Crown Lands talking against time until the return of the coach and four, and then how that eminent Roscius of the Southern Hemisphere, Mr, Robert Heir, could give effect to such a scene. (Laughter.) Mr. SUTHERLAND said that was an important question for the consideration of all the hon. members of the House who had been in the habit of supporting the Government, and they should take into consideration why it was that so many had voted against them after so much and sujh long continued support as they had given them. What was the reason so mauy of the independent members of the House were against tlie Government? The reasons had been already so nilly stated that he need not go over them again, but they had been accumulating for some time past He was sorry the Treasurer was not there to answer a question which he had to put. vVhy was it that he tabled a motion as Thomas Reynold and not as the Treasurer? Why, because the Ministry could turn round and say that it was a crotchet of the Treasurer's own, and the Ministry were not responsible. No Chancellor of the Exchequer at home could venture to do such a thing in bringing forward his Ways and Means. It was placing the Ministry and the Government and the House in a false position. Did the Treasurer do that and say the Government had nothing to do with it. placing it on his own responsibility? By the same rule the Commissioner of Public Works or the Com- missioner of Crown ¡Lands might do the same thing. Then they would have no responsible Government at all. He was glad to hear the Treasurer make the explanation he did respecting the hon. member, Mr. Bagot. He would say no more about it, but he was glad to hear it, because the statement he made was not correct ; and because the Treasurer had apologised it did not place the hou. member for Light in a fair position. A great deal had been said about one parly and another party taking office recently. They had had a long debate on the word " situation," and they could not tell what it meant, but now they knew it meant that on that side of the House the situa- tion was very pleasant, and on the other side it was very disagreeable, and gave one the shivers. He would not go again over the question of salaries, the Boothby question, &c.; ; they had already been ably stated ; but there had been a gradual accumulation of one matter after another that his confidence in tho Ministry was completely shaken. He was before one of the warmest supporters of the Ministry, but now he was brought to the point on the other Pide. He had never asked the Treasurer for anything. The Treasurer sometimes came and asked his advise, and he always gave it freely and frankly. With regard to the last matter against the,Government-Fuller's contract-he would not go over it ; it liad been debated fully and ably, but It was true the matter had not been put quite fairly before the House. (Hear, hear.) With regard to contracts, if the power on the part of the Government was recognized to advertise for tenders and afterwards to make private arrangements, it was not the saving just now of £2,200 that should justify it, for if the principle were recognized they might afterwards lose perhaps £50,000. ne would ask would the Treasurer onsent to the Road Board having such a power? (Laughter.) He was a member of that Board, and so were his hon. friends the memberfortheBurraandClare(Mr.Kingston), and the member for Barossa (Mr. Duffield) and others, aud there Uley had everything open and above-board. Was the Road Board to follow the example of the Government? Would the Treasurer answer that? ("Hear, hear," from Mr. Grundy.) If nil their large contracts, amounting to £100,000, were to be dealt with in that way. what a door would be open to fraud ! He would not go over the matter any further, but only say that he believed Messrs. Fuller and Co. had not had lair play. (" Hear, hear," from Mr. Grundy.) If they got into that way, as they had done in the other colonies, and as they had done at home, where £20 J.oon or £300,000 a year had been lost, they must remem- ber that they were not only losing for the Government, bat corrupting the people. (Hear, hear.) He was completely opposed to the system adopted, by the Govern- ment, and would vote for the motion. Mr. A. BLYTH, if no other hon. member wished to address the House, would say a few words in reply, and he hoped the House would brar with bim during the short time he would occupy. Ha was as anxious as hon. members to see the end of that debate. He was desirous to answer the ohargi « of a personal, grave, and peculiar nature which had been brought against him. He would remind hon. members that in opening the debate he had given the word of warning that no personal matters should be introduced, but some of the members of the Government had done so as regarded him- self. The Treasurer, the Commissioner of Public Works, and the Commissioner of Crown Lands, had dared to come to that House and give assertion to groundless rumours. He be- lieved those rumours had been expressly concocted by someone in connection with the Government tor that especial pur- pose; but be could not have believed there existed in that House three minds so unclean as to give credence to such 1 statements-(hear, hear)-he would characterise those state- ments which had been put forth in that House in the most emphatic and in the strongest language he could make use of; he would apply to them what was considered the most disagreeable and offensive term that he could use, and tell those members that the statement was a lie, and he be- lieved they knew it to be so, whan they gave utterance to it. (Sensation.) The SPEAKER said the bon. member was out of order; he could not allow such language to be made use of in that House. He had waited a moment to hear if any hon. mem- ber would call his attention to so gross a breach of the rules of the House ; but as no one had dons so, he felt it his duty to call the lion, member to order. M>. A. BLYTH kuew he was out of order, and he in- tended The ATTORNEY-GENERAL rose to order. The lion, member had confessed that |he knew he was out of order ; he believed it was then his duty to offer an apology to the House. The SPEAKER said mo3t certainly it was, and he should call on the hon. member to apologise. Mr. A. BLYTH was aware that in speaking as he did, he was traveling closely on the borders of order, but he felt indignant when he reflected that those who endeavoured to make out that he was a partner of Messr3. Fuller ¡& Co. had stated that which had no foundation. If he had given any offence to the House he begged to apologise. The grounds ol' Messrs. Fuller's case had not been fairly stated ; he would now en- deavor to elucidate them ; he "would have no objection to the Government advertising twice for tenders ; but what he complained of was that they made a private arrangement to induce a lower tender. Suppose Messrs. Acraman, Main, Lindsay, & Co. had tendered instead of Mesará. Martin, Gaedechens, & Co , and suppose another Government had been in powar, what would have beea said had a similar transaction have taken place ? He was as anxious as any one for cheapness, but he was equally anxious that cheap- ness shouli be gained in a m re fair, straightforward, and business- like way. He would read, with the permission of the House, a letter which he had received from Messrs Fuller & Co. " Adelailc Goods Station, November 20, 18GI. " Sir-In the House of Assembly, on Friday last, Mr. Lindsay, Mr. Stow, and Mr. Magarey stated, on the autho- rity of Mr. Hare, that Mr. Henry Hill held two- thirds of the plant and capital in the firm of H. R. Fuller & Co. This statement is totally unfounded, and I shall feel obliged it you will favour me by giving it tho fullest contra fiction. .. -Mr. Hill does not and never did hold more than one third, and that in the plant and prcniies only. The capital is mine only, and neither Mr. Hill nor Mr. Mills have any interest in it whatever. "Mr. Stow states that he has seen the deed of partner- ship of my firm, and he gives his own version of its contents. Now that deed has never bjan out of myposssssionfor one instant since it was signed. It is therefore impossible that hecouH have seen it, nor could any person have shown it to him but myself, and that I never did. "Mr. Lindsay stys that Mr. Hill bought me out at the extravagant price of £3,050 for my shara in the plant Thi3 plant cost me £5,40», and was not sold to Mr. Hill, but to him and Mr. Mills jointly and the largest portion of the purcha3e-money is to remain unpaid for three years - viz., £3.000. "Mr. Mill3was not bought out as stated;,but arrange- ments were made for so doing, but they were never com- pleted, and he remains now as much a partner in the firm of H. R. Fuller and Co. as he ever wa3. " Mr. Lindsay remarks on my sending in my lender just before 12 o'elock. It is customary with many firms who tender to send in their offers at the last moment, in order to prevent them being in any way considered bsfore the proper time. It was not, however, ray intention to tender at all, and I only did so at theurgentrequeatof Mr.C.S. Hare. " Why such statements :is those made by the gentlemen I have referred to were brought forward I cannot conceive ; but I am piepared to prove, by my books and papers if ne- cessary, thit there is no ground for them. " If you will make the contenta of this letter known in the House jl shall feel much obliged ; as 1 am anxious that further injustice may not be done to me by allowing such mi3Statements to go forth uncontradictcd. I have pre- ferred troubling you ¡instead of writing to the papers, as I think the proper place to set the matter right is that place where the statements I complain of were made. " i have, Sir, &«., " n. R. Fuller. " To Arthur Blyth, Esq." Mr. Fuller had had tthat letter printed, and no doubt he would send a copy to every bon. member of that House. The Attorney-General had recsutly stood up and adraiuia tered a rebuke to some one for revealing private conversa- tions, assuming a position to which his ability might entitle bim, but not his age- that of Mentor ofthat House.- (Hear, hear). He hoped it would be considered that no hon. member, when any new Ministry was proposed, should repeat to another what had bsen said to him. lie had been sorely tempted to break through those rules. He was sorely tempted by the Attorney General, who had given the House a partial conversion which took place eetween him (Mr. Blyth) and the Chief Sccre aiy-(" No." fiom the Attorney-General) -but after careful consideration he thought it would uot be right to do so, and he was carefully guarded in putting himself in com- munication with any hon. member. Supposing he was likely to have been entrusted with the task of t'jrmiag a Ministry it was quite fair in debate for the opposite party to throw on the carpet the discordant elements respecting himself and the lion, member for Onkaparinga, Mr. Town- send. (" Hear," from Mr. Grundy.) Of course he had soma few thoughts about eventualities.-(haar, hear, and laughter) but his conversations with other bon. members on the sub- ject were as lew ns possible, and since the adjournment he had liad none with any lion member. The charges which he brought against the Ministry were a tata! want of policv, and a total want of consistency. On the question of imml . gration, if the Ministry wereentirely opposed to it, why did they not boldly s ly so, and not keep it quiet until they were charged by "an lion, member with being pledged to a re- newal of immigration?. But had not that been the policy of the Government through the whole of the session ? He ha I no wish to rake up the ashes of the Boothby question -, he only used it- its an illustration of the want of policy of the Government. Then there was the distil ation question uni the Waterworks Bill, on which a series of resolutions was presented to the House ; but what, he aske 1, was the clear and defined policy of the Government? If the present motion-which he supposed by the jubilant face of the Treasurer, so different from the gloomy aspect which it wore on Friday last-if that motion were even lost, as it might be by a scanty majority, a great deal of good would have been done ; it would show the country what they would have in Parliament, and it would show the Ministry that their policy in the House should c rrespond. There were the statements which had been made about Martin, Gaedechens, & Co, and Mr. Mountjoy. He was not there to deny those statements, but lu; thought they would have been blind to their own interests if they had not oousulted before they tendered. (Laughter, from the Treasurer; " hear, hear," from Mr. Grundy.) Hon. mem- bers laughed, but perhaps they would not have laughed if they had waited to hear what he had to say. Mes3rs. Fuller and Co. would have a large stock of hors s, drays, &&, to dispose of if they did not get the contract, and it was natural for Messrs. Martin, Gaedechens, & Co. to go and ask them what they would sell them for, that they might be guided in their tender for the contract. A person named Boaden had done the very same thing on a former occasion. The con- duct of the Government in the matter had been very unsatisfactory, and they had not heard the last of it yet. '1'hey had heard of the securities for £5,000, but he believed the Government would not be able to give satisfaction to the country in that matter; they would see by-and-hye. The want of a policv on the part of the Government, the- want of a head to the Ministry, and all tlie other things which hud been alluded to put together, justified him ia bringing forward that mution. Having spoken perhaps too warmly-(hear, hear)-but still with candour and openness, he would now leave the matter with the House. He could not lay claim to much brüluiicy, as one of the lion, members for the city had said, but several lind borne testimony to the zeal, industry, and honesty with which he had done his duty in that House. If they were favored during another session with the company ol ihe lion, member for the City (Mr. Moorhouse) he Inped the brilliancy of that lion, member would continue to enlighten the House, and that they might profit by his eloquence and his wisdom. He would now leave the motion with the House. He believed it was only the second motion of that kind that had been brought forward in that House; by-the-by the Treasurer had once brought forward such a motion against a former Ministry. |Thc Treasurer, " What MinUtry 't"\ The Baker Ministry. Did the Treasurer find fault with tho Baker Ad- - ministration or with Mr. Baker ss Chief Secretary? (Loud / laughter, Jand no, no.) He would now conclude merely saying that all the arguments he had heard pn the opposite side st the question were weak and valid. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL rose to explain two personal matters which had been referred to by the hon. member. The letter from Mr. Fuller which he had read impeached his veracity. When he spoke of having seen Messrs. Fuller and Co.'s deed of partnership, he did not mean that he had examined the identical deed which Mr. Fuller had in his pos- session, but he had what he believed to be a true copy in his own desk at the present timr. (Hear, hear.) And as to the accusation respecting detailing a private conversation about the bon. member (Mr. Blyth's) auxiety to join the Ministry, it was a thing so generally known and spoken of. it was alluded to in the press, and was so notorious that be felt himself at perfect liberty to speak of it without any fear of being guilty of a breach of confidence. (Hear. hear). The motion was then put, and the SPEAKER declared the Ayeshadit. A division was then called for, and shewed the following result : Ates, ig.-Messrs. Bagot N. Blyth, Coglin, Date, Duffield, Finniss, Glyde, Grundy, Kingston, Mildred, Milne, Santo, Sutherland, Townsend, Wark. A. Blyth (teller.) Noes, 17.-The Attorney-General, the Commissioner of Crown Lands, the Commissioner of Public Works ; Messrs. Anderson, Bakewell, Browne. Cole, Dunn, Hallett, Hay, Magarey, McEIIister, Moorhouse, Owen, Parkin, Peacock, and the Treasurer (teller.) »The SPEAKER'S announcement that there was a majority of oue in favor of the Noes was received with loud cheers, which were immediately suppressed. PAPER. The TREASURER laid a paper on the table. ORDERS OF THE DAY. ' All Orders of the Day remainiug on the paper were made Orders of the Day for the next day. ADJOURNMENT. The House adjourned at 20 minutes to 7. NOTICES OF MOTION AND ORDEES OF THE DAY. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. Wednesday, Novevioeb 27. , , Orders op the Dav : 1\. Roads Amendment Bill, Isgi : third reading. 2\. Real Property Bill of 186! : third reading. 3\. Municipal Corporations Bill, 1301 : third reading. HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Wednesday, November 27. Notice op Motion : 1\. The Commissioner of Public Works (Mr. Lindsay) to move "The sesond reading of the Waterworks Act Amendment Bill." Orders op the Day : 1\. TriE Treasurer (Mr. Reynolds) to move " That the House resolve itself into a Committee of the whole for the purpose of considering the following resolu- tions, viz.: "1. That it is desirable that all restrictions on distillation should be removed. " 11. That a graduated scale of reduced duties oa foreign spirits should be adopted. "iii. That the general taxation should be adjusted to com- pensate for any loss the revenue may sustain by the adoption of free distillation and reduced duty on foreign spirits. "iv. That an address be presented to His Excellency the Governor-in-Chief, praying His Excellency that a Bill embodying the principles of the above resolutions may be prepared and submitted early next session for the considera- tion of Parliament." 2\. Local Courts Act Amendment Bill : consideration in Committee of amendments made by the Legislative Council. ' 3\. Drainage from Mines Bid : consideration in Committee of amendments made by the Legislative Council.. 4\. Electoral Act Amendment Bill : consideration in Com- mittee of amendments made by the Legislative Council. 5\. Mr. Coglin to move "That, in the opinion of this House, It is desirablo that a pilot should be at once appointed for assisting vessels pro- ceeding to Port Augusta." 6\. Mr. Coglin to move " That, in the opinion of this House, it is desirable that ' moorings be laid down at or near Port Augusta, and that the river shall be either buoyed off or beaconed." Contingent Notice of Motion: 1\. The Commissioner of Public Works (Mr. Lindsay) to move (contingent on the Waterworks Act Amendment Bill passing through Committee) " That the Standing Orders be suspended, for the purpose of enabling the Bill to be passed through its remaining stages." 