VICTORIA THEATRE.- "Hamlet" was per- formed at the Victoria Theatre on Tuesday evening, with Mr. Robert Heir as the Danish Prince, and Mrs. Heir as Ophelia. The exertions of both Mr. and Mrs. Heir were acknowledged by much well-merited applause. Mrs. Heir's rendering of Ophelia was artistic and entirely successful. Mr. Heir's Hamlet was a very excellent per- formance, and not the least of its merits was its truth- fulness to nature. This was especially remarkable in the scene with the Queen, before Polonius meets his death at Hamlet's hand ; and in the delivery of the passages with Laertes before the foil play is commenced. Mr. Heir is entitled to unaffected praise for the evident conscientiousness with which he has studied Shakspere, and which determines him to seek to portray nature as it is rather than to pander to the exigencies of mere stage effect. Of the other characters we will only say that Mrs. Hill as Queen Gertrude, Mr. Fitzgerald as the Ghost, Mr. Lawrence as Laertes, and Mr. Macgowan as the Gravedigger, sustained very satisfactorily their re- spective parts. The theatre was tolerably well attended. Tonight " Ingomar" will be performed, with Mr. Heir as Ingomar, and Mrs. Heir as Parthenia. REMARKABLE INSTANCE OF CANINE SAGACITY. -While the hon. member for Barossa, Mr. E. L. Grundy, was addressing the members of the House of Assembly, on Tuesday last, a handsome retriever obtained ingress to the Chamber, and manifested con- siderable interest in the proceedings. As Mr. Grundy's novel, but probably indignant auditor, managed to attract a larger share of attention than the hon, member could secure, the latter at last called attention to the fact that a "stranger" was in the House, and the stranger was therefore expelled. Will it be over-esti- mating the intelligence of the animal to assume that its movements were prompted by the desire to give the hon, member a Roland for his Oliver? NAIRNE WESLEYAN METHODIST CHAPEL. The anniversary services of the above place of worship were held on Sunday and Monday the 18th and 19th instant. On Sunday last three sermons were preached, those in the morning and evening by the Rev. Mr. Brown, Wesleyan ; that in the afternoon by the Rev. Mr. Read, Primitive Methodist. On Monday a tea and public meeting were held, when addresses were deli- vered by the Rev. Messrs. Chester and Brown, and other gentlemen. Their appeals were well responded to. The whole of the services were well attended, and the total amount realized in cash and promises was £75. KARKARILLA. MINE.-The following extract from a letter addressed to the Directors, by Captain Young, has been handed to us for publication :-" I will now state my opinion as regards the many different lodes that run direct, into our four sections. I believe there are not less then 12 different parralel lodes, of a splendid character, which I believe 1 will cut in a short time." PUBLIC WORKS.-The following tenders have been received at the office of the Colonial Architect for building a large rifle butt on the South Park Lands : W. Lines, £802 (accepted) ; and English & Brown, £844. Also for fencing ranges round the Rifle Butts on South Park Lands :-W. Lines, £270 (accepted) ; Hobson & Knell, £27G ; W. Buchanan, £288 4s. 3d. ; English & Brown, £300 ; and Beckwith & Halstead, £310. TENDERS FOR CAVALRY UNIFORMS.-The fol- lowing tenders for about 30 suits of clothing for the Reedbods Cavalry have been sent in :-No11. Thomas Gatty Brown, per suit, £-1 los. (accepted) ; No. 2. G. T. Thompson, £4, 15s. ; No. 3, John Hodgkiss & Co., £515s. FORESTERS' ANNIVERSARY, HINDMARSH. We are requested to call attention to the alteration in the date of the Foresters' Anniversary at Hindmarsh. The dinner will be held this evening, and not on the 27th, as previously advertised. 