THE LICENSING LAAYS; " /Though both, the impolicy and injustice of tlie existing licensing laws nre admitted by all classes, and by hone moire than that class for wliose especial protection they were designed, a strange tardiness /on the part of .the' Legislature, and an inexplicable apathy on the part of " the public, liaye been mani fested, and though reform is so urgently needed, nothing has been done towards ac- complishing it. aiiere muse oe some very powerful counteracting influence in the As sembly opposed to the professed license law reformers, for every attempt to achieve a; " consummation so devoutly tp be desired " in the shape of a radically new system, has somehow or , other failed. JMichie's Bottje Bill ended in smoke, Prendergast's has met with an uncertain fate, Howard's .Colonial- Beer Bill was withdrawn, and no one else appears "to have the hardihood to take up, the Bubjecfc. The License Xaw Reform; League of Castlemaine and district have been afflicted with the same somnolency that has" stricken the Legislature, and after a feeble struggle to get. up .a mem oriaT quietly gave up the ghost ; in fact, throughout the colony, from the Legislature downwards, the most unaccountable disinclination to remedy the evils complained of has been displayed. A singular, though it must be confessed, an ingenuous, document, in the form of a report, has recently been adopted at the second annual meeting of the Ballarat Li censed Victuallers Association, from which we freely extract, in order to wake if pos sible. . the sleepers from their dangerous dreams. After alluding to some details of the Association, it congratulates the trade on the fortunate decease of Michie's Bottle Bill/adding "that a petition from that Asso ciation, in opposition to its provisions had been sent down. It proceeds to say that, Howard's Bill for legalising the sale of colo nial ale in other than public houses " was strongly opposed hy your' committee, who" assisted in a" great measure in 'throwing the bill out; j but the hill has been reintroduced by Mr Howard this session, and it will be necessary to oppose it again when the proper, time arrives." The public'- must feel espe cially grateful to the Ballarat licensed victuallers, for their' past disinterested efforts, ; however much they may. doubt that they have been attended with Buch success as the framers of the report take credit for. At the. same time, their future intentions are unequivocally stated, and should be met with a counter, movement oh the part" of all those opposed to the restrictions suggested. All the energy appears to be with the pub licans; all the lethargy with the brewers ; and the protectionist - members .of the As sembly are furnished - with . an apparently unanswerable argument when they point to the petitions' and memorials pouring in on one side, as opposed to - the desultory and disunited ebullitions of public feeling on the: other. ... . - - / If any relaxation iu tlie existing laws is required, it is necessary for all, but more es pecially "the brewers restaurant and refresh ment tent .keepers, to form such combina tions as/will counteract the benevolent pro jects of the Ballarat and other associations, who hold views: in consonance with the above "derdaratioh. The report next alludes to Mr Prendergast's ' Bill,- -of which notice still stahdB on the paper, wherein; it is pro posed to issue licenses to anyone to sell li quors of all descriptions on payment of 'a sum offrve pounds, but at the same time making proper provision for the" surveillance of all license holders. In our humble opinion, and we have given our reasons at length oh previous occasions, this is tlie very wisest, as well as the most lucrative course' far' the Legislature to pursue. Tlie trade in, .' liquor admittedly cannot lie repressed. ... Granting even that it is an evil, for argument's sake, is it not better that those engaged in it should he placed under proper restrictions ; and, making a virtue of necessity," that the law should recognise what iir< cannot prevent? Instead of a systematic evasion of license fees, a moderate sum would gladly he paid by all, "and for every, publican now paying 25 1, ten persons would pay 51. The consump tion would not be one whit increased' but the revenue would he enormously aug mented ; the occupation of revenue officers employed to entrap men into a criminal offence, would be superseded by the more le gitimate surveillance of the regular police, and there would be less debauchery than under the present system. The Ballarat victuallers, however, are not of this opinion. in tneir report tney say, " This measure it will also be necessary to oppose wheh the bill has been read a first time:" But even these gentlemen are in favor of an alteration' being made in the present licensing laws,- and inform tlie world that, in conjunction, with the Melbourne Licensed Victualler's Association, they have prepared a hill which" has been entrusted to Mr Loader, and great hopes are, entertained that that legislator, will carry it through triumphantly. "We may remind' our readers that Mr Loader is Commissioner of Trade and Customs; and therefore the hill referred to may be Baid to possess' an official character, and when brought forward it will, be actually, under minisferial auspices. It will be curious to see how the "popular" Government act with: regard to what must unquestionably be" regarded as pbpixlar measures. The report goes on to enlighten "lis as'to the provisions of the bill which comes out under such favorable cir cumstances. It sayti— " The principal fea tures of the hill are, .the renewal of a license upon the. production of the previous license, providing there is no objection in writing to such j- 'thV transfer of licenses ; the removal of licenses from, one house to another; the abolition' of the necessity of having a lamp- over' the door, where 'tbe pub lican is rated- for ' lighting .the streets' of any city or town; the enabling of licensed per sons to recover debts:; the extension of; hours of sale under the ofdinary 'ltcense from four o'clock a.m. to twelve at night on any day j and from one to three p.m., and five tp ten p.m., on Sunday, Good Friday, and Christ mas Day ; the lssuihg. of ' night licenses to sell from twelve at : night, imtil; four; in the morning, on ithy; "day 'except Sunday." -No; doubt a most satisfactory hill for- publk-ans, ( for. it in point of fact.'.would-reinove.all disa- "bilitieB; under .-which they ? labor, whilst - th geher.'tl public woul Ahot lie advantaged one jot, and w-hen combined ;\vit'h such ah enact ment it is; ruled that (Joloniahale shall only be sold by licensed- publicans, when intrusive PrendergastS, or innovating Jlichies are >ut to the rout, surely the publican millenium must be at hand. But our friends over the way are reckoning without their hosts, and the hosts for .the nonce are .somewhat in the position of the Jfsopiandbg who grtspedafctim. shadow and lost the Rubstance. . In tryingrto; prove too mtich. they will prove nothing at all instead of endeaxouring'tp1 amend the hfcw em as to confer; some. benefit mn all, they aije' endeavouring- only ip' cash uupleasant_bur- deris." from their; own. "shoulders, -allowing .every other "clhgs)"br MtCi'est -to : take. ,ite: ch'ahfie. Hiere"iV ;pne iiipyo Citraiii'Viflficji' we commend'io public attention. "A depit-" tatioh was: appointed ''o' wait, upon' t-hp ritefwiota. i .fh.'Joiicuink fliaitt:. aiiririnilf. LUUUUAJ UJOVitVVUj WW wuwwy uiivix" w dhd Co Opera tibn iii' fofwhf'ding/ the . bill' . ifl-- troduced -by -the:.rld«ensed.< .Victuallers of- 'Melbourne and 'Balaf!ft, 'ahduaiso in,opp(q ing' the ' measures " of ' Mesri's/ :'Prendettst and, Howard. Tour c.Ojnnuttee have mucn- gjeahiire , in stating fhat the surrounding eouhtry districts; :..vi?.-,- A-Gresw.iok,-;-ChHies,v SmythesdaJe, ,and lBuninyopg, hav.e. adopted the views.heldyjpuricommitree/and havpt. not only promised ito'give-theiriussistance ih supporting them hut. haye determined/to jpin . the. associatioii, so1 .asito ,for& a' ptr opger cpiix'- bination than h|s -yet-existeil:" ! s T The) gauntlet is. fairly Sndf opOrily,rthcc&tL;: down)"the.Yierws-ofrtMiBaAsaociation are can-" didly declared,, and; the; opposition know.esj- hbtly what thej' hay'e'td mee( The -last-few lines, w'e have quoted Are ticAiJarly ifbrthy -ot -notice, for whilst: they foil oi" the strong combination that haU: been formed to carry, out 'the .polijsjr.so Vdely.'efined, we havfe" not a stDgle - association out combination of): anj-kind whatever , to ' bffet in_ oppqsiion.ti The question lies in'the hands of. the' public, aiwltoh 'the spirit shown :byifhemr.betWeeh noiv aild the itiffie-' of ' its idjscuSsio.n ib the , Assembly, will the votes.'. o'frriahy'jnembeiis; depend. If the colonial brewers, whose . trade -j is virtually uudeh a- 'batfif' -the re freshment tent and. restauraflt'-'keepers, whps are - daily compelled to induf' thd tiskipf he--1 ing placed in the categoyy of ernOinais — will not unite to remove the disabilities under' which they labour'; if. csftjeeiajly the lattex- will hot seek to -rifhemieTCvesTol - the. degrading espionage to ?whiclr thqy.nret sub-! jeet'ed; then we'miidt saytiLS-tirh® trdde of<: one deserves not to flp- ishj- anthat sy.n(." pqthy will be wasted .on .the £tiy wHen,,he is ; brought under the sentence' .-Of- the sabsurd, and iniquitous law- he makes', fioroftbrt tp- aholish of amend. " , j 'j. | 