MR. GLADSTONE (FROM THE .SATURDAY'RÉVTOY1.),* I. Great are the charms of purity of music, and ," of eloquence. Godiva to invert Mr. Gladstone's i own metaphor, and to apply it to himself-has once more taken that yearly ride through the A House of Commons which disarms all critical, i j es, turns Peeping Tom of Buckinghamshire to i tone, and usually succeeds in crowning with success the rider's expensive prayer. The 'a annual triumph of the cause of Finance has taken place this week, with the ordinary ceremonies. Year after year, Mr. Gladstone advances, harp in land, to rescue his budget from the House of Commons, as Orpheus recovered Eurydice from the hands of fate. At his approach, the arbiters if his happiness soften their hearts and stay their hands to listen to his speech. Each mere jumble Rhadamanthus veils his face, and justice melts into pity. Whatever be the ultimate fate of the band's petition, the first impression. made by his voice is certainly that of extreme sweetness. Not a single Cerberus from the silks of the independent watchdogs of the house feels inclined to bark. The unhappy i denizens of those " infernal regions, the Opposition benches condemned for long years to sit in fruitless hopes of promotion and release \- for awhile remit their writhings. Even that tortured ghost, Mr. Horsman, respire. I'eEtined, like Sisyphus, for ever to roll his stone i awards in the direction of the Treasury benches, and to find it suddenly and inexplicably come falling down upon him again-for one instant, while Orpheus speaks, he stands still to gaze. The indefatigable Sir John Pakington rests upon his wheel. Those urns of the Dandies the hundred heads of our hundreds country gentle n enter an hour or so succeed in holding some fling. Pale, shady spectres from the Carlton, i rd young, active, and banquetting Harpies, lent, some day, upon becoming Junior Lords at least- all listen and are mute. Even Mr) Dis- relief Mr. Disraeli is to be considered as one of the Furies of the place-feels the soft spell while " The Furiestink upon their iron beds, And analysis, uncurled, hang listening round their heads." Such, for a day or two at least, is the potent influence of Gladstone and of song. Whether the spirits grant his bold request or not, the tones in which he clothed it were agreeable to all except, perhaps, to the jealous ear of Marsyas, if & Marsyas there be Never has Mr. Gladstone shown himself more practical in finance, or more completely a son of that Alma Mater whom he is about to desert, than on this last occasion. It is almost absurd to talk of his leaving Oxford. Mr. Gladstone is Oxford. He is a combination of liberal education, of mediaeval romance, and of poetical and scientific genius. He may cease to carry the i suffrages of his University, he will not so easily cease to represent her foibles and her virtues. She polished Roman poet, in the midst of those hardy ploughmen whose pursuits he pretended to admire and enjoy, would not have been more out of place than Mr. Gladstone among the manufacturing districts French wines and Exchequer bills will never so completely fill his brain as to drive from it the wrongs of all the Helens, mytho- logical or modern, whose champion he is. _ Cotton unrelieved by more classical ideas will be heavy on his soul). United to a thrifty and money making constituency, he will be like a poet who has married his housekeeper, and who lives distracted between the din of crockery and the music of the spheres. He will regret the quiet waters of the lids and the ecclesiastical repose of Academia, as he hangs up his hand with a sigh in the smoke of more laborious cities, and amid the hum of more energetic men. ' Mr. Gladstone's last Budget speech has proved f 1 at he is the best member for his University. Never has the Muse of arithmetic been clothed in more variegated garments, or led down the names of a classical dance so swiftly and deftly to the sound of minstrelsy. Mr. Gladstone has this time excelled himself in parable, in allegory, and in crepe. Apollo, who stands ever at his elbow whether he be talking to an English Parliament or to an Ionian Assembly, or composing critical ciEajs, or writing 'Greek verse boB supplied his favourite son with a more than ordinary number of quotations from Schiller, from Virgil, and from Tennyson. As the Chancellor of the Exchequer went on, the ground actually broke into flowers beneath his feet. He sang of the loves of direct and indirect taxation of the lunar influences of the Customs on the Excise of maid-servants, and how, by a happy extension of spirit licences, he proposed to preserve it cm from journeyings in quest of spirits to the publichouse in the tone of an Etonian, an Oxonian, and a scholar. Then, with true academic year ingenuity, he turned round and applied himself to science. Minute calculations enabled him to show the precise details in which his Budget of last year had been unsuccessful, and the subtlety with which he alluded to that Budget's defects made his listeners forgot that there had been defects at all. As befitted a Churchman and a diFcipleof Aldrich, he dwelt on all the arguments that told in his favour, and with half-closed eyes stepped lightly over the difficulties that told against him. Close analysis enabled him discover, and to take credit for discovering, the shortness of the financial year as soon as the financial year was over. "With the July supplementary votes he dealt like a sophist and an orator and he passed quickly ever the awkward fact that last year's revenue was largely assisted from exceptional sources. He pointed out that the House was pledged to repeal the paper-duties, but did not insist upon the topic of a pledge that was once given on the subject of tea and sugar, or a personal no less than a Parliamentary promise once made about the income tax. A mass of ingenious and subtle reasoning from effects to causes, of minute but luminous argument, of additions here, and sub- tractions there, all mixed up with a stream of poetry and romance, was devoted to prove that what Mr. Gladstone had predicted last year was not so false as it appeared. The spirits of the schoolmen who haunt the groves of Academe would have glowed with pleasure and pride to hear the St. Bernard of finance-the beautiful mystic converse upon political economy. Nor is it possible that any other constituency but that of Oxford should be worthy of so much intellectual agility. The Muse is pleased to learn that her rcm antic son and Chancellor of the Exchequer pauses amid dry details of calculation to rescue females in distress, and to work himself into a passion at the thought of the degrading necessity which compels maid-servant to fetch spirits from a publichouse in cases of sudden domestic illness. The Muse is ready with him to pass over the proBy truth that it is not much use relieving them from the necessity of fetching spirits on exceptional occasions from a tavern, while so many of them labour under the degrading necessity of repairing them hourly for beer. Mr. Gladstone is true to himself in protecting maidservants with as sublime a sentimentalism as that with which he defends the heroine of Troy. These little straws show a wind that naturally blows from the quarter of a poetical University, not from the sober and practical regions of South All Mr Gladstone's subtlety and finesse belonging as it does to a kind of diungenuity that never shows itself so strangely as in conscientious minds- would soon distract and bewilder any but a scholastic constituency. Something, no doubt, Mr. Gladstone loses by being tied to an extremely conservative body. But he gains something by being tied to a body that can appreciate and admire intellectual crotchets, scholastic attainments, and con- troversial power. A manufacturing district would encourage him, it is true, to fling himself into the Liberal cause with fervour. But it would soon cease to forgive him-what Oxford has now many times forgiven him-his splendid capricoB | and his gorgeous subtleties, which are, after all, the weaknesses and the vagaries of genius. South Lancashire might easily some day be very much divided within her own mind at the sight of so much versatility. Oxford, on the other hand, may be proud of it. It is characteristic of herself; and she ought to be ready to pardon it in her Bon. No other constituency can rowell afford to look quietly upon and remedy the sight of its member weaving interminable f sophistries, building lofty budgets out of nothing, sporting with finance, experimentalizing on the revenue, setting the Stock Exchange a-blaze, kindling bonfires out of old taxes, and every now and then retiring from the scene of grandeur and of destruction to compose on epigram or to trans- love a Latin ideas LARGE YIELD FROM QUARTZ. We are able this week to report one of the largest yields that have been obtained in the district for some time. North and Co., of the well-known claim on Nug- ' gety Beef, have had 139 ounces from four tons, ci used at the company's mill. The gold was obtained from a flat leader not more than two or three inches thick, and is said to have been nearly all contained in a single ton of the quartz. Two < so ago about £3,000 or £4,000 was taken from this claim in little more than two months, and the fiipcitranco of the auriferous vein is so good, that a conciderable, if not so good a return as before, is again - anticipated from it. Mount A handed Mail, June 20, A SUBMARINE PHOTOGRAPHY photograph has been taken of the bed of the sea in Woy li earth Bay by Mr. Thompson. The camera was placed in a box with a plateglass front and n on the shutter, to be drawn up when the cruisers was Black to the bottom. The camera, Vcintr focussed in this box on land for objects in the foreground at about ten yards, was let down from a boat, carrying with it the collection plate, and the shutter raised and plate exposed for ten minutes. The box was drawn up, and the rouge developed was of rocks and weeds ; but the print advantage anticipated to be derived from this application of the art is to obtain a knowledge of the condition of piers, bridges, piles, and firtictures under water Illustrated London News, April 20. 