EUROPEAN MISCELLANY. A vkiiy rare phenomenon — tlio Jtttoia rainbow — ob- served ut St. Petornburg on the 2nd January, at 2 p.iii*, spanning the city lrom west to cast, Even paler tuna a lunar rainbow, the bow presented only an aw of dan/Juic1 white, except m ite cant curve, where the rod, orange, fl|id yellow rays woio easily dihtinguisliod. The cultivation of rice is being introduced, with rem ark Able bucccbk, into l lie Spanish province of Catalonia. ; ? The Jaut nal du Lotrct having spoken of a Woman m that Department who has given birth to throe bovs in the splmc oi eleven mouths, one of ite subscribers has addressed to ite Editor a letter stating that his wife had presented liim with four childreh in tho course of ton months, vie, two on the 18th Feb/paiy, ' 1841, and two more on the 10th December of the «amc year, 'I might, therefore,*' cbn tinuos tho forfcunatelauic^, V have presented, next year, four ttxruite.tothe Kmpcror; unfortunately, the two first-born tirc4oad» - Thoother two ere tall enough to be gronadiir*. Eleven months- afterwards, Lmy- wife again gave birth to twine, mafctngJiiQtal oft# ohildrcn.in the space of thirty months, wo have had ' tgiLOthdrfc .since ; puking sixteen in nll.,r I. Quota* . ^fiking. ? pity on ft pooj Highland femtiytiiat was adding, 40'tbeenmber of. her subjects $£ a rate even morerapid-^S wifc having given birth St oncp to eixtshildrtJi— Iscnt^^cnty pounds te thefathot towards pro viding theih.Wi,th pop. Fumo and Go», -of this city, have published an album, rontainingtwdve ihflgnilicent engravings of the principal Madonnas of Raphael, with a biography of the nntedrtal master* 1 Herr Stonel, who has set portions of Professor Long fellow^ ?'Hiawatha'' to music, gave a first performance «t CoVent Garden Theatre (London), on Monday last, consist ing of the reading of selections from that poem'— so gene rally a favourite in England — by Miss Matilda Huron, . in terspersed with music illustrative ofthe theme, by the com poser liimself ; the vocal portions boing rendered by Madame l'almicri. The reader was correct but cold; the singer not altogether faultless in the execution of the part of the enter tainment confided toiler; but tho uiusic esj»cciullv thodpnth Song of Minnehaha, the Beggar's Dance, and tuo Clibius of Ghosts, in good, nnd the novel attempt wan, on tho whole, successful. Tlie London Stereoscopic Society are preparing for pre sentation to the Queen, on album of portraits, which will contain a gallery of over tlireo hundred of hor most emi nent living subject* — poets, historians, etalesmen, artiste, and divines. Rumour speaks highly of the quality of euch of these photographs as are already exocuted. Jl is ho secret that the -Queen and Prince Albert are adepts in'tliis branch of artistic mechanics. Two years ago her Majesty presented to the Emperor of the French, as a Christmas ? rift, an album containing portraits of. all the members of her family, taken by lier own royal hands; aud the Prince Consort is believed to possess the finest collodion of photo. graphs in existence. In tho Annates Gunbriae,' ^ the oldest of existing Welsh ohroniclos, just published under the careftil editorship of the loomed and Row John W« Ab-Ithcl, M.Ai, rector of Llanymowddy, the pedigree of the illus trious old-world chieftain Owain contains, among th? list of ancestors on the female aide, the name bf 'Anna, 'wife of Bolus the Great, and cousin of the Virgin Mary, mother of our Lord.' In this curious work are recorded luminous night6, dark days, eclipses, Goodly -coiuotb, end ehowci* of blood and of all- devouring worms with two teeth, 'that could only be got rid of ny. fasting and prayer. Whiter Tyrrell is mentioned, not as a regicide, but as u a ecu a in soldier who was looking after doer. In another old M3., recently brought to fight, the mysterious blocks of Stono limgc are srid to have been brought through the air, by the magic oil of Merlim from Ireland, whither they had been previously conveyed' from Africa by the hands of giants. The old chronicler states, moreover, that these fruuous stones mark tho spot where tlie Northman, Hcojriftt. treacherously slew the Britaius who, on bib visitation, hod assembled there for friendly conference. ' On that day,' he adds, ' the name of Britain was lost, and thai of Hcu gi&tl;&nd; (by nyncope, Hcngland) took its place.' The Gourt -Councillor- SoltikofT, havftig retired from public life, has published nit amusing, but stinging volume of skctchcH of Russian life.' Ainrmca by the tendency and power of the satirical pictures in which the author portrays the frauds .fred .corruptions of the tchin/7 or Uicntvhv of the Ruarian .Civil Service, whose . extortions ! aud tyi-onny, reduced to a system, are the great Iwvae of his native land, tlie conservatives of bureaucracy ? en deavoured to persuade the Ewpcmr to prohibit the book ; but the C21U-, having read it, iustcad of condemning (he work, declared that he had been much amuocd by it One of the portraits given is that of a district doctor— a ' tsebinovniek,' as all tho incmliorfl of tho tscliin ' are rolled. That wa* n wonderful fellow, thorc'6 no doubt about it. Whatever lie took in hand always turned out bo welt, that it was a pleasure to see it. One would think tlml Vftednu tion was a tduiple thing, aud yet he managed te get some thing out of even that. He would go to the .Court, aud lay out oil his instrument*; ; a turning lathe, different saws, files, bores, anvils, and knives as big a« though ho Were going to cut up am ox. Next day, when the old women and children were assembled, all these tools were sot going ; the lathes squeaked, the knives, were ground, while tho children blubbered, and ? the old women groaned enough to plague a sgint. Meantime, he kept walk ing up and down the room with an afr of importance, pufling at his' pipe, sipping liis glass, and calling ? on the surgeon to grind^ ibie knives sharper. ;Thc foolish old women, seeing all this, whimpered the lhore. 'La, my dear, he'll cut the babies to pieces with his . knives; and see how drunk he, is, himself' they would whisper together,. With streaming eyes, and wringing their bonds. Alterjahothej-.ludf-hour of jiuiscn'and whisperings, j the doctor judges that their terrors have , oocn worked up to the proper jritoh, when they are told- that they may choose,, either to give him half a ':silver rouble a piece, and be let go, or nOt.to give it, and have the; baby's arms cut oft'/' The same ' tschinoonick ' carried his humorous extor tion to.a tragic^'/wfo. in the case of a -poor Tartar peasant, who had shot luiusclf by accideut. Well, of course, there was on inquiiy ; it wofu found to have boon done by accident, but jJih District Court decided that tho ciiruui siance must bo 'ascribed to the will of God, but thai the peosant^must be put into the hands of the district doctor to be cured. Ivan Petrovitch received the court's order, but voted it a bore to go to the wounded peasant, he lived su- h a way on. However, about three weeks later, having busi ness on that 6ide of the country, and Iwving suddenly re membered that the peasant was well otT, the doctor took hiui on his way. But the mail's shoulder had bcoome quite well in the meantime. The doctor, on entering tho cottage, displayed the court'* -order, and ordered the peasant to Htrip. 'But, papa, my shoulder is quiiewell,' replied tliepcasant ; ' I have been at work again for a fortnight.' ' But look, you idolator, look at the ukase ! 1 am commanded to cure you.' There being uo help for iiim, ihc peasant at length stripped the up;w»r part of his person, displaying the already healed arm to the nootor; 011 which the latter began to prise liim with his lancet on the still tender spot. The fellow roared at the top ol' his voice, but the doctor only grinned, fjtill pricking liiiu and pointing to the paper; nor did ho cease his infiicliou until the peasant had given him three gold-pieces. *? Now, God be with you,' said tlie doctor, as he rode away. But Ivan Pctrovieh did not stay away long. Whenever he was in want of money, he came to the peasant's cottage, aimed with his lancet and ukase, and pumped him thus so cfibctuolly that, by the end of tho veor, he, had possessed himself of every cpin saved up by his victim. The latter grew thin, could neither eat uor drink, and raved perpetually on tlie subject of the doctor, who, when he found the poor fellow was really penniless*, left off . visiting , luni. The peasant then took breath, and began to pick up a little. : But.one day it happened that another tschinoonick, quite a different individual, passed through the village, 'and, having heard that the peasant wab reputed to have money, enquired of some of the people touching his health. The neighbours thus intcrrog;itcd rushed to tiip aianV cottage, and told hiui that there' was a tschinoonick. asking, after him*. And what do vou think ? He, imagining that it was 1he doctor, come to prm tiee upon him again, went off te his barn, Without snfiug a word to any one, and hanged himself. ' According to « Frankfort journal, the Ditches* oi' (Estgothland, while travelling recently in Sweden, chnn' cd to hear a young peasant singing over her work. (Struck bv the beauty 'and purity of her voice, the Duchess took the peasant girl under her protection, aud having sub mittal the tones of her protegee to the judgment ofthe best professors of singing in Stockholm, has sent the girl to Paris, where *he is now being carefully trained ns a singer at the expense of her protectress. The new Swedish Nightingale, Cnrihtinc Nilson by umuo, is couriered i-* likely to become ayj- aude KinlaUuc. According to the military statistics of !8o7, of 310,289 young Frenchmen who figured in the lists of the conscrip tion lor that year, there were but 192,873, or less than two thirds, who could icad aud write. For tho same year, of 2,200,000 boys returned in the census, 47-3,000 aid not attend any school. Of 2,000,000 girls, .333,000 were totally without education. The Abbe Lftvigcrie, in ft letter !o the Mcac/iiul dc l\m thus describes a \i*it toAb-del-Kader: — ''1 could not think of leaving the East without going in ihc uameoftheFrcm-li Catholics to otter U- the illustrious Emir an expression of their admiration and bymputhy for his generous conduct. One ol our prelates oko cluiigod me to remind the Emir thai they bad mcl in France, and to toll liim thus he (the prelate) was noi m all sniprised at lii* noble conduct, a* he had never known a mau who adhered more strictly. io utitimil justice. I acquitted myself ot my mission, aud the Kinir, Mriking his breast in the Arab fashion, modestly said ' 1 am only a sinner. 1 did my duty, una deserve 110 thank* on Unit account. I am, however, glad that people in France are1 pleased with what I have done, for 1 love I'Taw-c, and remember nil that I have received from her.' I 11-ked hire if he did not prefer the climate of Syria to our cloudy sky and chilly temperature. ? Ah 1 ' he answered, * (ho sky of Ambroise if line, but nut so fine an that ol' Syria, the sky of Pnu, however, reminded ine ol' my own. I entertain a grateful recollection of my residence ui the latter town, and of tho kindness with which I was troatod.' I 'then spoke to hint of the Countess do B- who is so well-known in your town for lier charity, and who lxad begged , me to reiffind the Emir of her, 'I have received a letter from her,' ho answered. 1 She is one of tho most perfect women one can meet with. I ahull never forget tho services eho rendered me when I wob unhappy at Pau, and nil that she did lor my children . j «bah aend lier a JitUe present a* a souvenir, and you will be kind enough (0 present it. 1 wish J were able to *ond otbera to all those whom I knew at PftU/ The conversation then tumed on nflkiisin1 Syria, aud tho shore of tlie Emir in the reoont ovents there. The next day he Bent-tome, by one ofhis family, a small oofler^f mother of pcarlj richly sculptured, for tlie Countess ;de B ? ?, accompanied by a gracious letter. The eofTer -boittg destined for a Christian, the Emir had the delicate tact to procure it. from Bethlehem ' ? - - — ^ Nowthdf Francis 11. has quitted GaoU, there ire not less than fifty-five mcmbors of the Bourbon fumily in exile* out or the sovcnf.y-four who are direct or. collateral descendants of Louis XIV. The Bourbons of Naples,' vix. : 'Francis II., five brothers, four sisters; throe uncles- with nine children, and his five aunts (ox-Quoon. Marie Amclic, irafi Duchesses of Berry and (Salerno) and a cousin German, the D uclioas D ' Aumalo total, twenty -sit - Tho Bourbons of Spain, viz. : the Infante Don- Juan, , two children ; total, three; 'The Bourbons of Fr&npe;— Count de Chambord, and his sister, the Duchess of Parma, with four children ; ' total six* The Orleans Bonrbohk yfr. ?— Count de Paris, Duke do Chartres, Dukes de Nemours, D'Auinole, and Montpensicr. and Prince ac Joiriville, with llieir sixteen children ; total, ' twenty, wf. the nineteen Bourbons not in exile,* are the Rova! family of Spain, six teen in number, the Empress of Braeil {net PrtnMss of Naples) flie' Duchess of gaxc-Oobnfg-Gotiia (ww^Fiinoes* of Orleans), and Duie Charles III.-of Tanna, lpftate of Spain, who abdicated. ; ' ' - J' ! A correspondent of the London Chun Journal wntes The. idea that jealousy is confined to the human face is wrong, the cat, dog, common fowls, and domestic ringing birds, ace strongly acted upon^ by that vicious ©rpboleric sentiment. Last summer I. had a- pet goldfinch that warbled deliriously. In tho autumn I look a- fancy to a canary, which I purchased for its remarkably fifre'nytefl. I hung.thc cages of both birds in the parlour jwhido^,; and from that very hour the goldfinch _ ceased to sing, 'moped nnd remained in the bottom of his cage. I immediately left off caressing inv new purelra.se, and approached tho goldfinch apd passed my finger through tho wirtotof his cage, when it spipng upon its perch, flew into hi; most furiuuK rage^ pecked with all its might at' my fijigeT until rxli&ustcd;, it loll down, gave a low and KonwfuJ chirp and died. s A lady at Southampton writes tothe same paper, that she lias a parrot which ha* just laid fivo beautiful eggs, tho shells of ..which are pure white. She states _that tho bird is upwards of lliirty-flve years of age, and that, with the exception of an egg laid Inst year, thsso are the only eggs it -ever laid. Dp to the laying of thofirsttgg. it had always keen considered a male bird* : It basket talked rnhcfl during the past few months, bat h&s; been in good health. r a , : Dr.' E. Smith, of the London Hospital for Consumption and Bronchitis, lias been leotuxfng in the hall of the Society of Arte on'*1 Tne Uses of Tea fn the Healthy System.' Tho lecturer stated ^ that three- -prinoipab questions -had been raised regarding the influence of tea ; 1, That the waste of the body was lessened. 2. That the body was nourished. 3\. That, by lessening waste, supply might be lessened, and yet the bodily powers duly sustained. After quoting many opinions in favour of . tho theory that the use of tea lessened bodily waste, he stated that his ' own experience and that of rrofessor Lehman seemed to. show, that it in creased this waste. The only states in which he consi dered fhtrt tea might be 'useful were— 1* 'Some time after a full ' meal, ' when the system was oppressed by iood, or by the heat of digestion, especi ally in the after part of the aav,: when the ? activity of the transforming function is greatly diminished ; 2, in cojpulencc ; 3, in old age; 4t In hot -climates } 5, in suspended animation'; Gj in the case of those wjio eat starchy or fat food, especially if they do not oat flcfeli ; 7, fer soldiers, who, in time of peace, take too much food in relation to the waste of the body; 8,' iu marching in the heat of -Eastern climates ; 9, in sedentary occupations ; 10, in the caso of those who have dry and non- perspiring skins. The lfcaihed lecturer stated his conviction that the use of tea as a beverage is injurious in all other coses'* , ' In connection with flowers may be mentioned, as worth remembering by those who have gardens, that if iodine be put into eiiy Vessel— as a flower-pot, for instance, left. fOightlv covered, or turned upside down, — the emanations from the substance will attr-iot slugs aha snails from a con siderable distance, when they may be destroyed by hun dreds, completely clearing the ground of them. ? The present British Ibtriiamenl munbere 105 Etonians among its members. Westminster . School has twenty eight representatives in the two Houses, including Lord John 'Russell, (Sir James Graham, the Duke of Richmond, and many eminent commoners. In 1848, the -English Cabinet .wan composed almost exclusively of Westmin ster Boys.' 7 An advertisement in a provincial paper i* thus worded : — ' Wanted, a female, who has a knowledge of fitting hosts, of a good. moral character.' The English geographers and naturalists are crowing over the important discoveries of Mr. Chaylion, in Central Africa. That gentleman, son of a consul near the Gaboon River, has penotratedto the Equator, and has there dis covered, in a douselv-wooded region, a range of lofty mountains (one of whose peaks he calculate to be 12,000 feet, in height), which contain the sources of the four groat rivers ol' Africa, viz., the. Nile, Niger, Zambesi, and Zaire, or Congo. To the edge of this region — a blank oii'all maps — Dr. Livingstone penetrated from the south.' Mr. 'Chay- li on, in passing through the Gorilla country, had many encounters with the gig&iitic; apes of that .region, r and has brought bade several skulls and skeletons of those r4jariea tures of humanity, together with sixty new birds, and twenty-live new tnatu'mfiia, including a magnificent ante lope of great sizo* with red skin, ringed with zebra-like lines. .He is aboht to-pnblish.a book relating the details of his discoveries ; nnd the British Museum is bargaining for the purchase of liisYlane and- skeletons. ' | Those eminent patrons of the French furl, Count de La grange, and Baron- de Niviere, who have lately entered irifbpartetcrship by uniting their studs, have now seventy - nine horses in: training ; a larger number than ' has ever before been 'attained by any sportsman or sporting firm, even in England. ' ' The well -known paleographer and chronologist, Mr. W. H. Black, has announced to the Society of Antiquaries, the discovery, by him, of the will and administration of the greal arti*t Hans Holbein, with regard to fhe time and place of who*? death much uncertainty has ^existed. It is now proved that he died in England, in le-13, four years before the death of Henry VIII. This discovery will affect the vnitcruitv of innnv iiielnres hifheitoerroneotifilv attribu- ted to liim. pnrliculiU'lv the great picture at Bridewell Hos pital, of Ed wanl VI. 'founding the London Hospital, and into wliicb Holbein wa-. said to have introduced his own portrait. Thrre young women, employed by a dressmaker a* Never*, were poi*oued, last week, by panicles of an arsenical dye, inhaled by them in making up a dress of green tarla tan. A worknian in a manufactory of artificial tio'wora, in (his riiv, huvitig been poi*med in like manner by a powder he was directed to strew over some green flowers by his employer, ho* obtained damages from tlie latter. Thai prolific stud popular dramatist, Eugene Scribe, ha* succumbed to an attack of apoplexy, with which he was seized in a cab, while pivoecding to make a visit to 'a friend of his. On reaching the address indicated, the oabman «)-cued the door ol hi* vehicle, .and perceived that his fare had apparently fainted, ne vailed the nearest policeman to his aid, and* the latter at once brought a physician to the rub, but life was already extinct, and all that the doctor could do was to have the body taken carefully home. Mr. Scribe was 70 years old. 'He was the son of a mercer whose sign was u The Black Cat;' was educated as an attorney, but disliking the practice of the law, became a playwright* His earl)' pieces were ah failures ; but he perse vered in his efforts ; ana, after seven of his pieoes had been pitilessly hissed off thb stage, the tide turned, and twenty of liis play6 received, fine oxter the othttythe plaudits of the public of the V orioles. In 1820, he commenced* at the Gvmnnso, nn Immense succession of light piooos of '? genteel eomody,' in which branch of dramatic writing he became almost* unrivalled. In 1822., lie was admitted to the honours of the Theatre Franoais, where he raised himself to .a level with the most popular dramatic authors of modern days. .Nor was lie less successful in the operatic line, having furnished the libretto of Robert le Diablo, La Juive, Los Huguenots, Lc Frophite, La Dame Blanche, Le Cheval de -Bronze, Fra Diavolu, L'Ambassadrice, Le Domino Noir, L'Etoilc du Nord, and, within the fortnight preceding his decease, Lu CircASsicnne, just brought out at. the Opera Comique, and Madame Gregoire, tlie latest novelty at the Theatre Lyriquo. The whole number of his dramatic nieces ruumuzte to hot less than 400, and tbe number of his collaborators to about 40. In addition to his dramatic labours, M. Scribe wrote several novel*, all of considerable interest. He was a member of the Academy and of the Legion of Honour. Not withstanding ? 'hi* great- uge, and although he had acciunulRted un immense fortune, he continued to the lust to load a most laborious life ; he rose every morning at live, wrote until eleven, and went out at twelve to his re - hcurenls and general business. He had iakou for his crest a pen. with the motto, Jtt de fortune it Mbnrias : nnd he bud the 1 wo following lines engraved over the gate of hi* chateau of Seri-courl ? 14 Le Theatre a paye cot asile chauipetre, Vou6 qui pnsscz, meici ; jc vous le dois peuteiio.' Which may be Englished thus : — *? For this rural dwelling place the theatre ha* p.ud, Thanks, iraveller ! for perclinucc, thy gold it* cost defrayed.'. . ... lu his hotel, in tho Hue Figallo, wore *eiie- ol pictures represent iup tho principal events of his lite; Uie child in ttai shop of the 14 BJackf'nt.' the laureate at the com petition ofthe colleges «t which hesttidied, tbe dork 111 tho notary'^ ofliro, hi* iiret theatrical piece, his arrival in his own nmiipv at the chateau acquired by his pen, the kme giving hfin the Cross of ihc Legion of Honour, his recuptioi^sil the Academy— in (net. the .ohiof ^scenes of his ™Iwr' BETA. It is a singular tact, says a ot. Louis paper, that on a certain portion of the IUinols pramSs coin is being u6ed as fuel in lieu of cp&); land is found an excellent substitute* In. the districts rpf&red; to corn iB 12£ cents, per1 bushel, qnd cool is :15 -to 17 cents. Not only t is the :.difference In; price in . frttotir of the com/but.VhuGhel pf-it gives inore heatthah»a bushel of coal. ' ; ? '?» , . , We regret te Ic&rh; from the Madras Pre»te fit the whole of ibe Madras preffidency Is bordering upon Jthe* failure 01 the crops bring more or leas general taHmghout-itfc extent, a lull occurs, we are glad to say, in the cry ofyjggj? JJ[® JJoiti-wMI, where Government has to re«ue the people fttmueciu-v«tlan. .--fflembw *to.7»l»a *130, mm CultiMu £100,000 to eupplCBicnt Ite ' ' 