PARRAMATTA CHRISTMAS RACES. Fi liar I>Ar, TiiuBSDAY, DKCBMBEU 26. :'TSIIO Parramatta races commenced on Thursday pune tual to appointment, and although not so numerously attended as wo could liavo wished, they poised oir very pleasantly-winners and losers being alike satisfied with tho conduct of tho meeting, mid tlie arrangements made by thoso gentlemen who ¡md niulortukon tho onerous oilico of stewards. Wo hnvo said tlie course was not so well attended ns wa could liaro wished ; but it must not bo imagined from this that tho nttondnncc trna by any means poor ; on tho contrary, there must linvo been a couple of thousand nt least on tho courue, including many from the surrounding loculities,'and a emnll sprink- ling from (bo metropolis. Amongst tho latter wo noticed the three Melbourne bookmakers, who were persevering in their efforts to do business on ni most any terms ; but tho paucity of entrances, and tho fact of comparatively few persons being up to tho principio of betting round, necessarily made their exertions rather unproductive. Tho weather was exceedingly line nil day, and although thora «ero several well- stocked booths on tho ground, drunkness was not to be met with-moderat ion mid good feeling being tho chief characteristics of tho meeting. Xha racing itself calls for little in tho shape of comment -tho events being won with tolcniblo caso by tho suc- cessful nags in each instance In tho third race, in nil probability thcro would hare been a fine contest but for tho contretemps which occurred at tho atnrt. "Thcro was a good deal of quiet grumbling over the matter, some assorting that tho start was decidedly unfair, while others contended just as strongly, that Laura got no ad- vantage but what sho gained by being remarkably quick nt getting away. Price's little maro snuil'ed out her chanco by sending her jockey (Willis) to grass ; but hap pilyhohad not far to go, and "fell soft." . This was tho only spill, if wo can call it such, that carno under our notice during tho day-tho little affair passed oil'without miy accident cither on tho course or tho road home- wards. Merely premising that tho stewards and other oflteials performed their respectivo duties in a creditable and satisfactory manner, wo append tho result of thc racing i First itaco.-Tho COBFOBATIOX STAKES of £30, with a sweep of two sovereigns each, for all horses, weight for ago ; twice round and a distanco. Mi larchnrns Erln-go-brngh....(Daunly) ' I J.-Drlacoll's b g Hippy.(I)rlicoll). 2 Hippy, who was excellently ridden by Driscoll, ran very creditably, but was deficient in pace, tho Wollongong horse being able to go away from^ him whenever bc libed. Tito winner coma in at his ease eouiot wo; or titree lengths ahead. Second lîaco.-Tho DISTRICT PURSB of 30 sore, for all horses i weight for ago j tho winner to bo sold im- mediately nftcr tho raco for £60 j if entered to bo sold for £50, allowed 71bs ¡ if for £10, 12'bsj if for £¡10, lOlbs; if for £20, 281bs ; any Burplus realised by tho Bale over tho amount for which ho is ontercd to bo sold, to go to tho raco fund. 1 J milo heat«. Mr J. Driscoll'* b g Hippy, 0 yrs.;.(Driscoll) 2 I 1 Kelithran't e R t'atouchc, aged.(Hayes) 1 ï 3 J. M'Dennotl'n Calender, aged. 3 dr. This event may bo said to have laid virtually between Catoucho ona Hippy, nono of tho others having tho ghost of a chalice. . Catoucho took tho first heat pretty easily, Driscoll nursing his horso for " next timo," in j the hopo that his staying powors would enable him to I pull oil'tho priio. This anticipat ion was realized, as Ca- toucho was evidently satisfied with; (ho first go-in, arid would have no moro of it, though pressed hard by Hayes, j Tho old outsider consequently took tho two remaining I heats, to tho great astonishment of many of the Camp- belltown division. Third Baco.-Tho GALLOWAY STAKES of 10 sova, with a sweepstakes of a sovereign each ¡"'14 hands, Ost .Bibs, and for ovory inch under, 71bs off. Milo heats. Mr. Hobcrts' brown marc Laura ..'..Brophy I w.o. Taylor and H urjhy'» bay pony Jerra wong . ali. I J Fi Icu'« lay mare, Jenny Lind.-,.;. dla. This n us expected to prove tho best race of tho day, but unfortunately it terminated' rather unsatisfactorily. Thu brown maro dashod away at tho word " oil'" libo a Btrcak of greased lightning, ns tho Yankees would say, and got no far to tho front that tho rider of Jorrowong pulled up uiitlor tho impression Mint it wan a falso start, l'o make'mutt cru womo Jenny Lind, who was rather frisky, commeuccd tricks, and wound up by throwing Willis;'._Gousoauontly both nags were distanced, niid/l afton a "gpo'd ¿leal of.barneying, Xsura walked over for thu dookling boat, > This -brought tho first-day's racing to n close,' . . i , ' : . . .' . .;' »'.JI ' . SECOND DAV, Vwavr. í,;^ X,h ' . ? "Avery Rood nttmidiiuco ami swingoiñg' hot weutliei was thopriniiipulïeiitures "of tho racing on tliosecoiul day; thu »port*, us before, passing oil' without any dis- puto or ucoidenl. As a wliulo, therefore, the meeline niny bo set down as baring been highly successful ; and having uthieved thu« ! much, "wo hopo tho .gen- tlemen who . lmvo taken tho mutter in hand will now ' endeavour to establish tho Purrumattu tryst a* ono of our regular annual fixtimos. They have u good courso, plenty of mealis, and no lack of sporting irion ; nutt it only requires unanimity amongst thu lutter to bring about thu much desired result. Wo hope thc hint will bo taken, and that setting asido nil little petty jealousies und bickerings, the residents will unite cor- dially in order to seoure the end in viow. We appund tho result of tho socond day's running : First Race''--The MA I Wiri PLATH of 30 sors, for all horses that haré never'Avon an advertised prize ut tho time of entrance \ weight for ngo j 1} mile. Mr J. nriicoll's c f Ada, 3 yr».T. Prllcoll I Osborne's c f .Maid or Krtn. 2 Taylor and Co.'a b g Aaron, ngod.~. 0 Jenny Lind, Schnapper, and Sailor Boy were also .en- tered. Tho raco lay Jrom tho stort bet »eon Muid ot Krin and thc Pitsford filly, Ado. Tho foi-mer mode on oxccUout nico of it for about a milo, when tho thrco-yeur old went to tho front, and was never again headed, win- ning after n gmno struggle homo by about three lengths, docond Raco.-Tho PCULIOAUB*. PiriiSK of 20 aova, for all horses that have nevor won an advertised priio ex- ceeding £20 ; weight for ago ; milo hunts. Ur J. Driscoll-! b g Iliiipy.O yean.......(J. Drlicoll) I I T&vlor;»ndCo's, bg Aaron, aged ........................... Jolt llall'i I) m Jenn? I.Iud, S \ rs."",. j Q ti Fayten'a c g llocky Hanger, aged... . 0 2 Kippy won both heats with', tolerable enso; Aaron taking second honours in the first heat, whilo: the Ranger assumed a similar position in the second.-' Wu should state, however, that Aaron's bolting had some- thing to do with throwing hi* chancó out. t Third Bacc.-Tho Huititv Sconiir, of £20. Weight for agu; milo heats. Tho winner to bo BOUI inline ' dint ely lifter the raco for £20, any surplus to go to tho . race lund. « i tr J McDermott's cg New Chum, aged.J. Driscoll 1. 1 Lenthall'* b g Free Selection, aged. 2 0 Keltshran's b g Snip, uged...... 0 a Queen Dee, Bodger, and Jenny Lind nlso started, in tho first heat. Now Chum had this raeqnll bis own wuy, boating Free Selection by tlirco lougUis.'nind Snip by nearly ti length and a half. Ho was sold by uuction pur- suant to the terms of tho race, und realized £30:¡ Mr Duviil Hell being tho purchaser: . Fourth Race.-Tho_ CONSOLATION STAKES of 10 sors for all horses benton during tho meeting .* to bo handi- capped by tho stewards or whom they ; may appoint, lt mile. Tho following ltnndicnp was announced:-Maid, of Erin, 7st Sib j Jorruwoiig, Sst .71b ¡ Becky Sharp, 8st 91b s Catouchc,#9st 91b ; Jenny Lind, 9st. . Tho only acceptors tvero Catoucho and Maid of Erin. Cutoucho lcd at a slashing paco, and maintained a good lead till nearing tho last turn, whon tho filly put on st earn, raced him homo from the distança and came1 in a clear length ahead. -.'?;? This wound up the progranwno and brought tho Par- ramatta Christmas Meeting to a close. 