THE OXFORD "ESSAYS AND REVIEWS," (From the Quarterly Review) THE Volume. the title of which we have placed at the head of this article has met with a circu- lation, and excited a measure of remark, which appear to us to be far greater than it would naturally have- obtained by its mere literary merits. There is in truth in the volume nothing which is really new and little which, having been said before, is said here with any new power, or with any great additions, either by way of amplification; illustration, or research, With the exception of the last Essay, we think the mere literary character of the volume below what we should " have been led to expect from the names of the several essayists. Es- pecially does this apply to the contribution of Dr. Temple, with which the volume opens; There is really nothing in it but the working out; with often a pleasant fancifulness and oftener still, something of the prolixity into which the writer of allegory is so apt to be be trayed, of a rather forced similitude between the growth and progress of the race of men and that of the individual man from infancy to age. To what, then, is to be attributed the degree of interest which this volume has excited ? Not certainly,we think tó its subject ; for, wéll suited as its speculations mày be to the meta- physical mind of Germany with its insatiable appetite for mystical inquiries into history, phi losophy, science, morals, or religion, they are certainly not of a class which has com monly attracted many English readers. What then, is it which has secured a reading, and in sóme degree an attentive reading, in many quarters for this volume? In answer to the question, we gladly admit that wè believe ïts first recommendations, especially to the young men amongst whom they live, is the apparent earnestness of character, piety of spirit, and high moral object set before them by the most distinguished of its writers. No one, how ever deeply rooted, may be his contrary con inclusions, or however plainly he may mark the presence of other tones—of a certain sense of disappointment and, concealed bitter ness, can read Mr. Jowett's Essay upon the Interpretation of Scripture without feeling the full power of those influences acting on his own spirit. But the sense of this, and the estimate of what must be the effect of such words upon young, ardent, and unsuspicious minds, espi cially if the teacher is one who has been exalted in their eyes by what they deem persi cutton, and if he stoops to sympathise with their difficulties and think their thoughts, all this only makes it the more imperative though the more painful duty of those who believe that infidelity, if not Atheism, is the end to which this teaching inevitably tends, to speak without reserve their opinion, and to endeavour, to the utmost of the power, to mark its tendency as well as to expose its fallacy. It is in this spirit we approach this task ; for truth is dearer than Plato ; and here are at stake truths more pre- cious' far than any which Plato could have en- dangered. But besides tho interest with which those qualities bf its authors may have invested this volume,'we say, and we say it with pain, that we believe that the attention it has obtained is largely due to the position of its writers. It is not so much the 'what' as the 'who says it' which has excited such a general attention. It is with these speculations as to so great a degree it,was with the jokes, of Sydney Smith, which perpetually derived a peculiar piquancy from their utterer being a clergyman. There was about them just enough of irreligiousness, yet of violation of professional fitness, to give them from cleri cal lips a peculiar sting. So we believe it to be here ; if only certain professors of University College, London, had put forth the suggestions contained in this volume, it would not, with one or two marked exceptions, have been found to possess either the depth, or the originality or the power, or the liveliness which could have prevented, its falling still-born from the press. It has been read, because to all it is new and startling—to some delightful, and to others shocking—that men holding such posts should advocate such doctrines ; that the clerical head of one of our great schools, recently elected by a body of staid Conservative noblemen and country gentlemen, and a Chaplain in Ordinary to her Majesty ; two professors in our famous Uni versity of Oxford, one of whom is also tutor of 0ne of our most distinguished colleges ; the Vice Principal of the College at Lampeter for train ihg the clergy of the Principality; and a countiy Clergyman, famed in his day for special effort on behalf of orthodoxy :—that such as these should be the putters forth of doctrines which seem at least to be altogether incompatible with the Bible and tho Christian Faith as tho Church of England has hitherto received it-this has been a paradox so rare and so startling, as to wake up for a time the English mind to the distasteful subject of a set of sceptical metaphy- sical speculations regarding many long re ceived fundamental truths. How far the book deserves the suspicion to which it owes it success we propose now to examine; and in entering upon this inquiry we are compelled by its peculiar form and profession to determine, first, how far it is to be considered as a whole for which all its writers are jointly responsible. The writers claim—and claim as a right which, when urged, cannot be withheld—that they should be tried on the contrary principle. It will," they say, ' readily be understood that the authors of tho ensuing Essays are respon sible for their respective articles only. They have written in entire independence of each other, and without concert or comparison.' To a cerfain extent we admit the claim; but to a certain extent only. For the object and inten tion of the volume as a whole they are clearly responsible, So far, indeed, in spite of the dis claimer we have quoted, they seem themselves to allow; for they add the expression of their hope that it 'will be received as an attempt to illustrate the advantage derivablie to the cause of religious and moral truth from a free handling, in a becoming spirit, of subjects peculiarly liable to suffer by the repetí tion of conventional language and from tradi tional methods of treatment.' Here, so far as the purpose or attempt goes, they admit a unity from which joint responsibility cannot be severed. We would not press this common liability too far, but it must extend to the com- mon action of the firm. Any one who under- took to unite in the 'free handling' of such sub- jects in a common volume, made himself re- sponsible for tho common effect of all the Essays as a whole. If he entered on such a co- partnership without first ascertaining how far the ' freedom' of the hands he united with his own would reach, he would have evinced a levity and unconcern from which we honestly believe that many of these writers are altogether free. But even if this were so, still tho common responsibility could not be disputed. A criminal levity in entering upon partnership does not destroy the joint liability, of an ill- assorted firm. It is, moreover, in this case, of less impor- tance to fix the exact limits of joint responsi- bility, because ; any one writer could seek to exonerate himself from the charges to which through it he might be exposed, only by show- ing that his own contributions differed essen- tially from the rest in aim and purpose, and so, in point of fact, ought not to be there. Now, no such defence has been attempted; nonesuch could, we think, succeed. The same purpose is before every writer ; the same general tone of writing pervades the whole hook; the free handling of the most sacred subjects, the free in- sinuation of doubts, the freedom of assertion, the free endeavour to defend some shadowy ghost of Christianity by yield- ing up all that has hitherto been thought its substance, is everywhere present. True, the several Essays have their several objects, as the several limbs of a body have their several actions and uses, but all mi- nister to the common life and purposes of the whole. The several writers have their several tones of feeling and of speaking. The pleasing but feeble religious tones of Dr. Temple, and the earnest and often, loving and plaintive ut terances of Mr. Jowett are somewhat rudely contrasted with the scarcely-veiled Atheism of Mr. Baden Powell, with the open scepticism and laxity of Mr. Wilson, and the, daring flippancy of Dr. Williams ; but all combine in the great common lines of thought which pervade the whole volume and make it what it is, whether that whole be taken merely as the abandonment of the Church's ancient posi- tion of certainty and truth, or the attempt to occupy a new one free from certain difficulties to which, in these writers' estimate, that old one was exposed. Upon this point we are convinced that the verdict of the English public will be unani mous and clear. With great, and admitted 'individual differences, marking most clearly different intellectual and still more different spiritual developments, the book must be taken , as a whole, and, if condemned, it must condemn every writer in it who does not, by some after act, visibly separate himself from the fellowship of opinions to which he is here committed. As to one of these writers, at least, we give this deliberate judgment with tho deepest pain. The English Church needs in her posts of trust such men as his past career his made us believe Dr. Temple to be. We lament with the deepest sorrow the presence of his name amongst these essayists. There is undoubtedly language in his Essay which standing as it does amongst the others, must be construed in con nectionr with them, and which when so oon strued, contains the germ of their developed errors. Yet, the Essay itself, as a whole, is different in tone from those around it, and con tains nowhere any direct statement of such sophistries or scepticisms as abound through out the rest. We cannot but hope that Dr. Temple, has himself been shocked to find what the edifice is to which he has been led unconsciously to furnish the portal. If this be so, as we trust it is, the least atone ment he can make to the Church upon the members of which he has brought suspicion, is that he should, with the manly, openness which we believe marks his character, disclaim his agreement with the views with which he is here connected. But this is far from all. Impör tant as it is, for obvious reasons affecting them selves and their position in the Church, to fix ' .'.-yr;-,'--'-^-'--\ of this volume, if, as we maintain, all are really responsible for the doctrines maintained by each, there is yet another, and, if possible, a more important motive for noticing the essen tial sameness of view which, under their apparent differences, pervades these Essays. For this throws great light upon their real meaning and on tho legitimate conclusion of their mode of argument. In dealing with such writers this assistance is invaluable; for one chief difficulty of our task is to know where they, themselves really mean to stop in their speculations. The authors' deal largely—we might almost say wantonly—in suggestions of doubt and insinuations of unbe- lief ; there is too often mingled with the beauty and attractiveness of the better parts of their writing, an uncertainty and ambiguity in their expressions, a haziness and indefiniteness, if not about, their own conceptions, yet certainly about their expression of them; and in one, at least, there is a perfect mastery of the question able art of making his meaning obscure. Hence the reader of their speculations con- tinually finds himself in a thick fog of words. Through this the commonest object of his daily life look out upon him with a grotesque and startling novelty of form which he only gradu- ally discovers to arise solely from the indistinct- ness with which they are but partially revealed ; and if for a moment the mist melts, the chimeras which seemed to have gathered round him turn again into the most harmless and familiar groups of domestic animals. To attempt to grapple with the meaning of these passages is like grasping at a nebulosity or seizing upon a sepia. Either there is nothing in tho closed hand, or the evading substance suddenly conceals itself in its congeneric inky obscurity. Now, in dealing with a system of belief which is often thus darkly intimated, it is a great advantage to lay hold of those who have carried out the farthest their own views ; for from them may best be learned the drift and ultimate conclusion of the common propositions. For this reason we shall cite freely, as interpreting the whole system, the words of those of the band who seem to us the most to have mastered the teaching of their school, and shall try to extract from their pro positions what is its real scope and value. The first of these is Dr. Rowland Williams, Vice-Principal and Hebrew Professor of-Sr.. David's College, Lampeter. Dr. Williams con- tributes his essay in tho form of a review of the Biblical Researches of the late Baron Bunsen. There are peculiar advantages in the form thus adapted ; for when any proposition is to be advanced which would be too startling from his own mouth, it can thus be stated either as what the Baron has advanced, or as what the Baron would allow to be the natural consequence of his view ; or if something freer even than tho German rationalizer's teaching must be hazarded, the deficiency can be marked as one which the essayist would fain have seen supplied, not for the satisfaction of his ewn view, but for the full glory of his friend; in whom, as it is, ho has now to lament the presence of ' some specialities of Lutheranism,' some want ' of perfect consistency' (p. 53) : or whom he has to rebuke by the gentle reproach that on too many points ' his scepticism does not outrun the suspicions often betrayed in our popular mind,' or by the friendly hint ' that it provokes a smile to observe the zeal with which our critic vindicates the personality of Jonah' (i>. 77). By such literary arts as these the essayist, sheltering himself behind the burly lay figure whose limbs be moves at will, can put forward his utmost fancies through another's mouth. We will illustrate what we mean in a single instance. Baron Bunsen maintains, with Holy Scripture, the common origin of man from an ancestral pair. Dr. Williams, we gather, agrees with Mr.Wilson, the writer of the fourth Essay,that the descent of all mankind from Adam and Eve is rather a form of narrative into which, in early ages, tradition would easily throw itself spontaneously, than an undoubted historical fact' (p. 301). Such a weaknesses Baron Bunsen shows for so antique an idea as the common parentage of the human race, if exhibited by an orthodox divine, would pro- bably have roused up that scornful invective which is never very far absent from the pen of the Vice-Principal of Lampster ; but in the congenial Baron it is thus characteristically dismissed : ' He could not have vindicated the unity of mankind if he had not asked for a vast extension of time, whether his petition of 30,000 years be granted or not ;' whilst the reader is reminded a little further on, that 'we are bid to notice in the half-ideal, half- traditional notices of the beginnings of our race, compiled in Ge- nesis, the recurrence of barely consistent genea- logies.-(p. 66.) Without great care the reader of suggestive remarks of this kind might easily be led into the mistake of attributing to Dr. Williams as his own view what he is merely describing as the tenets of another. But we do not believe that we have been betrayed into such an error; or that we in any degree misrepresented him when we describe Dr. Williams' theory to be much of the following kind:—He deems the established view of 'Revelation' to be 'a repressive idea,' which is put over against con- science as an adversary, which represents ' Almighty God as having trained mankind by a faith to whose miraculous tests their pride must bow,' and which 'involves so signal a departure from the channels, which His Provi- dence ordained, that comparative distrust of them ever afterwards becomes a duty' (p. 52). This established idea then of Revela- tion is, of course, not to be maintained; nor indeed, it is intimated, could it be, even if we would consent to 'bow' our souls to its 'repression.' For 'these questions of mira- culous interference do not turn merely upon our conception of physical law as, unbroken, or of the Divine Will as all- pervading, but they include also inquiries into evidence, the verdict of which it is plainly intimated would be against us' (p. 51). Miracles, that is to say, are first impossible under the law of physical order, and because they are 'incompatible with the all-pervading presence of the Divine Will; ' and, further, the alleged proof of their occurrence breaks down. But the received Scriptures plainly assert their presence, both in direct exceptional acts and in a whole system of prophecy, of which the distinctive feature is an ever present mira- culous element; How, then, is the evidence of Holy Scripture to be set aside? For this we have several canons provided :—(1.); ' Criticism' will help us to 'reduce the strangeness of the past into harmony with the present ' (p. 50.) And this is to be largely applied ; for ' we cannot encourage, a remorseless criticism of Gentile writing and escape its contagion when we approach Jewish annals'.(p.'51); or, as Dr. Jowett, with a tenderer spirit towards those who hold the ancient faith, words it:—'Criticism has far more power than it formerly had. Whether the habit of mind which has been formed in classical studies will not go on to Scripture : whether Scripture can be made an exception to other ancient writings now that the nature of both is better understood; whether, in the fuller light of history and science, the ideas of the last century will hold out—these are ques- tions,' &c.; (p. 430), The result of this remorse- less application of criticism (as to the conduct of the experiment we must say something here- after) is summed up by the Vice Principal in a few pregnant words. 'On the side of external criticism,' we are told, 'we find the evidences of our canonical books and of the patriotic authors nearest them are sufficient to prove illustration in outward act of principles perpe- tually true, but not adequate to guarantee narra- tives inherently incredible, or precepts evidently wrong' (p. 83); and with such 'incredible narratives' and such ' evi- dently wrong precepts' we find afterwards that the Bible abounds. Criticism, therefore, is to act here as a universal solvent. A vast deal of Scripture, and especially its pro phecies so far as they are predictive, so tried breaks down altogether ; and 'the few cases' which remain ' tend to melt, if they are not already melted, in the crucible of searching in- quiry'(p. 70). Being left, then, thus at large by the action of the first canon, we are pre- pared for the introduction of the second. This, too, is a general favourite with our Essayists. It is thus stated by Dr. Williams :—' Hence we are obliged to assume in ourselves a verifying faculty, not unlike the discretion which a mathematician would use in weighing a treatise on geometry; or the liberty which a musi- cian would reserve in reporting a law of har- mony' (p. 83). Here we have arrived at the great principle of this school. The idea of this ' verifying faculty'—this power of each man of settling what is and what is not true in the Inspired Record—is the idea of tho whole volume, the connecting link between all its writers. Thus Dr. Temple, with the mystical and varying fancy which characterises his often beautiful but somewhat feeble contribution to this volume, tells us that the form of the Bible releases us from considering it as an ' outer law' either of doctrine or of practice to which we owe 'subjection.' The ' doctrinal parts are cast in an historical form, and are best studied by considering them as records of the time at which they were written, and as conveying to us the highest and greatest religious life of that time' (p. 44.) Does Dr. Temple really hold what these words, if they have any meaning, must necessarily imply, that no doctrinal statement of Scripture commands our ' subjection' to its verity, or need, because we find it there, be true?—or that its appearance in Scripture may only be the 'historical record' of what was, but has passed away ? How, then, on this view is it possible to know whether any doctrine, the very highest as it has been thought, such, for example, as the divinity of our blessed Lord or tho personality of the Holy, Ghost, is true, or whether, on the other hand, it is only the record, of a past religious life? Merely, is the reply, by our own internal con- îciousness, by the 'verifying faculty:' for we are to use the Bible not to override but to evoke the voice of conscience (p. 44); To avoid its being to us in anything 'a yoke of subjection' we are ' by virtue of the principle of private judgment to put conscience between us and the Bible, making conscience the supreme interpreter, whom it may be a duty to enlighten, but whom it never can be a duty to disobey' (p. 45). Thus 'conscience,' aided by ' private judgment,' that is to say, every man's own private conviction of what befits God and what befits himself, is for every man to override the Bible, and the ' verifying faculty' of the theo- logian is to have in weighing God's Revelation the discretion of a mathematician who is weigh- ing a treatise on geometry. This is our pos- session, it seems, because, as he tells us again, 'At this time, in the maturity of man's powers, the great lever which moves the world is know- ledge, the great force is the intellect ' (p. 48). Strange that one used to the government even of boys should be, as it seems to us, so utterly misled by words and speculations ! The con science deciding for every man upon the truth of doctrine and the historical value of facts ! and that, because 'intellect is the force which moves the world,' therefore conscience, which, certainly has no direct connection whatever with mere intellect, being 'evoked by Scripture,' is to sit in final and irreversible judgment upon the truth of that by which it has been evoked. Many good men are infinitely above their own theories ; we trust earnestly, and we believe, that the Head Master of Rugby is above the theories of the essayist Dr. Temple, or we should tremble not only for the faith, but for the morals of his pupils, who, if he were con sîstent with his own principles; would be taught to substitute at will for the letter of the Divine command so shifting and uncertain an arbiter. Strange again it is that such a man should not perceive to what conclusions such a theory as this must inevitably lead. For such a power of dealing with the Bible as he here proposes, and which is the same power as is named by Dr. Rowland Williams 'the verifying faculty,' must belong to the most highly developed intellect of tho age. What is to become of people who are below this mark? gifted with less than the highest natural power, or the highest cultivation ? Is not the tendency of the theory to subject mankind to a sort of intellectual hierarchy ? But all this by the way: our object here was only to show that, so far as we may gather his views from this Essay, Dr. Temple thoroughly symbolises with Dr. Williams in what we maintain is the key-stone of this whole theory; for by this reasoning, instead of subjecting man, as to his faith and duty, to an external revelation, he subjects the revelation itself to man's internal consciousness. So, as is clearly implied throughout his Essay, did Professor Baden Powell ; especially when he speaks of ' the palpable contradictions disclosed by (astronomical discovery with the letter of Scripture' (p. 129) ; so, in language which it is painful to quote, does the Rev Henry Bristow Wilson, when he says the mean ing of the Sixth Article of the English Church may be 'expressed thus :—The Word of God is contained in Scripture, whence it does not follow that it is co-extensive with it'(p. 176) . . . . . . 'Those who are able to do so ought to lead the less educated to distinguish between the different kinds of words which it contains, between the dark patches of human passion and error which form a partial crnst upon it, and the bright centre of spiritual truth within.' : (p.-177). To such a faculty Mr Goodwin, in fact, appeals, when, as to the special subject of his own Essay, he recom mends, for the credit of other parts of God's word, the frank recognition of the erroneous views of nature which it contains' (p. 311). Not other appears to be the view of Mr. Pattison, who, in his Historical Essay, speaks of the be lief that ' Reason, aided by spiritual illumina tion, performs the subordinate function of re- cognising the supreme authority of the Church and of the Bible respectively as a 'hardy but irrational assertion,' from acknowledging the authority of the first of which the Reformation — of the second, ' time, learned controversy, and abatement of zeal, drove the Protestants generally' (p. - 328). The same principle runs all through Mr. Jowett's Essay. ' What remains,' he says in it, ' may be comprised in a few precepts, or rather in the expansion of a single one—Interpret the Scrip ture like any other book'(p. 377). All is, as he says, involved in this rule : mystical meanings —the prophetical character of types—the double meaning of many prophecies—proposi- tions hitherto received with reverent submis- sion, because, on matters beyond our expe- rience, they have been believed to speak the revealed Wisdom of God—all depart together. But the need and the room left for the play of the ' verifying faculty' is indeed large. The Bible, in fact, according to these writers, abounds, in statements which render such a faculty absolutely necessary, to its true inter- pretation. For it contains ' attributions to the Divine Being, of actions at vari- ance with that higher revelation which He has given of Himself in the Gospel'—it exhibits ' imperfect and opposite aspects of the truth' 'variations of fact and inaccuracies of language. For these are all found in Scripture' (p. 347). Nor, according to this writer, need the inter preter have any scruple or reserve in the free and critical employment of his 'verifying facility.' There is no reason why he should not treat ' Scripture like any other book.' It can plead no ground for exemption. ' There is no foundation in the Gospels or Epistles for any supernatural views of inspiration. There is no appearance in their writings that the Evangelists or Apostles had any inward gift, or were subject to any power, external to them, different from that of preaching or teaching, which they daily exercised ; nor do they anywhere lead us to suppose that they were free from error or infirmity. St. Paul writes like a Chris- tian teacher. . . . . . . hesitating in difficult cases, and more than once correcting himself—corrected, too, by the course of events,' &c.; (pp. 345, 346); Here, then, is the great principle of the essay- ists. Holy Scripture is like any other good book. 'It is,' says Dr. Williams, ' before all things the written voice of'—do any of our readers still expect him to say God ? No ; but of—'the congregation.' The sacred writers acknowledge themselves men of like passion with ourselves, and we are promised illumination from 'the Spirit which dwelt in them.' The opposite and aban- doned theory he somewhat quaintly but very indicatively defines as that which 'prefers thinking the sacred writers passionless machines, and calling Luther and Milton unin- spired' (p. 78). ' Scripture,' re-echoes Mr. Jowett, ' is to be read like any other book,' not only, as we have seen, because it embodies the same errors as other books, but also because it is not to be held to have meaning deeper at least in kind than they possess. For ' it is not,' he thinks, ' a useful lesson for the young stu- dent to apply to Scripture principles which he would hesitate to apply to other books ; to make formal reconcilements of discrepancies which he would not think of reconciling in ordinary his- tory ; to divide simple words into double meanings' &c.; (p. 428); and again, ' The apprehension of the original meaning of Scripture is inconsistent with the reception of a typical or conventional one. The time will come when educated men will be no more able to believe that the words " Out of Egypt have I called my son" ('Matt, ii, 15, Hosea xi, 1) were intended by the prophet to refer to the return of Joseph and Mary from Egypt than,' &c.; (p. 418). This, then, is the great principle of their Hermeneutics ; and, this once admitted, the least resection will enable any one to see how far it may extend. Yet there is something be- yond even this. By what Mr. Wilson calls ' the application of ideology to the interpretation of Scripture?' (p. 200), the already well nigh unlimited power of explaining away the letter of the Word of God is increased to the uttermost. Mr. Wilson's very words upon this subject are well worth noticing :— "The application of ideology to the interpre- tation of Scripture, to the doctrines of Chris- tianity, to the formularies of the Church, may undoubtedly be carried to an excess—may be pushed so far as to leave in the sacred records no historical residue whatever. On the other side, there is the excess of a dull and unpainstaking acquiescence, satisfied with accepting in an unquestionable spirit, and as if they were literally facts, all particulars of a wonderful history, because in some sense it is from God. Between these extremes lie infinite degrees of rational and irrational interpretation. ' It will be observed that the ideal method is applicable in two ways, both in giving account of tho origin of parts of Scripture and also in explanation of Scripture. It is thus either critical or exegetical. ' An example of the critical ideology carried to excess is that of Strauss, which resolves into an ideal the whole of the historical and doctrinal person of Jesus. . . . But it by no means follows, because Strauss has substituted a mere shadow for the Jesus of the Evan gelists, and has frequently descended to a minute captiousness in details, that there are not traits in tho scriptural person of Jesus which are better explained by referring them to au ideal than to an historioal origin ; and without falling into fanciful exegetics there are parts of Scripture more usefully interpreted ideologi cally than in any other manner—as, for in stance, the history of the temptation of Jesus by Satan, and accounts of demoniacal posses sions. And liberty must be left to all as to the extent in which they apply the principle' (pp. 200 201). Now, is it possible that anything can be more utterly indefinite, or, at the same time more self-contradictory than this? For, if liberty must be left to all to apply the princi pie to any extent they please-and, if the prin ciple is true, undoubtedly such liberty must be left—what legitimate limit is there as to its ap plication ? If the Temptation may be explained away, why not the Incarnation ? If the casting out of devils, why not any other recorded fact of the life or ministry of our Lord ? and, if liberty must be left to all, -why is Strauss to be blamed for using that universal liberty, and ' resolving into an ideal the whole of the histori- cal and doctrinal person of Jesus'? Why is Strauss's resolution an excess ? or where and by what authority short of his extreme view would Mr. Wilson himself stop? or at what point of the process?, and by what right could he con sistently with his own canon call on any other speculator to stay the ideologizing process? Here, then, we have the critical and exegetical rule, as it seems, in its completeness. There is but one point further needful to enable our readers to judge of its full power, and that is to show them not what might be, even according to our essayists, its abuse, but what is actually its use in their own hands. To begin, then, at the beginning. The Mosaic narrative of the Creation becomes ' the speculation of some Hebrew Descartes or New- ton, promulgated in all good faith as the best and most probable account that could then be given of God's universe ; and to the objection that ' taking this view of tho case, the writer asserts solemnly and unhesitatingly that for which be must have known that he had no authority,' it is replied as a sufficient answer that the objection arises only from our modest habit of thought and from the modesty of assertion which the spirit of true science has taught us ' (p 252). Surely it is scarcely possible to employ words which more completely shut out the notion of every kind and degree of inspiration than this supposition of the speculation of a Hebrew Descartes justified (!) from tho charge of the moral guilt of falsehood by the allegation that he but partook of an unscientific immodesty of assertion, which was the universal tendency of his age. Take next the history of the first beginning of our race upon this earth, and see how it is dealt with :— 'Some may consider the descent of all man- kind from Adam and Eve as an undoubted historical fact ; others may rather perceive in that relation a form of narrative, into which in early ages tradition would easily throw itself spontaneously. Each race naturally — neces- sarily when races are isolated—suppose itself to be sprung from a single pair, and to be the first or the only one of races. Among a particular people this historical representation, became the concrete expression of a great moral truth, of the brotherhood of all human beings, of their com- munity, as in other things so also in suffering and in frailty, in physical pains and in moral corruption ; and the force, grandeur, and reality of these ideas are not a whit impaired in the abstract, nor indeed the truth of the con- crete history as their representation, even though mankind should have been placed upon the earth in many pairs at once or in distinct centres of creation.'-(p. 201.) Now, let us clearly understand how large a part of all revelation is swept away by this one ideological interpretation. First, there is of course the whole narrative of the creation : with this must go every vestige of the Temptation, the Fall; and its consequences to the race ; for with the ' many pairs at once,' and the ' dis- tinct centres of creation,' all of these are abso- lutely irreconcilable. So tho coming in of sickness, disease, and death as the con- sequences of sin, are resolved into the legendary history, of their origin, which belongs to all 'separate tribes, but which (how is not explained) becomes amongst the Hebrews the concrete ex- pression of the truth that corruption and suffer ing are found, in fact, to cleave to man's nature. This is no slight resolution of Scripture into legend; and yet how much more than this is implicitly sacrificed ! what place is there in the Incarna- tion, as that mighty central event is spoken of in Scripture, if the gathering of the race into one ancestral head is blotted out?—what be c0mes of the whole argument and revelation which is summed up in the blessed words 'For as in Adam all die, even, so in Christ shall all be made alive?' All surely pass away toge gather amidst the mists of this rationalising ideology. This is no single instance of the way in which, over and above the direct destruction of the value of the Sacred record, the greatest truths are incidentally sacrificed in this volume Thus, for instance, in Dr. Temple's laboured similitude between the youth and the maturity of the individual and the race, in like manner the first creation of man in God's image the loss of that image by the Fall, the Incar. nation, and the restoration of that image through it to the race of men, are all impli. citly but inevitably, excluded from the history of our race. For by the first necessities of this figure, as it is propounded in this Essay man, the reclaimed savage is raised mainly by intellectual processes inherited from age to age by successive generations, until, from the feeble- ness in which he was created, 'the colossal man' at last passes to his slowly developed maturity of greatness. There ia no room here for the. Incarnation and Redemption. Such a break in the identity, of, the colossal man is fatal to the whole figure, which sets before us one gradual progress from original weakness to deve- loped might—the very opposite conception from that of Christianity, in which we have man created as the son of God—beginning with glorious communings with his Maker, then fall- ing to a low estate, and then lifted up again by the marvel of Redemption, through the Incar- nation of the Lord, and the atoning sacrifice which as man He offered for man, and the com- munication of himself through the Church to the race whose nature He had taken into union with his own Divine Personality. Our readers will anticipate the honor with which the orthodox four—tho propagators who stepped with many apologies out of the ranks, urged by the greatness of the issue, to defend the vital cause of honest subscription would have read such sentences as these. How would the conviction of absolute insecurity have shaken their hearts'! how deep upon their faces would have been the indignant hue of righteous anger with which they would have repelled such an immoral paltering with subscription ! How strange, how sadly instructive is the fact then, that the second name upon the orthodox scroll which withered up No. 90, and that which claims the paternity of this fourth essay, in which are provided with such a vaunting for- wardness all modes of justifying dishonest sub scriptions, is one and the same ! The name of H. B Wilson, B.D., Fellow and Junior Tutor of St. John's College, on the roll of orthodoxy, of H. B. Wilson, B.D., Vicar of Great Staugh ton, on the scroll of latitudinarian subscription! Certainly the Rev. H. B. Wilson has great in ducements to endeavour to convince all men that it is 'a strange ignoring of the constitution of the human mind to expect the same person to be subject to no' absolute and extreme ' variations of opinion at different periods of lhfe. ' This, then, we would entreat all who see any- thing attractive in these views distinctly to contemplate—that, whether right or wrong they are essentially and completely at variance with the doctrinal teachings of the Church of England, and cannot even under the shelter of any names be advisedly maintained by honest men who hold her ministry. But beyond this, another inference of the deepest moment follows we think directly from a clear comprehension of these views. Those who hold them are in a position in which it is impossible to remain. The theory of Mr. Jowett and his fellows is as false to philosophy as to tho Church of England. More may be true, or less, but to attempt to halt where they would stop is a simple absurdity. They deny, for instance, tho possibility of miracles, and so they ideologically suggest that, when it is asserted that our Lord miraculously fed the multitudes in the wilderness, or opened the eyes of the blind, no more is meant than that in the wilderness of this world He fed the souls of thousands with edifying moral dis - courses, or unsealed the eyes of their spirit to the better contemplation of heavenly and earthly things. Now in passing just let us remark that in this, as in many other things, the latest pre tentions to illumination in our own time are but a revival of notions which were broached and were condemned centuries ago ; for the same principle of explaining away the miracu- lous narrative was applied by the Cathari of tho middle ages. Suppose, however, for a moment that we accept this gloss ; but if so, how can we stop with them, having dissolved these phantoms, and yet retaining what others, with more learning than they profess to have ac quired, assure us need but the touch of Ithuriel's spear to manifest equally their own fallacious- ness ! By what right, we again ask, does Mr. Wilson tell us that Strauss carries ideology to excess in resolving into an ideal the whole of the historical and doctrinal person of Jesus, when he himself resolves into an ideal the temptation of Jesus by Satan and the accounts of de- moniacal possession ? How, we ask again, is it possible to stop when once such a principle has been admitted, or why should not the ' verifying faculty ' of Voltaire or Thomas Paine be as good an authority as the same faculty when ex- ercised by Rowland Williams ? But, again, it is not merely that ones in the land of shadows all apparitions must of neces- sity be equipotent, but this treatment of miracles implies a charge of falsehood, of conscious fraud, not only against the writers of the Gospel, but against our blessed Lord himself. Against them, for they solemnly record as professed eye-witnesses what they must on this hypothesis have known to. be untrue. Our essayists have been too clear sighted not to discover this, and they have made some attempts to escape from the con- clusion. They are such as these :—' The pos- sibility of imagination allaying itself with affec- tion should not be overlooked'-(p. 51.) ' Good men may err in facts, be weak in memory, mingle imagination with memory' (p. 79); o.1 perhaps the after impression of his miracles, his transfiguration, his prophecies, and the like may be resolved into a result of the degree in which awful figure of the Son of Man could scarcely fail, as it became dimmed by the haze of mingled imagination and remembrance, " be at length invested by affection.- (p. 80-) Miserable attempts surely are such as reconcile the character of tho witness with the alleged falsehood of his testimony : and yet we are not sure that they are not better than Mr. Jowett's passing suggestion that the youth of the world was 'pleased by marvels and had vague terrors '(p. ; 388); or than Mr Baden Powell's view, that miracles being physi- cally impossible, and no 'testimony able to reach to the supernatural ' (p. 107), the fact of the Evangelists having believed the miracles they record must be traced to their ignorance of physical causes : the fact, in his own words, of their not being ' unbiassed, educated, well informed individuals ' (p. 107)- . But this is far from all. For the more we exaggerate the ignorance of the Evangelists, the more directly do we in fact, point against their Master the charge of conscious fraud. There is no escape from the conclusion ; if they were deceived, he was a deceiver. For he himself again and again appeals to these works as the proof of his own mission, and so the condemna- tion of those who rejected him. So he says, in direct answer to the question, 'Art thou he that should come, or do we look for another?' 'Tell John again the things that ye do hear and see ; the blind receive their sight and the lame walk,' the lepers are cleansed and the deaf hear, the dead are raised up' (Matt. xi. 4, 5) ; . or, as he says again, 'Though ye believe not me, believe the works' (John x. 38) ; and again, ' I have greater witnesses than that of John: for the works which the Father hath given me to finish, the same works that I do bear witness of me'(John v. 86); and again, ' I I had not done among them the works which none other man did, they had not had sin' (John xv. 24). . There is no escape from this : if He wrought the works, the whole rationalistic scheme crumbles into dust; if He wrought not the works, claiming as He claimed to work them as the very proofs of His mission, He was, in truth, the deceiver that the chief priests de- clared him to be. Dr. Williams makes a miserable effort to escape from this dilemma. 'By appealing,' he says, 'to Good WORKS (sic), ' however wonderful, for his witness, Christ has taught us to have faith mainly in goodness' (p. 51) ; as if the appeal of Christ was mainly to the inherent goodness, and not to the manifest power of the works—a fallacy so utterly trans- parent that it is needless in expesing it to do more then enunciate its terms. The position of these writerr, if we must ex- cept the third, who, alas seems to have been contented to sit down with Spinoza on the frozen mountains of a metaphysical atheism, is both philosophically and religiously pitiable. They believe too much not to believe more, and they disbelieve too much not to disbelieve everything. They are themselves, indeed, in the position in which Dr. Williams tauntingly depicts those amongst us who, not being abso- lute bigots, have yet stopped short of his own more advanced post. ' The attitude,' he says, 'of too many English scholars before the Last Monster out of the Deep (what, one vainly asks can such words mean out of his mouth by whom a sceptical Rationalism would seem to be esteemed rather as an effluence from the heavenly Truth than a Monster from the Deep?) is that of the degenerate senators before Tiberius. They stand balancing terror against mutual shame. Even with those in our Universities who no longer repeat fully the required Shibboleths, the explicit view of truth is rare. He who assents most, committing himself least to base- ness is reckoned wisest' (p. 53). It would seem, however, that all except these Essayists themselves, can estimate aright the position which they occupy. The vulgar American lec- turer is making a tour of blasphemy through the busy haunts of our manufacturing population writes home in ecstacy at the support of such unexpected allies. ' The Essays,' he writes,— ' a book published by six very influen- tial clergymen and one influential and learned layman' of the Established Church—is a work of the greatest importance and significance. It sets aside the old Theology en- tirely, and propounds the rational views of Paine and Voltaire, with just that mixture of cloudiness which you might expect from per sons who, while they see the folly of the old superstitions, yet remember that they are clergymen, and feel that they are but partially independent and free.' We beg to call the special attention of Dr. Williams to these words. Amidst all his taunts for other 'tremblers,' his own attempts to 'assent most,' committing himself least to baseness,' are seen by more experienced travellers along the same road with a clearness, and are anatomically exhibited to the gazing class, if not with a skill, yet at all events with a boldness, equal to his own. ' We are on the eve,' continues our lecturer, exulting in the sight, 'of a great re- ligious revolution. But few of the high and mighty ones sneak so freely as we do, but they think freely. ... .. Many of our great writers cling to the doctrines of God and of a future state, but they have no more faith in the Divine authority of the Bible, or in the supernatural origin of Christianity than I or you. The works of Baden Powell, . . . . Professor Jowett, &c.;, are doing a world of good.The Oxford Essays are creating quite a sensation. . . . . The good time seems to be really drawing nigh ! ' Now, disbelieving utterly the American writer's estimate both of the wide spread and of tho future progress of his views, we cannot deny his right to claim as his allies these un happy clergymen, and we would most, earnestly call their attention to his words. Nowhere is the 'noscitur a sociis' more true than here. And they are claimed as brethren by infidels of every shade. The only fault found with them is, that they do net follow out to the legi timate end their openly- proclaimed principles. How can they put aside this universal estimate of their position, held alike by believers and infidels? How, with such words as these in their mouths, can they reply to the flags of truce which are sent to them by friendly mes- sengers from the infidel camp to which they are so near?— 'No fair mind can close this volume without feeling it to be at bottom, in direct anta- g0nism to the whole system of popular belief. . . . In object, in spirit, and in method, no less than in general design, this book is incompatible with . . . the broad principles on which the Protestantism of Englishmen rests. The most elaborate reason- ing to prove that they are in harmony can never be anything but futile, and ends in be coming insincere. . . . Is tho crumbling edifice of orthodoxy to he supported by sweep ing away the whole of its substructure, and Christian divines taught cheerfully to surrender all tho most exacting criticism assails ? The mass of ordinary believers may well ask to be protected from such friends its their worst and most dangerous enemies. Is it reasonable to suppose that at this time of day the Christian world will consent to reconsider the whole of its positions, to develop its cardinal doctrines into new forms, and to remodel the whole structure of belief upon an improved theory? Has it been all a mistaken rendering that men have been believing so long? Of one thing we may be quite sure,that the public will never be brought to believe that the Bible is full of "untruths— that it does not contain authentic or even tempo rary records of facts, and is a medley of late compilers, and yet withal remains the Book of Life." Yet all this our Essayists call, on them to admit, &c.; " The men and women around us are told that the whole scheme of Salvation has to be entirely re-arranged and altered. Divine rewards and punishments, the Fall, original sin, the vicarious penalty; and salvation by faith are all in the natural sense of the terms, de nouncéd as figments or exploded blunders. The mosaic history dissolves into a mass of ill digested legends, the Mosaic ritual' into an Oriental system of priestcraft,'and the Mosaic origin of the earth and man sinks amidst the rubbish of rabbinical cosmogonies.' Then follows a declaration of the folly of ' forcing the simple believer to unlearn his well conned creed for another, and to take for his old one an expurgated Bible.'. It is not often that we can agree with our outspoken-contemporary, least of all on matters touching the Christian faith; but undoubtedly he is here altogether in the right. It is not indeed a ' neo-Christianity,' but it is a new religion, which our Essayists would introduce and they would, act more rationally, more philosophically, and, we believe, less injuriously to religion, if they did as their brother un believers invite them to do, renounce the hope less attempt at preserving Christianity without Christ, without the Holy Ghost, without a Bible, and without a Church. If, as we are assured that it is, this is the true character of their doctrine, it ought to be to all who still believe in a revelation a con vincing proof of the duty of giving no audience to the voice of such sophistry. For, if they admit the fact of a Divine revelation, they must admit, as a necessary consequence of that fact that the right reception of it forms a part of their spiritual trial ; and, if this be so, to answer to their spiritual trial, they must guard them selves against the first approaches of everything which it can be shown tends to shake their faith in that revelation, the reception of which is so great a part of their probation. The words of our blessed Master have here an universal application (John vii. 17); . If any man will do [orig, willeth to do] his will (the will of him that sent me-v. 16), he shall know of the doc trine, whether it be of God.' Tho tenderness of early belief especially must be sheltered by those who would keep it fresh and green from tho blasts which manifestly tend to wither1 up its life. If, then, it can be shown to the young believer that the system offered to him, full as it is of appeals to the pride of his reason, which tend to captivate his mind, must by logical necessity end in Atheism, he is bound, as he values his salvation, not to listen to the syren's voice. The fact that his teachers halt for the present where they do, ought to be no ground of assurance to him that, if he listens to them at all, be shall stop there also. All ex- perience shows the reverse. Almost every suc- cessful heresiarch has been a man of blameless life, of attractive qualities, and with a firm hold of some truths from the revelation which he corrupts. In the firmness of that bold tho pupil seldom fully shares. He starts from the place at which his master ends ; he carries to their legitimate conclusions his master's prin- ciples, and so the spiritual child of the Ration- alist developed into the Atheist. 