THE-Bim FIGHT BETWEEN" JE1OY KELLY - AND CHAiElEr H0KEEG-A3ST, THE VICTORIAN , SPIDER, FOB £100. "When thu mutch bclwcon thcsa two fonthor weight8 was made, fiiw expected it would end in a draw ; for the acknowledged abilities of both lads, Iud all who know them to anticipate o rattling juill. Each had n host of admirers, und tho lame whioh Horrcgan brought with him from Victoria, (fresh from a victory over Johnny Massey) for some timo prevented our light-weight aspir- ants from accepting.Ids challenge. Jemmy Kelly, more- over, considering Miiinsclf only n novioe, it'lt some ditlt deuce 'iii picking up tho gauntlet of a olinuipion while moil of moro oxperiunco stood quietly by, hut at length, finding no one, coming forward, ho dctarminad.to have a shy, with a praiseworthy desire to bo nllowod n placo in tho first flight.. Tho mutch was accordingly inane ; and, although with ninny prejudicial reports nllout, went on, as wo shall presently alion*, to completion on Tuesday. Previous to going into, particular.! of tho contest, a littlo history of tho two1 Iuds is necessary, to enable our renders at n distance to form it-pretty correct idea ol' what, us they did not seo it, wc wiall to give thom an in- telligible account. Charley Horrcgau, tho Victorian Spider, is a native of London, was born about 25 years ago, and educated on thc Thames waters u9 a Lightornvan, in which occupa- tion ho passed his time until ho omigrutcd to Victoria. During these years ho was engaged in soverul contests in tho V;ïl., uh of which tonded to establish for him the character of a gumo unflinching little boxer; possessing a fair amount ol' science, with n larger share of endurance than is usually found in a lad of only eight stone. His ifirst recordeil light after his nrrivnl in Australia, was with Johnny Massey, for a P/tirso j when'ofter a game give mid talco battle, his Mond» gave in for him, quite satisfied with his performance.- Ho next fought o. driw with Jemmy Martin, and then forfeited through illness. £25 to his former opponent Hussey ; but still ho was de- termined lo retrieve his laurels previously lojt to that littlo horo, and, his backers being willing, a third mat ch was innde. This nilli ir. ramie off. near. AVoodend, and aller n gallant mill of three hours and n half Charley knocked his renowned and gamo antagonist out ol' time, and was thus proclaimed tho victor. This was his Inst appearance previous, to the present ono ¡ ns ho visited Sydney with tho proceeds of his victory, in company with Tom; Woods, und put forth tho challongo, which re- sulted us we have ulrcuuy dracrilied. Jemmy Kelly is n nativo of tho colony, but of Irish descent,' lind,' unliko his opponent, lins not yet reaehed his prime, being only nineteen, years old. Tu weight both were nearly equal, for though Hst Clo was Jemmy's sti tfiuTitcdweight, to his adversary's Sst -llb, neither Iud exceeded thc latter, at tho timo of scaling on Monday morning. ! Kelly 'mada his first regular bow as a. pugilist with ono liinghuni, a pct of tho Abattoirs,, who was by his partisans considered invincible, ut his weight; and for thia afluir wo bclievo Jack Sullivan, who had not then been matched, brought tho young Stative to the post. Tho Iuds had only been in tho ring sonic tdxtcou minutes, during which ningham never had the ghost of a chnncc, when tho blues put an end to hostilities. Kelly's party did nil they could to bring their adversary to tho scratch again, butas he lind no chanco ho wisely, enough fought shy, until at length, after tho stukus hud been impounded for months, both parties agreed tb draw. Jemmy next showod on tho day that. -Sullivan . and Sparkes contended, with Cosier;, ol'-Parramatta, for £20 uside. Tho. Parraniattaito had lots bf friends, und would have been ' bucked to (hjlit ; Sullivan ; but utter a ding- dong mill, ho had to cry peccavi before tho pluck and luivd hitting of his youthful antagonist ; who, on that occasion, went into tho ring without an hour's prepar- ation, and laboring umbi- sundry other disadvantages. Kroin that time, which was in tho hist week of April, Kelly hud not appeared in tho ring until tho present match. . ... Preliminaries having hoon nrrnngtid,' mid tho two first . deposita duly posted'; tho lads disappeared from tho guy ana festive eccne, mid betook themselves to activo work ; Chorley retniniug tho services of Tom Woods, and Ned liitton undertaking to put Kelly through .his facings. Tho lutter dioso tho neighbourhood of Waverly ; while foin Woods and, his pupil dómieiled themselves at Cremorne j front whoneo howovcr they wcro soon dis- lodged by rumors of "pinching," when they removed to St. .Leonards. In order to do away with tho chances of interference, Botiuiy Hends, or " Colonel Point," whore Tom Sparkes waa to havo met Sullivan, was mutually agreed upon as tho best known locality ; mid every- thing went smoothly, . until tho weighing. had beon got over on 'Monday "morning last, and each purry lind returned to their own ? <pinrters. But on Mon- day afternoon, in consequeiieo of some misunderstanding about thc steamer, a considerable barney look pince;. bidding fair nt ono thno to put n stop to tho match ii» ¿oto. After some"hours hud been thus wasted both par- ties consented to refer tho matter, and Bent's Paddock, over Cook's Uiver, tho scciio of similar contests in years geno by, was limned for tho placo; while tho time was flxocVat from 7 to 9 a.m. on tho morrow.'' Thither,. theroforo. tho mon repaired, in duo course, but on our arrival in tho neighbourhood, wo found that, in conso ipioneo of nb warning having beon sont to Hill Sparkes (whowas commissary on tho occasion) of tjio chango ol' vonüc, tho ropes and stakes wero on their way to Colonel. It was eoimc.pioiitly near niuo o'clock when, tlieeo .very necessnry nrticles nrrivud nt tho appointed placo ; and by way of giving them a suitable reception sundry "bobbies ' dropped in, to.tnko.pnrt in tho proocedings. We did hot «co.bur tiro eating friend, "Inspector Hylands with his pistol, and should think ho will bo kept away from such uiliiirs in futuro, tho " dot and go ono',' routine ol' his district duties being evidently moro suited to his "calibre ;" but thero was n nanard going thu rounds to tho effect that Slr Singleton would shortly nrrivo with a posse of mounted troopers; nnd warrants for tho two intending belligerents; lluvias provided ourselves with fowls and hum, wo now indulged hi breakfast und a smoke, which being ended,'wil discovered that a more sen-wards was coutomplatod ¡ and,'proper precautions having buen taken, tho army retreated in goori order, mid without leaving i behind any of their camp followers. Wo.wore, however followod to our bonis by u rather good speemunvbf a poelor, whom wo could' not help pitying in his present, situation,''that of n mounted man ¡ for from thu puco¡we took him away at in the morning, our mind's oyo readily pictured sheets of duicht/lon being rouderod necessary on his return. . , . . . . Our '-guido look' us' te Cogra, where," lifter a slight delay; .ivo'gofc 'on: board a si lull boat (to the number of about <tO) mid sailed for tho ¿pot lone; sinoo ûtinous ns tho tryétitl'j placo of Tóríí típn'rkos' nilli Dick limit, und Black Perry and Büß". ..Thero wo arrived safely, and amused bursolves.among tho oystors, wliich ito so abound thor'o,' wbilo "Our Bill und his associates propared tho uroná." Tho assemblage, ' was riot largo, mid wa i tv far less "rowdy ono'than wo usually seo collo.itoil ut; such timo i. Pending tho. completion* ol', arraugoinonts, nil sorts of guinea woro. iuililhíüd'iii. Tho boird of green cloth, on willoh wera, displayed tho rnystorioua O and U,1 nynihols of an ainusaniçiit at which ton can pl iy ni wi ll ai twenty, and twenty an well aj ten, was diapLiying it* littvnctious ; whilo nJoiigi<idu, n> knot of Operators who bolioyo.in their ability w "bead '«tq"., worO tadulying in this blaokfellow's gtimo ol' throe up. Hero wns tho /<yi". //.Hfliei cribbage. 5 mid lo houp both whiners anil losers ¡a good owler, there wag no lack oflii|iioe, to which u well ol' oxoelloiilly oohl water uddid a pojidiur charm. Ut' letting there was but little up to tho time of tlia lads entering tho ring, but what littlo thoro wua rany ba looked upon us in l'uvour ol' tho Victorian, tho layer» oll'uring ö.to 4, while G tu.4 was duiuandod'by tho taken. AtaUmt.ono^ó'eloulf'tho^riug waa completad; mid, with- out delay, Kelly¡fhr'ów iii his cap, an;uiamplo which was itt buco followed by Charley. Tho latter¡ was waited on ; by-Tom-^Voods and Sill franklin ;,w)iiÍo Jemmy Wd tho . vuluablo aid of Neil Bittóu,and Bill Sparkes. Some timo ,was eui to Twasto'beforeia Kele reo could bo*oViosoii, recent " .oventa liiiving nindoinostrof thosu wlib^ivero eligible shy of undertaking tho duties; but when almost overy ono < hud boen tried, tho difficulty was got over by tho nrrivul / ol'a, goiitioiniiu, who has nlrcudy shown his unwavering J «teiiiliiuvs ol' purpojo in such enscs ; and ho was nt on03 prevailed upon toaot-his decision being fortunately nut culled for throughout tho buttle. Kverythiiig being thus arranged,. and Kelly having won tho toss for corners, the principals underwent tho operation of peeling, and preparing for tho fray, which, being completed, llorrogaii proposed to bet bia opponent ?a." Aver" on tho result., This, |iowovor, wai'not accepted, 'Kelly requiring 0 to -1, to which at last ..Charley eon scated'-*and'tue finishing''touches being-given to each, tho two Iuds toed tho scratch for TUE ïioirc. Round 1; On facing each other, a innrkcd diiTercnco WOB observable, not only in tbo make ol'the combatants, but also in their'stylo; Charley looked . muscular and big for his woight, mid lind in hiB whole appearance moro tho cut of a bruiser than his wiry looking antagonist. Wo fiinuiod that ho was soft und could have dono with, a littlo more work, and 1O»B flesh ; Kelly, although thin, was evidently hard, und his bronzed mug had moro of confidence iii it Hum wo could detect in that of tho mom experienced Charley. ; Tho positions of tho boys wera ^ widoly diUcrout, Hotregan, with bend thrown back and apparently good guard, being by for tho moro graceful, while TO could not look for quickness from tho somewhat ungainly attitudo of Kelly.- The latter stands-vory much aa Hob Urcttlo ia represented in-tho pictures of him,' and gives his head in a way that must play tho nu'sc'iief with the hands of his adversary. How wo were mis tnkeii wo shall now proceed' to show; - - Long mid cautious sparring was tho order of the day,'before cither would open tho bail ; and tho llrst attempts of each wore pro- ductive of no results. Jdiiimy anxious to forco tho fighting, nnd Charley wnitiiig for. his attacks.' At longtli Kelly gut homo on tho left ribs, when Charley "went iii, mid a rattling rally ensued, both lighting well willi lots of dotomiinutioh,'and in tho ond Kelly was clowns Oa going to their cornors a claim of first blood'was mado for Kelly and allowed, -'--' - ?.'.'. -.,,'... ti. Tho length of tho first round lind slightly winded both, nnil Charley showed a fow marks of Kelly's handi- work, tho whiteness of his skiu telling tules upon small provocation. Kelly lcd off, but at the first attempt neither got homo ; after long sparring Charley got hi» right homo, but Kelly gave his head ; nnd nfl or a short interval " tho .Spider" put in a rattling cross- counter^ with his right, but unfortunately being too high it caught ? Jemmy on tho temple j -and as Med Ditton nt one« ahrowaly remarked, " Charley's right fork was.gone" ¿Jomo quick lighting now ensued, giro and take being tho order of thu dnv, and no flinching. Kelly got ia several on tho body y and Charley also wns not behind hand, but ho did not administer much popper when hu did get home, mid was often short, l'retty exchanges followed, Charley -missing an tipper out, nnd getting homo on tho gob, lie did not however show, much quickness, and missed moro than ono opportunity of countering with-effect. Both anxious to li-jht, Charley propping on tho smeller as Jommy came m, and each lighting woll with both hands to a close' When they broke Jemmy got homo a " ono two," and again they closed, when after a short struggloKelly was under in a harmless full. 3\. Thu betting hud now shifted round in furor of Kelly, though no odds were laid; still ho had (hecall nt even money. On facing ouch other, it was evident th-.it Charley lind made up his mind to tire out Iiis ad- versary, and long cautious sparring led nt length to tho young un getting his left homo, followed ,hy a similar visitation loft and right, and another left handed smack ; nil without a return. (Cl-ive it him Jemmy, Iiis right mnwley's gono) Charley put in a littlo ono on tho "conk" followed by mutual exchanges. Knelt then' got home, though linrmlessly j Jemmy following his man, and getting homo on tho breast, hoing well countered on the " kisser," Kelly determined to be at it, paid another visit to Charley's victualling department; and then got ono homo on tho smeller with a ditto on tho ribs ; Hor regjnii on each occasion being shorthand giving rieo to considerable chnfllng from Kelly's corner. Jemmy got . ono home on tho proboscis, and each stood looking at tho other. (Koop him at it Jemmy !) . . Kelly: nothing loth, got homo his right on thc ribs, and jumped away laughing; then following Charley round tho ring, got homo oneo mid again, when Charley closed and threw him harmlessly. Half an hour had now clupscd. ' 4\. Cautious sparring, »lien Charley tried but wis short. Jemmy got homo twioo on tho " dial pinto," re- ceiving a littlo ono in return. After nuothor short ono, Charley got homo on tho " claret jug," turning oh tho tap pretty extensively. (Give it him Jemmy ! Ho's " cooked.) Stil) cautious. Kelly went in, but no harm was done in tho exchanges, mid in jumping nway Jfoi-, regan's spikes toro ono of Jemmy's boots. Kcllygot ia n stinging right, and following, treated. Charley .to a sec- ond edition j id'ter which a close and a break away. Both, men still as'strong, us ut tho commencement, .though Jemmy did not seem to Uko tho ebnstaiit flow of claret from his- muai jiromontary. Pretty.''exchanges," and Charley again drew tho cork of ' tho "claret department ; when Kelly got his right homo ' under tho heart, and ngnin in the bread-basket. Soino excellent couhter hitting and cries of" Well dono both ¡ thcy'ro n pair of littlo plums." Charley's gamo evidently was to keep Kelly in tho ring us long as possible, every now and then turning oil tho tup nfresh, and although tho young "un still fought on, ho would have been ns well pleased to have had "a v.ipo." His left oyo moreover wits beginning to close, mid betting hud died away to nothing. Jemmy still anxious to lend, got homo a couple of littlo ones, , when, niter some pretty exchanges, Horregnn- paid nuothor visitation to tho gob; mid then gavothoiap' auother turn.' An h uhr lind now boen consumed, of which this rouiid hud occupied just half, but still io little barm had been done, that no sign of a finish wai nt nil visible. Jemmy got well homo on tho jnw, »nd slightly on tho body; but ho appeared.to Bo*getting weaker, »nd Charley now put his blows aside, with th»' evident intention of tiring ..tba youiig,!un out*.. After sparring, Jemmy put moro energy in to his attack, jumped in and got homo left mid right on thoi " phisog," Charley tapping tho ruby three times in succession. . .(Iiis taft's gono Jemmy !. from iiod JJitton.) Oto -i 'again' laid 'on Charley, who now appeared : to havo' tho fight in linnd. (8-q iu:and finish him Jemmy.) . Jommy.-ocoording.ta orders, did go in, but got tho worst of tho exchangee, when Charley closed, and Jemmy was down. ' (L. holir and 18 minutes.) ?' . i ? 1 . ? 6\. On coming to time, Jemmy's mug showed digits* of punishment ; and he seemed getting weak ;-,whilb Char- ley, whoio kisser was certainly not nindo' moro beautiful, looked as strong us ever. Tho fighting waa harmlose, throughout this long mid weary round ; Horregan's.hands hoing useless ; arid J emmy, although his forks woro right, not haring tho stninuui. and strougth to go in and.finita, linell got homo occasionally but without powdor, and irs began to fancy wo wero to havo a "sundowner." "When tho round had histed 15 minutes both wnlkod to their corner.) uhd took n suck at thc bottle. Caution was th* gamo on ro-coiumeiicing ; Jemmy certainly seemed ubrond but his opponent was equally unable to attempt n finish. Ilia right was clearly very painful.to him, and from this oiit, nothing was dono ; tho.rcHt of tbs Agit, if such it could any longer be called, consisting in dod- ging each othor round and round, so as to get out of th» sun's rays which now. woro pretty powerful, "When two hours hod elapsed, and a second wipo boen indulged in, tba men stood looking nt each other, and could not help laughing, as wo suppo3od nt tho' prospect of re- maining; .in tho ring till sundown. ' To describo »ny further thia round were only. ii gross wasto of time, sutllco it is to, say that tho combatants romained in th» ritig for forty minutes longor, during jvluoh thoy a third tims returned to. their corners for consolation. At li-Dgto tlle rol'eroc proposed a draw, to which Ohnrloy atones consented, followed hy .Kelly ; and a shaking; of mairhvf> onsueil, whon tho men had boon witliin the ropos " tito hours and forty minutos. After reooivmtj tho attentions of their seconds'-both-woro.strong; ns" hons, nod, wilki little upiioarunco of punishment.* A proposal to get up a purao was negatived's" fovv hnving any "wish to ?". mais it suudown," when no necessity existed. So all eonght the boats ; and ivithoiitiuiy contretemps, by eight oiolook tho latest dlvioioh had iirrived.in.Syduov, ..;';.. :' ;.. BEICARKS.; " Tor niaity reason*! wa vforo 'disappointed.. Wo doa'* believeJu drown,itgjhts,. and'thorbforo wo consider this' buu tiiisnt i fiólory. " Wo liiokceWoc a lanrry.inili of forty or flfly in'iiinlei), with ¿i Wiu ¿Í lil J ebdbf .it, and expo-Hoa to soe raocii snionoo oil.thu*part of llorrogan. , lin MÇ ton'i of slinging Iiis right 'ni tiiö hoad ws>s tho most sui** (Ul policy ho could have boen, guilty of, and lia myW tut vc) known bb- baud¡ '(preciously inurt \f> He attributes to bia bond» loaring him in tho lurch. Ina twins unable to win, and wo thiuk with justice for with luiuds he could hardly hive missed makin« Kully give ia «flor tho fourth round. Still Horregan djd not nearly «¡Ollie up to our expedition, for ho must have dono.dil .-.ferently whun-he tpuijht Johnny aTussey,' "¿fe was hardly ian« good condition'us, hj might havo'been, and was toller than wu'expuetud hu 'WOUIJL be. Kelly has risen . ooiisidiriibly in our ostiinutiôm '.?' Ho'ia quick with both hands, ùnd.not to bo,denied; proving that elegance of position . is not the main 'thing ;, but ho' has hardly the stamina to drag through a long encounter with on old general. His condition was superb, mid rejected groat credit on Nod Bilton, who wo know had devoted unceas- ing attention to his task. Had Kolly biicn 'moro expert-: raced, ho would have won .his light, when ho found both Charley's hands;,knocked up; as it was,' we fancy tho imporfcot sight-cf his left oyo upset his confidence to co in and finish, Charley Horregan has made n mistake ; ho uudsrvaluod his' antagonist, and 'must sufTor for his p*in#. . ? ' .;. -' 1 