CHINA. We have papers from Hong Kong to the 13th of Sept mber. The Onrlaud China Mail of that date, advertirg to tbe death of the Emperor, says :—In tbe far north of his vast empire, when he fledfor safety from the haods ol man, the destroying angel has fallen upon him, end secured him within the bonds of death. Surrounded by the mural rocks of Tartary, and within the wails of Zehol, this mighty ruler has succumbed in the lower of his ?outh, and a nation of four hundred millions is cast ioto mourning. Where now are the vaunting* of this imperious prince, who spurned the contsc of British power f Wheie are his pre dictions that the "barbarian" armies of Albion sod Gsul would be swallowed up by the frigid elements of a northern Winter, or the calorific blasts of summer F Like a second Nicholas, he has been the first to succumb i and as the standard of England waved triumphantly on the Crimean shore, while the Au'oorat of all the Russians Rave up the ghost, so tht same flagnow flutt-is in the hot monsoon from tbe lands ceded and conceded to British power, while tbe Emperor of th* great Central Flowery Kingdom and it, many tributary principalis, lies cold and stiff with'n bis bunting palaoe on tht> northern frontier. Pesos to his ashes ! It is not tbe custom of Englishmen to trow orer a fallen foB, therefore let us leave tbe contemplation of such an important event in the political history of Chinese Fatherland to the fature, when the people amonget whom we have taken up our abode, a'.d in whom our chi>f| interests are centred, have paeBtd over the days of mourning, aod inaugurated thi reign of a new Emperor. Happily, the people are optimists of tbe most practical kind, and believe in tbe doctrine that "whatever is, is righ ." 'l'his beiief is vastly convenient for the 1 ruling powers; and as a matter of inevitable necessity, the nation sees io the demise of the Emperor the destiny of the Celestial Kioxdom rolling on in the course of time, as it has done for the kut ten thousand J ears, The will of the deceased Hi. n Fung Sot having yet been made public, tbe nami of MB mcctesor is etill unknown, although it is prcoable that he has made ch it* among his three rifanet relations, viz . hi( infant son, ihe brother who w«s with him in his last illmss, and bis brother Princ Rung, now in Pi kin In thi event of hiiinfant son being nominated, there will h, • regency, and the foreign policy of tin nation will most probably continue pic lie; in the event of Prince Kung's accession t, t is supreme rule tbe eame result may ht expected j but as regards the brother who accompanied his late Majesty to the Yehei, it is cot ao certain that his inclinations a't likely to be peaceful. As a politio.il event, the death of ilien Fung cannot be gita lj regretted bj any party The documents whioh came to light during our otmpaiog lo the North, showed hat he kept bimseJr in a atate cf complete ifolaticn from busi- ness, atd conld only be approached by bis advisers in the most delicate manner even when the affairs of the ft opire had ocme to a serious crisis. It is qui e reasouablt to suppose that under a i,ew inier the government of Cbina may voluntarily adopt a more liberal po icy, and ascepi foreign intercourse as an accomplished fact which it is useless as well as impolitic t> disturb, or in any way endeavtnr to un- "".tto. : ihe Overland Trade Report of lbe 11th states that the -resections which were placed upon foreigners- visiting Pekio appear to have been removed, and many tatties aire preparing to visit that capital. Jpon the whole, foreign affairs wear a somewhat improved' appearance. The import trade io British manufactures at Tientsin is highly satisfactory, nut there is no export trade, and the rigour of the climate is much complained cf; extreme heat in summer, and intense cold in winter. For fWe months the p'ace is frozen up. At Yingtaze {the port of Nfewcliwang) there is not much pro pect of a Urge trade. The country is poor, producing only peas pulse, etc, which, by a clause in tbe treaty, aannot be exported in foreign bottoms—so, that ships going there will have to return ia ballast, JtaudesUiia flier tare several drawbacks—tbe climate has the objections to which Tientsin is subject—the -river is shallow and ill—adapted for navigation, end it is frozen up in the winter. An irregular, though a large trade has been conducted for some time at Cbeefoo, both in opium and manufactured goods—the only exports having been pu'se, etc. He trade is jiow on the wane, not only from its having fallen iata direct and legitimate channels, but from the circumstance of transit fees having been euddenly levied, which have stopped the trade. Oa the YangUiekiang trade appears to be thriving famouUy. 