TIlE CONVICT OUTMItEAK. (Times, March 26.) On Sundsy morning, while the good people of this metropolis were at their prayers, a very un pleasant scene was enacted at no great distance. A gang of desperate conspirators had plotted aln outbreak of which murder and arson were but theprelinhinaries. Their next step would have been to let loose upon the country nearly a thio. sand rufflans. On the other side, forewarned by secret intelligence ando prepared for insiant actioo, sieod a streong force o1 iien armed ts the leeth and ready to deal death around them at the first signal from their leaders. They were sapported -__--_by 300 soldiers and the collisioii, if it lied an a ilhy occurred, mast liner been sooiieiniig more friglie flu than lies bceis witnesased for eiiy a year in this peaceful kliigdomi. It is terriible, indeed, to reed of the preparations by which the crisis was attended. ttillea, Inltoad of beinig leaded with ball, were charged withi buckiohot io reiiier the edt more iirderous. Mei were siationei in positloas from which lhey caude sweepi a whole gallery with their fire and search every corner with masketry. There was to be no wirning or temeporiziiig on iii ordiieiry riots. lliinanity, under ouch circiimitaflees, ewas heat shown in eils. hesitating action, and the first symptoms of dis turbance would have been smothered by a volley. Ihappily these preparations were so formidable as to prevent the outbreak and the catastrophe has been escaped. All this occurred at Chathiam li the convict riseson. Mr. Charles Dickens in his new tale a venturing attractively on this yet untrodden ground of fiction, and many readerswill now ob tain some insight lIto the character of a convict estabhlshmeit someyears since. Chiatha, how ever, is one of our imodiel institiitlions, far superior as we hope, to the hulks of times gone ha, and as theseo places are now manoaged it is dillcelt to believe that the inmates could have beon lriven to revolt either by the severity of the original sentence or by aggravations experienced at hse hands of their gaolers. Nevertheless, for several weeks past the convicts at Chatham have been more or less in mutiny, and though the first out breaks were cifectuslly suppressed and followed by proceedings judiciously atlempered, the spirit of rebellion has been active ever since. A few days ago it became known to the Governor of the prison that a certain number of the convicts had conspired to fall upon the warders at a preconl certed opportunity, release the whole body of the prisoners, upwards of lOn in number, set fire to the building, and effect their escape. 'Tfhis out break wao averted for the tine by the nrraige ments we have described, but on Sunday the attempt was to be renewed, and. again, therehire, the precautions were renewed also. It seams scarcely probable that, after these repeated miscarriages, the conspirators shouid persevere in their designs, or that the authorities of the prison, after so loany warnings, should be taken at a disadvantage. Ofi danger, therefore, ihere is per haps little liar, but so formidable, and we nay add extraordinary, a plot, deserves strict enquiry and anxious considerationt. Investigations, mu deed, were promptly iet on foot after the first disturbances, but if they have resilted in any material discovery it has not been moado known. Nobody can te surprised at the desire of a pri soner to escape from hii prises, and if that had ie en the chief object of the revolters there would le ntlhinCs very strange about the case. We were informed that a portion of the convicts at Chatham had recently been removed fron ain establishment not regulated with itiqal judgmenti ; that the con victs and keepers thus imported hall brought sith thie iad habits, or habits which appeared bad when contrasted with the better usages prevailing at Chatham, and that this was the leaven which produced the fermient. The old hands did not like the new system, and, as no prisoner can be supposed to be enamoured of his position, it was easy to convert submissive suffering into vindic tive discontent. 'iTlat seems to tie the only expla nation of the affair yet obtained. The disturb aices coimiiinced as much proceedings ore usually commenced by all unreasonable and restless agents -by prisoners in a gaol, by mutineers aboard ship, or by "ghosts" in a haunted garret. The convicts msde all kinds of useless and objeciless noises, they threw their messtraps nbout, they shrieked and yelled in their cells until the uproar became hideous, they kicked against their ilors, and vented their destructiveness on everything within reach, Presently they attacked the war ders, and a few weeks ago they actually sneceeded for a short time lit getting command of the prison. That revolt, however, was put down, severe punishment followed, and the time was thought to have arrived fora diacriminative amntesty, whten on a sudden the rebellion breaks out once more. It appears to us that the most remarkable fea turo in the whole atftsir is this persistence in hopeless revolt. We can understand the begin ning of the business oncording to the current ver sion of the story, but, besides that tile tlesisn had palpably miscarried, it must be observed that the ringleaders had been removed. One by one, or group by group, the presumed instigators of the outbreak leave been taken off the scene. There was a raezi made some weeks ago, and yet the riot recurred ten days back. Ott that occasion four more of the "ringleaders" were arrested, but the riot was nevertheless renewed; and, though two more were afterwards selected and confled, it does not seem that order is permanently restored, or that the authorities of theestablishment are re lieved from apprehension. This we cannot com prehend. TIle prison by this time should surely have been purged of its worst elements, and, it the mischief was owing to a bad leaven, that leaven we should think must have been worked oat. It would be tntural, no doubt, to conclude that they are acting under the influence of ito spair, and that a few such I rreclaimable characters can always create ass insurrectionary spirit is a community composed of sufferers. Perhaps this is about the truth of the matter, but it will be remarked that even the worst crissiuals of all have not been left absolutely without hope, while the others have been provided with powerful tao tives for good behaviour. We trust that inquiry may throw some light upon the matter, and that the results will be made known. It is not a case in which it is necessary to presume any errors of system, for neither good conduct nor resigialion can le altogether expected of offenders under punishment; but the obstinacy of the spirit dis played at Chatham bespeaks either some strange phases of convict character, or some fresh diflicul ties in convict management. A general reduction of the dietaries seems to as the readiest means of producing submission. 