BAPTIST CHAPEL, ADELAIDE. There were special services on Sunday, Dec 15, in White's Room (where the congregation under the ministry of the Rev. Silas Mead usually assemble for worship), in connection with the laying the foundation-stone of the New Baptist Chapel, in Flinders-street. The weather was very stormy and wet, notwithstanding which there was a good con- gregation at the Room in the morning, when the Rev. Isaac New, of Melbourne preached from the 2nd chapter of Acts from the 41st to 47th verses —'Then they that gladly received His Word were baptized; and the same day there were added unto them about three thousand souls. And they con- tinued stedfastly in the Apostles' doctrine and fel- lowship, and in breaking of bread, and in prayers. And fear came upon every soul ; and many won- ders and signs were done by the Apostles. And all that believed were together, and had all things common; and sold their possessions and goods, and parted them to all men, as every man had need. And they, continuing daily with one accord in the Temple, and breaking bread from house to house, did eat their bread with gladness and single- ness of heart, praising God, and having favour with all the people. And the Lord added to the Church daily such as were saved.'' The preacher drew a vivid picture of the first Church, with its steadfastness, prayerfulness, and devotedness, and derived important lessons there from to the Churches of the present day. There is no need to say that the sermon was most able and eloquent. In the afternoon the Rev. S. Mead preached an impressive sermon from 1st Corin- thians, 15th chapter and 25th verse— "For he must reign till he hath put all enemies under his feet." In the evening Mr. New again preached to a crowded audience, comprising between 700 and 800 persons, taking for his text the following words from the 12th verse of the 74th Psalm :— "God is working salvation in the midst of the earth." The large congregation listened with rapt attention while the preacher in thrilling words enlarged upon his text, and illustrated the truth contained in it. The Rev. Isaac New preached again on Monday evening, December 16, at the Congre- gational Chapel, North Adelaide, to a large congregation, comprising members of all religious denominations. He selected for his text Isaiah xxxii. 15, "Until the Spirit be poured upon us from on high, and the wilderness be a fruitful field, and the fruitful field be counted for a forest." The sermon was a most eloquent one, and was listened to with deep attention by the numerous auditory. At its close a collection was made on behalf of the new Baptist Chapel in Flinders-street. The foundation-stone of the new Baptist Chapel, Flinders-street, was laid by Mr. David Randall, of Mount Crawford, on Wednesday afternoon, De- cember 18. The weather was most propitious, and by the appointed hour, 3 o'clock, upwards of 300 persons had assembled, induding the Rev. Isaac New, James Lyall, Keen, G. Stonehouse, Evans, J. Hannay, J. Jefferis, H. Cheetham, Tuck, S. Mead (Pastor of the Church), and other ministers of various denominations, and a large number of old colonists and others of the highest standing and respectability. The proceedings were commenced by singing the 794th hymn from the Baptist hymn-book. The Rev. Mr. Keen afterwards read a portion of the 84th Psalm, and the Rev. J. Lyall engaged in prayer. Mr. D. RANDALL then went through the cere- mony of laying the stone. A receptacle was formed in the ground at the spot where the stone was to be laid, and just before lowering it two bottles were deposited in it — one containing copies of the Register, Advertiser, and Chronicle, and the other copies of the Observer, Register, and Advertiser, a few coins, and a docu- ment, of which the following is a copy:— ' This document, being a record of the object for which this chapel is to be erected, is deposited under the north-east corner stone. The chapel is built for the use of the Church of God, holding Baptist principles, now worshipping in White's Room, King William-street,' in this city, and is devoted to the worship of God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost— One Triune Jehovah. The Church was formed at Lefevre terrace Baptist Chapel on the 5th of August, in this present year. The stone is laid by David Randall, Esq., of Mount Crawford, on this eigh- teenth day of December, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, the Rev. Silas Mead, M.A., LL.B., being Pastor of the Church; Mr. Christopher Giles, Mr. George Shaw, Mr. David Fowler, and Mr. William Kyffin Thomas being Deacons. The Committee for superintending, the new building consists of Messrs. George S. Fowler, James Whiting, John Beeby and James Alexander Holden, and the Church officers abevenamed. Architect, Mr. Robert George Thomas; builders, Messrs. English and Brown.' Mr. Randall, the Rev. John Hannay and the Rev. Silas Mead delivered appropriate addresses. The plans of the building were afterwards placed on the platform for inspection. The designs have been prepared by Mr. R. G. Thomas, architect, of Gresham-place, and the whole of the works will be carried out, under the superintendence of the archi- tect, by Messrs. English &. Brown, of Adelaide. The entire cost, including site, proposed schools, fencing, and various incidental expenses, is esti- mated at about £5,800. The following description has been kindly supplied for publication :— 'The proposed Baptist Chapel will front to Flinders-street, at the corner of Divett-place, the north, or principal front, being to Flinders-street. The area of the chapel is 98 feet long by a width of 48 feet in the interior, but with the addition of the entrance- lobbies and vestries, and the walls and buttresses, the total length is 140 feet, with a width of 60 feet. The present accommodation is for 730 worshippers; but by the addition of gal- leries, for which there is ample height, a total of 1,300 can be accommodated at any future time. The lower portion of the north front is occupied by an open arcade of three pointed arches, resting on cylindrical stone columns,, with boldly-carved capitals and giving access to a loggia, from which the principal doorways open right and left, there beins no doorway fronting the north. Above the arcade, and separated from it by a carved string course, is a handsome rose window, enclosed within a deeply-recessed arch, carried by columns, and having a hood moulding. The arcade and rose window form a central portion to this front, and are flanked by deep buttresses having tablings and pediments with carved finials. The side-aisles to the front are occupied by the lobbies and stair cases, and are coped with stone, audhave windows of varied design lighting the staircases. The central gable is likewise coped with stone, and moulded. The front to Divett-place and the west front are similar, and are lighted by six windows on each side of two lights each, with varied tracery of early character and mullions with columns attached, having moulded bases and carved capitals and deep transoms. Buttresses are placed between each window of two stages, finishing under a moulded eavescourse— a cornice with stone brackets to sup- port the rain-water shuting. A porch is intended to the Divett-place front, with separate entrance to the chapel. Attached to the chapel and opening into it from near the platform are a large vestry or schoolroom for present use and a minister's vestry; these have also separate entrances at the back. The roof is intended to be covered with galvanized iron plates, with an' ornamental ridge crest, and the whole of the walls have stone copings. The interior of the chapel has an open timbered roof, with semicircular unices and tie-beams, with moulded purlines forming panels, and is ceiled to the collar-beam. The braces extend below the tie beams, setting into carved stone brackets fixed between the window openings. All the roof timbers will be stained and varnished. The seats for the congregation, the platform, table, &c; will be of cedar and polished. There will be no pulpit, but a platform will be provided for the minister with a desk, and underneath the platform a bap- tistery will be formed in stone, to be supplied with water from the reservoir. The windows lighting the chapel are intended to have sheets of plate-glass fitted into the stone without frames, casements being provided for ventilation only. Besides the window casements, ample means of ventilation are provided by movable ventilators in various situations, and also by a newly-invented arrangement of a continuous series of openings on a level with the ceiling, forming externally a sort of low clerestory. The whole of the roof is boarded and ceiled under the galvanized iron, so as to resist the heat as much as possible. The style of the new building is early Gothic, with details somewhat continental and Italian in character, although plain and unpretending. Modifications due to climate and local peculiarities have been unhesitatingly introduced.' At half- past 5 an excellent tea was provided in White's Rooms, of which upwards of 700 persons partook, and relays had to be made. After the tea, things had been cleared away and the seats arranged, the room was very soon again completely filled to hear a lecture from the Rev. Isaac New. There could not have been less than 1,000 persons present. The Hon. G. F. Angas, M.L.C., occupied the chair, and the Rev. C. W. Evan gave out the 139th hymn from the 'Psalms and Hymns,' com- mencing ' When on Sinai's top I see,' after which the Rev. W. Butters engaged in prayer. The Rev. Silas Mead then read the following report :— 'Treasurer's Statement. Donation of a friend to the cause ... £500 0 0 Subscriptions ........................ 1,643 7 0 Collections, Sunday, ... £42 11 3- " Monday ... 14 16 8 57 7 11 Tickets &c;, for lecture 100 0 0 £2,300 14 11 ' This sum the same kind friend has very gene- rously promised to supplement by £1,000, in addition to his former donation or £500. This makes the sum total now raised £3,300 14s. 11d. ESTIMATED COST. Land £400 Contract 4,810 Pewing, fencing, architect's commission 605/ £5,815 ' I may be permitted to state that the ladies of the Church and congregation have worked very earnestly in order to diminish our expenditure; and I may also say that no member of our Church has been officially asked for subscriptions, but the amounts given by individual members show they have done what they could. The appeal made to other friends for aid have, on the whole, been very liberally responded to. With some few exceptions evident sympathy has been shown towards this undertaking. We are grateful for the aid thus rendered. We are much gratified, moreover, that this aid has been rendered without our having had recourse to methods of raising money which it is difficult to harmonize with the principles of Chris- tian voluntaryism. That glorious principle is the basis of our action. We hold it firmly— hold it in its integrity. We believe in it; believe in its power, believe in its adequacy to supply our re- quirements, believe in its purity, believe in its rightness; above all, we believe this is the principle appointed, approved of, and blessed by the great Head of the Church. It is, therefore, our determination to carry it out fully and purely.' The Chairman said they had met that evening to hear a lecture by the Rev. Mr. New. Mr. New had been here only a few days, but had addressed them several times already. He was therefore so well known both here and in Melbourne, that it would be unnecessary for him (the Chairman) to make any introductory observation. The lecture about to be delivered was one of great interest, as it would convey a vast amount of historical information and illustrate important doctrines of their common religion. Without further comment he would introduce to them the reverend lecturer. The Rev. Isaac New then delivered his lecture on 'The Four Mountains -Sinai, Zion, Tabor, Calvary.' It was characterized by a fervid pathos, a rich and glowing eloquence that com- pletely enrapt the attention of the large audience for upwards of an hour and a half. On Thursday evening, December 19, the recog- nition service, in connection with the call to the pastorate of the Rev. Silas Mead, M.A., LLB., over the Baptist Church now worshipping in White's Room, and his acceptance of the same, took place in White's Rooms. The room was not filled, but there were about 500 persons present. There were upon the platform the following ministers:— The Revs. Isaac New (Baptist), J. Lyall (United Presbyterian), C. Manthorpe, W. Wilson. F. W. Cox, J. Jefferis. and H. Cheetham (Independents), Silas Mead, G. Stonehouse, Butt- field, Tuck, Evans, and J. Hannay (Baptists). The Rev. G. Stonehouse presided. After singing a hymn the Rev. F. W. Cox read part of the 1st chapter of Paul's 2nd Epistle to Timothy. Prayer was then offered by the Rev. Wm. Wilson, and another hymn was sung. The Rev. C. Manthorpe then addressed the assembly on 'The special means which the Churches of Christ in this city should adopt in order to secure the salvation of those lowest sunk in sin.' The Rev. G. Stone- house then addressed the Church and congregation worshipping under Mr. Mead's ministry, and, founding his remarks on the charge delivered by Paul to the Church at Philippi, dwelt with great force on the essentials necessary for the formation and support of a Christian Church. The Rev. John Hannay followed with an address on the duties of the deacons' office. The Rev. Isaac New concluded the service with a most powerful and eloquent charge, addressed to the Rev. Silas Mead on his call to the pastoral office, specially recom- mending the character of Barnabas to him, which he dwelt upon in glowing language, and urged upon him the cultivation of eminent piety. The proceeds of the tea meeting and the collec- tions at the various services amounted to nearly £200. 