A NIGHT IN THE JUNGLE. " Tlio" liyrenas and wolves' wore roaring all might optsid's my tent, but I kbpt up a good fire, u id roso from time to time to look to it, and 'to tlio:. priming of; my guns, and so, got through tlio dark hours without, accident. — Vide travels of anybody/anywhere, nt any psgo you liko to turn to. ' ; I venture to take tlio 'nbovo quotation as . a motto to my.modost article, because it is appro priate to (lie matter of wliioli I design to treat. I too hnvo heard tlio: hysenas and wolvos howl ing outside my tont — if I may call it so — I havo risen from time to time to rdiov'o my restless ness, and 'though I 'ltavo noither looked to my fire or ray , gun, I .also havo ( got through tlio dark .hours without any accident whatevor— oven tlio filiehfcest. Tiie fact beinc. that those sounds have 'reached' mo". without' thy stirring ' from home, or forsaking tho'protcctioh ot Mary- lobono for so much' ni'a single day. ' 1 It is ono of the romantic circumstances ^con nected with a residence in Lumbago terrace, Regent's Park, that tlieinliubitahts of that moist and reekiug region are -able, in certain states of the wind, to hear in. the dead. of. night the roar of tho Hon nnd tho.yoll of tlio tiger, with out apprehending any annoyance from! tlio near neighbourhood. of theso , terrible- animals. ToJ listen to. such music, while lying com fortably botwoen the . sheets, is not b id sport. It is having, so to speak, tlio jungle brought home to one's door. You have the excitement of a night in the dosert without any Bens'o of insecurity, or any of tho "inconveniences in separable -from Eastern und Southern travel. And-all'this we, the inhabitants of Lumbago terrace, owe to tho happy chance which caused tlio- Zoological 'authorities of this country to fix: upon, the Regent's Park as tho spot ;best suited for the exhibition of their collection. I. have often hoard, then, from uiy abode in Lumbago terrace (to which residence I havo adhered through twenty years of rheumatism), tlio roaring of tlio wild- beasts in tile Zoological Gardens j but I never heard it so loud, I never hoard it break forth witli such n sadden frenzy of violence, as it did at midnight oil Wednes day, tlio twenty-sixth of Juno of tho present year. \ I -have said that I liayo. frequently heard these sounds bofpro;' Wlieii a change of weather is towurd — whioh is very often — when thunder is nt hand, when the wind is- in: tiie oast, 'nnd ut other seasons of discomfort, tlio poor beasts behind tlio bnrs in the- Zoological Gordons solaco their misorv by giving vent to the most dismal moans and. roarings' conceivable, and sometimes among, the other sounds the thunder of the lion's roar may be hoard pre- eminent and distinct.- . , On tlio night, iiowovor, to wliioh I have al luded, tlio outcry of tlieso unhappy animals was altogether of a. dilfcrcnt character.'.' They (had been quiet all day, and , all through tlio early part of the night, whoa suddenly and almost to a minute,' at' twelve p.m., tlio whole chorifs of tliem burst out into'oiie-miglity shriek and yoll of passion, -wliioh laitod-iii its fury so consider able a time that I -' came to the conclusion that some altogether unprecedented event must have taken place. . In flict,- 1 sat up in bed and said to -myself, as. I -struck t.wolre cheerful little strokes out of my repeater : „ . j " What can be going on to-night at tho Zoo logical Gardens ?." ; - - - ' The reader 'shall 'hear what, was going otli At oxiictly fiftcin minutes after, nine p.m. on the ovoning "liieritioiied above, a party of four gentlemen niight liavo been observed ringing at a little postern gate,1 whioh, when closed, forms - part , of tiie fence of, the outer circle of 'tlio Regent's' Purk., ,. With ; tho reader's 1 permission , wo ' ' ' will ' adopt, in case it should' be' , noedful to speak of any one ' of tiies j - persons, a praotico which lias' received the sanction of the poet Sbakspsro, though lio' 'go-icr Ally reserved it for robbers, 'murderers,' inobs, and other dis orderly oiiaraotors— in a wei-J, we will call thom 1st Gentleman, 2nd Gentleman, - 3rd Gentle man, nnd Ath Gentleman.' ! ' These four goatlemin, then, having rung at tho gat?, and having, b:en admitted by a .keeper, wp re by luui -giuded to the house ot tlio superintendent of tlio collection ; and it then bienno apparent tlint their .'visit was a premeditated visit, find that tlioy hud eome tiiere by appointment., for tiie express purpose of making a" bight inspection of tlio Gardens, and ascertaining for themselves how that ;col- lection,' wliioh wo till know so well by daylight, looked in tlio d irk,- or 'illuminated only by tho light of a' lantern'. < 'l'ho pnrty was form id witli littlo delay. : It was headed by tlio superintendent, who wih closely, fojlowcd; by'his- four visitors ; a giiai-d of officials coiincci.iHl wiilt tho place bringing: up tliorojir. At .this time tbo feelings of -our four friends, as they -moved across tlio mrdons witli q lantern in front and a 1 intern beliind, were of a peculiar, .kind, oseiliating betweon a .conviction that they were going to sit up all night to see an execution at duybreak, and a firm belief that they were "about to 6t.irt imuie- diat :ly for foreign parts, on a voyage atteuded with many difficulties, niul'iilconeoiviibio poril. It was quite possible to imagine that soma sucli journey-was' 'not- only in contemplation, but that it Iin l "actually been oiitcred on and pr03ecutod till. fclio ! four tros-ellers had- rciiehcd some remote und savago district-- tliou'sands of miles out of/ tlio"wuy of civilisation. Tlio small lints and low buildings which ware scat tered about being - easily imagined into wig wams, und tho occasional ory of some distant wild beast, or the shriek of some tropical bird striking on tlio car, miieli as tlioy might do in some Indian jungle,, or Australian lbrest. Tlio trees, too, in the darkness showed only the vaguest outline of their shnpr, and might havo becii.sliriibs of trOpienl' growth", for aught that could .bo Btiid to tho contrary. It was not long before 'tlio four gontlemon who' had found themselves '- suddenly triin-' sported from Central London to Control Africa wore able to detect, at somo oonsidcmblo dis tance, the form of. .an animal of-'lai-go size und .ungaiuty shape, standing motion loss,, on the margin of a . small . pool of .wator, wj|icli lay stretched put in fropt otit, ' TIip line. of this oreaturo were -o-.t y, very yngnely discoruiblo in tlio dim- twiligiit of ,n Juno niglif," and it . was too fur oil for the lanterns of the guides I to bo of any use. Supernaturally still, super- 1 naturally lmgo nnd tcrriblo in its forms, its faint grey masses only partially roliovcd from tho faint grey mnssoa of the gfoiuid arid bank behind it, tlieri) was something So ghost- liko about this motionless spectre, that 3rd Gentleman remarked to 4th Gentleman as the party moved on, that ho saw now for tlio first timo that the. particular monstor which had reappeared from time to time in all tlio favcred dreams of which lie had been tho victim sinco he was five yoars old, was, beyond all doubt, a hippopotamus seen by twiligiit. Compared with this visiori, tlio next unimal with whom tlio travellers catno in contact was almost homely in its unimprMsivcness. An elephant lying down on itB sido close before you, and snoring so regularly nnd so loudly, that it was a wonder that his next door noiglibour, tho rhinoceros, (lid not kick nt the partition to wako him, is not, in. truth, a speotaolo to nwo tho bolioldor. Our adven turers passed on, after remarking to each other that tlioy. thought tlioy dotcoted n self-contained fury . in the cyo of. tlio rhinoceros, which looked ng if lie could not stand tho snoring j of the olophant much longer, and would infallibly give wurriing next day. Past tho startled giraffes waving their heads in alarm at this night visit, the little parly moved on to where the vigorous and healthy .ostriches live sido by Bide witli a 'certain little wan shy creature which is neithar healthy nor vigorous. It was pitiful to see that poor, bare; wingless, fo-itliorless biped, tho . nptoryx, turned out of that shcltor and concealment which she adheres to strenuously. The very wall of hor hiding-place hid to bo removed before there was any possibility of getting iter to show herself, and Iter misery nt being thus suddenly turned out in the night witli tiie glare of a lamp upon her, und strangers peering nt lier through tlio wires rif tho cage, was touching in tlio extreme. Tho poor wretch oven dodged about to get behind the shadow of tlio kccpor who wont into the don, so ns to get that functionary's body and limbs botwean itself nnd tlio light. Poor obsoloto creature, rarely found upon tlio surface of the world, belonging t) a species fast dying out, nnd which almost' ought to be extinct, it shuns the light and loves the shade and retirement as some unlucky person who has Burvivod his ago and cannot nil-ipt himself to tlio now state of things might keep himself out of tho ivny of tho now generation nnd its rapid progress. " Here, 1st me get nway out ot this glare," says the poor nptoryx, "lam not of this period; I knowl ought to bp extinct; I can't movo with tlio ago; I don't approve of. the prcsont goings oil ; tlioy don't suit me. ; Not that I wish to interfere or prevent your moving on as you like, but plcuso to let me keep out of it all — for it's not in my lino, and, if you'll allow me, I'll get back again beliind my screen, nnd end my d-iys out of sight and out of mind." Tho grove of parrots slart's at first sight of tlio lantern into such a bristling phalanx of glaring, shrieking, bobbing, vengeful; demons, that our adventurers do not spend mnny scconds in their society, but owning them- selves vanquished, fly off into tho darkness again, leaving this whole army of malignants in full screech of triumph behind them, arid betaking themselves to .tlio 'region whore tho beaver, busy in the night, is like somo country ..gentleman for ever ocoupied witb the improvements in and about .his small estate. . " : i : . : For, thoro never was Bitch a fidget as your bonvcr. Talk about human mnnins for bricks and mortar; talk about throwing .out- bows,' making now paths through, tlio woods, Hinging up slight conservatories, or knocking your passago into your diriingroom ;. tlieso human weaknesses are nothing to tlio alterations winch tho bcavor is perpetually, making in' his estate, and apparently simply for tlio sako of making them. It is quite impossible not to envy tbo obvious senso of enjoyment with which tins rascal crawls over i lie top' of his. house to whore somo bough which hns made part of his that ell; does not meet his approval and taking ono end of . it into his mouth, drugs it , after . him till ho > ' 'gets to j tlio odgo of his pond, into which lie nllowB himself to -tumble, .bough nnd all, with a ltizy flop. Would that tlio poor-optoryx could have sueli sport as that bcavor when lie swims round the pond t witli tho ond of tlio bough etill in liis mouth, and presently, dragging,, it out of the water again, trios, how it will look on' tho otlior Bide of his roof. This beaver scorns per petually happy. Ho has constructed his own abode with materials "thrown over into 'his onelosurc, and goes on tlius reconstructing nnd altering it for ever. Tlio .superintendent com-: muriicntcs it to 1st Gentleman, ' who Totalis it to 2nd, nnd so on, that this beaver is so fond of liis liouso (hat though lie managed on oho. occasion to get out' of his enclosiiro rind down to the banks of tlio neighbouring canal in the dead of. the -night, lie jtvas yet found, next morning, back in his legiti mate domain, and working away at liis " im provements" as hard as ovor. . Ho is a lively chap at night, and- was . not tlio least diseon-. ccrted by tlio presence of tiie pnrty gathered round hini, but was, on the; contrary, 60 tre mendously busy in doing nothing and then undoing it again, still keeping his oya upon, the four gentlemen who had cbriic 'to see' him, that. 3rd Gentleman was heard ut last to remark to 4th Gentlomari that' -lie " looked upon lliia animal as an impostor, and bcliovod he Was' doing it all for effect." | In tho duo course of suohtrapid changes of country and climate as our adventurers are at this timo subject to, it is not' long before tjioy coino to a region where snakes and reptiles' writhe and twist and stand erect, glaring malignantly at the intrudors op their solitude, and at tlio unwonted binzo of lnmpliglit that comes with them. . Festooned .boas hpng like tropical plants Abovo tliem, l-ojitilcs witli legs crawl 'out and watch tliem witli erect bends, and small mulignnnt dust-coloured vipers stand', upon the tips of their tails And gasp onyerioiried breatli 'against them. ' ' " Was it a dream— 2nd ' Gentleman arid 4th, Gentleman wore now -getting very sloepy, and; it might have been — was it a dream. that one of the guide) about this timo remarked, pulling out a small lioavy - bag from a plaeo' of orin- coalmcut, that, ho had got a. few mico there, and ' tint, perhaps, soino , of tlio reptiles might bo on the feed ? Was- it a dream UiUb iiu jiruauuui .uivcu uuwii miu tiiis uug, and, fishing '.up a littlo 'white niousi by tlio tail, introduced it into tlio don of a' fear fully wido awake and restless dragon, with four logs, nnd a tail; and a pair of watchful eyes ? It must have beon a dream— it was too 'horrible to be anything oise — that this littlo ci-euture ran to tlio furthest corner of tlio den from that occupied by the dragon, arid that anon,' finding itself unmolested — for tlw dragon was too much occupied with our four gontlomen to toko any notice of his small guest — came out and began to play nbout in the close vicinage of its' tor mentor, who evidently had his eye upon it, oven wiiilo ho appeared to be .watching'; liis human visitors.- .Yes; this was evidently ri droain, ond (drcaiiiliko) - there was lio termi nation 'to 'it; tho , mouso riii'd tlio m'onBtor being loft" thus together, 'tlio' mo'tiso playing and tlio monstor watching, 'without seeming to do so, out of tho vomer of 'his eye. Stop j porhaps tlio mouse got oiif 'after wards through tlio bars; -there seemed to! bo room. Thank goodnoss, there seemed to be loom. " ; Tlioro is noworsoploooto dream in, than1 tlio Zoological Gardens. Gentleman No. 2 dreamed about this time, and so did No. 4, that a voice said onco again, " Ferhnps this one will toko a mouso" — "this .Olio" being tho wretch., who stood upon the end of his tail. The mouse was again handed in alive, and then both the above- mentioned gentlemen dreamed of a crunch, rind then ota white mouse slowly disappearing down a throat not anything like so largo as tlio object it swallowod, and tlioy dreamed furthor that at lust only the hind-logs. of thomousoand tliocud of its tail remained outside the snake's jaws, and that after this the form of tlio mouse was plainlydisuorniblo os'it mndo its way along tlio interior of tho snake's throat, till it was lo9t in tlio coils oftlie reptile's body, and might bo con sidered to bo; finally disposed of; at wliioh point in their droam Gentlomcu Nos. 2 and 4 both felt.ns if tlioy had takoa a .largo and uncompromising pill. . After this, both tlieso gontlomen sqw,iri' their drenm, a monster, nightmare frog, impossibly liugo arid bloated, nnd .then' tlioy went on to a place where tlioy had tlio most hori-iblo rision of all ; tho dream-monster this time being cnllod " Tlio Javan Lorii." . 2nd Gentleman and 4th Gentleman imagined that they went into a place where there were moro festoons of Python snake ovor their heads, hoaving and swelling like animated snnd-bagn, where thoro wob a very slcopy sloth, who was so drowsy that lie could niver koop - upon tho top of the trco-bouglis among which lie resitlod, but always appeared to liavo tumbled off, and to be holding on by his hands and feet, and looking at, society upsido down ; and our two gentlomcu drenmcd, moreover, that there wore lioro some vorv npisomo impos sibilities which liung pondcrit from other boughs of trees, and wore supposed to bo asleep, but could not really liavo been so, or they would liavo dropped off— supposing tho laws of gravitation to apply to flying foxes, which is, perhaps, supposing too mucli — and then they thought that all these things had ceased to be, and lmd' turned into a small brown animal something liko a rabbit, but moro liko a hugo rat, concerning which a dream-voico spake, and said: — "Tliisistho Jnvan Loris, and you will ob serve that one of its chief peculiarities is, that it docs not kill its prey, but cats it alive," It waB quite a comfort to our two sleepy gentlemen to remember in their dreuni that thoy were dreaming, for the Jnvan Loris actually seemed to sit up on its hind legs, nnd holding a livo mouso in its paw, took bites out oi it, as a 'schoolboy docs out of an apple. From tlieso horrible visions Gontlomen Nos. 2 and 4 nwoko as tho night air blow upon them in emerging from the land of reptiles, and thoy hastened, to tell their dreams to their compa nions. But what was the worst of it ail was, that 1st Gentleman and 3rd Gentleman, who professed to liavo beon awako all this time, wore not a bit surprised, and said that . tlioy, too, liad seen and beard all theso things, and that tlicy were not dream9 but, dire realities. Nos. 2 and 4 wore so horrified ot their statement, that thoy expressed a desire to return and sacrifice the Javan Loris on his own hcnrtli ; they wore, iiowovor, not ullorecd to proceed with this praiseworthy act of retribution. Truly there is a great deal of suffering mixed up with tho lives of most members of the anim 1 creation. What a . liidoous timo of it, for instance, a littlo fish residing in tho same neighbourhood with a large pike must liavo. Those great jaws must be a porpetual nightmare to tho poor little wretch, who. surely has intellect enough to. know that lio is con- tinuolly in danger of finding his way into them. How can lie enjoy liis meals, tlio society of his friends, bis natural rest and. sleep, with that long, narrow, dangerous-looking wolf of tlio waters over on the spot, ever ready for a pouneo ? Do fish over sleep ? They certainly nouo of tliem appeared to be in n slumbering condition when Gentlemen 1, 2, and 3, camo in the course of their night journey to the watery regions, and surveyed (outrageous combinations of things) tlio bottom of tbo sea, by lamp light, in tlio llogont's Park. Gentleman No. 4 was left beliind at this particular point in the voyage, and was , found by the other mora active voyagors, when they emerged from the fish regions, sitting bolt upright upon a bench and fast asloop. There' was something riiinost painful about the bright-eyed wakefulness of those fish. Tho pike was iying watching the gudgeons, and tho gadgeons were wakcfully conscious of the pike. The perch and tho minnows were going through a performance of the same kind. Tho roach had quito a rim round his eyes from want of rest ; and ovon the zoophytes and sea- anemones were making short excursions at tho bottom, progressing by means of a kind of ambliug ruovoment, compounded of a paralytic hop and a kind of hopeless attempt to swim, ending in a drunken stagger and total collapso of tho entire animal into a mass of quivering jelly. , Tlio.aggravnfingly wakeful condition of tho inhabitants of' those deep waters, through which our hardy adventurers wore now wading, seemed to ltuvo upon these tliree travellers an effect .somewhat . the , reverse of what might biavo boon oxpccted. Far from being refreshed by their bath, or stiriiulatod to wakefulness by tlic.examplc of theso lively aninwis, .our three friends appeared to be suffering undor a perfect agony of fatigue and drowsiness, insomuch that they would cling to such under-water plants and other moans of - sup port as camo in tlioir way, with - a drowning man's grasp ; would oeonsionnlly stagger against each otlior ; would fali-iiita-paroxysins of yawning, and would listoii to all statements coacci-ning tl;o habits of the race they were among,., -with a- flxod stare, indicative of hatred towards a tribe concerning, which so much useful information was obtainable. They all foil foul, however, of No. 4 when they, emerged from the bottorii of tlio sea, and said that he ought to bo ashamed of tlio want of interest ho was showing in tho whole affair. . It, was refreshing, after the dotestablo wake fulness of tlio fish, to find in' tbo monkey country,, which lay noxt in tlio route of our travellers, that tlio inhabitants were uu orderly and-.wcU conducted race, und were biking their rest , in a natural, way, at a natural time. Nervous, too, iu . the . dark, - and . glad to sit very near, each , other ' on their perches. There was one .tree, which our voyagers passed by on whioh moro than "a dozen" pf theso right minded animals were sitting in a, rqyr,' pnokod together like larks on a spit, and ris tight as' figs in a drum, the two' outermost ' being evidently selected for their courage, and neither of them appoaririg to appreciate the distinction at all, while, farther onj a certain old monkey, shut out from" this group, and sent to Coventry by his own species, had got hold of a great domostic oat, and was sitting close beside it, tho pair being evidontiy bound to each otlier by a firm, .arid well-grounded friendship.- .. ; ; , " You don't happen to liavo lost such a thing" as ri fiugcr ? " i said a certain boy in tlio employment oi tlio Zoological Society, arriving at the liouso of . a gentleman to .whom ho liad bean, sent to inako tho -above remarkable in- -quiry. . ... ; . . . . , Tlio gontlomaq's hand was, bound up, and ho mado answer .to, the, boy : ., 1 . , j - " " Yes, I havoj and you may go back to your master and tell him. that if 'ho lias found it ho may put it in spirits, arid keep it as a warning to otliors riot to act so' foolishly 'as I havo I had ohsorved the gentleman of ton. enough," said tho,', superintendent," describing tlio circumstance to the four travellers wiio had. placed themselves under' his' guidance. ,"'1. had observed him, and lmd often, .warned liirii that to play with tlio boars, as-ho was ; in the habit of doing when ho cniuo hero,' wbb very dsngorous.; for ho would put his hand into tlio cage and tenso them and play with them as if thoy were torn. cats. " One day I came to the cago her?, and saw lying just outside it, a human finger, witli the tendon hanging to. it iu a .long, strip. ' It's that gontloman's finger,'. I said, .' and, lio's gono away without saying .anything,,', for lie used always to mako- light of my warnings, and would tell me that He know all . About it, arid was not afraid a bit.' , And tbo finger was iiie; sure onough." This curious case was uot an isolated one.' On another occasion, A finger,' with tlio stretched tendon hanging to it in the same -way, was found outside tlio den of the wolves. People will havo tlio temerity to run these foolish risks, ond .then' go away, ashamed, ovon in tho midst of their pain; to own what their rashness has- ended in. , . The four gontlemon, whoso progress we have been following nil this, time, had moved so quiotly about, and liad excited so Tittle dis turbance among tho animals, whoso lairs thoy had passed, that, as far as. might bo augured from the deop silence .reigning over the region inhabited by tho great carnivore, their presence and near approAoli was not giicssod at by those grand and terrible -animals. The dens which the Hons and tigers inhabits havo outside tlierii, at a distance of tlireo or ' four feet, groat heavy blinds, whioh are drawn down at night, and so a narrow passage is formed between the Borcen und the bars. of the den- itself: a passago nocossiblo only by a looked gato at one ond of it. . A dead silcnco reigned over all this region as - tho superiritendent, closely -fol lowed by. the rest of tho : party, Approached this , gate, and even, alitor tuo, toy liad been introduced into the look ; per- , haps the animals were listening , now,' And scarcely breathed in order that. they, might hear tlio bettor,' brit no sooner was tlio gate thrown opon nnd tho gleam of tho lantern admittod into the inrrow postage in front of the dens, than a yell broke, forth of mingled fear and rage, which was tlio most terrifio thing ovor heard by any member of tho little company. Still anxious to too more, tho four gentlemen nnd . their guides advanced a few paces into tiie passage. Thoro were two young lions in tbo cage nearest to tliem, and tho terror and fury of thoso creatures was really troineridoiis and awful to behold. Thoy sprang at the sides of tlio cago, tlioy flung themselves against its bars, they even seemed, iu tho obscure light, to fly at each other. Tboy shook the place with their roaring, nnd the bars quivered as thoy dashed against them. Tlio contagion, too, scorned to havo extendod with tbo lamp's rays farther on, and in an instant tha wliolo of those dons wore vibrating with similar soundB. Tigers, leopards, pan thers, burst altogether into one hideous un bearable ycli, till the noise of this and of tlio shock of weighty bodies crashing against tho bars was of bo deafening a sort, Ihnt it was hardly possibio to hear the voico of tlio guide when ho gave tho word to those about him that tlioy must lcavo the plnco nt onco, or the creatures might knock themselves to pieces. And so tlio cry of " Sauvo qui pcut !" went forth, and in. another moment tho narrow passago before tho dons was left onco more in darkness, but not in Bilenco:. tbo terror nnd fury of those disturbed wild beasts being slow to subside, nnd breaking forth from timo to timo during tlio night. Tliis was tho cry of terror spoken of in tho introductory portion of this small nnrrntivo which frighted tlio Regent's Pork " from its propriety." But for that speedy retreat from before tbo lions' don there is no telling what injury tlio terrified nnd enraged creatures might have dono themselves. YVo know not what terror is, in thoso unreasoning natures ; lie who gave tho signal for (light, told his companions that there were some animals of tlio moro timid kinds who could hardly bo moved from one pluco to auother, so fearfully would tlioy maim themselves in their- mud struggles. The night wanderings of our littlo party were now nearly ovor. As they passed on, n startled deer would sometimes jump up from tho place where it lay, nnd, running to a distance, would tarn at bay to stare nt tlio unusual apparition. Or,- perhaps in eome shady enclosure tlio strange stripes of tlio zobra would show for a momoiit as tlio light of tho lantern glanced that way,, or tlin wliito forms of a group of pelicans would dimly appear in ghostly stillness by the water-side. All, to the lost moment — and far more so than in tlio daytime, when visitors destroy tlio illusion — spoke of distant lands and regions far removed from civilisation ; and it was almost a shock, bo great and violent was the contrast, when at last tlio four travel- lore found themselves taking leave of their guide (with many expressions of their obliga tion to liim), not at tlio door of a wigwam, or the entrance of a tent, but outside his riwn pretty little homo — in tho Regont's.Purk. - " w - 