SOUTH A US7R.ILA.4 'Vitt: (JRIAT BuuTIii 3M ETLrNa·O. 'Lii muuriting bald at %Viizto'a tiooiii, 00 Mlonday nighlt, wa, in several reepWCt' l ti u.iub')t retnatkabuls witLing we ever stteu&do; in t e colony. TTie great ioowih SrzrAlATION LEAoUE.--Tlc hour of mte'et ing of the Commn!ttee of the League is altered from seven o'clock to hill-plnet Seven, 1p.I1. The Coniittee will mtleet n insjinl this even ing, (Wednesday) lt haulf-pat ieven, p.m. 'flt1E 1IATeIIIAL MIND An3UIHDITY. ..Our coutemnpo:ary still persists in his asserlion thar mind is matter. If he must needls publish his foulish desire for a public disciusica, he might in candour have pub. lished the ilote ill reply. The finc is that st evely fesh atitempt to a:gui the ques. tier, lii really shoc s mole and more his utter incapacity to cornmprehend the v,.ry terms of the controversy. . \Ve showed belore bow his argument was really an attempt to prove that tinti is not mind. We have in his last another absurd nitemlpt, to prove that matter is not matter. For to our lefleriece to that essentiial Iio perry that no two Iarticles of maitter c:an occulpy the same spaceC at tl.u iame tillje be instancts ia Iixttulre of salt anid watei as nli example of different particle's of matter occupt ,i?g the. saite spaco at the same time !!! 11 we are at liberty in an ur)gumreit of this kit if, to deny moinl its essential pioperties, or to deny mattl its essential properties, we might then prove anytbing we like abloat mind or matter. But the only an~wer to such a style of r, asonirg is to ploint out the false CssuaSill tion att tl e basid of tit argumelnt. 1 f tl i is not alppiehetde-d when pointed out, it viouhl be' as futile to argue further in the muutier is to uatemuiit to teach a person roatbemuaics who cannot nilertaudi the axioms, or to argeni .etllphpifi with a child. We have had no intention of going further than merely ppminting out the lottenihess of the loundanuon of our Iesoatel's argnuielt, which an intellig. nt eye 'w, ht discern tit t glance. It is none of iut biiiiness to instruect our contem porary in metaphysics. If when his inind is duecred to the fallacy of ti e assumuptiot at the basis of his argument ; or when it is shewn how le is deceiving himself by the use of ambiguotus phiases, us for in stance in such terllms as "occupying space," " having locality," " being soume. wh.iut or something "-lte ms which when apphed to matter mean one thing, but wl en appllied to mind, mean another thing;-if we say when this is pointed out and lie yet does not apprehend this f;llury of ambiguous tee ms running through his argument, we can only refer heim to the A I3 C of mienal philosoplhy. OlITuA?. or EMINENT PEIRSONS. - \We are csorry to record the luiss of our unenviable Illow-tononslta:, who has liir solei time since lost his mirnd, ' nmterial,' ald nater iality ; but not his infidelity. \Ve understnand that his diseaus aas slihat ph13sicians call a gualloplrg colsilmpjtion, brought on fro,, taking too imaliy "nips" ot "naltive" ti.ununiacture, anrd fronl having beenr taken to his office on a Wihtcel-3urrow,-writiing leading articles derogatory, and hurtful to the teeling (it rievate and repectable l citizens, alnd from olp ing the- columans of his paltry "lRug" to every low correspondent who wisheld to vilily Li- neighbour. Poor fellow was considered a fit subj ect for tl.I Yarra Bend, but he aplpeared so harniless, that he gained the byisl puthy of tilt authorities, and was allowed to roam at large. During the last three umonths and tico days the at multoams were te;st incre tair g, and alas I that we. lhav to record it ihe gave up the ghost on last Monday, alter uanoth r spiteful ,ffusion ngaiinst his past bameltauctor. Sorme sen ull, ge that lie a us a dangerous lullaic. Like all the ' big lolks," it is supposed he g ill bu interred ut the New Cetmetry, and the poor "rag" is he-t ullproechiing thie Double Corner, and will in future be editedl by Dlie:kie Carroll-it sole proprietor.-Corres pondent. 'I'a LATEx MURDnnR AT LIrrTLe CREEK. A.oTrt-ia ATuoCrlT.--\ riting one the 3rd inst. froim Merrisa a correspondent ol the Aye, syai :-i"l am sorry to inform you that the black fellow, Ilurry, who meurdnred MDrs. Mills, of Little Creek, between Hull's Creek and the town, is still at large, aud there is good reason fur supposing that it is lie who cormmitted an outraug upon a young female, named Wiillinm, at two o'clock last Thursday afternoon, at or near the loot of thle al'Donald G i, of the Liverpool Iaunge, on the north side, onl) about twenty-eight or thirty miles from the scene of tie horrid butcheries of Mill's tamily. The poor girl is only about filteen years of age.. Ilhr miother's second husband is tranled alur ruey, aitd lie is a lel?epherd in thle eii ploy either of Mr. \'ceavcr or Mr. Blaxuland. Last r'lhureday die was senit bey her etepllather to look ufter his flock or sheep for the after noon, chile lie stayed at Iholee. 'lThe black fellow c-reing the. fpoor girl alone, rushed upon hil r, and comlmitted the caliltl offelnce. As soon as t=he e.scaped from the grasp of the foul fiend, she run home to her nmother, leav ing th: flock iin the bush, and related to her the shocking tidings, which the ouflicted parent found to be, but too true. M urray wenut out to the bush, and remuined there with the shfetp ; aud it was only lust night that the fIct was releorted to tihu authorities. Eurly this mrorning, Mr. J. B. ecttington, J.aP. with a ilumiter ct his men, Mr. WVhite, of the Fitzroy llotcl, and the constables I'otts and Munro, startued iu pursuit oi thif miicreal, whose liti is a lollution to the earth. 