CATHOLIC UNI VEUSIIT. The quiet steady work of thin institution in tbe diffusion of knowledge, and the fixing a high Standard of Catholic education, while it has earned' the gratitude of the country, is beginning to he -duly appreciated abroad. Much of its benefit* are of a sort that can scarcely be fully understood away from home. Such for instance as the evening classes opened for those students, who Atixintia tor self improvement, but deprived of leisure or means to obtain university training (on the ordinarv terms, are enabled at a trifling expenditure of money and time to place them selves on a footing of equality with the best. But it has already achieved much in the higher walk, of sciences, literature, and theology. Its '??^?achiHVtnents in some branches would not dis credit those of medieval foundation, and enriched with the traditions of centuries. In the con tinentxl universities we find an anxiaty to re -v cognize tht;ir latest bom sifter, to applaud its ^efforts, to sympathize with its struggles, and to -'? honor those who are devoting themselves heart and soul to promoting its efficiency; A remark ? »Vila and verv gratifying instance of this de ; position was afforded.' at the last exhibition of |) the famous University of Louvain, when the theses attracted to that great seat of learning a and pie;y several of the most distinguished tavans and theologians of Europe Amongst theoi we were delighted to see that Monsignor : Woodlock, the President of the Catholic Uni Tersity, occupied a prominent position. On that ' occisio.1 tbe Reverend President was in a special 1 degree honoured by the conferring of the degree #f Doctor of Theology and the Canon Law. From the description of the brilliant scene in the Journal de Bruxel es we extract the follow . ? ing :— ? 1 'The plaudits were redoubled when Monseig * neurde Ram was heard, after felicitating the ' j-ew doctor, to confer the title of Doctor in v Theology and in Canon Law— honoris causa — on c MdiiHignor Woodlock, Sector Magnificus, who was present at the ceremony. The Hector ex \- ' pressed his ardent wishes toi the prosperity of ,' the establishment, which has been founded by , the Irish episcopacy after the example of the c Belgian episcopacy. The distinction conferred upon Monsignore Woodlock is a solemn testi mony of the close affection that unites the ' University of Louvain to its Irish sister. One last ceremony remained, the customary visit to the Cniirch of St.P-'ter. The procession was again formed, the band at the head. Tne ' Doctor walked between His E ninenue the ?- Cardinal Archbishop and Mgr. de Ham; the R ctor of the University of Dubl;n. wearing his ?: violet robe, M»»r. Aercs, Canon of the Metrnpoli ,, tan Church of Maltnes. and M. Van Kernel, viear general of the ar-hdiucuse.' After the close of the ceremonies at the Church of St. Puter, a splendid banquet assembled, at the College of the Holy Ghost, the principal petsonnges concerned. Amongst the tonsts on the occasion that of the Rector of the Catholic University held distinguished place, and was given and received with the utmost-enthusiasm. It was proposed with great eloquence by Mousignore Ram, and afforded an opportunity for the display 'f the intense feeling of affection m-!»L ?-? l.S/iU »u-- ThijU ivnaf if iitiAn ia **orra rnufi Hit Wills T» HIVJIJ vlJO II 1^1* Ilinilvinn'ti «.« ? u^taa v*w*- «jj tho^e who owe devotion to the more ancient one ofLmivain. If is scarcely necessary for us to add, that the University thus complimented was ' no less honoured in the learning, the talents and. the reputation of the distinguished ecclesi ? astic by whom it was represented. i At this moment 'when the Catholic university, if in some degree successful, has yet difficulti-a and dangers to overcome, this cordial reunion witli one of long standing and more fa voted circumstances is peculiarly gratifying. It cannot but rejoice the Irish people to whose piety this noble institution owes iu existence, and it cannot fail to act with cheering and ?ncoiiragiiijj influence on those upon whose efforts its ultimate success must depend. — Cork Examiner. 