WE have long been prepared for any fantastic evolutions on the part of tbe Mercury. We al! 3:notv that it js daylight when we see tbe sun shining. But on Saturday, in its summary for Bogland, that moral and eousistmt print lias most assuredly outstripped all its former agonising attempts to procure notoriety. \ We scarcely know how to reply to its article or which to admire inopt,—its absurd rsnity, its ridiculous prctensioD, its vain glorious assumption of superiority, or its downright, untratbfuluess. From first lo last it is but a comical lie,—a sort of photographic representation of the torments wiiicii vain men have to submit to when their vanity is wounded. If we were to attempt to reply to the unwarraotaUe andaowardly attack on Sir Henry and Lady YOUNQ wc should only be laughed at. Wbo could write seriously in refutation of such exoorable trash as this ?—" Men of " the highest laorih in Tasmania, of the " most honorable charactert and (most " honorable) social standing, have, with •' their families, been regularly exc.'udcd " from G-overnment House, and [have] " been made, to that extent, a pro- "(Oribcd class'*—moaning, according to the customary acceptation of tbe word " proscribed," a " class doomed lo death." A greater or more wilful lie .than this was never told. But, in the midst of all tbe gloomy tidings we are compelled day after day to chronicle, it may not be amiss to furnish our readers for once with something at which they can smile, and tbe Mercury bas 'furnished tbe material. Truths arc often written and spoken by men whose history and lives give tbe lie to tbe truths they utter. But tbe following is not truth. If we could only disassociate the sentimeats from the individuals who stand sponsors for them we should be angry- It is the impossibility of doing this that makes those scntimonts silly. If a monkey, or a dog, or any other animal, were to assume the right of dictating to reasonable beings what was or was not the etiauettfl nf a Court we should beat it. We have ourselves known cases of men, not in this colony as a matter of oourse, wbo have been publicly advertised as swindlers and wbo have yet been subsequently engaged fo write and preach morality to a whole community. Suppose such a degraded individual were to write anything after this fashion,— what would our readers t.bink of him ?— " Englishmen little know bow mis- " chievously a system of this kind" [the system of excluding doubtful cbaractcrs from G-overnment House] " operates in a; " Colony where t'ne last thing that onght " to bo attempted, the first thing that "ought to be eschewed, >B tho creation " of an artificial and upstart society ; no " doubt it is ugrccable to human weakness to be surrounded by a set of " toadies, who ape tho manners of " Courts, and [who are] obsequious in " the vice regal presence, [and who] " give themselves [in consequence] exclusive airs out of it." We wish to heaven our contemporary would tell us wbat bo means iu decent KugliBh, point bis sentences propeily, and not compel us to msk-; these continual interpellations! Hut now comes tho cream of this quotation. The deep and intense feeliug that prompted the following exclamation will awaken univer. sal sympathy:—"But GOD help us! " Wbat are we all here ?" If GOD does not help us we have but a sorry look out! " Who is tbe daintiest dandy that walks the pavement with mincing "steps and sheds his perfume about "him or the proudest belle at the Birth " Day ball?" The last question, we oonfess, is a somewhat difficult one to answer. They arc all beautiful and, alas! all proud. The writer of this whimsical nonscDse knows, perhaps, better than we do how easily the first question could be answered. But let us procccd :—" We are all parvenu " here." Are wo indeed ? If we are, wbo is it that tells us EO ? There are thousands in Tasmania wbo have lived here for very many years, wbo are universally esteemed, and who hav2 families born here, and yet they are designated by this exalted critio and moralist— " all ncto men." The next sentence in our contemporary's article, however, is gospel truth even if the devil himself ipoke it. We give it in the quaint ungrammatijal way io which the Mercury of late has loved to revel:—" Some " of us have little to boast of and some "us JJOHC," Shades of Lindlay Mua- IUY, and of COBDEN, and of everybody else who ever bad any respect for tbe English language, did you ever read the like of that ? But let us proceed :— " and many of as [have] the least to " boast of wbo boast tbo most." If that is Dot a biting saroasm we never beard one. How came tho Mercury to allow it to be printed ? If wc had written such a sentence we should have been oalled uncharitable. Talk of self-condemnation! "And, are we to endure "the absurd experiment of creating "a beau monde, an aristooratio circle "revolving about tb» Governor M tbv fashionable luminary ? This is wbat "has been attempted under the present "regime, with what resuit tbose who "understand tbe general tone of our " society can best tell." Immediately after this it is aet down that the best thing we can eay of ourselves, or that others can eay of us, is that" we are all adventurers." Is one sense this U true Every man is ait adventurer who strives to get on in life,—-always, of course, excepting our contemporary and hisamanuensis. It was William Charles WENTWORTTE, we believe, who, soma years ago, proposed tbe formation of a titled arietooracy in New South Wales, and tbose who oppoped it most then were men who well knew that, from tbeir subordinate position in life, they had not tbe ghost ofs chance of being allowed to enter the privileged circle. We have men of the same stamp hers. There are men of the same stamp all over tbe world and there must be so long as a feeling of envy exists in tbe human breast- If all rank, all education, all moral worth, are to be immolated and men possessing these advantages are to be brought down to the level of tbose wbo have by their ingenuity, acquired wealth, then, of oourse, there is au eud of the argument. But this never has been the case and we trust it never will be the case. In England there are and always have been four dislinot classes of society,—the nobility tbo higher classes, the middle classes, and the lower classes. And yet no oue ever heard of the one presuming to jntrude on tbe privileges of the other. There are always circum- stances necurring which raises one man to a position higher than that in which he was bom,—superior intellect, and superior morel worth are instances. In such cases seciety acknowledges tbe justice of the claim aud pays to mental and moral power tbe tribute which is their due. But these are exceptionable cases. After all tbe most powerful class ia England is the middle class, and the same will be eventually tbe case in these Colonies. Bat to suppose fnr an instant that Sir Henry and Lady YOUNG will throw down the- barriers,—will level all distinctions of rank, education, and moral worth, would be to suppose what we hope aud_«ie_cinvioced will never take place Sir Henry and Lady YooNO have been nccuBed indirectly of having " put the eoetal ban upon all that " is respectable and worthy in tbe com- " munity." As tbcro is only one man in tbis community who, ID tbe estimation of tbe Mercury, is " respectable "and worthy" tbe inference is plain. Our contemporary goes on to say:— "That Sir nenry YOUNG has been " striving to render himself the centre "of nset or clique is a fact "greatly complained of." And now, gentle reader, if you wish lo read a sample of colonial sentiments, expressed in colonial English, here you have it: —" His Excellency is both bound by "tbo more patert proprieties,"—more patent proprieties! " The tevil and bis "tam! what phrase is tbis ? _Why, it " is affectation,"—" of bis position and " naturally disposed, we bavo no doubt, to pay due courtesy to the more pro- " tninnnt of the citizens of Tasmania " whom" (poor Lindlay MUBIUY !) " from their conspicuous place in society "it would be too marked a thing to " pass over. As a matter of course Go- " vcrnment House is open to many wbo " honor it by their presence more than " they are honored by beiDg invited to ' it." Wbat a beautiful compliment to Colonial Governors! How blind these unhappy creatures must bo to tbeir own interests! Had Sir Henry and Lady YOUNG invited our great contemporary how highly would they have exalted tbeir horn! But, alas for Tasmania! tbeso things were not permitted We are destined to droop and die, morally and socially, because the GovEttNOE does not know his own interest. It was our intention to have 6aid a few words upon the unmanly attack made btr the Mercury on Lady You NO, —a lady whose name ought never to have been dragged into matters political. But we felt that we could not do this without insulting her. Censure from some people is coinmeudation; and never did Iter LAnysniP receive higher praise, recollecting from whence it erninated, than that contained in tbe article upon which we have been commenting. Lady YOUNG requires nothing but hor own actions to defend her. It would be a piece of impertinence on our part wcro wc to assume that tbose actions were not of themselves more than enough to vicdicate her character from any charges coming from—Wo have never seen a higher compliment paid to Her LADYSHIP than that contained in the leading article in tbe lost Summary for England published by the Mercury: " Bhe who disputes, " Admits it possible she might be guilty." 