VIII.-RELIGIOUS INTELLIGENCE. THE DIOCESAN SYNOD. The 7th annual session of the Diocesan Synod commenced on Monday, May 6th At 3 o'clock the members assembled at Trinity Church, when evening prayer was read by the Lord Bishop, assisted by the Dean and Canon Coombs Hie Lord Bishop then delivered his annual charge, which was as follows - "Rev and Dear Brethren- There are times when the restless activity of social life subsides into a momentary calm, and ttic body pohtio, like the human frame, derives tresli vigor Irom repose Chureh life al«o, the rehgioas ciu sciousness of associated bodies, is subject to the like changes, at one time, perhaps, struggling with difficulty or imperilled by Uivisiors, at another, relieved from outward pressure and inward dissension, it enioys the blessing of peace, and feels ' how good and pleasant it is for brethren to dwell together u unity* lake the dew of 11 er mon descending upon the mountains of Sion, tint gra'e brings with ita blessing from the Lord " 'such a se ison ot refreshment, much needed and much longed for, was through the mercy of God brought to us by Hip visitation of our much-esteemed Metropolitan, the Lord Bishop ol ¡bvdney who, accoinpan.ed by a ' futhf iii brother in the Gos¡ el,' < lnef Pastor of the Diocese of Melbourne, Rive us the comfort of his presence and the benefit of his e hearts were then softened, many consciences then touched, many sympathies then drawn out, many aspirations after a higher divine life then felt-a winning grace thrown over the obligations of evangelical religion deeply, and, we trust, permanently, influenced many souls. "While, however, on the one hand, we derived much benefit from the meekness of wisdom which characterized the de- meanour and ministrations of both those chosen brethren, so, on the other hand, they drew no little encouragement from beholding our order, and the progress made under ad- verse circumstances in supplying the means of Grace and the ministry uf the Word. Would that ths zeal then evinced to hear that Word from their lips could be taken hs the measure of men's love for the godliness which it inculcates! 'An open door'was then, at least,'set before us:' and if we knew that ' our strength was little,' still, having . kept Christ's Word and not denied His Name,' we felt encouraged to . hold fast that which we had, that no man might take our Crown.' Among the other ecclesiastical mattara which won the approval of those prelates was the general consti- tution and working of our Synod. "True, it was the offspring of a voluntary 'compact,' liable to be spoken against and infringed even by the very individuals who had helped to frame it, consented to its pro- visions, acted again and again under them, solemnly ple- dged themselves to observe, and as far as in them lay to enforce, asa contract knowingly and willingly entered into by them- selves and others who had subscribed it. Unarmed with coercive power hy legislative enactment over its constituents, it is unfortunately exposed to such opposition. Yet, not- withstanding such opposition, it has, to a consHera'ole ex- tent, accomplished the purpose for which it was designed. "The clc-rgy and laity of the several congregations of the diocese have been drawn to one common centre, and have re- ceived the benefit of mutual counsel and encouragement. It would be strange, indeed, if the lay brethren, when invited to co-operate with tin Bishop and clergy in the administra- tion of ecclesiastical business, should decline to take part in deliberations for the common good; or in dispensing the common funds of the Church, or in proposing what might be advantageous, or in negativing what might be mischievous or unsafe. " So satisfied was the Synod last year of the beneficial working of those Synodal provisions under which we have now met for the seventh time, that a memorial was pre- pared to Her Gracious Majesty, petitioning her as Supremo Governor over the Church, to give permanence to the compact voluntarily adopted by binding my successors to observance of its provisions. The answer to that memorial, which Her Majesty was pleased 'very graciously' to receive, conveyed in a despatch from the Secretary of State for the Colonies, will be ;iaiJ before Synod, and demands the earliest as well as the most careful consideration. " It is indeed to be regretted that we should still be forced after so many years to discuss the best mode of Riving legal i effect to the rules of our Church affecting its ministers and members ; but in the absence of imperial or local legislation, the usual inconveniences attendant on volun- tary associations must needs be felt. I believe I only express the fervent aspiration of every intelligent member our Church, that the time may quickly arrive when the by-laws and rules of the Diocese being agreed on, the bishop and clergy may give themselves without such distrac- tion to the ministry of the Word and of prayer. Would that the day were at hand "when the churches had rest and were C'lified ; and walking in the fear of the Lord and in the com- fort of the Holy Ghost were multiplied.' I cannot, therefore, but regret that the spirit of harmony diffused by the presence of our Metropolitan, and the sanction given by him to our Diocesan Synod (in whose memorial to Her Majesty he took part, shou a nave been disturoea by any attempt to nullify its groceedings and to lo ver the position of our reformed ranch of the Catholic Church in this diocese from that of a ' Chureh' into a partnership, to be dissolved at any moment at the caprice of one alone of the parties At a 1 event* I have to congratulate Synod that we have received th" em- press sanction of Ker Majesty to the Constitution of our Synod, its provisions and regulations conveyed to us m the despatch to b_ laid before you ' In harmony with the desire for deop»r spiritual life, manifested during the visit of the Bishops a proposal for ' special services' and a week set apart for prayer was re- ceived by me and responded to by the parochial clergy The seasons observe I in our Church commemorative of the great events of our Lord's life adapt themselves with pecuh ir pro priety to such occasional religious exercises lhe Lpiph my, or Christ s manifestation to the Gentile«, was, therefore, happily selected for such continued and simultaneous devo- tional services " It was an inspiring thought how many thousands of Christian hearts were lifted up before the throne ol grace, supplicating for a fuller effusion of the Holy Spirit upon His people A unity of spirit was thus manifested and exercised which must needs precede any hope of closer ecclesiastical combination, but while evangelical communion whicii so np proximate as to unite in public prayer, in preaching the Word, and m breaking sacramental bread still deem it nec>s «ary to keep up their names of division and separate ecUeii astical organisations, it cannot reasonably be expected that our Reformed Church, with which ministers of tho»e com munions have expressed themselves unable to unite in con- sequence ol the presumed, though not admitted teaching of its officers, should nevertheless, on their lnvitatmi bj uniting with them m all and every act of worship, vntually abandon its own principles "Another occasion, however, for special observance is pre «ented to us in the melancholy visitation which in the Providence of GoJ, has lately fallen upon the northern provinces of India It is a sad tact that famine is desolating a wide spread district and affecting some millions ot our fellow-subjects The failure of our own harvests has re cently spread gloom and straightness among the tillers o'" our soil The usual missionary sermons for the heath"n were suspended in eonsequence Should not the return of abundance call for thanksgiving oflenngs3 and what more suitable object can b3 found than stan ing heathen fellow subjects, who will thus receive a convincing prool th it the religion of Christ returns pond lor evil, and visits the father le»s and widows in their allltction I trust tint the clei^y will accede to my wish anl deem it prac'icable to pre ich on Whitsunday next or Trinity Sunday sermons on behalf ol the miserable population of the north-west provinces of India and make collections foi their relief ' It was remarked in some of the social schoolroom meet ings for prayer during the Lpiphanv week that so ne of tho laj brethren joined effectively in giving a w or lof exhnr tation and prayer A stn cr Mai system, more rigid than ludaism may condemn such mimstritions as intrusive but certain it is that our Church Ins sanctioned, in defiult o a «eparited ministry, lay p-eaclung and lay readers, acting under licence from the Bishop anl conforming to cert nu regulations It is difficult indeed, to believe that such an exercise of appropropnate gifts decently and in order to the use ot edifying is at variance with the principles of oui religion, and a worship, not of foims and oidinances-not confined to time or place, but of spnit and of truth " Indeed, the whole question of lay agency m div me wor ship foices itself at this time more partie il irly on the attcn tion of our Chuich In older Soc etics, where provision is made for rearing and maintaining a well qualified clergy sueh a question might be out of p'ace There a regul ir ministij can wait at the altar and in pistor"! witehf dness go 11 and out diy by day among the people But in i young colony where only 120 doo soul» are spread over an area c maidei ably larger than ¿.noland dm led in religious senti nent as ni blood or country of their I irtli it is seat eely to be expected that a suflicient number of compe ent ministers c n be m nut lined b/ the vo'untary contributions of the people without a trancous ail Hie Church necessarily becomes missionary Hie paroch al system is inapplicable to a great degiee ' But even m missionary districts of 1 rge extent embrac rag different townships and congregations it has been found excee hngly difficult to r use even the minimum ol stipend required for unmarried clergy Meanwhile it is impo«sibli for the cleigymm peisonilly to minist r every Sabbath in several Churches many miles apart Hie orlerol Sabbath worship is consequently interrupted the worshippers ieel unsatisfied, they see the Church which they hive cc ntl i buted to build close it« doors upon thfin they feel a rehgiou« want which is not met Here then at once arises the iicci' of lay assistance, l#r if one minister can scarcely be mam tamed, it is useless to think of a secon 1 If however, in the absence of the missionary some layman recommended l y him and duly licensed by the Bishop, coul 1 conduct the service, reading the liturgy and such sermons as vv ere fir>-t approved by the missionary the congregation would be held together, the Sunday school kept open and the Sabbath Day sanctified to a holy rest " One thing however, is needful consistent Christian gravity in the person who undertakes this office 1 he dvv c1 ling on the spot respected by his neighbours having pro bably a family or household to bring up m the nurture of th" Lord he will ieel it a privilege to aid his ministei in carrying on the service of the sanctuary and influencing the neigh bours to keep holy the Sabbath Day Furthe-more the acknowledge 1 lawfulness of using sepa rate the "Morning Prayer Litany and Communion Office each complete ni itself though combined m t' e usual Morning bei vice of the Lord s Day, seems to provide for different congregations a varied service, neither jading to the minister nor formal to the worshipper Hie Liturgy, indeed, of oui Church will never want power to elevate as well as sober devotion, when read m the spirit of prayer, and used in its integrity, except in case of actual necessity Its force indeed consists m this that it is scriptural both in the letter and in the spirit as such it is un invaluable guide and standard of spiritual truth and feeling more especiilly when in the ibsenc of an ordained ministry the worship is conducted by a lay reader ' I have thus suggested what appears to me under present cir umstances an available means whereby the ministr itions of our Church may in some vv iy reach the scattered mern bers of our Church Io multiply ministers without adequate means of support is only to discredit religion by lowering the standard of the ministry for a poorly paid ministry becomes in the long run a poorly qualified ministry It is in vain to hope that accomphsed ministers will select to serve in this colony when by crossing the border of Vic toria they may ameliorate their condition and avoid what is most harassing to a sensitive mind-the constant uncer tainty of at best a scanty income Looking, as I must needs do, to the future supply of clergy I trust this may be amended, if our clergy are to maintain a high position in reference to the general body of Protestant ministers , or te receive fresh accessions to its number from the Church and Universities at home "One other topic, which during the past year has been the subject of much discussion, remains to be noticed ; it is that of Scriptural education in our national schools As the authoritative standard of moral and spiritual truth no moral discipline can be properly carried on by any single teacher in any single school without reference to the command- ments of God, and the example of the Great Teacher him- self How otherwise children are to be restrained from wickedness, blasphemy, malice, hatred, and all uncharit- ableness, the opponents of Bible reading in our schools have not condescended to point out "Will children mind their master when he bids them not to lie, steal, cheat, hurt, or corrupt each other, if that master does not appear to mind God, being forbidden to use, read, or refer to God's word ' A generation so brought up in our schools, without the light ot God s truth may well become ' a generation of vipers ' The spectacle of a nation of professing Christians deliberately establishing an infidel system of national education is one which I trust we shall be spared in this hitherto evangelical community ' " The times themselves indeed, are redolent of strange audacity both of thought and action. Revealed religion has in my opinion nothing to fear from the progress of careful research into the kingdom of nature or the historical records of man. It has been said truly I think, that ' no truth in any department of knowledge can ever be in contradiction to any other truth and that in the long unlimited discussion is the fatal enemy of error -the most certain supporter of truth but then the stand point at least on which those lovers of truth who follow her at at all hazards must be free from suspicion. Hostile attack or insidious undermining be- comes doubly dangerous when directed by unfilial treachery It shakes faith in man, it outrages all moral confidence when with the ink of subscription to articles of belief scarcely dry with ordination vows still undulating on the eternal waves of sound, men hint their doubts of the inspired au thority of canonical Scripture, question both prophecy and miracle, and receive at the same time what may be called the wages of iniquity to teach that is God's truth which they themselves have already in their own minds suspected if not convicted of falsehood The lying chronology of Egyp tian priests has already been refuted by the royal records on inscribed stones at Karnack, the letter and the doctrine of the Christian Scriptures vindicated by newiy discovered manuscripts of the remotest antiquity "The coincidence of these literary treasures, beyond all question undesigned, because hidden for centuries in various quarters of the world suffices to assure us of the genuineness and authenticity of the sacred writings nor have we reason to fear that the facts of the Mosaic writings in their religious rather than scientific aspect will be found cunningly devised fables The Sacrament of the Holy Communnion was then ad- ministered to the Clergy and Synodsmen, neariy CO in num- ber, by the Lord Bishop, assisted by the Dean. The Benediction was then pronounced, and the Synod adjourned till fi o'clock, when the members reassembled at the Church office, White's Rooms, the Lord Bishop in the chair. The President opened the proceedings with prayer. A letter was read from the Synodsmeii of Trinity, resign injr their seats on the ground that they had not been elected by the body of the congregation. On the motion of Mr. A. Blyth, seconded by the Rev. Canon Russell, a Committee was appointed to consider the subject of the letter and any other doubtful returns ; and the following gentlemen were elected by ballot :-Kev. Canon Russell, and Messrs. A. Blyth, L. W. Thrupp, G. W. Hawkes, and N. Oldham. The Secretary read a return of the attendance of the members of the Standing Committee during the past year. The next business was the election qf the Standing Com- mittee, two Treasurers, and two Auditors for the ensuin* year. The folfowing was the result of the ballot:-Clergy" Very Rev. Dean Farrell, Ven. Archdeacon Woodcock, lie va" Canon Russell, Canon Marryat, D. J. H. Itbetson, R. w Needham, Canon Farr ; Synodsmen : Messrs. N. Oldham' JJ. Gilbert, E, \y. Wickes, li. Gawler, L, G. felhaia, N* Blyth W T I iillirton, O K Richirilorn V Myth L U Hirupp I Wicksteed Pitt Cobb tt G W Ii iwkes and Sir Charles Cooper Treasurers Messrs Oldham and Gawler. Auditors Messrs Thrupp and Wicksteed It wis resolved that the Standing Orders follow¿d last session be iloptcd this session the Pnrsini-Nr real the draft ol anew Standing Order, which he said he should bring forward subsequently as a motion for preventing the introluction or discussion of motions on sujects not connects with the proper bu mess of the ^ynod Canon "MvitniATT Urn moved anl Cinon Coomrs, seconde I 1 hat the Syn > 1 dunn» the session meet on lueiday Wednesdiy Thurs lay in I Tri lay it li o clock A Ii ng dis ussion ens led on this -notion md various mien lments to it anl at lenglhit was resoh e I that the feynol on i s riding aijiuni till thr> folio ving day it 11 o clock in 1 that afteriv iris ï o doe«, be the hour ol meet- ing Hie d»ys of meeting were agreed to without di CUaSIOn The R»v Canon Mirryat and Mr N Oldham were ap pointed hon secretaries to act with the Secretary during the session XOTICFS OF MOTION The folio ving notices of motun were th°n given after which the Syn 11 was adjourned 1 By the 1 ishop- I give noll ethat at li o clock to momw I will c ill the attention ol (he Synod in a Comnut t-c ol the whole Hoii-1 to the despatch of the Se rotary of Stitc foi the Cilouei communieite I throigh Hu r\\.c ltncy the Govcino- in Chief, ni to as\\. the advice of tho Syiu d theKon 2 Ly th«, uishop-' A\ hencver a notice of motion is given which in the opin on of any member of Synod is icpu^nant to the preamble or the deel ration on which the consensual compact ( f t ic Syn «1 is fournie 1 it shall if mi when brought under the no'id, of Sy io I be taken to be a question of oi 1er ml on the moimi oi tny mmber le dealt with a cordmgly iii it is to sa/ al oth rdi c issnn sh ill hi sus pend d until «uc'i motion sha'l have b en disposed of 3 By Mr Ihripp 1 hat the steps tikcn by the Standing Committee, m pursuaac» of the uso! ition of Synol rassed on 9 li Miy I860 directing *he Co iiiiuttie to p op »se to dis tri b i te a shnr» statement oi upo-t of the prorc lilias of Synod and i> ogress ol the Chur Ii i f I n^lan 1 in S j Uli Ans tiaha are unsitisf ictory an înot calcul ited to obtain the ob- ject of tint resolution 4 By Mr Thrupp - 1 nt the Standing Committee in con sid nug questions anl intert um i^ mitters not assigned to it by the Syno i Ii is icted contrarv to the Oth 1 undamcntal provision This Svno I will fhercloie ii trtcognise anything so irregularly done or anv résolu um as irrc¿ ilarly passed by the Standing Committee 5\. By Mr Thrupp -1 íat ho will ask the lord Bislnp vvha« s íccess th Church 1 ndoivmeiit Society has had an J what is consi lered to be its future prospects r I.y Mr G II lur Hut no mcmbir of Synol vvli ther clerical or lay -duli h vc tha piwer toenter or read anv p otest as each member has tlie p»wer of recording his opinions by his vote \- Ly "Mr Nee Hum That in he i of Hie classification of elerie ii in ornes in acci-daii"c willi wluci the stip-md« of the clergy have bren hitherto siipph mente 1 all churches in connection wit i Synod shill frnn this fine be placed in one eli s with a uniform minimum inome of li / or ot 2 Ol with a pirs">iu:»c lint the con lition requiring a stipend fun 1 or special payment from tue congregation ot equal iniount with the s i n voted by Syno I be still generally enforce 1 Jhatit ho vever the income of any church sh ill for two ycais last p ist luve fallen below '0 / oi tr0/, with a parsonage it shall be at the discretion of the St miling Committee oi due consi lerition of the ability of the co i grtgation a 11 the caus s of fe nonlulmciit of their e lgafte incnt to support th"ir minister, to waif the requirement of i stinend fund 8 By Mr T S Jackson- 'Tnat the I ord Bishop bores pectfully requestel to commend to the Chnstian onsidera ti m and liberality of members of the Church throughout the diocese the ca^e of those who aie suffering grievously fiom 1 miine in India i By Mr J A Boake - That I sjnll move at the earliest period tint that poition of the Bisnop s aldress relative to he weekly ollei tory be taken into consi leration 10 By Ali Russell- I hat from day to day the notices of motion be advertised m the daiK, paiera, as was the case last yeal TuLSDVY, Mai ï After prayer tho minutes of Monday were read and con firmed N )tices of motion were then received I he Bishop then moved the House into Committee, to consi 1er the motion st i ldmg in his name I give notice that af li o i lock to morrow I will call the at'cntion oi the Synod in a Committee of the whole Hou.se, to thedespitch of thf> -> Tctiry of Stale for the Colonie«, communieitcd through His L\\.celleii',y the Governor 111 Chief an I to ask the i lvice of the Synod thereon He w13 followed b\ tie Rev Canon Mairyat Mr A Bl/th the Dnau the A enerible the Arch leacon Air Thrnpp, L v A It Russell Rev G II 1 arr Air Lowe Rev J & Ja »son Air Bull, Di Lo vis, Mr Wright, the A enerable the Archleicon Hi» I ord Lisiiop replied It was mo\ ed by the Arciide vcov and seconded - Ihit a Speci ii Committee be ¡"ppomted to consider the despatch of th« Secretary of Stute for the Colonies commu- nicated through His hxcellency the Gov rnor and laid by Hu 1 ordslnp bcrore tim House a id to recim neild to Synod the best mode oi «ecu ing the object in view I he Dr vs moved lint th» debate on the letter of the Duke of Newcastle be adjourned to 5 o clock tins even nu Seconded by R°v I S J yckson lhe amendment vva3 lost 1 he ni ihm ii motion vas carrind Hie Hou e resume 1 1 he Yrchdfaco's moved That the Special Committee )».* now appointed Rev R W Nifdii vat «dconlcd Rev T S Jackson move J and lîev A R RussrLL «ceo ide 1 1 hat the Committee aforesaid be lallotted for this ev nmg it r o clock The imendment w is c irried 1 he Di vn moved 1 h it the House do now adjourn to 5 > clock Air Hfvislev seconded lins was cune I House resumed business at 5 o clock The Bishop brought forward the following motion to be adi'c 1 to the Standing Orders - AA henevei a notice of motion is given which in the opinión of my me nber of Synod is repugnmt to the pie nable or the deel iration on which tin consensual compact >f the >y no1 is feunded it shall ii and vv hen brought under tue notic ol Syi od b» taken to be a q lestion of order and, on the motiu i of my mcmbei be de lit with ac ordingly tint is to s iy ill other discussion shall be suspended until s ich motion shall have been r'isposed of Hie speikers on the motion were the Archdeacon, mr Blyth Hie D in Rev A .£ Russell Rev G II Farr Rev It \\\ >cc lb un R v C Mirryat Air Learn propose 1 to le ive out all the words after the words it «li ill anl to ins" t- it »hall when the «aid motion conies on tor con iteration be competent to any member to move as . punt of order tli it the motion is so epugnant in 1 all oth r d scuision shall be suspended until u h uoi. on slnll hive Le ii disposed of lins wis seconlc 1 by Rev G H h vur Hie original motion and amendment were subsequently withlrawn Air liiRUii propose 1 the following resolution - lhat the steps taken by the Standing Committee in p irsuance ol the resolution of Synod passed on 9th May, isbu diiecting the Committee to propose to distnoute it short st dement or report oi the pi ocee lings of Synod and ol progre s of the Church ol Logland in South Australia, are unsatisfactory and not calculated to attain the objects Of th it resolution Rev R \A "Nftdiiwi seconded Debate suspended lor the eli ction of Special Committee to consider despatch of Duke of Ne vcastle Rev G II 1 irrand Air I iveash weie appointed scruti- neers who dec arel the Lord Lishop Sir C Cooper, Messrs V Blyth llirupp anl Low e duly elected Hie debate w is lesumed on Mr Thrupp s motion by the Kev A R R ssell Hie motion was c irried Air Iintuii t i^n brought forwir 1 the second resolution st miling in his name It was seconled by Air IlLvrn - 1 hat the ftt aiding Committee m consi lenng questions and entertaining matters not assi med to it by the ¡synod has acted contrary to the 9th I undaiucnlal Provision lins Synod will therefore not recognise anything so ii regularly done or my resolution as iricgulirlypas3ed by the »tan ling Committee Rev A R Rissell moved the previous question, which wis seconded by Mr Pi lu vvi Speakers-Rev R VV Needham the Dean the Arch- deacon Air I owe, Rev G H Jj arr Rev C Marryat Hie mover replied With leave of House the original motion and amendment were withdrawn Mr rmiui'i asked the Bishop the following question - A\ hat success the Cliureh I ndowment Society has had, and what is consid red to be its future prospects* 1 he lîisiior replie 1 that as Bishop, he had no information to give . Rev G ii Iarr moved - Inat no member ol Synod vvhetherclencal or lay, shall have the power to enter or read any protest us each member has the power ot recorhng his opinions by his vote At 1 isiiop s request the motion vv is postponed to lollovv the Standing Ordei to 1 e brought forward by the Bishop Rev Air Needhavi moved - Hi>t in lieu of the classification of clerical incomes in accor I mee with which the stipends of the cl°rgy have been hitherto supplemented all chui ches in connection with Synod shall from this tuno be placed in one class with a uniform minimum income of 3 of or .iO/,with a person ige lhat the condition req nring a stipend fund or special payment from the congregation of equal anio mt with the sum voted by Synod be stillgeneially cjforced That if, however, the income of any church shill for two years last past have fallen below 200/ or l"> I nth a parsonage it shall be at the discretion of the Standing Committee on due considc-a tion of the ability of the cougregatiou au 1 the c luses ol the nonfulment of their i ngjgement to support their minister, to vane the requiiement of a stipend lund Mr Poilitt seoand d Speikirs -Rev A K Russell the Dein Rev G II Farr, Air Blyth Rev J Pollitt lhe Lord Lishop the Arch- deacon Rev C Mairyat and Mr Thrupp Air N Bia th moved the following amendment - After the woi I Paisonage to add provided always such Church s be the sole charge of the clergym in and the clergynun b" in Presbyter s orders Churches not o situated to be classified in ac ordance with the s.urit of this resolu- tion Air I ULL vrtox seconded Tho mover replied, and with consent of House withdrew his motion Rev A. It Russfll moved anl Air N Oldiivm scconlel - lhat the - -"-ling Orlers be suspended to enable the Aichdeacon to give notice of a resolution respecting incomes of the clergy Hie Vuciide vcov gave notice thal a Speci ii Committee of lay men be appointed ti t ike into cou=i 1er ttion the subject of the incomes of the officiating clergy of the diocese with n view of iccoinmcnhng to Synod some improve 1 means o' developingthehbcrility of their respective congregations, and sime nure snfi^f ictory plan thin th it now in operation of affoiding aid vvheit needed from Church funds under control of Svnod Rov J S I VCKSON movel and the A enerible the Abch df vcoN seconded - I hat tilT Lord Bishop bo respectfully requested to com men I to the Christi m considération ant liberality of members of the Church throughout the diocese the case of those who ire suflering grievously Irom fimine in India ' ( irne 1 unanimously R v I V Lo VKL mov ed an 1 Rev C M vrrv vt secon led (,»j 1m mu) - lhat I hhall move at the earliest period th it that portion of the Bishops address relative to the weekly offertory be tikcninto consi lera! ion Kev \ R Kussei l moved and Ali i ull vrtox seconded the f How i g amendment - 1 hat with a view to expressing tho Synods approval tllf eof be a lilel Speke ti lhe Dean Ali Pelham and Air Lower 1 lie imenduiGiit vv is c irried j he Ke\ V. R Lus*i i l moved and the Archdeacon seton 'ed - Hut fiom diy to d lythe notices of motion be adver tisel in the dmy pipers as was the case last veir ' lins was carried With t ic pldilion ol the wor Is " if i eces sary Hie Bismi pronounce 1 the blessing and lb." meeting stood adjourned till We tuesday, at 5 o clock ATFD"NFsDV\, AIaa 8 1 he minutes ol the la«t meeting v ere toad and confirme 1 I i"ht notices of motion were then read ind given in (nil advertisement ) I he icport of die ' Dispute 1 I lection Committee was then lrought up by the Chin man Artlur Blyth Lsq Its consi 1 rition was deferred lo the ne\t meeting, by proper notice of motion A letter vv is read from Air Aithur Blyth resigning his appoint nent on iii Newcastle Despatch t ommittee," which was agree I io anl Air Neville Blyth who had been also elected thei eon agreed to supply thevicincy Rev C Al vhrv vt then moved au 1 Mr I AVrh ht socoii led the 1 )llowiii-i resolution - That the lord Lishop b requ"Sted not to liecnsc a clergyman to any incumbeney b lore the members of the congregation shall (1) have M.mi 1 i form ii bon 1 to the effect that for at least 12 months thoy will pay the minister a sum ni not less than £- to be i ntl quirterlv, irrespective of fees and (2) have morally pledged themsilves lo use their best endeavors to keep up the income to that amount after the 12 months, so long as mutual emin \ > between the minister and congregation that a copy of such euch agreement shall be entered in the minutes o li v e ' i j book After an animated discussion in which t ne R v A 1Î i» sell, the Archdeacon, the Dean Needham 1 nr rai Mes Thrupp Pelham Lowe, Hawkes and Lall too1 prt the niov er obtained leave to vvitlulra v his motion onto nu Im standing that the subject would be t ih.cn into consid"i it o i by the Committee to be appointed m i lencil mcome3 The second motion, rel itmg to the lees was dispose 1 of m the same way Rev R Needham then moved, and Re\ AV Andrews secon led "lhat a Select Committ'Hi be appointed to prepare petition to the Queen, praying Hot Alajesty to apoonit i Commission for the revision of the Book ol Common Pray er, with a v lew-I To the abridgment of the services 1 By îemoving unnecess iry repetitions is ol the Lord s Prayer the Gloria Patri i &c; .. By the shortening of some of the Lessons 3 By the appointment of ii shorter portion ot proper and devout Psalms for Sundays -II AV ith a view to Hie removal or altei ition ol suWi things (being inJiffercnt and affecting no doctime of the Articles) as have bein lound to pro lue- the alienation of persons lrom the Communion of th Church an 1 to have gnen and still to be giving offence to the con ciences of many of its membeis 1 Ly removing from the Calen Ur the L «sons take i f um the Apocryp'u and s ibstituting others til eui o ithe C mon eil Bool-s ol the Old Téstame it 1 Bj leuovmg from the appointed Sund iy Less ins those Old testament r casons which aro too natural ind substituting ethers 1 Ly lcurictm., lhe use of the Buri ii Servlet to the eis of peisons who have died in full communion and the ulop'ionot i nevv sen ice to be used in other c ises 4 By the altcialion of those passages of the Offices of Consecr ition O uinition the A isitation of the Sic» Baptis n Conlirmition winch i),>eirlo is«ert the necessary aud mvariao'e corlcrrm:* ol div ne gi ice ri opci a operaio by the act of the mi n tei 5 15y the romoi al of the Athanasian Creed, or the elision of the damnatory clauses 6 By the adoption of such other alterations as ?nero agreod on hythe Corannssioi ippouitel in »he year 169D' Hie debate was then a ijourne i Rev D Ibretson proposed, and the Archdeacov seconded " 1 hat all resolutions p is-ed during the prev io is sessions of Synod li ivmg reference to matters permanently afiectmg the church be punted m a concise form for tie information of members of Sy nod Hie motion was opposed by R"v Tarr, C Marryat the De in and when put vv is lost Rev D IbbetbON then asked what means there aie Within the reach of the Church 11 tlus Diocese for a.cei tam ing the precise functions aud duties of the digmt nits aud officers thereof The Bisnoi said he shoull be hippy to ans* er ti at que» tion whenever the ^ynol silo ild e\j ress i vvi 'it lit he should do so but he lelt tint in nnsweiing anv indi llu 1 question it was a matter ol courtesy on Ins pait ni lot ol right m the questioner lhe re d answer was tint the hip ii s withm lhe leach of the Church were Hie 1-ccle ustic 1 Law of theChuichof 1 nglind isapphcib'efo the Colonies Hi» Al cn deacon propose! au I Air PrLii vu seconded ' lhat a Special Committee of Lav m i be ipponitel to take into consideration the «abject of the incomes of t' officiating Clergy of the Diocese with iv lew of recom jo 1 ing to Synod some improved me ins of developing the liberality of their respectiv e congre"at ous ind so ne moie satisfactoiy plan th n tint now ni oper tion of "Hording aid, vvheie needed, from Church lunds under the control of Synod Various suggestions were nvTe, and a ballot taken for the Committee Fridav, Alva io The Diocesan Synod met on 1 rainy evening at 5 p m Aller pray ers, the minutes ol the previous meetiug were read and confirme 1 Notices of mot on were given in by the Bishop, Mr Fullirton, Canon iarr, the Archdeacon, and tbe Rev D J R lbbetson (^ec ilveitisement j The Rev Mr Ihretso\ presented a petition fiom the congregation of the Disliict of Bartholomew, Norwood The debate on the Rev Air Nted'i vvi s motion vv is re opened by Air N Oldii wi and an imeiiitmcnt rnov ed by lum as follows, ami seconded by Ali Lowe - " 1 hat the appointment of a Se'ect Committee to prepare the suggested petition to the Queen, be delerred until the Bishops and Representatives of tile Australian Dioceses meet in Prov mci ii by nod ' The motion was opposed by C mon Russell, Mr Lowe, Rev Air Boake Cuion Parr, and Mr Hnupp Hie Re» Mr lbbetson supported it Mr Oi »ii vw obtained leave to with Iraw his amendment, and to substitute in lieu thereol the prev îous question Hie Rev Ali Pollitt moved, and Mi Dlvipster seconded tnat the deb ite be «iljourned I he motion waa lost, the debate continued lue Bishop, tlie Archdeacon, and the Dean opposed the motion lhe Rev Air Needh vu replied The previous question was negatived, and the ongm"l motion was consequently lost Hie Synod votm¿ by orders Iufsdav., Maa H lhe Synod met again on Iuesday evening at 5 o'clock, when there was a full attendance Notices oi motion were given by M" Hemslcy and Canon Marryat. (See adverlisin/ columns ) Mr. Oldham handed m lus resignation as a member of the Cleric ii Incomes Committee but ftei a snoit discus sion, withdrew the letter notifying his resignation, and give notice th it he would n ove the Synod io fill up the vacancy caused by his resignation Pursuant to n jtice, Mr Or du vu mov ed "lhat morder toi emoveeffectu illy the reflection sought to be throw i upon the Synod s Standing Committee of last year by Air I hrupp s motion of yesterday, a subsidy of Gi per quarter be voted to the C/( ile ¿ CliiouUc for publishing the proceedings ot the St mding Committee in au interesting lorin. it being highlv desirable that such information should be disstminated ituoug the members of the Church at large After some discus-ion this motion ws, by leave, With- drawn Mr OLonAvi then moved, pursuant to notice "That tlie recommendation contained in theït i piragraph of the Standing Committee s repoit be alopttd, and that the Treasurer of Synod be instructed to pay to the iittoireys of the Society lor the Propagation ot the Gospei, unoi. the receipt of the Lord B.shop of St As iph s annu ii ccntubu lion to the Lndow ment 1 und, the sum ol lui/ tow uds the endowment of St Georges Church, Gawler lo wn and St Matthew's Church, Kensington ' The resolution was c irried Mr Oldii vm then moved, pursuant to notice "That the Synod re-olve uselt mt) a Committee of the whole House to take into consider ition the Standing Com inittec's report, 111 so 1 ir as relates to the loth paragriph on the puneiples of distribution ol the income derived fiona the Allen Fund ' Aftci some discussion, an inienJmcnt vv s moved by Mr Blyth "lhat the 10th paragraph of the Standing Oommittc s report referring to the appropriation ot the Allen lu vi together with the le^al op moa ol 0lr leim on the case submittcl to bun, be referred to the Committee on Clerical Incomes ' This amendment wa? «econdei by the Archd^ v.co\, and carried It was next mov ed by Mr Oldii vm - "That the memorial fiom the minister and congregation of Christchurch, Kapunda, be complied vv ii h, and that cure be placed 011 the list of incumben íes, as recommended by the Standing Committee After some discussion, it wa3 moved by Canon Farr, seconded by the De vs. a3 an amendment " That, in accordance with the petition of the congregation of Cliristchuicli, Kapund 1, that congregation su ill be rccog niscd as a parish, and be entitlcu lo send representatives to Synod " Carried Moved by Canon SI vrrï vt, pursuant to notice, and seconded by Mr Hawkes - "That the Lord Bishop b^> requested to draw up with the help of the Chapter, a form of service for the institution of ministers to tin ir cures an 1 incumbencies whereby tluougli the prayers of the Chuichthe Divine blessing may be invoked upon the mimstci to te ipstitutcd, and the congregation among whom he is to serve ' Before this motion was put it was moved, as an amend- ment, by Mr 1 hrupp, and seconde 1 by Mi Bull " That all the words down to the word "mun" m the above motion be struck out and that theie be sujstitulcd the words-' lhat the Lord Bishop bo lequssted toeo.nniuni cate with the Sîetropolitan the wish of this Synod, that there should be drawn up lor u-e in the Austra'i in dioceses a form, &c; " This amendment, however, was lost, and the original mo- tion carried Mr Low e then brought forw ard tlie motion of which he had given notice - " lhat while Synod cannot hut decrL reglet the ciicum stances which at the opening of the present session should have led to the resignation of the lion Sir .T H Fisher and the three other lay representatives foi Trinity Church, ef their posts as Synodsmen yet this House feels it due to the Deanand the inembcis ol tint congregation to express its entire and undiminislied confidence ni a just appreci ition by that Church, both of the dulv mil tue benefits of com- plete union with Synod, m the spirit and in accordance with the piovi=ions of its fund imeut.al regulations " Alter some discussion, the motion was by leave withdrawn Pursuant to notice, Mr Ihrlpp moved, and the Ancii deacon seconded "That the repoit of the Disputed Lleclion Committee be now taken into consideration " Report adopte 1 Pursuant to notice, the I ord Bishop mov ed "AVhereas by leison of the public enticements of His Honor the Chief Justice, the Co nmittee elected to consider the answer made hythe Secretary of State for theColon.es to the memorial of Sv nod cannot meet for some time , and it is desirable to convey, by the en«umg m id to His Gra-e the Duke of Newcastle the deep «ausi iction with which the Synod has learned tint Her Altje^ty Ins been pleased to receive their petition very ¡.ricioiislv, and has "Ko received from His Grace suggestions as to the best com se to be pui eued in pursuance thereof -I vv ill mov e th it Synod <o convey to His Grace their til mkful aoiirctuliOii ol ti e mti rest 1 e has taken in the obiect of then memorial, and ilso to m tímate that they are engi^cd in cdii-i 1er ng the expediency of applying to the Colo n ii Pitliiimait foi an Act of Incorporation, whereby as a Ulura!» thev may be able to hold property and frame by lews in connection therewith, for securing the disciphm and pioniotmg the general efficiency of the Chuioh ni this Diocese, tint a3, ni compliance v.ith the S'anding Orlirs of Pa-li iment such * lilli cannot be introduced in the píese 't session tiley will, alter mature ronsiderition, communicate to His Gnce, through His Lxcellcncy the Governoi-in Chief, the plan which this Synod deems it deoiiable to adopt " Carried Pursuant to notice, Mr Fullvrtoîj moved, and Mr Tiirupp seconded - "That it be an instruction to the Select Committee ot Laymen, appointed on the Archdeacon's motion, No. \c, that the subject-matter of the notices of motion Nos. 0, U and -ia (withdrawn on that mulei standing) be referred to such Select Committee. And that it is the earnest desire of thb House that, in furtherance ot the objects of tha Committee, the members of Synod, ami of the Church of England generally, will readily afford the Committee suuh evidence on the subjects of investigation a3 may bi called for and ia their power to give." Carried. Pursuant to notice, Canon Farr moved, and the Rev. W. B. Andrews seconded - "That a select number of lay and clerical members of Synod, to the numbuiof seven, in addition to the Archdeacon and Rural Deans, bj nominated to advise with the Bishop in matters relating to diocesan missions." Carried. Committee elected-Canon Farr. Rev. J. S. Jackson, Rev. R. AV". Needham, Mcssr.-. N. Blyth, R. A. Fiveash, G. XV. Hawkes, and B. W. AVickes. The Archdeacon obtained leave to withdraw his resolu- tion, notice of which he had given as follows : "That whereas the Acts of Uniformity passed in the reigns »f Elizabeth and Charles II. enjoin upon all bencliced clergy and curates of the United Church of Knglaiid and Ireland the observance of the Order for Morning i'rtnier in its entirety ; that is to say, the Morning Prayer, Litany, and Ante-Com- munion Service: And whereas objections are entertained by many to the length ot such service in a climate like that of South Australia, as also to tim repetitions that neces- sarily occur by the conjoint usa of two, if not three, sepa- rate Services during one meeting for worship: And whereas the repetitions so occurring are neither edifying nor reasonable : And whereas it is believed that their omission would be acceptable to ¡i large majority of the members of the Church, while it would remove a reasonable ground of objection lo our worship on the part of many who are at present estranged fiom our coinmuuion : and whereas doubts exist as to the extension of the ecclesiastical laivs which govern the Church at home to its non-established I portion in the several British colonies: Be it resolved-1. That the Bishop, Clergy, and Laity, in Synod assembled, while ptrongly attached lo the doctrine and discipline of the United Church of longland and Ireland, are earnestly desirous of promoting the edification of her members, and of removing every reasonable ground ol'objection to lier forms of worship. 2. That the omission ol' obvious repetitions, verbal and otherwise, in the ordinary Sunday morning service, would, in the opinion of this Synod, greatly hulp towards the attainment of these iiiii»>rtaiit ends. :i. That being doubtful as to the extent of the powers possessad by a Colonial Diocesan Church, and anxious to avoid whatever might seem even to imply a want of affectionate loyalty to the temporal heatl of the United Church of England and Ireland, or of respectful submission to là.: Mo.-a Reverend the Archbishop of Canlerbnry and other uiithoritiei, would refrain from attempting at present, any such change. 4. That, nevertheless, with a view to satisfy the Synod ;is to the extent of its powers, and th it of those of the Lord Bishop of Adelaide in this be-half, the Standing Committee of Synol be requested to take the necessary measures tor ascertaining whether the colonial branch of the Uuited Church of Kngland and Ireland, or that portion of it included in Ilk-Diocese of Adckide, is bound by the Ac!s of Uniformity passed respectively ia the reigns of Elizabeth and Charles il. f>. That the expenses necessarily incurred in the fulfilment of the duty hereby devoted upon the Stand- ing Committee be deiiayed out of the General Church Fund. Pursuant tj notice, the Rev. D. J. II. Ibbotson moved, and Mr. Oldham seconded - "That the petition of the congregation of St. Bartholowew's, Norwood, be now taken into consideration." Memorial read. Motion by leave withdrawn. Adjourned to 5 o'clock on Wednesday. AA'ednesday, Mat 15. The Synod met again on AVsdnesday evening, at 5 o'clock. Pursuant to notice-, Mr. IIemsley moved " That all moneys derivable fur Church purposes be con- centrated into one general fund to bj paid into the Treasurer's hand, and that the Standing Committee of Synod be empowered to pay monthly each minister's stipend in pro- portion to the cures he may be ia charge of, but no minister or incumbent of any Church to be paid less than 20,.-¿. per annum, with a parsonage, and :su/. without; and that the Lord Bishop be respectfully requested to pay all moneys under his control; and that the churchwardens be required to pay their respective collections iato the aforesaid fund, reserving only such an amount as is necessary for tho repairs, cleaning, and lighting of their respective Churches." Canon Russell seconded the resolution 71ro forum, to secure discussion, but pointed out that it dealt with matters beyond the control of Synod, and could not be carried. The. Archdeacon showed that it would bo at variance with parochial trust- deeds, and The Dean objected to the principle of the resolution. It was finally withdrawn. Canon Marryat moved - " That the House do go into Committee to consider certain proposed regulations for the election of Synodsmca in the event of vacancies." In the discussion in Committee, the following gentlemen took part :-The Dean, the Archdeacon, ('anon Russell, the Revs. J. A. Boake and K. Ii. Miller, »Messrs. Lowe, Bull, Oldham and Cobbett, and the Lord Bidiop. The following resolutions were adopted by the House as temporary regulations : - .' 1. That when a vacancy shall occur in the representation of any Chinch, the minister shall give notice to the Bishop, staling tila cause of the vacancy, and shall call a vestry moeting for a fresh élection. "2. The Bishop shall, when Synod 13 sitting, announce- all such vacancies ami elections to Synod. I " '.. AU re.Mgiiations shall be made to the minister." j Mr, Oldham, pursuant to notice, moved "That there being a vacancy in the Clerical Incomes Com- mittee, the Synod proceed to lill tlie vacancy by ballot." This resolution was not seconded, but was received with considerable amusement, as an ingenious attempt to persuade the members present to relieve Mr. Oldham of his duties as a Coinmittenman. This concluded the business at present before Synod, but His Lordship announced that there would be important re- ports to receive from the Committee on the despatch of His Grace tlie Duke of Newcastle, as well as on "Clerical In- comes." The Synod was then adjourned to June nth, at 3 p.m., at the Church Office. SOUTH AUSTRALIAN BAPTIST HOME MISSIONARY SOCIETY. On Tuesday evening. April 30, a public tea meeting was held in connection with the above Society, in Ebenezer Chapel, North Adelaide, after which a public meeting was held, presided over hy Mr. Barnes, who stated that he had taken the ciiair in the absence of Mr. S. Bakewell, M.P. He remarked that they had met there that night for the purpose of collecting funds to aid the Baptist Home Missionary Society. It had been said that the Baptist Missionary Society was not established on such broad principles as it should be : but nevertheless they were now beginning to extend their labors over a larger field, and thereby increase the operations of the Society. Mr. Hooper, the Secretary, then read the report as follows "The Committee of the South Australian Baptist. Home Missionary Society in connection with Ebenezer Chapel, North Adelaide, in presenting their first annual report, feel regret that so many years of the colony's history should have passed without their standing forth as a body to declare their missionary spirit. Yet, believing in the old proverb, ' better late than never,' they have at last put, their hands to the good work, praying the Lord to pardon their past neglect and also begged the forbearance of their Christian brethren, and humbly solicit their assistance and co-opera tion. " Your Committee, in reviewing their labors of the past year, feel constrained to thank God and take courage. We have some very painful circumstances to contend with; but. the Lord has made us the truth ol' His promise, ' As is thy day so shall thy strength be,' and He has in every difiiculty made a way for our escape. So that, notwithstanding the power of cur great enemy, the feeblencsss of our instrumen- tality, and tlie smallness of our means, nevertheless, thanks be to our gracious Lord and Master, we are enabled to recognise and report some good, resulting from our humble endeavors to spread his dear name abroad. " Our stations at the present are but two, although your missionaries labor in other fields of usefulness. Our agents are but three, but we have had the assistance of one who hitherto has not joined your Society. "Our lirst field of labor was at Dry Creek, but owing to other means of religious instruction having been brought into the neighborhood, and the removal of many- of our friends, this station has been given up. This also is the case with Fullarton. " Hope Valley was a deserted station of other Societies when your agents undertook to supply it. For some time they appeared to be almost laboring in vain, nevertheless they were enabled to persevere, and their hands were strengthened by the devoted and self-denying labors of our good brethren. Mills and Carter, who have been instrumental in raising a flourishing Sabbath- school, numbering between 15 [?] and 50 children. These brethren, be it known, walk from Teatree Gully, a distance of six miles, every Sabbath day, to attend to the school, and now. thanks be to God, there is generally a good attendance on the means ol' grace; and although we cannot record any instance of con- verting grace, yet the spirit of religion has been revived, and the love of Christ has been shed abroad in the heart, so that some have been constrained to follow the Lord in the neglected ordinance of baptism. "Teatree Gully.-This station is highly satisfactory. Dining the past year a church has been formed, consisting of nine members, since which fhrei others have been added by baptism. This little church is raising funds for the erec- tion of a new chapel. A piece ol' land has been generously given by Mr. John Flavel for the purpose, and we hope that Christian liberality will be evinced on behalf of this promising cause to enable them to complete the building. " AA'e forbear to give an account of other placss where your agcuts labor, although that would be highly interest- ing, lest we should be found running in some other man's line of things ; but, in conclusion, beg you will not despise the day of small things, bat give us your nyaipathy and aid. Assist us by your prayers, assist us with your money, and assist us with your influence-, and we hope, if spared to see another anniversary, to bo able to lay before you something of a more deeply interesting character." He stated that their operations had been hitherto confined to a very small space ; he, however, hoped at their next anni- versary to report that the Society had extended its influences and increased in strength in every point, both morally and financially. The Rev. Mr. Hoatson thou moved the adoption of the report. Mr. Jenkins seconded. The Chairman put the resolution and declared it carried. The Kev. AV. Prince moved-"That this meeting, and | those more immediately connected with this infant mission, desire to acknowledge, with thankfulness, the great- kind ; ness and help of God for the formation, success, and hopeful state ol' the Society, and are confident that while it continues I to seek the welfare of immortal souls and the exaltation ol') the Lord Jesus Christ, it vvill best secure the appro: bation of God, the prayers oí his people, and their willing contributions, ull of which it hopes to share." ile stated that they had established a Sunday school at Fullarton with great success ; 40 children were attending it. Hs was was glad to say that there was every prospect of it increasing in numbers and in faith. Ile had himself established the Sunday school at that place under many difîiculties-he had to remove six times from the places , they he-Id their meetings in. There were seven Sabbath ] school teachers in connection with it. At this stage ot the proceedings Mr. Bakewell entered, apologised for his absence, and stated that he had only just returned from a visit to AViliunga. He regretted that he was not present when the meeting commenced, but he hoped they vvould excuse him. Mr. Bakewell then took the o.haiv. Mr. Haines, sen., seconded the resolution, whicii was carried. Mr. T.E.. Cooke proposed tiie following re- solution :-"That this meeting, seeing that many country districts are very insufficiently supplied, would press upon all able to testify of Christ, and especially young men, to devote themselves to God and his work in the world." He spoke as to the flourishing state of the Society in Teatree Gully and its vicinity. Mr. J. Mills seconded, and stated that a deputation had waited on him from Sandy Creek, requesting him, on behalf of the Society to send a minister there to administer to them. The resolution was carried. Mr. AV. Harris moved "That the thanks of this meeting are due to the brethren who have willingly gone forth to supply those parts with the Gospel, and also to all who have given of their substance, or who may have collected funds for the support of this Society." Mr. Packard seconded the resolution, which, was then carried. A collection was then made, which amounted to 6/-. During Hie evening the choir in connection with tho chapel sung several pieces of sacred music, which afforded great satis- faction to all present. A vote of thanks to Mr. Barnes, who had ulled the Chair- man's seat, previously to his arrival, and to the Chairman, Mr. Bakewell, concluded the business of the evening. THE CATHOLICS AND THE EDUCATION GRANT On Monday, 5.1 ay 20, a numeroi slv attended meeting v.as hJd in tau li) n ni Ctlholie Olivet, AVest ti ir.ice Hie object ol tin» ineam,', .is stated ni th-- .'dvcrtiic-ment, vv is ".»¿iinst the school grant" lue meeting w s ad f rtiso-d for 7 o clock, and at tint time Hu Chapel iv is modei.itely weil hlle-d, but the Bishop and clcigy did not make their appeal ance unt.l nearly half-past 7 Öa their cntran-o the meeting indulge 1 m the usua1 expie=sious of applause, which fie Ris'inp chec- ed, reminding them t!. it they were isse abied in i Chapel li j then took thj eli it , a id «ulled o.i Hie liev John Sa nu, who read the inquisition con- vening the niecti ig i he Bishop b ii I ih it aä ha was going on i dist mt v u ta tio i tho ne vt c1 iv, h<> would economise the time of the nieitingaiid afonne-eill on tlu Rev Air Smyth to led the petition (winch hid bein p.epared for present ihou to Pa- ll mieiitj so t'nt it might be piomoted Hie petition was then road I he lUsii )i su 1 lhat petttion gav e the "bsti i-f reasons foi then petit omng bje il =ho lil noc go nloue ltv-oildbe s ist ii d bj gc ill ne i \ 1 o w o ltd give t\ 11 nee n its sup p°rt-t io p longest end >* ti to la Is lliey 11 ist it n-»rabel tint, they i'one v ere not c meei ne I ii the matter but iheir C it ioho brethren m the o her coloni-d inep e s« i ' p"tilio i dia at diflei materially fro ii the lorm i one but it 'es ned a little more lespcoi, than that h ii met with it li I n-v-t with sonitt!ini.r bo-ilenng ve y nea ly on can tempt (Grows) It vv is true then minor ty as i ich io is body v as 3~i t bat other colonists lui not all belong to I i san e Cluncli but to lifferentsects sotntiu t'lii" view their m nontj wis not so gieat as it night oceniat irdfc si-J t I ile itoman C i*ho ic as a bo ly were 11 oie niiineio is ti n m my Oi 1er s et ila be^0ed them niv to .illow thci f eli ig- to be too much excited by what they wou'd hear Inti i,h lee j¡iois lreedora was looted in the vciy sill an I woul I never be eradicate 1 it might take them some time to gel whit they v/mted hut th / would gun th ii endatl t Odiéis migl tcil!itaiiccf itn i but derlnow it wa1- not itiect ition it was not likely uffec itio i woul I be I wild m i iy ol th ii ele gi still It s i i th ir 1 i np (Hear ' i u ) alley we-c to'd bl te ni uad b en ibolisheil but it wis not so it vv is Mil (¡ven al tn r te >l f boas m Is a yeer to IcTdi o'hei ch Idreii in Pro e Lim schools lhere vveic ni my loci preael eis v no co ii 1 not keep 1 le i 1 -oal to^e them it v ere not foi JJie educi'iou ¡,raut 1 veiy onevvho kne v Sir Rich ird 1 una. s Church let kilt v th it it vv is m tended to eiju disc the religious conimumt «s in the colonies i hat ci hghteiiul st itesm 11 s ivv thal t' ey n"vcr coul I get on v ithont eju hty of ieligum befon Piot ot uitism b-cmie dmuinnt Heflhc Pislup) cimeout hi ii llattheicqust of the Secret iry of St it uu 1er ill opu ition of the Act Hut Act however hld been abolished and the design v is to ibuiish then liligiois equihty State ii I to rt'u,ion h 11 oeen ibolr-hcd in thu colony m oidei to mike th Cithohts slives-f^ronisl- bat he woul I siy Iel it be abohshel in every shape not euren m the shape ol ji 1 to Protest mt schools Could he with all his/cal for his own lei ion m ike such m impression on Protestant aduits s i Protest mt scho jlniitstci coul 1 make o i C ithohc children > I he lounda tion oftheir creed was totuicli children to lovcGol ibove ill ind iievtthen leiiow cr ituiesolevcrydcnomin ition ( Vp pi luse) As to the project that their children might slink away out ot the sell jol when the Protestant Bible wis i eui he had not humility tim"li to brook «uti in insult VnoUiei pnjeetwis to pac« i Catholic o i the Burl but no.«. Uh>hccmild icceiie the litcsof Ins Church ii he were coiiiettid with my Loird to ml in di« eminiting the r ile it mt Scrip ures nul if a C it'iohc were pi ice 1 on the 1 ininti »i lio lid it would bo his (the Bishops j (Ui y to wun 'mi Yn, one night 'eave the Catholic I hurdi at Plea'-ure but is Ion.; ¡s ¡XL had the nain" ol Citlio e he to ild not cinist ntly sit it that Hoard la re might p r hans be a traitoi found but (rod g ant h nullt ne\ r w tness it (Vpplus ) ile would now call o i Air I AV S>°v ers t . giv c tlnm so le of tac Jet nts ot the sv stem t mght m I iotest"iit schools Ali Si vers commenced by saying tint he attnbtiii I the demil of th<ar lirst pe ilion to an liillacntul section >1 Scnanted b-cilucn who hal dep-ivel the ( itholics of the as ist nee of man/ tileited aid libe" 1 mullel mci It hld been ins lot to a s over i portion ot the dtngeious rnierals provided oy the i lucitionil Loai I for tie in struction of tue childi en of the Catholic rising ..cneialion He would read v list o* their school ooks Air Sty ers pro-1 co ltd »o do so anl then evhibitcl n espy of Magnell s HisiOucalQie tions from which he real s vtrd extracts] v/hic i spoke a^iin t the Cilhohcs ile procce I'd "t gleit length to re 1 fr >m i paper which he had preñare 1 re uta t o is o the li stone il i irts ol Alignel! win li li- quJtel ilso illu l<> I to re cnt P tr i imeut i y d \> it s which lie st ¿mills l as vnl-nr chptrap Ile d "lu-el that the Itomish Uraici hil ever ben tit most hbei ii jf all eh irc'u and lid carultud v ist numo"i3 ol Libles hiving pint I no I's than 81(1 elitions ml .0) m Itdy don" but always with the u tes ind comm nts dill" Churo i He allude i to m diy otiersabjec s m history iilcoii lukd by siy if that li" woul 1 iccept of no com pi omise no h ill measure Vboh Ii tut elucitio ni grant let every paitv m» nge its own s-hools Ile vi oui I now call on them to "i e ii opmlj expresse 1 contradiction to the lou ch irf es m i lo by c i tain me nbers of I* irh iment aga n-t tinir lhsnop ml puesta Ile iskel- Do joipritest (íes yes) Di you putt t against the s\ stem of educa lion¿ (Mingled e íes of no anl ¿es )\csyoudo and so do I «owe ire di good Pretest ints (Laightt ) He voullmove- Hut tht petition now rea I be llop ed lor signât ire and present ition to i arliament Ali Seyersliad spnken ibwe an li >ur and w is listened lo with the most natient attt it on duung tho vnolc time excepting once when v gentleman rose to protc t igunst something th it w is «aid but he was speedily called to oider bvthe Lisiiop flit motion was ve j b-itll> seconded by the \icir General the \ en Ii v litherRvAN Hie I&isiioi; s iltli-y must excuse 1 athel Ry an s bre\ ity He hil j ist ernie olia long journey (fiom Kip mia) and wasnodoabtlatiguel but he believe 11 i* her Smyth would h tve i metlung to siy Hie itcv 7 S ivTii hid something to sa/ It might be tht Piriiamen*' woul 1 tlnou t'i" petition in their lace oi they might ec ive it with silent contempt but if th 1'ir li i ne it weie silent abo it it they (theCithohcs would «lu it loudei ind lou 1er and make themselves heard (Chcc-o ) In tint iieee) tntrv he felt he was doing i pani! il dity m Petit oning hedí lu t Iiki to go down oi his knees and for ever pi ty lor lue jUst rights to be a heggir for ont s just rights vv is ihv lys pimtul but if the Path iment wou dgut it them foi the asking ho v oulcin t mu Ji min 1 an I won d ever pray for thtm (Ch<-eis ) lucy lrul be"a ace wed ol disturbing the paolic pe i«-t Tilt man who w liked iw iy with another s property mi lit rai t the « une cry vv lien the poli e wer ithishec's (I augiiter "tid clieeis ) lbey wtrt told to be patient-to practise the martyl s vu tie but there was a time when piticnce lee um a Ciinit mil vvnen delay vv t trc chery now was tint time the present was that ocasión They coul 1 111 all 3rd to siculi e the i util of their children so as to Le s-mar ire 1 fiom them throughout til eteimty would tiley Si ml qi i tly by uni se Iheii did Iren thus lobbed and muideied AluidereJ Hii-y cune out fiom then o vu country vvi'h their poverty an 1 then filth they had become ric i since but if ti ey were to 1 e robbed ol then 1 nth tiny would be poii m lee I 1 hey woul I 1 eg anl pray Parliament lill they got til ir rights i hey vvould be told lill those wno to! 1 tliei i were nauseated with sayin., it tnat they li id no e i se of compl lint He said tiley did not stand on equil gre und with the Piotestinfs Hit speaker htrt piociUccd a booie by the Se íetiry ol the 1 1 cational Boan! foi Austrdiai begin ers a 1 ni I of little histo leal c teclusm he sud He woull reid intKtrit1" In the rei^nof Idwirdlll there lived artfoimc-iiviü«-! \A íckl ir who wrote a id preachel i"iinst tue wie ed lives oi tie c1 re,y {Lau_,htei ) A\ eil lit vv isn t i samt bims It at any rate lïy his maihovl he (Al- Smyth) s vore he voul I per8 st m "gitatm «? on tin question until they game i their eil Heth'twhic in lit t'i tteth ot then ice s rs tlie i lsmua o i ol t ici nish't to e lucí ion of the peop e It vv is tile C itholics tn t li id educate I the vv orld (Applause ) It vv is the Citho ics who nal presen ed tha Ki ii (Renewal applme) In their Clune i t io Bible was truislitid du yearsbefor«1 Tmhei was bo n by the Vencnbe lied liol had i inch pVasurc in supporting th° íe olution 1 he rtsol ¡tun w is (hen put and c irri d unainmoJSl/ Iii«» Bisiioi sud there weie sjpie things which hal been said by Ali Se>ers w i cb he felt i little soiry foi but thry h ia been chut doy the present st ite of things ml he had saul them in so genii manly a way Hi t no one co dd take ofTence Really whit tiley were omp lied to suirer w s taking nth mtagt ol chiluhood in disliess they were vTy poor ti ings hid however brightened up i little since (he foimer petition wi scnf ii new schools had be ii established ml their schoo s wo ill bear co np vi ison vithanyiii Adelaide but they were not piopcily sup ported Hie clergy expended iluge portion of their small me ms to pay the ti ichei» Nogover i ncnt whtt'ier Cithohc or Pi otc taut ought to be perm tied to hold the education olth People ni its hauls Governments requued to bivvatc i"l rnlrince the schools vere mut.an Institution by which the devolution was brought about No puiely secalai Go v oran eut could man igt tin. educdon ol cmlilren In Prubsii owing to the mere s" ol uime on then cilendar th'-y were obliged to give up the edu ition ol the people to iht deny even in that Protesia it country C ithohc priest3 we-eieq icsted to take chir,,-» ot s-Uxils Hie loealnews papera weie constantly p ibliihmgMtcis about th s question Iron people who ii il«r« o id lollung abo it it lie kne v weUwhatcduo tion was hebe0an isa AIi«sion iry 21 yens ago bv teaching i httl s îool lhe clergy ought t,o have the eli lion o til" people L"t them go lorth then detti mu c1 lo d9 their d t/tlrnly but without icnmon/ As he enjoinel th m m his hist pistoril the/should puij ior ior0iveiiess and blessings on those v/ho d 1 lii-nti mjusficc A v otc ol th m k3 to t! » Ihsiiop closed the proetedi igs. ST GEORGE'S CHURCH, GAWLER The laying of the keystone of the tower arch of the new St George s Church Gawler took place on May 20, the event being celebrated by a special service, and in other ways. The weather in the morning looked gloomy but before the pro- ceedings commenced the clouds cleared off and real Whitsuntide weather prevailed. The worshipful body of Freemasons had consented to perform the ceremony of lay- ing the keystone; and a little after 2 o clock the brethren left the Globe Hotel, when they were joined by the Foresters and Oddfellows of Gawler, who had startes from the Odd- fellows Hall. The three bodies then marched in procession to Harrison's mill and returned up Murray-street to the Church. All the shops in the town were closed, and nearly all th- inhabitants turned oat on the occasion to view the pro"e sion which include 1 ibovt liO bretlren ami tile flying ha nieiS t is bilbie regalia of the Al isons Oil If Hows and i iresters illelti the su ¡ins ot Schradct s baud winch marche 1 ahead ol the pi occasion lent quite a gay an 1 holuliyasp ctto the town On retching tht Ch ireh the brethien tnti ely occup ed ont side ol the ethlice and a part Oi the otuer «ide so that tht j e v accommodation left for the g ne-d public wis very Inn te 1 loims however wtie lliceu down the centieof tin Chltrch and in f-oiit oí the Communiontable and evciy foot of stuidug room w s occupie I Tlip lt"v C VXON Cooviis mun tei of St G"Oige s read ev nmgpriyer assiste! by tue tev Canon Russell and the Rev Air Murriy ol Lyn lo h A iMey Hit hr-t t iree and list ti o verses of the 122nd Psalm anl th" 1 nth P lm Prayer book version, were ¡suug by the choir md ceiigiegalion Brother theRev James Pollitt, P. P. G. Chaplain (L C ) who hil been announc d to pieichtlic sermon selected for his text part of th" sixth v cr e of the second chapter of ti o First I pisf le general of Peter Bchol I I lay m Him a chief corner stone elect p e io is an 1 he that beheveth in linn shall no"- be eanf inn led I lie discourse w is v ery long and vciy cloqacnt ml the lev gentleman in «ne wing ol tie g eat interest ev meed by the members ol the Church an I their Chri-ti 11 tirethreu m the tittitol th" Hy illa trite 1 it by rele ring to the pi ogress of a uatno io irmy v ho"ebi i c deeds could not be fully appieei ited by those whose homes ana ill that wis dear to them were not m d mger uni if lie said a st i ingerto that neigh loui'uod - lould beaslo ushed th iti v 11"-erection of a C lurch so lev li id done so mu h thtie 'ngwouldbco ii/ akinlothesentimentoi won Icrwhieh lihe 1 people s m lids o i r aLu0 what G inbaldi 3 little 11 ce hid iceomp lshed ig mstlonga id°trong estaohshedpowers In conclu ling his s»imoi the rev gentleman male au earnest app" ii to the benevolence ol his hearers whom he entre ite1 to give ii cr lily md cheerfully towards the gre it ml good ojject they had in h md V eoUec'ion wai then made the proceda ol winch amounted to <>nl is Kid The congregation then left the Church, for the purpose of witnessing tlie ceremony outside. A scaffolding had been erected at. the top of the tower arch, aud to this the I-Yee mnsons ascended with a few of the leading brethren ol' the other two Orders. Presently the Lord Bishop and clergy arrived, accompanied by Air. Younghusband. Mr. Stephen Ring, Mr. Douglas, Mr. E. A. Hamilton (the architect of the church), and other lay gentlemen. The Lord Bishop then read tile Office for the Laying the Foundation-stone of a Church, anil at tlieappoiiitedtime Brother Martin, the AV..Al. of tlie Lodge of Fidelity, Gawler Town, having duly applied tile tools and fixed the stone, declared the same properly levelled, plumb, and square. Brother IÍ.W.D.P.G.M. Piveash (LO, then received from the hands of Bro. AV.P.P.G. .1. D. Downer (E.O, the corn of nourishment; from Brother V.Vv\ P.O. S. AV. Crowder (LO, the wine of refreshment; and from Brother V.AV. P.G. Secretary Boucaut (I.C.), the oil c1' joy, with which he sprinkled the «tons in due course, with the appropriate prayer for the successful completion ol' tiie work. The Bishop having concluded the reading of the service, the spectators separated. The next feature in the day's proceedings was a soiree in the schoolroom. This had bean lixed to commence at 4 o'clock, but it was now past 5, and the consequence was that no sooner was the ceremony of laying the stone completed than the .schoolroom was filled. There were literally hun- dreds outside who could not obtain admission ; and many of those inside were unab'c to obtain any tea; their enjoyment consisted in witnessing the enjoyment of others. There was a rush for every place the instant it became vacated, and the faces of some of the more hungry of the visitors had a wild aspect, as ii; being unable to get anything else to cat, they woull ver/ -00 i h gi i to cat one anoJiCi lins s'a1 o ol things continued for upwuds ol ii horn It wis a con tinual le ist y it fortimaitly a't lough the dmiuid wis grct tile s inpiy iv is still gi eater min the ei d evcryboiy wis sitisfied A\e n var siv mvw tere such a trow d-d tea mt ling Hie isscin'olige mUuled ill 14e anl r-i3uilj unties occiMonsth fu snx picpon lentecí -sucht incJ exhibit on of lead dri ~spsw 3p"rh ips ne\ cr before w t lesscd 111 tue «-ölen/, cornons 1:* is it did, cvciy poe,1Uic modilict tioa til t exist betwe 1 the oil I ishioncd con' scuttle ml tie ne v ungle I pork ¡ne, and immg-t the cog mt tu 1 ming, tu., beaitilul Afigenta colour if com s pteljiui tilled lhe Icllowmg is a list of the lih"3 win pre e-iecd 'hetrtysat win li they preside 1 -'1rs Coomba ml His Dingi 1» ,"Urs Lu'til Mis u d10 iy Airs 1 O Jones Airs Dr. L"\vis Uis Peicival ml Alis Bmett Air layloi and Alisa I nison Airs M taro Airs Pinson, AI-s Atiln md Miss Bright Airs iiitliuist mel Airs Gome 111 b helois al o pro, led a ti .y, ml it is nghf to say that ill t io tables v,ere bontt'ii'l/ suiphel with viands and pío f sely dee rate 1 willi fljwcrs Vt V o c oc' ml iib ev ellina- time was a mee ti 1 g 111 tue O 11 clio s Hall Vltei 7 o el ick the idnu-j-ion was io bo li"e out as long before 7 o clock every inch of lloor nil lil it form vv Us oe pied, ti is oanevolent intention v is ii us trùtea. is o inconvenience, However, waa expe-iiencád, the ii-ill being =o admirably constructed. The Lord Bishop having been voted to tha chair. The Rev. Canox Coovibs, at the request of His Lord- ship, nilureJ a short pi aye-r. 'The Cn virevi vn said that the object of that meeting was not merely to furihe-r the work which the lie v. Mr. Coombs had in h md, to promote the comfort aud conveaieiicj of his own oongregaliuii, but the rev. gentleman had the higlu-r u i o ealing iori, i tua Cnnstiai lib"rahty of th ni haoi'aiitsol uriw ei in lil of the crcetiou of a structure to the "1 ii if God Hie/ woald le ile mer that in ever/ vii ige of th r fitncrlaud the e existed a sim turo of i suptim chu i«dci to tho c irouudit, md how when they pp ou,'i level j ci y thtlowcung spire an 1 lofty íoot oí the cithedrai o loi ed t'ut their loref ither vv lea the/ p! luted citici did not forget, the good prowdtnee of God lu v as smulai lteung w nth gave use to tilt eui ivoi to imi nve t it pi na « ructurts which mar! 11 tht p no I oi oin ei-iy cJlouiil cieetiors wiMi smnclhuig moie wortuy of th" objece to which th y v eicdedicited Such-n oc i um a* the près n vis > le of silemn m crest ni before mik n^a iy fur her icmirks he would eill upon Ali Coombs i i rea 1 to them ti c rti oif \ Inch he hld no l'ouh val' 1 fii-nish inform ition pltasing md interesting to ii asse nbled Hie Rev Canon CooM"S as Ghiliman of Jic Bud ling Com inttet ol ¡st. George s Church the i read the following report - ' Alay 20 1sCl Hie Com mttce desire to preset to the subscribes ml t le public a îeport of then proceedings up to the piesent lime AVht i after lengthened nul matine dehbei ' on it w is ile ided l>} the Chin chin n of ihe < is ncf th it t io ol 1 c 11 eli was worthless as a bud lin" uusii t ible ni its stjic i id character to continue m peipetuity is the House ot G 11 u I every way liifenui to other structures in ti e town use 1 foi soci ii literary unu einimerei 1 pu pose it w is resolv ed toeimnienc a new church i.orthy of ihe sncicd pulposa lo which it is to be dedicate 1 and of the pi ice in w Ino i it is trotted A handsome design, by i A Hamilton I sq, vv is adopted It is ni the early Knghsh style, 14th century. The bunding is at lirst to consist of nave and eli meei, willi tower to piny a peil of six balls Provision is also made for the addition of a transept to the nave, if at any future time in rease ol population should render it necessary. In August, 1857, the foundations were cut, broad and deep, and a strong concrete was deposited, on winch the superstructure m ght sec nely rest On the 6tli of January, 1859, the foun d it ion stone wis laid by Mr» Short, wife of the Lord Bishop llirce cantracts had been complete 1 and paid lor, up to the close of 1859, when the funds in hand oblige 1 the Comm ttc-1 j pause m their operations Seasons of drought, md th» general depression of the whole colony, rendered it lora w Iule unadv ¡sable to attempt to collect in subscriptions promised by persons on whom every reliance could be placed It should, perhaps, be stated here that when the i rnstCeS gave their consent to the commencement of a new chinch, it was an express stipulation between them and the Committee that no debt should be incurred The work, theiefo'e, could only proceed, and contracts be entered upon, accoidmg to the lunds in hand The whole responsibility, consequently, rests with the Committee ' AVlien, by the blessings of a gracious Providence, more prosperous times opened up before South Australians, the pledges given by several were most honorably redeemed in the p lyment dt their contributions. Various haudsomp donations and subscriptions, as shown by the Treasurer's published accounts, enabled the Committee once more with confidence and hope to resume their labors Uuder the direction of their able architect, at the end of 18G0 a tender was accepted for £650, completing the wills The contract wis divi led into two parts, each extending oyer a period of nine months, dating from the 1st of November last Hie first part will shortly be finished, to the amount of E40s, e ci-ptmg the architect's charms, lime, and sand On or before the 1st ot .T'll/i.cxt, the Committee, through their Chair- man, w ill have to inform the contractor whether the funds ia han 1 and securely promised, will warrant ths.r proceed- ing, with the second and concluding portion of the contract, amounting to about 26 '/, excepting costs of architect, lime ami sand, is before But the Com nittcc feel that they can with confidence appe ii to paid and promised subscribers -to tue membeis and friends of the United Church of England and li eland within and without the district to aid them in their efforts Hie noble edifice now rising will be its own best advocate Its evident strength and beauty will carry bick the thoughts of numbers to their native land-to the churches where their fathers worshippel, near which then ashes " rest m hope " The structure, in the stage to which it has attained, shows alike the taste and talent of the architect, und reflects credit on the workmen, past and piescnt, who have so ably carried out his design It will st uni forth, for ages to come, a Christian temple -ieared, m faith and hope, to the prai-e and glory of the triune Jehovah -"fiom whom all blcssuigs flow" A church of such a description will be a lasting ornament to Gawler, it must ever occupy a foremost rank among the public buildings of tins important town, as well as be aplico where many gene l liions m iy .voi ship their Go 1 and saviour 1 he Committee lu-Tciore ait' persuaded, that a united t-llort on the pirt ot the promoters and friends oí this good work will cairy it suet-sfully onwards to completion They tender their heartiest thanks to all who have hitherto helped them by their sympathies and contributions, and espe-ully to their nnmeioiis irieuis, clerical and laity, the Pi crimson«, Oddfellows, and Porcsters benevolent societies, who have on this day come forth in such a handsome manner lo ml an 1 chepr them m their work By Gods blessing, an I a piosp-'roas season, should they be enabled to carry on the present contract, they think next year the building may be covend in, and made ready lor an opening service Several p.onuses of 2a> each and others are already gu irinteel towards the roof The Committee now finally appel to their brotner churchmen, their Chi istian friends, and f-llo.v-colonists for the help tluy feel c nhdeiit will be allor le 1, to e.iable th"in ere long to put the top stone to the naiv chinch of St George's, which will be a day ol joy aim thanksgu mg to not a lew in this town and neighbourhood "Sigucd, on behall of the Committee, " AAr II Coombs. Chairman." Mt II K Bright moved the adoption of the report, in which he said it was satisfactory to lind eveiything set forth m so plain and expin it a manner All were aware of the uduous duty which the Committee ha 1 to perform in carry- ing on the work so far, and thougn, of course, thanks were du j to the subset ibers, he thought all would agree that llnnkä acre dso due to the Committee for their labors , and h" hoped tint approbat-ou would be signified m a more sub- stantial manuel wlu u the building was entirely completed Tr I* VI.ME11 sccondcl the motion I he Cn vinvi VN remark! d that it was a common saying that good wine needs no bush, and he thought that the ilegmt simple, an 1 tiuthful report wliu h hal been read by th«ir Minister would su'hciently comme id itself to an in tell'gent audience, and without linkui; my lurther com- inan t, he woald ask them to adopt the repoit with a unani- mous vote 1 he motion was put and carried amidst loud applause I ae chairman said that now, feeling that the meeting was sulliciently apprised of the circumstances under and the object for which they were assembled, he would add a few reaiarks to those he had made previous to the reading of the report. He did not. know how it aflected them, but he seldom saw such a large number of persons without being struck by a feeling of awe at the vast number by which he was surronn led. It was rscoidcd of Xerxes that, when reviewing tho myriads with which he invaded Greece, as battalion after battalion, nation after nation, and language after language passed be-fore him, he burst into tears when he thought that, after a period of ten years', what would become of that vast host ; the greater part would be gathered io llie-ir mother-earth, and but few would remain to testify to the effort whicii gathered them together. If such was the feeling of a heathen monarch, what should be the feeling of a Christian when he found himself surrounded by a multi- tude of those who, he knew, would live for eternity, and by whom so much could be accomplished? Perhaps they might be collected together for vicious pleasure ; the Christian would then experience a feeling of sadness at the thought- lessness which would characterise the throng ; or there might be an assemblage surrounded by all the pride, pomp, and circumstance of glorious war, as it was generally called; and though their hearts might burst with the ardour of patriotic feeling, yet what sadder sight could be presented than a multitude of men arrayed for the destruction of their fellows, and for the devastation of the beautiful heritage which God had given to man. Then there were sights of iniiocaut pleasure, when the labors of the field were suspended and the mart was emptied of the busy throng of commerce. But if a large assemblage had for. its object some benevolent work such as the foundation of an hospital to administer to the sufferings of humanity, or of an asylum for the poor and aged, or of an edifice in which man should be trained for immortality, then, he said, to see multitudes of people gathered together for such objects - whelher for the comfort of the body or the discipline of the soul, the heart, of the Christian rejoiced, and therefore he re- joiced at the sight of such an assembly as that-(hear, hear) -for he trusted it was not with a feeling of transitory plea sun-, of mere casual excitement or local pride, but with a better feeling -a sentiment of awe and humble devotion that the large congregation had at a certain part of the day assembled in the sacred edifice. He called upon the rev. gentlemen who surrounded him and upon his Christian brethren to thank God and take courage. As Paul, when being taken prisoner from Judea, was landed on the shores of Italy-, felt his spirit sustained by the feelings and devotional habits of those who ;came forth ,to meet him, and derived from thence- strength aud encouragement, so a similar foe-ling impressed his mind on looking at the numerous assemblage be-fore him. With tint encourage- ment he thought that the Committee should not hang down feeble liants ; for the foundation having been laid, and the keystone of the tower-arch fixed, why should they doubt that God would permit them to put on the topstone amid shoutings of joy? (Applause.) It might be said by the cynical that they were ein'eavoring to get up an excitement that was not real. But what excitement was there l-eyond that cíuscd by the cup that cheers but does not inebriate; and for that he confessed he had rather an afToction; and he thought that if some psople took more of that cup anl less of others, it would be much better for thurn-hear, hear) ; it would promote their health and pros- perity, and increase the happiness of themselves and their families ; and for his own part he was glad to see the culti- vation of the Focial feelings combined with the furtherance ol' religious objects, and so the whole of their life would be leavened by-Tliviue truth, which those who had received it might carry into their business and pleasures, as vvellas into God's house. (Applause,) The Itev. Canon Coombs said that the meeting had not besii convened for one purpose only, that of raising money and exciting sympathy ; but arrangements hud been made for combining with those objects rational instruction, varied by the performance of sacred music. The assemblage then sang the National Anthem. The Rev. Mr. Jackson- then delivered a lecture on " Delhi and its People." Previous lo the- Indian mutiny, Mr. .1 ackson was a missionary at Delhi, and his account of the religion, manners and customs of the natives of that part of India, proved highly entertaining. .The paper was illustrated by large colored pictures. Bishop llebar's hymn, "From Greenland'3 Icy Moun- tains," was then sung, A collection was then made, which realised .CIS is. 8-1. The Itev. Canon Russell then read a paper on "Christ. nias m the Olden Jl une," not illustrated, lor, as Mr. Knssell teni irked, it might be found inconvenient to bnng in a boar's hca I, and it might nat be perfectly safe to introduce a bough of mistletoe Hie papei was very attentively listened to. Hie Itev J vins Pollitt then addiessoda few words to the- au heute-, particulaiy in le-lerence to the lirge amount of money that might be raised by children going about with liltie- subsetîptioii books, a system which he said produced almost mci edible results m the old country, and he recom- mended if 3 adoption in Gawler lor the new church Mi. \V S Dololvs supported the suggestion, and expressed a hope that by this means 10J¿. vvould be collected in six months Hie Rev Canon Coovins proposal a vote of thanks to the ladies fo, the handsome enteitiiiuneiit which they had provided, and which he was glad to see those present at the soiree so fully appreciate Mr. Dicivsox, in a good-humored speech, seconded the motion which was earned unanimously. Mr DtirucLD proposed a vote of thanks to the Lecture«. I he motion was not seconda 1, being carried by acclama- tion. Alessrs J vckson an 1 RussEri returne I thanks Hi Kev C in m Coovuis moved that i vote of thanks be gi < ii to t le membeis of tie Alasons Toiestcrs aud Oil 1 Min s Lenevo'ent S vi lies who hil come foi wird m si disiuteieslc I t millner to lo honor to t'l occasion and waos" attention and kindness he vv is sure the assembly woul I «-la Hy «¡knowledge I he 'I v Canon Rtssi 11 scon Iel th" motion Hie motio i was clined unanimously M Al virrix ( ti iy or of G i der) ml that as fir the kind nc3s e^ In jited by th Al isons Oddfelloivs a 11 I oresti rs the ru' s ol these bo h s taujnt then membe-s to do their duty in 1 they coiiside e 1 th it they were only doing their i'iitj in asistí ig m tint lay s p oceelings He was gill t > im 1 li i e\ 11 th i ti o perform met ol th ic duty had lirai s-Uisl iction uni li" had mach pleasure m acknow kigmgth vote of thanks Di Non on o Inlfol the Ollfclljws an I Foresters also returned th i iks leel mag th it til*- memb rs of those ord rs ludielt ii, i p casino is well as a dut/ to turn out on so in teresling an occisión On the motion of Air Bric.nr s"can led by Air Dauc.Lvs avoieol thinks wis yeo le I ta t ic Churaai which his Lo dship ic lowie ige I Hi" It v ( u on ( oovirj then tu nike I tlu meeting for the inicie t shown by the n iii the object which he h id so mue i it heirt md the Bishop having pronouueed the Benediction lhe meeting separated. ECCLESIASTICAL "INCORPORATION" A letter from the "Dulce of Newcastle to the Govei nor i i-Ckief, has been, received in this colony, sucgestiry tlie expediency of An \xt of Parliament being parsed to enable the Cliuidi of Eiglmcl m this colony to «ia «ul itself of the Courts of LaAV for the p upose of enfoicin^ Chinch discipline This vvjtikc to be the leal intent and drift of the Duke's letter; and it will behoA-e not only the Parliament, but tlie public at large, to be ex- tremely cautious with respect to all legislation J on this subject. It is not our intention, at pre- sent, to euler minutely into this question ; but I we feel it our cinty to invite the public to inves- ! tizate closely the "bearings of ii proposition which ' may issue in results little «anticipated. Were any I apology necessary on our part for sounding this note of caution, it is supplied by the Duke's own ' lelícr, in which it is admitted that the proposal to " incorpórale" the Church of England in South Australia, and to bring it into certain de- fined relations with the Courts of Law, has already been questioned by the Bishop himself, wiio in a letter to the Duke of Newcastle, inti- mated that " the Anti-State and Church princi- ple on which the colony was founded, prevents the Church from obtaining a local statute giving effect to the acts of a Synod, and the sentences of the Bishop." Tlie Synod being now I in session an excellent opportunity is afforded for the full discussion of the question by that body ; but it is a question by no means limited to members of the Church of England. "We feel it our duty to put the matter in this light : -Shall our law Courts, supported at thejiational cost, for civil and secular purposes, become ecclesiastical tribunals, wherein may be enforced the decrees of Synods, Conferences, Unions, and the various decisions of clergymen and office- bearers in the Churches ? It will be observed that the Duke of Newcastle speaks of " other religious communities" besides the Church of England being possibly allied to the State in this indirect manner. We need scarcely say that our remarks have no exclusive reference to the members of the Church of England, who were never more commendably exerting them- selves for the good of the community than at this moment. But we must confess that we look at the Duke of Newcastle's proposal as a dangerous one; and without at present more minutely analysing it, ayc call upon the friends of religious liberty of all denominations to study it carefully ; and, as far as possible, to trace out its probable working. New Covgkegatioïs m. Chvpel, Aldinga On Sundav, Apnl 28, avery noat and commodious place of woiahip was openod foi Divine Sei vico in Whites Valley. Sermons, suitable to tho occasion, wore preached m tho morning and eveninï by tho Rev 1 W Cox, ot Adelaide anil in the afternoon by the Uov. J Bonney, of Morphett Vale. On each of these oc a sions tho building was filled to tho doois with attentive heareis. On Monday evening-a tempoiaiy mnrnueo was croeted bolunel tho chapel, in which about 200 persons pal took of a well prov ided tea, and then adjourned to tho chapel The place was onco mote crowded Hit chair was taken bj S Bikowoll, Esq , II P., of Ade Iaido, who, in an exce lent addiess, oocned the business of tho mooting and called on the pastoi, the Rev C Hall, to read the financial statement It appealed that tho chapel vvould cost lathei over £300 and that pie vious ti tho opening services tbout£100 lorn mied to bo raised, of which, at that moment £¡1 w is deficient Ad Iresses on vinou3 topics weie doliveiod bj the Rpv3 F W Cox, Janies Sleigh, of Lncountei Bay, and John Roberts, of Goolwa Boforc the collection was made tho formai gentleman srioko on th" subject of systematic storing and giving" and suggested tho propnetv if it //as within the ability ot the friends, to clear off the cost that night ind leave no debt Mr S AVhito imme di ato7 j responded, anl saul that if th» peoplo dil what they could he would comp otc tho woil Mr Shore leading oft with £5 tho total w is soon raised to £ 10 and Mr Win to undei taking tho i est, the incubus oi a debt was pi evented, to the £>ioat delight of both pastoi and people Votes of thanks to the Ch mm m, loi his able conducv of the meeting and to otn is concnnel conclu led a veiy mteiesting sei vico The eli ipel stand a fe v bundled yaids fiom Mi White s mill and it> in the Gothic style of architecture, with a poich and bell tower Its ize is 30 \ l8 feet and standing on a gentle uso forms an interesting objoct in the landscape 