THE LATE COXSTABLE CONOLLY'S 1 FUNERAt. ' Sib. — A letter appears in the Ipmich Herald of Friday last, in wltich tire Rsv. Mr. Mtiiuty uttvmpts to justify bis refosal to allow the rites of Christian burial to tbe unfortunate constable Conolly. In this attempt at justification, -the Rev. gentleman quotes some oftlie authorities -of his church, nbicli be says compels him to refuse te -perform the -Christian office. In another portion of that letter he Gays, 'lie (the; priest) neither expresses nor-rurms any opinion as - to whether he is saved or lost ; whether he belongs to the numberoftbe-elector the reprobate. The priest udges only of externals.- He knows- that such and mien persons would not and did not comply with1 peligions duties at anytime within one year before their death — some of them fora much-longer time — and he refuses to perform an v religions riles -for them after theirdeath. . That ie the whole tliiugr* Can you inform- me. Sir, or can yen prevail «pon the Bev. Mr. McGinty, to inform me if this is really the whole thing. .1 have read something about tbe Bomaji Catholic .doctrine of purgatory, which is semarkably like . that of the -ancients as given by Virgil. What will become of tbe sou! of tMsjioor unfortunate, to wboin the rites of Christian burial were denied? Is.it consigned to everlasting per dition? or is it consigned to the Bev. Mr. McGinty's or to Virgil's purgatory? Dryden -thus translates the passages to which L refer — The ghosts rejected are the unbappj crew, Deprived of sepulchres and funer& due, . . A huudred --«ars they wander on the ebora, At length, tbeir penance' done, are vafteQ o*er.' For tills arc various penances enjoined, . And -some are hung to hleach upon the vino, — Some plungud in -v-atera,-^«Uieni purged in fires. Till all the dregs are drained aud all the-mst expires; All tiavethcu* manes, and. those manes hear, 9%rfe-r go dfttnxed Ut those abode* repair, , And breathe in ample fields the soft Elynan air.; - !Then arelhcv hapjiv, when by Icn|rth of tmte \- -The scurf is -irorn avay of«acb coaimiUed-crime^ - ~ . Koajieck is toft of their habitual stains, . But the poxe ether-of theeonl remalrm. Is this, Sir. the state of this undutiful meniberof ?the Bev. Mr. Mcfiiiity's-chnrch? I am afraid uot; and I am afraid -li»t that Ber. gentleman is not -strictly honest when be says.f that, is the whole thing.' I iancy that the same. laws whiob preveDt tbe performance of the funeral rltue also declare the true state of '4he whole thing.' . .' 'Whosoever shall affirm,' says the CouaeQ of Trent, 'that the ungodly is justified. *y faith only,, eo trial it is understood tbat nothing else is required to co-operate therewith *n order to obtain justifica tion; and that it is on no account necessary that he fdionld prepare -and dispose himself by the -effect -sf his own will, let him be aocorsed.' . A-rin— . ^'Whosoever shall affirm that men are Justified ?ujlely by the imputation of the righteounuess of ?Christ, ortbesreniiesionof sin, to the eiclmdon -of frace and charity 'which is shed abrpad in their hparts and inheres in them ; or that .the grace -by ?which w^ ase justified is only the favour of God, iet him be accarned.'— { Council of Trent, fith mwj Again — ? . 'Whoever dball *ffira thatws can by noantas inake eatisnetion to God. for our sin;,, through die tneriu-of Christ, as far as the temporal penalty is concerned, either bjr pontahmeBts inflicted -on n« by tim and .palienUy borne, «r enjoined by tbe priest, -though soc undertaken of oor own accord, *och mm ^aituigs, prayers, alms, and after works of pietj ; and therefore that'tbe best penance is innMig stars than a new life,— let trim *e accursed.'' And again — ?'Whoever Boafi affirm that.ihe ssfismefions try whifAjierritanUrcAemtAotticicMfrom.einB, through Jenu Christ, are no part «f the 'service -of God ; bnt, , on the«-titrary, bnman traditions which obscure the doctrine of grace and tbe true worship of God, and the benefits of the -death -* Christ,— let him te -xn. ?cursed.' ; . . . ' ft would «eem very plain, Kr. from these quota-, ^ons.that, as Hie ueceased had. not attended4o his relijpous duty fin- several .years, ihe was witheut the pale of Ilk ffcnrcs. and as that church says those who hoH that .Taifli alnne is sufficient for salvation ?re accursed, there «ould' be no hope .for lum. V this be so. then ' tte whole thing'' amounts to this; -tttat-be has not .descended into jpnrgatnry, bnt into eternal perdition. lr I am wrong in this onndustaa. I hope that the JBev. Mr. ftcGinty will net mpwght. Ctiam very important question., frbich 1 am^neis Dottnllyjuifieratood either by the Kv^.^eDtlenuuTa flock, «r those iiereticsV Cbtn.amen, . Hottentots, pagans, or Heathens, whom, the rev. gengetnaa a*yai .'the pdblic must always be prepared tstseefao; , far as thefiomau Caifaolic'Ohnrch. ts ooncerned) eoch incorrifnblea thrown into tlietr graves like deaddoga. Twilaont .one, ^word^r burial service, or auy reKgssua «ct performed fpr thenserVes eprcially.'' ?'-., . fiopingtofb^ue^1anatioo-m4hissahjoot, ? . : . : .-'r ^ wbl, Sir, _ . % ' ^- -. -. ? ; , ? - . . . jTour TfKtjf obeAien^ yervsmV t b - :. ft' ' '':???' '.'. A&BBS;&.-*: ] ?Sm.—'it tt nfit i^qoetto, I tappot^. to wA.tiu readers of -one journal j» penire ao article in, lawotber opej-bnt I cannot,' sir, refraio from referring yontoa leuerfromthe fiev. W. ICGinty in Siun. £riday- imrae of the* ^itrtdi UeraU, which for cold jbJoodedferoatj.snrpaMeaanytliing tp.be ntually. ifbma in newspaper correspondence. .. . .-;-i;:'ri ?Jjra veryj-roperlj-, sir, oiled attenfion to the burial of uie late Constable Connoly, who loot bit. life in a noble attempt to carry medicine to a rick j lady, and whone remains urere home to their last renting place without any of those icolemuii ie« which nMiially accompany interment* in a drilizrd com munity. The rev: delinquent, I presume, i» afraid to meOAle with you, bnt lays hold of the worthy Editor of tbe i/drabt and gives itm a snort unmer ciful flagellation. Tbereafter he lashes all round : him, rewinding one forcibly of bi« tnporior, the1 poor old auaa in Bane, who, finding the «ld house tHrabliag about his ears, sa-ears away like a trooper, caning all round him, consigning thorn in millions to everlasting torment. Then the rev. correx pondeat proceeds to give his reasons for his conduct, dearly exemplifying the principle enunciated in certain lines quoted by him 4 — ' Oh Judgment-Hum art Bed to brnttss beasts 1 Kan bu lost bis reuoa? ... Kow, sir, let us simply state that no -one objects to Mr. M-Ginty's iaterpratation of the rnie of Ms Chnrch, so that quite uncalled for in hin explanation of the principles of tbat conimunivn. We all know vfaat that Church' is; history tolls what she »ff-, and her infallibility muiitstill make ber 'tender mercieK' to be ' erne).' Bnt while, sir. we da not object to Mr. MHSinty'ti observance or the laws of his church, Kurely we have a right te ask that in a civilized com munity, those laws uhonld be administered. «ot a.' for ' brutish beasts,' and not as by saen.tbat hare tost their reason. In the name of our comtaon humanity,— in the name of that Gospel of mercy on which Mr. ICGinty believes his Chnrch to be founded, xurely we have a right to expect that when a poor desolate widow come* weeping to a minister of consolation, the wounds of her teart should not be torn rudely opes liythe address, — 'No; yonr bnsbaud was no more a Christian than that dog.' Sorely there u 'room for -the piteous sentimentality of a. aanetimouieoH chatterer (yourself, sirj aopVng that God any te more saerdfnl than the priest.' Ssrehj we bama rixht to expect -that while the hearts of tbat poor wi*ow and her orphanH ara still bleeding, flo minister of Him who calls himself the fattier of the fttherlesa, and the husband of the widow, should pen these words, — 'The public, I nay, mnrt be pre pared to see {as far *» die Catholic Church is con cerned) such incorrigfbles thrown iute their graves like dead dogs.' Surely we have a right to objectte any man dancing over the grave of a servant of our Queen, calling him ' Heathen,' and erery rile epithet that a. bad heart can utter. ... Most remarkable, sir, uthe mingling with all mis of the anost elevated Knintship and Romii as sumption. In the Catholic Church, says the reverend esponnder of ber tenets, the sinner to be forgiven 'must make a careful examination of ennscience— must have a hearty sorrow for the offence — must make a. plain, sincere, and entire twnfassian of bis sins to a priest — must make saticfaction for bis trios' Nothing whatever of faith in Cbrixt ; nothing of casting his cares before his God in prayer. Every thing mnst.be under the direction of a priest, arid roundly paid for. But does .Mr. H*Ginty not fancy that we know far more than this about his Church ? Does he not know that we have heard -of another door te forgiveness in the Ctercli of Borne ! Does be drink we know nothing of Tetzel and bis in dulgences? and of the days in the unchanging Church when, witbont confession or anything of the sort, men paid their cash and got its worth of pardon for the past and immunity ifor Kins tocome? Con fess te a priest, forsooth ! Bow often have I seen, in Italy, a great cross set up, «n which wan urittce, ' for the benefit of travellers, that if you Htep and Kay before it a certain number of avas yon get forgiveness /or furry iija. How often base I seen a £tt!e Ariue ty the wayside, in Italy, with a little idol in it, to (which if you pray you pet a Cke indulgence. . . 1 Sir, there are some of ub dnt know something more than Mr. MKJinty would give us credit for ; anfi ve speak not till he came forth publicly, as he'lias done, to expound the principles of bis Church. Sir. hewing respectfully to Mr. M*Ginty and to yourself. I remain. Yours, Suu, Ipswich, 16th September. COSMOROil T AH 