THE NEWS OF THE DAY. The R. M. S. Salsette, having on board the English mails to the 26th of June, arrived in Hob son's Bay yesterday morning at eleven o'clock. The Salsette brings consigned to the Acclima tisation Society, one spotted deer, one Indian owl, one jackall and six tortoises. An alligator was also shipped, but unfortunately it died on the passage. In accordance with our usual custom, to- day's issue is principally devoted to the intel ligence received by the mail, but in consequence of the unusually crowded state of our columns, we are compelled to hold over several important and interesting items of English and Foreign news and our Indian intelligence. Our weekly stock and share report, and table of business done, together with some other matters of local interest, are also unavoidably postponed until to-morrow's issue. The elections of Saturday, if they have no added to the majority already obtained, have at least, resulted as favorably as could have been expected. From the first the liberal interest has been endangered by a multitude of candidates, and through the persistency of several gentlemen in going to the poll, when they must have known, that they had no chance of success, more than one seat has been lost. Unless the numerous instances of organised impersonation at North Melbourne unseat Mr. Costello, some of the defeated candidates may find consolation in having inflicted him on the country. We learn that seven persons were arrested on Saturday, while attempting personation. The successful Ministerialists as a rule, cannot boast of their victory. Mr. Anderson in "his own" Emeral Hill, secured only a majority of thirty-two over an unknown man. The Opposition to Mr. Nicholson at Sandridge, can scarcely be called a contest. "The Castlemainaics" with character istic aberration have elected Mr. Pyke, whom a few days ago they would not hear and rejected Mr. Smith whom three months since they preferred to Dr Macadam. The latter has now had the amende made, being returned by a majority of 500 votes over Mr Pyke. We cannot conceive what has induced this con stituency again to disgrace itself by returning Mr Chapman. The electors of Richmond have re fused to reverse their former decision in respect to Dr Evans, and that gentleman finds himself rejected — this time without any mistake in the ballot papers. The successful candidates are Messrs Francis and Lambert. Mr Levey has suc ceeded in unseating Mr Henty for Normanby, but we are not in possession of the full returns. Bel fast preferred Mr Hood to Mr Michie by a majo rity of two. Thus there is another of the legal authorities of the House without a seat. There is some doubt whether Mr Casey or Mr Howard has been returned for Sandhurst in conjunction with Mr Denovan. As the result stands at pre sent Mr Howard has a majority of two. The contest for St. Kilda was remarkably close, and proves how complete is the division of that con stituency into two classes. Mr Manifold has been returned for Warrnambool, by a considera ble majority over Dr Mackay. The detailed results of the several elections will be found in another column. We are in possession of our South Australian and Tasmanian files to the 7th inst. We are however, compelled to withhold our usual extracts until to-morrow's issue, in consequence of the un usual pressure on our space. The declaration of the state of the poll at Eme rald Hill took place on Saturday afternoon, at the Mechanics' Institute of that district. For an hour or two previously persons might be seen flocking in all directions towards the hustings. At a quarter past five Dr. Palk, the Returning Officer, appeared at the window and announced Mr Anderson as being the chosen of the people by a majority of 32. The intelligence was received with loud cheers. Each of the candidates ad dressed the electors, briefly expressing their thanks for the respective positions in which they were placed ; and notice having been given that the official state of the poll would be declared on the ensuing Tuesday at twelve noon, the crowd quietly dispersed. The East Melbourne was one of the most ani mated and best contested of the many elections which took place on Saturday. It will be seen, on reference to our report, that Messrs Cohen and Kyte were the successful candidates. The former obtained a very large majority— his sup porters in many eases plumping in his favor, and not splitting their votes with any of the other candidates. This system was also extensively employed in favor of Mr Langton, and in some measure accounts for the high position which, though not actually returned, the free trade re presentative enjoys on the poll. The numbers were — Cohen, 997 ; Kyte, 698 ; Langton, 621 ; O'Brien, 585; Cowell, 457 ; and Everard, 5. The latter gentleman, however, as already intimated, was not really before the electors, and the votes given for him were consequently thrown away. After a declaration of the numbers had been made, Messrs Cohen and Kyte briefly addressed the electors at the Mechanics', and Mr Langton at his committee room, took an opportunity of thanking his supporters. The official declaration of the poll is to be made this day. The North Melbourne election took place on Saturday, aad was orderly and quietly conducted. Messrs Davies and Costello were the successful candidates, and, after the announcement of the numbers, they made suitable acknowledgments to tho electors of their sense of the honor conferred upon them. The numbers were — Davies, 1324; Costello, 912 ; Sinclair, 868 ; Dickson, 851 ; Har bison, 299 ; Caple, 28 ; Sim, 5. The official declaration of the poll is to be made on Tuesday next. Mr John Whitelaw met the electors of West Bourke on Friday, at Mount Blackwood, and on Saturday, at Middle Gully,. At both places he was declared an eligible candidate. Richmond was the scene of a most exciting electioneering contest on Saturday, and great interest was evinced in the result of the election. Busy knots of people might be seen at all parts conversing eagerly on the engrossing topic, and betting was largely indulged in. At about half past six the returning officer appeared at the win dow of the Kingston Hotel, where a large number of people were assembled, and declared the poll to be in favor of Messrs Francis and Lambert. The announcement was received with deafening cheers which lasted for some minutes. The two successful candidates addressed the electors, thanking them for the honorable position in which they had placed them. The Returning Officer announced that the official declaration of the poll would take place this day, at twelve o'clock ; and after having given vent to their excited feelings by three lusty cheers for the successful candidates, the crowd dispersed. On Monday last Dr Hedley was re-elected member for South Gipps Land without opposi tion, and on the same day Mr Everard and Mr Johnson were both proposed eligible members for Gipps Land North. Several of Mr Everard's friends are very busy canvassing for him, and it is just on the cards that, notwithstanding Mr Johnson's personal connections with the district, he may have to give way to the more liberal can didate. Commenting upon the grief which a few of Mr Wood's admirers on the Ovens have displayed at his recent defeat the Ovens Constitution remarks : But in connection with all this grief we find a large dash of despair. "The District" we are told, is forthwith to take "Ichabod" for its name. Its crown of glory is rolling in the dust. Its honour has departed, and henceforth it must be esteemed, forsaken, disgraced and, ruined, because — Hear it oh Heavens, because John Dennistoun Wood is no longer a member for the Ovens. We were not previously aware that this illustrious party was so exclusively the repository of our honours, the casket of our joys, the guardian of our rights the centre of our hopes, the tallest feather in our caps, and the mainstay of onr safety ! Nor are we yet perfectly convinced that the Ovens will no longer rank with honour among the districts of the country, and will have no further chance of prosperity, because it has rejected 'the sound and garrulous little lawyer.' We are not dismayed at the prospect of ruin, and if it will be any conso lation to these prophets of evil and their followers, we will, for six months to come, guarantee that the 'almighty smash' they apprehend shall be delayed." A young man named James Bayford was brought to the Hospital yesterday morning with a broken leg. He was engaged at the Theatre Royal, and was going up a flight of stairs to the dining-room when he slipped and fell, and unfortunately fractured his leg. He was progressing favorably last night. The sudden disappearance of Mr William Grant, of Moorabool-street north, shipping agent and produce dealer, was, remarks the Geelong Adver tiser of Saturday, the talk of the town yesterday. On Thursday afternoon his books were observed in the water near Moorabool-street wharf, and were fished out by the Sergeant of the Water Police. Mr Grant is supposed to have gone towards the Western gold-fields, the detectives are on his track. A long course of unprofitable trading is the only assignable cause for the difficulties which led to the denouement. His liabilities are roughly stated at between £6000 and £7000. The amount of probable assets we have not heard. Information has been received of a daring rob bery under arms, committed at the Union Hotel, on the Ballaarat road, on the evening of the 9th inst. It appears that at about 6 p.m. three men entered the parlor of the inn and called for ale, which was served there, and for which they paid. They sat there till 8 o'clock, when they all three suddenly entered the bar, presented pistols at the landlord (Mr Harvie) and the other inmates, demanding their money or their lives. Having got what they could, they tied the hands and feet of their victims, and proceeded to ransack the house, and, having taken all they could con veniently carry, they decamped with their booty. They took, in addition to a sum of £14 4s, three silver watches, one lady's gold ring, and one gentleman's signet ring. The police are on the alert, and are vigilantly prosecuting the search for the marauders. The reading room in the vestibule of the Stock Exchange in Queen street, is now furnished with handsome reading-stands, on which are to be found the Melbourne and country papers of Vic toria and the principal journals of the other Aus tralian colonies, as well as the more important English papers. Amongst the latter will be found the London Times, the Economist, Herepath's Journal, the Banker's Magazine, Mining Journal, &c.; The reading room is open to the public. It is expected, however, that those persons who make a custom of frequenting the room will become subscribers to the Stock Exchange, which in volves the very moderate outlay of two guineas per annum, and confers other privileges highly important to persons having an interest in shares or money securities of any kind. Not the least important advantage is that the buyer or seller of shares, if a subscriber, may be present during the transaction of the business on 'Change, which must enable him to ascertain the tone of the market much better than any written report can convey it. The extreme openness with which all business is conducted, and the liberality of the arrangements generally, reflect great credit upon the sharebrokers associated as members of the Stock Exchange. The dramatic season at the Theatre Royal, under the joint management of Messrs Holt and Hoskins, was initiated on Saturday evening. The tragedy of "Hamlet" was announced, and was creditably performed to a limited audience. The Hamlet of Mr Clarence Holt is much above the average of those who attempt this, one of the most difficult characters of Shakespear, to interpret satisfactorily. Mr Holt possesses a good voice an intelligent countenance, and his Hamlet bears evident marks of close study and that he has himself formed a careful conception of the character which he maintains with fidelity throughout. From previously-formed opinions, we anticipated "passion torn to tatters, — to very rags — to split the ear of the groundlings," and it is with great pleasure that we are enabled to say that Mr Holt studiously avoided any dis position to rant, and in nothing "o'erstepped the modesty of nature." Mr Hoskins sustained a double part — the Ghost and Osric. In the former he pitched his voice too high, which somewhat marred the solemnity of the matter of which the Spirit delivers itself. As the Danish fop he was excellent. The Laertes of Mr Edwards was careful and respectable. Miss Harland scarcely realises our ideas of the fair Ophelia. Mr Gardiner is not equal to the part of Polonius, nor was it within the scope of the First Grave digger, to effectively convey the keen satire which the great playwright has allotted to the holder of this part. The tragedy was concluded with the death of Hamlet, Fortinbras and the ambassadors not putting in an appearance. The result of the elections was announced from the stage by Mr. Hoskins, who prefaced his statement by declaring his entire neutrality in opinion. The farce of the "M.P. for the Rotten Borough" appropriately concluded the performances. We understand that Mr John Jamieson, J.P. editor of the Weekly Despatch, has commenced an action against Mr John Mackenzie, for defa mation of character. The damages are laid at £5000. 