. . BOOKMAKINÖ.' ?*."?'., \ .i WHEN WO saythat London is1 om pty we merely mearj'that at the Weat;Fud there nre,not qnjte BO many¡peopto as. there were,a month or two'jago.i and so, -when we say that there aro no une w books now, we merely mean that there -are nd good new books. The stream of publication nëvér cesses ; and when tho issue of good books ocasos, tlie steady voluminous flow of bad books ¡ forces itself oh1 our attentidn. > Bookmaking is like baking, and thó"óven is heated, every day, excopt Sunday. The' odd thing is, that m ' tho book' businosR,' the greater part of the loaves are not wanted by any one, and the bukers bake« for the pare pleasure of baking; Some portion of minot ourront literature is due to tho .regular..literary hack, but uot a groat deal. There must always be professional bookmakers; but there are not very many of them ; and, slight as are their perfoi> manees, they yet" cost too much timo andtliooy/ ¿ I to ho multiplied at pleasure. Thcsa : wiitert or tho day have lately tried to invest thoir occapa I lion with such a halo of fictitious glory thiit their real motivos must bo a little obscured. ' To pro- duce two or threo volumos a year in a smart style, and full of superficial knowledgo, . is not ut all a grand or wonderful thing ; but still tho back writing of England is of n very decent kind, nnd sonio hack-writing is unavoidable. Ordinary readers wish to have their litorary fowl presented io thom in a familiar and recognisable simpo History, travels, philosophy, must assumo tho colouring that ls fashionable in order to bo pala labio. With thousands of rea Jera it is a choice botweon tho writing of tho curront fabricators ol cnrront literatura and no rending »tall. 'Unless history is short, funny, and ntlnptod to present tastes, it is nr.vor oponed. Anti, io its humble woy, tho. articlo turned out to moot this demand has ¡tn good points. It is gonerally tho fruit of some little industry, and it is almost invariably wt Uti n in n good spirit. The people who BX* m rib. commending are praised--the follies cr the crimes of (he bsd are stigmatized. There is even one -element in-the- common: cast of English thought which is worth havingV; Sid which ia- in a large degree, owing to the- influence of pro fesidonal bookmakers. TheBe writers are gene- rally a little angry with the society which does " not, do ,them justice, and they are inclined to sympathise rather eagerly with those whom1 respectability condemns. They make the very ' best of characters, and persons, and transactions- f which haye the sort oi attractions that captivate those who feel themselves to be on ihe outside ' edge of society. These predilections pass throgh' their woïks into the minds of their readers, and; ' thus the cirelei of general sympathy is insensibly widened;'1 It' w'ould bo very easy to point out jtluit' this is not an unmixed advantage, bnt RÜJJ ? I it i* an advantage ; and when we feel inclined toi L ; laugh at J bookmakers, we ought in, fairness to sot down,to their credit the perseverance, and success . Iwitb which they infuse a spirit of toleration into''.'"" j the minds of the half-educated.' .' " -MHA But .professional bookmakers only-turn out » , ¡j small portion of the vast mass of books destined' to die almost before they are born. The wish to - write a book is a very - natural one, and, the book maker maybe amply rewarded for all his.trouble * even if a page of his printed volumes is'never cut! To many persons print is the only escape from desultory thinking and desultory read-? ing. Hundreds of cultivated men and women are conscious of some degree of' thought and feeling, take a lively interest in many í subjects, and sincerely wish both to gain clear ' conceptions and to do something thoroughly. ,Yet year after year slips by and brings no fruit wi h it They read one book after another, they fake np seiet ce or art, and follow branch after branch in rapid succession. They alter their opinions and'! mature their_ judgment. But still they feel that there is a mist between them and truth. -They < > never give themselves the trouble to sift evidence; " to think over problems, to picture the reality and sequence of events, to attain a definite well-founded ? conclu lion on matters that they allow to be of .the utmost importance to themselves. If, however,' '. they summon np oourage to write a book, they seem to have a rock to ding to in the midst of a. sea of uncertainty. They can no longer state without examining well the grounds on which the statement is to rest, and tho limits in which it must bo confined. They onjoy the pleasure bf humility, and own how much must be gone through before anything sati.factory con be done,, and how very little can bo. dono at last. .They " acquire a personal familiarity with thu ch teeters and Bcenes on which they fix their thoughts night and day. The past is no longer shadowy to them \- a land of the ghosts of other men's thoughts^ but is peopled with their own creations. -They are obliged to give an express opinion on many points of religion and philosophy which previously they were content to put aBide with the essy in- difference of an indolent curiosity. If their bent is towards poetry rather than prose, and they lore to imagine rather than to describe, they are obliged, by the mero determination to print, to acquire Bomo degree of mastery over.the mechan- ism of verse and of poetical language. Most persons who have read poetry largely, who live a simple life, and have leisure, feel every now and! then an impulse to express their strongest emo- tions in verse. Bat directly they attempt to j writetbey are stopped at once by their inability to-1 express themselves. Either their.Verse is merely" metrical prose, ' or they cannot fail to see that '' memory has been the mother of thoir muse, and that thoy have simply put down reminiíúénces:óf .' their favourite authors. This difficulty can; to'a certain extent, bo overcome by patience and un- ''. remitting application.. Á person of cultivation and: felling cannot become a poet by-more force'of will,'-' but. he. can clothe the sentiments and perceptions most interesting to him in lnnguago that shall ber tolerably adequate and tolerably original.' It is impossible to pay that ho would not goin by doing - this,; .and the cosiest way practically to do it'is to-, resolve to make a book. The book will bu to bim " the outward sign that his task haB been accom- plished, and nt the, same time tho strongest incentive to persevere'in accomplishing it.'"; "J ; But all bookmakers do not set to work iii' this , way. The majority of ephemeral', publications cannot pretend toso high a rank, and can scarcely bave bene fit ted their, authors more than tbey'do the public. Still, it is all a question of degree";' ' and it is impossible, withont an intimate know- ledge of the oharaoter of the author, to say that ' he has not found both instruction a nd p'oasnre in his work.. At first sight, it may soe m wonderful ' that so many people can Write books, and. carel to> write them.- But wbon once the pleasure of writing has fascinated the mind, the power of gra- tifying !it yflOQn.comefl. TI tr is" really very! pasy~fó~. make a book, as any ono will find whotries.¡y VVe"< may observo, thati there are moro.especially two a lines in which, bookmaking slides along without any sehsb of difflctil^y/ftp'd without any assignable'' limit. "' If " à ' ' person ' w ho. wants to - make a, book will-but-lot-himself-slip a'ong one of- these-ttifo. . groove«; -lie may gb' bowling ? away for 'evert- One \ 'way is to reflect "on'things in general, withoftt^ inquiring intothe -grounds ob ' which ' what is established really rests, and without ascertaining whâtL'has 'bëèn'-already wiitten on tho shl-jeots*' that most,attract' the attention pf thé aelf; made; philosiphcy./ 'This' strikes /us ns of all ways thc ", easiest arid tho best. .It is so flattering to; our,-i self-love,to eureey socioty; to objeot to everything, 1 and to propoBO a host of remedies. Education, marriage,'political government, the state of .'thb . poor, English ;|aw-in short, evory doparimeit of what is called social science - presents a thousand 'flaws and blemishes'to an accomplished critic. I 'i ho'* groat' thing is to speoulato wi bout iuve* tigating and withont roadiog. Tho droariest'pUii tudes -then Mcbain: fresh : froiti tho bosom* of- thel meditativo limn; ami ho cherishes thenvas ifIfltoyí" had been revealed to the1 world for thn0;first tiirio;' j The ,m st silly' reuiedips wb'ch j have, been [ either ,, proprsjd ond discarded a hundred- »itimts, or only passed 'ovor bedauao they w^roUoo fojlisb to propose, can bc confidently insisted oh afr! re'-, commendod with tho gushing eloquence that is al-, ways nt the command of'slasbing r«formereY '-I hej other great way to make a book is of a very differ'-" put kind, but ,18 hardly loss simple. Itcppsists'iu .'. drrnnginii Homo ol tho best known facts of his- tory.or biography aroundn purely arbitrary contrr. As thoso ' centre's are ' unlimited in quanti y, nod 'J oocqr to any ono in abuudanco alter a moment's reflection,.tho method jof the book may ba struck -. out at once by .any onr, and then a good encjclo podia will furnish all that is necessary in the way of ; ncccssory materials. Ono writor gives ns an ac count of " Toots whoso right foot waa .bigger than thoir. loft.' i Another puts together a history of' the " Third Bons of Banished ; Poten- ' thies.?! Another gives us¡ ««Anocdpt<« of, t¡r\e > Gruiid- daughtera of Unsuccessful Actresses.' It i» ovidont that books without end mny be mado in this'way ; and porhaps it ia scarcely fair to say that f Homo spun philosophy demands loss indust J and Ability. ' J ,?».? ? .. »¡ - " ' f-poclmons of both kinds of composition are s tro i« n ai thickly os autumn loaves. A book called Unpopular Vim of »ur Tinw#,lately I ablished by Mr. P. A. Fraser, may serve as an example of the fir»t method of bookmaking, lt baa evidently been a great pleasure to the writer to perjDade " hlmielf thstbis view is unpopular. He basilius ^.tb'ê glory of protesting againt tho'evil around him, and of sitting like Marius among the ruips of Carthage.. He ÍB the one great wise man in the '.vnidst of a foolish multitude hurrying to destruc ( >tiop. The home-made philosopher would always . loee half his pleasure unless lie took the gloomiest .flew, of every, one but himself., Curr.ney re formers ; always ahow that there is a, balance against i England ,,of i á few _billions, if j she would but see it. There is nothing like taking up your parable, against the people you live with for . getting, a.cheap satisf.iotiou, and a prophet nitty be allowed to regard his commonplaces with ¡aflea tion. . Tho author of this volume has kindly ac-' cumulated-his moro elaborate platitudes into ajvery àoce'ssiblo group, and has. strung them together os ea index to. the book.'» We -there gather such p aria of wisdom as the following' :;-"To provide for future and -unseen -«vants ÍB the duty , of ?working meb¿ and the duty of employers is t;o re- frain from' seeking their aggrandizement by means .which bring miBery and ruin on the employed." '?*' The commercial prosperity, of literature 'is not iñccessáriíy / a', , pr oof ' 'pf intellectual progress." ?*' Popular, preachers . are not al ways,successful in., lessening irreligion." * lt ÍB not much fun in read-' ing these sentences, but we may' bi» 'sure'that it is' great^ftin writing ,them. If' we'can .but i tax our .fancy enough to throw ourselves into'the posi- tion of ; a man who honestly arid- heartily believes that he'ia saying them'for'the'first time, and that no one ever 'stole his thunder before,' we may con- ceive that.it. roust ba very .pheasant,to. feel full of benevolent wisdom, and pour v gently out. Every- thing is wrong in 'the eyes of; the author of the 'UnpopulariVieiDÍ ?'Merchants; are wrong, teachers ¡are wrong, the clergy i are very wrong, but, above -all, joint-stock companies aro an abomination. His acquaintance with human nature reveals to ¡him that members' of a boarcV will do things from -which they would, shrink as individuals. 'I he first reform he suggests, therefore, is to do away with - all < associating for purposes of gain. We feel the faint fluttoringB of a languid whir te know what on earth his Kui>stitute is to he, and what ie to be his panacea for all the evil he deplores. Atlast wo come to it. Goverment is to do every- thing. Government can have no low feelings of avárice, nor a' y w:*h to grind tho poor, nor any temptations to rob,: WP, and cheat. So Govern- ment ia to carry on ovi-ry good scheme, and re- ject every bad ono. This ia like the shower bf ' batik notes which hap y currenc.v people rain on -.all tho world, l o grimblo at all the world, and conclude that government ought to set < very thing straight, is the simplest, the cheapest, and . perhaps tho most agreeable of all philosophies. Mr. Fraser does not jmrtwitli it before he could help, and tells us that he has gona over his ground with euch increasing enthusiasm tl ¡at his volume", which at first.waa only meant to have two hundred pages, expanded into-six hundred. Ho must be very sorry that ho Ima dono spinning his cobwebs He has made such a nice-looking symmetrical not, and all out of his own stomuoh. A work called Prison Books and ilieir Authors, by Mr. Langford, moy servo as a.specimen of the other kind of bookm-king. The central thread which the .author selected to. hang his literary work on is an unurlifical one. He takes the books that have been written when the authors were in gaol. There is no other connection between them', and it would have boen exactly the same thing to have taken the books that have been writton by authors in bcd, or after dinner. Indeed we may hope, if this volnnie is SUCCOSBCUI, to have au account of books writton. by authors within two years after onming out of gaol. If a third volume -described books written within two years before . going into ga< l, the whole won d, make a very nico little series. Tho more wo think over tho matter, tho more pnzaloJ we are to say whether 'this or the hooiespun-phil- sophy method of book- making is,the eaiiost. It is true that page after page might be written off at a lightning pace on -such a theme as that popular preaching dees not -always stop irreligion ; but then the beauty of the .other method is that tho pagoj are already written. Directly the accident of a book being -written in prison has boon selected as the central thread, tho book is potentially t -written. Sir Walter Haleigh, for example, is known 'by"every one tb have written a book in prison. Ont cornea the volume of an Encyclopaedia! willi E, and down goes the life of a " Prison Author." Of course an author who is in the least up to his work invests tho accidental centre on which-he has pitched with a high moral meaning. ''J he -dark and lonely cell, we read in tho preface, has. become a holy place, which the song of the poet, the story of the novelist, tho truths of the philoso- pher, the prayers of the martyr, I the -aspirations of the < pitriot have glorified ; and from these glorifiers of tho prison a few have 'been taken." One of tho glorifiers of the prison to whom a large portion of the volume is devoted is Dr. Dodd, who, on the eye of being hanged for forgery, wrote a volume of sanctimonious trash which he called his P ison Though's. Tho moral purpose and the glory of the cell arc rather fob Beared here j but it would have been rather too marked if almost the only book written in prison that bore an allusion to the locality in its title had ;been excludod from the catalogue of that valuable «lass of literature. There ÍB, however, no reason why a book put together in this way should not bi readable and pleasant. "A writer may decide On compiling tho lives of the. first six porsons whose names he opons on ina dictionary, and yet ibis compilation may be interesting. This is the signal advantage of tho seconü method of bookmaking over tho first. Prison Book is a readable- volume 'in its way, for the author has not spoilt his ma-1 'tenais, and biographies of out-of-the-way people aro fair food for an idle hour ; whereas tho Un- | tfoptdar View seems to, us about as little worth reading as a book can be. Bookmakers, therefore, who havo not yet decided on their field of labour, will,we think, do well to profit by the comparison of these volumes, and had bettor toss up how they shall arrange portions of an onoyclopsadiar rather than moralize on the shortcomings of English flbolety. Awíüt. Paotrecxl-We will have oontrel ot tho cotton, and we will not lot England have a pound; and lt la admitted br her Press that lt abe does not get it her minufioturing intorosts will be luinod. Wo oan out off her entire trade with this oountry, and that would be death to her. Her subjects hold 600,000,000 dollars' worth of our stoats. At ons Btroko wo oould oonflsoate those, Huleas tua holders come and resida in thocountrj '.nd talco the ottti of allogiauoo. As thor would, for tho .moat pirt, emigráis in order to uavo tholr money, thero would bs oapltal to that amount transferred to thia 'Country for tho purpose of establishing new msnufso. .tutea. We oould bring half of Manohoater and Lan oasbirs hore, and, notwithstanding tho war, bualnoss would flourish while tho manufacturing and oommoralal «aterests of England would fall into ruin and dcoay. itt* York Berald. . H"í^"R o» Au?ann DB ViDn.-Yeatorday M. Alfred us Vidil, sontoooed to imprlaonment for eontompt of ?ooqrt, was xstsaaed from Newgate. Baverai rolatlvsa ware ia «Uoadanoe to rooelve him on his dlsohsrae. He looked pal« and in ill.bealth. The Baron, stillTan in* «.ta .( tbs noosa of Oorreotion is employed dally lu Picking c*kam. .Timè$, etotembar 10« 