'-a'? . ONvGUAKD. i~I cr/ESS that on the night when the Hundred and-, climb 'dined with us took a great deal more alcohol Jic drink than I should have done. Mr. Gough would t)3y,,ihat was very young ; lreplj,thai he is very right, Mr. G. n gilt add, that it there was no such stiffs beer, wine, or spirits to be Had, I could not have SO erred, and that, therefore, we should pass a Maine Liquor Law. I reply that by the same reason angering horses should be converted into sausages, to prevent people from running themselves on the turf; that money, which is the root of all evil, should at once be plucked out of human institutions that if there was no such thing as marriage, there could be no such thing as divorce and that a community of goods would prevent the possibility of theft. j 1 plead extenuating circumstances ; my present life, essences to me. Six months previously, I had been a quiet, dreamy, middle-aged married man, living in the country, and devoted to entomology, when there came that telegram from the heights of Alma, which gave the combative bump of every man and boy in England such a magnetic thrill that it has not left off tingling yet, end a hint from our lord-lieutenant' made me accept a commission in the militia, I was' now a smart, gay, young. bachelor lieutenant (Ihadi stills were somewhere, but was. there not a sentry on (the b«rr»ik-gate,?), one of the garrison of Eddystone, I and, on this particular evening, presidents the mess,! Our guests were officers of the king' who had just returned from India, and were seen going out to the Crimea, and I had to drink champagne with every one of them and I appeal to the soberest of mentor you, sir whether you could allow a cold, reasonable, i heartless, heeling to remain in your glass when you were drinking to a man who, in a few weeks, was to be shot atin your quarrel. And, after all, I was not very far gone. ! it is true that I sung among; but I want tombed " unassisted, wound up my! watch, and pulled off my boots. I also I remember my last thoughts before going to sleep, which were, that I was glad there was no early parade next morning, but BOTry that the room ' would go round and round, and round and round, like { a dry MaclBttom. ¡ | I had two remarkable dreams that night First, 11 fat in a tower III Jerusalem, which was being battered by the Romans, and at each heavy thud, thud of the room, I felt the walls tremble and shake, but did not care how soon they fell for we had been out of water for a month Then I was once more a little boy at school, and very thirsty at a short distance on", I could sir the pastry cook's with iced lemonade -written in letters of gold upon the window pane, and, lo 1 a thief c happy youth was draining a goblet thereof with an eagerness which raised my desire for drink to ninth i hS , but between the spot where I stood and the coveted draught was a blank wall, and it fifteen pace's therefrom stood h row of fifth form he is, with tennis balls in their hands Thump, thump, whack, thump came those balls about my ears, as, crouched against the wall, 1-1 woke, and discovered that some one was knocking, with the regular tangle punch of a Nasmyth hammer, at the door, and that my mouth and throat were too parched to tell him to come in However, I managed to utter some inarticulate cry, which was properly understood, and Sergeant Thomas For entered the room, closed the door brought his heels together, and saluted Like an old soldier and an intelligent man as he 10, Sergeant Thomson rightly interpreted mv glance at the cupboard, and going thither, he produced a bottle of soda water. (POD ' wobble, wobble, fresh '-and the sensations of juTE were crowded into the time it would have taken to count five for those few seconds, I was ml Paradise, but the sergeant soon dashed me to the earth a " "You are for guard, sir," said he, taking the empty tumbler from my hand "For' guard '-I a "YcslMr, Mr Arundel was taken ill last night, and youicomejiext. The adjutant says you must be on the square in half an hour ' ¡ " but, Ijnt-;¡I have never been on guard that is, I have only been as supernumerary " 1 " Must make a beginning, sir" , "I hope I am under a captain Is it the Dock-' "No sir, Lockman Dock-the Magazine, as it's called "Ah, well, the sergeant will tell me what to do who is the'" ' Don't know, sir, we don't find the guard " _ ""What and who do then I " "The mannes, sir, I believe," and he saluted and went J Giddy and ill as I was, I had to be on the square in half an hour's, who generally take an hour to dress , ! Our adjutant, who looked after his officers as a cat r after 1 (st kittens, or the captain it a college Sea ' after lub crew, joined me as left the barrack gate, and poured advice and encouragement into my ear. He told me that I knew all, I had to do, because we had' I pact and it previously, reminding me how we had I done. I out our own barrack square, relieving imaginary guards and visiting fahey sentries; then he explained everything minutely, informed me that I could not make a mistake fit was all so very simple, j but dan ped this encouraging assurance, with the re- minds r, and the general was very particular, and that any thunder or mine would be a disgrace to the reg fruit, and so we stayed at the parade there stood the different guards in a long red line; there were the colours, and the bond, and the brigade major, and then, in the distance, over watching the pro clings like a turn Jupiter the awful general, and there too, were a select body of ladies, nursery maids, and children, who had turned out thus early to see the show, which was pretty enough to those who were not actors therein, or who, being a cure actors, knew their parts, and had not sick headaches I fell in, and the band play 1d, and the colours were paraded up and down, and loton pretty well until we arrived at a part of the performance where the officers had to march right across the square, in blow tune, to their respective guards Now, I era keep step very well when in the ranks', because I move my legs when the others do, but my bump of time is, or ought to be, a dead level, and stepping with the band, now that I was all alone, was to me as physically impossible as waltzing had always been, 60 that, whenever I glanced at the officer of the adjoining guard, I found I was out of step and changed feet, and as this happened pretty often, my progress became one continuous haste, which must have given me an air of dancing across the parade But that was not all, my head was in such a whirl that I could not march straight to my front, so that when at last I reached the red line before me, I found that I had s somehow edged off to the wrong (card, and the howls of the brigade. major, while in WES running ignominiously about, trying to find my place, was something frightful to listen to i At last, the trooping was over, and as all the guards marched off I felt the pier A nobody could bully or interfere with me now, or I was in command, and as restrained through the streets, I felt at least two carcases taller, especially on passing a bow-window where three of the loveliest " How 1 It 1 ' roared a voice of thunder, which brought us up as sharp as if an iron wall had suddenly sprung up before UB" / x I jumped so that I dropped my sword v When I had picked it up, I discovered that an individual with a red face and gray whiskers, dressed in uniform with a cocked hat and a brass scabbard, Find mounted on a powerful big-boned horse, was pouring, at the. 1 , " "W by the occuR did you not carry arms to me, ' surer r rr eh" It is impossible to convey any idea of the accent he gave to that 'eh" I nearly dropped my sword again I "I beg your pardon, sir,"! said I, "I did not see"- I "than you ought to have seen, sir," he barked and digging his spurs into his horse, vanished like a flash of lightning "Who he was, what his rank, or whence he came, I know not, neither do I care But a glance at the bow-window showed me that I my discomfitinehftd proved a source of mirth to the occupants thereof, arid I felt bitterly towards the individual with the gray whiskers and powerful voice As I could not sink into the earth, a course I should certainly have preferred to adopt, there was nothing for it but to march on and in due time we reached the gates of the Lockman Dock, through which we stepped in slow time, with earned arms, the adjutant s directions coming into my head one by one as I wanted them The guard room was situated on the right, just inside the gates, and the old guard was posted at open order in front of it, I knew that the new guard must be drawn up facing them, so lied my men solemnly on "To the right form, sir ' ' cried the sergeant in a loud whisper, But I did not quite catch his meaning, and he thought it proper to go on a little further " Hallstrom ! ' cried and they halted and fronted ; but, alas, their backs were turned to the old (guard, in whose ranks, I think, I heard an insubor- donate giggle However, I counter marched my men, and then the old guard presented arms to us, and we presented arms to the old guard, and some of the new guard were, marched off to relieve the sentries, end I apologised to the old guard officer, a youth of eighteen, who graciously patronised me, and told me that I should do better another time.' He also kindly gave me a tip for the Cambridgeshire Stables arid imparted other valuable information,! until williams sentries'being-'gathered in, he marched his party off, and behind him were closed i and barred! those gets beyond which, it was unlawful for me to! pass for the cyclone hours. I As a centralizing, the fact of being confined in any particular place, however pleasant, would make me! long to get out of it, but at present I had no such .yUh% for the novelty of the position had a romantic charm about it which quite reconciled me to the in prisonment. Twenty-two marines. some of them bronzed and decorated men, who had braved for! several years the battle and the breeze, were under my, ct minded and it was my first taste of power, for! being a quiet man and a hen-pecked, it had never occurred to me to exercise authority at home. Then, I was in a responsible position; no one could come into the dock-yard without my permission, and if he insisted on forcing his way by climbing over the wall or otherwise, I might-might I order him to be bayoneted ? Yes ; 1 might certainly do so, and the ' sentry would probably obey me, but should I be hung I for giving such an order ? ' . This being a point worthy of serious consideration, j I took the board of orders down from the mantel- piece, and seating myself on a truckle bed, which with a table, two chairs, an inkstand, a pen a grate, { a coal-scuttle, and a broken poker, formed the furni- a turn of the guardroom, commenced an investigation, of the duties of my position, which led to a further severe upon my present dignity, and the magnitude of the interests confided to my charge; one of them being a powder- magazine of so ticklish a constitution, that the smoking of a pipe in the guard-room, a quarter of a a mile off, could not be indulged in without running ¡ the risk of blowing up half the town, with a fair proportion of those gun-boats and frigates for which we pay such a tidy little bill every year and the ' idea of the bare possibility of the taxes of the country is being increased by any such negligence of mine, made j me shudder. While cogitating in this way, I began to experience certain uneasy sensations in the region of the stomach, which by and by resolved themselves. into a v earning for tea, and bread and butter, and in due time it occurred to me that I had not breakfasted. "What was to be done ? I had not seen my servant before leaving the barrack square, and as I had selected the lad for his honesty rather than his Intel- ¡ ligence, I knew he would never come to look after me , without express orders to that effect. I must have patience ; but yet, what was the use of that? Patience 2 is a very good thing for the toothache, because one j lives in hopes of its going off ; but hunger never " goes off." Well, well, it was no great hardship after all to go ' without breakfast for once. The worst of it was, that the difficulty would recur at dinner-time. These dismal reflections were broken in upon by the sergeant, who appeared at the doorway, and asked if I would choose to visit the sentries, which I forth- with began to do and as I varied the amusement by investigations of all the objects of interest in the place, it took me a couple of hours to go the rounds. First of all, I came to a large building where boiler- i plates were- being drilled round the edges with small ' holes for the mess and I stood for along time watch- ing the punch pressing out the little circular bits of iron with that ease and neatness peculiar to the irre- | sistible force of steam, till a workman of whom 11 asked some question remarked, that one would think J it was going into so much cheese, and the mention of that comestibles was too much for" a famished Welshman. Not far from this workshop, I came up- | on my first sentry, who reported arms and proceeded to i repeat his orders, which were printed up in his sentry- j -box. There were under his care a crowbar, which he is as to give up when requested to the dock-yard police, and a life-buoy, which he was to throw to any one whom he saw struggling in the water. He was also to challenge any one who approached his post after dark to fire off a blank ' cartridge in case of fire and above all, to allow no one to smoke either on the wharf or on board the shipping moored off it. All this he repeated in a I breath; like a child saying its catechism ; and passed on,<andfspcnt half an hour in watching the prodigies! performed by a Volcanic hammer, though, if Vulcan! can hit half as hard as that, I pity poor Venus when! be comes home jealous and necessary. Then came an interview with another sentry; then I watched the process of raising a three-decker that would not sail into a frigate that would after which a carne more] (entries, all of whom told their little tale so exactly, in the same way, that I grew weary, and determined to " dodge" the next. "This was a tall, sturdy ted-' faced lad, evidently not long from the plough, who! When I came upon him round a corner was standing gazing into his sentry-box, _ reading the" orders there] Sprinted up, evidently cramming for~~_ÍB approaching! examination. On hearing my footsteps, be faced' about, and ported his arms'. " JJ you JU-iwynnr orders ?" said I of- " Ees.sifj'/.he replied. , , j ; " Well. tension man fell off that vessel into the water, and you saw that he was drowning, what would! yourself'" " . " ? .? ' I Podrfellowj never say more utter and hopeless be« aldermen expressed on mortal face. I repeated the question in as clear and simple a way as 'I Could ,"' " I " Give 'us the crowbar !" he at length replied. ' j As I tried to explain to him the inutility of a crow-bar to a drowning man. ' , Fire a blank cartridge at 'un " was his second! guess, and I gave him up in despair. I Only after that.Ididnotwalkso close to the edge of the quay as I had been previously doing! ' i At some little distance from the workshops and dry] docks, but close to the water edge, stood a square,! low, windowless stone-building, encompassed on the underside by a dry month, in which perambulated a marine. This stone building was the Magazine, and as my board of orders directed me to examine whether there were any marks of lucifer matches on the walls,' I descended into the boat, and commenced a careful! scrutiny. 2 "The door is around here, sir ! " cried the astonished! sergeant, evidently thinking that I was searching for the entrance, which was certainly small. On my | rejoining him he pulled an iron handle, which produced a distant ghostly tickle, and it was not without a certain trepidation that I heard a footstep, and the jingling of many keys, for I expected, on entering, to find myself in a low dark vault piled with loose ' i gunpowder, as a granary is with corn, and was rather ' I disappointed although relieved, when the guardian of the place ushered me into an open courtyard, surrounded by stone cells with iron doors. When I had I interrogated the sentry who was pacing this court, I was conducted through two gates, which were carefully locked behind us, to a dismal place where were j a flight of steps leading down to the water, and here another sentry was posted, whom I pitied: for I should not myself like to be looked out from the world by three doors in such a place. But what of the man with the keys, who let me in and conducted me round? Does he live in that place ? Has he a wife and family ' "anywhere,? Is his life insured and if so, is it in a fire or life office, and what premium does he pay ? ' villas he ever known the joys of tobacco ? Is it lawful for him to feed upon anything more inflammatory than the Revalenta Arabica ? I own that I breathed more freely as stepping out of the Magazine, and taking my sword, which I had had to leave outside, from the Sergeant, I bent my steps back to the guard-room The walk had been highly interesting, but it had sharpened my appetite woefully. I had no books, but my predecessor had fortunately left behind him a plentiful supply of writing paper, with which I proceeded to draw up the report which had to be sent in on the following morning, culling the different parts of it from various forms which were hung about the room, with a glorious uncertainty about what was for my own private instruction, and what for the official information of my superiors. This whiled away some time, and then an admiral came into the yard, and the guard had to be turned out in his honour ; after which it was time to revisit the sentries and so the day wore away. Night came, and I was left alone with two tallow dips, and my own reflections, which were those of a pike. Yet I i might have sat down to a dinner a la Rune, for was i it not open to me to devour those tallow dips ? True ; but I am a man who thinks slowly, and must confess that the idea did not, occur to me. I was now tired as well as hungry, which would have been the greatest of sons, could I have gone to sleep, but this I dared not do, for the field-officer might come on his rounds at any minute, and I had made mistakes enough in the morning, without adding to those mis- demeanours a lack of vigilance, which would keep a superior waiting at night ; so I selected the hardest chair, placed a pebble on it, laid my sword and shake on the table in such a position that they could be' caught up at a moment's notice, and commenced a came at tit tattoo, single-handed ; but finding that this pastime of my childhood was not so exciting as memory had painted it, I exchanged it for the south tion of very long and very hard sums. The officer I had relieved in the morning had informed me that the P. O. generally came at about midnight, so that there' was not so much time to kill ; and though the hours' seemed to be paying me the compliment Of approach- ing in slow time, twelve o'clock came at last.' Now I councils. I One o'clock. No rounds. I ihtnTerrembered that there was a ball going on. at the port-admiral's, and that, most likely, the field officer was there, and would 'take me on his way home ; so, with a sigh at the thought that at that moment he was probably sitting down to supper, I began another sum. "If a major who has dined at seven, ord danced "till one, can hear two wings of a chicken, three ounces of ham, four players" eggs, and a roll ; how much can a subaltern, who has fasted for thirty hours, eat ?" I Two o'clock. The pebble beginning to make itself unpleasant. I unwisely removed it, and almost instantly lost sight of paper and figures. " Guard, turn out!" cried the sentry. I jumped up, overturned- the- table, grasped my sword and shake, which I put on hind side before, rushed out of the room, and just reached my place in time to receive the F. O. properly. ' " All right, sir ?" said he " All right, sir," said "All present?" "All present." " Good bright ;" and he turned his horse's head. At that moment, an unlucky marine who had been unable on first waking; to find'his'musket;'caine' tumbling out of the guard-room, and' took his place in the ranks. The officer turned upon me like wasp,! "I thought you said they were" all presenting!", said he. " I did not seem began. ' ' ' ' " Then you ought to have seen ; mind you are more careful another time." % , , , i This was the second time, in twenty-four hours, that I had been told before all my men, that I ought! to have seen" and this time the reprimand came from a man at least five years my junior, fot I had! recognised an old schoolfellow who had been my fail However, I was too sleepy to suffer much from shame ' or indignation, so I paid one more visit to my sentries, and threw myself on the truckle bed, where I slept hard until roused in the morning by an orderly who had come for my report. > Alas, alas 1 in knocking over the table the night before, I had spilt the ink all over that unhappy document, and there was no time to copy it ! It was hurried away, like poor Hamlet's father, with all its blots upon it, and was consequently doomed, like that famous ghost, to wander about and haunt me for as it turned out, I had by no means seen the last of that orderly, who kept bringing me curt messages and rejected manuscripts all day. However, he went off for the time, and shortly afterwards the new guard' arrived, and soon I was wending my happy way to a barracks and to Irtakfast.- Chambers. 