h - i! ?. i : CHAITTER V. . ...i Tho morning «un »mite» upon a mottoy troop tourneying toward! the, Danube. ' ; Two or throe lithe, lupine' urchin», bounding ' Biid dancing along with half-naked oodles, and bright '?black eye» shining through knotted elf-lock*:, form the advanced guard.. Jlall'-a-dozon donkey» acorn to onrry the whole property of the tribe. Tho main body con- sista of slnowy,, aotiye-looklng men, and strikingly handsome girls, all walking with tho freo, graooful air and olastio galt peculiar to thoso whose I Ivos are passed entirely in activo oxercisc, under no roof but Uat of heaven. Dark-browed women in tho vorv meridian of beauty bring up . tho roar draggling or carrying a raro of swarthy progeny, all alike dist inguished for tho sparkling eyes and raven hair willoh with a cunning nothing can overreach, and anaturd nothing can taino, seem to bo the peculiar inheritance of, tho gipsy. Their oostumo is. (-triking, not to say grotesque. Borne ef the girls, and all tho matrons, bind their brows with various coloured handkerchiefs, which form a very picturesque and not unbecoming head-gear ¡ whilst In a few instances ootns oven of gold are strung amongst the Jetty locks of the Zingyni boantles. The men aro not so particular in their attire. Ono slnowy fellow wears only a goatskin .shirt and a string of beads around bis nock, but tho generality aie ola! in tho ooaree cloth of tho country, mitoh tattered, and bearing evident symptoms of weither and wear. Tho little mischievous urchins who aro slinging round tholr mothors' nooks, or dragging baok from their mothors' bands, ai d holding on to tholr mothers' skirts, aro almost naked. Small heads, and hands, and feet, all the m arks of what wo aro accustomed td term -' nigh hirth, mro hereditary among tho gipslos i and wo doubt if the Queen of the South horsolf was a moro .queenly-looking personage than th» dame now marohing.in tho midst of tho throng, and conversing earnestly with her oornpunl<)n-a rosoluto- looklng man, searco entering on thtf primo of life, with aglpsy oomploxlou, but a boarlng.ln whloh it la i not difficult to reooifulso tho soldier.,. Ito la talking to his protootross-for auoh abo la with a military, .frankness anti vivaolty, whloh evori to that royal persoliiige, accustom'od though' »ho bo to oxaot all tho respect duo to ber rank,1 appears by no mean» dlsploailng. \- ; -it i-it't iv, a-,:, it.t 'i ? . I I« tl. vi il ou! r; .",'.» ;« . D' . The lacy ii rr ruing on the autumn of her charms (thi summe;' . mu«t neve been searching indeed I) » though ' masculine beauty, U . beauty neverthele Blsck-'irowed in nb*, »liri de»p -nnluuied. with nj of> fir?, and look« of Jet, eran noir Huting with 'grev. Straight and regular »re her featur "and the-wide mooth, with iti atront,, even dapllng tee! betoken« an energy and force of will whiclf would do'orec to th a other sex. She has the face of a woman that won dare muob, labour much, everything but loue much. S ought to bo a queen,'and abe t« one, none the les« dospol for ruling over a tribe of gipsies ¡astead of a civilised cor munit). i . ?' : ' 1 ' Nono dispute my word here,' says she, 'and my word pledged to bring yon to the .Danube. Let me see a soldi of them «ll lay a band upon you, and yon shall see tho gip brood show their teeth. A long kriif.i is no bad weapon , OIOBO quarters. When you have got to the top of the whe you will remember me I". '. ' ..The soldier laughed, and lightly replied, ' Toura are tl sort of 'eyes one does not easily forget, mother.' I wish .Were a prince of the blood in yow' nation. Aa I am situât* now, I eau only be dazzled by so much beauty, and go rc ways.' ' . '! ' :.''., The woman checked bim sternly, almost savagely, thong a few minutes before she bad brou listening, half amused, i his gay'and.not very respectful conversation. i 'Hu«h!' she said; 'trifler. Once moi el say, when tl wheel'has turned, remembor, me. Give me your hand; can read it plainer so.' 'What, mother !' laughed out her companion. ' Evei i gipsy can tell fortunes ¡minehas been told many a time, bi it bevor carno true,'.' ii . '" . ?' ' "i She was studying the'lines' on his palra with oarnei attention. She raised her dark oyes angrily to his face. ' 'Blind r blind I', aho answered, in a low, eager tom ,' Tho best of you cannot1 soe a yard . upon your way. ' Loo at' that white road, winding and winding many a mile befoi us upon tho plain. : Because it is flat, ' and soft, and amoot as far os we Can see, willi thero.be no hills on our Journey no rocks to out our feet-rio thorns totear our limbsÎ .Ca .you seo Üie,Danube rolling ofifor, far before us Î Can yo see.the.river you'wfll have to crosf* some? dny.i or cari .you to! mo'wbere it lends? < I havo .'the map of' our journey here i my'brain ¡"I hove the map of your career hare on your ham] ?Once more I say, when the chiefs aro in 'connell,' and th ,hosts aro molting like ,'snow 'before the sun, and tho oort , quakes,,'and the beavens are Ailed with thunder, and,th .shower that falls scorches, and crushes,- and blasts-romem b-r mol I follow the lino of wealthy. .Man of .gold!'spoi on '; bore: a horsey there a diamond ;. hundreds to uphold ih right, thousands to spare the « rong ; both hands' full, ' B'IK brood lands near a city of nalaoos, and ó king's favour,, ant a nation of, slaves . beneath thy foot. 1 follow the line o pleasure : Costly amber j ? rich embroidery j dark oyes melt- ing for, the Croat i 'glanoos unveiled ?' for' the.shaven lead many.'and loving, and beautiful ¡ a garland of roses, all foi one-rose by rose pluokod, and withered, and thrown away ; ons tenderr bud .remaining ;ohorish it till.it, blows, and wear it till it dies. I follow tho lino of blood i it lead« towards the'rising snn-oharging squadrbris.'wlth ' lances in rest;' arid*"a~wild"shout In à strange' tongue';' arid the,.dead wrapped in grey, with oharra and amulet that we're tpowerless to save; and,.hosts of many nations^ gathered hy the sea-pestilence,' '¿famlnéj''; 'despair'' lind victory. Bisin'g on the whirlwind, "chief among' qhiefa, tho honoured' of ' leaders, .the counsellor of .princes remember erne 111Bat ha,'I the 'line Is 'crossod. ' Beware I trust not,, tho sons of.. theJ adopted. land ; 'when ,.tho lily is on thy^roajtt beware of the dusky , shadow ! on tho . wall ;. beware, and remember mo !' ! Í The gipsy stopped, and clung to bim exhausted. For1 a few paces she was unable to "support horself :, the proph'etio mood past, there wai a reaction, and all her powers seemed to fail ber at once ; bnt'her companion walked on in silonce. .The eagerness- of., the fytloness had impressed even, his strong, practical nature, and he .'seemed himself to look into futurity as'he muttered, ' If man can wiri it, I will.' '" > .i.Tho'glpsios travolled but slowly; and although the sun was already high, they hod not yet placed many'miles between tho fugitive and the castle. This, however, was i of no great , importance, ' His disguise was so complete, that few would have recoitnlsed lb tho tattered; swarthy vagrant, \'the 'smart, soldier-like travollor who had arrived1 the previous evening at Edeldorf. from tho conversation I had overheard,in the Ghost's Callory, I waa alone in the secret; whiob; strange to say, I forbore to confide oven fo rby friend "Victor. " But I could not forget tho steward and his son 1 it 'was my first glimpse into the romance of real life,.arid 1 could not help feeling» painful interest in his fortnnes, and an enger.desiro to soo him at least safe off with his motley company. ' I, was rejoiced, therefore, at Victor's early! pro- posai, made the very instant wo had - swallowed our break- fasts, that we should tuko a ride ; and notwithstanding I my; misk>ivlni(S about a strange pony, for I was always timid on horseback,r-I .willingly,accept od his offer"of1 a1 mount, and 'umped into the Baddie almost as readily as ray little obrar pamon, a tnio Hungarian, with whom, < I»; ( Like Mad Tom. tue. chlofiMt caro, > -. , ,' . -, ; ?' ? ' iJfM hors* to Udo anil,woapqu wear. j \- Of course, Victor had o completo establishment of ponies belonging,to hlrosolf ; and oqually of course, ho had detailed to me at great length their 'several merita and peculiarities;'' with an autbo'ntio biography of his favourite-a stlir little oheanut, rejoicing-in the name of,' Gold-kind,', which, eigiii-, fVing as it does > tho golden-child,' or darling, he seemed to think an exceedingly happy allusion td the obosuut skin and endearing qnnlities of his treasure. ?..,,,"". ' ¿ i( ? : . Fortunately, my pony was very quiet; and although, when mounted,, my playfellow' went, oft at score, wo were soon Borne - miles from: Kdoldorf, .without. any"oVcnt'ooouirJug to unset my own equilibrium or the sobriety bf;'ray!>teed. Equally fortunately, wo took the road 'by which ihe gipsies had travoliod. Ere long wo overtook the cavalcade afti wound slowly,along the plain. ..Heads were bared to .Victor, and blowings cuilled down upon the family of De Kohon, fur tho old count was ät all times a friend to the friendless, and a refuge to the poor. . i .V-H-T l-l ' 'Good luck to you, young Count! shall I tell your fur tune V. said one.'. " *'. -' -'> !" '?<. ' j .<?« ' Little honourable cavalior, give me your, hand,' and ? dross it with' a " zwanlsigur," . said another. \ . , .Bo sllont, children, and lot me speak to tho ybnng Do Rohan,'1 said < the gip»y qtteon i and aho laid her hand'upon his hridlo, and fairly brought Gold- kind t<» a hutt. ',, ' v Victor looked half afraid, although ho bogan to laugh. ' Let mo go,' said he, tugging vigorously >t' his reins ¡ ' papa desired me not to have my fortuno told.' 'Not by à common Zincynio,' urgod tho queen, archly; ' but I am tba mother of all these. My pronty boy, I was at your christening, and havo held you in my arms many a timo. Let mo tell your happy fortuno.' ; '? Viotor began to relent. '". If VOTO will havo his told first, I will,'said he, turning half bashfully, half eagerly to mo. I;proffered my i hand readily to tho gipsy, end, crossed it with ono of tho two pieces of silver willoh constituted tho wholo of my worldly wealth. . Tho gipsy laughed, and bott an to prophecy in German. There are some ovents a' child novar forgets ; and I remom'lier every wotd sho said os well as if.it bod boon spoken yesterday. ! 'Over Ute sea, and again over tho sea ; thon shalt'know grief and hardship and losses, and tho dove shall bo driven from ¡ts nest. And tho dove's heart shall buoomo liko tho eagle's,' that files alone, and floshcs bor beak in the : slain. Boat on, though tho poor wings bo bruised by tho tempest, and tho breast bo soro, and tho heart sink ; boat on against tho wind, and seek no shelter till thou find thy rottlng-^Iaco atlast. Tho timo will oome-only boat on.' Tho woman laughed as sho »poko ; but there was a kindly tono in her voice and a pitying look in her bright eyes that wonk straight to my heart. Many a timo since, in life, when the storm has indeed booti boisterous and tho wings so weary,'have I thought of those words of encouragement, ' The timo will come-- beat on.* . It was now Viator's turn, and he orossod his palm with a golden ducat oro bo proscnted it to tho sibyl. This was of itself sufficient to insuro him a magnificent future; and as the queen perused tho linos on his soft little hand, with Its pink fingers, she indulged in anticipations of mngnifloenco proportioned to the haudsomo donation of the ohild. 1 . '.Thon shalt'bo a "Do Rohan,'1 my darling, and. I can Íiromiso theo no brighter lot,-broad noros, and blessings rom tho poor, and iiorsos, and wealth, and honours. And tho sword sholl spare thee, and tho battlo turn asido to lot thee pass. And thou shalt wed a fair brido with dark eyes i and a queenly brow t butbowaro of St. Hubert's Day. Birth [ and burial, hirth and burial-bowaro of Bt. Hubert's Day.' " ' But I want to bo a soldier,' cxolnlmcd Viator, who seemed moah disappointed at the futuro which was prognosticated for. bimi the De .Hobans wero,,always soldiers. jMothof can't yon make out I sholl bo a soldlor!' still holding tho littlo hand open. . . -, ? !.. ' Forewoll, 'my children,' was tho only answer vouchsafed by tho propbotoBs. ' I can only' read, I oannot wrltot furo wol).' And setting the troop in order, abo motioned to them to continue their raaroh without furthor delay.' I took advantago of tho movement to prose near my aa qnalntanoo of tho day boforo, whom I bau not failed to re- cognise in his gipsy garb. Foor fellow, my ohlldish heart bled for him, and, in a happy moment,. I bethought mo of niy remaining bit of sllvor. I stooped from my pony and kissed his forohoad, wbllo I aquooaed tho coin into bis bnnd without a word. Tho toara came into tho desertor'» oyes. ' God bless you, ilttlo matt I I »hall never forget you.' was all he said ; but I observed, that ho blt the ooln with his largo, strong tooth HU it wo» nearly double, and thou placed lt carofully in hi» bosom. Wo turned our ponies, atm wera soon ont of sight ; btttl nevor breathed a syllable to Victor about tho fugitive, or the »toward, or tho Ghost's Gallery, for two whole days, Human' natura oould koop tho aocrot I no longer. j 