BRISBANE. frEOM OUB OWS CHUBESPOKOEST.l Sir George Itowen left town on Tuesday morning tn moke his aimaii progress — tliis year through tlw Burnett District, returning by way of Marybornnsh Aconnpunying him are the C'llonial-Treasurer, nli-- I imagine, intends giving to bis constituents an »?' connt of his stewardship ; aud Lieutenant iili^h. with some nitive police, tn act as bndy-gnard. In reply to addresses, n' duubt. the inhabitants «f tba! district— like those of tlie Darling Downs, last year — will, in the pompous and flirid elooneuce of his Kxcellency. lie assured of tlie gratification felt by him in witnessing the eh-ineuts --fcl--|;ance and refinement everywhere throughout the district; -if his having been reminded, by noun' of the -cenery lie witnesoed, of spots famed in classic history ; « lid, should be during his tonr have been visited by the ♦Ghost or Itiin IU11,' tliat that apiisiiiliini brought forcil'ly to his mind tbe appearance -if Cesar's sinist to Brn'tns. in hit tent on the plains iifSanlis. Whe ther JliM be the case or out, it i» much tu In-. Ijuji.-d that the visit will mult in something more bent- filial to the district tlmii the novelty of vice-regal ovations, and iu being praised fur the'loyalty of its inhabit ants. After a long cessation fmm anything in the shape of racinj sport in ltrisbane, an aniniuuci-in--i,t appears in l!i« nrisbanejonnials of a JiunJle-racr, xhich i9 t« come off on the Brisbane Bace- omrae «n the 6rti of Jannary. Frnm the list of stenards, and the -juiet manner iu which tlie arrangements have ln-en made, the raorcment appears To be more exclnsivo than popular. Speaking of public amnsi-iucuts, I have not yet heard of auy preparation bring made for the Celebration of Scpimtiou Day. although it is now high time that a Commencement was made, if a regatta b ? inteuded., ?. On the mmion oT Alderman Cribb. it was npsolrrd br the Mnnicipal Council, on Blondaj- lust, to nufee application tn -«ivcrottii:nt tn build a slip fnr the re pair of vessels in die Dock' Reserve. Should tlnGi vemment accede to this request— whidi. donUlesK, Uiey will —and commence the work iimiirdiatulr, a great want will lie supplied tn tile rapidly increasing trade of the port, as several vessels needing repays have of late date beeu much inconvenienced and -U- layed by tlie absence of a slip fin which to place them, nnd as the increased iiiMnrauce premiums arising from this deficiency deters the otvuers of gouij vessels from placing them in the'trade. Tlie first twenty bales of this year's clip of wool arrived in Drisluuc on Tuesday, fmm (be xtation of Mr. T-. Morris. Rnscviile, and were shipped to Syduey per fTiratah. au Wednesday. Wednesday's Guardian states that — 'Tlie deposits received bv the Immigration Agent during l!ie quar ter ending September 30ib amounted to £4906 : tif which £317 were under tiie remittance system, which was renewed on the 9tli August. Of the remainder. £2S0n were paid fnr nominated immigrants, and £2286 fnr immigrants to be selected ny tiie Ooveru tnent agent in England. OT immigrants bate beeu applied for tinder the guarantee system, this year, by 11 employers, who will -pay hall' tlie passage on tlie arrival of the immigrants, and the balance at the expiration of their service.' The weather during the week has been excessively warm in Brisbane; so much *-?, tlat heavy clothing is quite the exception, and light tile order of the day. As a necessary consequence, --ur pustnien bave cant their skins .if'MacV. d-rtli witli redcuffi aud tkciugs, for white linen and red facings. Tlie Board of General Education have accepted M. Trevan's contract for tile complctiou of the Koruial School f»r £3930. A Imating-club, to be known as tie 'Queensland B-wling-Clnb.' has been formed in Urisbane. It al ready numbers above sixty inemb--.rq. and a meeting will b« beld at the Queenslnnd Clr.ii-Imuse, on Sluu dav next. t-i adopt bvc-laws and elect niemUers. A valuable addition to the breedlng-stnd of the cnlouv has arrived in Brisbane o ithjn the last week, the V'aratoh having brought with her. on Saturday last a fine. bull, tlie snu «f tbe famous 'liuticrflv.' imported from England by the La Uvgae. at theest of£400tn tlie omier. Jlr. A. W. Couipigue; *uA2B pure nierinn ranis, fmm Gennanv per OrastOrouK, winch are worth from £S0 tn £i(W each. The initiative in ball practice was taken yesterday by the Free Hiaes. 21 of that company having been marched out to the Four-iuile Snamplucouipete fnr a Terrv'a breech'-li-ailing rifle giveu by thrir cnmmaiider. Mr. K. E. Dniry. Tlie coui|ieti!..re. after goiug thmnghjthcir usual parade »t the liar racks, and receiviuj dbeir snpply afanimuniiion. left the barracks abnnt 8. and were rowed across to the South Brisbane ferrv steps, whence they marched to the selected praetice-cround at the Four-mile Swiuau. Each man provided Ms owu refreshment, iu addiiinn to which O'Brii-u. miuehiwtofthe Volnuteers' Anus, nas present with a plentiful supply of umre s,timc latiog liqnids than crnild be i.btainrd on the gnniud. The wuminiir, as originally intended, cumiirised firing at four distances, viz.. ISO. 200. 250. and 300 yards, but, owing to a want of time, was confined to the 6rsttwo— the first being simply f..r practice, the second to decide tbe superiority or tlie conipetiturs for tlie prize. Fitmi die following listpf tlie scoring, it will be seen that the highest »cnie in both cases nrasthatof Capuin Drury. who. being the duuor of the price, handed it over to tlie next best own. Sergeant Cadden. 1» Ttsw. Total. UentenantFCtrie ? O 0 0 0 £ — S Uatoiit Cxsmnmct. S 3 1 0 S _ 8 Sasuat Barns ? 13 110 _ « Corporal VAb ? 2 1 1 1 | _ . rriTUfShPilrlnu ? 8 0 0 11 _ 5 „ iluirliy ? 0 2 8 0 0 _ » Caunau ? I S 1 1 I *- « Z V.S. Uall ? I 1 1 1 1 _ ? 6 » Tlooten ? 2 1 0 I 0 _ 4 ' Wakefidi ? 2 2 3 1 2 _ 10 „ JolmSnsrd ? 1 0 S 1 0 «. * J Tlall- ? 0 I O 1 1 _ » Z Woollen. ? 0 10 10 U ' 3 Z liylor ? 0 10 0 2 — S Badioe ? 0 0 0 0 S „_ 3 SooO-!!! ? 0 10 0 1 _ 2 ' Lvnch ? 0 3 2-32 _ 10 „ BT.ire ? 0 0 2 0 1 _ ? „ O-Brira ? 0 0 2 0 0 _ S „ Cumine ? 0 0 2 0 0 _ 2 StTKOujt CuMen ? 1112 0 _ . S Captaia Drary ? 112 2 3 ? » AT UK) Vans. IjrotraitmtTWrit ? e 0 0 0 0 _ 0 „ Onamwitx. 1 1 1 0 0 — 3 Serscsnt Bums ? 0 0 0 I 1 — S Corporal «-M- ? 0 4 1 0 » — 1 PliratcSbekMoB ? 0 » 0 1 1 — 2 „ Murphj ? 0 0 110 _ 2 B Cannai ? 0 0 10 0 _ 1 „ W.S. 11*11 ? 0 0 0 13. _ 4 „ Donlau ? 0 0 0 0 0 — O n ' WakeSeld ? fl 0 0 I 0 — I , Goqrd ? 0 0 O S 0 _ 2 J Hall ? 0 0 111 — S „ TOxftlctt— ? » 0 0 O » _ O „ 3*vior ? o 0020 _; s _ Beadiar ? 10 0 11 „ 3 „ sooa ? ; ? i o o o o _ i „ lynch ? 0 2 0 0 0 „ 2 „ Bo« ? : ? O I O 1 1 „ 4 Z OTSrieo ._- ? C 1 O O « _ S „ Coming ? 0 10 0 0 — 1 Eerpamt raddco. ? 3 110 0 _ S tiptain Drnrj- ___-.- 110 3 1 _ t r% _ . - -T During the day. the grbnnd was visited by a num ber of equestrian visitors »nd, had tbe distance bwQ less, tbe spot more certainly known, and theireatlier less ararm, thera would bave probably been a gnonly collection of ^spectators, both equestrian and pedes trian. I perceive, from Hie Courier, that Mr. H. S' Warry has given a limidsoinely ifinisiied Terry** rifle to be competed for by the No. I Company, vuder Captain Dudgeon. KABBrrw Escape or MB.T--BirER. — Mr. W. Turner, of Belidon. was in town on Mouday last and pnr cbased a horse, which lie mounted. Not liking 'the uneasy movements of undeveloped tcrdencii*' «.f Us new purchase, and tiacing two lmrees to lead, be -requested Mr. Alford to ride with liim for a short distance. They had scarcely gat over tlie bridge in Margaret-street when Mr/Turner's linrse went into 'figures iu a style that sluin-ed die same was not w*r to him. and after a few mauds of tbe. worst style of bucking. vEx- rideways. Mr. Turner was brought to grief. Mr. Alford caught the horse, and Mr. Turner, not beingthesort of ainan to give in, mounted ajnin. Before they got to the tup of the Range, they' met aome drays, and Mr. Turucr'a .hone appareutly'tak ing Umbrage at tbe cracking of crbips, aet-to again with victnus *SetenninaH.-n. Mr. Turner, tliouga * heavy weight is an excellent rider, and be stock to tlie pigskin manfully for come time, but was, at. last brought .heavily to tbe .ground. The home after kicking Tor some time, as if to make snre of bis vic tim, -went off with tiie 'saddle and bridle on. On go ing up to Mr. Turner.' Mr.' Alford found him stunned aud almost lifelesB. and as it was some minutes be fore be recovered sufficiently to return to ii)ie ,Kx ?change Hotel, wlicrc he obtained a siddlt frbm.Mr. Mole and rode on one of bis old lurses borne. We are glad to learn that SI r.Tnroer was not aoserimifily itgored as from the full --f an heavy a man Tmin a 'huckjumpur inigbt Wibxprcted. ' Me must, 'however. have been severely, bruised and slialeu. The saddle has -riuce' been found but not the liQTae.—liajii»g Dtnais OazeOe. '*'??'? '?'?' ' . . , 