FROM OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT. Loudon, December 26, 1860. HE weather lately has been very severe in this great Babylon of sooty bricks, and my milkman lias to break the ice on the top of his pailb before he can measure out my pennyworth these Cold mornings. One advantage in the peculiar constitution of London milk has appeared under these circumstances, for the milkman has only to take a bit of ice fiom the pail to make a chalk memorandum against hie. Butchers' meat is very dear, too, —they charge you just the same for a steak as formerly, but if you want a tidy lunch, you must order four steaks, and potatoes for two. I know a Somerset House clerk who gets eighty pounds a-year, and expects a rise of ten pounds in 1864, and he takes a penny loaf and Cheep's trotter to the office every day in consequence of the pressure of the times. Still we have much to be thankful for; the organ-grinders are besieging Gaeta, and Mr. Huskin's contribution to the " Cornhill Magazine," has come to an end. It is said that Thackeray gave Rtiskin twenty pounds each for commencing those papers, and now he has given him fifty pounds to leave off. You will not be surprised to hear that the success of the "Temple Bar Magazine''following on the flourishing state of the " CornhiU" lias originated the notion of a " Charing Cross" new monthly to compete with the other two. It is to be entirely filled with ghost stories, illustrated by pre-Haphaelhe artists; in recognition of rising popular taste. Francis Bomba, Esq., is daily expected in Leicester-square. The Pope is still at Rome, and is engaged, with the help of an English dictionary, in the diligent perusal of Mr. Blair's lively brochure on the Lost Secret of Christianity. Austria is hard up, and you must not be surprised if, in the spring, her chief creditor, Victor Emmanuel puts an execution in and takes Venice. France is putting one hundred thousand more men into red trousers, and borrowing lots of money upon accommodation bills, so the Emperor evidently has another " idea" in his head to he carried out at an earf^ period. An eminent geographer who is bringing out a new atlas, purposes to leave the map of Europe to the last, as Napoleon may have fresh notions about a readjustment of boundaries at ; any moment. President Lincoln's election has knocked down the price of slave property, and so much stock has been pressed into the market, that fat niggers ai e not worth but a mere fraction of what they used to be. The settlers can't boil then? down xery well, but they may get something from their wool. It has been stated in the papers that Mr. Lincoln stands six feet four in his stoeicings, but the r-ummr is without foundation, as a special correspondent of a New York paper has ascertained that the new President invariably wears socks. The President shews no whisker outside, although the difficulty of shaving is increased considerably by his chin and cheek having the wrinkled surface of a dried Normandy pippin. President Buchanan is to have a testimonial on retiring from office, a silver spittoon or something of that sort, and subsides into private life j and the domestic assistant who opens the door at the White House will remove from his coat those extra big brass buttons which constitute the nearest approach to a livery per- trfttM fc?^eRepubllcwaiHilte, too, .<vrfll *-etif e i&to; quietude; We havtethenew ; bronze coinage at last. small arid > convenient to carry, cleanly to fianiife, and not quite SD unwholesome fur little children to suekje^jjtefcMly^wtien- Jpoor -people Sgifffe their: babies a halfpenny ^ asfisV'the UttlS innocent® ineiittiag tbeir teethi. The new coinage pays mint expenses very .amply* being rather light for the value represented. But theywon't make such a g&od; thing of it as Louis Napoleoli did -when he brought out< his beautiful little two-sous, and bagged enougholdcopper to make a match for the column in the Place Vendonte The street beggars now sue for a lictlebit of bronze; and the red-shirted shoe-blacks, who look like young Garibaidiaiis, when they rush into a shop for change, Ignore the existence of copper, and ask for sixpenny worth of bronze. * You don't appear to have hit upon a. big nugget lately at the diggings.- Could not you contrive to find a lump or two as big as butter firkins to give speculation a fresh stkrjt. Ittnight be worth while to get Up something ot the sort. A lump of gold, about the size of a bushel, would impress the imagination much more that two or three tolls : of small nuggetty stuff no bigger than horse-beans. Ihope Mr. Wilson's menagerie will arrive safely; What are you'colonists going to send us in exchange for our sparrows arid donkeys and. glow-worms, I should like lo know. We hear of the kangaroo rat—is it & good sort for terriers ? Your native bears, too—how about their grease? Do your hares go mad in March, or does the inverted season make a difference, end the insanity not appear till September? Have you rabbits with eats a foot long, ears that you can tie under the animal's jaw in a beautiful neat bow? Have you Welsh rabbits, that I have read about in tavern literature? Possibly^ Mr. Wilson might be induced to try and acclimatize in your happy colony some fire-flies and scarlet flamingoes, or Some reindeer arid Arctic foxes. I shall anxiously await the appearance of the next volume ot transactions of the Zoological Society, We have some of your Australian gum-trees in the Crystal Palace. Pray do they grow with you something like French beans, and require to be supported with stakes and string? In commercial matters there is no new feature. A Greek" merchant has failed, as is the wont of Greek merchants; and there lias been the usual monthly great fraudulent bankruptcy, furnishing a text for a Times homily on commercial morality. If Venetia is really to be sold, it might be worth considering whether a joint sfceck company might riot be got up to effect the purchase. Austria Would take one-fourth cash probably, and the remainder at three, six, nine, arid twelve months. The Snha?>itants have not been accustomed to be consulted in such matters, so that their opinions need not be rogarded. Then the first ihing would be to raise money by selling the water frontages to British merchants, and putting a halfpenny toll on nil the bridges. A municipal council rnight sit in the palace of the Doges, and the first mayor of Venice should fill the vacant picture-frame of Falifro. The hint is worth attention. I hope by this tiriie that the Hrit «h -fores in New Zealand will have captured ail the Maories, and that tha" cannibal rascals are now engaged in picking oakum with their hair cut Bhort. 