MONDAY, AUGUST 12, 1861, Tho second great day of the olootiortï bos produced results whioh will go far to restore tho balance botweon tho tvro opposing parties. Tho eleotors of tha prinoipal motropolitan distriots hayo proved that they aro not, body and soal, s given over to tho Heales dominion. In spito of Mr. BEOOKE'S vor/ excellent strategy, and of tho blunders and carelessness of tho Op- position, in Melbourne at Ioast, aal tho most important of its suburb}, tbero is no triumph for tho revolution- aries. Tho gains in one or two plaoaa aro fully oomponsated by losses olso whero ; and, on the whole, tho prospsofc becomes a little moro ohcoring for tho causo of order and honest government. ' Among tho metropolitan seats, Eut Melbourne has returned ono avowed pro- tectionist, and another who is only half a free-trader; but hore what protection gains is not necessarily a Ministerial 1 triumph. Mr. COHEN, ono of tho now members, though ! he, has Qua- in-. <3eseended to palter with the ques fjScm of protcotioa or free trade, oan ract bo returned as a Ministerialist j and Mr. KYTE, the whole-hog proteo unionist, is no more to bo depended upon îiy a Government which, we are told, is ¡neither one thing nor the other. Mr. ILANGTON has ample consolation for his defeat in the golden opinions he has wvjn for the oourage, honoBty, and in tidligenoe he has evinced throughout gas two desperate oontests. If anything «aa redeem the general oharaoter of those «lections, it iß a candidature so honour- able and manly as this. West Mel ¡bourne has remained true to Mr. ÍÍOADER, who is, perhaps, BO longer to tbo reokoned a Ministerialist; the other seat being filled by a new aspirant for jkgislativo honours, who is even moro do eciejedly hostile. North Melbourne has nobbed us of Messrs. BARTON and SIN- CLAIR, and taken one from tho Minis- terial ranks. The important constituency «f St. Kilda has assorted its conserva- tive tendencies by rejeoting the valiant «CHEWS and his ally, and, in spite of the ia,oet strenuous exertions of tho Attorney «General and of the Prahran domocraoy, adding two names at least to the roll .off Parliament of whioh tho country meed not be ashamed. Emerald Hill, after a close contest, has also rejoofcod ttho Ministerial candidate, in favour of áts old member; and in Sandridge, one «f tho chiefs of the Opposition hi9 acthievod an easy victory. ín Eiohmoad, «¿ere is a gain of one to tho Ministry iocal obscurity, in plaoe of Dr. EVANS. Among the country eleotions decided on Saturday, there is no gain on either side. Castlemaine has responded at length to the tender enthusiasm it has created in the bosom of the Postmaster- General, and has consented to acce t the sponsorship of the little MACADAM. The uncertificated barber also appears again on the returns; but, being un- qualified, will be compelled to resign his place to the next on the poll, who is Mr. A. J. SMITH, one of the late mem- bers. The Sandhurst Boroughs havo re placed one Ministerialist by another, o .certainly not more decided opinions tyhilo the great agricultural constituen «gainst the Government. In Belfast which Mr. MICHIE, by some strangi tfreak, ohoso for the seat of his candi »jaturo, the result is believed to be stil doubtful, the returns giving a majorit; of two only to Mr. HOOD. Whatovo úha decision of the scrutineers may be «ho Government has nothing to gait ïn South Gipps Land, the mover of th .vote of want of confidence has secure Sits own return ; and of the othor ou lying constituencies, it may bo predioto «bat they will remain deaf to the solio «üttions of Mr. BEOOKE'S agents. On tho whole, so far as tho eleotiot Eave gone, although Ministers hav managed to seouro a large mroibor < «cats, and somo in a manner not moi mnexpeoted than disgraceful, tho onu itiy need not despair, even though ti returns givo an absolute majority I Mr. HEAHES. NO ono knows bott1 «han the head Government stratogi (bow littlo reliance is to be placed up: hustings pledges, and how delusivo a sill the tables which protend to classi ttfjc member« of the new Assombl Looking at the materials of the majorii got together, and tho means by whic it has been filohed from the peopl %a have the liveliest confidence ou eelvos in the ovont. A delirium i sudden and so insane as this for M HTBALES and his policy, may bo safo' trusted to work its own cure; ai already we begin to perceive the sigi of a recovery. The very curious dive «ties of interpretation in the text of ti Ministerial programme, under all ti Sights whioh havo been derived fro «heir past conduot, cannot but tend ¿hako tho faith of our demoorat an theso its self-eleoted champion The Ministry, for its futuro oorafoi Ibas perhaps overdono the part, whi was only assumed out of spite to ti Opposition. "The people must gove '"the people"-tho last Ministori ¡political axiom-does not neoejsari imply that tho people must bo govern by Mr. HEALES. Even the tiob portors whom Mr. BROOKE has abduot from the publio service, and, fr< ^hc greasing of engine-wheels, olovai into legislators, may turn restive une Sus hand ; and of the ragged crow w mow crowd the Government ranks, h many will bo found faithful to I Beales standard some three moni Iienco ? It may bo possible to overdo a politi «revenge; and even for Mr. HEAL ¡the victory may bo too dear whioh purchased, by a general degradation ttho constituencies. Ero long tho con taonoies themsolvos must turn roi against a Government whioh has troa ihem. with so littlo ceremony, while irauding them of their votes by ft jrotences. How long will tho min consent to have their roprcsontati provided for them out of tho Govornm workshops ? There must be a revi of the sense of independenoo, oven i "Constituency liko that of the Ov< < Such a ohange implies a oortain grace, but a disgrace whioh bolo «entirely to the constituency, and no tho rejected candidate. The dofea cuoh a case is for that famous polit principle whioh believes that tho poi oro the boat fitted to govern the poo The oontest ooases to be ono c between olosa and olass-muoh fcetween principle and principle-v< £300 a-yoar is offered to any man i by hard promising, can seouro a ¡for the Beales Ministry. The Salsotto, Captain Rodgers, with the-English June mails, roaohod Hobson's Bay yofltorday lore- j moon-a fow hours after her proper time. S ho -oft Gallo on the 20th tilt., at noon, King Qeorge'd Sound at midnight on the 6th inst., and leaves 4ho Bay, for Sydney, to-day. Sha brings advioas ¡from London to the 26th Juno, and by her m.il -se far as delivered-we have our flies from Colombo to the 17th, Bombay to tho 12th, Aladras >to tiio 14th, Calcutta to tho 8th July, Singapore So the 6th, Pinang to tho 4th July, and Hong iConfjto the 27th june. On Saturday last Melbourno and the neigh- bouring municipalities gave themselves up almost .exclusively te the business of electioneering. From ten o'clock to four o'clock-the opening to 4iie olosingof thopoU-cabs and carriages in tho in- terests of the various candidates ulled the streets. and round the polling-places groups of eager atti excited partisans spent the day. The interest giien in England lo Buch tv contest by tho hourly publication of. the numbers polled for the various 1 candidates was of course awanting hore, whare the'ballot-box,conceals the secret to the la.it ; but ipeculation was lively and general throughoa!; Die doy as'to the progress of the voting and the position the various candidates would hold at its close. In the course of the evening the results b 3. carno known, though the official declarations of th - polling will not be made beforo to-morrow, and, in ono or two of the distrietSj Tuesday. The day's proceedings (excepting Normanby, Dalhousio, au 1 Mornington) gave thirteen to the Opposition, and six to the Ministerial list. The successful candi- dates were the following :-St. Kilda-Messrs. Brodribb and Johnston ; Richmond-Messrs. Francis and Lambert; Emerald Hill-Mr. An- derson ; Sandridge-Mr. Nicholson; East Mel- bourne-Messrs. Cohen and Kyte; West Mel- bourne-Messrs. Loader and Orkney; North Melbourne-Messrs. Davies and Costello; Castle- maine-Dr. Macadam, and Messrs Pyke and Chapman ; Sandhurst- Messrs. Denovau and Howard ; Belfast-Mr. Hood ; and Warrnam- bool-Mr. Manifold. Wo have our flics from Hobart Town to tin 7(h instant. Tho following is the weekly report of tho Bo ntnolent Asylum : -Inmates, 250 maloH, 5J fe males ; at Immigrants' Home waiting for vaoa,a cíes, 20; applicants for admission during t'l week, 8 ; of these admitted, 2 ; refused for want o' room, 6. Total at tho expenso of the Asylum 337\. Of this number there are 103 males and 5: females under medical treatment. Dunne; the week, a number of publie prayer meetingB will be held at sevenp m. each evening nt tho Piolcstant Hall. Tho objects of thes I etctotional exercises are specified cook evening [ and moilly refer to questions of sooial and pibh' sins. ' Tho polling at Sandridge on Saturday resulta, in the return of Mr. Nicholson, by u majority o 2C8, the numbers having been, for Mr. Nichai son 033, and for Mr. Manuel 325, Mr. Nichol sen bricfly'.iddressod the electors aftei thoc)o33 o the poll, and thanked them for re-electing him The polling for East, West, and i North, Mel bourne took place on Saturday, but bayon' stating that tho town appeared in the excite condition which is oustomary on these occisión! wo have nothing to remark respecting tho elo; tion. Cars engaged for tho day by tho cand! dates weie continually driving through ti street», and tho dead walls boasted a co-it c mnny colours in the rainbow-hued placard which called upon the electors to vote te siich-and-suoh a candidate. In East Mclbourm Mr. Langton, albeit sa late in tho fule teok a second place on tho poll in ovoi return save that from St, Finnc'iB, whoi Mr, Cohen, Mr. O'Brien, and Mr. Kyi were in an overwhelming majority. Mr. Oohc and Mr. Kyto were accoidingly the suco93sfi candidates, and Mr. Langton made a good thin In West Melbourne, Mr. Orkney led the votir by over 200 votes, nnd about tho same di-crew separated Mr, Phillips, the third candidato, fro Mi, Loader, who, with Mr. Orknoy, was ti chosen of iho electors. In Noitli Melbourn Mr. Davies, ono of the Ministerial candidate polled over 300 votes moro than Mr. Costello, wl ic returned with him. Mr. Sinclair and J] Dickson ran closely together for a third pUc alout filly votes behind Mr. Costello. The polling for Emerald Hill on Saturday i I suited in the roturn of Mr. Anderson by a mvj lily of i 32, tho numbers boing-for Andorsi 1709; 'for Ferguson, 677. Great dissatisfaoti j was expressed at finding that iho names oE nsai 500 electors, many of them free-holders, wore r on tho roll. The last roll containod about 2,5 names, whoiea3 the present has only upwards 1,900. The blaine is attributed to the oollooio: I One instance of personation was reported onSatt | day. It occurred just at the commencement of t i polling. 1 Tho result of the polling at Richmond, Saturday last was in favour of Mr.... G. Fran and Mi. Lambert. Dr. Evans Mas next on I list, followed by Mr. Cameron, Mr, Hill, and 1 Cutter, the last gentleman resigning in favour Mi. Cameron early in the day. There was u usual interest shown in the result of the pollir and, in fact, throughout tho election the reaidoi in the district have taken moro aotion than prouous occasions. It was generally suppen that Dr. Evans would have been ouo of the olo hut, in consequence of a rumour which was spro during the afternoon, that Dr. Evans was qu safe, plumpers were given for another candida instead of votes being split. The Koturat Officer favo the result of tho poll for the satisfi tion of the votors, but the official declaration v bo made this day. r Mr. Franois and Mr. Lamb returned thanks to the eleotors from tho win 1 cf the Kinerston Hotel. At the Central Gaol, on Saturday, thore wero 216 prisonois, 3 of whom were fournies. XJndâr sentence (death recorded), 1; road-gang, O ; h»rd labour, 127 ¡ imprisonment only, 28. Detaiaoil under lemaud of magistrates, 8; for trial at tin Supreme Court, 10 ; lunatics, 7 ; in defouli oE sureties, 5 ; debtors, 10 ; for contempt of Octart, 2, Tho City Council doeB not meet to-day. Yesterday morning, a young man, named James Bradford, was engaged in a friondly wrestling match with another man, on tho floor of tho Caiú do Paris, when, in the struggle, his foot slipped, and ho was thrown heavily, breaking his leg just ubovo the ankle. Ho was taken to tho Melbourne Hospital. We havo our filos from Sydney and Hobirfc Town to the 7th instant, and from Perth (W.A.] to tho 24th ultimo. Tho Clork of the Bench at tho City Court hat requested us to acknowledge the receipt of tht following additional subscriptions on behalf o Mrs. O'loughlin :- Dr. Eadcs, 10s. Gd. j Mr Thomas, 2s. Gd. ; Mr. Road, C3, ; A friend, 5s. Mr. Pond, 5s. ; Mr. Rolly, 2s. Od. The Queenscliff Volunteer Artillery Compauj v ero inspected on Friday afternoon, for the (in timo sinco becoming part of the B. V. A. Kari ment, by Colonel Anderson, who, before puttln them through a few evolutions to tost their pro iicii'iiey, addressed them in open square, U said ho regretted his tuno was BO short that h could not remain that evening to seo thom ü through their drill with the great guns, but h would himself exercise them in company drill and he had no doubt, from what he saw of tim at tho Werribee, thoy would aoquit thomselve well. Ho and the regiment generally wero ploaso at the company having joined tho rogtmon and he could assure them they would An tho members of tho othor oompanios goc corni ades whon they carno together. He unde Btood that comparatively few of the momba wwo up in tho great gun drill, but as that mig bo accounted for by no ammunition having bo served out to them, ho would see thoy wo .supplied with the samo quantity for practioo the othor companies. Ho then marohod a wheeled them in open column and in Bootie and Captain Bobertson oxorcteed them in sk mishing. On again forming in Uno, Colo; Anderson expressed his pleasure at the mam in which thoy had gone through their ovolutio and wished he had known when at the W ribco ho had a company of artillery wh could skirmish so well, the Wilh'amsto on that occasion being too few in number bo thrown out. Speaking of the arms, said thoy would soon bo supplied v tho Westley Richards* brooch-loading riflo good a weapon, ho believed, as any in tho i vice; but until thoy arrived, those who tv without rifles would have either long or short. flcldB served out to them. He told thom would bo necessary for them to keep ti guns in order, as no man who rotur [bis old rifle in bad condition would bo supp with the new one. The battery guns would iuch as ho had, never soon,-1001b. Arantr i guns-the largest in bin experience having been ' sixty-eight pounders. He enjoined thom to work ?op'their drill at the old guns, or they would not be allowed to handle the new. Colonel Ander- son, with Colonel Redo, of tho Geelong Billes, then left the ground, and received three hearty cheers. On Friday'night last, about nine o'olóolc, I titree men entered tho Union Botel, on tho i Ballarat-road, near its junction with the Castle ; maine-road, and called for something to drink. | After remaining about ha!f-an-hour, thoy sud- denly presented pistols at the inmates, and no resistance being offered, ransacked the house, carrying away with them nearly £20 in money, ; and three silver hunting watches. At the usual weelcly meeting of the committee ol the Immigrants'Aid Society, held on Saturday, I tho superintendent reported the state of the I homo to bo as follows :-Number of inmates {as > reported lost week), 406 ; admitted since, 31 ; ! discharged, 36; total now > in the homo, 401; consisting of Benevolent Asylum oases, 25 ; chil- dren ohargeable to the Government, 220 ; oases chargeable to the society, 15C, ! The selection of " Ilamlet" for representation . cn the opening night of the dramatic season, at ' the Theatre Boyal, was as injudicious as the por 1 formanco was indifferent. Success could not b3 j hoped for with such a cast, and most of the) spectators mast havo experienced a feeling of j immense relief when the tragedy came to an i end. Mr. Brooke's Hamlet was, perhaps, tho I least satisfactory of bis Shaksperian impersona ' tions; and Mr. Holt is scarcely qualified 1 to excel bis predecessor, Mr. Hoskins shiaei j in comedy, but as the Ghost, his dali | vory of tho part resembled that of a youthful clergyman reading the burial servios. ' Mr, Gardiner's Folonius was certainly senile, and that is all that can be said of it ; and, with tho ! solitary exception of Mr, Edwarda'a ¿aortas, it I would bo difficult to name a character whioh was thoroughly well sustained. To Mr. Holt's ability in that line of acting for which he possesses special qualifications, wo havo always done fall justice ; and wo think he will bo noting very un- wisely in challenging comparisons which cannot bo instituted without disparagement to him- self. To present Hamlet to an audiancs so as to fulfil tho intention of tho dra- matist demands so rare a combination of faculties, that not moro than half-a-dozen notors have lived between Shakspeare's time and . our own who were oapable of embodying that difficult ideal. Betterton, according to the testi I mony of Addison and Colley Gibber, was one of | theso; and that chapter in Cibber's "Apology" for his own life, in which ho gives us his oritioal estimate of Betterton, is as pregnant with good counsel as Haralot's advice to the players. There was no straining after points and'aiming at ap- plause with this actor; and a silent and attentive audience was what he chiefly valued. Part lidge's tributo to the excellence of Garriok's Hamlet will be familiar to every reader of Tom Jones; whilo Barry, if Ohurohill is to be believed, was too studied and arti- ficial in this character, and "conned his pas- sions] as ho conned his part ;" whereas with Garrick, " each start was nature and each pauso was thought." Edmund Kean's Hamlet was faulty in many particulars; and Komble's de- lineation of the part failed, as Hazlitt tells us, from a want of flexibility, and of that " quick sensibility which yields to every motivo, and is borne away with every breath of fancy ; whioh is distracted in the multiplicity ol its reflections and lost in the uncertainty of its resolutions," If Mr. Holt intend! giving us a series of Shaksperian trago dies, he must organize a very different oom pony to that which is now assembled on thi boards of the Theatre Boyal. Another class o entertainments, however, might bo produced witl credit to his company and advantago to tin theatre, and tho performance of "KingThrush I beard" this evening will probably attraot mon people than Hamlet drew together on Saturday night, and will exhibit tho capacity of the corp dramatiqut in a much more favourable point o viow than it was presented in hy tho tragedy. 