Ifte §q iota. ADELAIDE: MONDAY. SEPTEMBER 16. POPULAR LECTURES. ? ? A The praiseworthy efforts now being made in this colony to interest and instruct tho people by means of public lectures on literary and scientific subjects demand a word of grateful recognition aud helpful encouragement from the public Press. The platform lecture has now become a recognised educational institu. tion in the old country, and bids fair to obtain a proportionate importance and value amongst us. Noble Lords, members of Parliament, clergymen, and gentlemen of tho Press in Eng land are giving themselves to this work with a zeal and talent which deserve high commenda tion. We believe the Earl of Carlisle was the firat of the patrician order who descended from the high pedestal on which tho old and exclusive aristocracy of Britain were wont to stand to mingle with the artisans and operatives in the busy borough of Leeds, to in. stuct them by his wisdom and cheer them by his sympathy. His example has been exten sively followed, and it is now no uncommon thing to find upon tho platform of Mechanics' Institutes the noble and titled of the land Apart from the positive instruction communi. cated by a lecture of au hour's length, there is real good in this new feature of the times. Any arrangement which bring3 the separate classes of the community together, and especi ally into such close and friendly connection as that which subsists between a lecturer and his audience, must be productive of happy results ? We therefore hail this as a cheering aud hopeful sign of the tivnea which are passing over us. It ia good for tho lecturer, however high his rank, to meet face to face with the men whose quickened intellects aud brawny arms have done so much to build up the fabric of England's manufacturing and commercial greatness ; and it is good for the people to have the assurance of sympathy with their struggles and interest in their social advancement on the part of the classes above them which these lectures give. We arc glad that the system of public lecturing is so surely taking root amongst us in this colony. We are called upon from time to time to report in our columns the delivery of useful and popular lectures, which seem to be appreciated by arge and intelligent audiences ; and we unclcr tand there is a great demand made on the services of competent gentlemen, from many parts of the province, for aid in this direction. We rejoice, therefore, to find that the Board of Governors of the South Australian Institute have taken the matter in haml on behalf oi the country Institutes, and have originated a scheme for supplying them, at a reasonable cost, with lectures on popular and inttivoiing subjects, by gentlemen who have attained a well- established reputation in this department of public labour. The regulations under which the country Institutes can avail them selves of the beuellts of this scheme urc now before us, and seem to us to be admirably adapted to secure the end in view. 'Each Institute ia to pay the sum of one guiueu for each lecture delivered, and half tho travelling expenses of the lecturer,' the Governors, we presume, supplementing this fee with an equal sura, and paying the other half of the travelling expenses. ' If possible, lecturers and eccre taries to arrange so that the lecturer may visit two or more neighbouring Insti tutes on the same occasion, and thereby Bave travelling expenses.' These are the most important of the regulations, and will show the Local Committees the advantageous terms on which they may secure for their In stitutes first-class lectures by lirst-class men We believe that, as a rule, the only way to obtain lectures worth hearing is by ptiying the lecturers for their labour. The man who works with his brain ha3 us much right to compensation for his labour as he who works with his hands ; and Local Committees have no more right to ask u lecturer to give them a free lecture than they have to ask a printer to advertise it for nothing, or to atk a carpenter to fit out a lecture-room with benches as his contribution to the Society. It is quite lime that this fair and just principle should be recognised and acted upon. We have heard of instances where gentlemen have had, in addition to giving a gratuitous lecture, to pay their own travelling expenses. We can only suppose that this has arisen from want of thought on the part of the Managers or Com mittees. They could never be guilty of the inten tional meanness of bringing gentlemen from their homes to a considerable distance for their benefit and leave them positively out of pocket by their labour. We think, therefore, the Goreraor3 of the South Australian Institute have adopted a wise and just course in securing to the lecturer, if not an adequate remuneration for his labour, at least a proper acknowledg ment of that labour. The lionorarium, what ever the amount, recognises the equitable principle that C! the labourer is worthy of his hire.' We hope the country Institutes will not fail to avail themselves of the liberal offer made by the Governors of the South Australian Insti tute. It will be to their interest to obtain the occasional services of gentlemen able by their education and intelligence to contribute to the instruction and amusement of their members. Local Institutes are apt to languish when left to themselves ; but an interesting and instruc tive lecture, occasionally delivered by a gentle man of known ability, will act as a Clip to their Bagging energies, and leave a healthy influence behind it. The value of a popular lecture is two-fold ; first, it presents the results of exten sive reading and considerable thought in a ;ompact and interesting form— giving the bearers the results without the labour of the processes (and this is no small advantage in a :ommunity like ours, where, unfortunately, the mas3 of the people have but little :ime for reading or study) ; and, Becondlj, t ought to be made a source of amuse, nent as well as an instrument of instruction — :he dry principles and naked bones of thought jeing vivified and clothed with graceful jruament, and brightened with occasional laahes of wit or humour. We have few mough amusements in this colony ; and when. we can, in communicating important infor mation, make people merry as veil as wifP, we have achieved a great good. We are glad to see an audience put into good humour by a dry stroke of wit or a racy anecdoto by B lecturer wise enough to combine amusement with instruction, and who has too much sense to think he is sinking the dignity of the teacher when he makes his audience laugh at his occasional sallies. It positively ha3 doi:e us good to listen to the loud and cheerful laugh of half a dozen e'narp boys at au interesting lecture, who have instantly caught the good points of the lecturer, and, restrained by no rules of rigid propriety, have loudly testified their pleusurc. Moliure re^d his comedies to his housekeeper, and found that when* she laughed he was right, for tho audieuca gene rally laughed at (he same passages ; and so wo believe where clever sharp lads Cud amuse, ment a good thing has been said. From tho list of subjects on which gentle men are prepared to lecture, and which we presume has been sent to the various Insti* tute?, we think we can promise our readers both instruction and amusement There are biographical subjects in abundance, from Hampdeu the patriot to Macaulay the histo rian ; scientific subjects belonging to earth, air, and ocean ; subjects of poetic literature and criticism, embracing some of tho grandest names in the long beadroll of literature, i 0 our readers want to know all about ' The Gipsies,' or a fvw good 'Ghost Stories,' or something of the history of 'Bubbles.' then et them send for the gentlemen who are pre pared to enlighten and amuse them on these subjects and a hundred others beside. We wish jvcry success to this new attempt to supply the people with healthy sources of information and recreation ; ami trust it will be appreciated and eiicjuragud as it deserves (0 be. 