It is probably an advantage that as the up per section of our Legislature is so reaction ist in policy, it is so cantankerous in temper. For the public is thereby made alive all the more sensibly to the egregious mistakes committed in the conformation of that body. The condition of legislative business has already proved to us that we have reposed an undue aniount of power in our senators' hands; and their hot-headed caprice and dictatorial arrogance must of a surety accele rate and ripen that universal conviction of : the needfulness of reform which a more cautious and more superficially conciliating . ' 'line of conduct might possibly have contri ve fouted in some sort to delay. And so where i-f . obstruction is the only mission and work 6 ' we have to .expect, by all means let the ob K: structionists render themselves as distasteful R as they desire to a public usually overtole « rant. To this patriotic purpose the majo E, ? rity of our Council members have evidently n devoted themselves. They remind us of j nothing more than of the 'cm-led darling' !.' of some weak and indulgent paterfamilias — * ' the spoiled child,' to whose whims and R crotchets and greediness everything in the j: family circle must give place. Perpetually 5: at feud with somebody or with everybody — ?with the country or the Assembly or the Cabinet, or with all together — at one mo \; ment over some measure of legislation, at !- another over some imaginary point of dig nity—the Council has contrived to place : itself in the position of a very considerable social bore, as -jvcll as of a pvrrsc'.Jv v.-i '^ , manageable political stumbling-block. 'And y ' its latest act is a curious presentation of those i standing characteristics. In considering some imaginary slight or breach of etiquette, or of privilege, or whatever else it is, or is supposed to be, the ' grave seigniors'.' of our Upper House rise up in one of their periodical paroxysms of petulance, and at [ the choleric suggestion of that exceedingly ! irritable statesman, Mr Bennett, they pro [-. . ceed to resent the insult by the somewhat novel Parliamentary proceeding of ' going ' out on strike' ! And all the time the sub ject of the fus8 is so marvellously recondite — of so much pettiness or so much mystery to at least beholders' eyes — that it is the general out- door impression that our senators have been at pains to create the luxury of a grievance! It is, at any rate, the impression that they should have seen to the matter of Mr a'Beckett's substitute, before they accorded Mr a'Becicett the leave of absence asked for, and that as they neglected to do this, it was both ridiculous and indecorous to disturb the public with a matter which was their own ovej'sight. However, whether the ab sence of a Ministerial representative was only partly their own fault, or wholly so, the shutting up of the Council hall was an everyway unseemly and inexcusable pro ceeding. As for the dignity of either branch of the Legislature, the country has reason to be as solicitous respecting it as the mo3t sensitive of members themselves can possibly be. And no matter how unlike what we wish is the constitution of the Upper House — whether unrcformed or reformed — it is our natural desire, and very obvious interest that both that and the other Chamber ?hould pro perly maintain their self-respect, and properly assert it on occasion. But neither strained notions of dignity, nor mistaken notions of dignity are very dignified. And an ever restless readiness to take affront, particularly when accompanied by an extraordinary faci lity itself in bestowing affront on others, is not exactly the demeanor which upholds the majesty of an august seuatorial body. Indeed, its lack of dignity in this way is one of the grave offences of the Council in the public eye. And we do not discern such shortcoming in the deportment of the Upper Chambers in the Legislatures of either England or America. We don't hear of the House of Lords systematically snubbing the House of Commons, even when the bills sent up by the latter do not meet approval. We do not hear of the imperial peers going out on ' strike' becaus'e'of a squabble with Ministers, nor disturbing their deliberations with visions of a deficiency of deference to themselves or anybody else ! And neither are we told of anything of the kind in the relations of the American Cham ber of Senators, with the Chamber of Repre sentatives, or with the Executive. But the twin Houses in the British Par liament and m the United btates Congress have not only politer relations than ours, but they are likewise able to co-operate and agree in the discharge of work. In those countries the divisions of the Legislature are not anta gonistic arid conflicting bodies, but concor dant and harmonious ones. It is alike the object in ; each system that the two Houses shall pull together, shall, as a rule, agree. It is so arranged hat the one shall have the power of revising ,the proceedings of the other, but it is likewise as carefully arranged that it cannot have the power of systematically frustrating or nullifying those proceedings. For, in the first place, the Houses are not formed on so dissimilar a Parliamentary basis as with us ; and in the second place, the upper one, in England as well as in America, is subject to larger and more effi cient modification, when necessary, than is the parallel body here. To enter into do- { tails — The English. House of Commons is less democratic than the 'Vic- torian Assembly ; while the House of Lords is actually less oligarchical in its power over public measures than is our Council. This may appear at first sight very startling, but nevertheless it is abso lutely true If the Imperial Chamber of Peers sits for life, our Colonial Upper House is elected for ten years ; and to all practical intents and purposes, according to the opi nion of the best Constitutional authorities, a House elected for ten years is equivalent to to a House for life — that is to say it is just as little within the range of real public control. Then ifHhe Lords should prove obstructive— should choose to set their faces against any necessary measure, or against any clearly expressed important wish or line of policy demanded by the Commons and the country, it is the Royal privilege to avert the crisis, and enable legislation to move on, by modifying the composition of the obstructive body, through an introduc tion of fresh peers. Here, on the contrary, there is no such provision, nor any equiva lent cure for a dead-lock. Neither the Go vernor nor the Cabinet can infuse new blood or a more' liberal element into our Upper Chamber. The only chance of modification, lies in the rotatory retirement of a small minority, a fifth of the members every two years — an arrangement which cannot oper ate promptly and sufficingly, like the im perial remedy, but which offers in lieu thereof only the faintest of hopes after the most protracted of delays. Our Council is, therefore, Je facto, more oligarehically privileged and beyond con trol than , the House of Lords, while our Assembly, is more democratic than the House of Commons. And, of course, under so discordant and unnatural a juxtaposition, there can be no legislative agreement — no ?work of any important character can be performed, and progress is out of the ques tion, where the representative bodies can only nullify each other. And where the State machine cannot go on — where on the bona fidt passage of any important act, a deadlock becomes the rule, and where no way out of the .difficulty is provided, there is not merely the certainty of the Constitu tional system loseing repute, but the danger also of public patience lapsing into uncon stitutional action. Sufficient time has now gone by to make plain to us th'e incongrui ties of our system. They have begun to excite ridicule abroad, as they create ma terial stagnation and political impatience here. And it is not wise, and indeed it cannot, in any point of view, be, considered much longer safe to postpone an adequate removal of the inherent faults of such an arrangement of contradictions. One special j reason why we would wish to see this im provement effected as speedily as possible is, because it \vou!i be thus got through with out further public irritation, and therefore the more deliberately and wisely. That it is inevitable is plain enough, for no country ever yet rested satisfied with negative :ir?:i ;:i,pt:-.ta nifnirs. AvA w\ onn only regard as an elderly schoolboy the man who can -shut his eyes to the fact, and discourse of democracy as if there was any other, phase of society present or possible within our bounds. The phrases and senti ments which have meaning enough in old world parlance are simply grotesque amid the circumstances and peculiarities of a new land. '? As an able living constitutional writer has well .expressed it — 'Whenever there is no possible alternative betweea a military despotism and democratic institutions, it is salutary, proper, and necessary that a warm and honest spirit of loyalty to democracy should be cherished.' And it would be well, indeed, if there was a more masculine and self- respecting spirit cultivated on this head, instead of a sickly, petit maitre imita tion of facts and ideas, with which Victoria has no more seriously to do than with the ghost of Hamlet or the ' properties' of a theatre. In comparing the gold-fields statistics of 1860 with those of the previous year, we note particularly a decrease in 'the total number of miners employed, and evidence of great and important changes in the employ ments of the mining population. In 1859 the total number of miners actually employed on the gold-fields, was 125.7G4, whilst 'for the past year, the number was only 108,502, showing a decrease of 1 7,202. This start ling fact points to one or other obvious con clusions : either that more remunerative em ployments open up continually to the dis appointed miner, or that the gold-fields are ce(asing to afford a fair subsistence to a large proportion of the persons engaged in the ex traction of gold. Such a diminution in the total number of men employed in works which more than all others contribute to our prosperity, is worthy of serious attention. The subtraction of their . labor from the gold-fields, computing their ?? earnings at the same rate a3 those miners actually employed, results in the loss of i 318,310 oz. of gold; or £1,201,620 per annum. This quantity of gold added to that obtained by the 108,562 miners would bring the total quantity up to 2,327,153 oz., or more than was actually shipped during the year 1859 by 58,104 'oz. Those who have paid attention to the tables of popula tion on the gold-fields for the past four years, can easily explain the falling off in the yield of gold. Tt is due, unquestionably, mainly to the decrease of the number of miners. [ In looking at the distribution of the labor of the miners in 1860, as compared with 1859, we find that there is a decrease in the number of alluvial miners amounting to 20,132, and an increase iri the number of quartz miners amounting to 2930. So far from this having resulted in a decrease of income, we find that whereas in 1859 the miners earned only about £65 per annum ; i in 1860 their average annual income was £69 17s. No stronger evidence than this can be given as to the richness and unfail ing value of our gold deposits. Quartz mining, which many in former years looked upon as a hazardous and uncertain pursuit, is now found to be not the worst descrip tion of mining to which we can apply our selves. Until our ' reefers,' by hard labor, had penetrated to great depths, and brought up quartz producing from 2 oz to 14 oz per ton, it -was considered as a settled thing amongst the geologist in Europe', who had gained their experience of gold mining in the Oural, that quartz raining would not prove remunerative. When the lights of science and practical skill shall have been brought to shine upon the question of re ducing quartz, we may hope that the hard labors of the quartz miner will be more amply remunerated, and his adventure rendered more certain of success than it is at present. Let it not be thought that we undervalue the rich alluvial deposits secreted in our gulleys and deep leads. The former will afford subsistence to the poor man for years to come, when the mining districts are amply supplied with water, aud the latter will attract capital and produce enormous returns. With the increase in the number of quartz miners, we find a corresponding increase in the amount invested in machi nery. In 1859 the machinery on the gold fields was valued at £1,115,923, and in 1860 at £1,299,303. Tn other words, each miner in 1859 had invested the sum of £8 17s 5Jd in mining appliances, and in 1860 the sum of £11 19s. 4Jd. This is an important in crease, and shows that the habits of the miner are changing for the better. Instead of wandering from one gold-field to another in search of a ' rush,' he is settling himself seriously to the work of mining. He is becoming an employer, and that implies a sub-division of labor which more than anything else is needed to crjsure permanent prosperity to to the mining population. The time will come when the miner will follow his own legitimate pursuit — that of getting quartz rock or auriferous earth — and we shall have a class of capitalists owning extensive works for the reduction of the stone and the pro curing of the gold from it, to which the present small mills and steam engines will be but toys in comparison. In many works in England the engines ordinarily employed are from 500 to 1000 horse power, and there is rea-ion to believe that engines of a similar power here, if erected in suitable localities would produce ample returns for the original cost of erection. We shall re turn to the mining statistics issued by Mr Husiffhay's department, which are far from being exhausted of their interest. 