THE ALPACAS FOR THE GREAT EXHIBITION. Yesterday, shortly after ono o'clook, a opecial train, with their Excellencies Sir John and Lady Young and suite, Mr. Cowper, Mr. Ro bertson, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Hargrove, Mr. Clark IrTing, Dr. Woolloy, Mr. and Mrs. Ingelow, and Mr. S. D. Gordon, left tho Sydnoy termi nus cn route for Sophicnburg, the residence of Mr. J. H. Atkinson, for tho purposo of in specting tho alpacas to bo forwarded to tho Great Exhibition. Mr. Ncalds superintended tlio train, tnking his station on tho tondor. After a pleasant trip, which occupied fifty minutes — tho distnnco being twonty- four miles — tho vier-regal party arrived at their destina tion. Mr. Atkinson, who had made every provision for tho reception of his guests, was in waiting. Tho ladies wero convoyod from tho railway to tho homestead in vehicles, whilst tho gentlemen proceeded thither on foot. Mr. Lodger, who wns present, exhibited his pets courteously, affording information in reply to numorous questions. It wns originnlly intonded to kill nnd Bluff seven of tlio nlpncns. One of thoso set apart for tho purposo diod, Of tho remaining six, ono is a pure nlpnca (inalo), four nro cross-bred between a fomalo llama and a male alpaca, and ono is a fomalo llama. Tho oldest of tlicso animals is not ovor fivo years, tho youngost is about six months. Tho "weight of tho ilccce, which is now ready for tlio Bhoars, will vary from 15 to 22 lbs. Apart from mercantile consideration, tlicso graceful animals would improve tho gonoral ; appearance of any homestead. Thoy are cnpablo of a liiglior stato of domesticity than tho shcop, sineo they do not shun tho approach of man. On tho contrary, thoy show no symptoms of fear nt bis presence. Tlio littlo flock continued to graze within a fow yards of tho vico regal party without exhibiting any symptoms of timidity. It is a matter of very questionable propriety to kill animals capable of yielding so much vnluablo produco annually, but killed tlioy aro to be, without hopo of repriovo. Tho inter breeding of tho alpaca with tho llama has been enrried out by Mr. Ledger with success. Amongst naturalists it lias beon laid clown that tlio result of this cross-breeding would bo a worthless animal of an inferior physique ; this assumption has now been prac tically refuted — we liavo before us tho result. Tho oross-brcil animal is larger than tho nlpnca though smnllor than the llama. Tlio quality of tlio flesh is improved, and, as a mnttor of coui so, tlio weight of tho flccco is increased ; but wo behove wo nro correct in saying that it is not so fino in tlio staple ns that of tho pure bred alpaca. "Whethor this disadvantage will bo obviated by lapse of time remains to bo seen. Tlio morabors of tbo littlo flock undor notice differ more or Icbs from each othor in the colour of the flccco j somo of thorn nro beauti fully marked. Tlieir Excolloncics Sir John ond Lady Young, who. woro much gratified with tho result of thoir visit, mado many inquiries respecting Mr. Lodger's pots. Aflor spending a couple of hours ot Sophicn burg, and partaking of Mr. Atkinson's liospi- tulity, the vice- regal party returned to Sydnoy, arriving at the terminus at twenty minutcB past fivo o'clock, the distnnco being accom plished in 53 minutes. — Sydney Umpire, 30th August. The Great Exhibition.— On Saturday Mr. Batclieldcr exhibited in his window tlio series of views token by liim, at tlio ordor of Munioipnl Council, for the purposo of being forwarded to tho Melbourne, and subsequently to tho London Exhibition. Thoyaro really ex cellent, nnd will givo a good idea to our anti podean brethren of how wo live, nnd that wo are not all still " dwellers in tents." Tlio sories includes tho Town Hall, Now Jail, Folico Bar racks, Survey-office, Post- office, Pall Mall, nr-marke tcor Rifles, the Yolunteer Fire Brigado No. 1 Depot, and Municipal Brigado No. 2 Engine- house, tho Ocmot cries of Hoots OrcuV m. A White Hills, n Quartz W orking, Eiigino, etc., a Puddling Mill. Of soma of tho buildings viows liavo been taken from two points, nnd of Pall Mall and Yiow Point tboro nro several, so that when thoy como to bo arranged in an exhi bition, a very tolerable idea of ono of tho first goldfield municipalities may bo formed. This, tegcthor with statistical information which iB being collected and compiled, will enable our friends in the old country to understand our sooial position much elenrer than at present. — Sandhurst Pee, 9th September. An Adelono Nuooet. — The Wynyari limes says: — Thero is at this present time exhibited in tho Bank of New South Wales, Adelong, and well worthy tho attention of the curiouB, a most magnificent nugget of amalga mated gold, gathered from the auriferous vein of tho Victoria Reef, and weighing three hundred and fifty-six (356) ounces. Interest ing in the highest dogrco aro theso masses of Adelong gold ns thoy issue from tho retort, possessing a far greater intrinsic valuo than those rudo lumps of tho precious motal found elsewhere, fashioned by nature and gathered as tho prizes of mere muscular toil. Our nuggets are unlike theso ; ours owo tho altractivo aggre gation of their yellow particles to man's inven- tivo energy. Tlioy stand boforo us the starling proofs of what organisation can effect. Tlieir glittering masses, that many hands have striven to create, nre tbo culminating points of all industrial pyramids, and to have existence require equally tho labour of the artisan, tlio skill of tho miner, tho handicraft of tho quartz orushor, and tho science of tho chomist. The nugget iu question is all tho more remarkable, being by many ounces tho largest ever yot retorted at our machines. The fortunato owners are Messrs. Hillhouse, Forestier, and party, who occupy an oxtended claim on tho southern extremity of tho Victoria Roof. It was tbo produce of 624 tons of quartz, whoso excava tion had been tho work of eight men for twelvo wooks. Tlio stono was roducod at the Prince of Wales crushing mill, nnd the cloan beautiful apppcarance of tlio gold, wlioso valuo is esti mated at the high rate of L3 17s Gd por ounce, reflects tho greatest credit upon the proprietors of tho machine, Messrs. Nicholas and Co. Tho immenso amount of amalgam, some 1230 oz, severely taxod their ingenuity, and com- nnllflfl flin rtrtntrnrHinn nf fhrt oil fllins of tllftlP Chilian basin into a temporary retort. If tho Victorian Reef proves itself to bo liko a candle, similar at cither ond, wo may congratulato tho shareholders of the now company on tho pro spect they possess. . Curious Anecdote op the Wood-owe. — A pair of wood-owls had takon possession of an old oak treo that was hollow, in tho vicinity of Huntroyd, tho scat of L. G. N. Stnrkie, Esq., close by tlio side of a much-frequontod path. In this oak they built thoir nest, and tlio eggs wero in a stato of incubation. Ono night, as a farm labourer was walking on this path noar the tree, ho wns much surpriaed by his hot being Btruck off his head, and thinking it to bo a jest of some acquaintance, he ran among tho trees to catch tho supposod culprit ; but not meeting with him, ho crouohed boliind a treo to wait his voluntary exit. Aftor wait ing in suspense for an hour, lio bocamo tired, and renewed his walk home ; but ho had not got ton yards before his hat was again uncere moniously brought to tho ground. Ho now became rather alarmed, and hastening home, communicated his nocturnal adventure to his wife. Another young man, returning from a visit to his Bweothcart, had his chapoau heavily displaced, and picking it up, ho hastened homo ; on entering which his fuco bore a close rescmblaneo to tho shoots between which ho soon hid himself. Many other porsons wore visited with tho liko salutations, nnd not ono of them had tho opportunity of either seeing or hearing this friend of etiquette. It has, how- evor, sinco beon proved beyond doubt that this lover of " lints off, gontlomen," was ono of tho tenanie of the old oak treo. Tho fortunato discovery of this ungontlemadly trick lias set at rest a well-circuluted report, that a ghost was the frequenfor of this lonely path, which . had caused it to be noarly deserted after nightfall.— (Saws Jdcerltser. 