SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1861. THE public, whose interests we are bound to advocate and protect, would certainly charge us with gross and cul- pable neglect were we to refrain any longer from noticing the shameful man- ner in which the present contract for the conveyance of mails between this town and Cooma is performed. For weeks past, not only have our ears been assailed with endless complaints of these unbearable irregularities; but our eyes have witnessed what we can tolerate no longer, and be guiltless. Two grand mistakes have been made in connexion with this contract. The one by the Contractor, in supposing that at so low a figure and with such a wretched stud of horses, and ricketty set of conveyances, he could perform his engagement with advantage to himself and justice to all concerned; the other, by the Government, who, with false no- tions of economy, accepted the lowest tender, utterly regardless of the compe- tency of the Contractor, or the interests of the public. And dearly is the pub- lic paying for these mistakes. Not one morning in the week does the Cooma mail arrive in time, and frequently it is noon-day or evening when the misera- ble turn-out comes at a funeral pace into town. And no wonder, for the wretched animals harnessed in the shafts have, to quote the words used last week by a correspondent of ours, "been scourged and lashed along for the al- most incredible stage of thirty-two miles!" It was only on Saturday last we witnessed a corroboration of this statement. At nearly 7 p.m., the Cooma two-horse mail-cart due at 8 a.m., came "dragging its slow length along," the poor jaded brutes scarce able, although receiving plentiful doses of whipcord, to place one foot before another--a case not at all uncommon with the Cooma mail. We had it from a passenger who was in the cart at the time, that not a long while ago this very mail was de- tained several hours somewhere on the road while the driver went into the bush to look for a fresh horse to enable him to complete his journey! And for some reason or other the Postmaster at Cooma, only a few days ago, refused to entrust the driver with the bags, consequently he came into town without. What his reason was for so doing we have not heard; and it has already appeared in our pages that in consequence of the Contractor of the Lanyon mail, who has also the same contract for the mail to Cooma, not being prepared to convey the bags to their destination, the Quean- beyan Postmaster, after waiting a day was obliged to hire a party to supply the Contractor's place! Common mercy to the brute creation obliges us also take notice of the condi- tion and treatment of the horses em- ployed in the service. For a true des- cription of these we refer our readers to the effusions of J. and E. Row's poet, who, in his "Song of a Mail-Coach Horse," and in a previous production, has depicted the sufferings and cruelty in- flicted on this serviceable animal. The poor wretch, like BALAAM'S ass, ren- dered eloquent by the stripes adminis- tered on his hide, gives utterance to his feelings thus: "With whips, oaths, and goads, and thundering loads, I am whacked, worked, and cursed on the Great Southern Roads. * * * Not a joint of me's sound, I'm as thin as a hound, I can scarce lift my poor crippled feet from the ground. My withers are sore, my shoulders are raw, And my back bones as jagged as a crocodile's jaw. I'm as stiff as a post, though I was once your boast, Good master, look sharp, or I'll soon be a ghost." And if we may be allowed to moralise, the guilt of the prophet, and his subse- quent punishment, are only trifling in comparison to the guilt and deserts of the man who first tortures, maims, and bruises a useful and willing animal, and afterwards, when he is only a fit subject for the attentions of the veterinary sur- geon, continues to exact from him services he can no longer perform. Had one fiftieth part of the punishment these mail-horses suffer been inflicted on any dumb brute in places where humanity is more coimmon than it is, alas! in the Australian bush, the perpetrators of the cruelty would have been prosecuted under the provisions of the famous MARTIN'S Act. The inability of the present Con- tractor to fulfil the conditions of his agreement is proved beyond a doubt. And bad as the work is now performed in the height of summer, with fair weather and good roads, we can little expect a better performance in the winter when the weather and the roads will be all against the chances of success--rather, we may confidently expect that our communications with the Monaro dis- tricts will then be almost entirely cut off. Now is the time to prevent any fur- ther inconvenience. The head of the Postal department should be immedi- ately informed of the evident inade- quacy of the means employed to carry out the service, and respectfully entreated to call upon the Contractor to perform the conditions of the contract, or sur- render the same, and afford those who have showed themselves well qualified for the service as far as experience and (?) are concerned, an opportunity of doing the work in a satisfactory and commendable manner. It is hardly possible to conceive of a worse abuse of the provisions of our Colonial Impounding Act, than was brought to light in the police-court last week, during the investigation of the case of ARCHIBALD KENNEDY, who was convicted of the offence of illegal im- pounding. The result of that investi- gation was the exposure of a nefarious practice,--not at all, we are sorry to say, confined to the village of Bungen- dore,--and most oppressive to the hum- ble neighbours of the prowling wolves whose dishonest practices are the sub- ject of our present remarks. The poor man's horse or cow cannot be turned out to graze but it is seized as booty and taken to the pound by a set of law- less depredators, whose sole object is to replenish their purse with the ill-gotten gains thus acquired. There would be no room for public complaint or legal redress, if the animals were actually trespassing on the land from which these fellows have instructions to im- pound. But invested by their employ- ers with authority to impound all strange stock found trespassing on their lands, and as an incentive to diligence in their work, permitted to appropriate the fees to their own use, these freebooters sally forth regardless whether it be from the lands of their employers or others that they take their prey, and intent only on the acquisition of gain by a species of cowardly plunder. The particular case which forms the basis of this article, will be found in our police-report in last week's issue. The defendant acknowledged to the act of impounding; and evidence was ten- dered on oath proving that at a distance of one and a half or two miles from the boundaries of his employer's run, this scoundrel finds a poor man's mare in company with a herd of horses, and drives them to his employer's stock-yard, and there takes the mare (whether with others or not did not transpire in the the evidence) to the nearest pound, for the sake of a few paltry shillings, as trespass and driving fees, which, as it came out in evidence, he was permitted to pocket as a reward for his faithful services. The system of permitting hired servants to raise a profit out of a duty thus im- posed upon them, is unfortunately too common, and fraught with such evil that we feel called upon to publicly condemn it. Few men in the position of stockmen are able to resist the temptation they are thus thrown into; particularly if, as too many of them are known to be, they are given to indulge in the expensive habits of an intem- perate life. To pay off a public-house score, or to bear their portion of the expense of a convivial party at the vil- lage inn, they have only to go out a little while on horseback and, (to them it matters not from whence,) bring home something for the pound, and their funds are soon replenished. Men of this class have been known to lie in wait for their prey, and seize it on the first opportunity; the victim being some poor villager's cow, which supplies his babes with milk, or saddle horse which carries him on his necessary journeys from home. With all sincerity do we hope that every one injured thus will follow the example of the complainant in the case we have referred to, and bring the offenders to justice; and with equal sin- cerity and respect do we advise those whose stockmen are engaged with them on like terms to enter into a new agree- ment with their servants, and if they must impound,--and we cannot say that they should not,--keep for their own use, or hand over to the funds of some charity the proceeds of such impound- ing. By their so doing can we only hope to see this worst of imposition and robbery abolished. 