KEW BAPTIST CHAPEL. On Sunday, the 15th instant, the Rev. Isaac Kew, of Melbourne, preached two sermons in White's Room, to the congregation under the pastoral care of the Rev. Silas Mead, M.A., LL.B. The inclemency of the weather, no doubt, prevented many from attending who would otherwise have been present, so that the place was not more than two thirds filled ; but if Mr. New's talents as a preacher were more generally known here, we think there would have been a larger attendance. We hope the weather will be more propitious on Wednesday, when the foundation-stone of the new chapel is to be laid, and Mr. New is to lecture in the evening. The rev. gentleman, before announcing his text, said that he felt very unfit to preach ; his voice was wrong, and he felt altogether unwell. The closeness of the room, in consequence of the weather, must also have been trying to the preacher. The text was taken from Acts ii. 41-47, after reading which Mr. Kew proceeded as follows Beautiful is this exhibition of the first Christian Church ; it was composed of the immediate disciples of the Lord Jesus, and of those who started been converted under Peter's sermon. That discourse was full of life and power ; the assembly were disposed to scoff, but their attention was arrested, and they became agitated and cried out Men and brethren, what must we do ? They stood convicted of the crime of killing their King ; but heinous as was their sin there was mercy even for them. " Repent, and be baptized" said the Apostle, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost." Here was the substance of the Gospel, and it was glad tidings to them. They were bowed down by the sense of guilt, trembling and despair seized them, and in their distress they cried, " What must we do " That same Jesus, whom they had slain, was revealed to them as living to make intercession for them. He had prayed for his murderers when he died, and now he had risen to heaven, he still prayed for them. This was music to their ears it was melody in their hearts. They felt the power of the Word-they tasted its sweetness. They were melted into an affectionate and grateful submission. They felt him to be worthy of the crown which he wore, and in their hearts they crowned Him afresh as their Lord and their God. The least they could do was to be baptised in His name-to seal the bond with their Lord, and they were willing to lay themselves on the altar as a sacrifice to Him. No labors were wearisome to them now in the service of God, if they could only retain the fervor of their virgin zeal. Oh! the rapture of those hours ; but alas ! alas ! that they should so soon pass away. The Apostles might well have been filled with dismay at the magnitude of the commission which had been entrusted to them, but the Spirit of God came down amongst them, and under one sermon three thousand were converted. K there had been any doubt left in the minds of any of the Apostles, surely it would be now removed. Mark the docility of these new disciples. " They continued steadfastly in the Apostles' doctrine, and in breaking of bread and in prayer." They were no doubt anxious and trembling, but they continued steadfast, and the Apostles were their authorised teachers, and how gladly would they receive from the lips of those who had attended on their Lord, the account of the various incidents of his life, of his dying scenes, and of his last prayer. Their hearts would glow, their souls would dilate with capture, their minds would expand, their views enlarge, and their thoughts extend into scenes of ethereal and surpassing beauty, and they would catch inspiration from these things. They continued also in fellowship. Christ unseen was in the midst of them, diffu- sing through their souls a delightful sense of pardon ; the covenant was theirs, the kingdom was theirs, all things were theirs, and they were Christ's, and Christ was God's and this covenant would continue when the sun itself should be extinguished, and the world and all that is in it should be dissolved. They had also fellowship with their suffering Lord. This is indicated in the words breaking of bread," according to the command of Christ that they should celebrate the last supper, and they would recognise as often as they are of that bread, and drank of the cup that they lived by faith on the Son of God and they would realise their oneness with Christ in heart, in nature, in design, and in prospect, and how would they come from these celebrations refreshed and strengthened for the Christian life and conflict ! They continued also in prayer, What a privilege was this, to be permitted to speak with God-to ask things of Him, and to know that while we are thus engaged we have an Advocate before the Throne, who is pleading for us, who helps our suit, and who at the same time encourages us to enlarge our desires, to increase our petitions, to ask great things, to " open our mouths wide that they may be filled." The Apostles were praying wen. As soon as Christwqi taken from them they felt their" utter helplessness, and betook themselves to prayer. There was hope and joy and comfort in prayer. They felt they could not do without it and it was the exercise of prayer which made them the wonder of the world around, and these new converts caught the same spirit, and their hearts were invigorated and their faith strengthened by the exercise, Mark their fraternal unanimity ; they were of one heart, and they met dairymen in the temple, but in sections and in each other's houses. They were a company of brothers, exercising a common faith. Petty divisions and jealousies there were none. There was no anxiety as to who should be chief. Love dwelt amongst them Christian, divine love and wherever that love dwells, all angry passions subside, and the fruit of the Spirit is seen, and plants of grass spring up and bear sweat fruit, and the very leaves are for the hearing of the nations ; the more we exhibit of this spirit the more influence shall we exercise in the world. The themes that engaged their thoughts would be invested with a brighter light-with a richer influence and they would talk of their holy religion, and be lifted above the things of time and or sense into rapt delight in the things of God. How pleasurable would he such meetings, and how profitable "too ! they would look forward with delight to the hour that brought them together, and regret the time of separation. Mark their disinterested beneficence, "They had all things common." Those that had possessions sold them, and put the proceeds into a common fund. This was in obedience to a > apostolic law, but it was the result of their fraternal and benevolent feeling-'. It was not intended to be a rule for adoption by other Churches, but as it obtained in the Church as Jerusalem-it teaches an important lesson-it shows how evangelical religion relaxes the grasp of selfishness, and it shows the reality of the profession of Christianity when its dis- ciples are willing thus to part with their worldly goods at the same time a due regard for our own interests may he tempered and sanctified, and preserved from degenerating into selfishness. Observe the joy which these early Christians experienced. While they would grieve over their sins, in having destroyed the Lord of Life and Glory, the sense of pardon through his blood and of love to him would turn their grief into joy, and they would feel delight in their fraternal love, and in the prospect of endless bliss in heaven, purchased for them by the death of Christ and could they be otherwise than happy. There was no desire to return again to the " beggarly elements of this world ;" no, all such desires were banished by the heavenly joy which they felt. Mark the effect of these things on the world around ; " fear came upon all 5" they were 50 taken by surprise that they were for the time disarmed, and thought not of persecution. These Christians commanded respect; they were holy and harmless-upright, peaceful, and affectionate, and they put to silence the cavils of foolish men. We know this only continued for a time, but it continued long enough for the Church to take root, and thus, in the crucifixion of Christ God made the wrath of man to praise him. Observe the success of the Gospel. The Lord added to the Church daily such as should be saved. We can imagine the early Christians labouring and toiling for the salvation of others, and their labours were not in vain, for the Lord sent his blessing and added daily to the Church of such as should be saved. How much is there in this early Church worthy of our imita- tion ; their christian conduct, their fraternal love, and their anxiety for the conversion of others ! Let me urge on you to follow their example, and then shall we see larger accessions made to the Church of such as shall he everlastingly saved. The "Rev S. Mead" preached an impressive sermon in the afternoon to a very fair audience considering the state of the weather. His text was from Corinthians I, chap, my., 25th verse ; f' He must reign" till he hath put all things under his feet, In the evening a very large congregation assembled, and the room was well filled. The Rev. Mr. New having given out his text, Psalm lxxiv., v. 12, " God is working salvation in the midst of the earth proceeded : " The earth is the Lord's, and the fulness thereof." He 1 eared its stately frame, He formed it for the home of man, whom he destined to honor and serve Him that he might be fitted to enjoy all His munificent gifts. But what a different scene does our earth present from what God intended . It is rolling amongst the spheres wrapt in gloom ; it is a revolted province in God's empire men abhor the worship of God ; they throw down His altars and revile His ministers ; they bite and devour one another, and each man under the dominion of sin would be a God to himself; an enemy hath done this the prince of darkness has found his way here and sown the seeds of rebellion. Now there is nothing contrary to our ideas of right to suppose that God might justly have abandoned mankind to eternal ruin, but he has not done so, he has provided a ransom ; gloomy as things are at present it will not always remain so ; a brilliant prospect is before us ; the devil is to be de- throned, idolatry destroyed, God everywhere worshipped and beloved ; selfishness will not be known, but the members of the human family will be united in one common brotherhood under their Father and God. Oh ! scenes surpassing fable yet to be real and true; God has revealed it in His own word, and He will reveal His character as a God of love, a God all-wise, and all His plans are to be looked at with reference to the end. Salvation is the end contemplated ; the salvation of man, not of a few, not of man generally from social evils, but the salvation of mankind from sin. Man's heart has become depraved, wife. His affections are estranged ; his conscience is seated his apprehensions as to what is right are beclouded. He does not like to retain God in his knowledge. Man will worship the most hideous forms rather than God. This is no picture of the imagination ; we have only to read the accounts of heathen lands, or even to look into our own hearts for proof of this estrangement from God. But the holy God has determined, notwithstanding all this sinfulness, to save man, to substitute light for darkness, holiness for sin, and to qualify him for the purest happiness of which intelligent spirits are capable. We have in the language of the text the process mentioned ; God is working salvation, and this process has been going on ever since the fall, and was consummated when the Son of God bowed his head upon the cross ; God could not save man in any other way than by the sacrifice of His Son. There is no more sacred thing in the universe than law. God's law had been broken, insulted, and it must be vindicated. it must have some effective guarantee that it should be respected in any scheme for man's salvation, and this was done in the sacrifice of the Son of God. The Divine Justice has been appeased, and man's salvation effected. Looking back from this point we see the wonderful way in which God's designs were unfolded, the separation of the Jews as a people peculiar to himself, light gradually breaking until the min ss or time was come. And though the victim died, he was raised again. When we see twelve of His disciples, unlearned and ignorant men, standing boldly forth and proclaiming the risen Saviour ; when we see one converted by a direct and miraculous Divine agency standing forward before the Jewish Councils, before the Court of Athens, and confusing all the learning and all the sophistry of the age, we see something of the plan by which God works salvation. The world is under mediatorial dominion. Christ is exalted far above principalities and powers, and ever liveth to make intercession for us. He has all the attributes of God with more than all the affection and tender feelings of a brother to mankind. He does not now come forward prominently on the scene, but he employs innumerable agencies-a complicated network of means-for the attainment of his ends, while he conceals himself behind the machinery he employs. Truth is declared by the instrumentality of men ; it is shown as precisely adapted to man-it shows the wisdom and prudence of God-it has its depths which an angel cannot penetrate, but its principles can be understood by a child-it has broken hearts and healed them-it has converted the lion into the lamb, the hoary-headed Firmer to a child at the feet of Jesus. Some truth lodged in the mind has quickened a dead soul into life, like a dart tipped with celestial fire and this divine truth, proclaimed from the pulpit, taught in the Sunday-school, conveyed in a tract or in some colloquial form, has been instrumental in converting souls, and is part of the process of salvation. There are diversities of operation, but the same God working in all. His operations are for the most part mysterious-they are seen only by their effects, they defy the closest scrutiny of the keenest intellects. There is, however, a wider range of His activity in which He especially appears-in raising up individuals at special times for special purposes. He raised up Moses and qualified him for the work of delivering His people and Israel. David was also raised up as the king of His people and the prophets were inspired with thoughts that breathed and words that burned." It is only in this way that we can account for twelve poor fishermen " turning the world upside down." At another time God wanted an agent to shew the errors of the Church of Rome, and he raised up a Luther, and endowed him with the courage of a hero and the devotion of a martyr. God raised up his heroes too in England. When he desired to provide for the spiritual welfare of the young he appointed Raikes to establish Sunday schools in the kingdom. God's providence, too, is an important agency. There are a number of events constantly occurring, which are not of a religious character, but yet which have an important influence upon the great results which have to be worked out, the progress of the arts, the diffusion of knowledge. Though various systems of philosophy which are ever and anon broached and launched upon the world, may sometimes seem detrimental to the spirit of Christianity, they often by the enquiry which they cause, result in unexpected good. Those systems which are occasionally propounded with great eclat are sometimes instrumental in rousing the Church, and so are productive of good. The discoveries of gold and other sources of wealth, which excite so much of human cupidity, ara overruled by God for the benefit of the race. Foundations are being laid in this southern hemisphere for future commonwealths, and God's cause is planted here, and some of the wealth is employed for the furtherance of that cause. It is God's prerogative to wield the attributes of man for His own wise purposes, and a man who had no design when acquiring his wealth of contributing to the furtherance of God's kingdom is often made to do so. Henry the Eighth had no idea of advancing the kingdom of God when, in the exercise of his licentious and imperious will he separated from the Church of Rome ; yet his doing so helped forward the Reforma- tion. On the other hand, those humble efforts made by God's pe 'pie, in faith, are accepted by Him and worked up in the vast designs which He is accomplishing. That laborious Sabbath-school teacher, that earnest but timid tract distributor, are doing a work the importance of which in its results cannot be estimated until " the day shall declare it," and you who are engaged in erecting a place of worship to the honor and glory of God, are doing what is acceptable in his sight, and you will earn that smile which will reward you for your Gabo' s. God is doing a great work, and taking my stand on the pro- phecies, I assert that we have a glorious future before us j the wilderness W'U become an Eden, and the desert as the garden of the Lord. But God invites your co-operation. He stoops to urge you to blend with him as co-workers; to bring your talents as He has brought. His perfection. God's object is to drive the Prince of Darkness out of the world with all his hellish crew, Come then young and old, rich and poor, come to the help of the Lord in working salvation in the midst of the earth." 