.'!-.. . . THE BISHOP'S CIBWÜLABV .,, ; .,!:,..'. I . ! _. ' '..\t*Jt»,«Ëititrït'a*nmàl*l "". am-The In late day's paper I totaller addressed by the Blow of Sydney to the clergy of the diocese, stating, 2. It is Pty wish. at the commencement of the new year, to write the it of the Canna of England in Sydney and in Bstghboa^h-t, ki unite in prayer to Almighty God, for the DMSV blessing eyes ourselves, and QBOB the world at large." And than for our 3. orara«-ant-creery properly tostante«'th« son? of State for united prayer, _ the giving of the Holy Ghost at the day ? Feetecoet, and the deliverance of His Peter from prison. Thteeiraalar, to a stranger, might appear very sisters and reverent, batta my own mind it has erected strangeness and feelings. The manager might things that we were living in peace and harmony, and threw war savings prepared davies example to the world ; but I am painfully aware- that care and strife and division amongst us, and that our terms -Edition is patent to the whole Chunk. . . If our meeting was sought as an eleven for MtahU_*i unity and trees. It would be a story of rejecting, bat affairs I know, it will be anything but a opportunity for fervent, intmate private. J eta receive. two inches arrayed fat Conflict, divided off by the spa- for action, and with burnished weapons, prtrlK to the God of Peace for victory over each other. " ' ' IamledtooaderatandthMthar* existance deep and dire garded complaints of atonement and arbitrary' conduct Ia' WS governments theCh«rehhere, said that threats aadataadiar end thrust saide in,«u*bUahlag the present doubtful tal BBjaopalar policy. l T mutestiUP-dlngtaoMofoueoartecf justice. Others, we hear, have equal size of complaint, and tyres turtle the table with their revelations. Radar a... circumstances, it appears evident to all that is. real and Chrtetten reconciliation most take place before we is told In. fervent re- united prayer. We must go through a painful and humiliating duty of saving our unchristian dit- eyes, and feeling each other's tea. before we approach a threat of grant, for public blessing. if a room that was a Jew, if he approached God's altar with a bullock or a lamb, may later take tender and forgiving spirit, how shall we, shall register the waters of love, approach the altar acceptable. with oaftatM with another. Why-y*BMr»_-tAlu wrong of Why de P not rather suffer yowraeWee to be defrauded 1" H Ray, ye do wrong, and defraud, and that your brother." Howetown, to»reiore,»»semblitoprsy forth peace of the world, when u we bite and devour one another for however expect an answer to our prayer when we neglect the «¡>««>M« of him who said, so If they bring the gift to trailer. as. UNI rem*-tar*«nt_t thy brother hint caught against a levy there they gift towards the altar, and go thy way; to be reconciled to thy brother, and then come and offer thy gift. 1 ~ NEBO. Sydney, January 3rd, < 2, A 