THEATRICALS AND MUSIC. IHI1TRS! nOlAL Tho brief engagement of tho Marsh troupe terminated on Saturday evening, when the young folks appeared In tlio ' Uri^anil ' and the ' Toodlet.' On Monday, nfter ' Daddy Hardacro,' tho two French instrumentalists, MM. I'oussard and Douay. made their first public ap pearance in Melbourne. Their European reputation hnd attracted a large attendance of the musical cognoscenti, nnd their verdict fully corroborated tho favourable opinion arrived at elsowhero. The mueical critic of tho Herald describes tho performance in tho following graphic words:—' A fantasia, having for its themo the melody «f our national anthem, and arranged, or rather spiritualised, as a duet, for violin nnd violoncello, ushered in tho portion of the entertainment in which tho debu tants participated. Tbo noble air and the elaborate vari ations wero rendered with a force, brilliancy, and fancy which, so far as the antecedents of music in this colony aie considered, Bet all comparison nt defiance. Both performers are evidently capablo of demonstrating in tho highest degree every resource which their instruments have hitherto been supposed to possess, and they evi dently do not stop at those, which havo been previously attempted. Both artisU, snd especially M. Douay, excel in ' triclt passages,' tho latter performing miracles of this kind upon the violoncello. Infinite invention, and daring innovation, combined with a delicacy and ease ot execution truly wonderful, enable this new dlsciplo of Psganini t-- worthily emulate, if not to surpass, on the larger instrument, tho wildest efforts of that unique master. But we should think this praiso Incomplete, could wo not add to it, that M. Douav in acquiring the dexterity and heresies of this school, has by no meanB neglected what we must still consider tho higher and more valuable region of this divine art. In orthodox, sound playing, both artists are thorough masters— the power and fulness of u blow movement, Uio lirilliuucy and precision of an allegretto or a presto— marvellous chords, arpeggios, staccatos, cromatics,— almost Invisi ble, and quite incredible feats of bowing— the delicious richness nnd pathos of their cantahile passages,— tho combination of all theso nnd many other triumphs of study, uill at once entitlo them to the unqualified encc ?niiiins of all who know aught of the unlimited capabi liiies of tho instruments they so worthily dovelopo ' Got! nave tho Queen,' and its vagaries, must be beard to bo appreciated. Tbo precision and aplomb with which both players fly over tholr strings, and tnko up positions on every part of the finger-board, and even boyond its limitfl, enable thorn to convert the anthem into a fan tusia which even its author, could ho be told, would never believe had been realised. Tho criticism of nno piece, indoed, is tho story of tho wholo. Tho perfection of neatness nnd cleanness, and wild freedom of manipu lation, characterises tho most extraordinary of passages, the performer contributing his own full accompanimonts, in choriln and plzzicatos, to his own air,— throwing in now nn.l then a delicious hero^y in harmonics, whilo in time, and in u bor'a silent timo,' altering tho pitch of n string to catch a frcah cluster — flitting from one extravagance to anothor, till at last the bow is discarded nlto^ether and- tho viol dis courses tho richest of banjo melodies— followed again by tho most plaintive of themes, — till even the cods explode iu Hxtacics. Is it Decenary to say more? Wu think' not; (.ml, those who may wish to know more, cannot do hotter than go nnd hear Messrs. l'oussard and Bonny for thomselves. The pieces in addition to tho anthem were — Solo, violin, 'Lucia di Laminorniaor' (M. Poussnrd), exquisitily plarod; ' Sound Uio Pibroch,' very woll sung by Miss Julia Har Innd ; ' Sorenado' (Schubert), by M. Douay, in tho truest and richest stylo of tho art j 'Hondo Auvergr.at* (l)ouay), oncored, when M. Douay gavo the 'Carnival iio Paris' — n charming little fancy \ tha ' Miserere' from ' Trovntore '— M. Dnuny (organ), M. Poulard (violin), and Mr. f.oivi=i, of the Philharmonic Society (pianoforte) —a very fine- performance, In which M. Douay V inter pretation of 'Ah cho la morte' proved the high qualities of his talents, though Mr. Lewis's spirited instrumenta tion somewhat overpowered tho violin.' Mrs. Mowatt's play of the ' Soldier of Fortuno' was produced on Tues day night, but came to an abrupt termination owing to an accident which occurred, to Mm Holt. TUo second act ends with » passionate ficeno between Ulancho (Mrs. Holt) and the Due do Itiiheliou (Mr. Edwaids), at tb« cloBe of which tho Indy throws herself upon the ground. In her tall Mrs. Holt cut her face so soveroly that she was unable to appear in the third act, and ' Daddy Ilnrdncro'had to bo substituted on Wednesday night. On Thursday Mr. Lambert took his benefit, tho ?' School for Scandal' being the pieco solectod. - The houso was but moderately attended, a circumstanco, we regret the more, as Sir Peter Teazle is one of this gcnjleman's best characters. There are few actors »n tho English stago who could depict tho irascible but kind-hearted bnronot which Sheridan drew so naturally us Mr. Lambert does, and tho Mrs. Candour of Mrs Phillips is a thoroughly artistic portrait. Mr. Edwards is n much moro than average Joseph Surface, though he scarcely came lip to tho requirements of the character j and Jlr. Holt infuses n considerable amount of vivacitv into the cnrolcss and light-hearted Charles. Mr. Hoskins was thoroughly at home in tho part of Sir Renjumin Uackbito; nnd Miss Harland, who played Lady Teazle in consequenco of tho illness of Mrs. Holt, astonished us with tho case nnd graco with which she identilied herself with her part. The minor characters wero fulrlv sustained, and altoge thor tho style in which 'The School for Scandal' was rendered wns highly nreditablo to the company, nnd fully justified the management in repeating it last night. Tho performances this evening are under tho patronage of Sir Henry and Lady Darkly; and on Atonday Mr. Charles Young, an old colonial actor who has, since he left us, acquired an European reputati'O), will appear for tho first time sinco his return. Tho lessees of this theatre aro doing all in their power to obtain the patronage of '.lie public, and it is a matter of considerable surpriso to us that they have not been bettor supported. But it is not in mortals to command success, even though they do all in their power to deserve it. rairscEs.O's tiieathe. The succcfb of ' Aladdin, or tho Wonderful Scamp,' has been so unqualified that there seems to be very little probability of its withdrawal from the bills forsomo timo to come; while the manager's version of '?' Tho Perfect Cure' appears likely to become as popular in drawing rooms as on tho stngo. On tho principle that extremes meet, Mr. I'nwcett has produced a melodrama of tho most terrible description to precede tho burlesque. ' Tho Phantom,' which was played for the rjmt time on Mon day evening, is from the fertile and facile pen of Mr. Bourcicnult, but it reminds us very forcibly of ' The Vampire,' to which it boars a close resemblance, al thoDgh the situations are, if possible, still more frightful than iu that most horriblo of stories. The Vampire, who in the first act assumes for the nonce the name of Ger vase ltokewood,was plavcd by Mr. l'awcctt, who was as supernatural and unearthly as tho exigencies of thepicco required. Ho makes an attempt upon the life of a lady whom he meets near Snowden, and is shot by nn atten dant cavalier, who, however, implores tbo forgiveness of his victim. This is granted by the Vampire on condi. tion that his body should bo placed upon the apex of tho mountain in such a position that the first beams of tho rising mocn should lull upon his face. The request is complied with, and the first act concludes with the re suscitation of the monster. In the second act wo are introduced to an entirely different set of characters, and on this occasion tho Vampire has fixed upon Ada (Mi83 Dunn) as the victim by whom hia life should bo prolonged for another cen tury. His cadaverous appearance, and extraordinary habits induce suspicion, and eventually he is shot ac cording to the formula laid down for destroying vriii pires, and he cumbers tho earth no more. The drama, although rather too semation-v, was not uninteresting, and was very warmly received. On Saturday night the performances wero for the benefit of Mr. J. H. Wilton, a gentleman vho enjoys a most cosmopolitan reputation as a theatrical agent, but who is best known in the Austra lian colonies n3 having brought out Mr. Brooke and Sir William and Lady Don. After the first piece, "The Siege of Lucknow," Mr. Wilton appeared upon the stage accompanied by Mr. Fawcett, and in the course of the dialogue which followed announced that he was going to England by the mail steamer which was to sail on the following day, that he had been five times round the world, and that he hoped while in England to induce Madame Celeste, Mr. Charles Matthews, and Mr. Robson to visit these colonies. It had been announced that he would whistle a duet, but no mistrusted his own power, and would instead sing a song. "A secret worth knowing," which the bills promised that Mr. Wilton would impart to his patrons, turned out to be a plan of so folding a pocket handkerchief that it resembled a nightcap. Altogether he left the impression that not withstanding his buoyancy, he was much more calculated to shine as an agent than as an actor, and that the fewer his appearanccs behind the footlights the better for his reputation. An : matcur porformanco was Riven last evening in aid of tl,« Mortyn Memorial Fund, the pieces selected bolng ' Eily O'Connor' and 'Korv O'More.' One eentleman, Mr. Porde. who played Danny Mann, displayed conniderablo ability, nndjhii portraiture was perhaps in re true to nature 'though Km picturesque than that we hnvo been acouslcmed to fee. Tho other a-tors wrre njt ranch more ridiculous than nmatours are gonerally, nnd their mistakes wero vory leniontly dealt w.th. BM»X!VCi: OF WAT,EN XHE.IT8E. If any of the gentlemen who wero sworn in before their Honours the Judges yesterday are anxious to learn something of the vicissitudes of pnrty and tho ups end downs of political life, they cannot do bettor than study the fortunes of an unsuccessful theatre. Thcro is a sort of mystic bond of union between tho stago and the senate-house. Tho Chief Secretary answers to the manager, and tho ministers to tho members of the company. Now tho lesseo is wafted by tho soft and favouring breezes of prosperity, and anon ho is met by a vote of want of confidence in tho shape of empty benches. Ono administration succeeds another with an unhappy frequency. Ono obscure entrepreneur presses close upon the heels of another. Now a bold dictator or star grasps tho reins of power and surrounds him self with a set of nonentities, and anon a coalition ot mediocrities scizo the treasury benches, or tho unhappy theatre falls into tho hands of eomo half dozen poor fellows, whose lives have been but a phantasmagoria of shadows without any substance at all, and who form themselves into a republic with the intention of shar ing tho worse than doubtful profits. To recount the history ofan unfortunate theatre wculd bo a task worthy the pen of a Macaulay, were it not that tho public take as littU interest in dreary gossip of those dingy coulisses where the principal topic of conversation is tho non-payment of salary, as thoy do in the currency question or tho grievances of 1'ull-privato Rea. Public indifference is as fatal to managers as to demagogues, and will shut up a thcatro as readily as a stump-orator. At last tbo coming man makes hia appearance, and whether as omperor, statesman, or manager, inaugurates a new era, and tho unlucky theatre emerges from the slough of despond, and takes its place amongst its fellows as a recognised plscoof WuloH has been under a cloud. It Iibb been principally remarkable for the facility with which it conducted Its lessees to the Insolvent Court. Equestrian performances and death's-head nnd cross bono melodramas, alter nated with bal masques and free-and-easies. Com plaints that tho theatre was too small to pay wero tjacnlatcd.by managers who had to play to empty pits, and boxes filled with paper. Tho ghost refused to walk (to use a theatrical phrase, which means that deferred payment was tho primary articlo of political faith), except at very irregular intervals, and, savo in tho theatrical column of Sell, tho Prince of Wales was but little known out of doors. If it had a public, it must have, been both limited and local. Miss Gordon has, however, broken the spell of ill-luck, has brought together a very tolorable vaudovlllo and burlesquo com pany, and has succeeded in attracting very good audi ences. The pieces aro well chosen, aro well mounted, and fairly acted. During the week 'To Oblige Hen son,' ?' Tho Four Sisters,' ' Tho Kiflo Volunteers,' and ' Perfection,' havo boon played ; but the principal attraction has been that capital burlcnquo, 'The Willow-pattern Plate,' in which Miss Gordon makes a very captivating Chang. Mr. and Mrs. Simms. and our old friends Ilydea and Walsh, give very efficient support to tho manageress, and though sono of the minor characters aro but inefficiently supported, the enurtaininent is altogether of a much hlghtr clais than the pricos would lead ouo to expect. PROVINCIAL Ballaauat.— Sir William and Lady Don termi nated their engagement at tho Royal on Saturday, when '-The Willow CopBe' was performed. At tha conclusion of the piece, Sir William cama before tho curtain and acknowledged the heart}- welcome which he had received from tha Ballairatisns. He bad been quite astonished, be said, on this bis first visit to the goldfields to find Buch opulence and comfort on every side. He was now about to visit the other gold districts with Lady Don, and would be perfectly con tented if thoy mot with onc-quartur the patronage there which had been accorded to them at the Royal. On Monday tho Marsh troupe mado their appoiranco after a very disagreeable journey from Geolong, in the courso of which they had to walk somo distance, on account of the wretched state of tho roads. 'The Urigand' and ' Toodlos' woro tho pieces eolected for representation on the first and second ovcninf.o. Tho first piece is well adapted to eIiow off tho careful tuition which the juveniles havo received, and their perfect familiarity with stage business. Tho p&rt; of tho hero, Massaroni, wns entrusted to Miss Louiso Arnot, a young Indy evidently possessed of considerable ability, who made up and looked well, but murrcd her delinea tion pf tho character by her stagey style of acting, and tho unpleasant voice which she assumed — wo suppose aa a necessary appendage to her masculine attire. After some very graceful dancing, tha curtain roso on the farco of ' Toodles,' in which Maitor George Marsh was an good as over, and kept the audience in penla of laughter : tho contrast to Sir William Don's represen tation of tho same character was very amusing. A« Mrs. Toodlos, Miss Jenny Arnot was oxcellent,'ant fairly divided tho honours with hor lord and master, | tbo inebriated Toodles. Oa Wednesday and Thursday ' Don Ctoiar do Bazan' and ' Betsy Baker' wero performed. Considering; the amount of money wnicu tho Dons took from the pockets of the playgoers, tlio Marsh troupe may bo said to havo dono a very goou businosB sinco their arrival. ? . , Back Chuhk.— From tho iV. W- Chromcle wo gather tho following information :— ' A movement is on bdtut Back Creek to securo the erection of another thentro, towards which object, wo understand, £300 havo been already subscribed. The ido.t is to si art ft company on tho joint st«ck principle, in sharca of £1U each ; tho building not to exceed £1,000 id cost. Several parlies, wo aro told, havo offered to tako two and thrco shores each. Tho sito of tho now building is not yet fixed upon. Mndamo Durct's benefit attracted a vory largo audience to the Theatre Royal on Monday night; pit, boxes, nnd stalls being crowded to oxcess. Ino Scotch drama of ' Rob Hoy' was presontcd in which tho btnejiciaire appeared (is* Helen Macjrrcgor. Of any actress or such ability as Madame Durot, wo need state no moro than that sho ncquhted herself with her usual happy success. Mr. Elmsley was tho Rob Roy, and Mr. Jackson, Major Galbraith. On tho fall of the cur tain MndnniB Durct was loudly called for, and on appear ing addressed tho nudienco in a very appropriate speech, thanking them for their attendance, and expressing regret nt being compelled to lenvo Back Creek, but adding that sho would seek an early opportunity of again appearing beforo them. Tho performance was brought to a conclusion bv tho comedy of ' Winning a Husband.'' Mr. II. N. Warner and Miss Annie Lock hart appeared in the 'Hunchback' ou Wednesday evening. Bbndioo. — Tho Binnchis commencod n six nights' engngement nt the Lyceum on Monday lnjt, ' previous to their departure for California.' Selections from operas havo been tho order of tho evening, but wo re gret to ndii that tho public support hnB not been com mensuratc with the quality of tho entertainment. Tuesday's Advertiser states that 'tho selection from Verdi's 'Ernani,' which opened tho programme, brought out Signora Biancbi and the Signor, and Mr- J. Gregg, all of whom met with a moat gracious reception. A sceno from 'Trovatoro' followed, and in this anew soprano, Madame Stuttaford, mado a first appearance. The lady'a voice, though hardly eu'itod to Verdi' in his scrccchier passages, is pure, flexiblo, nnd of n very fair compnss. Her manner is simple nnd engaging; hor appournnce all in her fnvour. This evening, ii wilj be seen, sho is to sustain the rolo of Aminn. in some scenes from Bollini's opera of 'La Sonnnmbuln,' a stylo af music we tnke to bo more adapted to hor power, both of voice and expression, than tho composer's she sung last evening. In tho concert which concluded the per formance, Madame Slutlnford and Mr. Gregg sang a number of songs, all of which wero rewarded by demands for repetition.' At tho Royal tho fniry cxtravngnnza ' Tho Invisible Prince' has been tho hit of the week, nnd wns thus commented upon inTucsday's^l(/rei'-i«r : — 'Tho applauso bestowed last night olearly showed that tho audience harj a very high opinion of tbo merits of tho different performers. Miss Fanny Young infused a vast amount of fun into her part of Apricntina — dancing, singing, nnd noting wilh an abandon and humour mirth - provoking in tho extreme. Miss Edouin made a charming Lcandcr, nnd though in tho duets sho sang with Apricotina she was a littlo wanting, her dashing air and manner carried her through wonderfully well. A break-down introduced in tbo course of the picco was ns grotesquely comic as it was possible to be, without becoming comic; Miss Young, in what is commonly termed ' tho double' shuffle,' showing a proficiency and knowledge of steps which oven Burbank might envy. Tho rest of tho parts wero evenly filled— the Furibond of Mr. Grcvillo Btnnd ing first in point of excellence. Fairies in gossamer wero as plentiful as bees in summer, and added no Hide to the success of tho piece. The scenery was pretty — a forest view, the Palace of Pleasure, and a transformation scene being about tho best.' CabtlekainB. — (From tiio Mail )— On Monday and Tueeday evenintra Misu Knto Wnrde, ns^iatod by Mr. Viuaon and othors, gavo what wero not improperly termed two drawing room entertainments, coiifiiatincr of n kind of medley, entitled ' Patchwork,' in which scenes from various comrdios aro dexterously tacked together, nnd interspersed with nppronrinte music- The evening's nmusemont included tho force of tho 'Morning Call,' which was excollently played, and highly appre ciated. On Wednesday night tho entertainment con sisted of tho potito drama of 'Tho Old Guard,' and ' Patchwork.' The proceeds of the perform ance went to the assistance of tho hand fund, and was under tho especial patronage of tho Volunteers. On Monday next, Sir William and Lady Don will intio duco their tnlonts to n Custloinnlue andlenoo, under tlm losseeshlp of Mr. Harwood, late manager of tbo Mcl bottrno Tlteatro Koyal Chkswick.— Tuesday's local paper has tho follow ing: — 'Mr. Stuart O'Brien and a company from tho Thcatro Royal, Ballaarat, appeared last night in ' Love's Sacrifico,' and ? Monsieur Jacques,' with songs and a beautiful reading of Hood's ' Bridge of Sighs ' (rendered by Mr. Ireland) as an interlude. Both pieces went off capitally before a crowdod house, Mr. O'Brien, in answer to a call, appearing bofore the curtain at the end of tho first piece, thanked tho audience, announcing that so soon as his engagement with Sir William and Lady Don terminated, ho hoped to appear again beforo them. The whole of tbo performers, embracing Mesdaincs Fitzgerald and O'Brien, nnd Messrs. Ireland, Leslie, dearie, and O'Brien, exerted thcmsolvcs to tlio satisfaction of the audience, evinced by repeated applause, Hr. O'Brien, as Monsieur Jacques, shone to great advan tage. Tbo result of last night'a entertainment clearly proved that a good company is almost certain of securing a bumping house- Mr- King, as pianist, did wonders with the instrument at his command.' Gkelono. — From Tuesday's Advertiser, wo learn that ' tho adjourned meeting of persons favourable to tho orcction of a second theatre in Gcelong wns held yesterday oytning at tbo Black Bull hotel, Mr. A . C. Macdonald in tho chair. A prospectus hn'l benn drawn up, the clauses of which woro put seriatim to the meeting, nnd with n few trifling amendments adopted. The company present was Bmall but Influential, and there is no doubt from what transpired that tho matter may bo regarded us tin fait accompli. Tho ooncort at tho Mechanics' Institute on Tuesday night was, In ovory way, successful. Fortunato in tho weniher. tho attsnd amo waa large, and tho Midlenco evidently in thchumour to rnjoy 'to tho utmost tbo treat provided. Mr. Winter bottom, en the baiBOon, oponcd the programme with one of hia favourite pieces, eolectionB from 'La Sonnainbula,' very effeotivoly played. Miss Hamilton followed wllh ono of Mncfarren's arrangements of an old EnglUh ballad, ' Lilly Lyo,' and Mrs. Youngo tang a Scotch Ipgenrt, still older, ' Hnntingtower,' with archness nnd ?vivacity. Among the remaining pieces on tho pro gramme, wero solos by Mr. Wintorbotlnm on thf cornct-a-piiton, introducine the difficult 'echo' offects, and on tin fligeolet. Mn, Younpo and Miss Hamilton alternately kent un the nnirit. of tlm nni-r. tnlnmont, nnd the audionco wero lavish of applause and enoorcs. In Irish ditties, such as ' Kitty Zyrell,' nnd 'Barney d'Hoa,' Mrs. Youngo iswitliout a rival, ond ono cannot help regretting that bo good nn nctreas and voc«list should not havo on opportunity of rc-npnoarlng in Geolonc In her proper sphere— tho stngo. Mrs. Younge played a pianoforte nccompanimont to overy Hung idu instrumental piece; ana, in laot, during the wholo ovininjr, was Bcareoly off tho platform ' TAnnK.NOOwuR.— Miss Kate Wnrde and Mr. VinBon caro their ' Patchwork' entertainment at tho Kangaroo Theatro on Friday and Saturday last. COXOXIAK. AnitLAiDH.— Wo abridge tho following from lust Saturday's Sell's Life : — ' In our last Isbuo wo announced the arrival of Mr. nnd Mra. neir. During the week both have taken tho leading characters in somo of our finest p'ays, and wo can unhesitatingly bestow almost unqualified praiso on their performances. We have seen only ono silly critiquo that differed from this opinion ; but tho observations woro so evidently ignorant or in tentially ill-natured that fow conld bo misled by them. Tho previous company havo well supported tho ' BtnrB,' and the week's performances have been really deserving of bumper houses, which, wo regret to Bny, were not obtained ; but tho attondanco was fair on an average, considering the many causes that otborwiso interfered. Tho chief fault wo noticed in the cholco of pieces was tholr want of chatactors to draw out Mrs. Heir. As both aro under engagement nt tho London Haymnrltot, «t Birmingham, Manchester, Liverpool, Glasgow, etc., where they must shortly attend, those who aro anxious to judgo for themselves havo not much time to spare. We understand that great scenic decorations and other material improvements are, now in progress, or about being commenced, which will largely add to tho comfort and ontertainment of the public.' Sydskt.— Wo reprint tlio following from last 8atnr day'» L-fi\— 'Wo havo had much novelty during tho last week; 'Lucrezla Borgia,' 'Tho Bohemian Girl,' ' Sonnamtmla,' and ' La, Traviata,' having (succeeded each othor in rapid succession. We regret, however, that tho woathcr, although less inclement than during tho two previous weeks, has been yet far from propitious. Many of tho lovers of oporatic music livo at a rather inconvenient dlstanco ; and to this fact, added to the threatening state, of tho atmosphere, wo attrlbuio tho paucity of tho attondanco at tho Victoria on many oc casions. Wo havo already expressed ourselves in terms of just praise, la speaking of our talented prlma donna but in her impersonation of Violotta in La Traviata, Bho greatly enrpassed any of hor former efforts. Her acting and singing woro faultless, and called forth In almost every eceno tho most enthusiastic applause. Among other pieces we quoto only tho nir in tlio first act— 'Oh, It 'tis true,' and 'Let mo bask In every pleasure.' Then in tbo second act, tho duet between Violotta (Madame. L. Escotl) and Germont (Mr. Far quharson);{and In tbo lost act especially, tho touching air— 'Adieu I Thou art flod,' and tho duet, 'Groat Hoavon, 'tis sad.' Wo nood not say that tho t&lented; artistt was called before the curtain at tho end of each act. Through courtesy to our worthy old favourite, Mr. Farquharson, wo pluco him before iho tenor in this notice, and would beg loavo to congratuUlo him on his convaloscenco. Mr. Farquhnrson's voico, though not yet quito en ordra, blended admirably with that of Madame L. Escott. Ills nppearanco bofnro tlio public on Wednesday night last was a real ovation. Mr. II. Squires wns a worthy Alfredo, and his voico In flrst-rato order. Ho sang- all tho solos, airs, duets, etc., with inflnito tasto and animation ; bin acting was in unison with his singing ; in ono word the pablic granted him iustico, and proved it with hands »nd voico. ah the otfier parts wore most efficiently executed. It is Georgia Hodson distinguished horse If greatly as tho Glp8y Queen, in ' Tho Bohorolvm Girl,' and received oncores on both occasions of Its performance; ns also In 'Lucrczia Borgln.' And now a few words en passant, concerning tho othor performances during tho week, '?Lucrezia Ilorgln,' 'Tho Bohemian Girl. ' 'Son- nainbula,' all in their turn havo been duly appreciated, though, perhnps, not In bo high a degree as their excel lonco would warrant. But as wo havo said bororo, tho malignant, inllucnco of tho weather had a groat deal to do with this, nnd «o hope that the success of tho rest of tho season will sot all matters right for tho Lysicr company. Madame Thercso well sup ported, especially by' Mons. Schmidt, baa delighted, night after night; the audience by hor graceful dancing. She is n decided favourito amongst us. The ballets aro woll put on tho stdgc, nnd confer great credit on tho ballot mnstcr. Last ovoning Verdi is grand opera of 'II Trovntoro' was delightfully rendered to a numerous and fashionable bouse, nnd wo trust it will shortly ho announced for repetition. This evening ' La TraViatn ' will bo reproduced, followed by tho new ballet of ' Diana and the Satyrs. Tho entertainments during tho week nt tho Royal Lyceum havo been unusually varied and attractive, nnd as a matter of desert well patronised. Tho manage ment is indefatigable in catering for tho ninuscment or tho public, and wo may mako special favourablo mention of tho dramas ' Tho Sea.' ' Sweet Alico and Ben Bolt,' nnd ' Tho Flowers of tho Forest,' all pf which wero most effectively represented. Tho comedl ettas^and farces have likowiso been judiciously selected, and for this evening tho prograniino of performances is high lv interesting. New Music— Wo hnvo rocoivid four pleaes at music, recently published in Sydney, by Mr. Clnrke. All of thorn nro qnito equal in motit to tho nvornuo pro ductions with which tho English market is fljod-d, nnd two of them, tho 'Lady Don Vnlse,' by Mr. Wiu torbotrom, and tho ' Voluntoori.' Quick March, ' by Mr. Stnnloy, nro destined to obtain a lasting popularity, Tho ' Zoo Galop' (a very appropriate nnmo, by tho way), by Mr. Wlnterbottom, in pretty and sparkling, anil tbo timo is oxcollont, and the usino may vory truly bo said of tho ' CornstMk l'ol'kn,' by Mr. Tnornton. Our favourite is, however, tho ' Lady Don Vnlac j ' tho introduction to which is especially beautiful, and woll worthy nf tho Imly to whom It' is dedicated. The way in which each picoo is printoJ is hi«hl/ creditable to tho printer and publisher, tho ' Zoo Galop ' boing illustrated with a i ortrnit of tho Champion m»ro. These piecCH mark a new era iu colonlnl art, and go far to juBtlfy Madame Blnhop'« prophecy that Australia would bo at no very distant dato a great musical country. 