WHEN a government is driven to resort to meanness and trickery in order to purchase the support and countenance of a public journal we sliall not be far wronp in stating that its chance of holding office is somewhat precarious. The COLONIAL TREASURER is, no doubt, anxious to make the amende for the Fraudulent Account business; but he Las no right to do this at the expense of others. We have borne with this sort of treatment long and patiently; and wo have done so more out of consideration for Mr. INNES'S feelings than for any other cause. His anxiety to secure the support of the Mercury has been a matter of public notoriety for a considerable time past. He has not even scrupled, in order to compass this darling objcct, to betray to the "august" proprietor of that journal the secrets of the Executive Council,—secrcts, which he had solemnly sworn he would never reveal. Rosemary Lane and Holborn Hill have charms for him now which they never before possessed. From these aristocratic localities Tasmania. Bileets her Uadcrs of public opinion and the COLONIAL THEASUJJEII his bosom friends and counsellors. Well; be it BO. There is one consolation still left to us:—We. have sounded the very depthsof moral and political degradation. Deeper than we have 6unk we cannot go. Not even the ghost of poor POOLER, if it could rise from the grave and take its seat at the ICxccutive Board, could add anything to the dignity of the government beyond driving from it, in Bhame and confusion of face, the man who, in an evil hour, he appointed as his Executor. If Free Institutions have done nothing else they have taught us that there is no amount of political rascality to which men will not descend in order to fortify themselves in power and pay. Since the Electric Telegraph was first opened every possible impediment has been thrown in the way of this journal by the Exeoutive in order to propitiate the good offices of our contemporary. Ignorant, illiterate, lowborn as he is, there is not an officer of the government who is not ready and willing to sacrifice all honor,—all pergonal respcct, merely to court his favor and win his smilo. This is what he likes. Has tho proprietor of the Mercury for gotten how often bo justified his hatred of the late PttEMlEitby publicly asserting that be had convicted him of telling a lie about these telegrams when Mr BALL Was Superintendent? Is it not natural, therefore, that Mr. INNES, who was well acquainted with all the circumstancesj should, now that the Mercury has veered round once more and seems disposed to patronize the miserable remnant of a Ministry with whioh the Colony is f urged, desire to conciliate tho i monster who arrogates to himself the title of leader of publio opinion in Tasmania? Well let him. The Fraudulent Account business and the Executorship of POOLEB'B Estate are much on a par. It is perfectly natural that there should be a secret sympathy between such men. "A rascal loves " another of the name." But is that any reason why this journal, the only representative of anything like independent feeling on this side of the Island, should be trampled upon and defrauded out of its just and honest rights ? Never but onee have we been allowed to receive our English Message first. On every oooasion some paltry quibble has been raised to throw the advantage into the hands : of the Mercury. The last arrangement | made was that these messages should be received by each journal alternately and we were perfectly satisfied with that' arrangement. Then why has it been thus dishonestly broken through 7 One reason has been assigned at one time and another at another. We had a few lines from Melbourne on Sunday night; and it is pretended that that message must stand in the place of an English telegram. The officers of the Telegraph know well that such was not the understanding entered into. Mr. FALCONEU knows it too; bnt be knows, also, that it is more than his offioe is worth to come toCROBB purposes with his redoubtable patron. It appears now that the arrangement hitherto existing with regard to the reoeipt of these telegrams has been set aside. The northern journals are to be first served because by the time our telegrams were sent through from Low Heads the steamer would be at the wharf, or nearly so, thus obviating tho necessity for those journals taking a telegram at all. ThuB the revenue would suffer and the TREASURER come to grief. When we remonstrated with Mr. FALCONER upon the gross injustice done UB we were told that the Mercury had made an arrangement to receive the Examiner's telegram and that we ought to have made a similar arrangement with the Chronicle. How were we to know this? Our message was landed at Low Heads when the 6teamer passed shortly after five o'clock in the morning, and yet it was past ten before we were entitled to reoeive a word'. But why Bhould we be put to tbe additional expense of entering into another arrangement when the telegram forwarded to us by our Melbourne Agent waa lyingat Low Heads waiting for transmission? We are not in a position to do this. Why should we deny it ? These inoessant alterations in the printed regulations are merely intended to do this journal an injury and the Mercury a service. Granted that the latter has deserved well of the government by its truoulent and grovelling abasement,—is that any reason why our telegrams should be kept back until the Examiner and Chronicle in the North and the Mercury in the South hare been served 1 We doa't blame Mr PACKER. TO use his own words he "acted under instructions." The whole thing was a conspiracy among tbe government officials to crush this journal; but we tell them they are biting against a file. If they like to kick against the pricks let them in GOD'S name; but let them remember also that there is a dissolution coming; and they may rely upon it that these matters will rise up in judgment against them when they least expect it. We are almost ashamed to say that this unfair and ungenerous conduct on the part of the government has somewhat moved us. When a man is down in tho world it is customary we know to strive to keep him down; and we have no right to expect any exemption from a practioc which, for the honor of human nature, we grieve to know is almost universal. But a day of retribution will come; and it Bball go hard if some of these actions do not reoeive a fitting I reward. These men are only heaping up wrath against the day of wrath, j The dissolution is likely to bring men into Parliament who are sternly re-1 solved to rescue the oolony from the de-' grading tyranny under which it has so long groaned, and then there will be a terrible reckoning. The TREASURER and the DIRECTOR of Publio WorkB may think it to their interest to grovel in the dirt before our" Ole Clo'" contemporary now; but we doubt very much whether,' in the long ran, they will either increase their respectability or farther their 1 worldly prospects by so debasing—so degrading an alliance. If it would please Heaven, of its infinite mercy, and for the sake of this ill-governed and unhappy colony, to send us a dissolution of the Assembly we trust we should be adequately grateful. We have earnestly prayed in our Churches for five dreary years that wisdom might be given to the members of the present Parliament, but we have prayed in vain. ' It would be a tempting of Provxlence to repeat these prayers so long as the Assembly remains constituted aB at present. 