USE NARRINYERI, OR TRIBES OF THE LAKES AND LOWER MURRAY. ~~ (FROM THE SOUTH AUSTRALIAN REGISTER, DEC. 12.) WORSHIP OF THE DEAD. The Narrinyeri point out several stars, and say that they are deceased warriors who have gone to heaven (Wyirrewarre). There are Wyungare, and Nepalle, and the Manchingga, and several others. Every native expects to go to Wyirro warns after death. They also believe that the , dead descend from thence and walk the earth and that they are able to injure those whom they dislike. Consequently men who have been notorious in life for a domineering and revengeful disposition are very much dreaded after death. For instance, there is Karungpe, who comes in the , dead of night, when the camp fire has burned low, and like a rushing wind scatters thedying¡embers, and then takes advantage of the darkness to rob some sleeper of life; and it is considered dangerous to whistle in the dark, for Karungpe is especially attracted by a whistle. There is another restless spirit-the deceased father of a boy whom I well know who is said to roam about armed with a rope, with which he catches people. All the Narrinyeri, old and young, are dreadfully afraid of seeing ghosts, and none of them will venture into the scrub after dark, lest he should encounter the spirits which are supposed to roam there. I have heard some admirable specimens of ghost stories from them. In one case I remember the ghost was represented 1 'who have set fire to a wurleys, and ascended to Heaven in the flame. The Narrinyeri regard the disapprobation of the spirits of the dead OR a thing to be dreaded, and if a serious quarrel takes place between War relatives, some of their friends are sure to interpose with entreaties to the contentious parties to be reconciled, lest the spirits of the dead should be offended at unseemly disputes between those who ought to be at peace. The name of the dead must not be mentioned until his body has decayed, lest a want of sorrow should seem to be indicated by the common and flippant use of his name. A native would have the deceased believe that he cannot hear or speak his name without weeping. ' But the most direct way in which the reverse of these people is shown for the dead is in their funeral ceremonies. When a man dies they conclude at once that sorcery has been the cause of the mournful event, and that either aged fungi or millin must have been practised against him. Millin is a kind of sorcery. The first night after a man has died his nearest relation sleeps with his head on the corpse, in order that he may be led to dream who is the sorcerer that caused his death. The next day the corpse is elevated on men's shoulders, on a sort of beer called cigarette. The friends of the deceased then gather round, and several names are called out to try if the mention of them produces any effect on the corpse. At last the nearest relative calls out the name of the person of whom he has dreamed, And then an impulse towards him on the part of the dead body is said to be felt by the bearers, which they pretend they cannot resist, and consequently they walk towards him. This impulse is the sign by which it is known that the righ; came has been called out. The deceased, still lying on the cigarette, is then placed over a slow fire for a day or two, until the outer skin blisters. This is removed with the hair, and all the apertures of the body are sewed up. It is then rubbed over with grease and red ochre, and set up naked on a sort of Bingo inside the wurley in a fitting position. A great lamentation and wailing is made at this time by all the relations and friends of the dead man. They cut their hair off close to the head, and b3 smear themselves with oil and pounded charcoal, The women be smear themselves with the most disgusting filth ; they all bear and cut themselves, and make violent demonstrations of grief. All the relatives are careful to be present, and not to be wanting in the proper signs of sorrow, lest they should be suspected of complicity in causing the death. A slow fire is placed under the corpse, in order to dry it. The relations live, eat, drink, and sleep under the putrefying mass until it is dried. It is then wrapped up in mats, and kept in the wurleys. During the time in which it is drying, the female relatives reMove one another in weeping before the body, so as to keep some woman always weeping in front of it. All this has very much the appearance of idolatry. The smoke rising around the red sitting figure, the wailing women, the old man with long stands, with a brush of feathers at the end, anointing it with grease and red ochre all those contribute to give one this impression of the M hole scene. When anyone leaves the wurleys where the body is for a few days, they are expected to stand before it, and weep and wail on their return. However they manage the requisite amount of crying I never could imagine. For one minute a woman will appear in the deepest agony of grief and tears ; a few minutes after, the conventional amount of weeping having been accomplished, they will laugh and talk with, the merriest. I feel persuaded that fear has more to do with most of these exhibitions But the spirit of the dead is not considered to have been appeased until his relatives have avenged his death. They will kill the sorcerer who has caused it, if they can catch him but generally they cannot catch him, and often do not wish it. Most probably he belongs to some other tribe of the Narrinyeri. Messengers pass between the tribes relative to the affair, and the friends of the accused person at last formally curse the dead man and all his dead relatives. This constitutes a casus belli. Arrangements are forthwith made for a pitched battle, and the two tribes meet in company with their respective allies. The tribe to which the dead man belongs weep and make a great lamentation for him, and the opposing the b3 tiresome fellows to dance about and play antics in derision of their enemies. Then the whole tribe will set up a great laugh by way of further provocation. If there is any other cause of animosity between the tribes, besides the matter of avenging the dead, there may now be a pretty severe fight with spears. If, however, the tribes have nothing but the dead man to fight about, they will probably throw a few spears, indulge in considerable abuse of each other, perhaps one or two will get slightly wounded, and then some of the old men will declare that enough has been done. The dead man is considered to have been ap- passed by the efforts of his friends to avenge his death by fighting, and the two tribes are friendly again. In such a case the fight is a mere ceremony. The hair of the dead is spun into a cord, which is made into a headband, and commonly. worn by men. They say that thereby they smell the dead, and that it makes their eyes large and their sight keen, so that in a fight they are enabled to see the spears coming, and either to parry or avoid them, THE WATTLE FLAT VIADUCT. This heavy work is now slowly approaching completion. For more than a year it has dragged its slow length across the flat, till at length it has reached! to within 100 feet of the archway on the western side. The number of cubic yards of earth in the embankment must be enormous, for in the centre it appears to be nearly 50 feet high by 80 or 100 feet broad. The whole of the material his been derived from excavations on the line east of the flat, and is conveyed to its destination in waggons running upon a temporary line of rails. When finished, what with the bridges spanning it the roadways parallel with the flat, the extensive " culverts in the middle, and the unusual elevation and width of the great wall of earth, it will for to, one of the most conspicuous objects on the line. . There is indeed one objectionable feature in the viaduct, for it completely shuts out the fine view of the gully and Specimen Hill, which was formerly obtained from the main road. Mount Alex and sMall, Doo. 27 ARREST OF AN ESCAPED PRISONER. Many of our readers will remember that, on the 3rd or 4th of September last, an escort of five prisoners, who were being conveyed from Goulburn, to Darlinghurst, contrived to make their escape at Bargo. One of them was shortly afterwards apprehended by the Camden police, another (Webber), waswiptured by Chief-constable O'Neil, of Queanbeyan, and it is believed that one more has been taken up, and is now in Maitland Gaol. He is supposed to he Thomas Costello, sentenced at the Albury, Quarter Sessions to three years' > imprisonment, for horse- stealing, and one of the ^ warders of the Goulburn Gaol will be home- ~ diately despatched to Maitland to identify the suspected runaway. Another of the number who made their escape at the time, is reported to have been arrested at Albury, and to be on his way down to Goulburn, where, if he be the real Simon Pure, the police will readily recognise him. Goulburn Chronicle, Dec. 21. TOBACCO PLANT In these dull times, any change from wheat and potatoes we are glad to turn to, and we have much pleasure in directing attention to a splendid sample of the tobacco plant, which has been left for inspection at our office by Mr. John Cust, of the Merri. The plant in question has leaves almost equal to those of a rhubarb plant, and is well worthy inspection. It only proves what can be raised in the district by perseverance.- Warrnambool Examiner, Dec. 24. -, GOLD SEIZURE. On Monday, two Chinese, named Gorring and For Hay, were brought before the Wodonga Bench, charged with carrying? three and a half ounces of gold towards the frontier. The gold was confiscated, when the celestials were allowed to go on their way rejoice iDg. If the Government of Victoria will not make arrangements to receive the gold duty, at Wo- longer the least they can do is to avoid those seizures of the property of persons ignorant of .," the state of the law. Federal Standard, Das. 