THE GEELONG GRAMMAR SCHOOL. To the Editor of the Geelong Advertuer. Sm,—In your issue of Saturday last, there ap pears a communication from a gentleman under the signature of "Strigilia," a nom de giirrrc by • no means suggestive of either delicacy or refiner ■ ment. In that communication he has made a rude and ungenerous attack upon the Presbyterian portion of the colony. This attack is in perfect keeping with the name ho baa assumed, and in seeking,"with"your indulgence, to reply to it, I shall endeavour to be as brief as possible. : In the letter now referred to, the Presbyterians of the colony are charged with the sin of enter taining "strong feolings and prejudices against the Church of England." Now, sir, will the ex perience of those best acquainted with the state of society in the colony since its commencement con firm this statement—a statement which I do not hesitate to say is utterly inconsistent with facts. Let us take the case of the Geelong Grammar School, the cause of the present controversy, in support of . what Isay. Was there any opposi tion on the part of the Presbyterians, displayed to the founding of so liable an institution amongst.' us! Or, instead of ihrowirig difficulties in the way, who were more ready to assist in carrying : forward the great work than the Presbyterians of tho town and district! AVhohailed tbeopening of it with greater expressions of delight, or spoke of it in higher terms, as a great' benefit to the whole community of this part of tho colony! But more than all this, who were the. chief sup porters of tho institution while it remained open for tho reception of pupils? Mr Vance's list of scholars and boarders will shew that a large pro portion of them were the children of Presbyterian parents. Verily , the strong feelings and preju dices of the Presbylcriari population made no part of tho elements. which wrought together for the downfall of tin Grammar School. -No, but an echo from its deserted and ghost- like halls will tell the enquiring 6tninger that a thorough want of management in both its internal and external economy, was tuo direct and speedy means ot bringing it to its present lamentable condition. Another charge brought forward in tbo letter of your intelligent and learned correspondent is, de- , ficirney of scholarship on tile part of thePreaby terian clergy, being, as he avere, but half edu cated. Now, in this statement the writer has made a rather unfortunate averment, as he is litely to discover before this correspondence is closed; and I feel satisfied that ntither his Bishop, nor many of bis clergy, will thank him for bringing, this subject before the public of Victoria. It ia aaid that comparisons are odious, and that everything is fair in tho tactics of war. , But I shall not, to prove the unfounded nature of the attack made upon us, have recourse to a compa rison of the two clerical staffs, the Episcopalian, and the Presbyterian, in the colony. I will do nothing to provoke the grief which is daily expressed in words not loud but deep, by many of the mem bers of the Church of England, at the samples of " the superior refinement, and first-class scholar ship of the clergymen of the Church of England," that have fallen to their lot in various parts of the colony. A plain syllabus of the course of studies through which the candidate for the office of the ministry, in the Presbyterian Churohis of Scotland, must pass, occupying a period of eight years, would be enough to convince any unprejudiced mind of the superiority of the system adopted in those churches over any other known. And in the con fidence that the system I now speak of is well known to many members of the Church of. Eng land, and probably to Strigilis himself, I would ask him to point out to me another church in the world—his own model church not excepted—in which the system of training for the office of tho ministry is so long, and so severe, as in the Pres byterian Churches of Scotland; or where an equal amount of sound educational knowledge mttsl be possessed by ntiy candidate for the ministry within its nale. The charge of scanty scholarship is a serions one to bring against the clergy of a church which holds such a prominent and influential position on the great Christian platform; bat the arro gance of your correspondent does not stop- with this. He tells us, without the slightest wincing, that they are " frequently coarse and vulgar, and positively hate the superior refinement and first class scholarship of the clergymen of the Church of England." This is a little too much, and is such a glaring instance of ignoranceand pt esumption as could scarcely havo been .expected from such an alumnus utmius from the banks of the Isis or the Caur. But when ho come3 to tho giving of bad names, I must leave him to the glory of his vitiated taste. On this part of the subject, I will only say that " Strigilis" seems to have been sit ting for his own portrait when he spoke of " the specimens of Oxford and Cambridge men who honored thecoloDy with their presence some ten years ago." In speaking of the ignorance of tho wealthy Presbyterian laymen, this indiscreet writer falls into a very great error, and I must he allowed to remind him that " Dames' Bchools " are not an institution of Scotland at all—they are English. A Dame's ehool is a rare occurrence in a country where every child, since the days of tho Reformation, can be taught in the public Bchools at ■ such a rate of fees, as puts it out of : the question for dames to seek an existence by the profession of of teaching. (And I may further be allowed to remiud your correspondent that, with very few exceptions, the wealthy laymen among tho Presbyterians of this colony, have re- ; ceived such an education as fits them for taking their place in the prominent positions of our colonial society, on a footing of equality, at least with the sons of England, or any other nation. But the most unfortunato of all the statements made by this supercilious gentleman is that in which he says, that, "Theignorant wealthy lay. man is generally led to co-operate with his spiritual adviser in paralyzing and crippling the Church of England ob much as possible." This is the climax of his ungenerous, uncharitable, and gratuitous averments; and it makes one blush to think that a person who is evidently a scholar could give utterance to it. Poor Church of England 1 how thou art trodden under, and fain 1 to shufile along by the help of staff, or crutch,, worried, and wasted—obstructed, and ■ oppressed, by that horrid, mytuuiiou ferridum Scatorum exhibited by certain'ignoran laymen, from " North the Tweed," under the' management of v their " half-educatcd, coarse, and vulgar, spiritual ad visers."." But he of good cheer, thou will sur vive it all, and prove thyself on'this," as. on the fatherland, an ornament to our common Christi anity) ana a bulwark for the dcfence'of oiirci»!i and religious liberties. -1 am, &c;, "' A.' XiOTX» • 