[FBOK THE OBOST OF 'BAN BAN.] ' The mania for meetings is again. I fear, with the approach of full moon, setting in: the 'happy family men' cannot divest themselves of the idea that it is sweet to see their names in print, and have held no less than two or three this past week, iu the fervent hope that your own reporter, Tlie.ir devout Bos well, will duly Chronicle — pardon the pun— their nonsensical talk. On Thursday tliey in at, at an inn of course, and dccided that the married and single men of the town shall play at the intellectual game of foot-ball, on Easter Monday, and enleavoured to resuscitDte the asnliyiriat^d scheme of a cricket club. The first, amidst much uniiecee. sary joking, was arranged ; but the more rational amuse ment was too weighty a matter — had too little of the frivo lous ill it ? to be managed in one day : so its fortli»r consider ation was postponed until greater kuiis (or gooses) can be \- 'brought to bear upon the subject. To morrow we are pro. jyise'l a fine field day. Topies c if the nioij't vital iinportaucfc -myself among thein) to Gajmlah and th'.' districts are to be then discussed, and your own correspondent is said to be ' agitated at tbe work before Iriin. His great object seem' to be, toofind no one and in cultivating this kind of diplomacy, he is prevented1 from supplying many bits of nehs which you ought to have, aild from tlie exercise of that manly spirit which as the representative of an independent journal he i» bou id to exhibit. It is reported tiiat Mr. Holy has been ordered back by the Colonial Tre -su' ir, and is provided' with a full and true ac count of what lie ought to have said when last here. Osten / sibly he promises ro come t» attend cliurcli meetings, but bis real object cannot ,be misunderstood. It is whispered also : that he menus to keep liis weather eye open, to ascertain if ; There is any chance for Ills eternal ISee7.»'s at the ensuing ! races, and has already arranged in liis owu mind should he . iiv upon stteti'ling tliefa, to have the House adjourned while I he is then away. j I am so shocked at the news which has just reached me of i an old frieud having been^liot, that I must close this abruptly. - 1 am sorry to notice, by his manner, that our worthy post master is wcxed with my remark^ about him. He should bear iu mind that my life is demoted to the service of the public, aud when I find that even lie errs in his duty to ray muster — though it he from mistaken biudness^r amiable credulity — I must reprimand and try to jon^CiLbitn, . Guyndah, Sunday evening. ? . .:2f .'n^r ? 