SOUTH AUSTRALIAN PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. TUESDAY, JUNE 18. The PRESIDENT took the chair at 2 o'clock. STEAM POSTAL SERVICE. The Hon. G. 31. WATERHOUSE wished to ask a question of the Hon. the Chief Secretary, it* lie would allow him todo so; it was as to whether the Government intended to take any action in reference to the steam postal service from King George's Sound? The Hon. the CHIEF SECRETARY replied that it was not intended to take any action at present, but the Govern- ment would take the sense of the House of Assembly to ascertain whether the House desired that any change should le made before the end of tho next, liuaiicial year. TheHon.G. 51. WATERHOUSE would express the hope that the sense of the Council would be taken by the Govern- ment, ns well as that of the House of Assembly, as it was during last session. COURT OF APPEAL. The Hon. G. 31. WATERHOUSE did not wish to proceed with the motion standing in his name (for the production of correspondence), as Hie papers asked for were alreadv made public. The Hon. the CHIEF SECRETARY said he had obtained the Governor's consent to lay on the table the papers asked for, and which he had receivad from His Excellency before coming to the House. Ile would move that the papers be printed. The Hon. G. 31. WATERHOUSE seconded. Carried. The Hon. the PRESIDENT, looking at the papers, said they were not exactly what the motion of the lion, member asked for, as the whole correspondence was not given, but only a portion of it. REAL ESTATE DESCENT BILL. The Hon. G. 31. WATERHOUSE, in moving the second reading of the Real Estate Descent Hill, said that in intro- ducing the Bill he had fully explained his reasons tor so doing ; it was therefore unnecessary to go over the same ground again. He did not Intend to proceed further at pre- sent than to move the second reading of the Bill, for since he Introduced it, he had received some kind suggestions lor its improvement from the Attorney-General, and he would endeavour to have those improvements introduced into the Bill, iu readiness for its consideration in committee in a fortnight hence. He trusted there would be no objection on the part of lion, members to tliat course. He would move the second reading of the Bill. The Hon. H. AYERS said that, but for the observations just made by the hon. mover, he would have felt it Ins dut y to oppose the second reading of the Bill, on account of its containing no information on the face of it as to what the intended alteration ol the law really was to be; but as the hon. member had promised to have certain improvements in the Bill prepared within the next fortnight, he would not oppose it. The Bill contained a reference to Act 27 of Henry VIII., and to chattels ami chattels real; if the lion, member would be prepared to explain all that was intended hy those term?, he would support the second reading. The Hon. G. HALL said when the lion, member intro- duced the Bill he gave a long and lucid explanation of what it sought to do. After that statement he certainly expected something more than the Bill now before the Houna ; its only recommendation was its brevity, but even brevity mfght be carried to too great a length. It referred to Henry VIII. ; well, they all knew that monarch was a great reformer, but he was also a great brute-(laughter)-and why should they copy into their statute book any Act from Henry VIII.? His Acts generally smelt of blood and pecula- tion. (Laughter.) Why should the bon. member go back to the dark ages? As to "chattels real," he had consulted books on the subject, and he found that chattels real meant leasehold property, or an estate inferior to the fee simple. He liad an objection to the Bill on account of its referring to a statute ol' Henry VI11. ; the altered state of »ociety at the present time showed that lew laws made so long ago could be applicable in the nineteenth century. Ile did not intend to oppose the second reading of the Bill, but he heped for further light during the ensuing fortnight. The Hon. G. 31. WATERHOUSE scarcely felt it his duty to stand forward as the advocate of his sacred Majesty Henry VIII-(laughter)-uor to defend all the actiuns of that monarch. (Laughter.) Still, although his character might not be defensible, some ol' the Acts of his reign might be beneficial and worthy to be copied. H not, the lion. member should move for leave to bring in a Hill to sweep away every vestige of Henry Vlll.'s legislation from the Statute Book. (LaughterJ He would not refer to other matters noticed by the lion, member, 3Ir. Hall, as he would have occa- sion to speak more particularly about them in Committee. The object of the Bill, as he stated when he lirst introduced it, was to render more equitable the division of intestate estates Chattels real were correctly stated; by the lion, member; they were considered as of less value than fee-simple ; but it was not. always so: even a lease might be for 99 years, or for 909 years. A measure of that kind had been seven or eight years ago introduced into Par- liament by the then Attorney-General, 3Ir. Hanson ; but nothing was done with it, he believed, beauseof the expected change in the Constitution. No action having been taken since he determined to take the matter up. Since he gave notice and introduced the Bill, he had found reason to believe that alterations were desirable, and he therefore now pro- posed a postponement for a fortnight before the Bill was taken into Committee. The Supreme Court now sitting occupied so much of the time of the Attorney- General that he could not obtain his assistance to perfect the Bill sooner than the time he mentioned. The Hon. the PRESIDENT said, before putting the ques- tion, that he thought it his duty to make an observation, which, but for the peculiar circumstances of the case, he would not have felt entitled to do. The title of the Bill stated it to be an Act to regulate the descent of real estate ; but it did nothing of the kind ; its intention seemed to be to con vei t all real property into personal property, whether per- sons died intestate or not ; the Bill said nothing about per- sons dying intestate. The Hon. .1. 31. SOLO SION said, from the expressions which had fallen from the bon. President, and which had great force iu his opinion, he hoped the lion, member would see the desirability of withdrawing the Bill with a view to amend it. The Bid did not do what its title implied, and he thought it should be withdrawn in order that it might be amended. The Hon. G. 31. WATERHOUSE rose to ask, as he had already availed himself of his right to reply, whether, he eould again reply to the lion, member? The lion. J. .31. SOL03IOX did not understand the lion. member to have replied ; he thought he was merely makinga few remarks in explanation. He had supported the Bill, on its first reading, on the understanding ol' the explanation given of its object by the lion, meunier, but he regretted to be unable to support the second reading, as the Bill should be consistent with its title. Ile therefore hoped the lion, member would withdraw it in the meantime ; he did not wish to shelve the Bill as he thought the lion, member might reintroduce it iu an amended form as soon as he chose. The Hon. J. II. BARROW said, if the question went to a division, he would vote for the second reading of the Bill, by which, however, lie should be simply committing himself to the title of the Bill, and not to the clauses. The clauses might be amended in Committee. It was, however, for the hon. member to decide, since it was alleged that the clauses would not carry out the title. He felt, however, no difficulty In voting for a Bill to regulate the Descent of Real Estate, and if the clauses were not adapted to carry out the object, they must amend those clauses. (II ear. ) The Hon. the PRESIDENT said such a course would establish an inconvenieut precedent, and if it were carried, .ny other Bill might be brought into the House difleriug from its title. The Hon. G. 31. WATERHOUSE said there certainly were no words in the clauses ot the Bill to express exactly the purpose of it, but the effect of tho clauses would be to produce a change in the law referring to the descent of real estate. The lion, members who immediately preceded him seemed to have misapprehended tile object of the Bill. He would ask what would be the effect of real estate being regarded as personal, but to provide for the division of real property as ii it were personal property : so that in the case of persons dying intestate all their property should be fairly and equally divided amongst their children. The Hon. the PRESIDENT said if the Bill were carried in its present form the Crown would have no lreehold estates to grant. The Hon. G. 31. WATERHOUSE said, in order to contine the action of the Bill to the purpose for which he intended it, he would introduce a clause to provide against its aflecting real property in any other way. He was free to confess that circumstances had recently come to his knowledge, as one of the Real Property Commissioners, which showed him tile importance of the proposed alterations, li' the Council would consent to pass the second reading of the Bill he would pledge himself to alter the clauses before the Bill was taken into Committee, so that they should correspond with the title of the Bill. The motion was then put and carried. The Bill was read a second time, and ils consideration in Committee made an Order of the Day for Tuesday, .1 uly 2. The non. the PRESIDENT said the lion, member would, perhaps, excuse him for making one other remark. If that Bill were passed there could be uo Real Property Act. (Laughter.) DRAFT STANDING, ORDERS. In Committee. Clauses G1 and C2 passed as printed. Clause 63, referring to contempt. The Hon. J. II. BARROW said, with reference to that and the two following clauses, the whole question involved seemed to be dealt with in clauses 101 to 19G, which therefore rendered the present clause unnecessary. He would move that that clause be struck out. Struck out. Clauses 61 and 65 were also struck out. Clauses 66 to 74 passed as priuted. Clause 75, members and olhsrs guilty of contempt to bs committed to custody. The Hon. G. 31. WATERHOUSE asked if the Council had power to carry out that clause. The Hon. O. G. EVERARD asked if others than members could be committed. The CHAIRMAN said special powers were provided in the Privilege Act. Clause 76, fees payable on commitment. The lion. J. II. BARROW said, the pains and penalties were tremendous, and he thought could hardly be carried out : 50i. for arrest, 50/. lor commitment, and 51. 5s. tor each day's sustenance, and no bill of fare attached. (Laughter.) Such penalties struck one with terror ; clause 18G seemed also to refer to the same question as 70. The Hon. H. AYEItS would suggest the insertion of the words " not exceeding so/. ;" he thought 70 and 19« referred to two different cases, but agreed with the lion, member that the penalties were too heavy and should be reduced. The Hon. G. 31. WATERHOUSE thought one guinea a day would be enough for sustenance, and he knew of only one sale place of confinement, the gaol; and he thought the dietary scale there would not warrant a higher charge. t laufhter. ) The Hon J II BARROW «ni when Smith O Brien was arrested he was committed to the cell ir of th Tou^e, that was a far better place th m the gaol ( Laugh tir ) He would propose that 5/ J" be struck out ant il H be umrtiJ Carried Clause 77, "adjournment waa passed, with a vet bal amendment Clauses 78 to 80 pa»sed as printed Clause st pissed with a verbal imuidment Clauses 82 an I 83 passed ns printed Clause 84, passed with a Mrbalameiidtnet t Clause 85, passed a» printed Clauses 86 to 89 parsed as punted Claases The Council then ie«umed the CH VlifWAN reported progress, and obt mid lewi to iit agun on the following luesday STEVM POS 1 AL SERVICE The Hon tin < HlLr SICRLlAltl sud with reference to the wish or the lion G 31 Witerli0u*e, tint the Govern- ment should get an ixpri^ion of opinion ii oin the Council on the subject ol ate mi portal communication , he would, with the p rmis«ion of tin House gue nona ot motion on the sulject The standing Orders oeing sii"p«nded, the Hon the Chief Secretary gave notice accordingly ADJOLRNHI M On the motion of the lion thcCHIEr SECRET YR\, the Council adjourned at 10 minutes past 3 until 2 o'clock on Tuesday, June 25 HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. TUESDAI, Ju>E l8 The SPEAKER took the chair at 25 minutos to 2 o'clock. PErU'lONS Mr. LINDSAY presented a petition lrom the District I Council of Encounter B iy in tavor of immigration Mr. N BLYIH asked lroni whom the petition emanated ?? Hon. members nould peril ipa wish to know whether it was Mr. Tomkinson'« (Laughter ) Mr. LINDSAY said the petition was signed by aud emanated from the mcmbirs ot the District Council of En counter Bay Received. Mr. McELLISTER presented a petition from the District Council of Munno Para West 111 favor ol immigration. tteceived Mr. KINGS I ON presented petitions from the District Councils of Upper \\\ akelleld aud Clare in iavor ot immi- gration. Received. Mr DUl HELD presented a petition iicm the District Corni 1 ot Biros«a \\\ est in favor of mimili Uiou Len M cd 3ii "sllliriir \ND presented a petition from the Dis tnct Council < Í Alu ngi and others "iii nor o' mun gration It w*.s not Mi 1 mikinson s petition ilthoii^ii it* prr}"r w is the «a ue is t'i it ¿eiitlcm m s iL iu_,htu ) l>euiul POM or OMVAPVUIISGV An litu n en bet i«ked the Irea urn whether it w°s the intention ii tin Government to deelare the Port ol Onka pai ni01 a port ol export lue 1REVSURI K said the matter had bee i for «onie j time under the attention of the Government ind they wen now prêt ired 'i i'ic ire Onkapan iga a port ol export II a guitlimii ouldie foun in that dii'nct to piriorm the ueciisiry du i s ou behilf of the tovcrnmcu fora modiriti remunei ation he antieipited no difuculty In effectiug that obicct (Hear) SIORJ-S Al ^ALIAKOO 3Ir II\DSV\ u Hied to ask the lion the Commis oner ot Clown land' withcut notice whether Mi R W Hall had received perim«Mon from the G iveinment to continue ¡ his storeit \i illiroj not nth* indi ig tu I i similar per mistión had bien reí ísed to otl er «toiekecpeis , and if so whj such permisión hid bien gum Hie COMMIb-dOM R Ol CROW V J.^Ü6 said he | w is not aw ire that hueh p^i mission h id bee i ¿i\ en to Mi Hall II lion e\u the loi niembir would gue notice ol his question he the Commi --sioiiei would ¿ive linn i d^l niti answer on the following daj SURVEY OF THE COAST. 31 r. A. BLYTH, pursuant to notice, asked the lion, the Trea- surer, whether the .Government intend to propose a vote for 2,000/. this year, or for any less sum, towards defraying the expense of the survey of the coast of South Australia ; and also, what steps the Government, intend to take to provide for a similar vote each year until such survey is completed ? He had taken it for granted that, a sum of money would have been placed on the Estimates for the purpose. It had been understood that the Governments of the several colonies would give something towards the object, and ;he wished now to know what action the Government intended to take in the matter. The TREASURER said he was unable, at present, to give any definite information on the subject ; but he might state that it was the intention of the Government to place a sum of money on the Estimates for the purpose. (Hear.) TRIGONOMETRICAL SURVEY OF THE EASTERN PLAINS. Mr. DUFFIELD, pursuant to notice, moved - "That this House will on Wednesday, June 19, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole for the purpose of con - sideriug the motion-'That an Address be presented to His Excellency the Governor-in-Chief, praying His Excellency to cause immediate steps to be taken for the trigonometrical survey of the country known as the Eastern Plañís.' " He did not apprehend that any opposition would be offered to the motion; and he would not, therefore, trouble the House with any remarks on that occasion. The motion was agreed to. GOLDSWORTHY'3 .MINERAL LEASE. j 3!r. DUTTON asked the lion. Commissioner of Crown Lands-l. Whether the Government have included in Golds worthy's Mineral Lease, claim No. 2u t, the Goverment road (loo feet wide) between the eastern boundary of sections Nos. 1 and 2. at Black Point, and the sea-beach ? Aud 2. Will the Commissioner of Crown Lands and Immigra- tion lay on the table of this House a copy of the Land Grant issued to the purchasers of sections Nos. 1 and 2? He said that in explanation of the two questions, he would refer lion, members to the map marked Xo. 42. lion, members would perceive that no road was marked on the map; and as the omission was one of considerable importance to the landholders in the district, he had placed these questions on the notice paper. (Ilear.) The COMMISSIONER OF CROWN LANDS said that if the lion, member wished to take the sense of the House on the policy adopted by the Government in this matter, every facility should be afforded him to do so. The lion, member har, referred to the map 3Ir. DUTTON rose to order. Ile had asked the lion. Com- missioner of Crown Lauds two plain qucstious, and lie apprehended that he was entitled to direct answers. The lion. Commissioner was, however, evidently about to enter luto the question of the policy of granting Crown leases. (Hear, hear.) The COMMISSIONER OF CROWN LANDS said, as the lion, member objected to hear the explanation he had intended to offer, he would at once answer the questions. To the first he would say no lease of the land in question has been issued to Mr. Goldsworthy-fhear, hear)-and to the second he must reply that ho would be unable to lay a capy of the Crown grant on the table, as there was no copy of the grant in the Survey Office. 3IERCANTILE LAW A31ENDMENT BILL. On the Order ol' the Day for the second reading of the 3It-rcantile baw Amendment Bill, The TREASURER said, that in consequence of the recent ruling of the lion, the Speaker willi reference to that Bill, he was convinced that some oilier course must be adopted. He would therefore move that the order be then read and discharged. The order was read and discharged accordingly. ESTIMATES. The TREASURER moved that the Speaker do leave the chair. The motion was carried, and the House went into Com- mittee of the whole for the further consideration of Ways and Means. I Jlr. 3IAGAREY wished to offer some remarks «non the j financial policy of the Government. He would in the first ! place allude to the question of allowing newspapers to be transmitted by post without charge. That was in his opinion a subject of considerable importance. There was no doubt but that in determining the establishment of post oftiees in the country districts, the Government were in- fluenced by the fact that, such offices were or were not self supporting. To a certain extent their being not self-sup- porting, arose from the free transmission of newspapers, and it was therefore a matter of consideration whether, so long as they continued to carry the newspapers for nothing, tiley were not in effect depriving some of the country districts of thcprivileges of direct postal communication. Ile contended that there was no reason why such should be I he case, or why the newspapers should not be charged with the cost of transmission. Hon. members had no'doubt read au ni- tii-le on this subject which had appeared iu the Advertiser, in which particular allusion was made to the views enunciated by the lion, member for East Torrens (3Ir. N. Blyth). It was said the lion, member wished to impose a new tax on knowledge, but he (Sir. 3Iagarey) had not so understood the lion, member. If a stamp duty was imposed upon news- papers lor postal purposes, he should not, and he appre- hended the lion, member for East Torrens would not, regard it as a tax at all, but simply as a fair charge for transmission by post. It was impossible to foretell what would be the ultimate expense to the colony of this free transmission when, as two or three years hence would probublv be the case, the circulation ol' the newspapers was greatly extended, and ho contended it was not just to the public to subject the reveuue to such ii serious burden as this might become. It was stated in the article he had alluded I to that the tax, if imposed, would fall upon those who re- ceived the newspapers, and not upon the proprietors. That declaration reduced the matter from a question affecting in- dividuals only to one allecfing the public generally-, but as such he would oppose the continual ¡on of the present sys- tem. It was said that the newspaper press was a great organ of education. (Hear, hear.) Well, he would admit that it was, but it had been already established in that House that the Government of the day, so long as they subsidized education, could control it. (Loud laughter.) if, then, the Government, were to sub- sidise the press, by allowing free postal transmission, ought they nat also have control tlierc-(oh)-and to determine which newspaper should be eutille I to the privilege, and whichshould not. What, then, would become of the boasted liberty of the press'/ (Laughter.) Auothar argument in favour of the present system was, that the uewspapars inserted the Government advertisements without charge. It had becu asserted on a former occasion (he believed by the lion, member, 3Ir. Hanson; that the existing system was the result of a compromise between tha Government and the press, by which the Government were to give free postal transmission to the newspapers, and the newspapers in return were to insert the Government advertisements without charge. That, in his opinion, was decidedly wrong. (Hear.) The newspapers should pay, and the Government should pay. (Hear, hear. But, he observed, that the compact was already departed from, if compact it was, inasmuch as the Government had placed on the present Estimates the sum of 350/. for advertising Crown lands for sale, ile hailed that resolve as a wise one, and he would heartily support the Government in their proposition to pay for the advertisements it was lound necessary to publish. All such advertisements ought tobe paid for-(hear)-and the free transmission of newspapers should be at once dis- continued. Then it would be possible to ascertain the exact utility and prout of the post-oflice as an institution of the State ; the country post-ofîices would be placed on a more equitable basis, and justice would be done to all classes, instead as at present of a favor being extended to one class of the communitv at the expense of another that; could least afford it. He would now pass to the question of ad valorem duties. He regretted to lind the lion. Treasurer was not prepared to bring down u re-adjusted scheme for the imposition of these duties. (Hear, hear.j He hoped the lion, member who said "hear, hear" would continue to raise his voice against that change in the fiscal policy of the colony by which the ad valorem duties had been abolished-a change which had not been desired by the public, which had not been desired by that House, which had not been desired by any poition of the community, and which had not even been desired by the Go- vernment of which the lion. Treasurer was a member. (Cries of "no, no.") The lion. Treasurer had told them that the change was generally accepted as a wise and beneficial one; but he, Mr. Magarey, was compelled to assert that lie had not yet met with a single convert to it. (Oh, oh.) Well, perhaps, hu might make an execution in favor of the Eastern District. ' He believed the people of that district were willing enough lo get their tea as cheap as possible, although they were extremely averse to paying any increased charges upou their spirits and tobacco. (Laughter.) The lion Treasurer had, however, confessed that the mercan- tile community were opposed to this change. The TREASURER was sorry to interrupt the lion, mem- ber, but. he did so only to correct him on the point. His statement waa that the iuioorters-not the mercantile com- munity-were opposed to the change. Mr MAGAREY had imagined he was correct in speaking of the ínipoiters as the metcaulile eominnmty (Hear ) The lieaaurer hid stated m lui opening speech as au argument in favor of Ins sy-tem, that no smuggling was being carried on although it hld been anticipated the abolition of the ad valorem d ities vould encourage tint practice Non, he would like to know upon what authority *he Treasurer a'hrmed that no smuggling was báing earned on Of course, the Collector of Customs would not confess to a knowledge ot the practice, and in the absence of any suras ol' conscience money being pji>l into the Treasury, he supposed the I reasuier had arrived at the conelu«ion"he had so confidently stated (Laughter) Locking, ho>vever, to the increa e01 population m some districts ot the colony, and to the fact that the duties pud on spii.ts and tobacco had not propor- tionately increased, he could not escape the conviction th it smugging w is being eirned on to a lar^e extent, and therefore that it would be well if the lrtasmer would prepue to reduce at least the duties on tobacco He fully agree 1 with the rcniuks that ha 1 been made on i pre\ íous occ i«ion bv the lion member tor Last loriens respecting the city police He thought that one half of the cost of mintmning thecitypol.ee might be fairly charged to the country, and the other half to the city As to the question of c h cation he thought its bene tits should be extended, anl that what it waa propo ed to do in the c.ty »hould b«done also in the country df-tncts ile trusted the treasurer would gue Ins ittention to the subjeet, aiid see it it was not possible to eilend more of the ulv tntages ot education to the country distuct« (Hear, hen ) Before sitting dowu he wished to say i lew woids respecting the question ol immigration Ho saw no necessity for the lonawai ot the giaut lor the puipo->c of bunging free immigrants to the colony Ile Ird seen no «uch neces-uty lui many years pist and he thought aui li u eccs*itj would not ai i«,- «ig un in tue lutine history of this co¡< iiy Even now the colon/ was not deriving any advantagefrom the mo"ey alieady expended tor assisted immigration He foi one doubted w hethei, e\ en if no monty had been cvci voted for the puipo-e the ti lo <1 lmmigialion to this colony would no., have flowed as fast Hie Gerin in popula'ion well knowing the) coul I receive no .i«3¡«tanec lro ii the btate had continued to bring out their lrienls to tho colony uni others he doubted not v.ould do the same Why, lit the Government boldly declare that no more money would be expended to piomote assisted itnini I gration, uid he wrs couviuetu that as miiiy immigrants would come here a=sisted by their friends us would be other Hl^eaSaHed by tuebtite. (Heir) It shoul I be remembered, too, that Paihament would not ihvaya be in a position to vote large Bums of money fo, the puipo~c Immigrant« who might be brou¿nt here at the t^j ense ol the bt itt, \vould, if thev *°ttled in the colons-, obi mi a voice in the admini-tia lion ot its C»Uinimnt U as it to be s ippose.l tint tin y would support a pr-naple that would It id dncctly to in'io duce tidiiüoiul eompetilion against themselves lint was the true pus.tion ol the question and i the IIou*c w is now prep ned tori-011 to assisted immigration, it ought also to be consistent to remit the suffi age (. Oh oh' ) He h?d i woruTo ty about tue D.stnet Council« He knew that some oftheintérêt manifested ty tue p Iitions poured into that House m lavor of immigration w is e «ted oil behalf of Ätee propnetors It"« ia said that the value or ne.r piopertiesi would be increased by an increased population He maintained th it it there was my depies-ion m the colon) ciusedbv isearcitv of libor, it would not 1 ill "pon the ab- sentee proprietors, but directly upon ti e employers ol labor He felt on all grounds foi ti' immigration w is unnecessary In conclusion, he trustea the Treasurer would rev lew lils determination respecting tue ad valorem duties and (hat the free postal ti in-mission of newspapers would be discontinued Mr 3IOOR110LSL stud he had listened with gmt into n»t tollu opining statiment of the hon treasurer on tint imvuik In following lu« arguments hi vvouldhist Ilude to t li" lau 1 revenui, and he thought the proposition to ret mi ii r'"'' a distinct fund lor the purposes named m Hie lind Act wo t'd be generally assented to Le meint ot cotise tia» one halt of th it rtveme «hou'd le appropriated to i'ie DHrct Council« and «he olhei hal to Pty theinltitst on th» < ebt incuiied for permanent ini proMimnts (Hear hear) lhere ppcared to be some ie«ire tint insisted lmm gration should cease mil be w is p-epared to si ow bv the experience of other colonies that i" was unnecessary lie.e In the lolony ol NoviSeitn fer in«taiief there wa« no fun 1 for assis'cd immigration but ¡abor wa« abundant notwithstanding and if they turned to ther coidsofCunda they would find tint fir the la«t lo )ear» the numbei of people emigrating to tint countiy iver lged i\ ODO annually Certainly it might be argued th it the txpensi of a pis» ige from Oieat Britain to Cmadi I w>s much less thin to \ustrahn but on the othir li md whit was the ulitive value of prodi ce in Canar'aand Viisti aha ° In fañada the pro lu e ol w heat avenged only Iii busiiM« to the icre and it took lully three jim of 1 ibor toelur the land where the «J 1 w is Ii"ht while on the heavv md thickly timbered soil« it would occupy ptrlnos .¡0 ye irs to ilear the land ind render it th íoughU a\ ail i )le for the purposes of cultivition He had se n in C nada thou«ind«ofaerisofv\lieiteiref ill) hurvestel that ould not be cut in South Australi i In Vmenea for the li t two or threeye ir« theiiitrortuctionofimmigraiitslnd b"en «usl lined ittheiateot 11)01112010 Oannuall) lhere vv is ceitainly a pom*- at vv Inch as~i ted uniuigiati >n at the expense ^tale ought oceise- Hal tint point been arrive I it for "south Austi ih i ' He was not piepared to s ty lint it had (Heir heir) If then «houla p"ove to be a disposition on the put ol the Hou e to grant some money tins year tor ssisled immigritioii the question would natui lily irise vhether the lmmigr nits should bp brought out entire y it the expense of the Goveiliment orwhetier the/should be i squired to pay one half oi an) portion of their pausase noney He found that the classes of niimigruus especi lily ?petitioned for weie domestic servants miner« audagueul uril liborers With reference to domestic servants it I would leioupl tint that class veie getting 10/ to 1 I per | intiuin moiein A letona than m this colon) Heol-urvcl ilso that the '\ ictoii in Pirhuneiit hld receitl) "Itere It he original appropriation of t'levote for assisted imimrrition I by allowing only 14 000/ instea 1 of 3 000/ for the in trod c lion of female immigrants Ileshoul1 theiefore deci lediv oppose the introduction to this colony ot any ol these dome&tic; servants at the expense of the fetate As is to the mners it fiad b°en proposed that the Govermeut should send ships round to Mel x> írne and o"er a free p iss ige to ill who would come to this colon} That would be decidedly wrong, because it would tend to bring the two Govern nenrs into collision (Hea hear ) A. strong doubt li id insiu in his mind as to ho« far the petitions on the subject of nnaiigrition which had leen so plentifully presented by he District Councils «houll be allowed to influence th lloiiae in consideung the question Hie Distnet Councils lepresented the sittled dist icts of the colon) II ilf the levtiuies aiding fiom the lanl «iles ni those di» tncts lud been aire id) appropria ed tit îe- to assisted immigration or to public works, of which I those dstncts hal íeceived the bene'it If nionev wis voted now, as pra)ed by the«e petition« the settled districts would reip the advantages leeming from the expenditure ot the revenue arising from the litest lanl sal s mother and more distant distncts of the eolouy But j indepen entlv of tin« he b heved there wa« if present ver) lítele monc) to «pue for a sisted lmiuigritiou When the | lion member for Mount B ii ker allu led to the prosperity ol the colony during the 1 ist ten >ear« In. had appar utly lor "otteu tint dnring th it penal i million ml i hilf acres of th- besl linds in the to'ony lind been alienited and a nation ii debt of about one nullum ste-hn" contrvtcd Ii] the) dil not expend tie land reven its on . ..iste I immigration they might li IV e better public I vvoiks or what would peilnps be better «till they I might keep the lands Respecting the city police he thought that it the city w is call d on to bear the ' open°e of maintaining the loree the Corporatioi ought eeitauily to rcencthe revenues arising lrom public ho isc licenses He felt eoustrained to express his gratitude to the lion lreaaiirei for the clear ml lucid laanner in which he had submitted the 1 stimitcs to the House Hie e vv is one amount in the 1 «timat-1« to which he wi h I to al uJe befoie sitting down He sa v tint it was proposed to expend 10 0/ in electing i dining room í i the lion members of the Assembly ihatv 13 an item upon winch he «hould cor t linly lequire some explanation Ile thought tint if instead oi granting tint vote the House ic eded to the proposition to expend 100 / uuoii well sinking it would be evHieing a better judgment He fir one would always be prcpircd to alio v a matter of public utility to supersede one of merely pi i\ ate convenience (Heal hear) 3Ir GIADLwas almost lisposed to regret that he was not in the'lou e when the lion I reasiirei ivis m iking his linmcial «tiletuent aj he was not sun he hld notloat i gelt lie it on that occasion It must hive been inten«el) gratilymg to have listened to the lion _'entlcimii whne he was blowing his own tiumpet a"d asse ting his sell glorification (Laughter) He knew i good deal ot the hou lieasurers antecedents and he thereloie wo ild imdly be surprise 1 it ni) thing the lion g ntlenian might «ly (Oh oh) He was however s mew li it Ink n iback when hi lound the lion geiitlnuan tal ing ciechtto lumsell for the present tortunati position of the colony ( lie ir ) He had ictually ere Uti d himself w ith the discovcnes ol copper at W ii roo with (he goolhaivest Prov tdence had blessed them with and lor«ooth v ith the ba 1 h irvest th it had been expeiieneed in England n i) ho lud g me so fai is to cmiit himself with the stoppage of the antteip itel exo'us ol pomil ition from this colonv tout hid been cisured simpl) because the Snowv Jiiv er diggings hid proved ii nluie, aeircunist mee with which Hie lion 0entle man h id ab ni as much todo is he had with building the Pyi unidsot 1 g)pt (Taughter) I \e accident in the Lppei House by which the Assessment of Stock 'Vet hal been tin own out aud 7 ii theiebv unexpectedly pi ice I it the iieasuicr» disposal The lion gentlema i II chi-mng lismgen lousne he hal so ight to p-ofit jy the circuiiut mee tint the lirgc number of babies lorn in the colo îy lastyeu had sweliedthe ensua returns veiy con- sider ibl) (_.oud laughter) It had been said that the re ison wh) the Hanson Vdmmis'r tionludfuled wasthat tie) h 11 experience I three consceUtive dry win'ers and bad haivtsls md hcthouglt it might be said with equal truth *'ii't the present position oí the Ireasurer w is ov.ing mo e to i is good lue«, ihm to his julgment In 1 ct the lion ^eitleinin ippeired to resemble i «tewaid v ho erne to his lud i it'i something such i st jry is tins Well our lord ship 1 un vervs>r>) flin o ir 1 siimates loi the last ven h tve proveí inconecL 1 lungs turne! outso bad tint u eo ii 1 not bo helped llowev el I h iv e been foi I it late enou"h *o ii id i mine ou one comer of tha estate and I li ive sold that it i price tint will enable our expendituie to be ni mit un d Othei v ist I don t know vvh it w e should hav i done (Liugl tu ) 1 he lion licasuier bul tild them tint lue revenue ot ti e yen would exceed the orignal o«ti i lit ¡iy Ti) l 00/ VU lit ti C ¡yde euul 1 s iy vuis tnav >l lint ?»titini nt ivis horne out by fitts the leceipts foi the cunent quartet must cert linly be ot the most exfr oidin iry character ever 1-nown ii South Australia lull) oj000/ cune lrom foi cmg 1 he linds into the marl et and he li id onl) *o say tint this w i« pet Ino« the moatsui cdilpohc) wluchcou'dbe idopted and he was surprised i th it it should have been done «o 1 he case then w as th t [ the I îeasiirer had 40 000/ from 1 md w Inch li» had never ex pected. He had 7,000/. from assessments which he never expected, and 7,000/. from mineral rent and licences which he never expected ; so that of the 00,000/. excess about which so much had been said, at least 54,ooo/. carne out of the land fund in these items. If lion, members would examine the speech of the lion, member, they would find that the revenue during the first two quarters of the year had been really in a painful positon (olij- andthattheGovernnieui. had actually been bound to force large quantities ol' land into the market in order to enable the Treasurer t ) meet the House, and 74,ooo/. it was expected would be obtained from land sales tiiis quarter in consequence of forcing the land into the market in this most indiscreet manner. And now about the Esti- mates. He found that the lion, member never had sepa- rated the land lund from the general revenue in making up his Estimates. (Hear, hear.) This would, he imagined, be a icaiarkably simple mutter, as it only involved the prepara- tion of two returns of revenue instead of one. (Hear.) It had been a plan which was adopted previously in the old Parliament, when the Treasurer of the day always used to place on the table of the II. use a return showing the revenue derived from Crown lands alone. And here he might remark, that he had listened to the speech of the hon. member for Onkaparinga (Mr. Milne) with a great deal ol' pleasure, and that he agreed with every ligure which had been brought forward by the lion, member, and with every statement made by him. The Treasurer had said that the land lund was not enough to pay the expenses, but all that the Treasurer had taken into account was the 1/50,000/. which he derived from the sale of lands ; but then, as the bon. member for Onkaparinga had very clearly shown, there were the amounts from rents, assessments, and other sources, to be added to this, winch brought up the total revenue derived from the lands to pretty nearly 310,000/. [Hear, hear.] Ile agreed with the revenue estimated by the'treasurer in many points. [Hear, hear.] He believed that the Government would receive,:« anticipated, 150,00 /. from the lands, although it was pro- bable that the recent fall in wool might in some respects act against them, as preventing the squatters trom eomingso freely info the markct~[laughttr]- but seeing the extraordi- nary character of the events vv Inch had transpired, he was in- clined to believe it posr-ible even that more might be realised from leases and assessments, and also from Crown lands, than was anticipated. [Hear, hear.] A reaction would, however, inevitably take place as regarded the first item, and. although a great many of these sections might be taken up at -t /. >i piece, at present there was little hope of their being similarly taken up next year. (Laughter and hear.,) He had said last year that the Treasurer would not derive ¿30,ooo/. from customs. He had prognosticated this much, and for these reasons. Ile was trying to roalisi his customs from entirely the wrong class of articles. He was trying to get his duties from the very class of articles which the best patriot among them would wish that they should be reduced. Had the 'Treasurer kept up the ad valorem duties he would, no doubt, have realised the amount anticipated, but he had not done so. (Hear, hear.) What would Hie lion, gentleman do if he went to one of his teetotal meetings and told them he was anxious to raise his revenue from the articles he was now trying to raise that revenue upon? Why, they would pooh pooh the bon. member "off the plat form if he attempted to do so. (Laughter. The lion, member had stated that the average customs revenue during the last three years had been l-.is.oooZ., but it they would take the average of the past year they would lind that the revenue only amounted to llt.ooj. per annum. The lion, member had then observed that although double duties had been imposed upon these articles, the revenue had not decreased. He thought that a particulaiiv happy state- ment to come from the Treasurer, especially when the increase in population was also considered. The lion, member had also referred to the fact of his revenue from this source being reduced in consequence of the repa) ment of the ad va'orem duties. 5,ono/. certainly bad been paid back on account of these duties, but the Treasurer could not take credit, for the whole of that amount, inasmuch as lie was receiving the double duties for the first 17 days at all events Ot the financial yeir (Heir hen ) And now mrtfeitiict to the question ol theexi on» in 1 unpoits He would giant Put the cnlonv did cxpoit in three )cm 4 G 1300' wonhof good» still this was ni îealtt) i most 1 ill motts "round upon which to rest arguments i« to the mt iona I puspiritv Let them takeaease as the lion memberfoi Onk ipili ivawou «a) (Laughtei ) buppo ing a merchant in I oudo i to co i l^n l »tf/ worth of ¿oodstohis agent litre with msti notions to remit the imount received f >r those goo Is in w ool 1 he«e goods would be passed at the Customs at a value ot si) 1 1(0/ and peril »ps liny would come to a good market and might i e dise say 1 100/ or 1 soo/ Y\ eil the agent bei e la) s out t um amount in wool which i« s nt to Londjii and anne perlun* to i good mail et also and may realise l - i l Well theu it*toil to nason that while the exports nii^l t nppeirto be great the colony woull ictu illy lose be iu e one would exclnnire away 15)0/ worth ol vv roi for 1 000/ worth ot say boots md shoe« (I ui_,litei oh na 1 hear lu ir ) He saw ti at the lion the Oorumissionei ol Ciown 1 nuls laughed it this but they would lind that w is in reality «o But Mip¡ ose, on Hu other Inn I the ¿oodsm the hist i ist mc came toa bill larke* and the 1 ) 0/ worth Ol buoisiind shoes jaly leal sed 700/ oi b i( / the i the agent li re could only purchase tor export in letum t'i it qua any ot woo' und the ciiisequence was that the colonv were the gainer« becmse they got l «of/ worth of boots and shoes lor 80 / worth of wool (I lughtci ) But he dil not see tint the/ could judge ol the ispett of the co'ony bj comp irison in this wiy, because they had not the pioper d i i betöre them and th relore under any circu "sta ice Hie u g imentwisfallacioi « lhere w is one point upon which he thoioughly agreed with his bon lnend the 1 rea. ur r ml he vv is g111 to lind Hi it the lion in uiber hid at 1 lal ernie round to Ins argument in itlerence to fine« f e« uid or future« lhen m respect to îaihi i)« he perceiv 1 that the Inn meribci expected to reeeive hC 000« from i ail wa) s Ile st tes that by his, r ulvv i/ s\ stem he had aver i"cd K9 uoo/ pei piinuni he presumed th it the ti0 ues were con cet It so he considered th it the imount w is over c«tunitcd (No no) Well he saw that by the leturns of the list two months the receipts had oily been / lhere hid al o been include 1 in these figures s v ni hohdav tiains the Comnussionir ol Public \V o ks said that they rathei lost by the hohj ly train« He'i 1 edi I not know ow th it might be but he li id ahv i) s understool the contrary (Hear hear) In n.lertmce to the Wattrwoiks he had prognosticated last «e=sion tint tue lre"surer w ) ild not receive th» 0 0d0/ winch he anticipated lrom his water rate« ind so tar hi» prophecies hil proved correct for he had onl) receive 1 1000/ 1 iking the fi"uies of the bon treasurer as i whole however, he bthevtd that the revenue estimited would be leahsed (Hear) Theie u is one thing however which he should like to sie explained and that wa« that while the treasurer represented that the revenue had exceeded the Estimates by 60,oco/, vet there was only some lc.ooo/ brought lorward No douut there were some heavy items upon the Supplementary Estimates which would be brought lor uard m explimtion ol this (Hear) Seeing, then, that they had some .¡0,000/ to 26,010/ to spend, let them turn and see how tiley were going to spend it Hie first item on the Estimate« fli.it they would notice wa« the Clerk of the l.xtiutivc He did not see why that office and the office of Private Seiretarv should not be filled by the same gentle- man md ho w as surprised that when a vacancy oecurrtd recently, the Government did not cineavor to adopt such a ioui«e (Heai, hear) then theie was the question of poiice As a suburbin member, lie slnuld endeivoi to I ring ibout an alteration m (he maingement of that dtpau meiif (Hen, hear) Hie I reasurer li id promised them that the m it ter should engage the attention of the Govern- ment during the ses«ion, and he should try to get protection for the suburb«, but the bon member w as so strong and confident in his conduct ol the Government, that he, 3Ir (Hyde, leared he would be un nile to obtain justice lor the «uburbs (No, no ) Then there was the item "aborigines " He saw Protector of Aborigines, he could not help thinking that this was an unnecessary item it seemed to him in- deed, that it was an office created for the purposed providing loo/ a year for the benefit of a gentleman who had come from England to receive it (Oh, oh ) He thought all the duties in connection with this office could be performed hy- the police He was sorry that none of the amount bor rowed on bonds for the completion of the Waterworks and Railway Works appeared on the estimates He considered that it was a good rule which had been passed by the House a coupl of years back, that one third of all money borrowed on bonds should appear on the Lstimates nid a third of the « mi w Inch he h id referre 1 to should h ive been arranged | m this wa He should like if the Committee «ltting on his Lill could ma nge to do this In icleieuce to immigra tion he supposed he must say a few word« as it wis the gi cat point at pieseut (Hear md laug iter ) The time wi» li believed approaching when this question would be Í ircibly pi essea upon the attention of the House He was very sou y indeed to see that no sum had beenplacelon the I stmatcs for the purposes of immigration 1 ut that the Ireasurei ha I actually gone out of his w ay to tell the House that the Government would be opposed to it He would not now go into the details of this question because he lelt luite sure that the session would not be allowed to pass iver wlihou*- an attempt being made to get np this g,eat ques nu and to have m uno mt place! on the lastímales fo>- the purpose oí bringing out immigrants (Hear bur) He thought lion ever as the tost of bringing out parties to this colony was 15/ per head any person or I peisons wishing to bring out immigrants-companies want in., miners farmer« v* tuting laborers or lalies wanting female «"riants - that these parties should be allowed to pay to the Government 10/ per head tor them and that the balance of the expense should be borue by the Government I hen afterwards if those parties rein lined 12 months in the colony he should suggest that hilf of the amount paid should be returned to the parties (Hen heir) He believe 1 tint this scheme would le feawiblf an I would prove benth« ii to the colony (Hear hen ) Hi w"s cer ain that ere 12 months frjni the pre«mt time the question would line to be grappled with and it was therefore well that «onie lcasible scheme shoult be considered HecDuld not give the Ireasurei credit tor the events of the pist jen but he believed that it carewi« used m the future ind if a little of his impetuosity and ardour w as checked bj the other members of the Ministry -(hen and i lighter)-they might conduct the bus ness ot the count i ) with créait md take advantage ol the favor ault circumstance which might arise in the good time j coming )Heir heir ) Mi lOW x "si N Dlu 1 not had the opi ortunity of hearing the hist portion ot the speech of the lion member Mr Glyde bui he understood ti at he had accused his lion friend the lieasurei ol seit "lorifications in the îunarks winch he | had nnac in releunccto th pist )ear He thought that i one weie better up in tint sort ot thing than the lion member for i ital i Hie lion membe- invariably spoke in a | tone appro iching to Irieiidhness when speaking ot the lrea «mer anljethe w is ilvvays trying to upset the Govern ment md, in one or two cases 1 e had suc-eeded and when he bil one so what had been the re«ult Why the lion member hal stool alone in his endeavors to conduct the busmissof thei >untr) I hey were not sent there lor the | ¡ urpos of embarra» mg th-Government but to assist them incirrymg on tht b siness ot the ountry (Hear hear) I nt lion member accused the Government of killing the] goose that laid the golden eggs ni forcing land into the market for s de m I s0 killing the squatters The lion members 'Messrs Blyth and 31ilne had over anl over a"ain sail the same as the bon mnni ber Mi dL le had said that lay and «mee I it was bad p >hcy on the part of the Government to sell lind ic uding to their arguments he would ask had, uj^thc lion memoer Mr Milne when a member of the Government recommended this ver) course And tint nun of ligure« the lion member for \ atala Mr Glyde he «aw by the votes ml proceedings hid supporte 1 them and tiny hid received 2 4 ml lrom the ale ofwistc lands He would i«t w is not tin» so l he liea«urer said Mr G L\ Di io e to order He «hculd like to an»wer the | direct que tion ol the lion member Hie ( II VIKMVN s u 1 tint the lion member could ex II in any point upon which he thought he had been miare pre eut ed Mr GI \ DI wished to answer a direct question Hie Cll VII M VN- Hie lion member is out of order If he is di su ins of imih.1 ig my explanation he cm do so Mr fOWNSI NO sail that he had understood the lion member to « i) tint it wis not until the irea«u er had found his-lev ernie in i un«erible plight that he had forced the lind , into the ni irkit Ht coiisi lcrcd that this Ii id not bein the | case Hielion membe hld also «aid that the 1 md revenue should be 1 out d stlnct If the lion gentleman silo ill evei hold i Stat, iipiii the litasury lui hes tiny would see whether he won! I keep the land fund distinct If he did so from what lund would he mike up his general resource , \\\ li it hidden souicc of revenue wo ild suggest itself to he enlightened mind of the hoi inmbcrJ Why li must mil eitu iftoiu the land fund Hie Ion member had sill that the exports and imports of the country were no ground» upon which to j idge of the nitional prospentv Why he, hid li ard the gre it lirancier of I ngland Mr GluMone himself «ay tint it was so and that it did show th" piospent) of tie country when the e-ïpoits vveieover tht imrorls md it was p etty goo I argum nt in favor of such aeouisc wheiihcsiilthat men like Wilson Glidstone and oth»rs cnisidered that the best test of the nrosneutv of n itioii was the imports exports and the gold m the B inks ( lie ti ) He considered that the colony had ne\ cr been more prosperous linn i hil been in the previous )ear, and yet the lion înenibei -the Ireisiner that was to be fMr ülvJcj had Iruvn the most gloom) picture of affairs li had foietold a tremendo is exodus to the Snowy River diggings ]_)H1 that take plac 3 He had foretold that thtv j vvoull not deiive the (estimated revenue lrom Custoirs and raihv av°, md other source« i id vv as he rig it in an) instance but the soht uy one of W itei w orks J No Mr GLIDI rose t0 01 dei Hie eli VIRiI V\ - Hie lion membci is out of order Mi 10W \sLND continuel-lae lion member had had the m tutu/a listse-sion he hoped he had not mother I iltics low [I*itf,iui] Ile w is apt-iking now in the pitstnte of men of businesa and he would put it to tluri how wo ill th y judge ol tmir prosperity-would it not bt by thtir proht and loss account ' Y is lhey \ oui I go by thitnomitter what might be stated to the contrary out of I tloors is to the business they wcie doing Well if thev saw themstlve» S2 000/ betttr in thpt account, would the) not colistier themsilves as so much better off in husnus»3 [Hear, hear j It was exact!) so here Hie iiei«ure had commence! his »ss=ion svith a deficit of 2 ,000/, and thev now found 62 000/ to the credit of the revenue and w hat was the consequence J Wrhy, they had s iv ed some 15 0 io/ or io ooo/ on i«tabhshm°nts and they had ha I the business of the country cm lucted tor that sum l"ss than formels, and would any lion member «a) that the public «tivice had been worse managed than m former j )eaisJ (No no) Hie bon member for 3 atali knew well lint the Ion iel Govi- iimcnt would have k"pt u i establish ments md would have repeale 1 the ad valorem luties be ciu=e that was mentioned in th^ (»o/ern r s spceh How then woul'they hive made up tn revenue but by the land fand' llicn the bon member had referred to the duty on tob ceo and said that the treasurer had represented the amount» derived from tint «ource as the sime it 2s as at is But the question wa« ha 1 the same quantity of | tobacco been cous lined as formerly ' and he thought that it had 1 hen in reference to smuggling, he believed w hat the lieasurei said m reference to that There had only been to his knowledge one c ise of smuggling and that w is the | ca«e of a Mi luderman-(liughtci)- and that gentleman had imported »onie cases of dripery in which cigais were ' packed and the I reasurer through his officers of Customs, ha 1 «eizeil those goods md they hid been sold (Hear) lhcn in ichrenee to excursion tram« i remark had b^en made He believed tint those tiams had proved i loss, a d he hal the lutliont) of the Minagtr of Rulvv i)3 for saying so Hie quesUo i then arose to what wa» the Urge increase in the rev« nue from i ail wa) s dueJ Why to the large qu in title« ol wheat and othei produce which had been iorwa'ded by the rail and would lion members say that this was not a lcsitinntesouict ' Wh) that was the very purpose for which the miss y« had been constructed, and to charge the increase from tin» source on a 1 iKe system ssas simply absuni (Hen heir) lhcn as to the q ie»tion ot immigra tun and as to whether it ss is requin d oi not lhey had a ss ay ml ig a id ol testing those matters namely once m seven) eu« at evci j gen»! al election This had been male a leading ipi stion in the recent eleetun md the lion mern btr toi the Bun i and Clare li id trimmed upon it when oefoie theelectors II i^not hiniaclf and some others scenMi N il s s i ! li eis when it wis ni manuscript ml hil they not ii idol the hill» and li appj valle)«ofthi»beautitulco mtr), tnd «o firth teuniug with populatnn ive J (Laughter) But when tint gentleman got to the Burra he lound public feeling ss is «a strong tint he had after all to trim on tin qjctioi (Hen and la igji»er ) He w is quite sure that it they were fullj to consider the question tl»"y would not be u livoi of immigration lhere was a very worthy and re spect ible gentleman who hld bein agitating the District Counci's on those nntteis-(Vii S tomkinson)-but that gcntlimin had a «Hinge penihanty ind that was that ssliethn in the Chuich the Chamber of Commet co or in ponde he w is always 11 i mm irity (Laughter) I nichtig lum«elf in i nunoiity on this ocei«ion he had ..ent letters to the v ii ous Distnc Councila on th s qu stioil Lut still that gentleman lil n t ^ucceel in influencing all the Distnct Council in hi3 livor He would call the attention of lion member» to a repoi t which had appe ired of the proceedings of tin District Council ot I ast torrens ind there it appeired the letter ot Mi lomkiiisoii was «mini) reeeiseland no litrther notice wa3 t ikcn of it He believe I that if they weie to import I ibor, es en t ike domestic sers nils which were alleged to be scarce they ssould be un ible to Keep them when they sasv that they could get to per cent maie in ti e »h ipe of wages m \ ictori i Vnd then is to I iborers it wa» mat the sim" llcvvoilil iu»t i» the lion member tor Noailuuga who was in favor of immigrition whithtr it hi w is a blacksmith, for inst mee (Oh)-and there were many blacksmiths and c rpeuters ss ho ss en is able and could arg îe politic ii economy asssellas the lion member or any ¡ion member ot lint lion <. even though the lou member hil «tilied the 'pies ion lroi i his twcnliet i yeir for the lion member no ii after what nui-tion wa« brought before the House had ulwiys st died it from the time that he was u yeirs ot ig1* -(1 militer)-he would isk vvhethei under those circumstances he would vote monev to b ing out competition igaiii«t his IJIIOI J [I uighrtr ind hur ] W hy the men who would de this svoul I be simply ins nie It ss as not hosvuer « ) much a que ti m ot ss ige« is it svis < t political freedom Mens e e said to tom out hereto better their con lition but it ss is not «o in eli the vva^s which snUiced them to le ive their home» au I al' the tus upon the fuer feelings in I all tious oi their nsture-(hear)- as the free lorn of our institutions (Hear hen ) He lid not think ssith the«e institutions that if svas svise to have a large un employed population He had seen the Um Commissioner ot Public \ioiks oilice «urrouudcd by hundreds oi mcu when theie w is a glut of libor in this colony an \ the bon gentlemm hal ilwty» done his best to Hut empkyment f n them but a st ite ol things sach as this «hould not exist 1 he lion member Mr Milne had al«o been in this position and he too li ii In 1 to look for employment for these men ud did lind employment« lor tU"m II« had hosvever to io omme id i piece of work which stood there as i monument ol the tsih of glut ol hbor namely Breik neck Hi I lint work had been taken up and gone on with svifltout piopei considerUion and simply to enable the Government to deü with me un employed 5 roo/ or i o al hld be°n spent at Breakneck Hi an 1 he might s^fe y say th it he had nes cr seen a svorse piece ot s 0"1 ii hu life fhei e w ould ol cours" ai ise peri ids svhen laige numbers ol men would be out of erap'ojm"iit and would hascti be emplovel by the Government or t ¡ey would le ive the colony an! thQir svives and children to be m lint tined it tlu exptnst of the Government thiough the Destitute Vsyl mi It was all nonsense to aiy that the Gosornment svere bo ml to thos" j-cison« svho had bought Uni m the colony "hose parties bought their lanl will knowing tint the Groscrnment rcseised the right ol de i -, with immigra ion is the) might from time to time think lit (Heir) litgardiug Hie police I a thought that «jmencsv principle sho Id be adept"d m the managinieiit ol tin« department Howevei tiiough the main body oi the police ssero kept in the city he t lought thes were engaged ni ssork in which the svhole colon) ss is interested liossever he should like fo s c in equitable division of the taxati m heie and'-Iiould suggest that one thirl be bourne In the city one th r I by the cou ury and one third by the revenue He thought some«ucha plan as this would prove fia ib e He vv is sorry that a sum of 500/ hal not been pi iced on the 1 «tim itt s lor the South A istrah in Institute ile observed l 000/ for the Botanic Garden, and he con si lered it was a mo«t essential thing that tho Institute should also be supported [Hear heir] Hew is sure that the money v ould be svell expende 1 under the management of the Governors [Hear hear ] Then the telegraph de p irtment w anted attention the accommodation m the city was miserable although the position was perhaps the most central and convenient which could be selected [Hear hear 3 Still, when compared w ith the splendid buildings at the Poït and 3Iount Barker and elsesvhere he tliought they should have a betterofnce in A lelaide The money for the Post Offne should also have appe ired on the Estimates mon espicially as the sum had been voted The lion member lor tatala had attemptel to make a joke and the lion member asked what would the teetotal fnen Is of the lion treasurer say svhen they met him upon the question of the remosal ot the ad valorem luttes ant m leference to distillation He believed the lion member was sincere in what ho «aid and though he dil not drink so much of the nasty spmts as other lion mein bers he believed the present Ireisurcr would rejoice in tim good time when we «h mid derive oui nsci u fr mother, sounes than those which tended to iebase the i eople- I namely sources which wo dd advance our moral gieatnesa | (TIcar hear) Hebeheved howevir thatanyone who looked i carefully into the present position of the colony must come i to only one conclusion ninds tint notsvstanding tue gloomy foreoo lings an 1 foreshad wings ot insolvencies and ' p lines and so forth the colony was in a most prosperous , condition A lesvmg it as a whole either by the money ni our Banks or our virtuous population he believe 1 that th colony ol South Australia did st md tint loy in a better I position than any other ef the Australian colonies (Hear | hear ) Mr SIHIH RI VN D would not detain the House long and he certainly should not attempt to follow the hon member who had just sat down Who ould lollosv lum through ad the svmdings and turnings of his arguments^ Th lion member of course alwi>s spoke as it no one h id studied my qu°sti >n but himself and he seemed to be the only one for to think himself so) svho siood out as the poor m«.n s Inend (IlPtr hear) What about t ixation tho igh The lion member had altogether shirke I the question He tho îght the lion membei s viesvs uponimmi gration ssere not correct viesvs 3Ien did n it come j out here to remain always es laboring men no they came out here m order *nat they might | become masters and they did so in many in stance« Had the lion member arris ed in the colony 11 years earlier he ssould have known better about this W hen the I lion member arrived they were m a period of complete turmoil and be did not know how they went on before that 3Ien used then to come out not foi the s ike of a few «hil lings extra wages but that they might acquire propei ty and I become masters He would not go fully into this question now but would try to give them «orae statistics in reference to expense of emigrating to \menca I irst however III J regard to the budget he thought they sverc indebted to the i treasurer for the clear manner in which he hal arranged these statistics ("Hear hear ) 1 here svas a s ast amount of truth in the remark made by the lion member for Mount ' Barker 3Ir I inni«s in reference to the manner in which statistics might be turned to account lhere svas one matter svhich he thought should be explained in regard to taxation and that was a statement that certain individuals svere anxious to grind dosvn the laboring man (Heir hear; Hie Titasurer had last yeal state! the difference of taxation betsseeii the laboiing man and the other clises of the community (Hie hon memuer here quoted a poition ol lhc treasurer s speech of last session; It appear? 1 from this tint the 1 ibouungpopulation actually hid pud more per heul in th shape of taxUion than the richer classes and he would as] was that rightJ In reference to the question ol the -d valorem duties he thought that that amount of revenue j should be take i up in order »hat all might be put on an eqjitable and just looting?> (Hear) lu regard to the Land I und he agree I that it should be kept distinct lrom tht I reneral revenue and tint the greater portion of it should le expended m public works md immigration If tins hal been so neaily 140000/ could have been laid out in public works He did not mean by that a house or tsvo here an 1 there but that the money should be exrended in roads bnlgcs and jettys andgenerilly for the opening up of the j country W herever there was a large population he con sidered they should h is e a police ol icer, telegraph« ant every thing else of the kind important matter referred to by the 1 reasurer and th it was ' in 1 el renee to the produce of the land Had the lion member made proper enquiry he svould have found that an average of 13 bushels per a re w ould not pay the larmer A fair average svoull base been 15 IG 17 orfnm that to 2 bushels per acre (Heir) He noss came to the question of immigration Did the lion member mean ti say tint the lui mers of the colony could reap their liars est if they should happen to has e a very good one without a large influx of people' He remembered one season svhen they svere almost I unable to gather their harvest md lut that the) had an implemc it to do it one hilf of the produce of the harvest svould have gone to ruin If they had mother large liars est they svould never be able to get the crops m Hie petitions nosv being sent in lrom Distuct Councils w with the district svant« and had the lion the I reasurer been as long 1 district councillor as he (the speaker) lud been he ssould hasc knosvn a little more about the svmls of the colony 111 reference to immigration ("Hear hear ) Ile Distuct t ii ne Hoi s were those best ftted to judge of the sv mfs of their district« (No no) Oh of course the lion \ttorne) General he meant the Commissioner oí Crosvn lands Hiélate Vttorne) Goner ii knew fir better than he did about all these matters (Hear hear ^ Oh yes but cou'1 the lion member say that he knev more ibout Ins district-the district of Tnc muter Bay which he the Com missi mer ol Crown I ands represented Did he know more about tint di trict than the men who as a District Council had presente! a petition to the House that day He said not (Hear hear) Ihese gentlemen had 10 time« I the knowledge of the hstnet that then représentât is e 111! tint House bal (Hear hear) Well then it ss 1« nitici pate* tint our mines ssould indue parties to come os oi from A letona he thought tint was very likely cou«ideni g that the \ letonans sscre now »pending about | . 1 000/ on immigration thePisilve« (Hear) Hi could not «ss illoss that id aatall [Hear and laughter] O íe lion gentleman had in titut d acomparison suth the expelíais of I oOing to Anienca Now it wa» quite true peril ips thct it might cost ?>/ to go lrom Brit mi to America if you ssent to I is erpool and «Tied 111 a first class packit but emigr nits co i'd be lande 1111 New 3 oik at li ont / 10s to 3/ pirhead lhtn ss hen thej g it to Ness lork th y hil to work then svay gradually lo the back btatt« Nosv 1* cost \rl here to I be landed at Poit Adclaid" audit a gentleman ssanteda sers ant he svent there and selected one and if he wanted to | go to Port -Vugusta «as ha had to pay to go there team ihen again sshat wis the time req tired to go bets ten Britain and Ness 3ork Why a lortnight thiee sseeks pei haps if they went b) a «ailing vessel 1 he Ireisurer lid ; not look pleased but th s w as a most import int point-(hear and laughter)-ss here ss iges were estimated at 1/ per week lhere were io weeks iu ti ne lost or lathT svages-10' lost to the working man, or 5/ if 1 female servant He I held that ii we ofiired to bring immigrants out to this 1 coon) free anltheyhadtopi) 5/ togoto America theyvvould I yet be the losers in coming out here (Cb and laughttr ) He believed that inless the colony devised some good scheme lor bringing immigrants out litre it would be mi ible to get then (no no) Will he supposed the time of the lion Commisioner of Cros> n lands was of no \alue bit he could issure the lion gentlemm thaf it was not a jo^e loi a working man to li ive to «pend 10/ ti come out hen md he belicstd they woul 1 lind a difhtultj in inducing peopn to | come out lure Hie question with people going to a colony was vhen could thiy {,0 to cluapist md with th° least j loss of time He must «ay 11 ltlerenee to the petitioi s presented to that House that he admire I the action of these | men svho signed petitions m f is or rl mimigiation svho hal benefite 1 by that «s »tem themselves an 1 be Ii 11 presented a petition to the House the otherdiy signe I by -1 such person« (Heir ) He believed tlipy sho ildnot loo! at this qu stion 111 a mi ross point ol view \> ages wo ii 1 me or lall iccording as they got out labor He di 1 hop that the treasure- s ould tike the question of immigration into accoant before the close of the «e sion ( Heai hear ) Mr PARKIN «aid that this debate hal noss lasted a'ong tine, and must have cons dcmblv ia ved tho patience of the lion Speaker svho had tollmen to it He honed hossever ? that he ssoiill ssitistand the subject a little longer to give j bun an opportui its of sa)ing a iesv word« (Hear hear ) It svas a paiticulaily dry subject and although a good deal hid been said ibout spirits and wine he ss'as «o-iy to say that not a single drop of it had entered lu« lips /Laughter ) Hie question of figures was at all times a difficult one to handle but the I re isuier with inimitable tact and skill had spread them out well on this occasion and had distribute 1 them like an expert caterer on the table in the best st) le which the colony or the world eould supp y (laughter) The Treasurer bid made some queer lemarks so had otherä and he hopel they would excuse lum if he mad*»use oi some queer figures (Hear hear ) It had been the lustom 111 the British Ho ise of Commons foi Chancollois of the Exchequer to stand out at least once a yeir it was a privilege conferred upon them (Heir) And Chancellor« of the Excheque" had stood out and he had witnessed 1 îmstlf some or them and had nad ol oth rs sueh men as D Is-ach I esvis and nosv Gladstone an 1 he sva» th" leviathan hi nself ( He ir and 1 lughte ) Ii hid been the custom of thc«e lion members ho s ni to st ind out to be shot it ind to be «lapped and wnippe 1 and jostled about and «uc'i ssas the case heie and lb hoi Ireasurei had stood lorth to ícceive his castigation (Heir and laughter ) fhT first lion member vs ho had led eli ssas that little lum» of giod nature the lion memb r fji Oukap nunga VIr Milne He had been h ;kmg anxiously aiound the Crosvn Lands for some sort ot a weipon wheressith to give the lion Treasurer a go d rip but lie lad been at a îoss to find one whin he svas dnected b, a friend ssho stood upon 1 bank to a\ ouna plantation ot popl ira (loud laughter m a p ace call (I the immigration resers e Well he li id repaired to the pi nita tion with a sti<-k upon which he hld marked down m immense number of hieroglyphics and he had given 1 we 1 dis 1 led aim with this at the boa t le treasurer but whether it was tint the lion member was encased in skin ti"ht co its of stubborn tact or not he did not know but the blois hal «truck h m and glanced oil without injuring him (laughter J Well then caine the I» iitum ti linen of M mut Barker (loud laughter) jammed full ot svadding as tit I t is ever he coul I ho d and onewould have thought tint he vas going to b ow up the sv hole concern but some hosv or other theshot« find sseie nther to > high or too losv or too much ont side or the other but at last one of tlum hit the mark but lo and behold it boundel otf again with terrille loree and pietty neirl) disable! the marksman (I oud laughter ) lhen carne the lion nie nber for Gumeracha like a Boanerges and ho began 1 thund ung rounl and criekhng Uk pods under a pot-(rt 1rs of laughter)-and then he disoended to Wallaroo and "\ u can like began to forge Ins bolts in the «ubtern utan receptacles there but he found ttiat he only mu It 1 great noise which reverberated and dtstrt' u id 1t9e.lt oser the colons and put people n ten >r Next to him up »tai ted the Commissionei ot Public Wo, I s with his shield and he Mr Purkin noticed the shield to be lull of holes-(laug iter)-so th it esery attempt he made to shieul the lion 1 reasurer ss is ridiculo 1« (í augbtei ) He sv is sorry to letain the House at that late hour ( do on go on ) Ihen came the popgun of I ast Tonens -(lau^htei)-with his revolver He loaded it with ssl it he called the íepeal Oi the ad valorem duties and ht lu* d i iway -not it the 1 reasurer but it in empty place 111 tue note but ii ne nau aimed direct at the Ireasirer ltwouil not li isc made mich difference He Mr Parkin fain i d the lion member s brain was a little turned win n he talkei of supporting education but proposed to put a t ix upon knowledge in the shape of postage on îevvsp^pTS (Iauht"i He «aw the bon member still continuel to a He ti=e in the 1 /bier and ()t<¡uv i the Uheituet and Chi ) it tie, but ssoud he put a tix on the papers which svou d près ent many ii oin seeing those advertise incuts .> 1 he c m t igion seeme I c iu"ht by the next speaker the lion nicinb r fir West lorrens who t ilked in the same strai i about i knowledge tax If those gentlemen were let loose on i c jlony there was no telling vv hat h u m might be done > it the li ) i member lor 1 ist lorrens had that afternoon show n some »)mptoms of returning saint) anl had laid before the Uou«e some nally good and Sensible things Next came the lion member lor \ atula He had prepared an in«tiu ment which he brought down on the Treasurer like an - obehbk full ot hieroglyphics-(laughtT)-as if to sweep away the treasury, tables ind all Ht me-t ssith a friend m i Bank and on consulting with h m he svas advised to go io the immigration plantation and there cut a »tick to beat the Treasurer and armed ssith that he entered the Hiuse He Mr Parkin also noticed svlnle the lion member w ia speaking he used his loot ns if he svould li ive kioked tilt treasurer out if hecould (iaiglner) But he mu«t not detain the House any longer ( Goon goon ) Well next carne the lion member for Onkapirmga with a svind clapper (laughter)- r something of the kind that male a gre it noise an 1 after bun followed th it great sl"d^e ïammer the General ot Roa I« ( I aughter ) 1 hen he thought the 1 rea surer was m tor it but after al' he di In t stem in ich the worse He Mr Parkin 1 a 1 gone through the statement ot Ways and Means and would say that bethought it au honor to the colony to have such a 1 re isurer svho could lay befon the House so clear anl lucid and pinn matter ot tact state meut f Ironical cheers irom Mr N Bl) th ) Hie mor ii li dresv horn the whole was tilt whether bon members ¡sought by avalanches by stratagem by tine«se or anything I else to depose their present treasure hi» sue es«or s oui 1 dud his no easy plsce He would warn lion ni inbersthit uns one who occupied that seat after the present lreas mt woul l find the position anything but a comfortable one 3Ii LI\DSA\ did not agree with the last speaker tin1 thp 1 reasurer s seat would necessarily be hard for others He thought the Treasurer h id so smoothed the svay for any one svho might follow tint it ssould be found comparatively risy The lion membei lor i alala 3Ir Glyde had spoken ot the Ireasurer having in lulged in self glorification, but ot all the speeches he ever hear 1 for self glorification he thought that lion member s beat them all Hie lion member Mr Milne li 11 called the treasurers statement in question us a matter of account bit he did not impugii the facts or the figures He Mr Lindsay, agreed to a great cxteut svith the lion member He thought the ordinary and extraordmai y expenditure svould be Dettei kept separate, but the hou member svished to know hosv much coul 1 be got 1 n immigr ition- No no from Mr Milne Hie lion member said no He supposed then he must have misunderstood h in but at the time he thought he bad that object m view He, Mr Lindsay differed from another hon member as to the advisability ot immigration He might be wrong, but he conscientiously gave that as his opinion ne was not there as the advocite lor the working man, but, as a matter of finance, he considered immigration unadvisalile He, how- ever, thought it a good thing for immigrants to come to the colony, though he ssould not have the public money spent m introducing them He diflered lrom the bon member lor Onkaparinga, that imports ¡md exports were no t ritinon of ihiprospeiity of the colony anl he tho ght tint the m ciease ol the populition sv is also to some ixttnt sshen mi mi 'rants came here lrom 1 ngl lud Wa"cs might be high here but so long as the colony of 3 letona offered us high < r biglin wage« peonlessoull "other» to sshatthey thought eisieisvork Hie lim minier Mi 3lilne sai I that while the other colonies were soling laige stuns tor immigra tion they coul I not expect immigrants to come to this colony He Mr fmlsay thought that the very re ison why they nn"ht expect them here especial j if -» svas likely the other colonies imported mon thin they req ured the «mp us wmil I cone over here If wiges ro,e temi or inly the) woul I be s u t to come down He believed in voluntaiy immigration md a rise ni ss igts ssrs the sure«t wa) » > get nnmigi ints from 3 ictorn 3\ ith respect *o the ltiestion of 11 v ilorem duties svhich the lion mein! cr Mr M v irey thought ouBht to be leintioduced hi 3Ir lindsay had soled lor their lepeal Hie lion member had «aid th it the commerci ii bod) ssere against the repeal He 3Ir lind -ty mixed otc ision illy with comme reial men and lrom his ob ervation he ssas induced to bellese the ton tnry i lie lion merni f "itmi I t J have misunderstood an a lusion of the treasurer which ho thou"ht vvis meant to hit at some fesv whose interests were alfccted with relerence to certain impoi t iti ins í rom Melbo irnc I he boo member for 3 i ala hu I spoken of the receipts for luties on wines and spirits being diniini lied ai d that tv trv good colonist ought to rejoice at it he ssasg' 11 to set i md would be glad also to see iree distillation W hen the I rea«urer proposed it last session he said the whole system would have to be rcviscl He Mr Iindsiy ss is strongly in fisorol direct taxation is be tho ight eventually a It tration of the colonies must comeaboit and this was lntompitiUi with varjuig tanti« Hi would be glad to see the itturns horn the dutu» on ssini au I spu its reduced to nothing lor he thounht the colony should grosv its ossn He ssould not go into the longstite mentol the lion member lor 3Iount Birker who was like the ghost of a former I reasurer mourning over depaited scenes for lum n vrr to return [A. laugh] the lion mern ber Iori at lia loo t rutilus like « the kevs oi the I ni suryafai oil and ssas not vtry hkiiy to see them much niartr ( V laugh ; lhelieasure =e inelnot io caie much to reply to their ittacks 'le ssould cinclu le bv saving with the lion ineiubei 1 ir Gumciacha th it the thanks ot the co intry ssere due to the treasurer tor the st itenicnt svhich he had laid before the Housi Mi GPLNDV sail severn lion members had gone so closely in their «pieches to the Treai-un r s st itemnit that he wo Id go as far lrom it as possible He woul 1 hosvever li ive to refer to some things m the lrea«uier s speech [The lion merni er heic unfolled a nesss,. iper ] HiecH VIRMAN said the lion nicmoer could not reter to any ness spacer report ol a debate in the present ses sion Mr GRLîïDi could not then rvroceeI svithout as he hal no other memorandum ( V I iu"h 3lr DALI bid i ver) fesv observations lo make He svould not attempt to follosv the various speakers who had ao well spoken Hie most important question svhich hid been alluded to v as that of lnmigntion It was Ins intention to oppo«e every attempt to -enew immigra tion Hie lemirks of the lion member Mr I inniss he viewed with interest He hil s ni that capitil had left the colony for want of pronei opportunities of employment lor it, and the same remark held good of labor lor svantol proper imDloyment labor svent assay le spend nimey for the purposes ot linmigiation ssould be i ssaste of mone) unless the lmimgrents remaining in the colony could be ensured He thought the laboring ela ses li id i mor ii right to g > to the Governi lent which bought them out and ask lor «Oikwheu they svere cut of employment \ arions petitious had been «cut into the House on the «ub jeet there svas a peculiarity abo t them m hi« estimation for nistauce the lion mernbei 3Ii Sutheilind said i petition which he presented svas signed by a numbei ol o Miers anl occupiers of land it senncd p cub ir tint they slnuld a«! foi l ooo minera the argument ss is too foolish to notice He ippns ed generally of the I-stimatea somcdctul« ho sever he should feel it his duty to oppose Vnother subject he would allu le to w is that of taxa ion 1 o quote the vsoids of the hon memoer Mr leicock he s/oul 1 lave like I the i reasurer to have taken the bull by the h >rn« and idopt a more direct system of taxation it ssould base nlea«ed the country It ss is however «o late in the afternoon that he would not go on longei but vsou'd ¡igiin repeat, his dtfteiiuinatioii to oppose any itteinpt to recommence nunn griuoi Mr DL\N said a» many lion membeis li id left the Hou«e he ssould ino < the adjournment of the lebate HiclKI VSLKI 1 thought as it w is only half past 4 they might yo on for i h ilf an ho ir Io ger Mr MIINE thougur the debate svould not be nearly finished 11 li ill in houi Hie qu°stion bung put ssas carried and the Hou«e rtsuiued the CUVILMVN reported progress and aski 1 have tisit i'ai ti the lollossing luesda) Mr DLII H LD thought tiny might sit again the next das is the it svas no partnulai business on the notice paper Hit I Rl \'»URI R «aid the discus«i m of the steam postal «eivice svas an mpoitant «ubtect winch would occupy their attention on Wcdnes laj Hie motion to ¡uljouru the elcbate lill tuesday ssas then carried LVPSLD NOHCr OI 3IOIION Mr "sVNlO in the ibsenceot Mi Bigot lequested that No 1 notice ot mo ion standing in the mine ot that hon member be postponed till W clnesdaj Ag eed ^DJOUR\3IL\l HielRl 4.SLRI R -ni Hut on Wednesday ha should projabiy prowse an adiouin ¡lent ol the House until the tollosvnig luisJaj lhursdi) being a public holiday DI sPAlCH Ol BLS1NLSS Mr A PIA Hlwishe! bilore the House adjourned to ni iar« that it svis nearly a monta since the Government had laid any L li before the House he hoped it svould not be long lefore they brought one lorsvird ADJOURNMENT TheIIousoaljo.il ned at 27 mini tes to 5 until half past 1 o clock on Wedni=d ly 