THE YELVERTON CASE. WE talcs tba following noteB and inoldents of this oase from the Xíü»rpo0r.ál6íon i'- ll is stated in several of the Dublin papen that this extraordinary can», altbongh virtually settled hy the verdict given in Dublin, will occupy the Gauri of Ses- sion in Scotland early next summer. List week the London street criers were hawking about, Soo-i-oide of the Honorable Major Yelverton." Tho London correspondent of the Manchester Guar- dian states that the London Lawyers oonsider the ver- dict is directly in the teeth of the evidenoe on the point of Major Yelverton^ religious profession, and could not be sustained for a moment on a motion for a new trial. Ism informed that Major Yelvoiton's name will be struck out of the list of members of the Junior United Service Club.-London correspondence of the Manchee ter Guardian. The Irish pipers have found a telling rejoinder to ? the M«j jr's requirement of " gentle blood," as ons con- stituent of a "lady," in the history of tbs Avonmore family-whose honours were purchased at no very re. mote period by the servioes of tbe well-known Barry Yelverton, whose father was a butoher, and who ia bald to have married his cook, as is the wont of distinguished lawyers. It is stated that the real reason why Miss Longworth went to Galala was respeot for the memory of a gallant French officer, to whom she had formed an attachment in tba interval between ber flrat introduction to Major Yelverton, tn 18S9, and her going to Galala in 1800. This officer died, or was billed, in the Crimean war, and it «ras sympathy f r tho servios ha belonged to, and de- votion to his memory, which led her to join the Frenoh Sisters of Charity as a nurss at the hospital at G.ilota. The Horning Newt, describing the scene before and after the dolivery of the verdict, says : " At fourteen minutes pist six the door of the jury box was seen to open, and the cry ran through the court, ' Here they are I' It waa even so. Oh, how every newt thrilled. All the excitement of dsys was inten- sified and concentrated into that one moment. Tbe judge was railed from his chamber. lu tbe box over- head, on thejrlght of the benob, sst Mrs. Yvlverton's aunt, next to whom sat Major Yelvertor/j unole, wbo has all through declared and manifested the warmest and most affdoiionate sympathy for Mrs. Yelverton, and his belief in ber heroio virtue. Next to thi- gentleman was seated Mrs. Yelverton's relative, Count Louis do Pronisy. And the injured wife,-abe, the most deeply and terri- bly to be affected of alt by tho words just about being spoken-wbere was »he? In tho adjoining room she bad been awaiting, with wbat agony of mind God alone may know, the momont that bad now arrived. Sbe heard the call tbat summoned the judge to receive tbe verdict. She fell on her knees, with bands clasped up- wards to heaven in prayer I 'Courage I courage I' said her frier d', who ran over. * Courage-fur God's sake, be oalm now.' ' God will not desert me,' was her answer. Snddeu'y-sn explosion-a deafening roar-ten thou- sand peals of thunder-what is lt-what is it a wild, road cry of joy bursts through the pasäage. Great God I Thy jostlce is minifestod-tbe right has triamph«*, and all is over I To say that words are weak to describe the soene is only to repeat an often used figure of speech. Those only who saw it will ever form an adequate idea of it. When the judge entered, the whole audience rose, and, amidst a silence io whiob breath was held, be questioned tbe jury : ' How say yon, gentlemen-do you Sod thwe was a legal Scotch marriage V ' ' We do, my lord.' ' How say ycu, gentlemen-waa there a legal Irish marriage ?' * YOB, my lord.' ' Then do you nod Mrj ir Yelverton was a dtholio on the latter occasion ?' . Yer, roy lord.' When tbe Brat answer was given, there was not a word uttered by tre audience. But tbe moment the Irish marriage was dealared valid, and a jury mainly oomposed of Pro- testants-to their eternal honour be it spoken-had tbas shown t'-eir abhorrence of an infamous penal law, there arose a shout whioh rent the air. Again, again, again for fa'Iy a quarter of an hour it- ' lasted-a scene of frantio rejoioiog. At the first word of tho jar/, the aunt of Mrs. Yelverton burst into tears, while at tbe Bama moment, amidst the wild cheering of the spectators, her hand was grasped and warmly wrung by tbe Hon. Mr. Yelverton, sen. She bad to como forward to the front of the box, and for several minutes aeknow. ledge the greeting that hailed her from all sides-waving of handkerchiefs and hats, ÄW. I nover saw auoh happi- ness beam through a face overflowing with tears. Cheers now rosa for Whiteside, for tha Obief JuBticp, for Ser- geant Sullivan, and for the Jory. And here occurred au incident whioh deserves to be hended down and perpe- tuated by letters of gold. The jury, being a special jury, were duly handed up the foes bound to be paid in all auoh cases by the aida for whom the verdict is given. ' No, no,' was the answer, as the bank notes were handed back ; ' not one farthing will we accept: Ia this aase, ss Irishmen and men, we givo our services freely and with pleasure. Wo decline to touoh these fees.' Honour to these men I They have in a memorable oase conferred honour on the naroo of Ireland." Her opinions on matrimony are communicated io the following letter to Major Yelverton : "I will give you a case in point of my recent experience of a really kind- hearted worthy man, conceiving himself attached, at tba same time positively disproving nearly every point in my charaoter, yet sincerely believing that after marriage he could metamorphose ms into a rather Billy, very ignorant, amiable country-made person-that was his beau ideal; be did not approve of women travel- ling, thought it spoiled them, Se». Now, if I bad given him a ohanoe, trying his falsa system, he would have gone med-there could bave been no other termination to such a menage. Now, don't you think it a great act bf philanthropy on my part to have saved him from snoh a calamity? Well, then, contracting parties imagine they are all at orca going to find an Elsyium I Pas du (out, it is quito a mistake. Everything whioh before formed their amusement and occupation ia cast on one.' side ; there can exist in the - mighty world 1 to them but one - '- object of interest. Ia if, then, to be a matter of surprise they should be weary of it, however gooi ? They imagine they have each been so clever as to fiad a perfect indiri dual ¡ yet, if we axe to bellete ** the j ast men fella save times . day," anything approaching perfection mart be delusion-disappointment. Economy, which ia ooo < the great principles of Ufa-economy of the affections j never dreamed of. The affection whian, ought to exten O'er BO many jeers is exbaasted in so many months satiety' follow*. Perdrix toujours perdrix, as that ol ainner Louis XV. remarked, would soon loee their ej cellenoe, and, aa ? rale, oter indulgence in anything a bad. I ahonld apeedily write a roíame on thia topic however, when you msrry t hope you will give m, theory a fur trial ; and if it succeed-, you will hare some thing to remember ol me. I think it a great pity on cannot go on trial with thia as with other things-it i anon. a formidable affair for life. X for one am a grea coward." In another letter to the Major abe «aid: " Caro arno,-Arra woke me thia morning by insertini your letter under my pillow. How X longed that thi apiritnal essence of persons contained in a letter eonld on opening, be reproduced into eorporeal development I am getting very material, and enjoy solid and aub. atañer. I have only eight days to weit, bat every hom seems an age. I never did feel ia such a queer state. I cannot curb my impatience and reek, lesaneaa. Nothing csa dis ti sot my attention ; even my finger-ends tingle to tonoh you. It ia very absurd, is it not? But lime and I can't help it. Your plan of send- ing me oft* to Abergaveooy ta remain two or tbree montb.fi would have been nothing ahort of aetual fiend, ism. All that baa ever been written about the pain of separation is quite tams compared with the reality. Tim«, when I pu« lt with thy sweetness, Fllss Ilks tba coarser to th» goal ; Whers, alas ! will ba its fleetness When thoa art parted from my soul. Hrs. M'Lean ia very mild indeed. Sommer flowers enclosed in sunless bowers pined in delicious tran- quillity in comparison as I pina for tbee slavery sense of sont and body pine every instant of the loog day. From I the top of the head downward ia one absorbing desire. Every shining bair longa individually to be stroked. I The eyea yearn to see you ; the ears sure distended to catch the first Bound ef your voice or footfall; the hands I throb and tingle to touch yon and feel you once more safe within their grasp. So on I could enumerate ; but I oome to the little feet which are kiobing and stamping to have their boots laced. I want you I want you I I want yon til As to there being any condition] about the arrears of petting, I am eraxy. I must bare or I sball hate you. The Bed Sea between ns ia an impossibility. I would rather be a boy flower. My band and arm have been in a shocking atate, but ia mending, and inflamma- tion gone, but I ean scarcely write, aa you perceive. The Kiflaa are quartered hera. The sae here is the doctor. Do not know if he goes to tbe dub ; but we have not seen anything ot bim here, so do not think there is much danger. Write and say what hour you will arrive. I I must meet. I see you can only leave Liverpool on the IStb, st night. That will make yon a dsy lste. You might leave on the 19th ; but I suppose you won't. You stingy tbinp, eay I am to have the arrears then, oento mille acoia mita vota, mia gioia, mia tUtte: but not without the nnnipnf. T.» ma. ! .. THBHESA. j " Monday." At one time she contemplated euiolde : " I eau only feel one overpowering anxiety to iee yon. I felt that onoe before, when my best-loved brother was drowned, and when they ooald not And the body I lost my senses; if I coold have seen bim I should h «vt suffered les«. I am on board my old friend the Sybilla, and every time I tell myself that I am not to write to you, never to see you again, I approach instinotivi ly the gangway, and cornea a swimming in the bead, and a violent impulse, as though'some mighty foroe were im- pelling me to go overheard. * * I am a weak, help- less women, and dod knows I have done my best not to yield, neither bave I forgotten to ask for strength from whence alone it comes. . . If I go back to Belbeck 1 feel that I shall walk mechanically down that green well. God help me ? I wonder if it would be s sin. No one would ever know what bad become cf mc to the end of time. It is deep and disused. You muai come, and that qaiokly, or write and tey when. You are the only one in the world who has any influenae over me. Perhaps you can bring me back my scatterer! senses. I am quite terrified of becoming delirious, anti telling every one all about it. Before the Closes lound me out at Belbeck, I used to get ap of a night, and could not by any effort prevent myself talking out loud. . * lt is dreadful to confess myself such a child, but it it true.* Mr. J. Juker, a friend of the late Professor Forbes, in a letter to the Dublin Freeman, puts an end to carora] false rnmours relative to the widow, now Mojot Yelverton's second wife: "It appears tbat Forbes married in 1848, - Emily Marianne Ashworth, daughter of tho late General Sir Chorlea Ashworth, who was eutitled ondor her fathers will to half the income which Bbe now enjoys, and the other half will come to her on the death of her mother, Lady Ashworth, As Forbes's in- come was mainly derived from his soimy pay on the Geographical Survey, her'friendr, very wisely, made it a preliminary to their consent to the marriage that he should insure bis lifo for £3000, which very Btortly after his marriage was raised to £4000. Professor Forbes died io 1801, leaving the half of hi9 widow's Ashworth property and the £1000 stoired to bia son and daughter on their mother's death. During bis illness Mrp. Forbes exhi i ed tbe greatest sympathy for ber husband. In 1858 Mr. Jukes received a letter from Mrs. Forbes, say-. inn she wa« going to maka a fool of herself by marrying M jor Yi Nerton, and aojiog :-" Now I hope you and Mrc Juki s will not bato me for ir, btt I cannot live klone, and it does not at all follow, that booaUBe the pre- sent is unbearable, the past ii forgotten. I b»vo not bad the courage to tell a sod pxcept my own family ; but I must tell yon. ... It is to be veiy soon ; this month. There is no use in dawdling; I am afraid of myself and there is nothing to wait for, so it is to ba soon, and very quiet-no fuss, and no finery ; jost his brother and mine, and his father and my mother. . . How tba people will abase met I dread it. Afterwards ehe consumed to the marriage tatting place earl er than she had intended, because her brother waa going abroad. She also was ' afraid of berBolf,' and tbat if Bbe had long to do.iberate, she might retraot her consent, and thus ogiin condemn herself to the solitude of a home haunted »ith sad memories. On the 20th June, 18S8, three years and seven months after Professor Forbea's death, Bho married Yelverton. No intimation WIB ever given to her by any one that any woman chimed to be the lawful wife of M «jor Y. until Jone 30th, {four days after the marriage,) when M<jor Y, was informed from Dean ltamsay, wfco had married him and MrB. Forbes, that a Roman Catholic clergyman had waited upon bim and shown him the Ber. Father Mooney's certificate. No allegation of a Sootoh marriage bad then been made. Major Yelverton and bis wife's brother prooeeded to Ire- land to invoitlgnte the alleged marriage, and the latter returned with a legal opinion that the marriage waa null and void. M jor Yelverton and bis wife Iben proceeded together on a visit to Lord and Lsdy Avonmore." The London correspondent of the Liverpool Albion writes as follows :-It ls rather significant that ia that manual of mother-in-law, Burke't Peeraffe, for the pre- sent year, a pregnant volume wherein tba gallant Sir Bernard, himself an Irishman, and Ulster King at Arms, sets forth with excruciating citoumstantiality the birth, parentage, and baptismal consanguineous and connubial , particulars of the thirty-first cousin of every created , thing on two legs in these islos that happens to bave a : handle lo his her or its name, there isn't a word about j the wife of the major, further than that there is a wife ; : a most indefinite article, and by no means a proper noun i substantive, and therefore open to an adjeotive whioh ? the verdict of Monday next may supply in a form it , would be premature to mention to ears polite at the pre- , sent moment. Burke merely says that Lord Avonmore, now in bis 71st year, married a Miss Booth, of White haveD, in 1811, and had by her two sons, both dead, and three daughters ; and that in 1832 < he married Cecilia, daughter of Charlea , O Keefie, an Irish Chancery Registrar, by whom he has bad seven ohildren, of the eldest of whom, the Juanes que hero of the Dublin trial, this is the entry, namely: " William Charles Berry Yelverton, born September 37, 1834 ; Major, Boyal Artillery ; is married.'' Name of spouse not given, whether she was maid, wife, or widow, or the CarisBima of any Caro Carlo mio. No mention either of the two little Yelvertons, of whoBe existence the public was apprised for the first time a couple of days , ago, to the disgust, of Whiteside, who, most Whitesidaicly, cried oat, *? it mattered not if the defendant bad as many ohildren as King Priam." Why King Priam f " What's Hecuba to him, or be to , Hecuba V as Hamlet says of tho player who howls about Mrs. Priam. What indeed 1 Who but Whits- , aide would import snob, schoolboy fustian into snob, a ease at such a time f The wonder is that he didn't drag in the " curtain at the dead of night," aad Pyrrhus, and the rest of the stereotyped puerility. Dod, though a mnoh inferior authority to Burke,-ia more minute, and tells us that the Major married in I8S8, the joangest daughter of the late Mejor-Qeneral Sir Charles Ashworth, K.C.B., and rellot of Professor Edward Forbes, F.R.S. Some astonishment has been excited at the impudence ot Yelverton in saying that the IOBS of a lady's virtus ia greatly aggravated if she be of " gentle blood," implying that the victim io his case had no great deal to complain of, since ber sire was only a Cheshire ailk-spinner ;-a reflection that shontd considerably afflict that Hidalga whig of putative pur sang."" Laos» downe, aeeing that the noble Marquis had a wool- eoraber for a cotty grandfather, and that several other eoronetted personages whom O'Connell called " blanket lord»," linsey-wolsty and ñjecy-bosiery dealers-coma nnder the same category. It seems to be assumed that the respectability of the Yelvertons dates from the ale ration to the Irish peerage of that Chief Baron of the Exchequer, Barry Yelverton, so honourably known in connection with Carran, though lesa creditably oon spiouous afterwards in regard to tbe Union, for bis share in wbiot, he waa made Viscount Avonmore, in tba oounty of Cork, though tba family seat is Belle- Isle, io Tipperary. Bat thia is a mistake. The Yelverton',! are one of the oldest anennobled families amongst us, though never affluent; and among tbe olose connexions of the present defendant are members of tbe aristocratic houses of lord Clanmorris and Lady Grey de Rut'yo, a baroness in her own right, and mother of Lord Hast- ings, who is nearly allied to tbe Duka of Leinster. It was in allusion to the ancient eminence of his race that the first Lord Avonmore, grandfather of the copi dioous but non-Cupidioal Major, adopted os bia motto Renaseentur-"They will rise again;" a sentiment whioh the ghost of the ambitious individual who hit upon it must regard ss reoeiring a very ambiguous in- terpretation from him who will shortly be tba next bolder of the tilla. It is worth note, perhaps,that among the Artillery Major's connections are many minor canons, reotors, vicars, and the like; and as one thinks of these men of grace and then of this eotpo grace, there is recoiled tbs Dean of St. Patriok'a sarcasm " making good the saying odd, near the church, and far from God." 