EUROPEAN'' EXTRAGTS. i "?i0 Alaca; its Introduction into Aus tralin, and tho Probabilities of its Acolimation there,o was the subject of an interesting ,pnpor, by Mr. Georgo Ledger, read at the last meeting of the Society of Arts. The author began by giving a description of the nlpaca, the llaUnl, and other anlimals of a i similar kind, natives of South America. Thoe llama was much used in Peru as a beast of llburdon, and its wool was emllployed in the mnanuithotur of cordago, carpets, beds, cover i'ts, &o.; The alpaca was of a smnallor size, iatind its wool was remnarlably soft ltand beIuti ful. It appeared thate, even in the 1(th con tuiryi anpd irnobably earlier, the Peruvians em ployed it in the production of textures of nmuch delicacy nnd beauty. Notwithstanding the remankable quality of the talpaca wool, it was long before the value was appreciated in iEurope. Accoiding to the best authorities ithe first tprsonl who produced a mnlarketabllo )falbric in England was Mr. Benjlamin Outrlnl, ';in 1830, of Greetlandl near IIolithx. His Sfabics were, however destituto of the poonliar ;gloss and beauty which distinguished the alpaca tibrics of litter times, and lafter ia alort i per'iod the hmainuflicturo was albandoined. M'r. ,1 Titus Salt was the fislt who really overcamen Sthe difficulty of reparl'illg Iand spinning this wool, anld thie fbrics matld fromi it were now ;woll know articles of commerc. Statistics showed that the quantity imported haid gone on steadily increasilg ilup to about ?,500,000 lb. Inst year. The aullthor expressed his opinion that this suplllly would be h ardly maintained Sunless it better system of conducting the trade in South America was introduced. Having touched upon some other animals of a similar kind, he proceeded to describe the efforts manne by his brother, MIr. Charles Ledger, to 'introduce the alpaca, and the success which ,attended them. H Ie appeared to have been exposed to many great difliclties and dangers in getting the animals out of Peru, the govern Sment then absolutely prohibiting their expor tation. The plan he adopted was to have the flocks, which numbered about 270, driven first into the Argentino Confederation, and thence into Chili, from whence they were shipped to Sydney. Numerous extracts were given fromi the letters and reports of Miir. Charles Ledger, tending to show that the naimals thrived well and increased in numbers ; that the grass fiund in Australia ,,was suited for their food ; and that the alpaca might now be regarded as an Australian animal. In attempting to estimate the probable results to our colonies of the intro ) 'duction of the alpaca, the author drew attention to the benefit they had originally derived from the introduction of sheoop, which had so enormously increased in numbers. In conclusion he gave tan estimate of the probable increase of the alpaca in A'Australia during the next lifty years, and pointed out how largely the commerce of the colony, and indeed the whole world, would thus be benefited. We stated before that the case " Paterson v. Bonaparto " had came before the Tribunal ' of First Instance at Paris on January 25. T he point of this case was, whether .Miss Paterson's muarriage with -the late Prince Jerome Bonaparte was legal or not, The ' arguments on both sides were of greoat length. AI. Berryer, advocate for the plaintiff, denied that the marriage, as alleged, was clandestine ., '. l {-wul otf l'uenslandl; tCer-e to be for''uas latest papers from that colony inform i Sir Georgo Blowen, without any par reason that we can observe, had resol exercise his power tat once, and was ab add to the present house of nominees S ber of life members. No doubt the squatter influence in Queensland has noted this attempt to erect an ilnp ibarrier against the establishmuent elective principle in the Upper HIous suffrage is not in existence in Queer but only a limited franchise for the Asse this is a notable example of what in done whenever an op)portunity offers. The responsible ministers of Ncew Wales, however, are enabled to take S highs position on this qeuotion. 1: allowned the present nominees "thei fling," the old proverb-" give him enough nnd he'll han himsesll" has striking'ly illustrated. 'he whole count; long doalared that the nominees were r marriage, even in America, was doubtful ; but it rested mainly on the fact that the question submitted for consideration had been already decided by a competent tribunal. This last ground was the ground on which the judg ment (delivered on Feibruary 10) proceeded. A family council aununoned by the presrent emperor in the year 1850, and another in 1860, had already nega"tived the plaintiff's claim; and it was ruled that that decision was binding. The court ordiered that mention s3hould be made of the present judgolent in' the margin of t.ei deed of the 19th of July, 1860, containinfi the declaration of the accept ance, under benefit of inventory, by Jerome Bonaparte, one of the plaintiflM, of the succes sion of Prince Jerome. It further condemned the plaintifls to pay the costs. 111\. Scribe, the veteran eminent dramatist, died at two o'clock on tile afternoon of February 10 of an apoplectic stroke, with lhichi he was seized while taking an airing in his carriage. The successful immersion and good working order of the new line of telegraph between Corfil and Otranto is announced. The Photographic News is responsible for the following :-"A certain small photograph, about the size of our visiting cards, of which strange tales taro told, is now selling in large iiumbers all over Italy. It is the portrait of an Italian soldier, who having attempted thle life'of the Icing was cruelly executed. For some time previous to his downfill it is said that this photograph, like Banquo's ghost, haunted the tyrant, Mysteriously enough, and in defiance of all precautions, it is said to have miet his eyes at all hours andt in all places, until there seemed something super ntttural. and ominous in its over recurringR po sence. When he knelt before the virgin's shrine in his morning' orisons, there about the nbok of the image, hung this photograph. •When he 'attended mass and opened his missal, there was the soldier's portrait. At dinner iWhen he unfolded his napkin, out fell this identical photograph, and when it night lib tretired to rest, within the well-guarded sainctuary of his slumbers, there, lait boldly upon the very pillow of his couch, lie found thiis picture-this strainge production of an art which he had banished friiom his crime and terror haunted dominions. A Gari'aldino, whom we have just welcomed back from his generous and dangerous labours in behalf of an enslaved country showed us the portrait, and said it was thought in Italy that the Icing's singular flight from an enemy quite unable to compete with his well-organised and far more numerous forces was to some extent attributable to the state of bewilder ment and terror brouglht about by these un accountable incidents. A case of' deliberate fraud, carried on for yeliars with groat pertinacity, has just been discovered in the Comnmercial Bank of London. Jolin Durden, a ledger-kceeper, has robbed the bank of nearly £70,000. IIoe has been arrested, and, together with an alleged ac complico, James H-olcroft, a shoe dealer in Hatton-garden, is now in custody. Durden was a ledger-clerk, and it was his duty to enter in his ledger the amount of deposits made by customers. HIolcroft was a nominal customer of the bank, having a very paltry account in reality, but which had been swelled to an enormous amount by fictitious entries made to his credit by Durden, who afterwards used Ilolcroft's cheques upon this imaginary account to effect the embezzlements with which tlhe prisoners are chargled. This firaud was effeoted by Durden in the following man ner :---Io received the amount of £150, for exa?eiple, and entered it to the account of Messrs. Hamilton and Co.; he at the same time entered the same anmount to Holeroft's account. This was done with a largeo num ber of deposits friom day to day, I-oleroft's figures being' omitted in the casting up, so that there did not appear any discrepancies in the sum total. That this plan should suc ceed, it was necessary that Durden should never be absent; and although it was a rule that the clerks should take a yearly holiday, Durden took none, Durden entered into building speculations, anld, it is surmised, intended to refund ; but intense anxiety and failure brought on paralysis, this compelled absence, nd absenco led to discovery, loe excuse r Holcroft is, that ho believed Dur den to b a n of the hi'ghest integrity, and allowed i to "operate" on his account; but th Bow-street inagistrate would not ad mit this as a defence. As soon as the bank directors discovered the fraud, they promptly transfrred their business to the London und Westmister Bank, and so avoided the perils of ai " run.'" On th 28th January an nccident of an lring chacter, resulting in the death of One snger and frightful injuries to others, octrd on the ndon and South Western ailway between the Wimbledon and Malden statios. One of the evening trains from Wtrloo-ridg station had just passed V imbldn who th tender and four carriages suddenly ie oth line and went down the e ament, which is there about nino lest igh. T carrig'es of course were a, com lt wrec, thi )ppeor parts being' knockled o ti wheels, and one dompletely upset. Assistance having been proeuredt the passengers, whosoe shrieks and consternation wore most harrowing, wore attended to,, and upon one of the carriages being removed the body of a gentleman was discovered underneath. Many of the passengers woere found to be very seriously injured. [The gentleman who was killed by the above accident was Dr. Baly, physician extraordinary to the Queen. Dr. Baly was in the priame of life, only forty- oight years of age; ho had early attained a hig lh posi tion, and won the love and esteoom of his pro fessional brethren. When he was killed he waee trlavlling to Guildford to attend a con sultation. - An inquest on the case was opened on January 31. Captain Mangles, chairman of the company, Mr. Dalrymple, on its behalf, and Mr. Bedford, coroner for Westminster, on boehalf of the relatives of Dr. a Baly, were present. Mr. Bedford applied at n onac for an adijounment, he wanted time ; but o after an altercation, Coroner. Carter would not it grant it, and Mr. Bedford was accused of coming there to prejudice the jury. Dr. DBaly's body was identified. Dr. Chapman, of Tooting, described the injuries received by I the deceased-fractulre of the skull, fracture ii of the cheole bone and jaw, fi.raoturo of all the 1 ribs, chest crushed in, and contusions all over s the body. Death must have been , instantaneous. Mr. lohler describod the finding of the body under a carriage, lying across the "six-foot," between the two lines of rails. 1)r. Wsld, a psvwnuiu'r in the sonie carriago with Dr. Ialy, also gave evidence. 'lhere was a complaint that the secretary of he lineo had set on fbot the idea that Dr. taly had tried to jump out of the carriage, an idea refuted by 1)r. Wyld, and npIoloo ied for by the company's solicitor. After taking 1)r. Wyld's evidence, the inquiry was ad journed for eight days. It has since been twice resumed and is again adjourned.] At Norwich Castle, on January 2.?, James Bloomfield h]uslh-son of the murderer Itlsh, whose terrible deeds attracted ?such general interest twelve years sinCe-was charged with breaking into the house of Mr. annell, of Cringleford, and stealing ar quantity of children's dresses and miscellaneous articles of the collective value of £:C. The case against the prisoner was a very simple one, the property, which was identified by Mr. Cannell and his wife, having been found in the house occupied by the prisoner, while a knife- blade, which was taken from his pocket when lie was apprehended, corresponded with impressions observed on some drawers wlhich had been tampered with, though not broken open. The prisoner, who, by the advice of his professional adviser, " reserved his defence," was comnnitted for trial. The presiding magistrate, however, admitted him to bail-himself in £100, and two sureties of £50 each. Htor.LA?ND.-" The King of the Nethe'r lands and Prince IH-enry," said a letter from the llague, of January 05, "have left the capital to personally inspect those portions of the kingdom now inundated. In the town of Ifurgozenburch alone 7000 villngers from the surrounding districts have taken refuge. Benevolence has been most actively shown, not only in Iolland but in foreign countries, and especially in the neighblouring country of Belgium, whence thousands of gulden have been sent for the relief of the distressed. The danger is not yet past, but although a thaw has set in the water diminishes." The inun dations consequent upon the thaw caused a terrilic amount of damage and suffering. " As the ice breaks uip," says a recent letter fiom Amsterdam, " notwithstanding that the thaw is gradual and unaccompanied with heavy gales, the waters collect in the upper localities of the country, and overflowing the dykes, lay villages and towns under water, causing great loss of property and human life. The small German frontier town of Emmierich is six feet under water; Arnheim is impassable from the flood which permeates its streets. More than fifty villages are totally submerged, and thousands of families have been obliged to leave their homes to seek a houseless shelter in the higher districts. It is feared thant this city may yet become the prey of the invading element. The con sternation is great, while the prospect of the danger increases with the arrival of every telegram and train. For some days a con siderable portion of the Dutch Rhenish IRail way has been under water, and the rails displaced, so that communoication with Germany as become anlmost impossible. It would really seem as if old Neptune had turned annexationist, and had commissioned his tributary streams to flow over the domain wrested from him by the industry of man, and re-connect it with the ocean firom which it was stolen. " wrested ih'om im by the inQus'try 0oi man, an re-connect it with the ocean from which it was stolen." NEnlERLANDS INDIA -The mail steamer brings us acconmits of very great floods hav ing taken place in Java, produoing calamities only inferior to those of which we have just received intelligence from Hiolland, and, in deed, in one sense greater, as there seems to have been more loss of life. In the residencies of Sorakarta, Djolkjoksrta, Kadu, Bngelan and Banyumnas, floods have taken placo whichl have inflicted immense damage. Hundreds of persons have lost tlheir lives and many thousands have been ruined. Earth slips have also taken place in many places, which have destroyed wholo triota of coun try. Several villages have been completely submerged, and the roads have been every where rendered impassable. The telegraphic communication had been interrupted, so that full particulars of this calamity had not been received, but it is known that the destruction of houses, crops, stores of all kinds, roads, &c.;, has been such that many millions will not compensate for it. The government has despatched Mr. van der Wyck, a member of the Supreme Council, to the scene of disaster, and placed 800,0001. at his disposal Thio commercial community of Batavia had ahlready subscribed 50,000f., and subscriptions are to be collected all over Netherlands India. Mr. Smith O'Brien recently published in the shape of a pamphlet, a long' correspond enco which has passed between him and Mr. Jolhn Martin, "relative to a French invasion of Ireland." Mr. Martin lihad written a sort of manifosto to "the people " in favour of French intervention, as their only hope of " deliverance from England." Mr. O'Brion disputes that doctrine, by historical parallels, insisting that until Irishmen are able to " achieve their independence " by " theim solves alone," they need not look for " free dom." Among other things, Mr, O'Brion is concerned to show that Mao Mahon, who is proposed as tho commander of the French army, lihas no title to be adopted by tlhe nationalists as their leader and future monarch, Besides being a servant of the ! Emperor Napoleon (of whom, by the way, Mr. O'Brien writes very bitterly, using the term " usurper ' freely), Mao Mahon is not of the gennuinoe stock. On the whole, Mr, tJ'Jlr'en comes to tio coneston tait teO rnh invsin scheome would not do. Tliho Sninr and French have, as he lines learnt, tried th en thing' before, and with" mani fet ill-success; it is not to be hoped for, ns a rtity, that tho Frenchileet will be able to destroy th English fent; if Marshal Mc Mlion shl geot.over to Ireland, it will no b so plesat in practice na in theory to v a French rmy-" tlhe more numerous t etter"-living at free quarters in tihe country. Moreover, Mr. O'Brien does not qito lik th ppearance of the 300,000 volnteers w , sa he admits, such a con tingncy s n sion of Irelnud would im iditly cll into being; and hdie 150,000 English sailo ris to his imagination as very unplsnt enemies to have to deal with, both for himself nd his allies. A letter froa Franklifort of the 19th of Febrry eys :-"To day before yesterday i Engis Iiy, who had resided at hIomburg for so tim, nd lid been a constnnt avisitor to t gambling saloons, where by derees she d lost almost nall her property, left t town and went to the village of Kirdof, c t hre miles distant. She scendd t tower of the neow church there, nd, liing fit tied hoer logs tocether, throw herself from the tower to the earth, a distancc of about 100 feet. When picked up she was still living, but was conveyed to the hospital ait omburg in an exceedingly deplorable condition." On Saturday Lord Iendleshaim (Frederick W\Tilli:am Brook Thellusson) attained his l?ajority, which was gaily celebrated. On that day the curtain fell for ever on the splendid T'lhellusson case in the Court of Chancery; the romance of more than a hundred years culminated in the complete happiness of the hero, eand concluded with all the festival anrt rejoicing which befit the last chapter of the thrilling story. -- Suffolk Gazette. At the Crystal palace station, a few days ago an accident occurred, which caused the death of two persons. A woman was crossing the rails, as a train approached. One of the porters at the station sprang forward Ofr the purpose of rescuing her; but he was a moment too late. Both he and the woman were killed on the spot. Eight men, the other day, were engaged in the dockyard at Sheerness, on an elevated platform, in turningi a crane for lifting a boiler weighing twenty-eight tons. The platform iroke. Two of the men were killed on the spot, one has since died, the remainder were more or less injured. Cause of the accident: the " bracket," on which. fell the greatest strain, was faulty, anld it broke. A jury found a verdictof "Accidental death," biut they also found that the''" traveller" was not strong enough, and there was not sufficient control over its working. " Mr. Cobden," says the ':im'es, "is one of the very, very long' series of men who, with immense powers and the most generous instincts, have shown that they cannot do everything, and that this is a world of com pensations. The drawback in his nature is that he cannot take care of himself. The Freo-traders who so cheerfully collected •£70,000 to set up their hero in affluence and dignity might as well have presented that sum to a susceptible young lady of twenty, to a poet, to a young gentleman deep in medimval architecturoe, or another 'impulsive' and helpless person. It is now an old story, but Mr. Cobden invested tho better part of this money in American railways, chiefly, we believe,- in the Illinois Central; and the result shows that he had much bettor have dropped every sovereign into the Atlantic. It would have cost much less, and saved much anxiety. The investment was one that entailed further sacrifices, and, of course, further losses. Two or three years ago a more select body of admirers gathered £40,000 to get Mr. Cobden out of the scrape ; but even that, it is said, has proved insufficient, and now the hat once more goes round to collect a testi monial ostensibly on account of the French treaty, but really because the money is. wanted. Since that is really the case every body who cares for the dignity of his nation and the merits of a great cause will wish to see the want supplied." [The article from which the above is extracted appeared a short timno ago and gave rise to a good deal of conm ment. The friends of Mr. Cobden were naturally indignant at the liberty taken by the leading journal of discussing a project to which they had themselves given no publicity. Not only this, but the particulars stated by thie Times .regarding the Illinois Contral Railway shares were grossly exaggerated. IThe Times went the length ot publishing' the circular of the committee which proposed the raising of the testimonial. The upshot has been that Mr. Cobden declines the benevolent offer of his friends. In a letter addressed to Mr. R. Dalglish, M.P., from Algiers, where Mr. Cobden is still living, he says :-" The newspapers which have just reached me con tain a circular issued by a committeoo in Glasgow, bearing your signature, as a convenor, inviting subscriptions to a testi monial fund in acknowledgment of my 'recent eminent services.' Whilst I appreciate most cordially the friendly motives which must have prompted the gentlemen whose names appear on the committee to take this step without my consent or knowledge, I must beg them to allow me very respectfully to decline their proffered kindness. I drew upon the Government for my expenses during the time I was in Paris, and have, therefore, incurred no pecuniairy sacrifice for which I am entitled to reimbursement. As for the services which I rondereod in connection with the treaty, they were 'a labour of love, for which it would be painful to me to accept compensation in any form, or from any quarter." As almost everybody is interested in the subject of tea, the following outline of a paper " On the Use of Tea in the Healthy System," road a oew evenings ngo by Dr. Edward Smith at a meeting of the Society of Arts, will be found to possess general intcrest. Dr. Smith begatr by stating the opinions brought forward by Professor Johnstone and other chemists on this subject; views which were still very generally held. Those mlight be summed up thus : that by the use of tea S- 1. The wasto of the body is lessened. 2. The body is nourished. 3. By lossening waste, we may lesson supply, and yet the bodily powers shall be duly sustained. I-I stated his reasons for differing from these statements, and explained the nature of the experiments which he had undertaken in order to ascertain the actual effect produced by tea. After discussing the subject at con siderable length, he gave the following as the slmnmary of his own conclusions :-" If there be an abundance of food in the system, and that especially of the farinaceous or fat kinds, tea is a powerful digestive agent, and by pro moting the transformation of food, it aids in nourishing the body; but with a deficiency of food in relation to the waste of the tissues by oxoertion, or the waste of heat by cold or by too profuse evaporation from the skin, it wastes the tissues of the body, and lowers the vital powers." Ito therefore considered that it was not suitable as a partial substitute for food, as was generally supposed, for it increased the waste of the body. It was not suitable for persons of spare habits, or while using exertion, nor was it adapted for men in low temperatures, or where the anotion of the skin was defective. 1.r., Spurgeon's now taboerlnclo is now very nearly finished. During, the Inst month the friends of the Reov. . H. Spurgeon, ns well as the roverend gentloman himself, havo been using every exertion to raise the sumn required for completing the building. The efforts made have been singularly successful, und by the 2Gth of March next the doors will be thrown open for divine worship, entirely free from debt and without cneumbrence, of any kind. It is estimated that above a mil lion persons hiave contributed towards rearing this gigantic edifice. The sum spent will have been £30,000. Already £38,000 has been raised, and thie remainiig £2000 there is every prosplect of obtaining'. The " last effort" is now being made. On the evening of February 4, a meeting was held in the tabernacle, at which there were about 4000 persons present, at which the [loi. A. Kin naird, M.P., presided. Theh honorable gentle man said he was truly halppy in testifying by his presence the heartfelt sympathy he had with DMr. Spurgeon in the completion of this great enterprise. AI?. Spurgeon said that when he first broached the idea of erecting a place of worship on so gigantic a scale it was pronounced as absurd; it might be a great idea, but at the said time it was a great absurdity, said many, who were now alive to see its completion. Several gentlemen ad dressed the meeting, after which a collection was imade, and the result of the last month's efforts showed that nearly £900 had been collected. Opening services by the different denominations, and a bazaar presided over by Mlrs. Spurgeon, will occupy the next month. The city authorities have at last taken mnore decided measures to check the sale of putrid meat. No less than 0090 lbs. of meat uniit for food have been seized in the course of one week by the market inspectors in the city 1 These were the carcases of sheep, oxen, and pigs. This is no novelty. It is a thing of weekly occurrence. The law seems to fail in dealing with it, and it is supposed that largo quantities of diseased meat are sold. One dealer has been fined £,10. He would not state who consigned the foul meat to him. A proceeding calculated to cool thie ardlour of young gentleomen who fill in love without leave took place a short time ago in the Court of Chancery at Dublin. Some short time iago, the public were entertained by an account of a romantic marriage, celebrated in Scotland, in whic a young lady and a young gentLeman from Ireland, a minor, were represented to have fled from the fangs of a judicial monster in the latter country, who had strictly for bidden the young Romeo from becoming united to his Juliet. It was stated that they had availed themselves of the happy freedom of the Scotch law, and after qualifying thesm selves by residence in that highly favoured land for a certain number of days, were publicly joined together in the bonds of wedlockl. The report was accompanied with warm congratulations of the young couple for their defiance of the cruel Irish Chancollor, and with fino moral reflections upon the superiority of the short and easy Scotch method of getting married, instead of being obliged to follow the clumsy and dilitory forms which prevail in Ireland. It appearls, however, that the felicity of the newly-wedded pair hans been already sadly interrupted. An attachment was issued from the Court of Chancery, by which they were compelled to I attend the other day in court, accompanied by certain friends. The judge, untouched by the recital of their tale of love, actually com mitted two of the abettors to the unromantic seclusion of the Four Courts Mtarshalsea, with -still more terrible penalty 1-peremptory injunctions that the young bridegrooom, who was consigned to the custody of a stern "guardian of the person," should not be allowed to hold any communication with his bride. 