NAPOLEONIC GOSSIP. , j THE London correspondent of the Liverpool Albion writes BS follows, in December 1st: Everybody knows of the intimacy that sub- sisted between Louis Napoleon, D'Orsay, and Mr. Disraeli, during the latter years of Lady Blessington's Gore House, regime. Among the schemes devised for the restoration of the Count to something like a status befitting his birth, [of the highest of the old noblesse of France], and worthy of his early social antecedents, one was thtt he should bacome secretary of embassy in London. To this end the captivating Countess addressed herself with infinite assiduity, and, considering ber influence among leading men of all parties in both ca- pitals, Wellington, Peel, and Melbourne, Guizot, Broglie, and Thiers, with what ought to have been success ; but it was not so. Oüe old familiar of hers whom she specially consulted, anda better counsellor in such a case there could not be, was Henry Bulwer, now in Constanti- nople, then in Puris, and skilled beyond most men in the subterranean science of working out Bach objects. All to no purpose. The osten- sible rearon of the refusal was D'Orsay's com- plicity in the Boulogne plot, it being currently -stated, among other things, that the Count raised the wind for the tame eagle and the sausages and the champagne of tho imperial in- vader ; and one report was that he had con- trived to divert to that purpose tho proceeds of those enormous exchequer-bill frauds of Beau- mont Smith, which owlish Monteagle did'nt find out, and should have been kicked out of his sino Jure for his blindness. Where the -money came from that bought the steamer and the expensive etceteras of tba' wild-goose venture is a mystery to this hour; but certainly D'Jrsay had nothing to do with it, nor with the enter- prise ituelf either. Writing to Bulwer begging him to contradict these rumours, she suv s that \- "Alfred was wholly ignorant of the intentions of Prince Louis. Indeed, had he sus- pected .- them he would have used every effort in his power to dissuade him from . their execution. Alfred, as well as T, entortain ! \- the sincerest regard for the Pi ince, with whom -for fourteon yearB wo have been on terms of in- timacy ; but of - his plans wo knew no mora . than he did. Alfred by no means wishes to ;, -' Conceal his attachment to the Prince, and still " less that/ any exculpation of himself should in ' any way reflect on him; bat who. so well as you, whose tact and delicacy are equal to your « go Dd nature, cort fulfil the servico ti Alfred that vre require?" Henry had tact and discretion, ? and good nature too ; and it required all these qualities to avoid tolling the Countess that sho herself was the real obstucle to the attainment of her wishes. It was his fatal association with t^her that blighted the close, as it had the dawn, \- of his life, when to follow her, he threw up his commission in the French army, when ordered to the war in Spain, under tho Due D'An go ti lemo ; thereby incurring tho odium ot eowardioc, and so rendering of no avail all his \- extraordinary mental cn towments, and the " antiquo beauty " and those corporeal gifts of all kinds of which Emile Girardin spoke on tho occasion of the funeral at Ghambourg, seat of D'Ors ty's brother-in-law, the present French ambassador, in Borne, Count da Grummont, -near S\ Germains. Sir Henry said that Alfred had all qualifications for the cffi ;e sought, but of course did not mention the ono disqualifica- tion, which would have burst from every tongue V . had the appointmcut been made. But that was ? a score of years ago. Mr. Bull's ear lins sinco becomo " more Irish nud 'ess nice;" and Gallic impudicity has advanced with corresponding audaciousness. Louis Philippe, shopkeeping > king though ho was, addicted to cotton um . brellas, and immersed in soiled family linen \- which he had no scruple' in washing in the eyo of Europe, as witness the Montpensier nuptial < uncleanliness, nevertheless shrauk from insulting the then English sense of .decency by appointing, even to a subor- dinate situation which would have conferred the right of entree to the British Court, a man ob« jectionable on a moral score. But now thore is no compunction, on the part of Louis Phillippe's successor, in naming to the highest diplomatic office here M. Morny ; nor, unfortu- nately, would there bo the least squeamishness on the part of Wellington and Peels successors in receiving that person, judging by the obse- quious adulation wherewith they receive M. Monty's delegate and probable warming pan, M. de Flahault, commonly called Count Flow, ?or Count Floff, to givo the patronymic its proper Flanders pronunciation. It is certainly a pleasing feature in modern -diplomacy, and its introduction shows tbo present French ruler "understands hts epoch,'4 that the ambassador from Franco at the .British Court should be able to take his instructions from the President of tho Council, who is his own son, that son boing half brother, and not improbably something more than half to the Sovereign. How the ghost of that belle 'esprit, Princess Lie von, must clap her Tartar hands, if spectres do such things, as she wit- nesses this delightful progress in the work she commenced here in '38, and as she bethinks of Morny being moreover enmeshed in Muscovite matrimonial toils in the samo way, and of course for the same ends, as tho liomancfls caught the wholo brood of the Bonapartes, by pouncing on the Bcauharnais tribe, through Eugene, ex-viceroy, and so gotting that lever and s crow in Italy the real influence of which nphoaving instruments we shall see, together with our own folly in not having foreseen it, by the 1st of April next. There can now be no mistake as to the authorisation for any repre- sentation of imperial policy made in England. Even Lord John's reputed unacquaintance with French can be no impediment to his compre- hension ol Flahault, who has lived long enough in England to havo al nost become a native, aa 'bur brothers from the sister islo would say. It is rather remarkable, or perhaps not at all so, circumstances con- sidered, that Flahault has not paid bis respects to Eugenie, and therefore has shewn her studied disrespect as marked as has Persigny, who bas never gone near her ; nor has one of tho Legation from Albert-gate. Tolerably significant this as to the cause of her having come hither. We hear of perpetual electric messages passing between her and the affec- tionate gentleman who is holding bachelor revels at Compiegno, hunting game of all sorts. Who transmits those mcssagos on her part ? Persigny ? If po, he might surely take ber in- structions from her own lips. But the'Flahault Blight is something more cutting. Not only should his peculiar relationship to the Emperor prompt corresponding interest towards the Empress, but in virtue of his marriage, in 1817, to the Baroness Keith and Nairn, [his eldest of fire daughters by that marriage being (1843) Countess of Shelburne, daughter-in-law of Lansdowne,] he is a Scotch proprietor, having scats in Perth and Clackmannanshire*. 1 here I ra, aa a matti r of the most ordinary courtesy, there should bare been In the north, in the impe- rial train, Auguste Charles Joseph, Comte de, Flahault de la Billardrie, instead of being, as is the case, conspicuous from his absence, and thereby furnishing a practical satire on all the talk we have been bearing this fortnight back about the ¿natural affinities between High- landers and Gauls. The Empress' avoidance of the residence of the Dake of Hamilton, although ostensibly coming hither to resido there, is accepted as a sort of Roland for Oliver retort on Eugenia's part, the Duchess being a Beauhornais, and therefore related to Morny, who is by no means her Majesty's right trusty and right well beloved cousin, but the opposite. One story current, but highly improbable, as to her eschewing Hamilton Palace, while going to the residences of other nobles, is, that there was expected there a rather awkward visitor, the Tuke's only sister, the lady who was once Countess of Lincoln, and should now be Duchess of Newcastle were it not for the cir- cumstances deposed to, before the House of Peers, in 1850, by Mr. Gladstone, on the me- morable occasion when, being asked by Brougham if he was intimate with their G ra -es, he cr<iep-mousely replied, " As intimate as one in his position could expect to be with those so much above him." Thereupon the Lord Harry's mobile prominent feature, after trying to get up a snecz», but producing only a rhinoceros-like wheeze, was observed to go through divers sur- prising elephantine caperings and curvetings, aa, bethinking him, mayhap, of bis own thun- dering Tompkins und Jenkins onslaught upon the oligarchy after the whigs had capsized bim off tho woolsack, he sneered out, "Surely, Mr. Gladfctone, you know you arc any Englishman's equal!"-probably meaning to imply that the right honorublo hair-splitter's then recent s;> j'turn in southern latitudes had somewhat emasculated his virility, and prompted a form of speech moro befitting an Ionian to n dominant Tut lc than ono bold Briton to another. Eu- genie's progress southward, to Leamington, whero she arrived this evening, and is well remembered by ber sojourn there sema years Bgo, seems to give tho coup to tho rumoured intended visit to Windsor, where indeed her presence might be pei.uli.trly inconvenient to herself and her rojal hostess by reason of tho absence of tho French ambassador, actual or prospectivo. As both thoso fiuiotioii¿r¡03 have hitherto kept aloof from their imperial mistress, it is to be assumed that they would not pre- sumo to show on an occasion like this ; and to invito them or not to invito thom, and for them to accept or not to accept, would be equally perplexing to all parties-a difficulty that seems to bo got over by Eugenio keeping up her in- cognita, and keeping away altogether. While at Leamington she will doubtless go to Kenil- worth, aud thero keep up tho melancholy meditations she cultivated in the north in re fe rt nco to Mary Queen of Scots, and once a Queen of Franco too, by inspecting the scene of one of the triumphs and humiliations of Mary's executioner. Tho picturesque remains of the renowned romantic ensile belong to her old friend, and her mamma's still older friend, Lord Clarendon. He was at Madrid when tho little Eugenio was only the size of ono of Murillo's angels, and quite as beautiful, besides not being nut-brown, as Spanish angels generally arc, but peachy, as a British angel ought to be. The Earl, on hearing of the Empress' whereabouts, will probably have hur- ried down to show her the local lions, of one of tho principal of which he is the proprietor, and a tolerably liberal showman-for him. But then he is so excessively cautious of committing himself, and thereby give an advantage to his noble and detested friend and successor, Lord John, who reciprocates tho Kilkenny-cat affec- tion with interest, that perhaps, on second thoughts, which with bira are always best, for he has never any original good ones, be will leave the fair and pensive Castilian to moralise alone' about Amy Robsart, who wedded so much above her station, and those other souvenirs of like kind in which the legend haunted vicinage abounds. 