ENGLISH EXTRACTS. Reiieubbr Lot's Wim -"Our oity," says a PhiladeU > phia friend, " has some divines whose sermons sre more noted for their length than depth. One of them, Dr. Bull, having some eighteen months sinoe to pan the Sabbath in a small town in Mew Jersey, not far distant from this city, was invited to preaoh. He accepted the invitation, and spoke for an hour and a half from the text, ' Remember Lot's Wife.' It is said that the ohurch bell had to be rung at the oonoluaion of the sermon, to rouse the hearers. This report, however, needs confirma- tion. Last month the Doctor was in the ssme town, and was again invited to preach. He announced his text, ' Re member Lot's \\\ ile' At this juncture a staid old Jersey farmer, sitting half-way down the middle aisle, was observed pioking up his hat and things, and as the injunction, . Remember Lot's Wife,' wai a second time sounded in his ears, be rote, andina voioe distinctly' audible throughout tbe ohurch, exolaimed, 'Haven't forgot her since yon were here last time,' and im- mediately exeouted a rapid movement toward the door." Harper's Neto Monthly Magazine. Fbbnoh Spoilb »bom China.-The artioles taken from the summer palace at Pekin, and offered to the emperor and empress by tbe army in China, are now exhibited in the gallery of the ground floor of tbe Pavilion Marssn, in the Tuileries. Visitors especially remark among them several gigantic vaBes in enamel of different colours j a magnificent pagoda in bronxe gilt, ohased, and several idols in gold and enamel, with tingular festeres and postures ; also a figure seated on an estrade, with the splendid oostume of a Chinese emperor, consisting of several garments placed one above the other, some decked with gold, others with steel, and all surmounted by a silk mantle of the imperial yellow colour, richly embroidered, and .decked with buttons of gold and precious stone«, and on the head of the figure is a helmet in gold and steel, having somewhat the shape of a tiara, and terminating in a long steel point. Two sceptres of gold, ornimentea with jade, are to be seen ; thoy are in the form of the letter O very muoh lengthened. There are likewise two figures ef monsters in gilt copper, esoh of which weighs ut least SOO kilogs, and is of snoh complicated workmanship that wonder ii felt how it oould have been oast in one piece, as it evidently has been. Among various admirable artioles in porcelain, attention is attraoted by * large vase of the purest imperial yellow, ornamented with representations of branches of a tree of a obarming green oolour. Some blinds of extraordinary dimensions are also remarked. The same gallery also contains the fine collection of ancient armour of Europe, whioh belonged to the cabinet of Prince Soltikoff. A suit of steel armour, inlaid with gold, of the most beautiful workmanship, is more particularly tobe noticed. There are in all about forty suits, whioh occupy all one aide- cf>tbeirallery. Naval WAnvAEE.-We cannot, with our wids-ipread dominions, our colonies and commerce dotted all over the surf aoe of the globe, expect to be superior at every as soilablepoint ; and we should utterly fail, if, in the event of a war with a great maritime power, we otttmpted to be everywhere in force at the same time-a strategy whioh seems to be indicated by the powerful efforts mode to produce that marine impossibility, great fighting power and great speed. That it is an impossibility we verily believe ; for, without attaining great speed, we have in our present fleet of liners sacrificed three great enentials, stability of gun-platform, the handiness of the ships, and the power of keeping the sea for lengthened periodi. To unprofessional men, great-jpeed 90-gnn ships flying about like dolphins, must be a very taking spectacle; and to such it may appear that a fleet of fast vessel« stationed off Cherbourg, another off Brest, and a third off Toolon, would be able to catch an enemy directly he issued from his port, and make him fight on our own terms ; but remember yon are tben assuming that we have succeeded in creating an engine of naval wai fare that the enemy cannot imitate, and does not pones«. If hit fleet seizes a favourable opportunity for a good start, and puts to seo, how are you going to ooteh him, when nts speed is as great as yours ? Why, it is mathematically demonstrative that the achievement Is an impossibility, and tbot steam will enable en onemy's fleet to fight his battle wLere and when be pleases, far offener than in the olden day. Nelson's obase of the Frenoh fleet across the Atfsntio to the West Indies and book again, will, no doubt, have again to be repeated upon a still grander scale. The condi- tions of relative speed will remsin muoh the same; bnt the enemy will now have, In steam-engine«, a much greater power of strategical combination ; and as Lonis Napoleon showed tbe Austrian generals in Italy, io will he one day show ns, that tho tteam-engino is the stcret by whioh plans deoided upon at connoil-table may be executed with certainty by tea as well as by land. We do not deny that fast vessels will be required-aye, faster than any Nelson, Howe, or Blake ever thought of; but such fast vessel muit be the light-hone of our navy, to hang upon the enemy's traok, to go ahead of his fleet, warn and prepare those woo may bo threatened with attack, and give us the intelligence io time to convert a temporary tuooeis upon the part of a foe into a final disaster, or to foil a com b nation by assuming the initiative. To do that with mooee« our heavy ships must be bandy, good sea boats, and capable of oloBing with iron-olod batteries or granite fortresses. They may ponen all these qualities, oom mond a good speed of ten or eleven knots per hour under favourable circumstances, and from four to five knots against stiff breeses and a bead seo. Snob should be our sea-going heavy-battering ships, suob.wouldbe the elsss of venéis to which we referred in' onr December num- ber; and if we bad tbem, God help all the flying Merseys built of wood, snd oarrying «olid ility-eight pounders of ninety-five cwt,, that fell into their olutohes. Landsmen talk of ships carrying suoh guns as those 68-pounders, and fighting tbem in a sea tray when chasing at great speed. It is enough to make sailors, and especially seamen . gunners, groan at suoh mistaken impressions of whst artillery praotioe is upon the high seas. We know fait thips in which it would be dangerous to oatt loose mob guns, muoh lett fire them, even whon at anohor in open roadsteads with a sea run- ning. Not one of our prêtent despatch bests will light snob guns in a scaley i none of our two hundred Igun- boats can carry them at sea, and we wonMIto te seo the Mersey's praotioe with a moderato beam swo I in the Bay of Biíoay. No, no; believe tw, reader, that the armour quoition was carried the day our tailors were obliged to catt aiide their handy Mander gum, and take to theie huge 68-pounderi, which weigh, with their oarriogei, nearly five toni.. Buch cannon can only be worked with lafoty or certainty in smooth water, and then woe to those who hove o fight thi m behind but tresses of wood over acconible mogaslnes of powder, airainsttho men who are proteoted by iron bomb-proofs ! There is no longer a doubt upon this point in the minds of our worklngollioors and teamon-" iron- elad ships can only be met by iron-elad ships" is the general opinion of those directly interested in the question, anl to that opinion tho oountry and its rulers must come, if they in- tend wo should stand, ns of yore, in the vanguard of na- tions. Upon that general ground, therefore, irrespec- tive of the oomiiarative merits of inolined or vertical ar- mour, great speed, or steadiness of platform, let us dii oiiBS the charaoter tbat this new navy should sttume. Blackwood1! Magazine. Sei'uloiibal Customs on tub Ahoob.-The natives here hove also a ouitoni which I found prevailing in other parti of Asia among the Kalmuoks, lorne tribes of the Kalkai, and the Toungoni, of providing their de- ceased brother with all the tools and implements neces- sary to enable him to oorry on his trade or occupation in the lond of ghosts. If this duty be negleoted, they be- lieve that bis spirit wanders for ever through dsrk and dismal foretts, without finding a place of reit. The oustom varies among differentpeople, but all tend to the same end. For instance, the Kirghis obief bss his rayo rite hone buried with hi», that he may not bo compelled to walk in his ghostly state-a thing tbat be abhört when living, The Kalmuck and Kalkei k»ve their wee* *on», olsthe», and lapUunta pl«o»i teíWáSrtS ïhat'thoy may appear suitably apparelled before tnetr frlends, and able to engage in their-ordinwy pursmti. But the Touogouz races have similar artioles placed on ¿heir'grave, to be ready for eervioeithe moment they awake from what they consider to be their temporary repote.-4tfcínson'í Travels on the Amoof. * "^ . An.old woman residing at Saltash, near Plymouth, ¡ was hurried on Sunday with military honours. She was carried to her grave by non-commissioned officers in the Royal Marines, whose bandi headed the procession and played the Dead March of Haul. Tbe old, lady had been purvevor.of shell-fish to the barraoks. Tun > Ü9B or English Classical Litebstobe in Education.-Why ahoold notthe study of English authorB have a recognised place side by side wiih that of the an- cients ? Why should not the KngliBh language be soi-j entifioally taught in friendly rivalry with Creek and La tin T Unquestionably the association would be mutually1 advantageous. Something, indeed, would have to be ab-< atractod from>the timo «Hotted to the present monopo ? lists ;.bub what tbey might lose in this way they would gain hy the oheoring and stimulating influence ot such) companionship on the minds of the scholars. * * *j . There should be the same laborious " getting up" of the¡ English author as of thooncieut; language and raatter| .oughtto be as cloBely analysed in the one case as the, .other!; the student should be encouraged to discover .e aamblaneesor contrasts of sentiment ; to detect affinities' iif,language,.differences of idiom, and peculiarities ofi itttruOture 'illustrating the laws of comparative gram-' jnar. Among other advantages of suoh a method of edu- cation there-would be this very important one, that the Studies ot school wonld no longer neem so remote trom .the realities oí Vue.-Rev. II. G. Robinson, of York, ,tn, Macmillan's Magazine. , i Henry Knell, an artisan in the wheelers' branch of; the Royal Carriage Manufactory» at Woolwich, hosdedi-j .cited his leisure between six p.m. and six am; to the i" Chips from the Block," being a sumrrmry of Informa- tion tfar his class. 'He dedicated it to Colonel'Tulloch, rwho sent a oopy to the Queen, and Mr. Knell has rocived au expression of warm approval, still more sub- stantially expressed by a oheque for £10 from his Sovereign, bir Benjamin Hawes bas also been a reader, and his acknowledgments oro made in- a prosent to Knell of ".Ure's Dictionary of Arts and Manufactures." i Thb AsroNiSHHD Meddler: A True Stobt.-What saya Quilp, is mora intolerable than an officious inter meddler with other people's affairs T One of the most buay-of the tribe was travellingin the can not long ago, and exercising his talents in a manner at once amusing and mischievous. "Hallo!" aries Mr. 'Meddler, to a decrepit old gentleman, just as the train was leaving a way station, " wake np, and step lively. This is the ,pl*oá where you want to get out." The old man had barely time to put his tottering legs on the platform of tile depOt, when the train was again m motion. " Good gracious/! exclaimed Mr. Meddler, on returning to his seat, 'which was next to the one which the old .gentleman had occupied; "Oood gracious, the old .fellow has gone and left his oarpet-bag." So he kindly .threw itoutof the window. Half-an-hour!ater,ayoung man came in from another oar and inquired for a missing oarpet-bag. " It was on this seat," said the stranger, [pointing to the spot where the old gentleman had been sitting. - "Good gracious," again cried'Mr. Meddler, " why I thought that carpet-bag belonged to the old fellow who got ont a while ago, and so I threw it out of the window after him, 'cauto 1'sposed he'd forgot it !" '"Thedenos you did," said the stranger, with a scowl, "and1 how carne the old man to le»\e the train?' "Why," said Mr. Meddlor, "1 thought I heard him say he was going to Mlddleport ; so when we came to the depOt I told him be wai there, and hod better get out. That's how it was." "You hod better minded your own bniiness," said the yonng man rather sharply. " That old gentleman was going to Middlebury, to see a dying son, wbo will now be dead and burled, probably, neforehii father can get there. That's on« of the results of your ofhoions intermeddling with things that don't concern yon. And that carpet-bag is my carpet-bag, and has got my wedding-suit in it ; I was to have been married to-night, if it hsd'ot been for you. You've damaged a funeral, and spoiled a wedding with your non- sense 1" And sa he had, sure enough.-Boston Post. -Wbo Love Flowsbs.-Flowers seem intended for the solace of ordinary humanity ; children lore them ; quiet, tender, oontented, ordinary people love1 them as they grow; luxurious and disorderly people rejoice in them gathered. They are the cottager's treasure; and in the crowded town, mark, as with a little broken fragment of rainbow, the windows of the workers in whose heart rests the covenant of peace. Passionate or religious minds contemplate them with fond, feverish intensity ; the af- fection* ia seen severely calm in the worksiif many old religious painters, and mixed with more open and true oountry sentiment in those of our own pre-Kaphaelites. To the child and the girl, the peasant and the manufac- turing operative, to the grisette and the nun, the lover and monk, they are precioat always. But to the men of supreme power ana thoughtfuiness, precious only at times ; symbolically and pathetically often to the poet«, bat rarely for their own sake. They fall forgotten from the great workmen's and soldier's hands. Suoh men will take, in tbankfutness, orowns of leaves, or crowns of thorns-not crowns of flowers.-Modern Painter». By John Ruskin, M.A. Soueobi or Cottox ßorrbv.-The following is a list of new places from whioh cotton has been shipped to this oosntry during the past 12 months. These places are either entirely new as plsces of cotton export, or are porte where the export of cotton has revived, owing mainly or at least ino .rt to tbe agitation created through the efforts of the Manchester Cotton Supply Associa- tion:-St. Maro, 75 bales; Smyrna, 700; Tutooorin, 18,9X4; Cochin, 1135; Colombo, 4822; Beypoor, S75; Ceylon, 280; Bimlipatam, 12; Calcutta, 1004; Paita, 611; Lagos, 1741; Acora, 10; Alexandretta, 600; Demeron«, 838; Trinidad, 131; Ooloo, 39; Port-au Ptiece, 898; Fayal, 1838; Paraiba, 2485; Aspinwal1, 48; Larnoo«, 8; Cooma, 810; St. Viooent, 150; Moisel Bay,-62 ; Rangoon, 40; Minatltlan, SOO; Hay ti, 67; Cape of Good Hope, 146; Port Philip, 13; Algo» Bay, 9t Port Elisabeth, IS; Pars, 46; Havana, 8; Belise, 481 Tobago, 2; Kingston, 8; St. Domingo, 32; Lisbon, 918; St. Thomas, 65; Barbadoes, 65; Montierrat, 2; Grenada, 927 ; Natal, 25 ; Callao, 552 ; Freetown, 2 ; Puerto Babello, 1340; Savanilla, 26; Valparaiso, 15; Bio Grande del Norte, 380; Sydney, 1 ; St, Kitts, IO; Arica, IOS; Pert Louis, Mauritius, 85; Lima, 4; Cape Coast Cattle, 8 ; Port Madoc, 2 ; Grand Saline, 24 -, and 8ierra Leone, 1 : making a total of 58 new. revived, or increasing ports from which we are now receiving cotton. 