THE MINERS' ASSOCIATION. ! A meeting of the members of this body j was held on Monday night in the Chamber ; of Commerce. Mr Stocks was voted to the chair. The attendance was rather limited. The minutes of the last meeting were read and confirmed. [Mr Curthoys, the Presi- dent, here entered the meeting.] Mr Cameron proposed Mr D. Turpie and Mr Philip Davies as members of the associ- ation; Mr Downes seconded the proposition, which was agreed to. A letter was read from Mr Sump!e with answers to a number of queries submitted to him by the association, which may be sum- marised as follows:-He was opposed to the export tax on gold, and ia favor of a mint similar to that at Sydney. He was in favor of an extension of thc residence areas to 4 or 5 acres. He was opposed to a tax on mining machinery, and in favor of legalising mining on private property. He would ad- vocate a comprehensive scheme of water supply, but he was not sure that Mr Francis' scheme was a bona fide one. He was in favor of free selection, and he considered the rent paid for the twenty acres taken up under the recent proclamation as too high. He was in favor of the payment of mem- bers. The Secretary said that he had received a letter from the Miners' Association at Red- bank promising co-operation. The com- munications were received. The Secretary asked if Mr Dyte was going to stand? The gentlemen present thought that only Mr Humffray, Mr Cathie, and Mr Semple were in the field. Mr Downes said they should get Mr Cathie's views on the various topics. Mr Downes asked if they could support Mr Humffray? He was in favor of the retention of the export duty on gold. The Secretary said they had no expression ' of Mr Cathie's views. He moved and Mr Camerou seconded-"That a committee wait upon him to ascertain bis views." The motion was agreed to; and Mr Stocks, the mover, Mr Peake, the Secretary, and Mr Curthoys were deputed to wait on Mr Cathie. Mr Davies suggested that the secretar» should stand. Mr Downes declined the honor for varióos reasons. - Mr Cameron asked if they vere going to see Mr Gillies and Mr Smith. The Secretary said they had only a few members who were voters on Ballarat West. Mr Curthoys said they should not come to a decision as to whom they would support until they had heard the views from the various candidates in the field. He thought, under the circumstances, it would not bc wrong to support Mr Semple. Mr Downes said that when they received a reply from Mr Cathie, they would be able to come to a decision. Mr Dennis thought Mr Cathie as honest as any of the candidates. Mr Curthoys thought they could not support Mr Humffray, in consequence of bis viewB on the export duty. Messrs Curthoys, Hughes, and Cameron, were deputed to ascertain the views of Messn Gillies and Smith, and wait on those gentle- men. The Secretary suggested that they no« dissolve, and proceed to the Temperan» Hall, and have an interview with Mr Cathie Mr Curthoys said that Mr Humffray wa Opposed to the abolishment of the expor duty on gold on principle; if pushed, li might go in for thc reduction to ls 6d pe ounce. The Chairman said they ought to hav Mr Humffray's views in writing. Mr Curthoys said he was too knowing t do any such thing. Mr Hughes would not then support him. The meeting then adjourned until Mot day next. NEW INSOLVENTS. - George Augustas Millar, Ballarat, licensed victualler. Debt £246 Os 3d, assets £27 7s 6d, deficiency £218 I2s9d. Causes-losses in the trade of coach manufacturer, illness of self and family, pressure of creditors, &e.; George Smeaton, of Morrison's diggings ; debts £260 5s lld, assets £129 15s, deficiency £70 10s Lld. Causes-Pressure of creditors, losses by floods, and falling off in business. Donald M'Donald, Ballarat road, store- keeper. Debts £118 9s ld, assets £29 5s lld, deficiency £89 3s 2d. Causes- Losses on contracts and pressure >f creditors. Wil- liam Daddo, Ballarat, gold miner. Debts £76 10s 6d, assets £90, surplus £13 9B 6d. Causes - Losses in mining speculations. John Kodier, Ballarat, publican. Debts £288 19s 3d, assets £296 10s, surplus £7 10s Sd. j Causes-Depression in business, losses ia ! mining speculations, Ste Leander Lowell ! Bigelow, Smythesdale, miner. Debts £161 i 12s ld, assets £24 10s, deficiency £137 2s ld. Causes- Speculations, and being sued by a mining company. Alexander Farquhar, Ballarat, laborer. Debts £62 10s, assets £2 10s, deficiency £60. Causes-Want of employment, losses in muting specula- tions, icc ANOTHER WHÁIA-The whaling partj here have this day killed another whale the fourth thia season. It was killed dos« to the old jetty, and was about forty feel long.-r-Forthnd Guardian, 12th July. P&OTBCTIOK; ARD : THB . "METBBS.-Io ni respectare the interests ot town and country -of the gold fields vertun Melbourne, likely to be so antagonistic and irreconcileable ai in regard to the question of free trade and protection; Upon that subject wc antici- pate that the mining districts will be unani- mous. No protectionist, wc should hope, will hare the ghost of a chance at the ensu- ing General Election, outside Melbourne and Geelong. Me are not to be *' terrified" by the subscription of £50 to the Protection League by Mr Ambrose Ey te, nor con verted by the transparent fallacies of Mr Graham Berry (be ter known as Goose-berry-) nor convinced by the illogical maunderings of Mr Don. We have heard all such stale and sophistical arguments in favor of monopoly, Ugh prices, scarcity, and class legislation before. We arc not of opinion that thc colony was discovered and established for the exclusive benefit of a handful of operative masons in Melbourne and Geelong, or that its progress is to bc arrested for tl tc sake of keeping the wages pf metropolitan artisans nt a high figure. We. object to be taxed for asy such a purpose; for we might just as reasonably clamor- for an impost of five shillings upon every sovereign imported into the colony, on the ground fhat as we are producers ot raw gold, we ought to protect native industry, and enable the Victorian miner to compete upon more advantageous terms with the miners of California or the Ural Mountains. Preposterous as such a proposition may appear, it is not more pre- posterous than the project of levying an ad valorem duty of five-and- twenty per cent upon all commodities introduced into the colony which we are capable of manufac- turing or producing ourselves. Truth to say a duty of one pound per ounce to be imposed upon all crude or coined gold, and jewelleryj would be accessary corollary of the pro- position just adverted to.- Maryborough and Hunollv Advertiser. SEPARATION.-Tiie cause of separation is ( steadily advancing in all parts. Adherents ¡ are comiug forward from the length and breadth of the territory comprising the pro- posed new colony. As soon as the weather admits of travelling, the league will extead its operations far and wide. Wc would throw out a suggestion for the consideration of the league-whether it would not be ser- viceable to elect, at each committee, a dele- gate who might represent his district at any general meeting of the league.-Portland Guardini. COLLISION WITH AN ICEBERG. - Up to Thursday, the 7th of March, the voyage of the Marco Polo had been favorable. A few days before icebergs had been seen at a dis- tance of several miles, but no apprehension existed that any immediate danger was to be apprehended from their vicinity. About lialf-|.ast three o'clock on thc morning of Thursday, the ship, under full sail, was going from eight to nine knots au hour ; there was very little sen, and a slight haziness rendered objects at any distance rather indistinct. So quietly and without signs of life did she glide through the water, that it seemed difficult to believe that 250 human beings were between her decks. All, with the ex- ception of the watch on duty, were in bed. Tlii muttered words of some unquiet sleeper told he waa dreaming of the home he was soon to see, in his native land, or perhaps of the friends and home he was leaving in the land of his adoption. Sud- denly the stillness was broken ty the wild shout of a seaman, " icebegs ahead !" Be- fore an order could be carried into effect the ship struck with such force as to rouse every one on board A second succeeded about a minute after, followed by the grind- ing sound of the ship's bows on the ice, and the crash of falling masts and spars. The scene that followed baffles description. No doubt existed but that all would go to the bottom in a few minutes. The more bold and courageous threw on a few articles ol clothing, and rushed on deck, prepared to second the efforts of the crew, and do battle with their last enemy while their strength lasted. Others seemed in a state of complete stupefaction, their minds incapable of comprehending their true position. Many wept and groaned aloud, mingling their expressions of despair with the cries of the vomen and children. The scene on deck might well make all tremble. The iceberg, which was the shape of an irregular triangle, about 300 by 500 feet, with an elevation like a cathedral, at the narrow side towering to the height of al least 150 feet, lay close to the ship, a large projection at the summit appearing about tc fall on deck, while yards and fragments ol wreck falling in all directions added horror to the scene, already sufficient tc appal the stoutest heart. The momentary panic over, the necessary orders were promptly carried out, and the ship slowly withdrew from her dangerous neighbor- hood. The pumps were manned, and while they were vigorously plied, an awful periodof suspense ensued-** e'n the boldest held their breath." At length a hearty cheer told that the pumps were dry, and brought immediate relief to all, proving as it did that the hull of the ship was compara- tively uninjured. It was now seen that the first shock had carried away the jibboom and shattered the bowsprit, the second had com- pletely carried the bowsprit from its place and thrown it across the forecastle, at thc same time causing the fall of the foretop mast, with all its yards and rigging, toge- ther with the mainroyalyard; and all that was left standing in the forepart of the ship was the lower part of the foremast, and that was badly sprung. Thc course of the ship was changed to the northward, and the re - pairing of the damage rapidly proceeded with.-Marco Polo Obstrver. VoTAGE OF THE GoEAT EASTERN.-The particulars of the outward voyage of the Great Eastern are fully chronicled in thc American papers which have just arrived The trip occupied nine days and th ir teer honre, and would have been quicker but foi a severe gale on the 6th May, which ucees sitated an abandonment of her regula course for a while. The gale amounted to almost a hurricane, and caused the grea ship to roll in a manner which had not beei anticipated. Tables, chairs, &c;, which wer not screwed down, were overturned an thrown together tn a broken heap. Tb ship behaved admirably, and although sb was often covered with spray, it was qui) impossible for any sea to overleap her loft sides. The best day's run was 348 mile A 8peed of 14 knots an hour was sever times exceeded, but on the whole voyage a equal average was not reached. Sails we: found to be of little or no service, and tbe use was discarded. The almost absolu safety of the ship, and the unparalleh comforts she affords, were fully demo stratcd during the vovase. KOSSUTH ANO THE EMPEROR OF AUSTRIA. -Ia the case of the Emperor of Austria against Louis Kossuth, vice-Chancellor Stuart bas given judgment against the de- fendant, on the ground that the Court is bound to protect the King_ of Hungary in what are termed his legal rights against any act on the part of defendant tending to deprive bim of them. The Emperor of Aus- tria is the recognised and de facto Bing of Hungary. Louis Kossuth must, in the printing of the notes, have had some object or aim against thc rights of the Hungarian ruler» therefore an English court is bound to use its powers to restrain Kossuth from the issue of thc documents, and to ordei their surrender. The vice-Chancellor doet not say that the paper notes are in them- selves documents transgressing by theil existence any law of which this country cai take cognisance. He founds his judgmen upon the fact that the property "is to b used when the defendant Kossuth shall tb in fit for purposes adverse to the existing right of the plaintif!!" [This decision has bee appealed against, and the arguments wei opened cn the 22nd of May before the Lol Chancellor.] ACCIDENT TO TOM SATEBS^^ pion of the ring visited (hdUS* <W 18th, with Howes and Cnsh^T *fc While proceeding on horsela^'% of exhibition in the eventojTu»7*? As at the flapping of the canvas rfS^!^ and he was thrown to the ^ pretty severely injured. Medi!?!!!^«â promptly given, and when he barf ** *«< from his faint, he stated that hefif00^ and more out of order than he HM ï6*9 encounter with Heenan. No hn ^ i we understand, broken; neverthdl*1^ pugilist sustained several sew«?'* and on the 19th he was confined? ¿S An agent commissioned by thin ment of Victoria to purchase a nm ^ rifled ordnance and muskets huat,t arrived in England. The dpn,*!?^ Woolwich Arsenal hasreoivëd i^''» from the War-office to prepares *9BI' battery complete of Armstrone T°* equipment, to be supplied at the^M1 cost of the coiony, and to be niiriT'£ shipment without delay. p " fa A movement is said to be going successfully in this country amongst j w body of Monconformists for the estttó meat of a new colony, or rathe »"j, settlement in New Zealand.-Hen« tf^ A large number of envelopes of w. now used in the Northern States of i^. rica have " God bless the Union" printy them. Many have on them also tie flu rf the United Stales, the stars and «JL printed in colors, with transverse Mtí! stripes to represent the recreant Stua Envelopes used iu the South have alio fb Union flag, with the stars red aced toa number of the Confederated States. rderß have been received at Chubs, directing the 9l-gun screw steamer EM Oak, now building at thatestablighmati be completed as a 51-gun screw frigate, u be clad with shot-proof \m m plates, similar to those used inthecanjtti tion of the Warrior and Ariñlles, « steamers. 