[?] — - A LOYE STORY. Tho death of the Duchess d'Albe has given a terrible" shock to tho family of the Empress ; much united, and, in spite of the high position to which the fairest scion of the house of Montijo has arrived, until now but seldom separated. The nature and illness with which tho Duchess was afflicted rendered from the first all hope of recovery doubtful, and for tlie last month she ,.had_becn wavering between life and death. Tho oris s, which took place during the stay of tlie Empress at Eaux-Bonuce, was decisive. From that crisis she never rallied, and remained prostrate and almost inanimate, scarcely to be called in life, river since. T'lio Emperor, who had been apprised by telegraph, while at Marseilles, of tho in evitable approach of tho fatal catastrophe, hud wisely urged tho departure of tho Empress from France, lest she should be culled to attend her sister's dying moments. The sea, with all its incon venience and frying, was fur less to bo dreaded than the moral effect of tho sad event to which the Empress would have been compulsorily a witness had sho r.o- turncd to Biarritz according to her in tention. This, the most terrible trial in human life, lias been avoided, at all uveitis, imu time, tne bojo sure so, other of human grief, will liavo done much towards restoring the calm of her Ma jesty's tnind before her return. Few people have left rrio're regret -to 'their circle of friends, amongst whom life had been spent, than the Duchess d'Albe. The story of the rivalahip in love with one to whom sho was willing, when the truth became known, to sucrilice her own happiness, but who refused With equal generosity to accept tho sacrifice, is wcii known at Madrid. Tho Due d'Allie was at the time the trio's t elegant and brilliant of till -the cavaliers of the Court of Spain, and sought for his high, name, and goodly estates as much as for his own personal qualities by every family in Madrid. It was soon beheld, however, whore his affections had been fixed, as he was seldom a day without paying a visit to the mansion of Madame- Montijo, and was soon established in gossip talk as the suitor of ono or other of thu young ladies belonging to the family. For a long time not cveu gossip could point out the favoured ono, so equally were the Duke's attentions in public divided amongst- them all. It was one of the most pleasant sight's in Madrid to behold tlie highly-decorated box at the opera, belonging to Mndamo Montijo, occupied by the bevy of beauties — of divers style, complexion, and iige, which the family at that time could boast — sitting in front; and behind them, standing in a row, tho various pretenders" to their preference. Madrid could tell at a glance for whom was iu tended the murderous attempt at conquest, which had evidently oceasioned the armiug in embroidered cravats and white kid gloves, .with all manner of glittering orders at the buttonhole, beneath which, ;if't,er t|ie iiianner..of_nien in.generalj Die pretenders were wont to disguise their pre t ension-. — -T-he-Uno dLA 1 be -was -the : only one, however, whoso views remained inscrutable. Meanwhile, one heart was sinking with hope deferred, and the un certainty whioh in love is mortal, and each hour increasing this indecision, be came one of the most Bickeuing agony' to the fair girl, whoso vigilance eould detect ho -preference either for herself or for any. one in particular amongst her companions iri -tlie Duke's assiduities, so equally were they distributed amongst all. She was of too bold arid decisive a character to submit for any length of time to this unprofitable torturing of soul. A grand bal masr/ac was given by the Queen. Sho resolved that this rccasiou — which is always considered one wherein the greatest freedom of speech is permitted — should put an end to the uncertainly, which whs eating Iter very heart away. Alone ofall tlie family she excused herself from attendance at the ball. Aided in her romantic scheme by an aunt to whom she was much attached, she feigned indisposition, and retired to bed before bcr companions bad departed for tlie palace ; no suspicion was, therefore, nrousud. When the family carriage had driven from tho door she rose, aud disguising herself in a long black domino) instend of the bril liant, mythological costume which had been prepared for her, she proceeded to the palace under the escort of her aunt. In tho midst of the Eplcndid secuo which burst upon her vision ns "she entered the great ball-room, but ono thought occupied her mind — she beheld but one object amongst the highly deco rated crowd which swayed two and fro in tho dance. It was the Due d'Albe, whore em- iuine she knew nt once, it hav ing been chosen for liiiri 'at a general eon el. a re in the Montijo salon some little while before. Sho soon managed to thread her way towards wlierri he stood, talking eagerly, as was his wont, to one of the ladies of the Montijo family. But she feared not recognition; arid, pulling him by tho sleeve, asked .him, in the shrill bal masr/uc toue adopted on tho like, occasions, whether he would'feqr to dance with one 'who had cnfne to' bull with no other purpose than that of treading oho single hicasuro with tho hero of the night, the gallant " Don John of Austria," which was the charac ter the Duke had assumed, and in iviiieh ho was tho observed of rill observers. Both his real and assumed character , urged him to compliance with a lady's wish, and immediately turning from tho group of friends with whom lie was con versing, gallantly offered his hand to the domino, and .led her with a com pi i merit to tho quadrille just then forming beneath tho middle chandelier of the great gallery. Can you not fancy how the heart of 'that young girl must have beat ns, determined to attain the object for which she had run this risk, she whispered in her partner's car words of deep meaning, upon which her whole future life was hung? Gun you not fancy how that strickeu heart riiusthave faltered when the words of truth, bright with bis unstained honour/ fell from the lips of., the Duke ? For tlie first time, perhaps, tho name of the real object of his love was breathed by him; It was the' eldest daughter of the Countess de Montijo to whom he was devoted, and to her was he resolved to disclose the secret on this very night. No hope could, therefore, remain to the unhappy victim who had sought the secret which was to be' her own 'condemnation; - She with drew from the ball. : What had she to seek further amid that gay j throng 7 She hurried homeland flung herself rin despair iipon the couch sho had left, but to seek the despair with which the years of her future life wcro to'be criibitLered. At dawn tho ladies returned from the ball. All were glad and joyous— but one above tho_rest; and she could riot resist /the temptation to sock her best friend, in order to make her participate in the joy which the Duke's proposition hail inspired. She entered softly, for she thought her frieud was sleeping. She approached the bed,, and. shrieked aloud with dismay at .beholding tho in valid, to whom sho had bidden adieu a few hours before, and who had retired for slumber in nightcap and bedgown/ lying now outside the ooverlet, wrapped in a black domino, . with the mask she bad worn torn violently franrher face and clutched with couvulsive- prcssure in her hand. She called aloud, but no answer was returned. In another mo ment she perceived, even by the light of the moon, which streamed in at the 'chamber window, that the fonii (was insensible vhicli lay before her, and 'that the features wore working as if in tlie throes of ' tho death'agony. The, house was aroused, and. the family ' came' in haste to the bedside to behold with horror the confirmation of the suspicion which -had struck them from tho very first. Assistauce bad only just come in time tho cvidenco whioh lay before them in the shape of the empty phial arid its warning label, indicated the nature of the uutidoto to be administered. Every help Was given, arid after a while, all effect of this morfient's abberatioh had passed away, even to the moral regret of beholding .the Duke tlici husband "of another. The generous impulse of the. bride-elect contributed rimst of all, they 'say, to this desired consummation ; for, .not till sho was assured that tho despair of unrequited love; was entirely ovcreonic, would she. consent to leave her friend, and to accept, tho highest natno and fortune in all Spain. 'Such is the story told in the chronicles of Madrid, and 'many 'people in Paris, who are in timate with all the parlies concerned, have coulirined it oft and oft. TIio re laxed nerves of the countenance, tho quivering eyelids of the heroine of the tale — herself a happy wife and mother now— arc often quoted to bear witness of its truth ; and we give it in testimony of the generous nature of the Diichess, as well as of the strength of tniud which 'enabled her friend to forego 'the "selfish indulgence in hopeless sorrow, which would have blighted both existences for ever.— -Court Journal. A __Un ita r i an-.-M i nistk it's -Inter view with the Pope— The Rev! "W. James, in an interesting lottcr-toHbo Christian Reformer of this month, on his recent visit, to the continent, gives tho following aceouut of his interview with the Pope: — " Before I left Bristol I obtained from a Roman 'Catholic clergyman tlicro a letter of introduction to Monsignor Talbot, who resides at the Vatican. Through him I had an audienco of the Pope. I was allowed to take with mo Mr. Gangooly and my other travel ling companion, and we went very quietly to tlie palace in the morning at eleven o'cloek. There we saw cardinals in their showy robes, aiid ministers of state and others, as they passed in and niit, to mid from the pretence of the Pontiff. An hour bad elapsed beforo I was sum moned. I had previously ascertained that, as Protestants, there would be no special marks of reverence required from us on this occasion, and wo paid the same token of respect as we should have done bad we nttended the court at borne. We found the Pope seated at. a table, in the plain white ecclesiastical dress which he always wears in private, and with a culin aud beniguant countenance, ex- prcssivo of amiability, and gentleness, rather than force of character or mental vigour. Ho seemed to be a man about seventy years of age, and. bis . features have not on them the traces of care and anxiety which I expected would be vi sible from all he has recently liad to. do nnd bear. Nothing could exceed the- kinduess of inauuer with which life re ceivcd me. There was not tho slightest exhibition of haughtiness or coldness in word or action. Ho spoke naturally of what- arose out of the. circumstances' in which we stood beforo him. I had been introduced ..as a Socinian minister from Bristol. And I ventured to say that' this was a mistake ; that. I was not a follower of Sooihus, not, ngrceing-with him in somo of his religions Conclusions; that I belonged to a nhurcli "which re fused to ho called by the name of any nian.howevcracconipli.ihcd and excellent, and that I was a Unitarian Christian. Hearing this, the Pope reminded mo that Soeinus was an Italian, nnd then asked iric if I know .anything of tho his tory and writings of Oehinus, who was also an Italian, and of the Capuchin order, hut renounced the doctrines of the .Catholic Church, arid becaino nil anti-Trinitarian. I replied that I was familiar with the life and an Ill-Trinita rian opinions of this singularly gifted man, and with his fairie ns a pulpit orator, and that lie had likewise exer cised his functions as a preacher in . Eng'and. The Pope then turned to the Brahmin, and was informed that lie was soon going to Calcutta as a Christian missionary to his native Hindoo's, hav ing renounced heathenism and embraced Unitarian views of the gospel He did not forget the English youth that was with me, and was told that he was of tho 'Independent denomination. This led him to make some observations on tho diversity of thought and speculation which prevailed in the world oh the subject of religion. Aud turning to me, lie remarked, ' My daily prayer is, that, amid the divisions and eonlrb versios of 'Christendom, all may be taught to know tlie truth nnd to do it.' Of course I felt that 'the truth,' as he understood it, must ho the system of wliich lie is the head and representative: But his words brought-, to my mind the prayer of Jesus, ' Sanctify them by Thy truth ; for Thy word is truth";' and I said to the Pope that his petition was mine also, and that it was ono in which all good Christians ninst unrdially unite." Tun Fair Ciroasia.v. — Tliq case of M'Niibb o. Johnson was tried in the Court, of Common Pleas, on Wednesday, and created much mirth. in court— -The action was brought by Jessio. M'Nabb, a Circassian by birth,- and lately 'pro prietress of tho Circassian Shades public- house, better known aflTThe Harlequin," Drury Lane, to recover of the defendants,' executors of a person .named Peol,_a (iri liter, the £nm of £04 for wages, money paid, Sc.— Jessie M'Nabb de posed : I am a widow. In 1S56 I kept tho Circassian Shades public- bouse, in Drury Lane. In the beginning of that year Mr Peel called upon me,, and iu the course of conversation I told him that business was bad, and that I thought of giving it up. lie asked me to live wi tli- biin'as. bis -housekeeper, -audiUconr. sentcd. I accordingly went with him, arid lived with him till his death, as his servant, lie never paid ilie any wages. Ho always said the money was useful to him ill trade; that lie would keep it and allow me interest on.it. — Cross- examined by Mr. Sergeant Bnllantino : I don't know that the deceased ever printed any hills for inc.. I never liad an exhibition. I don't know that, ho printed and cir culated bills to tlie effect -that " a fair Circassian; cousin of the heroic Sclintnyl," was to bo exhibited at. thu Circassian Shades. I was the ouly Circassian there. (Laughter.) There was a man of colour there. (Renewed laugh I or.) The de ceased (Mr Peel) frequently cariio to my house. I. used to drink with him. It was all done publicly, not privately. Mr. Peel became almost helpless, and I bad to dress arid undress hiin. After he was in that state, and 1 had to - at tend to hint, I slept in the same bed witli him, and not before. We were not in the habit of- having gin in bed at night. Deceased used to have gin in bed, and I used, sometimes to take a little of it. We did not have breakfast iu bed. Mr. Sergeant Bnllantino.: You say that deceased was very ill. Why, were you not in the habit of having rump steaks, chops, and kidneys for breakfast, and washing tlie.iri down with gin? Witness: No; I'll swear 'we never had them in bed ; I swear that. I was not helplessly drunk the night beforo Mr. Peel's death. I never agreed to live witli hirii as his mistress. I went to live with him as his servant. I never fought with or exchanged blows with the deceased. Wo liad words together. Deceased left irie by will £50. — John Henry Murr, a compositor in tlio'de- ceased s eriiplny, proved that ' he was present when he agreed with the plain tiff to enter his service, at a Salary of £18 a ycar. He" told rile that, I was to consider tho plaintiff as his housekeeper. — Mr._Sergc'anjt Bnllantino called, the following evidence :— Charles W. Her bert said lie bad been iri the employ ment of the deceased as traveller. Wit ness went to see the plaintiff nt Drury- luno, because Mr. Peel told 'told hirii that ho would show hini tlie fairest flower that ever bloomed, and give him sonic tripe for supper. (Loud laughter.) Iu .December, lSoli, witness went to the plaintiff nt the request of.Mr. Peel. She said sho was going to leave, because busiucs'a did not piiy. Mr. Dodd, a master farrier, used to visit liorj and Mr. Peel was very jealous of Dodd, aud said in witness's hearing, ''Jess, if you would like. to come to my : house, there is a home for yuii." She said she would rather not,,- for slio had some friends at Hackney whom she eould' go to. Mr. Peel said, " Charley (witness) will do everything requisite ; you come home to the." Witness nftci wards' snw her into the cab that was to take her to Mr. Peel's house,- witness baring first' taken tho message from Mr. Peel, "Come home as soon as you can." ' Mo gave her the key of Mr. Peel's house, and said " There is the key, you know how to open tho door ; you are to go and see Mr. Peel instantly you get there. Tins was at four o'clock in tho morning. On the following day witness went up to Mr. Peel's bed-room according to cus tom, for Mr. Peel always wished to see him to Lave a drop of gin together. (Laughter ) Tlie servant, however, said, " You can't go up yet, tl icy aro not up." Iln said, " Who?" and she replied, " Mistress, and your governor." When the plaintiff came down she said, " You can go up now ; Jemmy wants -to see you." He hod seen' the plaintiff and Mr. Peel in bed hundreds of tiuies to-' gfethen lie used. to prepare their break-; \- fast,. Sometimes they said they_would like h am. and eggs, sometimes kidneys, soiriciim.es a runip-«tnalc, and sometimes a mushroom oooke.l witli it. (Loud laughter.) When I took breakfast up sho used to say, " Charley, will. you have a "toothful," and then witness used to have n hit. (Renewed laughter.) The plaintiff was in tlie habit of getting drunk. They nil used to get, drunk together. (Laughter.) She very often got'drunk. Mr. Peel nnd she were in the habit of quarrelling, and witness liad got between them, and so had Mr. Peck's daughter. - Mr. Peel died on the Gth December, 1859, and the plaintiff got drunk tho night that lie died. They bad in a pint of gin, but she said that the cat had knocked it over. Sho lay down drunk on the mattress, nnd nftcr- wards she got, up and said, " Where is little Jctniuy ?" (Mr. Peel.) Witness said, " Don't make a noise, lie lias been gono (dead) this twenty rniuufcs.J' She asked for soino gin, but witness said it was all gone. Mrs. Cecilia Sheen said she was servant to Mr. Peel from June, 1858, to May, 1859. Mr. Peel was very well then, but he was given to drink. Tlie plaintiff was generally asleep or drunk, and witness did all tlie work. 'I lie plaintiff and Mr. Peel .lived together as riian ilnd wife, and witness used to take their breakfast to tliern in bed. Witness loft to be married, Writ she went back a few days before Mr. Peel's death. The day Mr. Peel died the plaintiff lay on the hearth-rug in front of the fir'o quito drunk, and Mr. Edrhonds, the doctor, had to step over her to get to Mr. Peel Cross-examined : Tlie reason witness .went back was that she was Mr. Peel's natural daughter. There was also i sonic evidence to show that the plaintiff had the management of the deceased's monetary affairs, and fre quently received money oti his account Tho jury found a verdict for trio defen dants. Bound to Australia. — The English arid Italian Opera troupe' have 'arranged to start in tho Achilles for Australia, and the passages have been prepaid by Mr. Lystor. They sail next week. The company consists of Miss Lucy Escott, Miss Rosaline Duraud, Miss Gcorcinn Ilodson, Mr. Henry. Squires, Mr. Fred Lystor, Mr. Frank Frevor, arid the Ern- prcsaria or Director, Mr. W. Lystor — seven in "all. Miss Ada King, Mr. DeTIagn, and Mr. Reiff, the leader, do "not accompany the troupe.. It is the intention of Mr. Lyster to return witli them to California Iiftr-r n tlinc .iinli of - Australia.— - California. Dcc. 23\. .. . A Romantic AdyfIntuue at Rf.a — Captain .Joseph Hossack, the master of tlie ship Cyclops, from China, now lying in the London Docks, appeared to answer a claim for wages made by a black man named Peterson. — Mr. Smith, solicitor, said the complainant shipped ut ilong Kong ns steward, for £5 per month. .In tho, account rendered by the captain, the man's wages were computed at £3 per month only, being a deduction of £2 per month, and there was a further charge of £7 for carpets and mats alleged to have been spoiled by tlie negligence of of tho steward. The complainant was oil board six month's. The captain only computed tho time to be three months and ten days. lie found by an indorse ment on the ship's articles that the steward was supposed to be dead eighteen days, but ho was only absent. Ho be came giddy and unwell, and was in a broad locker" for eighteen days, and was discovered by accident. After ho was discovered lie' was pufT'irWirons for- a" month.— The defendant resisted the claim set up on the ground that the steward was incompetent to do' tho duty for which he shipped, and, in calculating the wages at £3 per month/it was more than bo was worth. On the Sth of September last tlie complainant was at liis duty rit seven in the morning. Half an hour afterwards bo was missed, nnd fearing that ho liad fallen overboard by 'accido'nt be ordered a man to the mast head to look out, the ship was broached to, aud every effort made to find tlie man. Every part of the ship was also searched, but the steward eoul'd'tiot bo discovered. lie concluded tho man was drowned,' and entered him as dead in tlie official log-book. The ship was " chock full " of teas in every part, and lie di(l not_tliink. tbere..was.. a.ppare cor ner where Peterson could have concealed" himself: After eighteen day's had elapsed, the second riiato was "in tho cabin, and stumbled over A rtian's legs in the dark. Ho procured a light, and, to his great horro'r arid dismay, saw the steward under "tho table.- The mate dropped the light from his hand, held on by the table to save himself from falling, arid called out to a man bn'deek, " Bill, Bill, here's the steward's ghost." Bill rusbed down tlie companion, nnd before ho reached the cabin saW the black face of the steward, uttered an exclamation of " Oil, Lord, save me !" rushed back t,o the deck, swooned, nnd fell apparently lifeless oil tho deck. The ghost was hauled upon deck, to the great alarm and consternation of the crew, who took to the rigging to c'capo the blabk spectre. A' Newfoundland dog howled fearfully, jumped overboard, arid wiis drowned. The ghost turned out to i be real flesh nnd blood, .and tho crow, fearing danger from such a roan, insisted on his being pat in irons, and he was kept .in irons for a month/ and then relou'sed. My . wife and children were also dreadfully alarmed when tlicy saw the' dead steward alive again. He said he was in the fore peak among the chains. There was not room enough for a- cat there. Besides, we had re moved tlib chains when he was missed, to satisfy" all' Hands. The chief officor said, "Look at tlio empty bread locker." That was done. There was most un pleasant evidence of tho steward having lodged there. The carpets and mats which I had no use for in aTropical cli mate were completely' spoiled. The effluvia was dreadful, and to prevent fevor arid cholera' iri the ship 1 threw everything that. was in the looker. over- boardj'ond washed out. the locker. -The whole of the things were in a fearful state; For several days before the . steward was discovered, thero was a disagreeable odour in the cabin, and we could not make out what it was. I f.-lt it my duty to disrate the steward, who was very incompetent. — Air. Yaralcy : (low did he live during the eighteen days? — Capt. Hossack : Ho camo into my cabin while we "were on deck. He ale the preserved moats or anything be eould get at. The chief officer missed his preserved ginger, but we never sus pected the dead steward. — The com plainant, a tall, powerful negro; said iiis head wns out of the way, and he laid down in the bread locker, and did not come to himself for three or four days. — Mr. Yardley A man who" could conduct himself in this singular manner is not deserving of wages. Tho sum mons was dismissed How to G et Rid' oe a Disagreeable Lover.— A young widow, who resides in Marysvillo, is pestered with suitors. ,Ono washing da'y one of tliciri came along. She was up to her elbows in suds, nnd opened tlie.door with a determination to say something harsh; but she thought better of it, and said to- the young man, "Good hiOrnina, I-ani very glad to see you, and should bo glad to have you come in, but the fact is, I am busy in tho kitchen, washing." " Ah, no matter," he answered ; " I will sit a little while in there; you can just go on with your, work tho same; I delight to get into the kitchen, it is so pleasant aud hoihclike." Tho. 'widow gave liiin a chair, and chatted away quite merrily. Presently she took lip a large-sized wrisli-bason and filled it full of hot suds from the boiler .on the stove, and, stepping to 'the table, took up a bouquet that was laying there on, and, in tlie riiost innocent manner conceivable, asked the gentleman if lib could tell the botanical name of one of the flowers contained therein. Of course he rose from tlio chair and stepped for ward to examine it. The malicious woihnn adroitly set down the basin on tho vacated seat. Then she rivettod his gaze with one of her sweetest smiles; and presented to him the bouquet/and begged lie would keep it for her sake— and hade him resnino liis seat. He obeyed! That widow has not had a caller iri her kitchen since. A "bumptious" traveller, overtaking an old, Presbyterian minister, whoso nag was much fatigued, quizzed tlio old gen tleman upon his " turn out."—" A nice horse, yours, doctor! very- — valuable beast, that — but what makes liiiri wag his tail so, doctor ?" — " Why, as you have asked rile, I will tell you. It is for the same reason that your tongue wags so— a sort of natural weakness." 