THE VOLUNTEER PARADE AT EAST MAITLAND. It was with no small amount of misgiving that #t viewed the unfavourable aspect of the weather on Monday ? morning. Tlie sultriness of the ntmosphere foreshadowed I a closcand oppressive afternoon, or, in the event of a Cbwsi! ' I of wind, a smart gale, with the probable adjunct of a' Im* ' fall of rain. Either event was to be loeked upon with. anything but a pleasing anticipation by those whose dntt it was to take part in the afternoon's proceedings. Arrtage. ments had been made for the volunteers t» attend thiSr! v gade adjutant's inspecting parade, at East Maitland, M..' special irain, 10 siari ai z.iii p.m. snarp, Had been provided for their accommodation. Nothing daunted by skyeyFin. Jluences, the artillery corps and the riflea marched toithe railway station, in tolerable numbers,— the former cojmi; however, notwithstanding the double fact that it was a n»e piece of courtesy on their part, and that their nominal Ml was by no means so strong as the others, outnumbering their comrades. The rifles were under the command pf captain Bolton, and were 35 strong, including their can.' tain, the non- commissioned officers, and four bandsmen attached to the artillery band. The artillery were Vt in number, and with captain M'Fherson and lieutenant Holt and fifteen of the band, the corps mustered 41. The wholi number of Newcastle volunteers, therefore, was 76. Kp difficulty was] found in finding room for all in the train. and several carriages were detached at the Honeysuckle Point station. Hut very few besides the volunteers availed themselves of the opportunity of travelling by the speciil train. Between the terminus and Honeysuckle Point, the band played 'Cheer boys, cheer,' and the invigorating tones were heaitily responded to by large numbers of per. sons who were watching the departure. Between Newcastle and Maitland there is not much to attract attention, tlik scenery being decidedly of Australian— Australiey, gurt trees and scrub being the prevailing characteristics, with * few open spots, cultivated and uncultivated, here and there, and just serving as n contrast to the bush-lifte appearance of the remainder. The dust of Maitland was visible ere the township was reached, mid this was an additional cauu of del if;)) t, when added to the extreme salubrity of the air. The whole journey was accomplished in forty minutci, the only stoppage having been nt Ilexham. On arrival at' the ICast Maitland station— the destination of the train-j-, the volunteers having alighted, were formed in columa, and, preceded by the hand, inarched toward the parade'' ground. It had been understood that the scene of opera tion was to have Iron in a paddock belonging to Mr. At kinson, of the Metropolitan, but whatever might have been the reasons that could have prompted the selection, the choice of Mr. Adams' paddock was decidedly preferable It lUfie r\ eilliinnt nf* lnlinil attt-n*-ian flint tinna nf llm !...) E volunteers were present to receive their Newcaitle com., ' rades, but the explanation we heard assigned was, that our; men had gone, not by invitation of the Mnitlanders, but1 by direction of the brigade adjutant. Should captain' Laver, on some future occasion, fix upon Newcastle as tho! field fur manoeuvres, we trust that the Maitland corps may lie met with some mark of respect on arrival, and that their; reception may not be lelt to a number of noisy young urchins, whose prcsenco in close proximity to the corps) might very well be dispensed with. Adams' paddock was reached nt length, and arms were piled, pending the arrival I of other detachments. At about half-past three, the West I Maiilunders, with their hand ami colours, made theii.jp. pearance, nnd about a quarter of an hour later, the dark green uniforms of the Morpcth rifles were descried, heralded not by an advance guard of cavalry, but by a cloud of dust. The several corps then took up their posi tions, the ground having been marked out by the camp colours. The artillery, who had only their side arms, took the extreme right \ next were the Morpeth rifles, fifty- five in number ; then the West Maitland corps, eighty-five strong, who were formed in two companies, and on the left, the Newcastle rifles. The whole force on the ground was 211}. Some time was taken up in proving the companies, .' after which they marched past the saluting flag in slow ahdlf quick time. Both the marching and wheeling was tolc.L' raltly well done, and by those who had viewed the satntw-. men on previous occasions, was stated to be a coiisidi'rabltjr improvement. The Newcastle artillery, however, in onm opinion, bore the palm from all the others. Both as regtrdifc ' the appenrance of the men, and the excellence of their pet-* formancc, they attracted the most attention amongst the i spectators, and we heard very flattering comments be. stowed upon them, especially by the fair dames and demoi- | sellcs of Maitland. The various evolutions of wheeling by ? .. !? » » ? _ .. t _ ._.'.. _ , ? _*? ? !..»»?» ? ,.__!?_ 1 suouivisiuus auu sections^ column ui guouivisiuiib wnmiug - into line, changing direction, advancing in line, having betS , gone through, the companies formed close column of sec, - tions and squares, preparing to receive cavalry. Ori* ' square from all tho companies was also formed. At si£ 'g o'clock the manoeuvres were brought to a close, and reej n freshnients provided by tho Bast Maitland volunteers, werM partaken of. Tho companies then broke off, three cliccr« ? being given for captain Lavcr, at the call of captain V din. The Newcastlcitcs were then escorted to the train by I, the ICast Maitlanders, the rain at the same time beginning} _ to pour down. About five minutes past seven, Mr. Ueestonj I having considerately delayed the departure of the train for F that tune, for the benefit of tiny stragglers, the convoy, ¥? started and rcacl'erl the terminus at ten minutes to eight, gi The artillery and rifles then formed column, and; preceded M by the band playing, marched up Watt-street, and dovrt 1,, Hunter-street, as far as the police office, in front of whicl Vi the order to dismiss was given, and wclcoincly obeyed. ,_ The number of spectators on the ground in the afternoon ,' was not very large, but, doubtless, the unpropitiousness ol |fti the weather may be held accountable for that. All who were present, however, and amongst them were many ladies, appeared to take a deep and certainly a warm interest in the proceedings. Dr. Dick, of the 12th regiment, was on the field. We were nearly forgetting to allude to one of the spectators, who, we may say, was the observed of all observers. Attired in the old undress uniform of the line, with blue frock coat, gilt scales and crimson sash, tho gal lalit gentleman, whose silver locks might have told of pt- ninsular glories, was a source, of the greatest curiosity Visitors Irom Newcastle naturally supposed him to be long to Maitland, and wero therefore surprised upoi enquiry from somo of the guardians of tho peaco w that locality, at being told that he was a doctor hill ing from Newcastle. One facetious individual suj gestcd that it was the ghost of Sir Charles Napier, W as our acquaintance with spirit-rapping has not led ui tf believe iti siu:h open-air resuscitations wo were rather jj credulous. Towmu :'?. close of the day, it was rumoun that Colonel Brown was the name of « ?„? woarer of t! scales, hut who Colonel Brown was, was more than oiiyoi could say. For ourselves, after making every enquiry, v arrived at the conclusion that the man of mystery, wnois not a soul on tho ground waB ever seen to speak to.—excep one Newcastle artilleryman, and ha was not to bo foum subsequently, having apparently been spirited away,— w» no other than the same party who puzzled to such an ex lent mo imagination oi ouiu uuua, ?»??» ????- ?— , handed down to posterity by that wiso American, under tli title of the ' Great Unknown.' , . Everything considered, the meet was a success, and » sincerely nopo that it may merely be the procunor n similar meetings in future. Besides being highly e»WV lated to excite « wholesome spirit of emulation, they ** ,lg by bringing men together in large numbers, havo me tie . ^ of manifoldly increasing their Itnowlcdgo with respec j|.ta movements iu masses, and thereby add greatly to IB n. IA efficiency. ? j it 