MTRfiRT.TiANlBOPS EXTRACTS, | Ax Unfortunatb Nose.—Oh the 11th weTrnltWff-Minsk, nftcr"tbe Dufce had given a breakfast, and his officer* a dance, which was attended!)? about twenty Polish ladies, "two or three of them raj pretty. It was a frost of 20 degrees, and a tray cutting wind. I went in a traineau for the first ten wersts, and my nose from ones, but not to a serious degree; timely observa tion of General Boll restored circulation. The coachman's cheek was more severely nipped, bat he quickly regained its colour by sharp rubbing. After the first ten wersts I attempted to ride; but I had scarcely gone a werst before a Bussian carter roared out to me to stop, and made the most anxionfi" signs to me to dismount I had no sooner done so than he filled his hands with snow, and rubbed my face vio lently. I followed his efforts, bnt the frost had ' so deadened the nose and right cheek that very little effect was perceptible for some rime, and the carter actually moaned over me as if I was his own child. At length I felt the blood return, and with' much pain. It was impossible for me to brave the inclement air any more for that day, and I got into | a calash that was passing. In five wersts the calash ! broke down. I then put myself into a one- horse i traineau, carrying wine and provisions in boxes to General Termansow. In four wersts the train overset, and I hurt myself sensibly for the time by . falling on a pocket pistol which I carry in my over dress. For fifteen wersts I went on again very wretched, hut carefully rubbing my nasc from time to time, and covering it from the wind as much as I could; but it was more exposed than other noses, as I wear only a general's cap without any shade. Daring my progress the carter's nose twice froze in splotches as big as half-a-crown, and we made a compact to regard each other every five minutes. At the end of 20 wersts I got into a better traineau, in which a stranger vfas passing, and in five wersts more reached Volojin, where our head-quarters were; bnt, on ascending the hill on foot, a grenadier stopped me to tell me that my nose was again frozen. I really was quite miser able; rough destiny , had resolved to make me a martyr, for there would be no living without a nose. I hastened to General Termansow; as soon as I entered he told me that my chcvk was frozen, and congratulated me on the pre servation of my nose, which showed the effects of its congelation. A warm room soon broke the skin, and inflammation succeeded morbidity. This morning one side was scaled as if I had been burnt, and the rigidity of the skin was so great that it felt as if it was a piece of dried and distended flesh. This uncomfortable sensation has somewhat passed, but it will be several days before I can show my face again with any satisfaction. I had not myself seen it for many weeks until this morning, and I was quite frightened and disgusted. Bos vine's distorting-glass never presented such outri proportions. The accident has made me think very seriously, and I am of opinion that glory without a nose can never be "a gay seducer," so war in this climate is too perilous for voluntary service. Truly the service is rude beyond all parallel, and certainly no money can indemnify for the injury that health must sustain from such a season, such privations, and such endurance.—Diary of Oeneral Sir Robert Wilton, C.M.T. Physical Geography of the Sea.— At a recent meeting of the Royal Geographic d Society, which was very crowded. Captain Maury, of the united States Navy, spoke on the "Physical Geography of the Sea, more particularly in con — with the Climatology, &c.;, of the Ai * " ~ nection with the Climatology, &c.;, of the Antarctic Begions." He commenced by noticing the Nautical Congress at Brussels in 1853, at which a system of observations was determined on by the representa tives of England, the United States, Holland, France, and Russia; and, in accordance with that plan, instructions were given to the commanders of the ships of those nations to make observations in all latitudes. The result has been the collection of upwards of LOOO.OOO observations on the currents of tue ocean, the direction of the winds, the tem perature, the height of the barometer, and other meteorological phenomena, the whole of which Captain Maury undertook to discuss, and some of the results of which he described. He stated that in pursuing the investigation of the physical geo graphy of the sea the enquirer is led into the exa mination of phenomena connected with various sciences which he must pursue to arrive at satisfac tory conclusions. The points to which he especially drew the attention of the meeting were the direc tions and variations of the trade winds north and south of the equator, and the difference in the temperature ana in the height of the barometer. Taking bands of latitude 5* wide from the equator he found that on the south the direction of the wind in the bands nearest the equator was more southerly than in the bands more remote, until, on arriving at south latitude, between 30° and 40°, the wind during exactly half the year was southerly, and for the other half northerly. The much larger portion of water in the southern hemisphere is sufficient to account for its wanner temperature, and Captain Maury supposes the effect to be produced by the greater fall of rain observed in tne south. On the coast of Patagonia the annual fall of rain, if estimated from the ob served fail during 41 days, must he nearly 12 feet, instead of two feet, as in the neighbourhood of London; and this great condensation of the vapour, he assumes, causes it to part with its latent heat and warm the atmosphere. The lon er state of the barometer in the southern hemisphere lie did nut attempt to explain, but contented nim self with mentioning the fact that the average of a vast number of observations shows that the mean height of the barometer is half an inch less than north of the equator. Beyond 50° S. the wind blows generally towards the pole, and this regular current of air Captain Maury attributes to the comparative heat of the Antarctic regions. Another curious fact is, that the wind is much stronger in the south of tlic equator than on the north. The frequent appearance of large icebergs in the Antarctic seas indicates tliat there must be land there, fur icebergs are never formal at sea; and he called on the Royal Geographical Society to promote explorations to the south pole, which might open important resources. He said that the region to be explored—of which we now know no more tlian of the moon—is only ten days steam from Australia, and if this country did not shortly under take to investigate the hidden treasures of the Antarctic circle, the United, gtates weald "go ahead." Tiger Chase by Baboons.—The fol lowing account of a tiger chase is extracted from the North Lincoln Sphsrnx, a regimental paper, published at Graliam r To to. The writer, after alluding to his sporting experience of all kinds, and in all quarters of the globe, declares that he never witnessed anything so novel or intensely exciting as that about to be described" Not long ago I spent a few days at Fort Brown, a small military post on the banks of the Great Fish River where my friend W. was stationed. One evening, as my friend and I were returning home after a somewhat fatiguing day's buck-shooting, we were startled by hearing the most extraordinary noises not far from us. It seemed as if all the demons in the infernal regions bad been unchained, and were amusing themselves by trying to frighten us poor mortals by their horrid yelling. We stood in breathless expectation, not knowing what could possibly lie the cause of this dia bolical row, with all sorts of strange con jectures flashing across our minds. Nearer and nearer the yelling and screeching approached, and presently the cause became risible to our astonished eyes. Some 300 or -400 yards to our right, on the brow of a small hill, a spotted leopard (commonly called in this country a tiger, though much smaller than the lord of the Indian jungles) came in view, bounding along with all the speed and energy of despair, while close behind him followed an enormous pack of baboons, from whose throats proceeded the demoniacal sounds that had a few seconds before so startled us. Our excitement in the chase, as you may suppose, was intense. On went the tiger, making for the river, the baboons following like avenging demons, and evidently gaining ground upon their nearly exhausted foe, though their exulting yells seemed each moment to increase his "terror and his speed. They reached the stream, the tiger still a few yards in advance, and with a tremendous bound lie cast himself into its muddy waters, and made for the opposite bank. The next moment his pursuers, in admirable confusion, were strug gling after him, and as the tiger, now fearfully cxhausted, clambered up tbe land again, the largest and strongest of the baboons was close at his heels, though many of the pack (the old, the very young, and the weakly) were still struggling in the water. In a few moments all had passed from our sight behind the brow of the opposite bank; but j their increased yelling, now stationary behind the hill, told us that the tiger liad met his doom, and tliat their strong arms and jaws were tearing liint limb from limb. As the evening was far advanced, and we were still some miles from home, wc did not cross the river to be in at the death; but next morning a few bones and scattered fragments of [ flesh and skin showed what had been the tiger's fate. On our return home wc were told by some Butch gentlemen that such hunts arc not uncom mon when a tiger is rash enough to attack the young baboons, which often happens. All these creatures for miles around assemble anil pursue their enemy with relentless fury to his death. Sometimes the chase lasts for days—but it invari ably closes with the destruction of the tiger—a striking instance that the ideaof retributive justice is not confined to man alone. ' An Englishman's Ghost.—Near Su viscshapuram (the town of the <>ospcl) is a lofty red sandhill, whicli, at the beginning of this cen tury, was chosen as a first station for the trigono mcters' survey of Soutli India. About a mile or two distant from this station is an invctcratolv heathen town called lllamully, abounding with pey-coils or devil-houses, the largest of these, at least the largest of the altars in these, being dcui cated to a pcy called Pooley-Saliih. He is the favourite, t".e., the most dreaded deity of the place, is hymned in a lengthy poem of some merit of which the translation of a great part was read to me, and is attempted to lie appeased bv offerings of mutton, arrack, and cheroots. And whom do you imagine this' mysterious personage to be? You will lie as much astonished as I was to learn that lie is nothing more nor less than the spirit of an English officer, of the name of Pole, or Powell, or some other similar name, metamorphosed by the Hindoos into Poolcy, who was killed in 1809, at the taking of the Arambooly lines, and carried back to the station on the hill to he buried. Having met with a vio lent death, liis ghost was supposed to be the cause of all the sicknesses of man and beast ill the neigh bourhood. A man could not get the headache in a walk past the grave but the Englishman's spirit was taxed as the author of it. The senseless Illa mullcvites at length sent on invitation inviting the spirit to their town, bribing it with the offer of a larger altar than any that liad been erected there, promised offerings such as tliey shrewdly imagined would be most grateful to an English officer's ghost, and provided, I suppose, a native poet to prepare a hymn to be sung on peculiarly solemn occasions. This hymn speaks of Pooley-Saliib as one of the greatest of heroes, and the conqueror of Madura, Tuinellcv, Ac.; describes the attempts of . his wife (a seeond Andromache) to dissuade him I from the fatal fight; speaks of his power since death to inspire men with madness and to slay with a blow or a breath whole herds of cattle.— Front a Memoir of the Iter. Thnmat Gajc'an Jtaoland, J}.D. By the Iter. Thomasm Pcrotcnc, B.b. A Poisoner.—At Galatz we waited on the commandant, who conducted us to tlic citadel, where we viewed the fortifications, entrenched camp, &c.; The citadel is formed out of a solid rock, which rises loftily above the town, and pre sents a noble feature of strength and majesty, in contrast with the surrounding scenery of middle character. In one of the casemates wc visited the celebrated Madame Orsinew, who admits that she eudeavourcd to poison her servant twice that she might know the effect before the took a dose to terminate her grief for her husband's death. She, however, was suspected, not only of poisomnghim and her uncle, but various others: and one night she was suddenly arrested and taken to her has- j band's grave, and there told that if she did not confess the body would be taken up and examined. She persevered in denial; the grove ves opened, and in her presence, befmejicr eves, the winding aheet'wu ondaipcd from the mouldering re mains; and, although two years had elapsed ■since- the • Jtceut, ■ the wngeon believed that he perceived the proofs of poison , in the bones. Her own apparatus for death could not have presented to her so terrible a spectacle. Bat as the surgeon would not swear, andthe servant did not die, she was condemned to peipetual im pruomnent, and here she had been 10 long yearn. She is yet only 50 years of age, and seems in perfect health. I looked about to see if there was any score of yean, months, weeks, days, hours, minutes—any note of weary time. I found only some books, and was told that she had composed a system of education. This woman bad OHcC possessed, fortune, and all the advantages that society, accomplishments, and a cultivated mind could bestow. What a dreadful change 1 Her countenance was masculine, but her maimer was that of one who had learned to bow to misfortune, and who had known little indulgence in the course of it. We endeavoured to prevail on the governor to allow her a little plot of ground for a garden, as she had inyilored permission to walk once again where her feet might press verdure; but I do not think we obtained our entreaty. Her criminality has been very great; but 10 years is a very long period of^correction.—Diary cf Oeneral Sir Robert The Life our Coals Cost Us.—The London Review for 23rd February states that re cently published returns bring out the fact that nearly two lives a day are sacrificed through neglect on the part of those to whom the manage ment of our collieries is committed. All these deaths (it adds) are attributable either to the im perfect setting of "props and sprags" to support the roof in the workings; to defects in the shafts, m the ropes, chains, or winding machinery; to carelessness on the part of the men in charge at the surface, or to injudicious arrangements in laying out the colliery. From falls of roof alone the In spector for the Manchester District states the de struction of life is at the "rate of more than one life lost every day, including Sundays;" and the In spector for the Glasgow District, making his com putation in another manner, affirms that "one person is killed by falls in Great Britain for each 169,309 tons of coal raised.1' Witty, it not True.—An old author, ( who wrote when our great grandfathers were boys, says:—" Womankind are carried away with every thing that is showy, and with wliat delights the eye more than other species of living creature whatsoever." He then illustrates his theory by the following laughable anecdote:—Mrs. Margery Bickerstaff, my great aunt (says our old author), had a thousand pounds to her portion, which our family were desirous of keeping among themselves, and therefore used all possible means to turn off her thoughts from marriage. The method they took was in any time of danger to throw a new gown or petticoat in her way. When she was about 25 years of age she fell in love with a man of an agreeable temper and equal fortune, and would certainly have married him had not my grand father, Sir Jacob, dressed her up in a suit of flowered satin, upon which she set so immoderate a value upon lierself tliat the lover was contemned and discarded. In the 40th year of her age she was again smitten, but very luckily transferred her passion to a tipped which was presented to her by another relation who was in the plot. This, with a white sarsanet hood, kept her safe in .the family until 50. About 60, which generally produces a kind of latter spring in amorous constitutions, mv aunt Margery had again a colt's tooth in her head, and would certainly liave eloped from the mansion house had not her brother Simon, who was a wise man and a scholar, advised to dress her in cherry coloured ribbons, which was the only expedient which could have been found out by the wit of man to preserve the thousand pounds in our fa mily, part of which I enjoy at tins time. The Advent of Russia.—To the polished nations of Western Europe, the empire which he (Peter the Great) governed had till then been what Bokhara or Siam is to us. That empire, indeed, though less extensive than at present, was the most extensive that had ever obeyed a single chief. The dominions of Alexander and of Trajan were small when compared with the immense area of the Scythian desert. But in the estimation of statesmen, that boundless expanse of larch forest and morass, where the suow lay deep during eight months of every year, and where a wretched pea santry could with difficulty defend their hovels against troops of famished wolves, was of less account than the two or three square miles into which'were crowded the counting-houses, the ware houses, and the innumerable masts of Amsterdam. On the Baltic, Bussia had not then a single port. Her maritime trade with the other nations of Christendom was entirely carried on at Arch angel, a place which had been created and was supported by adventurers from our wland. In the days of the Tndors, a ship from England seeking a north-east passage to the land of silk and spice had discovered the White Sea. The barbarians who dwelt on the shores of that dreary gulf had never before seen such a portend as a vessel of 160 tons burden. They fled in terror; and, when they were pursued and over taken, prostrated themselves before the chief of the strangers and kissed his feet. He succeeded in opening a friendly communication with them; and from that time there had been a regular com mercial intercourse between our country and the subjects of the Czar. A Kussian Company was incorporated in London. An English factory was built at Archangel. The factory was, indeed, even in the latter part of the seventeenth century, a rude aud mean building. The walls consisted of trees laid one upon another, and tile roof was of birch bark. Tliis shelter, however, was sufficient in the long summer day of the Arctic regions. Hegularly at that season several English ships cast anchor in the bay. A fair was held on the baach. Traders came from a distance of many hundreds of miles to the only mart where they could exchange hemp and tar, hides and tallow, wax and honey, the fur of the sable and the wolverine, and the roe of the sturgeon of the Volga, for Manchester stuffs, Sheffield knives. Birmingham buttons, sugar from Jamaica, and pepper from Malabar. The commerce in these articles was open; but there was a secrgt traffic ■which was not less active or less lucrative' though the Bussian laws had made it punishably and though the Russian divines pronounced it damn able. In general the mandates of princes and the lessons of priests were received by the Muscovite with profound reverence; Dut the authority of his princes and of his priests united eould not keep liim from tobacco. Pipes he could not obtain; but a cow's horn perforated served his turn. From every Archangel fair rolls of the best Virginia speedily found their way to Novgorod and Tobolsk.—History of England, from the Accession of James the Second. By Lord Macaulay. The Camp at Tilbury.—It was idle to repeat the names of great battles won, in the mid dle ages, by men who did not make war their chief calling; those battles proved only that one militia might beat another, and not that a militia could beat a regular army. As idle was it to declaim about the camp at Tilbury. We bad, indeed, rea son to be proud of the spirit which all classes of Englishmen, gentlemen and yeomen, peasants and burgesses, had so signally displayed in the great crisis of 15118. Hut we had also reason to he thank ful that, with all their spirit, they were not brought face to face witli the Spanish battalions. - Somcrs related an anecdote, well worthy to be remem bered, which had been preserved by tradition in the noble house of De Vere. One of the most illustrious men of that bouse, a captain who bad acquired much experience and much fame in the Netherlands, had, in the crisis of peril, been sum- i moned back to England by Elizabeth, and rode with her tlirougli tlic endless ranks of shouting pikemen. She asked him what he thought of the army. "It is," lie said, "a brave army." There was something iu his tone or manner which showed that he meant more than his words expressed. ; TheQucen insisted on liis speaking out. "Madam," lie said, "your Grace's army is orave indeed. I have not in the world the name of a coward, and yet I am the [greatest coward here. All these fine fellows are praying that the enemy may land, and that there may be a battle; and I, who know that enemy well, cannot think of such a battle without dismay." Dc Vere was, doubtless in the right. The Duke of Parma, indeed, would not have sub jected our country; but it is by no means impro bable that if be had effected a lauding, the island would have been the theatre of a war greatly re- | scnibling that which Hannibal waged in Italy, and that the invaders would not have been driven out till many cities had been sacked, till many coun ties had" been wasted, and till multitudes of our slout-licarted rustics and artisans had perished in the carnage of days not less terrible than those of Tlirasvmcne and Canine. While the pamplilcts of Trciichard and Somers were in every hand, the Parliament met.—History of England from the Accession of James II. By Lord Macaulay. Fish rx a. Fricht.—-When the shoal is in biting humour no time is lost; meals arc hastily eaten or altogether neglected; even the cook sometimes renounces his ladle and sauce pans, alidicates the gallcv, and joins in the general onslaught. And it is well to woo them wlule the}' arc in the vein, for at any moment a shoal is liable to "flash'' out of sight to be seen no more. Various causes arc assigned for this sudden disap pearance. The most reasonable one is fright at the approach of some larger fish who prey upon the smaller fir. This is particular}- the case with herring. A few days later we passed a shoal of these fish swarming upon the surface. Thousands leaped out of the water, and the whole mass seemed in the greatest distress. Attempting to swim downward they were met by the frightened crowds Inflow, and the water was agitated into a whirl of foam in their frantic efforts to escape from some threatened danger. The cause of all this disturbance soon became ap parent. Up through the thickest part of the mass appeared the head of a humpbacked whale with jaws wide apart, while into his cavernous mouth were drawn, as if by magic, whole barrclfuls of living herring. But porpoises and sharks are even more destructive enemies of the herring. This Iiabit of the humpback and black-fish is a contradiction of the commonly-received state ment that the wlialc's throat will only admit squid and floating marine matter known as "whale feed." The mammoth of the deep is no exception to the rule"that the strong and great prey upon the weak and small. The right wliale, indeed, may be said to live by suction; out the sperm whale and humpback by no means confine their diet to such spoon victuals.—" Fishing Adrcniurcs an the Alrrc fouKdland Banks,''' in Harper's New Atamhly Alaaazine. Neglected Duty.—No man lias any right to manage his affairs in such a way that lus sudden death would bring burdens and tosses on other people. There may be rare cases where a man really cannot help entanglements, or where, from inexperience and lack of judgment, he lias brought lus aflairs into such a state that the interest of others depends upon his life; hut he should make all possible liaste to extricate himself from such a position. Honour and hoDestv demand tliat he should so conduct liis business tliat his death should cause no one to be wronged. And as to dying, although all men everywhere believe that all other men will surely die, yet they unite in thinking that tlicy themselves are excep tions to this rule, or, at least, they act as if thev thought so; this is radically wrong. It is every man's duty in every transaction in his life to be influenced by the fact tliat at any day or at any hour he may die. "Throw Physic to the Dogs."—It is stated that Dr. O. W. Holme < delivered an address before the Massachusetts Medical Society- last "Wednesday, in which he declared, in plain lan guage, that mankind had been dragged to death; tliat whatever would injure a well mail would in jure a sick one; and that the world would be better off if the contents of every apothecary's shop were emptied into the sea, though the consequences to the fishes would be lamentable. A long discussion was held on the propriety of publishing the ad-1 dress, though it was finally voted by the small ma- J jority of nine to give it to the public; but with a 1 notification on the first page that the Society were not responsible lor the sentiments 3t contained! 1 Tribune. 