BRISBANE. [From Our Own Correspondent.] Tuesday Afternoon, Oct. 29. The Port Curtis Election—The Impe- rial Act—The Vice-Regal Tour— Lady Bowen's Return From Sydney— The Colonial Treasurer Before His Constituency—Death of A. N. Lyon— The Chinese Alderman of Mary- Borough—Steam to Adelaide—New Coal Seam Opened—Ivenagh Copper Company—Mysterious Death—Open- ing of the Local Exhibition—The Electric Telegraph, &c.; HITHERTO, Mr. Alfred Sandeman's claims to public notoriety, or public considera- tion, have chiefly rested on the fact that that he is the son of his mother—the brother of his brother, or the cousin of bis cousin,—for I'm told that Gordon only signs himself " Afft. cos." after all,— but he (Alfred) may now, thanks to the anti-Walshite clique and government flunkey of your region, write himself M.P. I believe, if my memory serve me right, that he did once have the honour of being talked about as a proba- ble candidate for the Downs, when that constituency, in conjunction with the Clarence district, sent a solitary repre- sentative to parliament ; but I don't re- collect that it went beyond talk, or that, the electors were particularly sorry for it. Well, the job is over ; and you Rockhampton folks have been and gone and went and done it ; so that there is very little use in growling out regrets. It could hardly be wondered at that Walsh met with such little support, seeing that he was so unfortunately situ- ated as neither to be able to put in ap- pearance, nor to publish an address ; and I was very much surprised to find him within a dozen votes of his more success- fill opponent. The election cannot Barely have excited mach interest in your town, when only 76 votes were recorded altogether ont of the 270 odd voters who qualify OD yonr side of the electorate. Either WaUh had a very poor committee. or eke they were not ap to their work, and wanted zeal aa well as discretion. It teems curious to me that tis opponents should have nsed his absence and uu known character (to the Rockhampton people at lead) as arguments against him, when the very same objections might have been urged with equal force against their own man. Poor Walsh ! When next again he tries to win, May he successful be. The act of the Imperial Parliament, fox legalising the acts and constitution of the Queensland legislature,-of which the bnugling Order in Council, and the bungling of Sir Alfred Stephen in in- terpreting that Order,-made such a confounded botch,-arrived by the la-it mail from England. The act contains six danses only, and refers as much to colonies of the future and present as to oar own: Its provisions may be briefly summarised thus : -South Australia is bave thc strip of " no man's land" on her western boundary,-which lies between ber and Western Australia,-which has never been properly attached to any colony before,-but which New South Wak», with characteristic greediness, has claimed us belonging to her. (2) The Queen is empowered to annex to any ex- isting colony any territory which pre «ions statutes gave her the right to erect into a separate colony ; the Clarence and Bichmond to Queensland, for instance. (Won't Sydney legislators like that?) (8) This clause makes everything square with regard to the acts of our legislature, jost as if the Order in Council had been .Altogether 0. K. ; but nothing is said «bout the resto ration of the franchise to those who were deprived of it by the provisions of the Order. (4.) This is a very bad clause, and one which rebels against sound constitutional principles. It provides for the repeal of that pnrt of the Constitution Act of 1855 which re- quired that, in the event of a partition oí tenitory taking place, the new colony -sbuold carry with it the laws in force in the colony from which it was séparai ed. (8) By this clause the power of altering and Aiijofcting boundaries is, strange tc any, handed o vor to the Governors and Executive Coat«cik of the eontiiraout colonies, and after they bave settled mat- j tera, the Queen has to approve or disap- ! prove, as she may think fit. The local ! legislatures of the respective col mies are left ont of consideration altogether, and I suppose there will be all sorts of pro- tests made if the clause should ever be made nae of. (6) Here we have the hash of the colonies of posterity settled with regard to the "apportionment of the debt," aa it is facetiously termed by oar New Sooth Wales friends-who pretend they know we owe them a few hundred thousands, but who nevertheless are very backward tn coming to the scratch for a settlement. When auother Australian colony is created, the governors of tit« «U and new respectively shall each ap- point a commissioner, aud the Queen wül appoint a third, who shall be wholly noon acct cd with either colony. The derision of these commissioners is to be bold final and Medo-Persian, and it won't be a bit of good for parliamentary gen- tlemen of the Cribb or Buchanan school to denounce the result of their labours. Tba danae lastly provides for the non deprcciation of the security of the public creditor by any sn cb séparation ; ao that if one colony goes into the Laaolveat Court, be can come down on the other ; -* very dosent and agreeable arrange- ment this would be for ns, would it not 1 Now I have given yoa the substance of (be act in as email a compass as possible, «sd if any of your leaders are iu doubt as to tb* correetaesa of tay Interprétât io*, «bey can read tba doctuueat through for tbtinsrlyea, and aalouwc, is tb« pages of the Omvtrnmutt Omma*. His Excellency bas retornad to Brie bam bom bis ufficial toar through tho Dor'-wo* and by nor* rliatricta, sad cer- tainly appears to have besa titilla tad to aa extent which moat have pot him OB remarkably good lenna willi himself. At Gayndah there «M a very tall kind of reception got up. and tilt.' proiile of that town anern to have beon " wholly given to idolatry"* for a week or e of adoration being thc gubernatorial ! pcritoii, the lank iorm of our canny Treasurer, together willi Baron OK, Terp \- «chore, and a few oth _ j There was an address->f the compmà ¡ tion nf which the less siud thc better ; a levee-at which all Gayndah was pre «t:t<*d ; a dinner-of Course -at which I Sir George made ti speech, «nd only one» j mentioned thc Gulf of Carpeutaaiia ; and a ball, at which everybody was er ! cetüively jolly, but about «hieb. Th« "ghostof Ban Ban" . That terrible mon nobody believes him to fie a ghost, you know-tells Borne very queer stories, ! vide his lucubrations in the 3faryb>jrotu/h j Chrvnide. At Dalby it was almost the j esme thing over again-even to the j questionable English «f the address, I barring that there was no hall, and that I a breakfast was substituted for a dinner. On his way home, Dis Excellency passed through Toowoomba, and was present at the Lecture on Japan delivered by King Arthur, at the termination of which he (Sir George) complimented the Too woombianH ou their manifest progress, and promised to deliver a lecture in their institution next time he came their way. Sir George returned to town on Friday morning last. Lady B >wen arrived from Sydney by the Telegraph on Thursday, and is re- ported to have been much delighted with her trip. While witnessing a re- view of volunteers in Sydney, her lady- ship had a very narrow escape. The horse she was riding-an old racer -took fright at the waving of the fl iga, and bolled away with her at a terrille pace ; but her ladyship displayed first- rate equestrian skill, and managed to pull the beast np alter a hard gallop, and not without some flight tn herself. 1 told you previously thal Mr. Mac kenzie, the Colonial Treasurer, took ad- vantage of the Governors visit to Gayndah, in order to slip into the good graces of his somewhat refractory con- stituents under the shadow of the vice- regal wing. While there, he of coure delivered an address to his supporters, and it contained about the average am -ont of asininity and old-womaniam of a Mackeuzian oration. He floundered about among a variety of subjects, and naturally made himself appear supremely ridiculuos with regard to one or two pointe. He abo wed his love for the press by averring that, since the eta <>f separation, it had become dreadfully licentious, and had often made attempt* to "bring the win ile col»uy into con- tempt." This asserti> m was about as false ss it was ridiculous, ami I guess it would take a great many <>f Mackenzie s hits to cause anything but a smile. In referring to the Judge, he made just such a bangle as might have been ex- pected of him. He said the Judge rniiibt be n " good lawyer and a 6ound judge," but he was " utterly devoiJ both of common-sense and discretion." None but an owl would have uttered such non- sense as this, for what is the inference deducible from the remark ? That com- mon-sense is not among the qualifica- tions of either a good lawyer or a sound ju Ige! Very complimentary to the bar, truly ; but they will readily excuse it, no doubt, knouing from whom the sentence emanated. The speeches of cabinet ministers when on provincial tours or at public dinners are generally regarded as of much importance, and as conveying information of government in tentious; but nobody will hope for much from R. R. M., and nobody, therefore, will be disappointed. I must not omit to mention the death of Mr. A. S. Lyon, the " father of the pres6 " of Queensland. This gentleman, who has been for many years past suffer- ing from m accumulation of diseases, died on Tuesday last, at Cleveland, in die forty-fourth year of his age, and hi> remains were interned in the Church of England cemetery at Brisbane ou Satur- day afternoon last. Mr. Lyon estab- lished the Courier in 1846 the Free Pren in 1850, the Xorih Australian in 1855, and the ¿tarling Haunts Gaxel e ia 1853, as I and by the article which ap- peared in the first-named patter, record- ing his death, and {riving some liograpi cal particulars. Mt Lyon had not beeu connected with journalism for some limo, -not sinne the termination of his pio prietorship of the Darling learns Gazette,-and his faculties had latterly apijeared to fail him very mncb, owing to the process of mental prostration brought on bv disease. i The Courier of this morning has a rather caustic article on the indiguity heaped upon the unfortunate town of I Maryborough by some of ber own j citizens, in the return of a celestial to j the civic council. It is alleged, with the ! apparent consciouf cess that such was ¡really the fact, that the disgraceful ex- pedient wai resorted to by the opponents ¡ of municipal government, in order to drive the other aldermen ont «>f the field. But civilised people don't let barbarians torn them ont quite so easily now-a days, and Chow Chow Cbiam will find that he is not quite as ior.-uidable as his friends tried to perstiade him be was. I don t wonder at Alderman B inker pro- testing against his Mongolian fellow councillor making ase of language which nobody con Ul understand, and reeom mewling him to procure an interpreter. I am afraid, judging from my own ex Crieoce, that Alderman Bookar would no better off theo, for all the Chinese interpreten I ever heard translate, needed to be interpreted tn their tom. Tit« Courier says that nobody ought to be surprised if Cbiam is asked to go into par lament, in tba «veut of Mr. KUfutt reigning. Gue . sign of oaf advunoemant aa a colony ia tba «situation ut tba sa- reaa tjte workt, ie to be tusmd ia the gratify big anrtonnotroant that we are to have monthly steam e+mmankaiioa witta Adelaide, rsa Melbourne and Sydney, Mcwsrs. Towns and Co. having placed thc " Balclutha " on thc beith. Since my last letter wa* written, a very irtlualil.' cal si«tn has been dis- covered al Itedhank, thc thickness of -li «.li is al«Kt: RX leer, and the quain i superior to anything yet found in alt« j colony The seam was lound at a depth ? ! of 200 feet from the surface, and th. ; ¡ proprietor« of th«î mine (Messrs. Camp liell and Son) arc in exceedingly good I spirits in consequence of thc discovery. J Au ndveititieiitent has appeared in tile local pape m announcing the formation of j ; the " O'Connell Iveragh C-opper Mining Í Company," for working die mines on : I the . state of Captain U Connell at Glad- ' stone. The capital proposed is £30 OOO jin 6000 shares of £5 each-4000 «.f ! these «re tor distributi iii anion;; the pnhlic. th>? proprietor retaining 2000 as ; lits own share in the undertaking. j One »lay last week the body of a j drowned man, far gone in decomposition, : was found on the tiver bank opposite ] Lytton, and sent op to town by the. Customs' tifricer there in the boat be- longing to the station. The poor boat- men had to pull all the way np the river with their foul cargo the stench emitid from which was enough to poison them. But this was nm the worst of it. When they reached Brisbane, they could get nobody to relieve them of the corpse, there being no «ich establishment as A Morgue here, and the remains hail to b>> lett in the bunt until after the inquest The bodv was unrecognised. I The 1O;M1 exhibition in connection! I with the Grand International World's. I Show in Loii'lon next year, w.is opened at u ion to-day by his Excellency Sir Ge--ige lt wen in p»'vs-«u, a large ano I fashionable company being assembled. A lengthy address was read by Dr. Hobbs, one of the Commissioner!", but only those who wen; within a few feet of him could hear what it was about. I gathered that it was principally explana- tory of the operations of the Com- missioners. The Governors reply was very short-mirahiU dicta-and ended with the authoritative formula-" I de clare this Exhibition to be opened." The display of articles was evett mere numerous than many expected, although r am inclined to think, with many others, that the Commissioners would i have acted wisely, and secured a larger I quantity and greater variety of articles, if they had sent out travelling agents, as was done elsewhere. Thc chief labour of the whole affair has, as far as I can gather, reste! upon Mr. Walter Hill, of the Botanic Gardens, and Mr. Dowse, the Secretary to the Commission ; and to these gentlemen -and to those forming the Commission as well-great praise is due. I shall refer at greater length to the exhibition in my next, being now pressed for time, but I send you a cata- logue, which may contain such informa- tion as yon may immediately require. The Signal Station, Observatory, or Old Windmill, whichever you like to call it, is now in operation. Vessels are signalled on their arrival in the bay, and the time-ball drops every day at one o'clock. We are expecting to be in instan- taneous communication with Sydney by the electric telegraph in a day or two. The line is open to the public as far as Warwick, the most remote station on our side of the boundary ; and I may, next letter, have the pleasure of tending you news (rom either Sydney, Mel- bourne, or Adelaide, which will be only a few minutes old when I dispatch it. Verily, we live in eventful times. I don't despair of sending a telegraphic message to England yet ! 