SILAS MARNER: THE WEAVER OF RAVELOE* (FROM THE LONDON EXAMINER.) In Silas Marner we have the same view of life that was presented to us in the Mill on the Floss, with a difference of light. What was there shown in gloom is now lighted .with sunshine,' and wo sire tho bettor 'pleased. Still the writer dwells upon the dull wit of a rustic population, but instead of the detestable and wearisome Miss Dodsons of the former novel, we have a dainty group of gossips at the Rainbow, and the notable Dolly Winthrop, brimful of tho charities of life, and deriving a warm sense of the comfort of reli- gion from the vaguest artioles of faith. No doubt ' George Eliot exaggerates the incoherence of tho notions of Divine things that content illiterato country-bred souls, and looks down from a height that is but of her own imagining on what she takes to be the narrowness of the provincial in tellect ; but she frankly admits that tho country bred souls are good souls, that the narrowed ideas of the villager may co-exist, as in her heroine i Nancy Lammotor, with all that is most beautiful ' in human nature. Still, she presents the life of roan ns an insolublo riddle, but now it is with a distinct pointing to tho love of man and faith in ? (he Divine goodness for the silencing of nil our doubts. As Dolly Winthrop put tho case to Silas Marner, when he troubled himself to know why Bible lots drawn in the chapel in Lantern-yard had borne false witness against him : " ' Well, then. Master Marner, it come to mo summut like this:-lean make nothing o'the drawing o' lots and the answer coming wrong ; it va mabap tako Iho parson to tell that, and ho could only tell us i' big words. But what como to me as olear as the daylight, it was when I was troubling over poor Bessy Fawkes, and it allays comes into my head when I'm sorry for folks, and feel as I cant do a power to help 'em, not if I was to get up i' the middle o' the night-it comes into my liead as 'i hem above has got a deal tenderer heart nor ?what I've got-for I can't bo anyways better nor Them as made mo, and if anything looks hard to me, it's because there's things I don't know on ; and for the matter o' that, there may be plenty o' tbingB I don't know on, for it's little as I know that it is. And so, vihilo I was thinking o' that, you como into my mind, Master Marner, and it »11 come pouring in :-if I felt i' my inside what wes the right and just thing by you, and thom as prayed and drawod the lots, all but that wicked un, if they'd ha' done the right thing by you if thoy could, isn't there Them as was at tho making on us, und knows better and has a better will? And that's all as ever I can bo sure on, nnd everything else is a big puzzle to mo whon I think on it. For there was the fever como and took off thom as were full-growed, and left the helpless children; and thero's the breaking o' limbs ; and them as 'ud do right and be sober have to suffer by them as are contrairy-eh, there's trouble i' this world, and thero's things as we eau uiver make out the rights on. And all as we've got to do is to trusten, Master Marner-to do the right thing as fur as we know, and to trustee. For ii us as knows so little can seo a bit o' good and rights, wo may be suro as there's a good and a rights biggor nor what wo can know. I foal it i' my own inside ns it must be so. And if you could but ha' gone on trustening, Master Marner, you wonld'nt ha' run away from your fellow-creatures and been so lone.' " ' Ah, but lliat 'ud ha' boen hard,' said Silas, in an undertone ; 'it 'ud ha' been hard to trusten then.' " ' And so it would,' said Dolly, almost with compunction; 'them things are easier said nor done ; and I'm partly ashamed o' talking.' " ' Nay, nay,' said Silas, ' you're i' the right, Mrs. Winthrop-you're i' the right. There's good ii this world-I've a feeling o' that now ; and it makes a man feel as there's a good more nor be can soo, i' spite of tho trouble'and the wickedness." In that spirit of trust towards God and good- will towards man the book is written, and it is in the main not only a very clever, but a very wholesome book. Silas Marner, a young and uneducated weavoi in a manufacturing town, truthful and earnost trained as a worshipper among the brethren oi the oburoh in Lantern-yard, was engaged to r joung servant woman and devoted to a false friend, who caused his accusation of that rob- bery of the money of the ohurch whereol the lot sought after prayer by tho brcthrer also denounced his guilt. The thief was the false friond himself, who, coming to relievo hil watch by the death-bed of a chief elder, fount Silas in one of the cataleptic fits to which ho wai subject-strange seizures, during which ho was unconscious of what passed, and after which h< did not dearly know that ho had been in any ii at ali. Tha friond stole the money, and withdrev unseen. The next decisive event in Marner's lift happens also during a fit of catalepsy ; and w( doubt whether it is good art in a talo of retribu lion and compensation to make BO much use as t here made of a raro physical condition. But le that pass. Discarded by the church in Lantern j ard, and by his sweetheart also, Marne: went into exile Ho quitted tho great towi of whose life ho . had been part, am appeared as a stranger in the quiet villagi of Bavoloe, comfortably buried between plea sant bills, far out of the track of thi mail-coach. There nobody could tell how i man was to be explained unless you at leas knew somobody who knew his father ant mother, and there was an instinctive doub as to tho honesty of poople who were no bom and bred in a visible manner. In i cottage by a deserted stone pit not far out o Raveloo, Silos lived as a solitary linen weaver spinning with a mechanical intensity. Ho was i bowed, short-sighted man, who sougbt no friend ship, and was supposed to be uncanny by hi; neighbours. He knew that his friond had beei the robber, (he friend who bad accused hin falsely, and ho thought that the God worshippei in Lantern-} ard had also turned unjustly ogains him. " Minda that have been unhinged from thoirol faith and love have, perhaps, sought thisLolhea: influence of exile, m which tho past become dreamy because its symbols hove nil vanished, an the present, too, is d reamy because it is linked wit' iiomomories. Buteventheir experiencemay hard! enable them thoroughly to imagine what was th effect on a simple weaver like Silas Marner, who he loft his own country and people, and came t settle in Raveloo. Nothing could be moro unlik his nativo town, sot within sight of the wide spread hill- sides, than this low, wooded regior. where he felt even hidden from tho hoavons b, the Borcening trees and hedgerows. There wa nothing hero, when he rose in the deep mornin quiet, and looked out on the dewy brambles an rank tufted grass, that seemed to have any r< lation with that life centering in Lantern-yart which had once been to bim the altar-placo t high dispensations. Tho whitewashed walls ; th little pews where well-known figures entered wit a Bubdued rustling, and where first one wel known voice and then another, pitched in a pi culiar key of petition, uttered phrases at one occult and familiar, like the amulet worn on th heart ; the pulpit whero the minister dclivere unquestioned doctrino, and swayed to and fr< ona handled the book in a long-accustomed mai ner; the very'pnuses between the couplets of th hymn as it was given out, and the recurrent swo of voices in song : these things had been til channel of Divine influences to Marner-the were the fostering home of his religious emotion -they woro Christianity and God's kingdoi upon eorth. A weaver who finds hard words i his hymn-book knows nothing of abstractions ; t the little child knows nothing of parental lovi hut only knows one face and one lap towart which it stretches its arms for refuge an nurture. " And what could be moro unliko that Lai tern-yard world than the world in Raveloo ? orchards looking lazy with neglected plenty; ii large church in the wide churchyard, which me gazed at, lounging ot their own doors, in servit timo j the purple-faced farmers jogging along ù lanes or turning in at the Rainbow ; homestead; where mon supped heavily and slept in the ligl of the evening hearth, and whero women seeme to be laying up a stock of linen for the life to corni There wore no lips in Raveloe from which a woi could fall that would stir Silas Marner's benumbc faith to a sonso of pain. In the early ages of ti «odd, we know, it was believed that each ten tory waB inhabited aud ruled by its own divinitie so that a man could cross the bordering heigh and be out of the reach of his native gods, wboi presence was confined to the streams and ti groves and the hills among which ho had live from his birth. And poor Silas was vaguely coi Ecious of something not unlike the feeltng . primitive men when they fled thus, in fear or i sullenness, from the foco of an unpropitioi deity. It seerrcd to him that the Power ¡ which ho had vainly trusted among the stree and in the prayer-mectiogs was vory far awi frcm this land in Milich he had taken refug ?»hero men lived in careless abundance, knowii and needing nothing of that trust which, fi him, had been turned to bitterness. Tho litt light ho possessed spread its beams so narrow] that frustrated belief was a curtain broad cnou¿ to crcato for him tho blackness of night. " His first movement after the shock had hoi to viork at WB loom ; and ho wont on with ti unremittingly, nover asking himself; why, now 1 was como to Raveloo, ho worked far on into ti night to linibh tho talc of Mrs. Osgood's tab Jiuen sooner than she expected-without conten plating beforehand iho monoy she would put in hie hand for the weil;. He seemed to weav like the spider, from pure impulso, without relie tion. Every man's work, pursued steadily, teni m this woy to becomo an end in itself, and sa bridgo over the loveless chasms of his life. Sihu hand Bntisfied itself with throwing the shuttlo, ai his eye with seeing the little squares in the clo completo themselves under his effort." Every housewife hod, at tbo year's end, yam ? By Gc creo Eliot, author of Adam JStdt, t Blcxkwood and Sons. /fe BPUID,'and lie solitary linen "weaver "wegwill paid.- . ' " . '* _ ._ "Gradnally the guineas, the'crowns, and'the half-crowns, grew to a heap, and Main«* drew less" and less for Sis 'own-'wajsts, frying'' to "solve the problem of ,keeping himself strong enough to work , sixteen hours o day on as Bmall an outlay as possible. Have not men,, tbut np in solitary impribonment, found an in- terest in marking tim moments by straight BtrokeB of ft certain length on tho wall, until the growth of the sum of straight s'rokes, arranged in triangles, has become a maBtering purpose? 'Do we not wile away moments of inanity or fatigued waiting by repeating some trivial movement or sound, until the repetition has bred a want, whioh ÍB incipient habit Î Thot will help us to under- stand now tho love of accumulating money grows an absorbing passion in men whose imaginations, even in the very beginning of their hoard, showed them no purpose beyond it. Marner wantedthe heaps of ten to grow into a square, and then into a larger square ; and every added guinea, while it was itself a satisfaction, bred a new desire In this strange world, made a hopeless riddle to him, he might, if he had had a less intense nature, have sat weaving, weaving-looking towards the end of his pattern, or towards the end of his web, till he forgot the riddle and everything else but his immediate sensations; but the money had come to mark off his weaving into perioda, and the money not only grew but it remained with him. Ho began to think it waa conscious of him, as his loom was. and he would on no account have exchanged those coins, which had become his familiars, for other coins with unknown faces. Ho bandied them, he counted them, till their form and colour were like the satisfaction of a thirst to him ; but it was only in the night, when his work was done, that he drew them out to enjoy their companion- ship. He had taken up some bricks in his floor underneath his loom, and here he had mode a hole in which he set the iron pot that contained his guineas and silver coins, covering the bricks with sand whenever he replaced them. Not that tho idea of being robbed preaented itself often or ?trODgly to his mind. Hoarding was common in country distriots in those days. Thero were old labourers in the parish of Raveloe Mho were known to have their savings by them, probably inside their flock beds: but their rustic neigh- bours, though not all or them as honest as their ancestors in the days of King Alfred, bud nob imaginations bold enough to laya plan of burglary. Bow could they have spent the money in their own village without betraying themselves 1 They would be obliged to 'run away*-a course as dark and dubious as a balloon journey." The hoard grew. Every night the gold was spread out as a feast for Marner's eyes, till after many years he was robbed of it. The plot of the story is throughout woven so cunningly that every incident ia an essential part of the whole talc. But as weare not betraying secrets of the novelist to spoil a reader's pleasure in their mystery, wo tell nothing whatever of the robbery, and will leave also unexplained the admirably devised chain of events that brings to Marnera door, on a snowy New Year's night, a wretched woman who had taken her last dose of the opium to which she was enslaved. " Slowly the demon was working his will, and cold and weariness were his helpers. Soon she felt nothing but a supreme immediate longing that curtained off all futurity-the longing to lie down and sleep. She had arrived at a spot whore her footsteps were no longer checked by a hedge- row; and she had Wandered vaguely, unable to distinguish any objects, notwithstanding the wide whiteness around her, and the growing starlight. She sank down against a straggling iurze bush, any easy pillow enough ; and thebed of snow, too, was soft. She did not feel that the bed was cold, and did not heed whether tho child would wake and cry for her. But her arms did not yot relax their instinctive clutch ; and tho little one slumbered on as gontly as if it had been recked in a lace-trimmed cradle. " But the complete torpor carno at last : the fingers lost their tension, the arms unbent ; then the little head fell away from the bosom, and the blue eyes opened wide on tho cold starlight. At first there was a little peevish cry of 'mammy,* and an effort to regain the pillowing arm and I osom ; but mammy s ear was deaf, and the pillow Beemed to be slipping away backward. Suddenly, as the child rolled downwaid on its mother's knees, all wet with snow, its eyes were caught by a bright glancing light on tho white ground, and, with the ready transition of infancy, it was immediately absorbed in watching the bright living thing running towards it, yet never arriving. That bright living thing must be caught ; and in an inBtant Ihe child had slipped on all fours, and [held out one littlo band to catch the gleam. But the gleam would not be caught in that way, and now the head was held np, to see where the cunning gleam came from, It came from a very bright place ; and the little one riBing on its legs, toddled through the snow,-the old grimy shawl in which it was wrapped trailing behind it, and the queer little bonnet dangling at its back- toddled cn to the open door of Silas Marner's cottage, and right up to the warm hearth, where there Mas a bright fire of logs and Blicks, which hat thoroughly warmed the old sack (Silas's great- coat) spread out on the bricks to dry. The little one, accustomed to be left to itself for long houn without notice from its mother, squatted down on the sack, and spread its tiny hands towards the blaze, in perfect contentment, gurgling and making many inarticulate communications to th< cheerful fire, like a new-hatched gosling begin ning to find itself comfortable. But presently the warmth had a lulling effect, and the little goldet head sank down on the old sack, and the blue eyes wero veiled by their delicatehnlf-transparonl lids." Marner had been looking out again and again as if ho thought that his money might be some- how coming back to him, and when the child entered he stood fixed in catalepsy, holding the door open, "poMcriess to resist tho good or evi that might onter there." " When Marner's sensibility returned, he con- tinued the action which had been arrested, ant closed his door, unaware of the chasm in his con- sciousness, unaware of any intermediate change except that the light hadgrown dim, and that hi was chilled and faint. He thought he had beet too long standing at the door and looking out Turning towards the hearth, where the two log had fallen apart, and sent forth only a red uncer tain glimmer, ho seated himself on his firesidi chair, and was etooping to push his logs together when, to his blurred vision, it seemed as if then Mero gold on the floor in front of the hearth Gold!-his own gold-brought back to him a mysteriously as it had been taken away ! Hi felt his heart begin to beat violently, and for 1 few moments he was unablo to stretch out hi hand and grasp the restored treasure. The hea] of gold seemed to glow and get larger beneatl his agitated gaze. Ho leaned forward at last and Btretched forth his hand ; but instead of th hard coin Mith the familiar resisting outline, hi fingers enoounted soft warm curls. In utte amazement, Silas foil on his knees and bent hi head low to examine the marvel ; it Mas a sleepinj child-a round, fair thing, with soft yellow ring all over its head. Could this bo his little eiste come back to him in a dream- his little sisto whom ho had carried about in his arms for a yea before she died, when he was a small boy withou Bhoes or stockings ?" The solitary man took to his heart this ne' treasure, became «lurso and foster-father to th child, and light, and love, and trust, came wit it. " Unlike the gold which needed nothing, an must be worshipped in close-locked solitude which was hidden away from tho daylight, WE deaf to the song of birds, and started to no burna tones-Eppio was a creature of endless claims an ' ever-growing desires, seeking and loving sunshin« and living sounds, and living movement! making trial of everything, with trust in ne joy, and stirring tho human kindness in all eye that looked on her. The gold had kept h thoughts in an ever-repeated circle, leading t nothing boyond itself. But Eppie was an objei compacted of changes and hopeB that forced h thoughts onward, and carried them far away froi their old eager pacing towards tho same Man limit-carriedthem away to tho new things th¡ would come with the coming years, when Eppi would have learned to understand how her fatni Silas cared for her, and made him look for lmngi of that time in tho ties and charities that boun together tbo families of his neighbours. The gol had aBked that ho should sit weaving longer au longer, deafened ond blinded moio and more i all things except the monotony of his loom nu the repetition of his web. But Bppie called hi away from his weaving, and made bim think n hs pauses a holiday, reawakening his senses wit her fresh life, oven to the old winter-flies th, came crawling forth in the early spring sunßhin and wanning him into joy because ¿/¡chad joy. "And MIICU the sunshino grew strong and las ing, 60 that the buttercups wero thick in ti meadows, Silas might be seen in the sunny mil day, or in the lato afternoon when the shadot wero lengthening under the hedgo-rows, strollii out, with uncovered head, to carry Eppie boyor tie stone-pits lo »hero the flouersgroiy, till tk< reached some favourite bank, whet ehe could ( donn, whilo Eppio toddled to pluck the flonci and make remarks to tho Mingcd things th murmured happily above the bright petals, calln ' Daddad's ' attention continually by bringing hi the flowers. Then she would "turn her ear tome sudden bird note, and Silas learned to plea her by making signs of hushed stillness, that th might listen for tho note to como again ; so th when it carno sho set up her small back ai laughed with gurgling triumph. Sitting on ti bankin this way, Silas bogan to look for tho on familiar herbs again ; and as the leaves, wi their unchanged outline and markings lay on 1 palm there was a senso of crowding remembranc from which he turned away timidly, taking refu in Epnie's little world that lay lightly on 1 enfeebled spirit. "As the child's mind was gronirg into kno Ictf_e, his mind was growing iu'.o memory; her -life unfolded, -his"EOul,".lcng"stUi>ificd in." 'cold1 narrow; prison, was ' unfolding'too, 'and ucrhbíirig gradually into full consciousness." I , 'We' have not told the story, but,.explained chiefly by, extracts tlio tppio,'of the book, i The «iff ¿ration of the desolate to love, and trustjand "forward-looking thoughts" by'the sweet in- fluences that a little child can oxert, is blended with the life of the small world of Raveloe, and vTíth a romaneo of other lives in which tho love of Silos for Eppie was a vital part. We must not part from George Eliot without quoting some of the peculiar humour in which all her books abound. Lot us sit among the gossips at the Rainbow, and hear Mr. Ma'coy, the ancient parish olerk, tell one of his own stories. It is tho story of a bygone marriage : " 'Ay, and a particular thing happened, didn t it, Mr. Macey, so as you were likely to remem uer that marnngo ?' said the landlord, in a, con- gratulatory tone. " ' I Bhould think there did-a very partió lar thing,' said Mr. Macey, nodding sidewoys. ' For Mr. llrumlow-poor old gentleman, I was fond m him, though he'd got o bit confused in his head, what wi' age and wi' taking a drem o' sum mat warm when the service come of a cold morn- ing. And young Mr. Lammeter, he'd have no way but he must be married in Janiwary, which, to be sure, 's a unreasonable time to be married in, for it isn't like a christening or a burying, us YOU can't help; and BO Mr, Drumlow-poor old gentleman, I was fond on him-but when be como to put tho questions, he put em by the rule o' contraiiy, like, and he says, Wilt thou have this mon to thy wedded wife?" says he, and then ho says, " Wilt thou have this woman to thy wedded husband ?" Boys he. But the par tic'larest thing of all is, as nobody look any notice on it but me, and they answered Btraight off "yes." like as if it had been me saying "Amen i' the light place without listening to what went before.' "''But you knew what was going on well enough, didn't you, Mr. Macey? You were live enough, oh ?' said the butcher. " ' Lor blesB you !' said Mr. Macey, pausing, "and smiling in pity at the impotence of his hearer's imagination-'why, I was all of a tremble: it was as if I'd been a coat pulled by the two toils, uko ; for I couldn't stop the parson -~I couldn't tako upon mo to do that ; and yet I said to myself, I sajs, "Suppose they shouldn't le fast married, 'cause tho words are contrairy ?" and my head went woiking like a mill, for I was allays uncommon for turning things over and seeing all round 'em ; and I says to myself; " Is't the meanin' or the v. ords as makes folks fasti' wedlock ?" For tho parson meant right, and the bride and bridegroom meant right. But then, when I come to think on it, meanin' goes but a little way i' most things, for you may mean to stick things together and your glue may be bad, and then whero aro you? And so I soys to mysen, " It isn't the meanin', it's the glue." And I -nos worroted as if I'd got three hells to pull at once when we got into the vestry, and thoy begun to sign their names. But where's the use o' talking ?-you can't think what goes on in a 'cute man's inside.' " ' But you held in for all that, didn't you, Mr. Macey ?' said the landlord. ' ' ' Ây, I held in tight till I was by mysen wi' Mr. Diumlow, and then I out wi' everything, but respectful, as I allays did. And he made light on it, and he says, " Pooh, pooh, Macey, make yourself easy," he says " it's neither the meaning nor the words-it's the regeBter does it-that's the glue." So you see he settled it easy; for parsons and doctors know everthing by heart, like, BO as they aren't worreted wi' thinking what's the rights and wrong o' things, as I'n been many and many's tho time.' " Hero is a touch of the old satire upon country gentilities, guarded with the gentleness of humour lhatlJB characteristic of this last, and perhaps best, of George Eliot's tales : "The MisB Gunns smiled stiffly, and thought what a pity it was that these rich country people, who could afford lo buy such good clothes (really Miss Nancy's lace and silk were very costly), should bo brought up in utter ignorance and vul- garity. She actually said 'mate' for 'meat/ "appen' for 'perhaps,' and'oeB' for 'horse,' which, to young ladies living in good Lytherly society, who habitually-said orse, oven in do- mestic privocy, and only said 'appen on the right occasions, was necessarily shooking. Miss Nancy, indeed, had never been to any school higher thoa Dame Tedman's ; her acquaintance with profane literature hardly went beyond the rhymes she had worked in her large sampler under the lam- ana the shepherdess ; and in order to balance an account, she was obliged to effect her subtraction by removing visiblo metallic shillings and six- pences from a visible metallio total. There is hardly a servant-maid in these days who is not better informed than Miss Nancy ; yet she had the essential attributes of a lady-high veracity, delicate honour in her dealings, deference to others, and refined personal habits,-and lest these should not suffice to convince grammatical fair ones that her feelings can at all resemble (heirs, I will add that she was slightly proud and exacting, and .as constant in her affection towards a baseless opinion as towards an erring lover." We go back to the Rainbow for a snatch of ghostly philosophy. The farrier denies his faith m ghosts, and soys -. " 'I'm afraid o neither man nor ghost, and I'm ready to lay a fair bet-I orent a turn-tail cur. " 'Ay, but there's this in it, Dowlas,' said the landlord, speaking in a tono of much candour and tolerance. ' There's folks, i' my opinion, they can't seo ghoB'es, not if they stood as plain as a pike-staff before 'em. And there's reason i* that. For there's my wife, now, can't smell not if she'd the strongest o' cheese under her nose. I never see'd a ghost myself, but then X says to myself, "Very like I haven't got the smell for 'em." I mean, putting a ghost for a smell, or else contrniriways. And so, I'm for holding with both sides ; for, as I say, the truth lies between 'em. And if Dowlas was to go and stand, and say he'd never seen a wink o' Cliff's Holiday all the night through, I'd back him; and if anybody said as Cliff's Holiday was cer- tain sure, for all that. I'd back him too. For tho smell's what I go by/ " The landlord's analogical argument was not well received by tho farrier-a mon intensely op- posed to compromise. " ' Tut, tut,' ho said, setting down his glass with refreshed irritation, ' what s the smell got to do with it? Did ever a ghost give a man a black eye ? That's what I should like to know. If ghofl'es want me to believe in 'em, let 'em leave off skulking i' the dark and i' Iono places let 'cm. come where there's company and candles.' '"As if ghos'es 'ud want to be believed in by anybody so ignirant 1' said Mr. Macey, in deep disgust at tho farrier's erass incompetenco to ap- prehend the conditions of ghostly phenomena." The landlord of the Rainbow is not the first man who has gone by the smell in perceiving ghosts. Cob, in " Every Man in His Humour," Ead the same sense of the great Cob Herring fromwhiohhe was descended-a broiled ghost, that had been put on the coals like that other famous worthy-Rash Bacon. CHEMISTRY OF STEEL.-At a recent meeting of the French Academy of Soiences a lively dis- cussion took place in regard to a communication from M. Frómy, in which ho Btated that no one rigorous experiment has ever demonstrated that steel is simply a compound of iron and 'carbon ; that no specimens of steels dissolved in acid leave \ a residuum at all resembling pure carbon, but rather certain oyanurets; and that the most simple method of carbonizing iron (that of sub- mitting it to the action of the flame of ordinary coal gas) converts it into a grey mass, very fusible and malleable, but not into steel. M. Frómy does not consider steel to bo azotized iron (i.e., combined with nitrogen), Bince this cannot bo tempored. Tho faots brought forth hy him ap- pear to contain the germ or an entirely new pro- cess of preparing steel, viz., by the successive action of two gases-nitrogen and carbonic acid gas; thus dispensing with the present method. Ia which charcoal ia employed. M. Frémy first; azotizes the iron by means of ammonia, and then carbonizes it by means of the flame of coal gas. During the discussion the venerable Mi Chevreul observed that he could not wil- lingly admit that steel was a combina« lion of iron, nitrogen, and carbon ; he did not eee in it any combination or oompound at all ; ho saw that iron in becoming Bteel acquired a new property, that of being tempered ; this property might poBsibly bo acquired Dy the absorption in the iron of a small quantity of one or several of the substances ; but he cautioned M. Frómy against UBing language which would seem to cha- racterize steel as a combination.-Cosmos. At another meeting a note was read from M. H. Caron, whose method of making steel ' by the action of the cyanides M. Fr6my had roferrod to, in which it was abserted that tho azotization of iron had long been known, and that certain ma- terial experiments of M. Fremy had been already made by M. Caron himself. M. Fremy, in reply, maintained that none previously to himself had ever asserted that nitrogen was ¡ndfcpensable to the manufacture of steel,.and promised in a future sitting tho statement of a theory pointing out tho double part which the compound ol nitrogen and iron performs, in that it not only supplies the nitrogen itself, but also, by reduoing hydrogenous compounds, renders tho iron porous, and thus fitted /or the introduction of tbo carbon contained in tho gases into tho metallio mass, Illustrated London News, April C. SILVER PRODUCED IN CORNWALL.-In the new number of the Edinburgh Philosophical JonrnalmW be found some notes on this subject, compiled from a variety of sources, by Mr. W. J. Henwood, F.R.S., which will be looked upon nith greater interest juBt now, aB it is stated that in January last the Rosewamo and Herland mines, wrought in clay blato, have yielded ore nhieh has sold at rates varying from £27 to £77 per ton. 