TOWN TALK. AND TABLE CHAT. An inquiry for the purpose of ascertaining the cause and origin of the late fire at Mr Bryant's on the Sandhill, was held before Wm Gunn, Esq., Coroner, and a jury of seven, at the ' All the Year Round' Inn, on Wednesday afternoon. James Tyrie was the first witness examined—He resides in a cottage near the burnt stable, and was first aroused by the fire, and gave the alarm to Mrs Bryant, to J. McCarthy, a journeyman and an apprentice in the employ of Mr Bryant ; noticed that Mr Callow was the first person who came to the fire. Ann Tyrie deposed that she retired to rest with Mrs Bryant about 9 o'clock, and was awoke by a scream about 2 o'clock ; saw the stable was on fire and called out "save my children ;' ran out and on seeing her children safe in a neighbour's house, ran all the way to Mr Carter's in her night dress and screaming to give the alarm. Returned and assisted to get out her furniture; then ran to a house at the foot of the paddock, and called out fire three times. Only heard the reply "the fire be d— — d. The inmates of the house were not on good terms with Mr Bryant, Mrs Biyant deposed that her husband returned from Hobart Town on Saturday morning ; she had charge of the horse in the slable and bedded him and gave him some green fodder about 6 o'clock on Friday evening ; there was but little hay or straw in the stable; it was locked, but the key was left in the lock ; in attempting to save the horse a pigeon box fell upon her and she was nearly thrown into the fire by it; threw water on the fire when she first went out, but found it useless as the stable and store were one mass of flames ; there was a dog cart and some wheels in the store. Mr McArthur Agent of the Liverpool and London Insurance Office, and upon whose requisition the enquiry was being held, said that Mr. Bryant, though not at home at the time the fire occured, wished to be examined with reference to threats which had been made to him by a neighbour, and the threat had been heard by another witness who could be called. The Coroner did not think it desirable to take Mr Bryant's evidence on that point. Mr Bryant was absent from home and travelling from Hobart Town, when the fire occurred. His evidence with reference to threats made in a previous quarrel could not how how the fire originated, and unless Mr McArthur urged that Mr Bryant's evidence should be taken, he (the Coroner) thought it better left out. Mr McArthur said he was not at all anxious to have Mr Bryant's evidence taken, but Mr Bryant having been accused by rumour of having caused his premises to be set on fire, in order to obtain the insurance upon them, he was naturally anxious to give explanation. He (Mr McArthur) wished to be examined as his evidence would go to show that the imputations cast upon Mr Bryant's character with reference to the fire, were false. Mr McArthur then deposed as follows :— Nathaniel Bryant has had a policy upon all the buildings since they were erected, except the stable and the store ; the latter were built about bis months ago ; I called to order some gravel and seeing the stable for the first time I advised him to insure it ; he promised to do so, but did not until I again spoke to him on the subject; he then left it entirely to me to valuo the place and its contents. I valued to stable at £70 but only insured it for £50. Bryant said he had sometimes two or three horses in the stable, but I only insured one at the value of £15. 1 also insured £10 upon the stock of provisions in the store. Bryant has stated his claim to me and I have every reason to be satisfied with it, as he had not claimed for the full amount of insurance except for the building destroyed. I believe his claims are only fair compensation for the property actually destroyed. It is more than 18 months since his former premises were burnt down ; they wore also insured in our office. The Jury returned a verdict to the effect that the building and contents were consumed by fire on the morning of the 7th instant, but that there was no evidence before the jury to show how the fire originated. An inquest was held at the Ferry House Inn, on Wednesday morning, on the body of the man found drowned near the Market Wharf, on Tuesday evening, as mentioned In our last issue. Daniel Collins deposed that on seeing a hat floating up the river with the tide, he put off in a boat belonging to the steamer Titania, and on lifting the hat found it had covered the face of a drowned man. The body was placed in the Harbour Master's boat, and removed to the Dead House. Saw no marks of violence on the body. John Chote identified the body as that of a shipmate of his named Robert Cooley who had arrived in the colony in 1834, And who he believed was between 50 and 60 years of age ; was aware that occasionally Cooley broke into fits of drunkenness, and was generaly employed driving cattle or sheep, or shepherding for any person who would employ him. John Biggs storeman at Bell & Westbrook's auction mart, knew deceased by sight ; saw him last alive about half-past 11 o'clock on Thursday morning when he came to the mart to see Mr Frank Pitt about a sheep dog. He received some money that morning from Messrs. Bell and Westbrook for driving sheep ; he was perfectly sober. Sergeant Rose said that one penny was all the money found on the deceased. The Coroner in summing up the evidence said he believed the deceased had accidentally fallen into the river from the Wharf as a sheep dog belonging to him had been noticed wandering about the Wharf for the lasl four or five days. There was, however, no evidence to show under what circumstances the deceased was drowned, from the appearance of the body it was probable it had been in the water for five or six days. The Jury returned an open verdict — ' Fonnd Drowned.' An apprentice on board the barque Westbury when asisting to stow wool in the hold on Wednesday afternoon was much injured by a bale which felt upon him before he could attend to the warning of the men lowering it. Besides bruising him it broke his left arm at the wrist. Fortunately Dr Grant happened to be on board the adjoining vessel, the ' Warren Goddard,' and he immediately set the arm, and applied the most suitable remedies for the relief of the poor lad, who was suffering much pain. In order to provent the necessity for making perronal appeals to the public by persons representing themselves as having been wrecked in the Tyne, His Worship the Mayor having a small balance regaining in his hands, of the proceeds of a former benevolent effort on a stmilar occasion, will be happy to relieve any well authenticated case of distress arising out of the late calamity. He has before him the names of the sufferers residing in Launceston, with a view to further enquiry. The case of Charles Glover, however, is one which claims some more marked recognition from the public than the small pecuniary aid which could be afforded from the small fund alluded to. The rescue of the whole of his fellow passengers from going down with the doomed vessel must be attributed to Glover's courage, self possession, and activity, on a most trying occasion. An appeal made by his fellow passengers on his behalf will be found in our advertising columns. Amongst the Tasmanian contributions to the Great International Exhibition, exhibited in Hobart Town last week, was a specimen of first class bookbinding finished in a style which it would be impossible to surpass even in London. This consisted of two volumes of West's history of Tasmania, bound in light calf, and elaborately and most tastefully gilt. The work was performed at Messrs. Walch & Sons', Bookbinding establishment, Hobart Town, the improved machinery at which lately imported for that branch, of their business cost about £500. The volumes are enclosed in a glass case, the woodwork of which is of Huon pine; the case and its contents forming one of the lots which will do credit at the world's fair to the judicious employment of capital and mechanical skiil In Tasmania, may now be seen at Messrs. Walch and Sons' establishment in Brisbane-street. The ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the new Church at Quamby, was an event which will long be remembered with pleasure by the inhabitants in that locality and by the numerous visitors present on the solemn and interesting occasion. Amongst those were Sir Richard and Lady Dry, The Lord Bishop of Tasmania, Ven Archdeacon Reiby, Revs. F Brownrigg, A Barkway, W Brickwood, W A Brooke, J Chambers, W Dry, S B Fookes, H. O Irwin, J Norman, F W Quilter, and W Williams, Mr and Mrs T K Archer, Mr A F Rooke, MBA, the Misses Rooke, Mrs McArthur, Miss Gleadow, Mr and Mrs Horne, Mr and Mrs W Barnes, Captain Dumaresq, Messrs C Thomson. A J. Marriott, C J Irvine, B H Douglas, Synnott, H B Nickolls, R Ayre, F H Belstead, Turner, Dowling, Beveridge, in short some hundreds of the representatives of the wealth and respectability of that and the neighboring districts. The estimated cost of the Church is £2000, to the fund for defraying which Sir Richard Dry has largely contributed, besides erecting the Parsonage at a cost of nearly £1000, end endowing the Cure with a stipend of £400 a year. The ceremony was commenced at one o'clock by the Lord Bishop reading the service for the occasion. The foundation stone was laid by Sir Richard Dry, who in doing so said— ' In the faith of Jesus Christ we place this foundation stone in the name of God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost.' About 250 persons were afterwards entertained at luncheon given in honor of Sir Richard and Lady Dry, during which the health of Sir Richard and Lady Dry, the Bishop of Tasmania, Archdeacon Davies and Reiby were proposed in appropriate terms, and duly responded to in the same way. The company rose and separated soon after 4 o'clock. The children of the district were also liberally entertained. The weather was bright, warm, and in every way suitable for the successful performance of the ceremony, and the entertainment which followed it. A woman named O'Malley, residing on the Swamp, fell down in a fit with a child in her arms near her kitchen fire on Sunday last, and was severely scorched, there being no other person in the house at the time. The child escaped without much injury, but the woman was so severely burnt that she had to be removed to the Cornwall Hospital. We visited Mr J J Pollard's Pianoforte maker, of Brisbane Street, and had much pleasure in examining several pianofortes in different stages of repair, but our purpose was to inspect one in particular. A pianoforte, constructed on the most approved and scientific principle of acoustic, the scale being the same as now used in the firm where J. J. P. served his time, viz., Collard & Collard. The sounding board, rest plank, bridges, bars, sweep- side, blocks, butments, springs, parts, &c;, are made of Colonial woods,— viz, Huon pine, cedar, blackwood, and sassafras. The piano proves a full and sonorous sound, the touch extremely light. The manufacturer assures us that some of the woods of this Colony are superior to any now used in Europe for the production of sound. M. P's. connection with the above firm, and this specimen of his handiwork must convince every one who hears or examines it that he is a thorough master of the many branches of his profession, and we have no doubt that when the fact becomes generally known the advantages of the Colonial wood over the wood now used for sounding boards in Europe, and the possibility of obtaining a pianoforte made to order in this Colony, a profusion of orders will reward Mr Pol- lard for his perseverance and skill, and induce him to devote himself entirely to the manu- facture of Colonial pianofortes. The instrument will be on view for a week. On looking over the many testimonials of efficiency presented to Mr. J. J. P. we notice the following names:— Lady Young, Mr. Hanchett, (Professor of Music), Dr. Boyd, L L.D., the late Commissary Walker, Mr F. A. Packer, (Professor of Music), Dr Grant, Mr K F Sharland, Mr J. Gibson, Dr Maddox, Mr Grubb, Mr Tuckfield, Wesleyan Minister), Rev J Norman, Mr F. Falls, Dr Moore, Rev H V Murray, Rev W. Brickwood, Mr Barnett, (Clifton House), Mr. S Tapfield, (Professor of Music), Mr Gore Elloston, Miss Cowie, (Brooksted), Mr Phelps, Mr Kimis, (Keniton Place), and Collard and Collard. Some of the members of the band of the Volunteer Artillery Corps declined to perform in the Horticultural Gardens on Tuesday evening as directed by Captain Harrap. The ground of objection being, that the gardens are not thrown open to the public. We call particular attention to the residents of this overtaxed town to the fact that the petition to the Upper House against Mr Dowling's obnoxious bill to double the water rates lies for signature at - Messrs James Meyers, Brisbane Street „ J. and G, Castley, Elizabeth Street, „ W J. Norwood, Charles Street, „ John Tevelein, ditto ,, John Carter, Sand Hill, „ Price, Brand and Parker, St John Street, „ John Rattray, Wellington Street, „ James Galvln, ditto „ Stephens and Kenworthy, Elizabeth- Street. It should be signed by every citizen. As it gives the best contradiction to the Mayor's unscrupulous statement in the House of Assembly as to the feelings of the people of this Town. We do not think the many lovers of good music this town proverbially contains could have known of the rich treat they have missed, who have not visited the Theatre, during the last three evenings. It is seldom a Launceston public has had set before it an entertainment superior to that of Mr. Thatcher, who is himself well known all over the colony of Victoria, and his talented original songs and local hits so highly appreciated. Mr. Thatcher, en passant, through this colony having heard that the folks of Launceston were fond of a really genuine entertainment, was induced to take the Theatre for one week, and those few who had the privilege and pleasure of hearing him, declare they have never been more delighted in their lives. Mr Thatcher's fund of humour is illimitable. In fresh songs he recounts all the wonders of Hobart Town, the Champion Races, the Regatta, in short all that took place whilst he sojourned there. But he is quite at home with all the events of our own little town, and the account of Mr. Bartley's prize cow, the rival coaches, and all the other funny things that have been lately going forward. But the greatest treat of all is that of Madame Vitelli, who is without exception the most accomplished lady vocalist that has appeared in Launceston. Her rendering of some of the gems from the Operas of Travetore, Lurline, Traviata, &c.;, is delightful. Madame Vitelli's versatality is wonderful, as she draws down as hearty encores in the Cantinser "The Child of the Regiment," or "Cherry Ripe,' as in that deeply pathetic song 'Auld Robin Gray," and is equally attractive in "Yankee Land," or any of the numerous comic duets she takes part in with Mr. Thatcher. She charms the ear and entrances the listener. No greater proof of the excellence of this entertainment can be given than the fact, that the same parties who visited the Theatre upon the fisrt night of Mr. Thatcher's entertainment appeared there, upon each evening since ; and every part of it was enthusiastically cheered and encored. We believe Monday evening is the last of these gifted artistes in Launceston, upon which occasion presents to the fortunate holders of particular tickets will be given. Irrespective of this attraction, we strongly recommend our readers, who delight in a good evenings entertainment not upon any account to miss this really deserving occasion. This evening a gift of £3 will be drawn for in the usual way, and the programme is an excellent one. Aa information laid by the Superintendent of Police charging Constable Collins with neglect of duty, in not interfering to quell a disturbance of the peace betwoan women in William-street, and which continued from time to time between the hours of one and four o'clock on the morning, of the 4th inst., was was heard in the Mayor's Court yesterday, before the Mayor and Aldermen Gilmore and Hart. Alderman Fawns was examined to prove the neglect of duty. Collins was defended by Mr E. Button and as there was no proof that he was present on that part of his beat during the disturbance of the peace, referred to, the bench dismissed the information. At the Mayor's Court yesterday, Mr Webb Taylor, Cab proprietor and driver, was fined £1 and 8s 6d costs, for riotous and unseemly behaviour towards Mr Gresley Lukin, Brisbane street, on the 7th instant. No announcement of the arrival of the English Mail had been made up to two o'clock on Wednesday last, when the steamer ' Black Swan' cleared the Port Phillip Heads. The Argus of that date remarks— ' It is probable that the Northam will not arrive before the end of the week, as there is reason to fear that the accident to the Egyptian railway (reported by last mail) was of too serious a character to permit of the line being repaired in time for the transmission in due course of the mail now due. If this should be the case there is a bare possibility that the steam ship Great Britain may have the good fortune to bring three weeks' later news, in anticipation of the mail, as she is now fifty three days at sea, and in all probability she will have experienced the strong and favorable winds reported by recent arrivals as having been experienced from Gough's Island to the Heads.' Mr George Coppin has offered through the Hon. Sec of the Exploring Expedition £1000 to Mr King, in consideration of his publicly exhibiting and describing during the next twelve months a panorama of the route of himself, Burke, and Wills, to the Gulf of Carpentaria ; and Mr King has in a modest, but firm and dignified reply rejected the humiliating offer. The return match between eleven of the Launceston and eleven of the Westward Cricket Clubs, is to be played on the Launceston ground to-day. Wickets to be pitched at half past 10 o'clock. The forty-seventh show of the Gardeners' and Amateurs' Horticultural Society was held in the Cornwall Assembly Rooms on Thursday last This was one of the most successful floral exhibitions that have ever been seen out of the large number which have been held here. The Fuchsias, Calceolarias, and Geraniums were as varied as they were numerous and beautiful. The fruit and vegetable departments were aIso well represented. As usual an excellent band performed during the afternoon and evening, while hundreds of delighted visitors promenaded round the elegantly decorated Assembly Room. We regret that we have not space for the insertion of the prize list in this issue. A meeting of the creditors of the late firm of Dawes & Butler was held yesterday in the large room over Mr C V Robinson's Auction Mart, Dr Gaunt Sn the chair. Mr Adye Douglas read lists of the separate and combined liabilities of Mr Dawes and Mr Butler, showing a total of L50.000 ; and it was pointed out that it was impossible at that stage of the proceedings to ascertain the exact amount. The assets were only valued at about L3000. Although Mr Butler's family were desirous of making a composition with the creditors, they found the legal difficulties of adopting that course so great, that they were compelled to abandon it, and the estate must be declared insolvent. The first grand concert of the Cecilian Harmonic Society will be given in the Cornwall Assembly Rooms on Tuesday evening. Amongst a variety of beautiful pieces in the programme are Chorus Glee — 'Christmas Fairies;' Duet— 'I've wandered in dreams;' Soprano Solo — ' The Mocking Bird;' Part Song— ' All among the Barley,' a flute solo, violin solo, and pianoforte solo, with overtures from 'Fra Diavolo,' 'Masaneillo,' and 'Sargino.' The last sample of Fingal gold brought to Town by Mr Robert Carter on Thursday, may be seen at Mr Edwards' New York House, Brisbane Street. A meeting is to be held on Tuesday evening for the purpose of raising L1000, with a view to placing and maintaining a large party of experienced diggers on the alluvial gold fields of Fingal and to aid those who have been working so indefatigably at the deep sinkings in the vicinity of Piper's River. From the latter place Mr Bennell has brought a quantity of auriferous quartz in which gold exists but so equally diffused throughout, is as to be barely visible to the naked eye. The Theatre Royal is to be reopened on Monday week under the management of Messrs Stretton and Andrews who are making arrangementt for introducing a firt class dramatic company, selected from the principal Theatres throughout these CoIonies. Mr Keogh, who was so deservedly popular here when Messrs Dominick Murray and Frederick Younge , were the lessees of the Theatre Royal, arrived here by the Black Swan as agent to Messrs Stretton and Andrews. 