MR. GLADSTONE. I (From the Saturday Review, April 20 ) | unreal are the charms of purity, of music, and of eloquence. Godiva to invert Mr. Gladstone's own metaphor, and to apply it to himself-has once more taken that yearly ride through the House of Commons which disarms all critical eyes, turns Peeping Tom of Buckinghamshire to stone, and usually succeeds in crowning with success the rider's expensive prayer The annual triumph of the Muse of Finance his taken place this week, with the ordinary ceremonies. Year after year, Mr. Gladstone advances, harp in hand, to rescue his Budget from the House of Commons, as Orpheus recovered Eurydice from the hands of fate. At his approach, the arbiters of his happiness soften their hearts and stay their hands to listen to his speech. Each inexorable Rhadamanthus veils his face, and justice moves into pity. Whatever be the ultimate fate of the band's petition, the first impression made by his voice certainly is that of extreme sweetness. Not a single Cerberus from the ranks of the independent watchdogs of the House feels inclined to back. The unhappy denizens of those infernal regions, the Opposition benches condemned for long years to sit in fruitless hopes of promotion and tcle»so-for awhile remit their writhings. Even that tortured ghost, Mr. Horsman, respire. Destined, like Sisyphus, for ever to roll his stone upwards in the direction of the Treasury benches, and to find it suddenly and inexplicably come rolling down upon him again-for one instant, while Orpheus speaks, he stands still to gaze. The indefatigable Sir John Pakington rests upon his wheel. Those urns of the Dandies the hundred heads of our hundred country gentlemen-for an hour or so succeed in holding something. Palo, shady Bpuctres from the Carlton, and young, active, and banquetting Harpies, sent, some day, upon becoming Junior Lords at least -all listen andaré mute. Even Mr. Disraeli-if Mr. Disraeli is to be considered as one of the Furies of the place-feels the soft spell while - The Full sink upon their iron beds, And scales, uncurled, hang listening- round their heads. Such, for a day or two at least, is the potent influence of Gladstone and of song. Whether the spirits grant his bold request or not, the tones in which he clothed it were agreeable to all except, perhaps, to the jealous ear of Marsyas, if a Mars as there be. Never has Mr. Gladstone shown himself more poetical in finance, or more completely a son of that Alma Mater whom he is about to desert, than on this last occasion. It is almost absurd to talk of his leaving Oxford. Mr. Gladstone is Oxford. He is a combination of Liberal education, of Mediaeval romance, and of poetical and scientific genius. He may cease to carry the suffrages of his University, he will not so easily come to represent her foibles and her virtues. The polished Roman poet, in the midst of those hardy ploughmen whose pursuits he pretended to admire and enjoy, would not have been more out of place than Mr. Gladstone among the manufacturing districts. French wines and Exehe Suez bills will never so completely fill his brain as to live from it the wrongs of all the Helens, mythological or modern, whose champion he is. Cotton un- relieved by more classical ideas will be heavy on his soul. United to a thrifty and money-making constituency, he will be like a poet who has married his housekeeper, and who lives distracted between the din of crockery and the music of the spheres. He will regret the quiet waters of the Isis and the ecclesiastical repose of Academia, as he hangs up his hand with a sigh in the smoke of more laborious cities, and amid the hum of more energetic men. Mr. Gladstone's last budget speech has proved that he is the best member for his University. Never has the muse of arithmetic been clothed in more variegated garments, crates down the mazes of a classical dance so sweetly and deftly to the sound of minstrelsy. Mr. Gladstone has this time excelled himself in parable, in allegory, and in crepe. Apollo, who stands ever at his elbow whether he be talking to an English Parliament or to an Ionian Assembly, or composing critical essays, or writing Greek verse-has supplied his favourite son with a more than ordinary number of quotations from Schiller, from Virgil, and from Tennyson. As the Chancellor of the Exchequer went on, the ground actually broke into flowers beneath his feet. He sang of the loves of direct and indirect taxation of the lunar influences of the Customs on the Excise-of maid-servants, and how, by a happy extension of spirit licenses, he proposed to preserve them from journeyings in quest of spirits to the public house in the tone of an Etonian, an Oxonian, and a scholar. Then, with true academical ingenuity, he turned round and applied himself to science. Minute calculations enabled him to show the precise details in which his budget of last year had been unsuccessful, and the subtlety with which he alluded to that bud- get's defects made his listeners forget that there had been defects at all. As befitted a churchman and a disciple of Aldrich, he dwelt on all the arguments that told in his favour, and with half-closed eyes stepped lightly over the difficulties that told against him. Close analysis enabled him to discover, and to take credit for discovering, the shortness of the financial year as soon as the financial year was over. With the July supplementary votes he dealt like a sophist and an orator; and he passed quickly over theo wk word fact that last year's revenue was largely assisted from exceptional sources. He pointed out that the House was pledged to repeal the paper-duties, but did not insist upon the topic of a pledge that was once given on the subject of tea and sugar, or a personal no less than a Parliamentary promise once made about the income tax. A mass of ingenious and subtle reasoning from effects to causes, of minute but luminous argument, of additions here, and subtractions there, all mixed up with a stream of poetry and romance, was devoted to prove that what Mr. Gladstone had predicted last year was not so false as it appeared. The spirits of the schoolmen who haunt the groves of Academe would have glowed with pleasure and pride to hear the St. Bernard of finance-the beautiful mystic converse upon political economy. Nor is it possible that any other constituency but that of Oxford should be worthy of so much intellectual agility. The Muse is pleased to learn that her romantic son and Chancellor of the Exchequer pauses amid dry details of calculation to rescue females in distress, and to work himself into a passion at the thought of the degrading necessity which compels maid-servant to fetch spirits from a public-house in cases of sudden domestic illness. The Muse is ready with him to pass over the prosy truth that it is not much use relieving them from the necessity of fetching spirits on exceptional occasions from a tavern, while so many of them labour under the degrading necessity of repairing there hourly for beer. Mr. Gladstone is true to himself in protecting maidservants with as sublime a sentimentalism as that with which he defends the heroine of Troy. These little straws show a wind that naturally blows from the quarter of a poetical University, not from the sober and practical regions of South Lancashire. . | All Mr. Gladstone's subtlety and finesse belonging as it does to a kind of disingenuous that never shows itself so strangely as in conscientious minds-would soon distract and bewilder any but a scholastic constituency. Something, no doubt, Mr. Gladstone IOBCS by being tied to an extremely Conservative body. But he gains something by being tied to a body things . appreciate, and admire intellectual crotchets, school., like attainments, and controversial power. A dance featuring district would encourage Aim, it is true t fling himself into the Liberal cause with fervour But it would soon cease to forgive him-what Oxford has now many times forgiven him-his splendid capt cot and his^orgeous subtleties, which are, after all the weaknesses and the vagaries of genius! South Lin pasture might easily some day be very much divided within her own mind at the sight of, so Zch versatility Oxford, on the other hand, it be proud of it. It is characteristic of herself; and she ought to be ready" to pardon it in her son. No" other constituency can so well afford to look quietly upon and to enjoy the sight of its member weaving interminable subnitrate, building lofty budgets out of nothing, sporting with finance experimentalising on the revenue, settL the Stock Exchange a-blaze, kindling bonfires out of old taxes, and every now and then retiring from the suN of grandeur and of destruction to compose an, epigram or to translate a Latin ode. Seagrim 