AUSTRALASIAN WESLEYAN MIS- SIONARY SOCIETY. The annual missionary meeting in connection with th* Australasian Wesleyan Missionary Society was held on Monday evening, in the Wesleyan Chapel, West Mait- land. The attendance was not so large as on previous, occasions. The ohair was taken by Mr. J. E. PEARCE. The meeting having been opened with singing and prayer, the OIIAIBMAN called upon the Secretary to read the report. The Rev. J. WATSFOBD then read extracts from the Society's annual report, embracing the following par- ticulars ! The Committee reported ia the mission districts financia' Improvement and spiritual prosperity. The income of the y ear had been £10,025, and the expenditure £14,800 ; tho deficiency of £4870 would be made up by the parent society in London. The native contributions had increased. In New Zealand there had been larger contributions to meet circuit expenditure ; and ia the Walpa circuit the natives had arranged to bear the ex- pense ot their missionary and native assistant missionaries. Tho ' net proceeds of tlie oil lrom tbe Friendly and FUI islands had been £2094 ¡ £180 had been remitted to tho Bible Society on account oi purchases made (rom time to time ; the remainder, £1686 from the Friendly Islands, and £.100 from Fiji, had been carried to the general treasurer's balance A further contribu- tion ol 8 tuns of oil from FIJI hud arrived, but would bo Included willi this year's receipts, 'lho Fiji contributions would have been larger, had there been com uilcnces to reeclvo them. Tho Inorcasod expenditure lud been luduood by the sending lorth of extra labourers. Provision had been made for building and furnishing four new houses, at a cost ol about¿900. Much en- couragement was ailorded by the spiritual condition and pro- spects ot the missions. A gracious revival had been vouchsafed In tho Friendly Islands district The various missions were re- ferred to, viz. :-New Zealand (briefly. In consequence of the £ régence of two missionaries from that colony) ; the Friendly Blands, víhero an addition of more than 1000 members to the church was reported, oswell as the sale of 10,000 copies of the Now Testament, sent out by the British and Foreign Bible Society -, Tonga, where there had been a rich outpouring of tbo spirit, Fiji, where tho work had been progressing as favourably as clrcumstanocs would allow, though in somo circuits much interfered with by war ; llotumah, where the mission had been rudely suspended by the leading chiefs, over whoso minds per- sons had obtained a hold, deeming it their Interest to exolude Christianity lrom the land. With referenco to FIJI tho report pointed out tho necessity for careful and vigorous oversight, and contained the following remark : " The sovereignty oi the pointed out tho necessity for careful and vigorous oversight, and contained the following remark : " The sovereignty oi the lands has been offered to tho British Government by the lead- ing chief«. If that sovereignty be accepted, and colonization to any oxtent toko place, it will originate new circumstances, and expose the natives to new temptations, and an Increased Euro- pean agenoy will bo absolutely required, or the lair prospects that have been realised for the last two or three years may bo utterly blighted. The increase or white residents ia FIJI renders it important that some form of Government which would reach tholrlntercsUshould exist; and the missionaries appear to rejoice In the prospect of British rule. Your oonimlttce, however, cannot but feel that the chango will necessitate a muoh larger expendi- ture In the Increase oi agency that will be required i and they appeal to the Christian pubtlo to assist and enoourage them by enlarged contributions to the funds of tho Society." Tho gene th« number of chapels to be 640 ¡ of other i_ . 208 ; ot ministers and preacher« on trial, 00 s ot oateolusts, 244 ; of day- school teaohcrs, not Including FIJI, 363 j of Sunday school teachers, 2080 ; of local preachers, 1317 ; ot class leaders (no return from FIJI), 10701 of lull and accredited church mem- bers, 20,330 j on trial for membership, 61301 of Sabbath schools, 7311 of Sabbath scholar«, 82,050 : of day schools, 0401 of day soholars, 29,180 ; of attendants at publlo worship, 90,102. There were also two printing establishments.' Ur. Watefora added-that out of the £10,000 contributed to the Socloty, tho Maitland clroult had contributed £143. This was very well, considering tho local efforts made during tho year, but ho hoped to seo a larger amount. The Rev. N. TURNER rose to move the first resolution. He remarked that the mission cause was well represented on the platform, seeing that brethren from New Zealand, from tho Friendly Islands, from Fui,.and from i the colo- nial churches, were present. On former occasions he tided to have two subjects on whioh to speak-New Zea- land and the Friendly Islands ; but it would be wrong in him to touoh at any length upon New Zealand, as thero wore brethren who had so lately arrived from that mission'.' ' He could, howevor, tell of the origin of that mission : and Mr. Buller, ¿houi>h woll versed in all that related to its present condition, did not know it as he had known it, in its native barbarism, when Satan held tlio sway lrom one end of tho land to the other ; nor had lie knpwn the perils that he had witnessed when New Zpaland was in ita cannibal condition. Ho thanked God that ho had lived to see oannibalism pass away, and the pure truth of God take possession of the judgments and tho heartsof many. ' The resolution waBi^ That the report now read bo adopted : and that this meeting . often Uovout thanksgiving to God, tho elver of all good things, for the manifold blessings vouchsafed to the evan- gelical efforts of this and all other Protestant churches. ,o said that he had witnessed to somo exten} the success Jhioh had orökned the efforts of the missionaries in the Friendly Islands. He did not witness the origin of these onortsj bat he arrived thoro just at the time when God was. disposing the minds of tue people to littles, to hi» 'life-giving word; and he hod lived to see hundreds bind the neck po the yoke o£ Jesus, and, gathered into' the field of the Saviour, .become zealous for his honor and glory. He entered upon a narrative of the trials and struggles of the missionaries at Tongataboo, and showed how the dangers that at one time threatened them were averted, and how the truth finally prevailed. Visiting those islands some years ago, after a long absenoe, he could scaroely douoribe the wonders God had wrought One thing wag especially remarkable-the number of evangelista who bad there been raised up. Not many - less than one hundred of the flower of the youth of Tonga had gone forth, baptized with the Holy Ghost, to preach the Gospel in the other islands. Alluding more briefly to the results of missionary-operations m Fiji,-he concluded by expressing his ardent attachment to the missionary oause, and his desire, could he become young again, to enter again into the missionary work. The Bev. C. W. Bloc seconded the resolution. He pointed out that the success to whioh it referred was real-not seeming. _ Heathenism had been driven from its strongholds, until, in one group of islands at least, it had not a footing left. ~Aaà there hod not been a mere change of. opinion or oreed ; but the native Christians were living epistles, known and read of all men. The success had been preceded by a- crying for mercy ; and he had no , faith in any suc- cess of which that was not the forerun- ner. The resolution acknowledged God as the giver of that suocesB. Man was only an instrument in his hands; to him therefore they-would give the glory. Much of the good that liad been done had not been seen : and in hearts over which xhe full influence of the Gospel bad not been exercised, its restraining power had never- theless been feltT The resolution alluded not only to their own missions, but also to those of all oth'or Protes- tant Ohurohes. They recognised that they were only one section out of many1 sections of the Church of Christ; there were others,who were fellow-workers in' the great cause, and they had but a. share, though they had been permitted to have a laVge share, in the great work. The resolution was put and carried. The Rev. J. A. FLETCHER (from New Zealand) moved the second resolution. That the peculiar circumstances of tho Society's missions, especially in New Zealand, the Beat or war, and Fiji, where colonization is expected-, demand increasing attention and Sympathy, and the extending and deepening work of evangelization in the Fiji and Friendly Islands have an acknowledged claim on the support and earnest prayers or the Society for their suocees. He said thab-in speaking about New Zealand there were two great difficulties ; the ona of! selection ; the other of avoiding anything whioh in the present transition state of affairs might be unguarded or liable to misrepresenta- tion. Missionary operations were, liable to be looked upon from two points of view. There WSB a tendenoy in many of the writers of light literature to represent them in a ridioulouB aspect ; and there was a disposition on the part of another and different olass of persons to look for toe romantio and the unreal in connection with the missionary work. There waa a tine romanoe of the real in the solitary struggles of the founders of a mission ; but there was a disposition to regard this too exclusively. There was a time when the New -Zealand missions were as full of thia romanoe of the real as was Fiji now. Bat it was not right that attention should be absorbed in the sacrifices, and risks, and trials of the early missionaries; and living as he did in the transition period of the New Zealand mission, he thought that their mission ohurohes appeared too soon to loose their hold upon the Christian Church as they lost their scenes of risk and romanoe. But in this transition state they really seemed to bim to demand the most care and sympathy. After alluding to the early days of the New Zealand mission, and to the brotherly spirit whioh existed amongst the missionaries of the Ohurcb of England and the Wesleyans, he said that the trying period waa when a half-taught, partially civilised, people came into oontaot with a highly oivilised, energetio race; and while the former period had more of the exciting and novel about it, the present period was full of lessons and warning to the wise. In Fiji a few missionaries, pale, and wan with ill health, were struggling at their isolated stations to bring thou- sands to the light of truth. There was the true romanoe of missions. Fiji was in its childhood. Bnt attractive as were the simple winning ways of ohildhood, there was to him as muob of interest in the middle period, when the youth went forth to grapple with the world. New Zealand was passing from ita childhood to what Hugh Miller had called " the dangerous age," when the young were apt to break away from the restraints of home, and cast themselves into oirenmstanoea of danger. And so New Zealand, whatever might be thought of the war, or whatever might be its results, was now ¡nan interest- ing period. The Gospel, as a destructive force, had wondrous power. In New Zealand the old system of heathenism had been almost abolished-almost, for some remains of the old superstitions would still lurk about their burial place ; but while traces of superstition -were still seen in our own country, too muoh should not be expected from a nation that bad been raised in a single genera tionfrom heathenism toaposition of respectability. The New Zealand mission was notait old one. In a re- port published in 1837. he saw that about six lines com- prised all that referred to the districts alluded to in the present report. There were then only two missionaries m New Zealand, and there was bnt one Btaticn. In that year West Indian slavery was broken j but it was only now that the Weat Indies were struggling through their transition state, and were beginning to fulfil the ex- pectations of the friends of freedom. In all great social changes time was a necessary element. In tbe New Zealand mission, the more the results were looked to the more satisfaction wo cid be felt with the work done. He prooeedod to glanoe hastily at the northern district, in which he bad lived, not, however, amongst the natives, hut amongst the colonist*, so that be had looked upon the mission from.- without ; and he showed how the missionaries had been the means, not only of breaking down the old system, but of introducing a new and im- proved state of things, and better habits. It was necessary, he said, to have grappled with the old habito, to know their Btrength; and he »pointed out bow the want of privacy and oleanliness, and the existenoo oi a species of communism amongst the natives, were great ¡ obstacles lo their advancement, in spite of all this, however, they had acquired an immense deal of knowledge, and muob. real piety was shown in many cases amongst them. He described the con- dition of the station of Hokianga in the north, showing how the native population had scattered over the land ; how they pent forth to cut down the Kauri fine, and were well able to oaloulate the contents of the rees they felled, and toi estimate the vain« ; how they traded in Kauri gum, and raised potatoes at prices with whioh no farmer could oompete ; bow they blushed if the word cannibal was named; how they bought ploughs | and narrows, erected mills, owned vessels, and scanned with watchful eye the changes in the markets. They had the New Testament, and they read it well, and could quote it aptly. It mu ht be enquired, bow was it that they were now at war? Asimilar question had been put by a missionary at New Plymouth, when they were at war amongst themselves, and the answer was an enquiry why the English were fighting in the Crimea. To some extent the war arose from the very superiority of the Maori oharooter-self-reliant, independent, dis- posed to judge for themselves, possessed or some know- ledge of ViBtory and tho fate of natlous. Ile was not oneof those who held this war'to bo wrong ; but itoould not be doubted that such a people, if they felt them, selves injured or trampled upon-if they felt themselves to bo fading away before another race-it was not to be wondered at that with their imperfeot information, and liability tobe misled by designing men amongst them* solves, and by mistaken friends, difficulties should arise. The war was a política], not a religions, one ; and it arose from want of a strong united government over the two races. What would be the oase even in , thia oolony, if the pbysioal force by whioh the law waB upheld were done away, arid an attempt were made to govern by moral suasion alone T One good wonld be brought about by the war i the na« live question was already oeing lookea into, and the idea of local native self government wa« entertained to an extent unknown before. The feeling amongst the colo- nists was-much tho same as would be folt if one oounty of Eigland rose against the Empire. No glory could attuoh to the \ io tory ; and the sooner, they could be in- duced to lay down their arma and submit to the law the better. The great wish waa to settle this great social question in times of peaoe, Aa to the religious obarac tor of the people, they bad not on many points auoh olear views as prevailed amongst those whom he was, addressing ; but they ought to be tried by a milder standard, not by a higher, as some would urge. Though there was touch of formality amongst them, many a dying bed had shown that there was a leaven of true piety,! and simple-hearted reliance on the promises and the atonement of Jesus. They were now passing through a great and trying crisis, and it would be well to remem- ber them in their prayers. The nativo touchers wero ad- mirable men. They nod remained unmoved and loy al in tbp disaffected districts, endeavouring to abate the evils that prevailed. {The Rev. JAMES BULLER (from New Zealand) seomded the resolution. Ile Midi that the missionaries of New Zealand bad been unfairly censured. There were othor missionaries beside« their own ; and whilst many of the Ohuroh of England and German missionaries whom ho kqew were most excellent men, worthy of all praise, le wished to speak more particularly of the Wesleyan mis- sionaries. He dosired to have it known that our Graoious Majesty the Queen had not in her entire empire a more loyal olass of subjects than the Wesleyan missionaries of New Zealand. They yielded to noneInafleotionate care for their oharge, but they yielded to none In loyalty to their Queen. He could show that without ceasing they had reiterated the Scriptural doctrino-fear God : honour (he Kjng. They oould produoe the testimony of every Governor who had presided over the affairs of the oolony to their loyalty. Keferring to the former oontest be- tween the British aud the Maories under Honi Heki, he allowed that a well contrived »oberne for an attack upon AuokUnd,-an attack that would probably have been as fatal M that upon Kororareka, but for the influence, of a Weslevan missionary, who induped a neigh- bouring ohief , to, refuse to ¡ allow the hostile tube« to pass through, hi« territory and use his canoes, , ¡Though ,ho had not witnessed 'the Béenes to which Mr. Turner had alluded, ho bad lived for tîventyrftv« year« in t,he colony. The question was fre- quently put, What, after all, ha« ihe mission done in New Zealand ? In uwirering that question there *M . . danger of,using too gjowing a style ¡, it could best bo set forth by ralatmg-a few inoidèuts Ay way of contrast be- tween til» past and-present times. It was because'too high a standard was adopted that disappointment was at times felt in the results. The present stato of the New Zealandera should be measured not by us but by themselves. In thinking of them as they are, it should be remembered what they wore. Mr. Turner oould well remember the period when on a lovely day a fleet of .canoe» might have been seen in the Bay of Islands ; when the yella of 'the-warriors might have been heard return- ing- from the carnage, and when their canoes were freighted V/ith the mutilated bodies of their enemies the materials for their cannibal orgies. Now, to, Bpeak -of cannibalism raised a blush upon their countenance ; their canoes were laden with the produce of the land ; their lean», their" drays, their mills, were seen around, the evidences of an incipient and progressive oivilisation. He narrated inoidents showing further how greatly ohanged was the character of the people. Amongst the great benefits of the mission to New Zealand was the re ' auction of the language to a Written form. The Maorie» had not the New Testament only, but part of the Old, and soon they would have the entire Bible. They had Robinson Crusoe^ the Pilgrims' Progress, pamphlets, hymns, the cateohuin, the liturgy of tie Church of Eng- land, portions of ecoleaioslioal 'history, and newspapers. One Maori nWspapBrwBB published bi-weekly at the ex- pense of Government; and he had speoimens of two newspapers supported by the natives themselves. One was a Beoqlar newspaper, containing nothing, however, opposed to good government, good morals, or Christi- anity i Jt, contained advertisements, a leading artiole on the administration of justioe, a report of the trial of fa chief on a ohorge of horse stealing, of wliiou he was acquitted, native correspondence, and market informa- tion. The other was a monthly religious paper, edited by the chairman of the Auckland district. lu contents ' included a calendar for the month, an artiole on the Netv Year, a short account of tho district meeting at Auck- land, a geographical account of Bethlehem, a paper on the design of Christinas Day, a biographical memoir of Mark, a native teacher-one who remained steadfast to the end, and was respeoted1>y all who knew bim. He translated the account of tho Auokland district meeting, and then prooeeded~"to say that while there was. oh the one hand a danger of presenting such a pidture as would produce disappointmant, there was a danger also of undervaluing the, work oi the spirit, and refusing to acknowledge what had been done. But muoh remained to be done. Never was there a period oiling for moro -sympathy, liberality, and prayer, that tho labours of the early missionaries, and of those who were now engaged in the work, might not be lost. He said he trusted that the missionary spirit prevailed in Maitland as powerfully as ever j and he maintained that in asking for systematic liberality in this cause he was not begging, but enjoining a Christian duty, andpointingout a Christian privilege. The CHAIRMAN said that he would not put the resolu- tion in the usual way, bnt would have them to express their approval of it in dealing with the oollect'on. The collection having been made, and some other meetings' having been annoanoed, the doxology was sung, the benediotion was pronounced, and the meeting separated. 