DIOCESAN SYNOD. Monday. Mat 6. This being the day appointed for the first meet ing of the Diocesan Synod-in session for the pre sent year, divine service was held at Trinity Church in the afternoon, at 3 o'clock. Evening pravers were read by the Very Bev. the Dean, assisted by the Venerable the Archdeacon and Canon The Lord Bishop of the Diocese then read bis i annual charge from the communion-table; after ■ which His Lordship administered the Holy Com munion to about 50 of the Synodsmen who were present. _ , _. , , The following is His Lordship s charge:— " Bev. and Dear Brethren—There are times when the restless activity of social life suteides mto a momentary calm, and the body politic, like the lUUlUCUUU^ MUM, ^ r~"~ 1 human frame, derives fresh vigour from repose, i Church life also, the religious consciousness of associated bodies, is subject to the Uke changes, j at one time, perhaps, struggling with dimcultyor imperilled by divisions; at another, relieved from outward pressure and inward dissension, it enjoys the blessing of peace, and feels how good anu pleasant it is for brethren to dwell together in unity.' T.ite the dew of Hermon descending upon the mountains of Siom that grace brings with it a blessing from the Lord. _ , * 1 " Such a season of refreshment, much needed and much longed for; was tlirough the mercy of God brought to us by the visitation of ourmucn edMetropolitan, the Lord Bishop of Sydney, Uv a * faithful brother in the I estcemeu ^lclfupuuuiu, iuc—*v» who, accompanied by a "faithful brother in the Gospel,' Chief Pastor of the Diocese of Meltwurne, gave us the comfort of his presence and the benefit of his exhortations during many days of the past year. Many hearts were then softened, many con sciences then touched, many sympathies then drawn out, many aspirations after a higher divine life then felt-a winning grace thrown over the obligations of evangelical religion deeply, anu, we trust, permanently, influenced many souls. p " while, however, on the one hand, we denved much benefit from the meekness of wisdom^which characterized the demeanour and ministrations or both those chosen brethren, so, on the other hand, they drew no little encouragement from beholding our order, and the progress made under adverse circumstances in supplying the means of Grace and the ministry of the Word. Would that the zeal then evinced to hear that Word from their lips could be taken as the measure of men's love for the godliness which it inculcates! ' An open door' was then, at least, 'set before us: and if we knew that 'our strength was little, still, having * kept Christ's Word and not denied His Name,' we felt encouraged to 'hold fast that which we had, that no man might take our crown.' Among the other ecclesiastical matters which won the approval of those prelates was the general constitution and working of our riynod. " True, it was the offspring of a voluntary com pact,' liable to he spoken against and infringed even by the very individuals who had helped to frame it, consented to its provisions, acted again and again under them, solemnly pledged them selves to observe, and, as far^ as in them lay, to enforce, as a contract knowingly and willingly entered into by themselves and others who had subscribed it. Unarmed with coercive power by legislative enactment over its constituents, it is unfortunately exposed to such opposition. Yet, notwitlistanding such opposition, it has to a consi derable extent, accomplished the purpose for whicli it was designed. "The clergy and laity of the several congrega tions of the diocese have been drawn to one com mon centre, and liavc received the benent of mu tual counsel and encouragement. It would _ be strange, indeed, if the lay brethren, when invited to co-operate with the Bishop and clergy in the ad ministration of ecclesiastical business should de cline to take part in deliberations for the common good, or in dispensing the common funds of the Church, or in proposing what might be advmi tageous, or in negativing what might be mis chievous or unsafe. " So satisfied was the Synod last year of the be neficial working of those Synodal provisions under which we have now met for the seventh time, that a memorial was prepared to Her Gracious Majesty, petitioning her, as Supreme Governor over the Church, to give permanence to the compact volun tarily adopted by binding my successors to obser vance of its provisions. The answer to that memo rial, which Her Majesty was pleased ' very gra ciously' to receive, conveyed in a despatch from the Secretary of State for the Colonies, will be laid be fore Synod, and demands the earliest as well as most careful consideration. ,, " It is indeed to be regretted that we should still be forced after so many years to discuss the best mode of piling legal effect to the rules of our Church affecting its ministers aud members; hut in the absence of imperial or local legislation, the usual inconveniences attendant on voluntary associations must needs lie felt. I believe I only express the fervent aspiration of every intelligent ■TTpmhpr of our Church, that the time may quickly arrive when the by-laws and rules of the diocese being agreed on, the Bishop andclergv may give themselves without such distraction to the ministry of the Word anllofprayer. Would that tlieday were at hand 'when the churches had rest and were edified: and, walking in the fear of the Lord and in the comfort of the Holy Ghost, were multiplied. I cannot, therefore, but regret that the spirit of har mony diffused by the presence of our Metropolitan, and the sanction given by him to our Diocesan Synod (in whose memorial to Her Majesty lie took part), should have been disturbed by any attempt to nullify its proceedings, and to lower the position of our reformed branch of the Catholic Church in this diocese from that of a "Church' into a part nership, to be dissolved at any moment at the caprice of one alone of the parties. At all events. X have'to congratulate Synod that we have received the express sanction of Her Majesty to the consti tution of our Sjnod, its provisions and regulations conveyed to us in the despatch, to be laid before " In harmony with the desire for deeper spiritual life, manifested during the visit of the Bishops, a proposal for 'special services' and a week set apart for praver was received by me and responded to by the parochial clergy. The seasons observed in our Church commemorative of the great events of our Lord's life adapt themselves with peculiar proprietv to sucli occasional religions exercises. The Epiphany, or Christ's manifestation to the Gentiles, was, therefore, happily selected for sucli continued and simultaneous devotional services. " It was an inspiring thought how many thou sands of Christian hearts were lifted up before the throne of grace, supplicating for a fuller eftusion of the Holy Spirit upon His people. _ A unity of spirit was thus manifested and exercised which must needs' precede any hope of closer ecclesiastical com bination; but while evangelical Communions which so approximate as to unite in public prayer, 111 preaching the Word, and in breaking sacramental bread, still deem it necessary to keep up their names of division and separate ecclesias tical.. organizations, it cannot reasonably .be expecJed that our Reformed Church, with which ministers of those communions have expressed themselves unable to unite, in consequence of the presumed, though not admitted teaching of its offices, should nevertheless, on their invitation, by uniting with them in all and everv act of wor ship. virtually abandon its own principles. ' Another occasion, however, for special obser vance is presented to us in the melancholy visita tion which, in the Providence of God, has lately fallen upon the northern provinces of India, it is a sad fact that famine is desolating a wide-spread district, and affecting some millions of our fellow subjects. The failure of our own harvests has re cently spread gloom and straitncss among the tillers of our soil. The usual missionary ser mons for the heathen were suspended in con sequence. Should not the return of abundance call for thanksgiving offerings! a"? what more suitable object can be found than starving heathen fellow-subjects, who will, thus receive a convincing proof that the religion of Clinst returns good for evil, and visits the fatherless and widow in their affliction! I trust .that the clergy will accede to mv wish, and deem it practicable to preach on Wilit"Sunday next, or Trinity Sunday, sermons on behalf of the miserable population of the north-west provinces of India, and make col lections for their relief. . "It was remarked in some of the social schoolroom meetings for prayer during the Epiphany week that some of the lay brethren joined effectively in givum a word of exhortation and prayer. A sacerdotal svstem, more rigid than Judaism, may condemn sucli ministrations as intrusive; but certain it is that our Church has sanctioned, in default of a separated m'roistiy, lay preaching and lay readers, acting under licence from the Bishop, and conforming to certain regulations. It is 'Hfflcnlf indeed, to believe that such an exercise of appropriate gifts, decently and in order to the use of edifying, is at variance with the principles of our religion, and a worship, not of fonus ana onii nances—not confined to time or place, but of spirit and of truth. '' Indeed, the whole question of lay agency in divine worship forces itself at thistime more particularly on the attention of ourChurcli. In older societies, where provision is made for tearing and maintaining a well-qualified clergy, such a question might be out of place. There a regular ministry can wait at the altar and in pastoral watchfulness go in and out day by day among the people. But in a young colony where only 130,000 souls are spread over an 3rea considerably larger than England, divided in religious sentiment as in blood or country of their birth, it is scarcely to be expected that a sufficient number of competent ministers can be maintained by the voluntary contributions of the people without extraneous aid. The Church neces sarily becomes missionary. The parochial system is inapplicable to a great degree. "But even in missionary districts of large extent embracing different townslims and con gregations, it has been found exceedingly difficult to raise even the minimum of stipend required for unmarried clergy. Meanwhile it is im possible for the clergyman personally to minister every Sabbath in several churches many miles apart. The order of Sabbath worship is consequently interrupted; the worshippers feel unsatisfied; they see the Church which tliey have contributed to build close its doors upon them; they feel a re ligious want which is not met. Here, then, at once arises the need of lay assistance; for if one minister can scarcely be maintained, it is useless to think of a second. If, however, in the absence of the missionary, some layman recommended by him, and duly licensed by the Bishop, cpuld conduct the service, reading the liturgy ana such sermons as were first appoved by the missionary, the con gregation would be hold together, the Sunday school kept open, and the Sabbath Day sanctified to a holy rest, "One thing, however, is needful—consistent Christian gravity in the person who undertakes this office. Then dwelling on the spot, respected by his neighbours, having probably a family or house hold tobring up in the nurture of the Lord, he will feel it a privilege to aid his minister in carrying on the service of the sanctuary and influencing the neighbours to keep noly the Sabbath Day. "Furthermore, the acknowledged lawfulness of using separately the morning prayer, litany, and communion office, each complete in itself, th< —s-t- , - .— — ttsclfi combines! m the usual morning service of the Lord's Day, seems to provide for different congre gations a vaned service, neither jading to therm nister nor formalto the worshipper. The liturgy indeed, of our Church will never want power to elevate as well as sober devotion, when read in the spirit of prayer, and used in its integrity, except in case of actual necessitj-. Its force, indeed, in this—that it is scriptural bath in theletter and In the Bpint; as such it is an invaluable guide and standard of spiritual truth and feeling, more espfe caally when in the absence of an ordauW ministry the worship is conducted by a lay rcadcr "I have thus suggested what appears to me under present circumstances an available manna whereby the ministrations of oar Church may in ®ome way roach -the scattered members of our Church. To multiply ministers without adequate paeans of support is only to discredit religion by lowering the standard of the ministry, for a poorly paid ministry becomes in the long nip a poorly qualified mhustiy. Bis in vain to hope that ac complished ministers will select to serve in this colony when by crossing the border of Victoria Uwy vow ameliorate their condition and avoid what is most ti«rac«ng to a sensitive mind—the constant uncertainty of at best a scanty income. Looking, as I must needs do, to the future supply of clergy, I trust this, may be amended, if our clergy are to maintain a high position in reference to the general body of Protestant ministers; or to receive fresh accessions to its number from the Church and Universities at home. "One other topic, which during the past year has been the subject of much discussion, remains to be noticed; it is that of scriptural education in our national schools. As the authoritative stan dard of moral and spiritual truth no moral discipline can be properly carried on by any single teacher In any single school without refe rence to the commandments of God and the example of the Great Teacher himself. How otherwise children are to be restrained from wickedness, blasphemy, malice, hatred, and all uncharitablencss the opponents of Bible reading in our schools have not condescended to point out. Will children mind their master when he bids them not to lie, steal, cheat, hurt, or corrupt each other, if that master does not appear to mind God, beiiu; forbidden to use, read, or refer to God's word! A generation so brought up in our schools, without the light of God's truth, may well become ' a generation of vipers.' The spectacle of a nation of professing Christians deliberate!)- establishing an infidel system of national education is one which I trust we shall be spared in this hitherto evangelical community. "The times themselves, indeed, are redolent of strange audacity both of thought and action. Re vealed religion has, in my opinion, nothing to fear from the progress of careful research into the kingdom of nature or the historical records of man. It has been said, truly I think, that ' no truth in any department of knowledge can ever be in contra diction to anv other truth,' and that in the long run unlimited discussion is the fatal enemy of error—the most certain supporter of truth;'but then the stand-point at least of those lovers of truth, who follow her at all hazards, must be free from suspicion. Hostile attack, or. insidious un dermining, becomes doubly dangerous when di rected by nnfilin.1 treachery. It shakes faith in man; it outrages all moral confidence, when with the ink of subscription to articles of belief scarcely dry, with ordination vows still undulating on the eternal waves of sound, men hint their doubts of the inspired authority of canonical Scripture, question both prophecy and miracle, and receive at the same time what may be called the wages of ini quity to teach that as God's truth which they themselves have already in their own minus suspected if not convicted of falsehood. The lying chronology of Egyptian priests has already been refuted by the royal records on inscribed stones at Karaack—the letter and the doctrine of the Christian Scriptures vindicated by newly dis covered manuscripts of the remotest antiquity. "The coincidence of these literary treasures, beyond all question undesigned, because hidden for centuries in various quarters of the world, suffices to assure us of the genuineness and authen ticity of the sacred writings, nor have we reason to fear that the facts of the Mosaic writings in their religious rather than scientific aspect will be found 'cunningly devised fables.' " EVENING MEETING. In the evening a large attendance of the mem bers assembled at the Church Office, White's Rooms, and over which'His Lordship presided, and opened the proceedings with prayer. SYNODSMEN. The Synod roll was read, and the new members present signed the consensual compact.^ The following letter was read from the Svnods men of Trinity Church:— "Adelaide, May 2,1S61. "The Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of Adelaide. "My Lord—Although we have l>ecn returned to your Lordship by -the very Reverend the Dean as the four representatives for Trinity Church, Ade laide ; to serve in Synod for the ensuing year, yet from there being only one voting- paper given in at the Easter vestry meeting, owing to the small number of seatliolders that attended, wc do not feel it would be evincing a due respect to Synod to seek to enter that body upon a single vote. "Of the circumstances ■ connected with the Easter meeting we presume your Lordship to be fully aware; and although wc lielicve the election of the four representatives, and the official return of them to your Lorship by the Dean, to be in per fect accordance with the regulations of Synod, and with the consensual compact which Trinity Church has joined, yet wc feel that we should be wanting in self-respect also if we took ourseats, in obedience to the summons we have received, without a fur ther expression of the wishes of the congregation. " Although under other circumstances we should have accepted the office with willingness and pride, we now beg, for the preceding reasons, to tender to your Lordsliip, as President of Synod, our resignations of the post of Synodsmeu. "Atthe same time, we cannot refrain from ex pressing our opinions that wc think it but right and due to the large numlier of the Trinity con gregation who voted at the vestry meeting in 1860 U|K>n this very question, tliat a fresli election should take place, rather than that the oldest church in the diocese should be left without its representatives in the governing body of the Church. " IVith the expression of our united confidence in the Diocesan Synod, " We remain, my Lord, "Tour Lordship's faithful servants, "J. H. Fisher. "R. A. Fiveash. "Edmund W. Wright. "Rath. Oldham." His Lordship referred to tlie election of the Synodsman for St. Jolui's, the valiilitv of wliich was doubtful in consequence of its being question able whether the congregation was not included in the same parish as that of St. Bartholomew, Norwood. It appeared also that a doubt existed in reference to the election of the representatives of Christchurch, Kapuuda, It was consequently resolved, on the motion of Sir. A. Blytli, seconded by the Rev. A. R. Russell, tliat all questions of disputed returns be referred to a Select Committee. The following gentlemen were elected by ballot on the Committee:—The Rev. Canon Russell, Messrs. L. W. Thrupn, G. W. Hawkes, and N. Oldham, with Mr. A. Blvth, as the mover. REPORTS AND DOCUMENTS. His Lordship then read the following report on the state of the diocese:— " Diocesan Statistics.—These afford no peat matter for remark or congratulation. As might be expected, the effect of a settled ministry is seen in the increasing returns of several parishes; while, 011 the other hand, two of the older City churches have suffered loss, cither by the migration of in habitants or removal of pewholders to new or more adjacent churches. An increased aggregate num ber both of communicants and school-children is reported, owing chiefly to the opening of new missionary districts and churches. A small falling off in marriages and baptisms may, perhaps, he sufficiently accounted for by the continued depres sion of trade and agriculture to the close of 18S0. "Changes in the Clergy.—Two of tlic clergy' have quitted the diocese since we last assembled, and two have been added to the number officiating. The incumbency of St. Jude's, Port Elliot, remains vacant, no attempt on the part of the congregation to supply an income having been reported. Kivcr ton lias been filled up, and the full administration of the sacraments secured, which, either from the unwillingness of the late officiating deacon, or his incompetence to undergo the usual examination necessary for admission to th6 Presbytery, was im properly and inconveniently interrupted. Consi derations of health, and the hope of making better provision for their families, led to these departures. Four other incumbencies—Glencla St Bartholo mew's, St. Mary's, Sturt, and Kooringa—have undergone a change of ministers. Robe Town, Talunga, and Yankalilla Missionary Districts have been occupied. "Numerous as have been these changes, they have, on the whole, tended to the efficiency of the ministrations of our Church. I cannot however, view, without some degree of pain and apprehen sion, the fact of worthy men and painstaking ministers, brought out at considerable expense from England, feeling themselves compelled, or, at any rate, thinking it expedient to abandon this .diocese for Victoria, Tasmania, or Sydney, or even to return to England. When church stipends are larger, or at least less uncertain, while the climate is more favourable to physical energy, we must be prepared to expect sucb removals; but the cha racter of the diocese'meanwhile suffers in estiraa mation, congregations are scattered, and the diffi culty of supplying cures is continually recuraiug. I am thankful that so many able and devoted men arc willing to put up with frailness qf income rather than forsake their work. But this is not a just or satisfactory state of tilings, and it is for our Christian laity to recognise and remedy the evil, which may lie met by a more liberal contribu tion to ami distribution of Church funds according as every man has need. "Long experience shows that no married clergy man who is doing pastoral duty as he ought can possibly be maintained, even in humble but, decent competence, upon an income of less than £200 per annum, in addition to a parsonage and forage, when he is obliged to keep a horse. This I con ceive to lie a minimum; in many instances, I regret to say, it has proved more than the maximum. Moreover it is a state of things which is said not to exist in other Protestant communions. If so, it is much to be regretted that it should be a constantly recurring complaint in our own. A system of en dowment and official stipend has been devised and carried on by the attorneys of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel, which is slowly and to some extent remedying the evil; but after all, con sidering the above aid as well as that derived from the Allen bequest or other funds supplied from Eng land, I am compelled to own that the working of the voluntary principle has not yet been satis factory in its results. The spirit Of Christian givingi ' * ring is not as diffused among us or as powerful it ought to be. Nor do I believe it ever, will be until the great rule of St. Paid, is adopted and acted upon byeveiy congregation, namely, that on I s Day the worshippers in our Churches innfiwi tit MinhthitfA * n 1 * ^ every Lord's should be invited to contribute 'as God hdsprosk poof, in some cases an annual sum from the Offertory lias been set apart for en dowment; an excellent plan, in my judgment, which might become still more quickly operative if the ancient custom of Easter offerings for the benefit of the minister were generally revived. I earnestly desire that the Synod would take these matters into consideration, and that these my re commendations with regard to the Offertory may go forth with the united approval of ithis represen tative assembly of the Church. "Memorial or Synod to thkQueen.—It is with much satisfaction that I aip enabled to place before you the reply of the Secretary of Sate for the* colonies to our petition, which Her Majesty was pleased to receive very graciously. The Synod will, I think, after careful perusal of this dispatch, fully recognise the 'spirit of wisdom and kindness in which it was dictated, as weUasAhe accuracy of view concerning the positron of the diocese, and the relation of die Imperial and Local Govern ments to it and to each other which it manifests. Of the two pouts to which our petition referred, iB referred nadc for the initiation of a satisfad proposal to the Australian Bishops. Tl iia is aw < stantiallg a recognition of the need of a 'pro vincial.-' Synod, as weu as rt»r>s°Lminut to an | informal permission for l" ' in 1650,'under the wise"gtudance of o of Sydney, theprel&tas; then as sembled thought it expedient not to take. "The other point, more immediately important to ourselves, is the constitution of the Synod. A hank'ahd full recognition through B3b Grace of the legality and propriety of our consensual-compact, and ol the fundamental provisions of the diocese, together with such other provisions and regulations as may lawfully be mad,e in virtue of it, has been made by the expressed willingness of the Crown to embody them in new letters intent. He further sees no objection to the insertion in them of the clause 'declaring Her Majesty's pleasure that all power and ittrisaiction conferred by those letters patent on the Bishop should be exercised in con formity with them.' Gratifying as this is, because ratifying by the highest authority the course of proceeding which in this diocese eigne Io$ Iqcoi reasons has been adopted; still there are tnion- . . renienees which we cannot disguise from ourselves- ■ resulting from the uncertain action of Courts of Law and Junes, as to the obligations resulting from that compact. It is painful in the first place, for a - Church, through its officers, to have to go to law at all with any of its disorderly members. Ibis is adverse to the spirit which ought to reign among Chiiittan men. It is, nevertheless, a union with the State, which every church, sect, or denomina- - tion, whatever be its principle, must recognise, whenever the smallest fraction of property is placed in trust for its benefit. By no possibility can this relation 'to the poteen that be' cease or be got rid of, except by an absolute and complete depen dence of a Church on casual almsgiving. Even here, too, a man might be a thief, ana wrong the other members of the hod}'. His Grace there fore; with very cogent reasoning; suggests the ex pediency of another course, namely, to seek from the Legislature of the colon}* an Act, either general or special lor quasi-mcorporation. So that the Church as a Church having corporate existence might, lite the Universities of Oxford, Cambridge, Dublin, and London, or our own Colle giate school, hold property and make by-laws burling on the voluntary members of such Society, ana that only so long as they continue members of it. " Tliis would give legal permanency and validity to the system which we have deliberately adopted, and which from a growing conviction of its useful ness is steadily extending to the rural districts, and which has now been sanctioned by Her Majesty. With great truth His Grace argues that the Legislature of a colony which insists that the support of the ministry shall be thrown on the members of the Church itself is morally bound to assist by legislative enactment the development of this principle, enabling any and every* denomina tion legally to manage its funds and enforce its own rules. " We seek no aidfroni the public revenue, tee claim no exceptional dign ity, we ask no coercive power except that which is inherent in the administration of our own funds and our own religious rites. We are quite willing to share with other religious communities the advantages derivable from incor poration. "Prom connection with the State, so far as Courts of Law are concerned, none can be exempt. To diminish litigation, by defining the legal powens of each Cnurch. is a simple act of evennanded justice, seeing that such powers are granted to Trading and Charitable Companies. It ts, moreover, in accordance with the spirit of our institutions by developing more fully the voluntary principle of clerical support. Having said thus much, I invite your early and serious attention to this most important and valuable despatch; " Missionary Districts.—I turn now with con siderable pleasure to the progress of missionary labour and the opening up of new spheres of mini sterial usefulness during the past year. In this work I have been assisted by the counsel of clergy and synodsmcn associated with myself, and my official coadjutors, the Archdeacon and Sural Deans, as a consultation Committee for missionary opera tions, with the view of enabling the Bishop better to provide for the spiritual care of the members of our Church not included in the parochial dis tricts. . "Besides Bobc Town, where the Bev. E. Reiil is exercising his ministry* with deserved and in creasing influence, both in the town itself and ad jacent stations, the district extending from Yanka lilla to Cape Jervis has been placed under the Eev. A. Cooper. Assisted by four lay readers, who have given themselves heartily to the work, he is enabled to maintain Divine service at five places, and has recently laid the foundation of a third church in the district. "The Talunga Mission, comprising the town ship and neighbourhoods of Mount Pleasant and Mount Torrens, was confided to the care of the Eev. C. J. Martin; hut my hope of liis permanent settlement in-that cure has been disappointed, since he iias.exprcsscd his intention to resign it at the close of six months from his appointment. "The opportune return of the Biev. JohnFulford enabled me to fill up an important appointment recommended by the Mission Committee; for which, on that recommendation, the attorneys of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel had provided a sufficient stipend. It was intended that he should pay a visit to Kangaroo Island, and arrangements were initiated for his going thither, hut the steamer failing to make the trip tliis object was not accomplished. Meanwhile ample employ ment was found for bis services in the district ex tending from Echunga to Port Elliot. Accordingly I appointed him to liold- services, as recommended by the Missions Committee, at Macclesfield and Stratliaibyn, the Goolwa, Milang, Port Elliot, Bull's Creek, the Bremer, and Wellington. On his accepting the incumbency of Kooringa, so valu able were considered the results of the missionary chaplain appointment that the attorneys of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel did not hesitate to continue the stipend for two years next ensuing, and I was consequently enabled to write to the Board at home to send out a duly-qualified and suitable clergyman for this important duty. It is quite certain, that upon the piety and dili gence, the discretion and demeanour of the mis .sionary will depend the prospect of opening self -supporting missions ana eventual incumbencies. (Appendices A anil B.) "The discovery of valuable mines in Forke's Peninsula has drawn together at Wallaroo a popu lation already estimated at from 1,000 to 1,509, consisting principally of miners from Cornwall Their spiritual wants arc provided for by the Primi tive Methodists and the Wesleyau connection. I liave not, however, been unmindful of the possible wants of the members of our Church, and have accordingly licensed as lay reader Mr. Herschel Bahbage, to hold the Chinch of England service as occasion offers. A supply of Prayer-books lias also been forwarded for sale or distribution; and Mr. Charles Babliage, on his own application, lias been supplied with Church of England tracts for distri bution. "Steps have been taken by the Bey. J. Sheldon towards the erection of a church at Mount Gam bier, in furtherance of which I liavercceivcd offers of assistance from two of the principal settlers in the immediate neighbourhood. In my recent visitation of that district I found a rapid change taking place, from a purely pastoral to a busy agricultural condition. Die opening of Port Mac Donnell has given a great impulse to farming pur suits ; and tlio very extensive run of MountSchanck; about to be sold, will largely add to the population. Under these circumstances, it appears desirable to make Gambierton the station of aresident minister of our Church. There are ample means, could they be drawn forth by a resident minister, to render tliis a self-supporting incumbency. This, however, is a work of time and organization, during which period the missionary must be maintained partially at least from extraneous funds. "I found the district at present occupied by M>. Sheldon far too extensive to he efficiently served. By reducing the number of stations for holding service more frequent visits have been ensured, and more time allowed for the demand of pulpit ministrations. Mount Gamhier has now monthly service, and Penola on alternate Sundays. The former place, however, is making rapid strides in wealth, population and importance, owing to the fertility of the soil in its immediate vicinity. I also remarked a great change going on in the occu pancy of stations: the properties either changing hands, or being left to the care of subordinate managers. The evils of an absentee proprietary arc already beginning to befell This circumstance alone will probably necessitate a rearrangement of this missionary district at the close of the present guarantee to Sir. Sheldon. "A recent missionary visit to Melrose by the Eev. J. S. Jackson, in pursuance of an arrangement with Mr. Grant, of Goonatto, has proved very acceptable to the inhabitants of the township and the numerous persons employed on the station. The expense of this quarterly missionary service is entirely defrayed uy Mr. Grant; ana it will effectually further his intended planting of a tesi dent clergyman at Melrose,! for which be propose® to devote no less a sum than £1100. (Appendix ' C.) The notes of this missionary tour, as well as Mr. Fulford's to the soutli, are to this report, together with a brier hum- : maryof the operations carried on by tiie advice o£ - the Missions Committee. (Appendix C.) But to ' what good purpose will it be to have opened fresh districts and built a few rural churches, if from insufficiency of stipends worthy clergy men who labour in the Word and doctrine are compelled one by one to quit the diocese 1 A remedy for tliis it is important speedily to devise. Crippled as we are for want of funds, far morn crippled are the effective operations of our Church, from paucity of men, who neither- shrink from the labour nor dislike the aggressive character of missionary service. It requires, indeed, a rare combination of physical mental, and spiritual qualities to constitute the effective missionary clergyman, and all our rural incumbencies are more or less missionary. Let us pray, then, tjbe Lord of the harvest that He will raise np and send into His vineyard labourers in ail respects fitted to. qo the work of the harvest. Without such agency vital religion must languish: and He lone who knows the heart can thrust forth by the longings of an earnest faith those ministers who shall turn many to righteousness. Plant and water as sue will He alone who gave the seed can also make it spring up and grow up and bring forth fruit abun dantly. 