THE : CENTRAL "ELECTION ) : COMMITTEE.-:- ' ' -i : vve knew now it would be. We said "tthe ' Protection' Leagiie"':'wris no " league , at all,, btit a;, mere rope of sand. ; ;Arid that ; .veiy . niiscellaneou's) oouy. pi. gentlemen, .. wuo , so:. styled themselves,.' have .taken the earliest opportunity, of showing we. were right. Their first not, after the meeting nt the Mechanics', was'towrite to 'the: news papers, and' declare 'that they objected ' '®f) 'ceriairi 1 gbritleriirin " .'heirig in any way associateiTwith the " inpyemnt," for rio other reason than that; lie, was one of the . oldest protec tionists in the colony. , And .now they have driven: another t gentleman out of Jjheir_ ianks> bjr' doing' more ' oppnly. what) in the" former "ense, they were only aimliiig' ; 'at ' 'coyoftlyt'T ' A letter, headed ,, "Protection,'; , in another, column, will, , more , fully reveal our! meaning).' . . ; r/ ... I From -that letter, we. gather, that the- gentlemen, jwho so ostentatiously . held! forth at the .Mechanics! as " tlie Protec tion League," have resolved themselves into a " Central rElection .Committee,"1 whatever that ' means.1. /! We can under stand. what a' league is, nnd what an election c'oinniittee : is.) And' wo can understand _ what, /a-. Protection: "League" is, if confined to protection, and what a tl Centrel Election Commit- , tee " is, so long as its members restrict! theiriselves to tlie interests of that por tion of the community,' of which, in the majority of cases, they are the self- constituted (guardians. , But we ideny the, right of. any body of gentlemen to take the.stj'le and title of " the Pro- " tection League," and, at -the same time,' to adopt as' their mbtto, "Prp'tec- \- tion, an Amended Land Act, Pay merit " of Members, rind a Reform ! of the "Upper House,!' - This is; to sail under false colours. , And we no less deny the right of- any body : of, gentlemen; got together under the name of " the "Protection League," orbfth'e '.'Cen- " tral Election Committee, ""with ' such a programfne, to seek .tp influence.'the electipn out 61 thpi'r, own- 1 districts, lliat . would only be to intensify, the mockery,, ori to. males. th« eliont ludicrously laughable arid offensive. | Such,": however, is the object of the geritlemen who Intel)' rejoiced in the name of " the Pro tec tion '.League," arid now in that of ; " the Central Election . Committee," as is , evident from the letter of a.eorrespondent, who, althoun-h an ..active .promoter of- the meeting at the Mechanics', and a member ot the.. Committee, refuses . to .have any ; further ' connexion ' with .the movement. Our correspondent , is not ashamed to gdmit, but rather glories in the' fact, that he was one of the enthusiasts/ who "put shoulder to the " wheel, to start tho first PmfoM: 1 "Society" the colony can boast ? " rit Bellarine," and that he afterwa5 helped to transplant it to Geelono- „ more than three years ago. a/// has no objection whatever to tl trading of the Melbourne patriots „ Bellaririe and. Geelong brains, provide ' only, that they 'are. not so " mnn-nan; " mously patriotic," as to insfst „» " four popular measures," when the ' are avowedly only aiming at tit adoption, of . one. : . And thus what with 'that class of: protectionist who object to have their names in anv ' way associated with the movement and with that class to whose names tlm committee object, as being in any Wa- associated' with it,- protection seem. I likely, even in. its mildest form,— tjlak '! ui putciiuuii iu uiiwve inaustryj" $ have; on this occasion,' to pay q. | penalty ot political crucifixion. .In SUcl | hands as the " Central Election Com- " mittee," those; similarly ' .'conditioned I with regard ! to protection; views, wnn- I the head at " proteotipn',-'! and deride ft \ with its inability to help.iteelf. | 1 Neitlipr .01' public ' meeiings nor in I the., columns' of" the newspapers-, '! neither in the country districts, nor'on I the, goldfields, — does it stand the ghost I of a chance. . That indestructible pari 1 of boots; that big jirice for a little loaf that long exploded delusion, of seeking to get rich by taking money- out of one pocket and putting it in) another is everywhere the standing . joke, if it be thought worth while, indeed, to joke on. such a subject at all. The bum thought of getting rich ourselves, orof adding to the prosperity of the com munity generally, by compelling the rnerchant' to pay more for his goods' thrin he can procure .tliern for abro"-' and thus raising the price on the con sumer, is one of the rankest of foil; . WhenMosEsPniMnose, intheextrem'ty of family straits, was sent to market iv'tf his father's horse, and brought back « gross of green spectacles, as its price he, -no; .doubt, thought, he had done a .very wise .thing. But everybody else accounted it the act of a confirmed simpleton. And hardly less foolish would it be for us to think of vordinn- bff poverty,— although : the cases may riot be exactly; jiaralleJ,— by placing h.erivy duties! on foreign commodities whicli we should strive to' do without and thus raising the price" of imported and. colonially produced articles, which we must all, more or less/consume. As jl one pf.the representatives of, the a"Ti- cultural 'interest said at the meetmg at the Mechanics;, protection will never become the law ,of.:, the, land, unless the farmers are protected as well as others. But who: is so mad,- now that we are on the eve of producing What will sup ply- our home wants, as to' think of protecting the farmers) . for the mere sake of airiiinishing the 'size,: nnd in creasing; the price, of. the loaf, to all other classes ? n . This; however, i is ' evidently what our;: correspondent wants; and his failure1 ; to ' have this '. persistently forced ' on the attention' of the public is, as he' . himself gives ' us to understand, the, cause . of his secession fromi .the quondam . " Protection . f'Lengue,".'. but now : newly- yclept " Central Election Committee." . Had he only had half an eye" to: business, he g ought t'o have seen, irb'ui the jfirst, that 1 he. .'was stepping aside '.from! what; he eg rlflPmpfl tllfl nrnnor lino nf Jntw itrimn H he associated himself with it. ' Protec- S : .tion: was the blind, . the watchword, If whereby, the leaders of this move- |! ment sought -to gather a party H around them, -under that nrime, ' fo'f'tlie rittainmeri't' of objects very dis- | similar to those denoted Jby' it. And 8 they took good care, .that ; no time | should he.lost, ; in ' warning off people, 3 who happened to . differ with them on. | other points, however sound they were 1 on this, whenever; there1 was .the least |j apprehension of danger, j 'That there | : ; are men among- them, so silly as to 1 .hfive, firm faith in protectionist doc- |f trines, ,and that, these -.men. hope to jftj achieve ! a i.triumph for. their principles, by, means of; this " Central' Eleotiou || "tCommittee," 1 we /have no manner of H doubt;1 But whatrire'' they, in point of m numbei-s, to; tlie ' great, bulk of those H yihpm, .they /.aye „ associated, and H who "have otlier ;objects in view ? Otherwise than as we feel'the import- ® anoe of'ihaving the publio'iriind well H guarded nnd fortified on'the'subject, we « should- have regretted 1 the "necessity |||j under which wet ivere. placed by our B correspondent!s letter . so soon to return H to it. But, as we have done .so/ let ns Hj fix the attention of ovir readers on oii3 correlative point. Immigration has H oi .late been spoken of - as ono of the most popular subjects of the day. But ii do1 the' gentlemen- connected with this- Eg movement, and wh seek thereby to influence the .elections, take any cogni- IS sance of immigration, or do.- more than g meet it- with a leer and a jeer ? When g their chairman, who has. published a book ori imriiigration, suggested " land, B " protection, and population," as their || motto/did they: adopt it ? , And if not; |j| why ? Was it -not' deinocratic enough ||j for them ? Or did it not sufficiently a point to the ends they sought to gain ? gj " Protection, nn Amended Land Act, 1 " Payment. of Members, and a Reform w " of the Upper House," does not, we || must confess, seem to us any improve- . 1 ment; But then that, it may be snid, 1 is a matter of taste. Exactly; and for || thnt reason, we should' object to have m anything' to do with a body of people with any such motto. And. we should. :j| )e the more guarded' against having M anything to do with them,' if it were || shown to us, ris it has been in this case, thnt themotto'was adopted, not honestly : ',t| and sincerely, but for ulterior purposes. |h Hope fob the Bald. — "Will Warners," of Strut ford- on- Avon, . whoso castB of Slink- jvj spere aro known, to Bomo' of our rcadors, write v|| -as follows: — Somo six months ago I took a jl co9t.from.tho head of a boldhoodod gentleman .y M!y material was tho puro Derbyshire piaster mixed with a littlo cloy from Brosoly. Strnngo to say, a beautiful crop of down has sprung up on tho gentleman's bald head. Ho attri butes it to tho cast being takon, the results o' 4 2 tho material. If bo, let all try it, and onyonft can dp it. I haro devoted my time to casti many years, but never have had to record bo strango an occurrence as the growth of bok after the cast wa9 takon I wish some of youj correspondents would etato tho cause, M whether our.. bald-hnAdnd nnnnfrumon migot iD :with safety try tho experiment." —Builder. ' ./j 