TOOWOOMBA MUNICIPAL COUNCIL WEDNESDAY, MARCH 13. The Council met pursuant to adjournment. Present—The Mayor; Aldermen Boulton, McCarthy, Berkman, and Robertson. The minutes of last meeting were read and con- firmed. A letter was read from the Under Secretary, Mr A. W. Manning, to the Mayor, enclosing a report from the Surveyor-General's Office, upon the subject of compen- sation to parties whose lands may be infringed upon for new street purposed. The Council proceeded to consider the assessors report, and finished the same. The Council then adjourned to Saturday, 15th March, when they again assembled. Present—The Mayor, Aldermen McCarthy, Berkman, Mole, Peardon, Robertson, Ryan, and Boulton. The minutes of last meeting were read and con- firmed. A letter was read from John Watts, Esq., enclosing one from the Colonial Secretary's Office, containing an answer to the petition from the Mayor and Aldermen, praying for a sum of £2000 to be placed upon the esti- mates, for improving the main thoroughfares of Too- woomba. (This letter will be found in another part of our issue.) The report of the Assessors was considered and adopted, as amended by the Council. (In our former report upon this subject, we stated that a scale of 10, 12, and 13 per cent, had been agreed to assess by, but we find that afterwards a uniform rate of 10 per cent. was agreed upon. According to notice— The MAYOR moved—"That the salary of the Town Clerk, be £175 per annum, and that the Council forth- with call for parties willing to accept the offer." The MAYOR, in moving the resolution said, that as this was the first money vote which had come before the Council, he hoped that a conscientious opinion would be arrived at. A gentleman, whose opinion was entitled to some weight and consideration, had sug- gested to him the propriety of allowing the salary of the Town Clerk to remain, as decided by the Council on 19th January; but on reconsidering the subject, he could not alter his opinion, as expressed in the resolu- tion now submitted. The sum of £175 was not, in his opinion, excessive, particularly when they bore in mind the high rate of rent, the price of provisions, and other incidental expenses. The clerical duties of the office were at present heavy, and now that the rates were to be levied, and the duties of collector added to the office of clerk, he thought £175 by no means too high, whilst it was as much as the Council at present could afford to give. ALDERMAN MOLE seconded the motion, and entirely concurred with the remarks of the Mayor. He thought £175 as little as the Council could offer any gentleman who would perform efficiently the office of Town Clerk. Alderman McCARTHY supported the motion, and thought the amount proposed by the Mayor was rather small. The duties were great, and the office responsible, and the salary should be in proportion; but at economy was to be studied, he should on this occasion vote for the resolution. Alderman PEARDON should vote for the resolution, on the ground that if the Council were to have a compe- tent officer, they should pay him a satisfactory salary. Alderman BERKMAN and ROBERTSON supported the resolution, for similar reasons. The resolution was then put, and carried unani- mously. According to notice the '" Mayor moved— That from the absence of a Court House and other necessary accommodation for the Municipality of Too- woomba, an address from the Council be presented to the Government praying that a sum of money may be placed upon the estimates, for the erection of a Town Hall." Seconded by Alderman BERKMAN and carried unanimously. After some conversation it was unanimously agreed that separate tenders should be called for, for the fol- lowing purposes :— 1st For a culvert at the bottom of Margaret-street, near Mr Hodgson's land—2nd For stumping and clearing Stuart-street from Herries- street, to James-street—and 3rd for clearing and stump- ing the entire length of Ruthven-street. That the bridge adjoining Alderman Boulton's should be re- paire. Alderman Mole undertook to draw two large logs ; and Aldermen Boulton, Robertson, and Mole agreed to superintend the laying of some loads of stone which the Council agreed to have carted there. His Worship the Mayor, mentioned that Mr James Taylor had offered to rent the house formerly, occupied by Mr Walker as a store, for a Council Chamber at £52 per annum. Alderman Peardon stated, that Mrs. Fry's cottage might be obtained for 8s. per week ; the Coun- cil thought renting Mr Taylor's premises would entail too great an expense, and it was finally agreed that if Mrs. Fry would make certain repairs the Council would take her house for twelve months. The Council then adjourned to Saturday, the 30th instant. THE EMBRYO "TOOWOOMBA HERALD" AND OURSELVES. — The following tit bit of cool exaggeration and mis-statement of facts can only be equalled by another production signed " Ghost of Drayton " from the same pen, that appears in another column of the M. B. Courier.' The " Our Correspondent " and the '' Ghost of Drayton," and the embryonic Editor of the Toowoomba Herald, are so much upon a par, as far as veracity is concerned, that we have no doubt the " Gentlemen in the neighbourhood " who have volun- teered to back our new contemparary in "Literary matters," will do so in a manner that will make it an exceedingly efficient organ of local prejudices, vindic- tiveness, and personalities. The fallacy of the state- ments in the following are too apparent to need refu- tation, and we would warn the proprietor of the "Parramatta Chronicle " to beware of exaggerated and fictitious inducements of support that are not likely to be realised, and that emanate from men who merely desire an efficient organ of spleen wherewith to gratify their personal antipathies. We invite the proprietor of the to be Toowoomba Herald to a notice in another column headed " A last appeal," by which he will find that in all probability he will have, in more senses than one. " A clear field and no favor. " We have examined the 'Parramatta Chronicle,' of of the 9th inst., and find therein no notification of any contemplated removal of that journal ; and it is scarcely supposable that our Toowoomba friends know more of the business arrangements of the ' Parramatta Chronicle ' than the proprietor of that journal does himself, though it is quite evident that some of them pretend to do so. As to attributing the movement to start the new paper to the one sided course taken by this journal in support of Drayton, the fallacy of such a statement is at once apparent. If the compliment is paid us of asserting that this journal has so efficiently advocated the progress and prosperity of the town we publish in as to awaken the jealousy of the sister town, and give occasion for another journal there, then the offer to remove this journal to Toowoomba would assuredly have been made, especially as the proprietor was known to be willing to treat to that effect. No, the movement may have in origin in vindictiveness, rather than in our " one- sided course." It is made no secret of that Mr J. C. White considered himself aggrieved at some remarks about him that appeared come time since in this journal. He withdrew his subscription, and it was asserted that be employed a hireling scribbler to glorify and defend himself, and attack this journal in the columns of a contemporary. Peter Plymley, however, came off second best ! and Mr White, to carry out his vengeance possibly, determined to get up an opposition paper, which was made no secret of, even by his friends, as we could prove by quoting a conversation that occurred yesterday. Mr White may be an energetic man, and he may be a vindictive one, but it is a great pity that his energy should be misdirected by his antipathies, and a greater still if it should be rendered impotent thereby, A journal established to vindicate the wounded vanity of "the most marked man in the district," is not likely to have a very strong hold on the public sympathies or popular support. This journal is the Darling Downs Gazette, not the "Dray- ton Gazette." The one-sidedness of the proposed opposition paper is implied in its title, " The Too- Cu, it will herald the progress of Toowoomba, and so advertise the Downs. Upon all occasions we have afforded a fair space for any items of Toowoomba news or interest that were obtainable, and the charge of our one-sided course is not believed in by anyone, the writer of the following inclusive; " Steps have been taken to es- tablish a new local journal in Toowoomba. The cause of this procedure is the systematically one-side course lately adopted by the Drayton " Gazette," in upholding and puffing, to a ridiculous extent whatever appertains to Drayton, and treating Toowoomba as a mere suburb of the town of Drayton, and, as such, entitled only to occasional notice, when space and convenience suited. Some influental parties in Toowoomba have, it would appear, been for some time past negotiating with the proprietor of the ' Parramatta Chronicle,' who has consented to remove his paper, &c;, to Toowoomba, on payment of £200, which sum has been subscribed by the people of Toowoomba, and Mr. J.C. White, who is at present on a visit to Sydney, has been deputed to make the necessary arrangements. It is expected that the new journal will be published in about six weeks hence. The name I hear, is to be the 'Toowoomba Herald and Darling Downs Advertiser.' The surround- ing stations have promised I understand, liberally to support the new undertaking, whilst several gentlemen in the neighbourhood are prepared to back it up in literary matters, so as to render it an efficient organ of public opinion." NEW STREETS IN TOOWOOMBA.— We beg to call the attention of all who are interested in Too- woomba, to the meeting to be held there on Saturday evening, to consider the propriety of acceding to the proposals of Government, with reference to the for- mation of new streets in the Township. The subject is one of paramount importance to every landholder in the place, and we trust the meeting will be largely attended, and conducted with such amicable feelings as may conduce to the benefit of all interested. CANAL CREEK GOLD FIELD.— A public meeting was held in Ipswich, yesterday, to take into consideration the application for assistance from the Drayton Gold Prospecting Committee. Immediate action will be taken on receipt of the results of that meeting. Since writing the above, the following com- munication has been received from the Town Council of Ipswich, from which it will be observed that the Mayor is taking active steps to assist the Drayton Committee in the objects in view, and we have little doubt we shall be enabled in our next issue to announce that an amount has been subscribed, sufficient to enable "two" prospecting parties to be sent out.— Council Chamber, Ipswich, 15th March. 1861.— SIR—I have been directed by the Mayor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter, dated the 27th ultimo, enclosing copy of the minutes of a public meeting, held at Drayton, for the purpose of organising one or two parties to examine and test the auriferous character of the country around Canal Creek. The Mayor has called a public meeting of the inhabitants of Ipswich; for Wednesday evening next, to take the matter into consideration the result of which I shall have the honor to communicate to your.— I have the honor to be, Sir, your most obe dient servant, JOHN ARKINS, Town Clerk. — W.S. Anderson, Esq., Honorary Secretary, Drayton Gold Prospecting Committee." The strongly worded opinions of our Ipswich contemporaries, in commendation of the energy displayed by the Drayton community with reference to this movement, will appear in our next. ROBBERY.—On Sunday a Chinaman named Tanam, a resident in Toowoomba, found that the cot- tage which he inhabits had been broken into and a top coat, and two one pound notes, and one gold ring, stolen. Information was given to the Police, who pro- ceeded to look for the offender. On Monday Constable Maloney, having found that the stolen coat had been left at Mr. Mc'Carthy's by a man who had been there that morning, and that this man was the same who had been before the Court some time ago, for going violently into Mr. John Graham's house and alarming the family, and who was at the time dismissed with a reprimand, Maloney went in search of the offender, and after a most extraordinary hunt discovered him at the back of a hut on Mr. Charles Taylor's farm and apprehended him. The number of turns and dodges the man made were wonderful, and Constable Maloney deserves much credit for the patience and perseverance with which he conducted the search, in which it is very fortunate he was successful, as the prisoner is evidently one of those skulking vagabonds who are to be found now and again lurking about townspips, without any settled employment or any wish to procure any, principally subsisting by theft, and the removal of whom is a very great benefit to the community. Joseph Cooper, the prisoner above referred to was on Tuesday morning brought before his Worship the Mayor and fully committed to stand his trial upon the above charge. DRAYTON POST-OFFICE.— The following letter has been received by the Proprietor of this Journal, in reply to the Memorial that was recently forwarded to the Postmaster-General.— " To W. H. Byers, Esq., Drayton. Sir— I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter, enclosing a numerously signed Memorial from the inhabitants of Drayton and its vicinity, relative to the removal of the head Post Office from Drayton to Toowoomba and certain pro- posed alterations in the postal time table. I have no present intention of removing the office in question. I am in correspondence with the Police Magistrate at Drayton, lately appointed Postal Inspector for your district on the other matters mentioned in the Memorial, and to whom it has been referred for a report. The Postal Inspector is in possession of my views on the subject, and to him I beg to refer you for farther information. I have the honor to be, Sir, your obedient servant, R. R. MACKENZIE. General Post-office, Bris- bane, 13th March." NEW ZEALAND. - LATEST FROM THE SEAT OF WAR.— By the Kate, from Auckland, we have five days' later from New Plymouth, viz, to the 10th of Feb. The news (says the Nee Zealander) is of a chequered character. The work of capturing rifle pits and of making approaches, in scientific fashion to the fortified pahs proceeds steadily : but the natives, finding these quarters too hot, appear to have taken to the open country, and now beleaguer the town more closely than ever. There is no safety for individuals even within a mile from the millitary barracks. Peace has been talked of, but Wiremu Kingi requires that "the unconditional cession of the Waitara" shall be the basis of the negociation. That little concession having been made, and the murders, the robberies, the burning of houses, and destruction of property, having been pardoned. Kingi and his allies might suspend their opperations, for a short time at least. As, however, these concessions are not very likely to be made, it is not perhaps too much to say that peace is as distant as ever, and that the possibility of restoring amicable relations between the European population of Taranaki and their native neighbours becomes day by day more faint. The Southern Cross, on the same topic, remarks :— The war is slowly progressing, and, step by step, General Pratt is scouring such positions as command the Waitara Seabord. This, however, has not been done without loss, and we regret to say that, in the last affair, near Hapurona's Pa, a serious loss has been sustained. Our troops seemed to have suffered severely from an unseen enemy, whilst it it impossible to say what the loss has been on the side of the insur- gents. Captain Strange, of the 65th, was killed on this occasion. Known and respected as that officer was in every part of New Zealand where he has served, comment on his death as necessary : he has fallen as a gallant officer in the execution of his duty, and has left many to lament him amongst us. Mr. T. C. King, member of Bell and Gray district, lately elected, and Captain in the Taranaki Militia, has likewise fallen; not in fair fight, but shot down and murdered by those who knew him, and served him in other times One of the oldest and most respected settlers in Taranaki he had shown himself during the war and able, inde- fatigable and gallant officer. His death will be most lamented where himself was best known. We understand that troops are under orders to proceed immediately hence to Taranaki.— S. M. Herald. DRAYTON AGRICULTURAL RESERVE. — The previous Proclamation has been cancelled, and a new Reserve declared with the following boundaries: — 11,000, acres, more or less, situated in the County of Aubigny, near Drayton, commencing at the south west corner of the Drayton Town Reserve, and bounded thence on part of the north by part of the south bound- ary of that Reserve bearing east about 1½ miles on the east by a line bearing south about 3½ miles; on the south by a line bearing west till it meets the southerly prolongation of the east boundary line of a pre-purchase of 640 acres by J. D. M'Lean ; on the west by that southerly prolongation, being a line bearing north to the south east corner of that portion, thence by the east boundary of the same portion to the north east corner thereof; again on the north by part of the south boundary of a measured portion of 640 acres, containing the Drayton Race Course bearing east to its south east corner : again on the west by the east boundary of the last mentioned portion to its north east corner ; again on the north by part of the south boundary of a pre- purchase of 320 acres by J. D. M'Lean, bearing east to the south east corner thereof ; again on the west by the east boundary of the same portion bearing north; again on the south by the north boundary of the same portion bearing west; again on the west by part of the east boundary of another pre-purchase of 320 acres by J. D M'Lean, bearing north to the northeast corner thereof, and by a line bearing north till it meets the westerly prolongation of the west boundary of the extension of the Drayton Town Reserve, as proclaimed on the seventh day of December, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine; again on the south by that westerly prolongation of the east boundary of another pre-purchase of 320 acres by J. D. M'Lean ; again on the west by a line north to the south east corner thereof, and by the east boundary thereof, and by its northerly prolongation bearing north until it meets the westerly prolongation of the north boundary of the aforesaid extension at the Drayton Town Reserve ; again on the north by that westerly prolongation bearing east to the north west corner of extension ; again on the east by the west boundary of that extension bearing south; again on the north by the south boundary of that ex- tension bearing east; and again on the east by part of the west boundary of the original Drayton Town Re- serve, bearing south to the point of commencement. THE ELECTORAL LISTS.— A Revision Court will be holden at the Royal Hotel, Toowoomba, on Thursday the 18th instant, for the purpose of revising the Electoral Lists for the districts of Toowoomba, and the Western Downs, and a similar court will be holden at the Drayton Police Office at 3 o'clock on the same day, for the purpose of revising the lists taken in this town. 