CONSECRATION OF ST. LUKE'S CHURCH, BURWOOD. . . i .....i. , ; YEBTEBDAY niflrniDg tbe consecration of this edifice toole plsee st Barwood, in the presenoe of a largo number of the members of the church resident in the neighbour' hood. The clergy - present on tbe occasion beside the Lord Bishop, who performed the oeremony, were tho Very Rev. the Dean of Sydney, tho Bevorends E. Bogers, á. H. Stephen, T. H. Wilkinson, H. S. King, Thomas Hayden, G. W. Bichardson, A. H. Bull, Paroy Smith, T. Schleatier, and W. Lnmadaine (the olergyman of the pariah). ; ..i,.. . ... At eleven o'clock the petition' from the minister and some of tbe members of the churoh to the Bishop to o nsecr.ite, was read. The deed of consecration, setting the edifice apart from all profane and oommon uses, to the worship of ' Almighty God, acoording to the,rights and ceremonies ol the United Church of England and Ireland, was then read, both of which doouments were ordered to be laid up in the registry of the diocese. - \ The Bishop and olergy then formed a procession 'down the church, and returned, repeating alternately tbe 34th Psalm. > , , His Lordship then, standing.on the north side of the communion table, briefly addressed the assembled con ; grcgation, after which be offered up prayers, dedica- ting the sacred ; edifice to the worship of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, and invoking the blessing of the Holy Trinity apon the undertaking. ' The usual morning service was read by the Bev. William Lurnsdaine, the minister of the church, the Dean reading the first lesson, and the Bev. Ai H.Bali the second. Hin Lordship the Bishop preaobed the sermon, tak. ing for hi* text Col. j. 33, from whioh he shewed what should be the BUbjeot, the manner, and the end of the Christian minister's preaching and teaching. A collection was then made at tbe offertory in aid of the building fand, but we did not learn what it amounted tc. .'.'I'.1'" The Lord's supper waa administered, and a conBir derable number remained to partake thereof.; , Tho Churoh was well filled on the ooeaai m, an indica- tion that tte principal residents felt a lively interest in the good work which bad called the congregition together: The Charon is built in the Gothic style of architecture ; its dimensions are-lengtb, 76 feet; width, 35 feet. The roof which has a very high pitch is op n. The windows are lanoet. Ie appears to. be very well ven ti. lated, .and will doubtless he a great comfort to the members of the Church of England in that locality. We believe tbe building has cost about £1600. : Tbe number of' failures in the United States has been steadily decreasing hinca 1857, which, it .will, be remem- bered, was a year of great commercial depression. List year, tbe total wis 3076, as oompared with 3913 in I860, 1325 in 1888, and 4937 in 1867. 'The liabilities repre- sented by tbe figures amounted to 79,807,816 dollars last year, 64,394.000 dollars In I860. 95.749.603 dollars in 18S8. and 391,760,000 dollars in 1837. . , On Monday last, ss the down train which leaves Athlone fur Castlerea at 7 S p.m., approiohed the bridge ot Tithterd. n,' nsar.the contemplated Lecarrow Station, thc eoRtne-diiver^perceived a man on the eminence of tb? briiipe levelling a gun towards bim, u^on which be instantly shifted . hU position ; the, gun was imme- dttteiy discharged,'and tiie toilet or' pellet struck,«nd Jinan! the eqsirje jfl the lino, cf tbe poor mon**, prevjou, ; j posi'ion, .t 