A STORY FOR THE NEW YEAR. DEDICATED TO THE MEMBERS OF' THE LILLIS "V NATIVE ASSEMBLY. WE learn from that very indubitable source, " the best authority," that the following extraordinary circumstance happened upon the last night of the old year to an illustrious personage whose local habitation is not one hundred miles from Government House. Sir George had just got rid of Mackenzie, who, towards the end of the evening begins to become rather a bore, more especially if he tries to talk upon business. Everybody in the house had retired for the night except the wakeful orderly, who, as he paced his lonely round, beguiled himself with visions of copious libations of Jamaica on the festive morrow. Sir George sat in his library with a bottle of very excellent claret before him, together with an opened volume of his favourite author, Homer. He had prepared himself to enjoy a brief hour in company with the " blind old man of Scio's ancient isle" and the refreshing liquid before mentioned. His thoughts however gradually begun to wander from Hector to Herbert, and from Achilles to the hon. member for the Valley, and from the battles of the Greeks and Trojans to other battles of a less sanguinary nature, and of more recent occurrence within his own immediate neighbourhood. Sinking deeply and more deeply into reverie his thoughts began to recur from the beautiful land over which he was placed . as ruler to the old country, and the jolly Christmas times and New Year's eves he had witnessed there. Ah ! people do enjoy themselves There. Even nascent colonial governors can see some fun. Then appeared to his mind Christmas' in the country, with tim crisped ground glittering in the moonlight like a crystal floor, the dark glossy holly bushes with their, scarlet clusters of coral-like berries, and the old manor house standing out sharply in the moonlight, appearing to wear a grim smile upon its weather-beaten visage, as the reason tion of the huge fire within danced and flickered across the big hall-window. And within it what uproar and merriment! The dancing, the forfeits, and the tantalising bushy mistletoe, with a wide field for its operation amongst the company ; the young student from college, the boys home faille holidays, the young officer who had just received his cadetship and was proud of his uniform, the venerable head of the establishment himself, the numerous male visitors (from poor relations to most remote connections who had anticipations), and the female portion of the party. Such healthy, graceful, bright-eyed young James You would travel all over Australia unsuccessfully to find their equal. Then arose a vision of Christmas in town, with large, heavy, stately houses in which are held large and withal somewhat heavy and stately parties. There also, even one of " the old nobility" might find pleasure in taking an outside view of the Christmas of his happy plebeian neighbours. Crowds of merry filles marketing in the streets preparing for Christmas crowds of merry faces in the plebeian pit of a theatre watching a paste of mimPäfterÜhristmas,andotb.erpha3CB of pie tot. ' began enjoyment are very pleasant to observe. Mentally then Sir George descended as a Christmas reverse the humbler reasons, from the Christmas of the Manor House in the Christmas of the poor worker in the factory, from the Christmas of Belgravia to the Christmas of Whitechapel and the New Cut. There, father Christmas, he pictured with ungentle hand, adding keener pangs to freezing penury, and maddening to fiercer desperation drunken vice. Then came pictures of beings with the Divine imprint almost eradicated, crowds huddled, stifled together, crying out piteoUsly for room, and crushing each other in their struggle to preserve a miserable existence. "Mammonite mothers" murdering their children to obtain the burial fee, men urged on by the keen pangs of glamourous hunger to bring their little boys up to crime and their young daughters to prostitution ; distressed weavers, pale mechanics, gaunt artizans who had " struck " and starved, an eager crowd having sprung forward at the call of tyrant Capital to supply their places. All pushing, swearing, fighting, and crushing each other, clamorous for room, room for their energies to work in a light direction, room to breathe pure air and wring from the earth a sufficiency of food for themselves and those dearer ones belonging to them. Then appeared in panorama before the vice-regal mind the boundless unoccupied tracts of verdure and fertility which he ruled over, and the very impolitic question arose Why are men so unequally scattered over the earth ? why not give away some of the land to these wretched people, to starve on even, rather than permit them to starve and buffet each other in the stifling atmosphere in which they are now pent? But at the thought of giving away the land arose visions of bales and bales of wool, flocks of sheep, and countless coffers stored in banks, and the voice of a squatter whispered, " Robbery ! are we not the pioneers of civilisation ? we have made the land what it is, and the land must be our reward." Then arose a vision of a solitary shepherd's hut in the lonely bush, in which were three men spending IhcirChrist mas, who had not seen a score of faces for a year, nor read a line from any book, nor uttered a single prayer, nor heard the voice of woman, nor been brought in contact with one single elevating thought, but who had eaten, slept, smoked, and drunk rum, and who were now spending their Christmas dead drunk, a bottle on the floor, whilst their employer was spending his wealth in enjoyment in Europe. And again appeared a hut, where layman and wife, the woman dead, her body half consumed by corruption ; the man helpless, in the last extremity of death, gazing with a listless vacant look on his spouse's dead body. No help for either at hand for miles, left as they are uncared for by a considerate employer to die. Sir George started up, for this picture was sick ening, and an idea flashed for the first time across his mind that after all, viewing it as a social institution, the glorious squatting interest was not without its drawbacks. Sir George, as we said, started up, and dismissing his fancies, took another glass of claret, when through the open window was borne on the breeze a loud din, shouting, hullabaloo, beating of tin kettles, and ringing of bells. Of course the old year had just expired, and this was the Welcome to 1861, and the noble knight accordingly took another glass of claret, and mentally wishing himself and ho;;,suuo](i and subjects generally a happy rest yo(U 0i03e(i Homer preparatory to 'retiring to his couch. The moon was scudding merrily along the sky, ever a~,¿ anon throwing her silver beams, 0 occured at intervals by fleecy clouds, into the library window. The clock had struck twelve, and all around was still, and as we all know that spirits, evil and benign, walk the earth at this season of the year, no one will disbelieve us when we assert that Sir George was startled by an apparition. None of your common ugly ghosts, in white sheets, with sulphurous smells about Hiern, but a very beautiful mild eyed lady in a soft while fleecy robe with a golden girdle. Wreaths of beautiful tropical flowers were entwined in her black hair, which flowed down to her waist, and she held in her hand a beautiful staff of polished wood, around which crept tendrils of the staghorn fern, and surmounting which were leafy branches of the eucalyptus, in her train followed a number of young and lovely nymphs, somewhat singularly attired, who capered and pirouetted in a manner that would have excited the envy of a Carlotta Grisior a Tftglioui. They wore frontiers on their brows, on one of which in letters of gold was inscribed the word " Peace," on another, "Plenty," on another "Good Fellowship," and on another " Mirth." Sir George was somewhat startled, as they did not appear to have come either through the door or through the window, or from the roof, or down the chimney. With inherent polite- ness, however, he motioned the lady to a chair, which she declined. " Don't be surprised or alarmed at my visit," said the lady ; " I am the presiding deity of Queensland, and these are ray attendant nymphs. To so classic a scholar I need not mention that in olden times our mutual friends the Greeks, had all tutelary deities for their states and cities, Sec, and though these modern practical times have rejected the custom in their wisdom, yet up in Olympus, I assure you, we laugh at the folly and un- belief which now-a-days under the name of wisdom, is so prevalent in the world." Sir George said simply " indeed," but the advice given him not to be alarmed was quite needless, as he had already fixed his eye on one of the nymphs with an admira- tion scarcely allowable in a married gentleman. "You have had reveries this evening, Sir George" continued the spirit. "I now wish you to accompany me for a brief tour to show you a sight which may amuse and instruct you. You will, I hope, hereafter, in your capacity as ruler, continue to act justly and to prevent those boys of yours in parliament from cheating the people of their rights, and from quarreling amongst each other for the loaves and fishes. Come with me for I cannot stop longer to talk with you."': With this the lady stamped her foot, her nymphs disappeared, and Sir George found himself suddenly in the cool night air standing with the apparition in the centre of Queen-street, just opposite the Legislative Chambers. No one was visible in the street except a fast young man who was sitting down singing " the Maniac " by the side of the road, and applauding himself at intervals vociferously. From the windows of the Assembly, however, a most brilliant and dazzling reflection of lights within was shining, and a confused buzz and murmur, interrupted by shouts of occasional laughter was heard as the breeze swept through the archway through which the spirit led Sir George. This, as well as the stairs leading up to the Assembly and the passages up to the very bar of the Legislative Assembly itself, was filled by a struggling crowd of people. On entering the Assembly Sir George was quite dazzled by the scene that was presented to his eyes. At the head of the table, close to the Speaker's chair, was a large and magnificent Christmas tree, amongst the branches of which were hung in profusion large plum cakes, beautiful tropical fruits, bon bons, purses of gold, and other valuable articles. The hot An- and le- Speaker himself, with a . 'b; if he. wants --is a glittering ed tankard by no Sides was sitting? in his chair as, with xii? legs upon the desk before him,, blowing a dense cloud of smoke, and ever and anon taking his pipe from his lips to enjoy a hearty laugh, or to send a playful missile-such as an inkstand or ruler-at the head of one of the members. It was observable that all the dense crowd who wore pushing and struggling in the passages and at the bar of the House, were doing so apparently each one with the desire of effect- ing an entrance into the House in order to pluck some of the treasures off the tree. Those, however, who obtained an entrance into the House did so by the united exertions of various portions of this crowd, for whom they promised to procure some of the dainties as soon as they got into the House ; but many of those who obtained entrance this way, as soon as they crossed the floor, seemed quite to forget the crowd outside, and were wholly intent upon procuring something for themselves from the tree. The Sergeant at-Arms meanwhile with his mace laid about right manfully to keep most of the crowd back. All the most valuable things, it could be seen, grew at the top of the tree, and grew in great plenty, more at the summit was seated the Colonial Secretary, in high glee ; his seat, however, was somewhat precarious, as he had partly to support Mackenzie and Pring, who each clung with one arm tightly round the legs of the Premier, and as they occasionally slipped from the branches on which they were seated, they were more than once in danger of falling, and dragging the Premier with them. In spite of those mishaps, they appeared to enjoy their elevated position, and ate heartily of the cakes and good things around them, pocketing some valuable trinkets, and now and then casting others down to those on the branches immediately beneath, in consideration of their support. Around the lower portions of the tree clung a number of stout, jolly-looking gentlemen, amongst whom Taylor, Watts, and Moffatt were conspicuous. As it was evident they could at any moment upset those above them, Herbert would occasionally throw them a number of valuable things such as large cakes, sweetmeats, little purses, etc, to keep them quiet. Who people outside meanwhile were very clamorous and tried with might and main to force their way in and get some of the good things, but their efforts appeared unavailing, in consequence of the great strength of the bar that had been placed across the House. Cribb had planted himself close to the bar and I endeavored to got in by dodging under it, but the Sergeant-at-Arms caught him a crack on the head with his mace just as he was getting through, which sent him back again in double quick time. Finding he could not get in the old gentleman pulled out a brass trumpet and blew away on it most vigorously, to the great amuse- ment of those around him, and the operation of blowing his own trumpet appeared to afford him great relief. The attention of the people outside, however, was now fixed on a party who had got into the House, and who had promised to upset Herbert and those in. Vue tree, to climb up inform them-' selves, and to pluck all the cakes and sweetmeats and throw them among the people outside. This party were dressed in a motley costume not by any means uniform, whilst those on the tree, we may mention, wore coats of the same colour, on which was a government brand. Buckley, one of the party, had on a very pretty patchwork coat. Kaff appeared in a Highland costume. Lilley was recognizable by a badge upon his breast, upon which were depicted the Hours clos lies,' with the motto " always blowing, and Jordan was dressed in the most approved acrobatic style with lights. The lining of Buckley's coat, however, it could be seen, was composed of the same material as that of the dresses of the party on the tree, and was inscribed with the government brand also, so that nothing would be easier for him than to turn it, which he eventually did, and got a whole shower of good things from Herbert for doing so. Jordan had adopted a similar artifice with his clothing in case he should not be able to dispossess the parties on the tree. It having been determined now to make a grand onslaught Buckley, followed by Jordan, Lilley, Raff, and Macalister, and some others, led the attack and seized hold of Gore's Ieg.which was just within reach. A great struggle commenced. Buckley pulled, and>was pulled by Raff, and the rest of the party who seized each the man in front of him by the waist, formed a long line like school boys who play at French and English, struggling and straining with all their might. Gore, of course, had to hold on to those above him who, in their turn, held on to those above them, and as Herbert, at the top of the tree, had to bear the pulling of all those beneath him, it is no wonder that he nearly fell from his lofty position. For some time the battle seemed doubtful, when Gore, by a judicious kick with the fact that was free, sent Buckley, and consequently all behind him, sprawling on the ground. The people outside at this gave a great groan, and those on the tree laughed louder than ever. Ferrett, in particular, seemed to enjoy it, cramming himself to his heart's content, and amusing himself by throwing out shells, orange peel, and other things at an unfortunate Commissioner of Crown Lands, who happened to be just within range near the bar of the House. The party who had been defeated in their efforts to get possession of the tree now determined on another attempt. Lilley proposed that they should change their tactics, and that they should form a tower by one standing on the shoulders of another in order that they might try to get at the top of the tree and pull Herbert off, or, at least, if they could not do this, they might be able to snatch some of the good things and throw them amongst the people who were clamouring outside. This proposal was hailed by loud shouts, and every one decided that Buff should take the bottom place as he was the broadest in the. shoulder. Kau", however would not consent to this Being a Scotchman, he very shrewdly thought that there would not be many pickings on the tree after the others had had their fill, and, if he were put in the bottom place, and had to support the weight of all the others, he could not expect to get much for himself. For similar reasons all the rest of the party refused to take the bottom place, so that this scheme collapsed, greatly to Herbert's delight, who, seeing the party opposed to him at first to be rather strong, had thrown down a large plum cake to Buckley, who at once, when no one was looking, Utrnod his coat, and was received up into the tree, where he sat munching his prize and laugh ing at the futile struggles of his old associates. Ileibort hit now upon another expedient for discomfiting his opponents. Having pulled from his pocket a long line, at the end of which was a large hook, ho plucked from the tree a very dainty plum pudding, frosted over with sugar, and cover- ing the hook with this, he threw the ball down amongst his crowd of opponents at the foot of the tree. It happened to (him down in close proximity to Lilley's mouth, who, however, was not to be caught by the bail, for he merely looked up at Herbert, winked, and somewhat significantly brought the fore finger of his dexter hand laterally in contact in with his olfactory organ. Raff just rubbed his fingers across the sugared surface of the bait, and licked them, but seeming to suspect a hook he turned away from the tempting morsel. Macalister began nibbling round the pudding in a very cautious manner, but as he would not bite, Herbert jerked it away from him, right into the face of Jordan, who made a greedy jump at the bait and was instantly caught and whirled up in the tree, where he was no sooner seated than he also turned his coat, and quite appeared to forget his companions struggling below. The crowd outside were now pushing more violently and shouting more loudly than ever, for the defection of Jordan and Buckley engaged them very much, more especially as they could sets those on the tree stuffing themselves as busily as they could with the good things, and keeping them all for themselves and friends instead of throwing them amongst the multitude. Herbert once or twice certainly threw a cake amongst them, but as all the rest of the party on the tree threatened to pitch him over if he did so again, he was compelled to desist in order to keep his place. Some laughter was now created amongst even the crowd outside by Blakeney, who having just recovered from the effects of the fall occasioned by the first attempt on the tree, had quietly crept to the foot of it, and was trying to reach down with his stick a very pretty little model of a judge's wig and gown, which was just out of his reach among the branches. Lilley, Raff, Macalister, and the rest of the party on the floor, whose number had greatly decreased, now appeared for a time to give up any attempts on the tree. They, however, kept up a sharp fire of nutshells, orange-peel, or indeed any convenient missile they could lay their hand upon by which missiles those in the tree were somewhat incommoded. The crowd outside also would now and then resort to missiles for getting those in the tree. There was one little band of persons close to the bar of the house, who seemed more than any of the rest to annoy by their attacks. These individuals were jolly, rollicking-looking fellows armed with requires, from which they poured upon the men in the tree a stream of ink which blackened their faces, and made them look very ridiculous. These men alluded to were also armed with a number of little sharp darts in the shape of a pen, which they throw with great dexterity, hitting whomsoever they aimed at. Herbert came in for his share of the darts and ink, but every time he was hit he would try to smile as though he was not at all hurt, and he bore his punishment on the whole very well. Poor Pring and Mackenzie, however, kept wincing, rubbing the wound and making wry faces whenever they were hit, which, of course caused great amusement to the people. The crowd outside was now, however getting larger and larger and fiercer and fiercer in their cries for some of the good things on the tree. They appeared every moment as though they would break down the bar of the House, yet the men on the tree did not appear to heed their cries but kept eating all the good things, pocketing what they could not eat, and to one or two friends just throwing now and then a few crumbs. Suddenly the end of a long and strong rope was thrown by some one in the crowd outside on to the floor of the House. The end of this rope was immediately seized by Lilley, Raff, Macalister, and the rest of the party beneath the tree. Amid a shower of missiles of all descriptions from the party in the true, Lilley, Raff, and the rest fastened the rope round the trunk, and then commenced a pulling and tugging and straining and as one end of the rope was in the hands of the huge crowd outside it was evident that the tree must soon come down. Her bert and the rest in the tree now turned very pale and began to throw all the good things they could lay their hands on amongst the crowd outside. They even emptied their pockets and tried to get down from the tree, which was swaying to and fro. It was too late. The liberality was of no avail. With one long pull, one strong pull, one pull altogether, amid a fearful, wild, and tremors dous shout down, down with a crash to the ground, came the tree, and-. Sir George rubbed his eyes and found him self in his library. The candle was just flickering in its socket, and he found that he had knocked down Homer on to the floor. The ormolu clock struck two. " Dear me ! how extraordinary," muttered Sir George "I suppose I must have been dreaming. Kai sonar eh Dios Leslie." 