THE CHATHAM REVOLT. tftomthe Tima.\ On Sunday morning, while the good people ot this metropolis were at their prayers, a very un- j pleasant scene was enacted at no great distance. ; A gang of desperate conspirators had plotted an outbreak of which murder and arson were, but the preliminaries. Their next step would j have been to let loose upon the couutry nearly i a thousand ruffians. On the other side, fore- ; warned by secret intelligence and prepared for j instant action, stood a strong force of men, ' armed to the teeth, and ready to deal death ; around them attne nrstsignai iruiu muir n-auc«. They were supported by 300 soldiers, and the collision, if it had actually occurred, must hare been something more frightful than has been witnessed for many a year in this peaceful king- j dom. It is terrible, indeed, to read of the pre- , parations by which the crisi9 was attended. Rifles, instead of being loaded with ball, were charged with buckshot, to render the effect ; more murderous. Men were stationed in jiosi- ; tions from which they could sweep a whole j gallery with their fire, and search every comer with musketry. There was to he no warning or ! temporising, as in ordinary riots. Humanity, j under such circumstances, was best shown in un hesitaticg action, and the first symptoms of dis turbance wonld have been smothered by a volley, j Happily, these preparatians were so formi dable as to pi event the outbreak, and the catas trophe has been escaped. All this occurred at Chatham, in the convict prison. Mr. Charles Dickens, in his new tale, is venturing attractively on this yet uutroddeu ground of fiction, and many readers will now obtain some insight into the character of a con vict establishment some years since. Chatham, however, is one of our model institutions, far superior, as we hope, to the hulks of times gone by, and as these places arc now managed it is difficult to believe that the inmates could have been driven to revolt either by the severity of the original sentence, or by aggravations expe rienced at the hands of their gaolers. Never theless, for several weeks past the convicts at Chatham have been more or less in mutiny, and, though the first outbreak? were effectually sup pressed, and followed by proceedings judiciously attempered, the spirit of rebellion has been active ever since. A few days ago it beo.ame known to the Governor of tho prison that a car tain number of the convicts had conspired to fall upon the warders at a preconcerted oppor tunity, release the whole body of the prisoners, — upwards of 900 in number — set fire to t.;e building, and effect their escape. Tin's outbreak was averted for the time by the arrangements we have described, but on Sunday the attempt was to be renewed, and again, therefore, the precautions were renewed also. It seems scarcely probable that, after these repeated miscarriages, tne conspirators should persevere in their designs, or that the authorities of the prisons, after so many warnings, should be taken at a disadvantage. Of danger, therefore, there ia perhaps little fear, but so formidable, and we may add so extraordinar}', a plot, deserves strict enquiry and anxious consideration. Inves tigations, indeed, were promptly set on toot alter the first disturbances, but if they have resulted in any material discovery it has not been made known. Nobody can be surprised at the desire of a prisoner to escape from his prison, and if that had been the chief object of the revolters there would be nothing very strauge about the case. It is seldom, however, that escapes are planned by wholesale, and the proceeding of the convicts, from first to last, show distinctly that other motives were at work among them. They pro fessed at the outset to have grievances. Even convicts have thsir customary rights, according to their own conceptions, and the prisoners at Chatham alleged that their dietary was insuffi cient, their taskwork excessive, and the con duct of their keepers inhuman. Some of these complaints could be tested at once, but, as far as -we are tvware. the charges -were not established. We did, indeed, observe that some of the warders received their dismissal, and that certain changes in the administration of the prison were notified, but these facts were not in consistent with the report that inefficiency, rather than harshness of discipline, had been the fault actually discovered. We were informed that a portion of the convicts at Chatham had recently been removed from an establishment not regulated with, equal judgment ; that the convicts and keepers thus imported had brought with them bad habits, or habits which appeared bad when contrasted with the better usuages prevailing at Chatham, and that this was the leaven which produced the ferment. The old hands did not like the new system, and, as no prisoner can be supposed to be enamoured of his position, it was easy work to convert sub missive suffering into vindictive discontent. That seems to be the only explanation of the affair yet obtained The disturbances com menced as such proceedings are usually com menced by all unreasoning and restless agents — by prisoners in a gaol, by mutineers aboard ship, or by ' ghosts ' in a haunted garret. The convicts made all kinds of useless and objectionable noises, they threw their mess traps about, they shrieked and yelled in their cells until the uproar became hideous, they kicked against their doors, and vented their destruc tiveness on everything within reach. Presently they attacked the warders, and a few weeks ago they actually succeeded for a short time in get ting command of the prison. That revolt, how ever, was put down, severe punishment followed, and it will be seen from our report this morning that the time was thought to have arrived for a discriminative amnesty, when on a sudden the rebellion breaks out once more. It appears to us that the most remarkable feature in the whole affair is this persistence in hopeless revolt. We can understand the begin ning of the business according to the current version of the story, but, besides that the design had palpably miscarried, it must be observed that the ringleaders had been removed. One by one, or group by group, the presumed instiga tors of the outbreak have been taken off the scene. There was a razzia made some weeks ago, and yet the riot recurred ten davs back. On that occasion four more of the ' ringleaders ' were arrested, but the riot was nevertheless renewed ; and, though two more were afterwards selected and confined, it does not see ;n that order is permauentlyrestored.or thatthe authorities of the establishment are removed from apprehension. This we cannot comprehend. The prison by this time should surely have been purged of its worst elements, and, if the mischief was owing to a bad leaven, that leaven we should think must have been worked out. It will be seen that a most elaborate classification of the prisoners has been made, and that every man's history is known. It seems also that the really desperate characters form, as might be expected, only a small minority, and yet the subordination of the establishment appears as distant as ever. What renders the case still more extraordinary is, that men of this class are rarely deficient in the faculty of estimating circumstances, and it must needs be clear to them that their schemes have no chance of success. It would be natural, no doubt, to conclude that they are acting under the influence of despair, and that a few such irreclaimable characters can always create an insnrrectionaryspirit in a community composed of sufferers. Perhaps this is about* the truth of the matter, but it will be remarked that even the worst criminals of all have not been left absolutely without hope, while the others have been provided with powerful motives for good behaviour. We trust that enquiry may throw some light upon tne matter, ana time tne results will be made known. It is not a ca.se in which it is necessary to presume any errors of system, for neither good conduct nor resignation can be altogether expected of offenders under punish inent; hat the obstinacy of the spirit displayed at Chatham bespeaks either some strange phases of convict character, or some fresh difficulties in convict management. A general reduction of the dietaries seems to us the readiest means of producing submission. How to Takb Hcjnaxo-BiBDa. — Magnificent as are these gorgeous birds, when mounted as specimens they lose much of their beauty in tlie needful handling, and give but a faint image of their real effulgent beautv. Many specimens are injured by being lift too long before the skins an removed from t'u- bodies, and in the land where the eappho lire* putrefaction takes pwee with such rapidity that a defer of a few hours is fatal to the perfection of the skin. It has been found that these delicate creatures were much injured by the shot or other missile* employed iu . their capture, son very ingenious trap was made for i their especial benefit. It was noticed that the birds were accustomed to dash into the Ion* pendent j Moisonu of certain lowers, so the ingeniw eoHector { pot a little birdlime into the bottom of ereiy bio»o:a, j andduM eeearedmanven unwarr hnmnung-birJ as j it MM to fH&.~M*dW» SmtmrmlMutmry. j 