the Courier. MONDAY, JULY 15 1861. SWIFT once defined a nice man as a man of nasty ideas. The misanthropic satirist was not far wrong, and his definition was perhaps never more applicable than to somewfthepersonsmid proceedings around us. We are all getting excessively nice, that is, with respect to each other although there is an old proverb touching the propriety of looking at home before we meddle with the dirt of our neighbours and in no respect is this extreme scrupulosity more sedulously displayed than in the care we take not only that our public men should have a chance of being the most disinterested, most honest, and most unimpeachable characters that ever sat in a legislature, or dozed away a quiet hour behind a ministerial bench, hut in the careful guardianship extended to the purity of our official service, which must not only be beyond suspicion, but never have the opportunity of incurring any. This is making men honest with a vengeance Tie up their hands altogether; give them no liberty of action, and then affirm the security of their principles, and the harmless imbecility of their lives. But the lurking suspicion betrayed by such a course-the hint that, unless thus manacled and fettered, the official service of this country would drop gradually into a pool of corruption-that its officers require less to be trusted than to be bound that their integrity is so great that they must be secluded with the most austere rigidity from the chance of tempt- ation and that their efficiency is now certain that it shall never be displayed in any other shape than in the per view of the executive- this suspicion, degrading to the character of the whole community, and disgraceful to those who gave it expression, seems to have been lost sight of But when disclosed, in excess of mis- giving defeats its own object. A plan experience of human nature must have been most unhappy, or his own nature be more unhappy still, if it leads him to view all mankind as impregnated «iihiogucry steamers especially those who are supposed by education, intelligence, and previous to be at least equal to the average of their fellows-the legislators of the county, and the servants of its executive, The last development of this miserable faculty was exhibited in the Legislative Council a few evenings back. In the bill for the auditing of our public accounts a very judicious and praise- worthy measure, by-the-bye there is a provision for the appointment of a public auditor, whose duties are simply those of an examiner and certifier of accounts The Kgh sense of honor, and the extra time desire for urU of action andfre^domfroraan imputation on the part of a blic greivance which distinguishes the Honorable GEORGE . ARMY'S' -A Unit gentleman to propose says Auditor-General should not be a cared to sit upon any board in the capacity of a director in other words should be debarred from taking part in public undertakings, however useful in themselves, or however benefitted by his assistance. Why the Council agreed to this proposal, we do not pretend to con- jecture They did agree to it, and after the 1st October next, the Auditor General will become a species of official automaton, immured in the dim chambers of the odd brick building at the corner of Queen-street abstracted from all commercial inter- course with the outside world prohi- bited from all general public utility-the very her ah t of account books, and the recluse of official certificates. Why need this be We do not ask this on behalf of Mr. BUCKLEY. We assume that that gentleman's personality was absent from the honorable mother's mind when he proposed the amendment. He saw only the Auditor General. And supposing this, we again ask, why should such things be The Auditor-General has no public money passing through his hand',). He sees but the ghosts of departed, guineas j the mortuary inscriptions. at," vanished salaries, and deceased Contracts. - He deals with vouchers for what has been, not cheques for what is) or is to be. He could not take a search sixpence from the Treasury without the complicity of whole departments. Vie is simply a check and a recorder, beyond this his duties do not go I find if they did, the restriction sought would make him neither more honest, nor less rogue. For the prohibition, to engage in only one-and that a most Iionorabio-description of public life, will not prevent any one so minded, 'from doubling in business of other kinds, Not less open to suspicion, but possibly more suggestive of temptation. It just so writes a man to prefer the little, low, under-currents of peddling and buttering where no eye can see, and no hand trace his delinquencies, to the broad open surface of public life, where all his actions are open to the scrutiny and to the com- ment of his fellows. It is a barrier to public utility, and a premium to private meanness. Why is any man chosen for this office ? Because of his known ability and integrity and because he is thus distinguished, he is at once to be prevented from bringing those valuable qualities into the public service beyond the narrow boundaries of his official rooms. This is not even the miserable selfishness that mean men sometimes call prudence. It is folly folly of the smallest dimen- sions alike mean and contemptible. Is it pretended that official functions and commercial position are incompatible? Surely if the Judges of England may be directors and trustees of Insurance Companies, if the Ministers of Great Britain were Bank directors, an Auditor-General may be permitted, after his way, to emulate their utility without compromising his honor or his efficiency. At any rate, with such facts before us, it will take a great deal more than the virtue of the Hon. GEORGE HARRIS to convince us to the contrary and we hope the good sense of both Houses will, upon consideration, expunge this very discreditable clause from an otherwise very serviceable bill. IT does appear to those who feel any interest in the fast decaying race of the Aborigines, that the less that is said in accordance with the high principles of the Christian religion, in support of their claims, the more is urged in accordance with those selfish, though unhappily wide extended, ideas of their inferiority and comparative worthlessness. But on whatever ground the argument has been taken up, it has hitherto proved impossible to maintain the cause of cruelty and injustice against that of benevolence and right and we do not hesitate to assume the very highest stand-point while the shuffling defenders of a system which has been a disgrace to the colony, have been driven step by step to the very lowest grounds. It is a sentiment, which, however it may be ridiculed by cool economists, who can contemplate without emotion the gradual extirpation of one of the branches of the human family, will nevertheless find an echo in the hearts of most of our countrymen, that Queens- land cannot do too much to evince the bloodiest and harmless spirit of peaceful colonization, and therefore can scarcely carry philanthropic provision for the expelled native to too great a length. Already our past treatment of the aboriginal inhabitants has procured for us but an indifferent repute, for the failure of all efforts to imbue this forlorn race with any knowledge of religious truth, is itself a circumstance calculated to make suspicion in the minds of those who have been accustomed to hear of the march of evangelical Christianity through tribes of every kindred, color, and grade of civilisation to the ends of the earth ; who have been told of the Hottentot read the Buddhist, the negro and the Esquimaux, becoming disciples of this faith. The fuels, which unless there exists somewhere in this colony a secret for burying fathoms deep, transactions which hitherto, in the history of our own race, have invariably been drugged sooner or later, to the light of day, will have to be subjected to the gaze of the whole British Empire, as forming the body of revelations respecting 'the treatment of the aborigines by the For,dp''wh'i4ch has been employed to control 1ueui,^vill us-, Miicdly tend to increase the eVif impression against us. It is not our business, ' certainly, to stimulate Bishop TeNE/r. to active operations in regard to his boasted mission to the blacks; but there are some improvements which we might easily introduce, and in which that learned and reverend gentleman's co- operation might be of service; and which would soften the hardships endured by the aborigines, and often, at the same time, the prejudices of our fellow- countrymen and fellow-Christians at a distance. What difficulty would there be in making some provision for the blacks, beyond the annual distribution of cloth- ing? It would be of some advantage to the aborigines if some means of food were provided for them during the cold months only. Some modification of that system of relief which provides soup kitchens for the destitute multitude of England in time of famine, and in the severest seasons of cold would enable the aborigines to exist, without any sense of starvation, from one end of the year to the other. In the towns it would be easy to stab lish something of this kind ; 'in the remote stations it might he more difficult ; yet even there a regular distribution of cattle might be made; and it would not be amiss to appropriate some portion of the quarter's rent to the maintenance of the blacks in his neighborhood. IT is perhaps too much the fault of the world to judge from results-to applaud a successful action where the success was accidental, and to condemn a failure where every precaution had been taken against it. Candid criticism, however, must admit that the expedition of Mr. BURKE, with the object of opening up a route from Cooper's Creek to the north coast, was conceived and inaugurated under circumstances very unfavorable to success. The leader was unknown as an explorer. He had been known as a man of considerable intelligence, activity, and energy, but these qualities had only been called into place in Victoria by his duties as a police officer. The choice was generally viewed as a strange one, and the manner in which the Exploration Committee" of the Victorian Royal So- ciety" proceeded to carry out their arrangements was not calculated to increase public confidence. Disregarding the main west advantages that would have attended a start from Port Augusta, the Committee, for the mere childish satisfaction of having the expedition take its departure from Victoria, decided upon a long and weary preliminary journey from that colony to Cooper's Creek. The consequence was that sickness and suffering of all kinds were endured, quite irrespectively of the legitimate perils to which Britain. would be exposed after leaving Cooper's Creek. jealousies and quarrels broke out amongst various members of the party. The gentleman in charge of the camels throw up his appointment. The camels became infected with scab. Two of the party narrowly escaped starvation in the sandy desert beyond the Darling. And, finally, four members of the expedition died of scurvy and dysentery. All these disasters occurred between the Darling River and Cooper's Creek, and were therefore attendant upon a portion of the programme which had nothing to do with the real object of the journey-the examination, namely, of the country between Cooper's Creek and the Gulf of Carpentaria. The result of all this was that the party was weakened too much when the real work commenced. Buiticn set out from Cooper's Creek on the 16th of December, with three men, three camels, one horse, and twelve weeks' provisions. He left Mr. BRAHE at (the depot, with instructions to wait there three months, and, if he had not then '' returned, to proceed to Melbourne. Four months passed away, and there were no tidings of ButtER. Mr. BRAHE'S provisions were getting short, and there was sickness in his camp, so he turned his face homewards, leaving a very small quantity of provisions buried at the depot, for BURKE'S use in the event of his return. Subsequently Mr. WiUGHT, whom BnAim fell in with, visited the depot. He found the buried provisions undisturbed in May last. We are thus certain that for nearly five months suitE and his party had been absent, with only twelve weeks' food. The prospect of increasing these slender supplies by means of game was very poor indeed. The country was sterile and inhospitable. Burned has left behind him a despatch, enclosing a report from Mr. WILLS, the surveyor, and one of his companions, who describes the country passed over in an attempt to penetrate northward from Cooper's Creek. The at. tempt proved hopeless, and Bomen finally started to the westward, for Eyre's Creek, intending thence to make a course to the northward, for the Gulf of Carpentaria. Notwithstanding the difficulties before him, he was not at all daunted. He declared that he would run no risk, and expressed a great confidence in his ability to return in three months, or to make for the settled pastoral country at the back of this colony. That he has failed in his first expectation we know and we are rather disposed to attribute his confidence to a dangerously sanguine temperament than to a clear and well- grounded appreciation of the perils of his task, and the means of surmounting them. His idea seems to have been a rapid flight across the country, making up by celerity of movement for the weakness and ill provision of his party. Unfortunately, the hardships and dangers of the wilderness might militate against his design in many forms and we have no source of hope in any past experience of the rash explorer. It unfortunately happened that this intelligence reached Melbourne at the time when Mr. HEWITT had just started on a searching expedition. His party was at once recalled and strengthened, and has now been sent off, well supplied, to follow BURKE'S track from Eyre's Creek. The native police at Mount Serle, in South Australia, have also been instructed to visit Cooper's Creek and the country thereabouts. The Melbourne Government steamer Victoria is to be despatched immediately to the Gulf of Carpentaria, to proceed up the Albert River in search of the missing travellers and we understand that SirGisor.GE BOWKNIMS been appealed to by Sir HENRY BARKLY, to facilitate, as far as lies in his power, a search to the westward of Port Curtis. The next intelligence from Port Denison may perhaps furnish data on which conclusions may be formed. If the explorers have succeeded in penetrating so far north as the latitude of the Burdekin, it is not improbable that some traces of them may be discovered by them may be discovered by the squatters in search of pastoral runs to the westward of that river., If, on the overland, no smell traces are perceptible, that fact will strengthen the opinion that the party had been stopped within a comparatively short time after leaving Eyre's Creek. In that case Mr. HOWITT may probably be destined to throw light upon the existing mystery. There is another conjecture which do not, pass the bounds of probability. It is that BURKE may have struck upoti'Si'UABT's,truck, and thus made his way furthermore westward. Womustwujtfortimo to resolve all these doubts and SUggestions It would be far more hopeful and satisfactory if we had reason to believe that the judgment and experience of Bunitis were at all equal to his courage for dealing with the tremendous difficulties by which he may have been encompassed. As it is likely that the steamer Victoria will be detained for some time at the Albert River, for the purpose of searching in the neighbourhood of the Plains of Province for the missing party, it would be well if advantage could be taken of that opportunity for the purpose of despatching a party from Port Denison to the head of the Albert. An understanding between the governments of Queensland and Victoria would be necessary to effect this purpose and such an arrangement might be made to aid in the search for BUBICK and his companions, at the same time that it tended to the development of the resources of Queensland and the advancement of science. 