NEW SOUTH WALES SUMMARY. We condense the following items from the metropolitan and country journals:— SYDNEY. The ' Herald' of lltli lust, says:—" A pub lic meeting, called by the Mayor of the city, on requisition, was held at the Tem perance Hall on Monday evening, for the purpose of considering the propriety of petitioning Parliament to facilitate com munication with the interior by the con struction of a system of horse tramways. The attendanra^was good, and there was a perfect uuaimity of feeling as to the necessity for tW construction, without fur ther delay, of something far better than the present almost impassable roads, hut there were differences as to the comparative cheapness of railways and of horse tram ways; some engineers having come to the meeting for the maintenance of their own views as to the superiority of the former. It was finally decided—'as all could not be heard—to adjourn uutil next Monday even ing. This will be too late for any present application to Parliament, but whatever the meeting agrees to may fee pressed upou the Executive Government. Something may, ,°Ti at-°nce for ^facilitation of transit into the interior, and the aid of parliament may be invoked early" next ses sion. J The members of the Australian Club gave a dinner to Mr. Wentworth on Satur day evening, 4th inst.-—Sir 0. Nicholson in the chair and Mr. Darvall in the vice- chair. t° the toast of Ms own health, Mr. Wentworth attributed the state of the i colony to the action of unbridled demo cracy, and declared that his opinion of the value of a nominated Upper House was stronger than ever. He appeared to agree with the amendments made by the Council i in the Land Bill, which, with good fixity of tenure to the squatter included, he said he wished to see passed. Between 60 and 70 gentlemen sat down to the dinner. The graduates aud under graduates of the Syduey University have presented an address to Mr. Wentworth congratulating that gentleman on his return to the colony! Upwards of 60 members of the University were present. Mr. W. delivered an appro priate reply. The extra concert of the Vocal Harmonic Society has come off in the Freemasons* Hall, under the auspices of Sir John and 7 ji ^?.Ullg' ^ subject being Mendels sohn s Elijah. The attendance was smaller than had been expected. The usual annual Tattersali'srace dinner came off on Ihursday evening week, at Tattcrsalls Hotel. About 50 gentlemen attended, including several visitors from Victoria. The affair was very successful. Intelligence has been received of a series of hurricanes at the New Hebrides and New Caledonia. 1 he heaviest one was on 14th *1 Vi ' Herald's' correspondent writes that it was impossible for a man to stand against it. Trees were blown down, imd the roofs of houses carried off in all directions. Boats were lifted bodily off the beach into the water; the leaves of all the trees on the weather side of the island were blown off; and the sea was washed 150 feet farther iuland than was ever previously known. A number of houses were washed away, and some of the natives escaped drowning rnth difficulty. The ships Hiron delle and Jessie were driven on shore from their anchors ; the Jessie was wrecked, but the crew escaped by swimming, though much cut and bruised by the cal rocks. Ahreneh war schooner nearlyjfeundered, being struck by aheavjlh, which earned away her port bulwarks andataaats ou the ice side and shifted her ballasflT Donald Cameron has been sentemfcd to six months hard labour for stealing^ box of candles and a few loose pounds of Bklmain the ^ODSregalionaI. Church, \- a DaUmbf of :lccidents liare'taken place m Sydney from careless driving, but with out dangerous results. * A stonemason named Alex. Sellars has been seriously injured, whilst , assisting in the erection of some buildiugs in Pitt-street. He was ou the sill of a first floor window, keeping a stone which was being hoisted from touching the front of the building when the hook to which the block was fat tened gave way, and he was thrown down upon the stone. He was removed to the recoTCryJr' hopes are entertained of his M,t/aVTr n7amed James Bradley was hS: "r few da>'s age. at Miller's Point. Deceased and his mate were forming a sawpit, to commence work, when several logs which had been laid upon each other on being moved by crowbars, rolled over and crushed Bradley's head and shoulders The poor fellow was taken up dead. died in tfe«Dfgrery' a/ed 15 J*"* has died, in the Infirmary, from the effects of burns accidentally received. She was washing and dressing 3 Mrs. Murphy's child when the skirt of her dress was ignited by the lire. She threw the child down, and the yard' where the mder by assh—• •»« Elizabeth Walley, aged 8 years was te? "gf'y- by f'UiDB ^ Asuueld. She was seut to a drain for water by her stepmother, but, instead of doing so, she went to the well. An open turueJ. fay dr°wmag was re }l^r;JohI| Taylor's premises at Parramatta entered aud robbed A constable named Gordon, of the Pen nth police, was missing lately, it beino supposed that he was drowned in attempt ing to cross the Hawkesbury whilst that nver was in flood. The body was subse quently found in a waterhole near the road between \\\ indsor and Penrith, into which as the mght was dark, deceased is believed' to have ridden by mistake. Deceased IS a respectable and sober man, and £ lef a widow and four children. Mrs. Williams, an elderly person, was drowned, about the same time, in a creek at HUNTER RIVER DISTRICT guiltT' ath6tl eaDfc -defaulter' Pleaded not guilty, at the sessions. After a lengthy trial, and the production of a considerable amount of evidence for the defence, he was found guilty, and sentenced to two years' hard labour m Parramatta Gaol.—Beard more, who had previously pleaded guilty" and been remanded for sentence, was then sentenced to one year's hard labour in aihngburst Gaol. A petition is being signed m favour of a commutation of Beard! more s sentence. The Maitland races have been postponed for a fortnight, owing to want of time to get the course m proper order. The ' Mercury'states that in many places the banks of the Hunter were undermined during the late flood. Through this a Mrs. Dason recently fell into the river, at the Sn i™ °6- Beud- She was rescued by a w £eri?g a roPe to henfc.4 . bv beW Sf'ley has. beeniyrt in the loins by being thrown violently from a buck JUThe%K°rSe- at,West Maitland. AS® tVhronIcIe states that an abvss in the Northern Railway caused by the rieS halh!^ rrWa Ted up 300 to 400 tons of baUast. Even then the place was unsafe and a temporary bridge had « "S." **?»>' Several children lately placed some fieli plates across the rails, near Lochinvar The the tram. The spring pin of the enrine was broken by the shock, and a detention of 40 minutes caused. It was subsequent! v ascertained that the eldest of the ebfldrej guilty of this act was only 5 years of a»e Another fire, from sparks, has occurred on the railway, wood being in use at the time for the furnace. The damage did not ex ceed in value £2 or £3. A Japanese sailor lately fell down the hatchway of his ship at Newcastle, and pi™ 1 15 recoreringin the Hos A Mrs. Simpson, residing at Honeysuckle Point, lately went out washing, leaving her *bdd' f fv? years of age, in the hut. The child fell into the fire, and was so much that it died soon afterwards, lhe Singleton correspondent of the ' Mer cury writes:—"A beautiful specimen of the deaf adder was killed on Wednesday bv Mr. Thomas Coughian, at the rear of Mr. Kingston's mill. Mr. Co-jghhm noticed it lying on the embers thrown out Iroin the mill fires. Being at first under the impres sion that it was a snake, he was about to pick it up by the tail, when fortunately in time he discovered it to be a deaf adder. * He then procured a spade, and speedily de spatched the reptile. It is the largest deaf adder that we have yet heard of, measuring 27 inches in length and 7 inches round the i thickest part of the body. Mr. Coughian has I preserved the reptile, and intends to present it to the Australian Museum." Public meetings have been held at Scone and Murrurundi in favour of obtaining an electric telegraph station in each of these townships. A son of Mr. F. Frederick's, of Scone, has had his thigh broken by a horse throwing and then tramping upon him. ° WESTERN DISTRICTS. John Burns, aged about 21 years, has perished miserably, at Bathurst, from in juries received by getting entangled in the machinery of Mockett's mill, whilst he was intoxicated. When the engineer went to his work at a quarter to 1 a.m. he found Burns lying drunk in the fire-hole, and on request ing him to shift his quarters he received a volley of curses. He then put Burns aside. Subsequently Burns went without the engi neer's knowledge into the engine room, when the engineer heard a crash, and on going to the spot found Burns amongst the ma chinery, the mitre wheels of which were dis placed. Burns died whilst being removed to the hospital. j A horse lately shyed against a post in one j of the streets of Bathurst, and impaled itself on a hook, so that some flesh had to be cut away and the aid of a number of persons ob tained before the animal could be released. The rider escaped unhurt. A boy of 4 years, named Adolphus Dupree, was lately playing near a team of bullocks, at Allaudale, when one of the animals knocked him down and injured iiim so much that he died subsequently. Tlios. Macnamara, aged 4* years, residing at Rainville, died recent!}', from injuries re ceived by the accidental ignition of bis clothes whilst his parents were absent from home. His sister endeavoured to extinguish the flames, but was not successful in time. A man named Abbot has had his arm broken in two places by the limb being en tangled in a thrashing machine about which he was employed, at Orton Park. The 4 Free Press* says:—An American squash has been sent to this office by Mr. Turner, the National Schoolmaster, at Dennis's Island. It measures 5ft. llias. round, and weighs 80 lbs. A specimen of fruit eommunly known as the 44 pound pear," j was yesterday kindly presented to us, at our office, by T. Ford Esq., of Kelso. It weighs 21bs. Sozs., and was picked from the branch of a tree on which grew 40 others many of them nearly as large. Upwards of 30 dozen of this fruit were gathered from the same tree, and which were mostly sold at a shilling each. A married man named Francis Thorn, aged 56 years, lately committed suicide, at Winburndale Creek, by shooting himself under the heart, with a charge of duck shot. About 3 years ago the wife of deceased left him in a mysterious manner, and since then he fancied he was haunted by her ghost. He was also subject to paralysis, and on the day on which be killed himself he had a fit. It is evident he must have committed the rash act in a paroxysm of pain or insanity. Nearly £30 was found in his pocket. An aboriginal named Wm. Johnson was killed accidentally, a short time ago, in Durham-street, Bathurst, by the wheel of the dray he was driving passing over his bead. He was found lying dead in the street, with Lis head crushed to pieces. A telegram in the 4 Herald* says:—44 The inhabitants of Rockly have been in a state of terror the last few days, caused by a party of bushrangers, who have committed several desperate robberies in that neighbourhood, and had attacked Mr. Budden while he was closing his store. Tbey shot at him, wound ing him slightly in the forehead. The people are out in search, but have not vet arrested any of the men." About 500 Chinamen and 20 Europeans are digging for gold on Native DogCreek. The gold is coarse, and a five ounce nugget has been found. A settler named Copson, residing at Cowra, has lost 200 bushels wheat, besides a shed and some fencing, by fire, caused by a man who was thrashing throwing a match down after he had lighted his pipe. The Cowra correspondent of thq.4 Free Press* reports the death of a traveller to Lambing Fiat as having occur(M» a few •ufflNm miles from Cowra. 5s. were fou«P£>n his person. The Bench had to give an order for his interment. A traveller from Lambing Flat to Ba thurst, named Murnane, also died recently, near Cowra. The body was forwarded to Bathurst, where his widow resides. The traffic through Cowra to and from Lambing Flat continues very large. A girl named Cummings, aged five or six years, has died at Cowra, it is said of scarla tina. A girl, the daughter of a shepherd in the employ of Mr. G. Campbell, of Cowra, has been lost so long in the bush that her reco very alive is despaired of. A public meeting has been held at Win deyer, to object to the increase of business licenses on gold fields to £5 per annum, and advocate a reduction to £1; also to request that Chinese be prevented from keeping stores on gold fields. 0 The "Mudgee Newspaper" has been in- corporated with the "Western Post," having been bought by Mr. Sinden for that purpose. The publishers of the two journals lately rivals in Mudgee have been committed on charges of libel—Mr. Hutchinson, of the "Mudgee Newspaper," on the complaint of Mr. Haworth, editor of the "Western Post," and Mr. Ranwell, of the latter journal, at the instance of Mr. Hutchinson. A contem- porary states that there are no fewer than six editors or publishers under committal for libels at present. From the report read at the annual meet ing of the members of the Mudgee Mechanics' Institute, it appears that in financial matters the institution is in a flourishing condition. 250 Chinese lately passed through Mudgee, on their way to the Hanging Rock, bu tithe 4 Westers Post' thinks that they subse-. quently set in at the Pipeclay Creek or Cooyal. Several foot races at Mudgee have come off; one for £5 a side was won by S. Ru therford. SOUTHERN DISTRICTS. The population of the Illawarra district amounts, according to the census, to 6041 souls. 36 aboriginals attended recently at Wol- j longong, to receive blankets. The 4 Mer- : cury states that not more than 4 or 5 of the number were of unmixed blood. A married woman named Ann Catherine Cook has died, at Major's Creek, from in juries received by falling accidentally into a j\ T',e ' ^bserver' says that there is no doubt the unfortunate woman wasl* help lessly intoxicated at the time. Mr. Smith, an old resident at Shell harbour, has had his collar bone broken and received other injuries by being thrown from bis horse, at Jatnberoo. Some time ago Robert J >hnst between 60 and 70 years, was sera to Goul burn Gaol for a month, as a vac rant. On completing his sentence he was so ill that be was kindly allowed to remain until his death took place, from disease of the brain. A prisoner named Foran has effected bis escape from the custody of a constable of the Yass police. Foran seems to be an old offender in this respect. The 4 Yass Courier* says :—We were yes terday shown a fine sample of black potatoes, grown on the farm of Mr. Field, at Bango, five of which, taken indiscriminately, weighed 81 lbs. The other day we were shown a quince, the produce of Mr. Grovenor's garden, grown on a tree three years old, which weighed 1 lb. 9 ozs., measuring, in any way, 15 inches. The Lambing Flat special commissioner of the 4 S. M. Herald,' dating May 7th. writes: —During the last week I know of several finds that even in the good times of gold dig ging would nut be considered very bad. A party of four men received £78 each for sis: days' work; another of three obtained sixty-two ounces in ten days; in another claim thirteen and a half ounces were washed out of one tub, and for the week's work up wards of £70 was each man's share. Three dishes in another produced eight ounces [ seventeen pennyweights, and the last dish washed in the claim 1 mentioned in my tele gram yesterday produced two ounces fourteen pennyweights. I did not mention this to cause a rush to this place, but to show that New South Wales at the present time promises to have one of the best alluvial diggings she ever possessed. The Chinese on the De moiidrill Creek are increasing ; they are'get ting payable gold at a depth of forty feet. The water is rather troublesome.—P.S. While at the camp, some half-hour since, a digger from the new rush came, and requested the Commissioner to proceed there .at once, for the party in the adjoining -ground was driving into their claim, and getting two ounces to the bucket. The first fall of snow this season at K.i andra occurred on the 17th ult. The 4 Braid wood Observer' says it is worthy of note that on the same day a year ago the first snow of the year fell in the same locality. The ' S. M. Herald's' correspondent states that on the 3rd inst. there was an average of 6 inches depth of snow at Kiandra. The • Goulburn Herald' remarks that there has been a heavy fall be tween Micilago and Cooma, in some places nearly a foot in depth. ■There bas been another battle amongst the Chinese, on the Demondrill Creek, one man being dangerously wounded. The 4 Albury Banner' says :—" The per nicious effects of the Bathurst burr on sheep may be learned from the following fact. We lately beard of some sheep that were slaugh tered and, after being skinned, the thorns of the burr were found to have penetrated through the first skin, and imbedded in the inner lining, which was completely covered with them. From the fact of their being overgrown with a kind of film, they must have been there some time to the injury of the sheep." The P. M. at Dcniliquin lately decided that, no matter the length of time for which a man was hired, if it was stated in his agreement that the terms were so much per week or per mouth, he could demand his wa^es due at the end of each period named. Other magistrates on the Bench differing from this opinion, the Attorney General was con sulted, when he stated that the P. M. was correct. An omnibus has been started between North and South Deniliquin; charge per passenger, Is. Mr. Taylor, of the Royal Hotel, Denili quin, is about to place a clock with a face 2 feet 6 inches in diameter at the top of the front of the building. The ' Pastoral Times* says :—" Some week or two since we saw a brace of handsome kangaroo dogs about half full grown, chained to a large log near to the dwelling: on one of the neighbouring stations. One fine night some native dogs came and walked off with one of the pups (the smallest of the two), and, of course, had a good meal." 