THE SYDNEY COMMON.—IMPORTANT DISCOVERY. A discovery.has within the last few days been made by the City Corporation, which is likely to be of considerable importance to the inhabitants of Sydney. A portion of the south-eastern suburb of the metropolis has frequently been spoken of as the Sydney Common, but it did not appear to be known that there had ever been a formal dedication of the land to the inhabitants of Sydney. Circumstances have, however, recently led to the belief that the land had been so dedicated ; and after a careful search the notice affirming: the dedication has been discovered. It was issued so long since as October, 1811, the land being granted as a common to the inhabitants of Sydney, for the purpose of prevent ing their cattle from trespassing on the reserve then known as Hyde Park, or on private grounds.' The land in. question consists of a thousand acres, and commencing at the city boundary near Darling hurst paol extends back southward from the South Head Road. That such a dedication of the land had ever been made, was probably not known, or at all events was lost sight of by succeeding Adminis trations, is evident from the fact that considerable portions of the land have been alienated as if it be longed to the Crown, a large block having been used for the Victoria Barracks, besides various grants and sales at public auction ; and upon en quiries being made at the public offices. respecting the Sydney common, no one seemed to be aware of the existence of such a reserve. The discoverv of the proprietorship of the land was made very op portunely, as a Government sale of allotments within the Common had been advertised to take place on the 16th of October, the lands being designated as ' on and near the Randwick Road.' By our report of the proceedings in the Assembly on Friday evening, it will be seen that. the Mayor put the following question to the Colonial Secre tary : — ' Is it the intention of the Government to sell that portion of the Sydney Common, now being surveyed and marked out into allotments, between Dowling-street and the Randwick Road ; if so, by what authority ?' The reply of Mr. Cowper, who had in the mean time been apprised of the existence of the notice, was, that the Government did not in tend to sell the land, clearly showing, that had they, or previous Governments, known of the dedication of the land, they would not have sanctioned its sale. Consequently, in last Friday's Government Gazette a notice appeared stating that the lands situated on and near the Randwiek Road had been with drawn from sale. Out of the thousand acres com prised in the Common, some two hundred belong to the City Water Reserve, and a still larger quan tity is covered with sand ; the remainder is, however, of very great valae. It is believed that the Corpo ration, as representing the inhabitants (now invested with the rights of citizens), have a clear case for compensation sgainst the Government, and that the latter can be called on to account for the pioceeds of the Common landa. We understand that legal advice is being taken by the Corporation, piior to their preferring a claim for compensation, and for. the restitution of the unalienated land to the inhab itants of Sydney. Should the claim of the Corpo ration be recognised, the sum which the Government would have to pay wonld be a very acceptable re plenishment cf the city treasury, and would enable them to clear off, or at least to lessen, their sewerage debt. We subjoin Governor Macquarie's notice, to which reference has been made. GOVERNMENT PUBLIC NOTICE. Head Quarters, Sydney, 5th October, 1811. ' His Excellency the Governor, anxious for the accommodation of the inhabitants of Sydney, and in pursuance of the intention signified in his general orders of the 6th October last, gives this public notice, — that he has assigned and caused to be; marked out and measured a large common in the immediate vicinity of Sydney, containing one thousand acres, for the common pasturage of the cattle belonging to the inhabitants of Sydney. The public are to take notice that said commonage is described by the acting surveyor in the following terms : — 'Bounded on the west side by twenty-eight chains of Surry Hills Farm, and a south line of ninety-six chains ; on the south by an east line of ninety seven chains ; on the east side by a north line to the road leading from Sydney to the South Head; and on the north by that road.' For the purpose, however, of making said description and boundaries more clearly understood and known, the limits of said commonage will be further marked by four posts with suitable labels, which will be erected on the most conspicuous angels or parts thereof. . . ' This land thus assigned for the use of the pullic, no excuse can be made for persons in future turning their cattle at large to seek food where it may be most easily found, without considering whether they may not trespass on private property, and do material injury to the gardens and enclosures of other per sons; and the public are therefore cautioned not to permit any horses, horned cattle, sheep, goats, or pigs' to stray in future, either upon the grounds called Hyde Park, or upon any private property helongiug to other persons, as all cattle which may be thus found trespassing are to be taken up and put into the common pound of Sydney, until all damage incurred by them shall be fully discharged. ' His Excellency thus communicates to the public that be will make a regular grant of said oirsmon lands to the Jidge Advocate and magistrates of Sydney for the time being, in trust, for the benefit of the present and of all succeeding inhabitants of Sydney.' ' ? ; By command of his Exc;llency the Governor, ? (Signed) J. T. Cambell, Secretary. '. — Herald. The Orneo (s.) from Otago, arrived in Melbourne on Monday, evening wiih'G,900 ounces of yold. The reports of the success of the diggings were lather conflicting. The ruslH- of miners still continued.-. Herein Sydney there are laid on :three steamers and six sailing vessels, which.. are all rapidly filling., Mr. Stuart arrived at Adelaide on last Sunday, and a great public demonstration .was made on Monday ; but disappointment was felt on learn ing that he had not crossed the continent. He only penetrated as far as 17. S., 133. E., after having attempted several times to pass over to the sea. Right Rev. Abbot Gregory. — Letters were received by the ' Northam' from the Right Rev. Abbot Gregory, who, when he wrote, was staying at Stanbrook, Worcestershire. He had lately returned from a visit to Ireland, where he had gone to make arrangements for entering students in some of the Missionary Colleges for the Archdiocese. His friends throughout the colony will be' glad to hear that he was in the enjoyment of good health. Clothing at the Good Shepherd, — On Tuesday morning at nine o'clock, the ceremony of clothing two novices took place at the Convent of the Good Shepherd. The names of the ladies were Miss Dalziel, who took the name of Sister Mary Editha; and Miss Dwyer, that of Sister Mary Catherine, of Sienna. At the appointed time his Grace; the Archbishop in full pontificals, accom panied by the Very Rev. S. A. Sheehy, Y.G., and followed by the whole community, with the two ladies who were to be clothed dressed in bridal cos tume, entered the chapel, preceded by the cross bearer and the 'Angels,' little girls dressed as 'bridesmaids, the {choir singing the ' hymn to the Holy Ghost, ' EmiUe Sphitum.' Having arrived at the altar the Archbishop took bis seat on the faldstool, the candidates kneeling below him. At the conclusion of the hymn the Archbishop ?entoned the 'Veni Creator,' at the end of which _the candidates rose and knelt nearer the altar. His Grace then addressed them individually, saying ' My dear children in Jesus Christ, what do' you demand ?'. To which each of them replied: My Lord ! I ardently desire to be clothed in the habit of the religious Sisters of the Good Shepherd, in order to exercise myself in the duties of the religious life, and in the service of the penitents and the poor. That I may obtain the ? blessings to Which I aspire, I humbly request the prayers of your ^Grace and of all here presents' The above public profession, of their intention is required of all -who embrace a religious life to show that they do so entirely of 'their own free-will, and are influenced by no other motive than a desire for the glory of God, and for the fulfilment of the duties imposed upon them by the state of life they are about to embrace.- In erder that the candidates should clearly understand the difficulties they would have to encounter in the religious life, its duties were again explained to them and impressed upon them, and they were again asked, whether in spite of those difficulties it was their intention to persevere in entering it, His Grace said — ' I have explained to you, my dear children, the duties and difficulties of yourholy state. Do you, notwithstanding, perse Tere in your petition and desiie to consecrate your selves to Almighty God V To which each of them answered — 'With the assistance of God I do wish and desire it.' His Grace then replied. 'May God then grant you grace to accomplish your pious wish and to deserve eternal life.' The sermon waa then preached by the Rev. Father Corish, who enlarged upon :the happiness of the religious life, and exhorted the caudidates to persevere in the state which God had given them .grace to choose for , themselves. At the conclusion of the sermon the community left the chapel in procession, accom panied by the candidates who, when they, had put . off their worldly attire, returned to the chapel, wear ing the religious habit, in the same order as they had left it. Their heads were covered with a black veil, with a crown of thorns placed over it. On arriving at the altar, 'they prostrated themselves before it during the blessing of the scapulars, veils, bre viaries, and rosaries. When the blessing was finished the Archbishop put incense into the thurible, and sprinkled first the novices and after the clothes, scapulars, &c.; Each of the novices then arose, and kneeling upon the steps of the altar, a portion of their hair was cut off by the Superioress, who took off the crown of thorns and put the caps on their heads. The Archbishop at the same time saying, ?'May the Lord divest thee of the old man and his works. The scapular was -then put on, the Archbishop saying, 'May the Lord clothe thee with the new man, who is created according to God in justice, and holiness of truth.' The veil was then presented to each, the celebrant saying, ' Come Spouse of Christ receive the crown which the Lord is about to give thee for eternity.' The girdle was then presented as an emblem of purity ; the rosary in order that the candidate might pray to Our Blessed Lady for whatever she stood in need of, either for this world or .the next ; and the office book that the recipients might contem plate heavenly, and despise earthly things. A number of prayers appropriate to the occasion fol lowed, and the ceremony concluded with the bene diction of the Blessed Sacrament. After benedic tion the ' Te Denm' was ckaunted, and the proces sion left the chapel. The friends of the novices, and the visitors who had the honour of receiving invita tions, were entertained at a dejeuner which had- been provided for them by the Reverend Mother. In addition to his Grace the Archbishop, there were, present the Very Rev. Father Keating, V.G.; Very Rev. Dean O'Connell, Very Rev. Dsan Rignev, Father Sheridan; Father Cook,8 and Rev. F. N-' Quirk; ? The troops have left Lambing Flat, ancl are on their way back to Sydney. Twenty-one artillerymen, with .twenty-six horses and waggons,' arrived in1 Goulburu, on Monday. Thirty of the , 12th, with Ensign Sauriders'and Lieutenant Daw son, also readied Gpulbuin onthe same day.1' There are left on the diggings at present- fifty ef the military. . ,: ? ? . ? An individual signing himself va- Catholic in Monday's Herald, draws the; attention of the legal authorities to the lottery about to take- place at the Sacred Heart. He says that the' walls of the Sacred Heart- Church, Paddington are placarded with notices of a lottery. Poor iellow, his know led»e of the localities in which Cathulic churches are' situated, must be very meagre. If he be a Catholic, which we very much doubt, we should advise him to pay a. visit to 'the 'Sacred ; Hearc Church, which he will' find sonVe difficulty ih'dis covering in Paddington. The whole of the insinua tions about the Governments, of Rome and' Naples are not very creditable to him, and oBly tend further to prove that the non de plume assumed is but a cloak to give vent to his hatred of every thing Catholic. It would have been more-becoming in him to have signed himself an ti- Catholic. i St. Mary's Literary Society. — A lec ture was delivered in St. Mary's Hall, on Monday evening, before the members of St. Mary's Literary Society and their friends, by Mr. S. Cullen, on the ' Irish Language.' The chair was occupied by Mr. Thomas O'Neill, the Vice-President of the Society, who introduced the lecturer to the audience. Mr. Cullen, on rising, proceeded to say that the paper he: had the honour of appealing before them to read that evening was not so much a lecture as ? an introductory address on the beauties of the Irish language, which was full of the most interesting historical associations, and recalled to their minds . thememories of childhood, the scenes of youth, and the fond recollections of parent, friend, and an cestor, so dear to every Catholic heart. It was closely associated with all the ancient glories of Ireland ; it was the language of faith, the language of the sa'mts, the venerable priests, the profound theologians, the valiant raonarchs, the brave chief tains, and the profound scholars who had raised Ireland to so high a pinnacle of glory in the early ages of her history. It was the oldest language in Europe, and imparted energy and decision of cha racter to the Celtic race. The flourishing schools, the magnificent churches, that covered the face of the country testified to the interest felt by the people of that time in the progress of learning and religion throughout the country. Ireland was called the Island of Saints, or, more affectionately still by her people, the Blessed Isle of St. Patrick, 1,400 years ago; and it was still further glorified by the virtues of Columbanus, and Icolmkill, and by the holy daughters of St. Bridget, whose Monas tery was called by the people the Convent of the Black Ladies, and whose labours in the cause of religion and virtue were the means of bringing; up thousands of children in the practice of Christian holiness. The language spoken at this bright era was the. ancient'Trish, the language of prelates and scholars, the language of St. Patrick, and, in our own day, the language in which the holy and zealous Bishop of Tuatn consoled the poor of Partry in the persecution they had to undergo. At that time, the Greek and Latin tongues were so universally known throughout the country that they might easily have been m--de the national lan guage ; but the people preferred to adhere to their own, which abounded in felicitous and forcible expressions, and with which their dearest recollec tions were associated. Then came the time when the Vandals invaded the country and destroyed their churches, convents, palaces, and schools; but although the language sunk into disuse for 300 years, it had survived all attempts to destroy it, which would not have been the case if English had been the language of the people. The Irish had survived every attempt to destroy it, and up to so late a period as fche time of Catholic Emancipation had remained the medium of communication among the great majority of the people; but the Irish lost its classic character at the death of Carolan, the last of the Irish bards, who died in 1796, and to whose memory a monument was1 erected by a daughter of the Earl of Lichfield. There were four causes of the decay of the Irish language : — the conduct of the majority of the schoolmasters, who would not teach in their schools, nor suffer it to . be spoken by their scholars ; the splendid talents of the Irish orators, whose speeches at the bar and in the senate had done so much to introduce English among the people ;' the introduction of the present system of National Education, and the famine of 18-16. Throughout the land the talents of Grattan, Currau, Plunkett, O'Connell, and Sheil, had con tributed to extend the use of the English language ; but it was chiefly O'Gonnell who had made the Irish an English speaking people. His voice and manner went to the very inmost soul of the people, and searched the inmost recesses of the Irish heart. He was followed by Duffy, M'Nevin, Davis, and others, who, although gifted with splendid talents, had caused a fatal day to arrive for their native tongues But of all the causes. the most disastrous was the establishment of the system of National Education, which had been condemned by the universal voice of the Catholic bishops; hut he hoped and believed that the Young Men's Societies were destined to correct the evil, and to estab lish flourishing schools and colleges to preserve the language, and make it once more the language of the. people. In Dublin, the most Catholic city in the world, English was spoken with greater purity than in any other place ; he trusted that in 20 years time the Irish language would be known to every one in the country. The enthusiasm for the Pope in 1 8.60 was a proof of the love, the Irish felt for their religion, which was only superior to their love for . [reland. A celebrated German author had borne testimony to the literary merits of the Irish lan guage, and said there was more merit in ' Aileen Aroon' than half the songs of Europe; And in oratory, pulpit. .oratory particularly, the Irish were not inferior to any people in the world. In no plage were the truths of religion more forcibly or im pressively delivered to the people than from the pulpits of theCatholic churches throughout Ireland. Never .had : the poets, orators, and literary men of Ireland been debased by scepticism or infidelity. The people had endured every species of persecution for move than three centuries, but had endured it all with patience, and every ; effort to detach them from their faith had been entirely unsuccessful. The lecturer resumed his seat amid loud cheers.— Mr. Kiely proposed a vote of thanks to the lecturer^ and expressed his extreme regret that he was unac-: qnained with the Irish language. Mr. Corrigan seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously. ?'?'Mr. O'Neill couveyed:the vote of thanks to the lec turer, and in doing so made some; very apposite re maiks;on the beauty of tha address, regretting at the same time that the attendance vyasso. limited.. After Mr. Culleu liad responded to the vote, the assembly broks up. .''?.'.,.'..?' '.-,', The, Mayoralty K)R'iSf32.— On Monday, at a special ' rnee tin g 'of ' ilie Corporation , Alderm an Moyla'n ' was' ' unanimously elected Lord Mayor for the ensuing year, 'Oouncillor' M'Swiney having j'ie'lded1 his strong claims in that gentle man's favour. ' An anti-tobacco lecturer Bpoke so powers fully againBt the use of tobaeno that several of his audience went home and burned their cigars— hold- ding one end of them in their mouths by way oi punishment. . 