MIXING LEASES. (To the Editor of the M. and D. Advertiser. SIB,—Allow me, through your journal, to call the attention of the members of the Miner's Protection Association to the abuse of the above privilege—a privilege sought for some three years ago by the working miners of this neighborhood for the purposes of facilitating the union of capital with labor; which, if earned out in all its integrity, would have been a blessing to the working man, and .lot the curse it now is. To my own knowledge, there arc now upwards of one hundred and fifty acres of the best ground for mining purposes held under what is termed " Application for mining leans f and of the few leases so taken out, I only know of one solitary instance wherein the covenant of such lease has been fulfilled. This is one of the many grievances which the industrious miner labors under, and may, in some measure account for the great stagnation of mining operations in the im^e^ia^ locality of Maryborough. Trusting that this subject will receive from the Association that consideration which its importahcc merits, I remain, Sir, your obedient servant, ? QUARTZ-MINEB. Maryborough, 17th April, 1861. THE GOLI>-FIEI.I>S PABTI. — A meeting of members for the gold-fields was held in the Parliament House OH Thursday, to concert measures to obtain combined action on questions afiecting the gold-fields. On the motion of Mr. l'ykc, seconded by Mr. Woods, Mr. Gillespie was called to the chair. Mr. 1'yke moved," That, in order to insure harmonious action among the representatives of the gold-fields, it is desirable to form a standing committee, to consider general questions affecting the mining interest, prior to Legislative action being taken thereon." This was seconded by Mr. Donald, and carried, unanimously. Mr. Donald then moved, That a preliminary committee, consisting of Messrs. iVoods, M'Ldlan, Lock, and Donald be appointed, with power to call a general meeting for the further discussion of this subjectseconded by Mr. Carpento-, and carried unanimously. Mr. M'Lellan moved, and Mr. 1'yke seconded, " That Mr. Lock be appointed boa secretary, and instructed to call a general meeting for Tuesday next, at 2 p.ra." Carried unanimously. A vote of thanks to the chairman terminated tbe busi- ness of the meeting.— Arg**, April 20. GOOD CASK—On Friday last a cake of retorted gold weighing iWoz was taken to the Bank of Victoria for transmission to Melbourne for assay. It was obtained from the Imperial Reef, Shellback, from tbe prospectors claim. This claim was taken up in September or October last, and has averaged about two ounces to the ton ever since so that the prospectors have in this instance made a good thing of their discovery. MIMIRG HoAB» MEETING. —A typographical error occurred in our report of the last meeting of the Maryborough Mining Hoard. In a motion of Mr. G. W. I'aterson's, respecting increased areas uuder miner's rights, appeared the words—" Provision to be matte for leatittg blocks between each allotment for mining purpose*." It should have been "Provision to be made by leasing blocks between each allotment for mining purposes." MIKEBS' ASSOCIATION.—A. meeting of miners for the purpose of organising a Miners' Association, was held at Legge's Commercial Hold on Saturday afternoon. We are compelled to defer publication of particulars until our next issue. Two experiments with Porter's process, in Castlemaine, have turned out most successful, two lots of tailings from the Emu reef having yielded in tbe one case over one, and in the other, over two ounces to the ton. The reef is considered a very poor one. In the Ararat Adi erttier of April 19th is a very interesting account of a visit to the Flat Reef at Pleasant Creek. This reef is very extensively worked, powerful machinery being employed for raising the stone, and a considerable number of men being engaged below; but it is for its peculiar formation, from which it takes its name, that it is most remarkable. It is thus described:— " This Flat Reef runs almost horizontal, and was first discovered by its making into the old Cross Reef It is about twelve feet in thickness, and its formation is very extraordinary on account of its great irregularity; in one place it rises three or four feet, aid in another it will drop iu the same proportion; sometimes it is found to be sixteen or eighteen feet in height, and in a few feet it will lie only about eight or ten, so that it is by no means to ue depended upon; it is now being traced out to tbe eastward, and has been proved to run several hundred feet out in that direction, as its crown or surface cropping, is the old Main Reef, the course of which, strange to say, is at right angles with the present workings, conveying to the mind of a stranger unacquainted with either, the complete impossibility of its being one and the same, which the long distance (about 950 foet), of the underground lode from the anrftes outcrop still further confirms; to the eastward, it is rising in some places quite abruptly, but ita generaldip is about one foot in four or five; the course of the Main Reef is about N.E. by S.W., whilst the present workings ot the Fist llee£ extending upwards of 400 feet, run about N.W. by S B.; the anomaly is explained by stating that it comes in like a huge spur, as it were, alongside the line of the Cross Ree£ and is supposed by eomc to continue downward, with that lode, hut this is not yet proved to he the case." A baker at Launoeston has perfected a patent machine, for making bread with carbonic acid gas instead of yesst. According to tbe Bendigo Adeertuer, about thirty iff the volunteers assembled on parade on Sunday morning, in uniform, and marched to church. A NIMUS from Adelaide announces that the Bank of Australasia was regularly bcsciged on Monday, and the doors had to be shut, and the books dosed, to keep off the rush of applicants for shares in the Durea Copper Mines. The analysis of the ore tested gives a per centage of copper of about 48}. All the shares were taken up before 11 s.m., and were immediately at a «on< sidcrable premium. Eto>Tr-sBVBH spedmens of New South Wales and Queensland timber have been tested as to their strength and clastioity at the Sydney Mint, and many have been proved to be superior in both respects to the ode, the ash, and the best woods of Great Britain. The Linerpool Dailg Pott records the decease of the Rev. James Aspinall, rector of Althbrpe, who died on the 15th February, at the age of 65\. Thedcccascd gentleman was father of Mr. B.C. Aspinall, the well known Victorian barrister, and late member for Castleraaine. WESI.STAX PBSACREB'S PLUS.—The plan of the Maryborough and Amherst Circuit for the second quarter of tbe current year is now ready for distribution. Four's CIBCOS.— This favourite equestrian troupe is announced to perform in Maryborough oil Tuesday (to-morrow) evening; several novelties, in the way of juggling, &c.;, being promised in addition to the re^ilar horsemanship and aero batic performances. The prion of admission are stated st 4s. and 2s., which i* we believe a reduction upon former rates. On Wednesday the circus will be erected at Carisbrook, and on the following day will be removed to Tarrengower. Axratumo* is TIMB or CMHIHO ENGLISH M*u—It will be seen by a notice in another column that the mail will close on Wednesday, 24th inst.For registered letters, at 130 p.m.; for letters and newspapers, vie Southampton, at 2.30 p.m.; for letters, i ia Marseilles, al 9 p.m. BEDBANK HosriTiL COMMITTEE.—Wc are in receipt of a letter from Mr. Jas. Hunter, Secretary to the Red bank Hospital Committee, statins that that committee is in no way connected with tbe Progress Committee of Red bank. The old bridge at Carisbrook has had another narrow escape of being carried away, the water having, in tbe late flood, risen to the level of the bridge. Do the government intend to wait until it is swept away, before they think about erecting another P DEATH BR BOBSURO.—On Wednesday last a child about three years old, daughter of a digger named Bernard M'P;rmott, living at the Amphitheatre, was accidentally burnt and dial next day from tbe iujurio* received, An inquest was held by Dr. Laidman on Friday, the 10th. when it appeared from the evidence of the mother and another woman, that the child had been left with her little brother sitting by the Are in Hie but eating her breakfast, and that her mother hsd not been outside more than two minutes before the littie thing came running out of the but with her clothes on fire. The mother ran to her and caught her and extinguished the fire, but not before a large burn had been inflicted on her right side and back. The burn was dressed with oil, but the child died next day. No medical assistance could be obtained. The jury returned a verdict in accordance with tbe evidence, DSATH W a DRIVE.—Dr. Laidman, the district coroner, held an inquest, on the 10th inst., at liines' diggings, on the body of a miner named Patrick Loonan, who was killed on Wednesday by the falling in of a quantity of earth in a drive where he was working. William Hofher, deceased's mate, was working with him in the drive, when suddenly a large quantity of earth fell in, covering up the deceased, and some falling on Hofncr. Ilofner called out, and a man named Como, who was working in an adjoining claim, went to him thronuh a hole that communicated with the drive, and pulled him dear, whereupon they both set to work to get deceased out. It took them half-an-honr to accomplish this, by which time Loonan was quite dead. Dr Robinson, who had been oiled, and who was waiting at the top oi tbe shaft, pronounced his death to have teen caused by suffocation. Verdict accordingly. DNOWKBP » A WATES-HOLS—An inquest was held by Dr. Laidman the district coroner, at Amphitheatre, on the 19th instant, on tbe body of Thomas Gaze, a child four and a half years old. lie only evidence taken was that of the father and mother, from which it appeared that the child, having been missed some tune, a search was made by the father and tbe body found iu a water hole near tbe tent where they were living. Verdict, Accidentally drowned. Nitno* ESCAPE.—During the late violent storm of wind and rain Mr. Call, the police magistrate, and Mr. Morgan, C.M C., of Carisbrook, being on the road between Carisbrook and Maryboroug, took shelter with their horses in the stabling attached to Gray's dairy, when suddenly a tree came crash upon the roof, breaking it in. Both gentlemen were in considerable danger, but fortunately escape! uninjured. All along the road broken branches attest the violence of the storm. Aa inquest was held the other day at Bolinda, by the district coroner, Dr. O'Snllivan, on the body of Elizabeth Anne Mumford, who died suddenly under what appeared suspicious circumstances ; ber sister died but a few weeks previously. The evidence taken went to show that death was caused from natural causes, greatly accelerated from want of proper food. Deceased was 14 yean of age, and tier sister who died previously was aged 10 years. From the evidence of the father it appeared that he belonged to a notorious if not very respectable HuuiYy, as tbe following extract from b is evidence will show.—" Two uncles committed suicide, one by hanging himself die other by shooting himself; my brother also shot himself. The celebrated murderer Greenacre, who murdered Hanah Brown, was tbe husband of my first cousin. My present wife has been to Melbourne on a charge ot insanity, she at one time ran into the bnsh almost naked."— GiAome Ezprea. SHOCKING ACCIDENT AT BEKDIGO.—We have to record tbe occurrence of a fatal accident to one of the oldest residents on Bendigo, Mr. William Matthews, of tbe Cornish Store, White Hills. Mr. Matthews had a quartz claim on the Eastern Victoria Reef, nearly opposite the British and American Hotel, called the Try- me-Well claim, on which is sunk a shaft to the depth of about 120 feet. Yesterday afternoon, about three O'clock, Mr. Matthews was at the claim, and wanting to go down the shaft, he made a common foot loop on the end of the rope, and putting his foot therein, and taking hold of the rope above, he was lowered down by the two men at the windlass. He hsd been lowered down, ss near as could be estimated by the length of the rope, between twenty and thirty foet, when the men felt ths rope relieved of the weight, the unfortunate deceased having fallen down the shaft. Aa quickly as possible, one of the men was lowered down, and found Mr. Matthews at the bottom, still breathing. He was removed to the top immediately, and being placed in a conveyance was taken to his house at the White Hills. Dr. Hoyle was soon in attendance, but medical aid was of little avail, as he never rallied, and died about five o'clock. The right leg was fractured above the knee, tbe thigh bone protruding through tbe trousers, Other injuries about the head had also been sustained, but it cannot yet be stated what was tbe immediate cause of death until the result of tbe poit mortem examination is known. It is supposed that his foot must have caught some projection in tbe shaft, and jerked ont of the loop, and from (he diaracter of tbe fracture, that he fell on his feet; tbe sudden contact with the ground after falling lrom such a height accounting for the injuries to tbe spinal conl and the base of the brain, which he hsd sustained when he was seen by Dr. Hoyle— Advertitcr. HUSOES THE BEST SADCB. —" Hungry hunter," is not a bad comparison,at least so thought a young Oxford friend of ours, as he was riding home to Alma Mater after a long day with the V. W. H, Twenty miles to oover, and an hour and forty minutes down the vale, would create an appetite under the ribs of death; and our young student, who was the son of a cotton spinner, was rather remarkable, even among the "good-grubbers," as having a peculiar twist of bis own. Dismounting from his quadruped, and entering a small roadside inn, be Wsea the landlady to put something before turn. The something soon appeared in the shape of remnants of a meat pie, which was all that remained after ber own dinner. Young Nimrod was hard at it "in the twinkling ol a bull's elbow," as they say at Hrasenose, ana never ceased plying his knife and fork till naught remained but a Pelion upon Osa of fragmentary bones which would have puttied our friend Waterhouse Hawkins to re-arrange H Capital pie," quatb Nimrod; " Never eat a better—quite equal to Gloomy Hinton's crow-tarts. And pray what night you have made it o^ my good woman 1"—' " Oh, Sir, there was beef and mutton, and lota of things in it" "And fish, too, I sec," laid the voung disdple of Ducklsnd, daintily balancing, on histork, what appeared to be the vertebra of it flatfish,—"Fish, sir! Oh, dear! no sir—no fish. Why, dear mc," she continued, attentively examining the fragment," Well, that ii lucky; if it ain't our little Hilly's small-tooth comb! and I have been looking for it these tea daye, —The Fitld. The Court of Mine* and County Court have been transferred from Indigo to Chiltcrn. BBBACU or PaoMiss—Is weakness of intellect • good plea for breach of promise of marriage t The City Secondaries Court was called upon to dedde the point some days ago. One Thistlewood, "a gentleman of independent property" who spells Kate 11 C«W," requests the lady of hi* heart not to forget the "umberrella," and writes " 80 lb*." for £80, woed and won a Miss Knights, daughter, who lived near Ockctsdon, in Essex. Thistlewood was a lodger at the farmhouse, it was arranged that he should marry the girl, the wedding ring was bought, the wedding speech prepared, the advertisement intended to announce the marriage fairly draws up, the lioeutc obtained, whensuddenly Mr. Thistlewood was afraid that an accident he " met with" some few years ago would unfit him for marriage, and he drew back from his promise. The resJ reason seems to have been that Mr.Knightu did not seem inclined to pay 200 "lbs." down. He was also offended at a little attention shown to a Captain Simonds, who was TO year* of age, and for whom Thistlewood had requested his bride elect to work a pair of slippers. As Thistlewood broke his premise, Miss Knights brought her action ; it was not defended, and the court had to aaaess damages. The pleas in mitigation arc amasng. Mr. Tbiftlewood was declared by a medical man tribe " physically and morally incapable of matrimony." One reason given in proof of fab weak intellect was that he could not spell " Cheapade," Tbe jury cut the matter short by assessing the damages at £600.— Ilomr Xewi. JUVEMIE BBXEVOLKMCE.—The other day a boy came tearing round a corner, with his rags fluttering in the wind, his bee smeared with molasses, and a shingle flourishing in hi* hand, while he was shouting to another boy, about the MSC of a pepper-box, who stood nearly a quarter of mile down the street—«Oh,- Hill, Bill, Bill-get ss many hoys as yon can, and a* many shingle* as ever you can, and come up the street round the comer as fast as ever you can, for there's a big hogsit of'lasses busted on the pavement—busted all to smash 1" The Photographic Ktwt is responsible for the following:—" A certain small photograph, about the site of our visiting cards, of which strange tales are told, is now selling in large numbers all over Italy. It is a portrait of an Italian soldier, who having attempted the life < f the king was cruelly executed. For some time previous to bis downfall it is said that this photograph, like Banquo's ghost, haunted the tyrant. Mysteriously enough, and in defiance of all precautions, it is said to have met his eyes at all hours and in all places, until there seemed something supernatural Mid ominous in its ever recurring presence. When he knelt before the Virgin's shrine, in his morning orisons, there, about the neck of the image, hung this photograph. When he attended mas and opened bis missal, there was the soldier'* portrait At dinner, when he unfolded his napkin, out fell thi* identical photograph, and when at night he retired to rot, within tbe well-guarded sanctuary of fab slumbers, there, laid boldly upon the very pillow of his couch, he found this picture—this strange production of an art which he had banished from his crime and terror-haunted dominions. A Garibaldino, whom we have just welcomed back from his generous and dangerous labour* on behalf of an enslave] couatry, showed us the portrait, and said it wss thought in Italy that the king's singular flight from an enemy quite unable to compete with bis well organised and for more numerous forces was to Mae extent attributable to the state of bewilderment and terror brought about by these unaccountable incidents. Be this true or not, certain it is that in consequence of the interest thus attached to the photoft-aph in question, it is rapidly selling all over the newly liberated country. Most of the English Garihaldiui have brought over one or more. ~ : A new propeller for steamboats, called the disc wheel, has been patented in London, and. tried on the Thames with marked success. It consists of plain, flat, thin wheels of iron, like circular saws without teeth, which work in the same way as paddle wheels. Iu the experiment that wss trial there were five of these plates on each side of the vessel, dipping about two feet into the water. The great advantage seems to be that there u no vibration, as with paddles, and comparatively no waste of power. AnvKETisEKKKr.— A certain remedy for Sicfc Headache and Bile. — Tbe most prevalent disorders to which the human frame is suKj"ct perhaps, sick headache and bile, suffered by both sexes and all ages, and which are tbe ground work, nay, tbe very foundation of some of the worst of disorders. Amongst the many remedies brought before the public, there is nothing which can equal Holloway's Pill* for the cure of these distressing complaint!, their effects are prompt and certain, and as they strike at the very root of the disease, they leave the sufferer in tbe enjoyment of health, after every other means have failed. These Pills *riH also care all liver and stomach comliints. 3 