MIÄING INTELLIGENCE. Sebastopol Hill is alive with law «>nd if*P sinking stir, albeit the population has l0°g since dwindled away to a mere ghost « what was once there. Approaching the T» worn Magpie the places are still visible wllere the long since departed companies down their tramways for the convey R,nc« of the washdirt to the newly intro .-'iCfd })u,l Hing machines by the creek side. « thB green grass has grown over both Prenaliman's and White Horse tram *av«. as also over most of tte tatlock thrown out hv thMÛBÈS&B;** men tera upon the basaltic rock with which ocr miners are now so well acquainted. Ascending the hill we perceive the tortuous course of the Yarrowee is now through a valley for the most part over spread with sludge, to which nuisance two companies are adding, by paddling machines erected in the middle of the flat, where the White Horse Lead crosses. These companies are paddocking out the first bottom there but with no very brilliant result. On the hill itself we find ourselves among the debris of Nos. 1 to 14 on the Frenchman's, including that of the "Twelve Apostles' " chum, and the heaps thrown up by the Victoria, White Star, Boyal Charter and others on the White Horse. Silence and modern sludge now reign over nearly all the territory once noisy and jolly with the golden success of those companies. Scarce aught else than a tradition of the Apostles now remains, saving, of course, the bluestone lumps and thc now grass grown earth those industrial worthies left behind them. One or more of the Apostles are in her Majesty's faithful Commons House of Victoria, and one is " O. H. M. S." at another goldfield, but where the rest are we must leave to the Sebastopolians of the present day. The whole of the line of the Frenchman's is now clear until we come to the Defiance (vice Bound Tower) Com pany, and on the White Horse there is only that Duality in Unity known as the Bed Jacket cum *« Franklyn and others," if we except' the Black Ball, an old ground company, working the ground ?ot far from the site of the original Royal Charter, Victoria, or Flying Dutch man's claims. South of the Frenchman's, however, there is a new run being worked, supposed by some to be the Lord Raglan Lead, and by others to be some other tribu tary of the Frenchman's Lead, the Lord Raglan being regarded as au affluent of the Cobbler's Lead. On this new gutter, or. gutters as we shall see presently it may prove to be, there are only two companies actually at work at present The first company consists of 30 shareholders delight ing in the dubiously complimentary name of the Fiatcatchers. They have a regular old fashioned plant: a common windlass with the old traditional "fly" over the brace, and the inevitable "shanty" close alongside. They opened out at 190* feet, and ar J now driving in hard reef for the deep ground, which they expect to strike at about 130 feet from the shaft, 46 feet having already been put in. There is not much water, and the men appear to have great faith in the prospect before them. Next to the Flat catchers come the Pis-ants, » bose industry, however, does not appear to be just now realising the pictures taught us in didactic homilies of olden time anent the little things to which the attention of the sluggard bas been wont to be directed as examples for him to copy. The Pis-ants of Sebastopol have given up work, after reaching the deep ground and washing good gold from the dirt raised. They have a 10 horse power engine, and puddling gear attached, but water and other difficulties, and the magnetic attrac tions of the New Zealand rush, have been more than the company could withstand. We were informed, indeed, that the whole concern had been bought by the next com I pan j, the Defiance, for the sum of £1000, and if this bargain be concluded the latter company will certainly have a fine large claim. The Defiance men are now turning their attention to the new tributary, and are so certain of their future that they are advertising their pumps for sale, iu the belief that the new ground is all but dry, and can be worked with ease without the assistance of the usual deep lead machinery for water raising. The pluck and perseverance of the company are worth noticing. Having survived the expensive and protracted litigation with their neigh I bors of the Red Jacket Company as to the right to the Frenchman's Lead, and having worked out the older gutter, they turned their attention to prospecting for the deep ground believed to lie on the south side of tbe shaft. At a depth of 345 feet a drive was opened south, and put in a distance of 370 feet, when an up-bore of 19 feet struck washdirt, which from the color was christ ened the Bed Gutter, and which yielded from S to 4 oz. to the machine. At this upper level they drove about in the reef, and at length broke into fresh washdirt at a lower level, the run being named the White Gutter. This run yielded stuff that paid 14 oz., 18 oz., 22 oz., and so on to the machine, besides highly aurifer ous conglomerate similar to that now being crushed by the Eureka Cement Company, but more heavily charged, apparently, with gold. From a heap lying by the brace we picked up specimens at pleasure. The company wisely resolve to save this pro mising stuff for crushing at some future time. The company having been so far lucky was not yet satisfied, and fnrther ex plorations were resolved on. A drive was put in further, and the basaltic rock struck at a distance of 40 feet.- This was of course taken as an indication of still deeper ground beyond or beneath, and a drive was put down aslant the reef, hugging the dip of the basalt for sixty feet, until the level of the main southern drive was reached, and the next work will be a continuation of the main drive till the bottom of the slanting drive is reached, and then the finding of the supposed deeper gutter will be set about. The company have no doubt at all about the existence ol the gutter in question, and they aver that it is that gutter which the Nelson Company are now working, a junction of that gutter with the Frenchman's being pronounced as almost certain within the Nelson parallels. Should this be the case it will throw a new element into the dispute already pending between that company and the Red Jacket; as if the gold the Nelson men are now get ting be not from the Frenchman's it is hardly to be presumed that any resuscita tion of any title, real or mythical, "could entitle the Red Jacket Company to a par ticipation in the new spoil. By the purchase of the Pis-ant's claim the Defiance Company secures a gutter, length of 2300 feet, among 53 men, and we need not add that the Defi ance men look with philosophical coolnesi upon the Tuapeka Dorado. Next to the Defiance Company comes the Nelson of Court of Mines notoriety. The company are now raising very fair dirt, but from what gutter, we dare not, after the contrariety of opinions extant at Se bastopol thereon, presume to say In the Court of Mines it is pre sumed that the dirt may be from th Frenchman's gutter, and the company havi been directed, therefore, to keep account o the gold obtained; as although got iron beyong the Red Jacket tenancy in commoi boundary, an " undivided moiety" of th precious produce has been claimed by. tha aller ego of the Red Jacket Conman; vcleped " Franklyn and others," It is sui that the Judge of the Court of Mmes ha nostponed his decision in the Nelson am Bed Jacket Companies' suit for a month, s that it is likely his Honor feels somewha hedged about with difficult co-.nplications v the business. The delay is causing extrem anxiety and disquietude to the parties inter ea ted, and especially to the Nelsonians wh denounce the action taken by Franklyn an others as only less absurd than unprincipled And some little warmth of feeling an even of expression may perhaps b pardonable under the circumstances, a the Nelson Company have had to encounter in common with their neighbors on the hil very great difficulty and privation in thei search for the treasure now litigated. Sine the demise of the Grand Junction Company the Nelson Company have had a great figl with afflictions. They have had, many < them, to mortgage their interests to full their present market value, and the deere of the Court of Mines is consequently awaite with the interest felt by men who dread tn possibility of losing not only what the think they have a right to, but whit the have slaked their little all upon. P«Tuf» to the lat.-r phase of the suit. batn.í lf«H*>« to the courts, we yessed an opinion o what we then regarded aaa, thorough hw but«»ffäWS^^*^ dice, and the decree is in fact awaited, we deem it improper to pass any opi nions upon the Vexed questions at issue between the parties. We may at the same time express the hope that the judge of the Court of Mines will not unneces sarily delay the delivery of a decree in which so great interests are involved; as the anxiety felt is not confined to the miners implicated, but extends also to their con fiding friends in commercial circles whose books contain items depending for prompt liquidation upon the speedy settlement of (the long pending suit. The Bed Jacket Company is now puddling dirt that turns out a fair average. This company is the only one of the original companies on the hill which does not rejoice in the posses sion of a brick or stone and brick chimney stack. The Bound Tower, Nelson, and Working Miners comnanies have short strong stacks, half stone'and half brick, the brick portions looking like red slides of a telescope pulled out from a dark colored sheath; while the far off taper ing stack of the Albion Company lifts its tall head, emulous of the more preten tious erections of our larger quartz crushing companies. The Working Miners Com pany's shaft is not yet bottomed, but is hard upon, 400 feet deep, and is universally held on the hill to be "dead" on some gutter. Some of the miners on the hill hold that the ' company must be on the great trank lead of j Ballarat, but the question is one that can- ' not yet be set at rest. The Albion Company has not yet proved the ground, but it is pretty certain that the deep ground struck by the company's bore cannot be the same as that which the Working Miners are ex pecting to land in. This supposition is grounded cn a comparison of the respective levels attained fay the two companies. There is, however, but little if any doubt that the large area within the parallels of the several companies on the hill is traversed by many tributary streams that once emptied themselves into what is now called the Great Trunk Lead. But whe ther the course of that main stream be west or south, nobody can yet say, albeit the preponderance of opinion among miners " down creek" is in favor of a southern course. Cobbler's Lead is now in the hands of the Prince of Wales and Camp Companies. The latter company is raising wash-dirt that pays very handsomely, and the prospects of thc company are looked on as good for some time to come yet. Thc Prince of Wales Company has struck deep ground on the south-west as well as on the north of the shaft, that to the south being much deeper than the other. Different opinions are held relative to the two gutters thus struck, some holding that the southern ground is the Great Trunk Lead going down, and others holding it is the Cobbler's Lead coming up. The company is making divers alterations in the arrangements of * the machinery, which is powerful and in excel lent gear, and the claim promises to be one of the best going so soon as the deep ground gets fairly into working. One of the most successful of our quartz mining companies is the Independent Com pany, Black HUI. The works are now in excellent working order, and, for effi ciency and economy combined, might afford a very useful example to some of the more recently started enterprises in our district. The battery of twelve stamps is kept going night and day, and the quantity of stone crushed is about 250 tons per week. This is got from an open cutting at a level of about 25 or 30 feet 1 >wer than that pre viously stripped, The approach is by an inclined tramway, up and down which the trucks are worked by a horse specially trained to the work The width of paying ground at present exposed to view is about seventy feet, east and west, nearly the whole I of which consists of quartz, with here and I there a foot or two of schist. This extensive show of paying stone is well worthy of a visit from those who take an interest in such works. Some of the blocks are very rich, and while oh a visit there on Friday afternoon we were shown gold in almost every stone that was picked from the face. In breaking some of these specimens the gold will sometimes continue to hold the divided parts of quartz together, so thoroughly is it impregnated with the pre cious metal. Much of the stone, however, is a great deal poorer than this, though it ü all crushed, bad and good. The average yield for the past fortnight has been 8 dwtt per ton, giving very handsome returns a¡ may be well supposed when we state on tb( authority of two of the shareholders that four penny weights per toa will paj them very well. The last fortnightly dividend was £40 per share, but it is ex pected that ere long the returns will eva reach a higher figure. The cost of breakin| out the stone does not amount to 2s per ton and the total expenses of crushing and dres sing may be put down, we were informed at under 5s per ton. The Ballarat Company, Yandoit, have go into good stuff that yields nearly 3 ounce to the load; three loads tried a day or tw ago yielded an average of 2 oz. 16 dwts, which, at 40 loads to the machine, gives th extraordinary return of 93 lbs. 4 oz. to th machine. This information is given to u by one of the shareholders, and if so heav a yield is obtained, there is little doubt tlis Yandoit alluvial shares will be decided! looking up in the market. 