SYDNEY. FRIDAY, APJRIL 20» 1861. Tn H legislative Conncil met yesterday, pursuant to ad- journment, at half- past four. Messages were received from the Assembly, concurring with the Aot for the continuance of Temporary Acts, the Act to repeal certain Imperial enactments, and the Coro ner*g Bail for Manslaughter Bill. A message from the Assembly was also received, concur- ring with the Council's amendments on the Pitt-street Tramway Bill. Another message was received from the Assembly, con ! taining a Bill to fix the salary of the Chief Commissioner of Insolvent Estates. The Bill was read a first time. Hr. ROBERTSON gave notice that to-day ha will move that the House meet on Mondays and Saturdays, in addition to the prêtent sitting days, for the transaction of Govern- ment business. Mr RODKBTSON laid on the table papers relative to the case of John Tawell, which were ordered to be printed. Mr. ISAACS resumed the debate on the Legislative Council Bill, and, ia a speech of great length, expressed his determined opposition to it Mr. HUNT briefly opposed the Bill. Mr RUSSELL opposed Mr. Docker's amendment, that it be read a second time on the 11th of May next. Mr. Towns supported the amendment. Mr. ROBBT wonld vote for the second reading, bat unless the Bill was amended in very important features in com- mittee, te would oppose the third reading when it came on. Dr. DOUGLASS and Mr. GEOBOE ALLEN opposed the Sill. Mr. HARGRAVE having replied, The House divided, when the amendment was carried by 23 to 6 j The announcement of the result of the division was re- ceived with load cheers. The House went into committee OD the Wahgunyah Murray River Bridge Company's Bill, and having gone though the clauses with amendments, the House resumed. The second reading of the Chinese Immigration Regula- tion Bill was postponed nntil this day. Hosking's Trust Bill, tho Minmi and Hexham Railway Aot Amendment Bill, the Clarence and Richmond Rivers Steam Navigation Company'a Bill, and Mackenzie's Marriage Settlement Trustee's Bill were each read a second time. The second reading of the Cattle Driving Act Amend- ment Act waa postponed. The Members of Council Qualification Bill, and the Weat Maitland Church Land Sale Bill, were 'each considered in committee. ?.' Tte House rose at seven' minâtes past twelve o'clock, until four o'clock this day. In tho Legislative Assembly yesterday, the SPEAKER took the chair at three minutes past seven o'clock. Mr. COWPER laid opon the table of the House certain correspondence, moved for on the 6th March, between the Local and Imperial Governments, with reference to the property o' the late John Tawell. On the motion of Mr. COWPER, the Criminal Lunatics Bill of 1661, was lead a third time, passed, and ordered to be transmitted to the Legislative Conncil with amend- ments. On the motion of Mr. WEEKES, the order of the day for the resumption of the Committee of Supply waa discharged from the paper. On the motion of Mr. COWPER, the House resolved itself into Committee for the farther consideration of the Coal Fields Regulation Bill of 1861. Clauses 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, ll, la, and 13, were I assed without discussion. An amendment was proposed by . Mr. BEOMAB, on clause fourteen, which provides for the payment of the costs of arbitration by the owners of the respective collieries ta whiah tie wMtrationa relate, Tb« amendment waj last, OD division, by 22 to S. Hr COWPER pro po. ed an amendment apon clause 18, which was also carried. The remaining classes were passed, and an amendment proposed by Hr. CLASE larisa, for the recommittal of the Bill, with a view to the re-consider» tioa of the 18th claus?, having on a division, been negatived by 35 to 3, the report was adopted, and the third reading fixed for thia day. On the motion of Mr. COWPER, the Honae went into com- mittee for the consideration of the Gold Fields Bill, it being understood that several additional clauses would be pro I PMed i Hr. HOTTOS suggested that the House should resume, in order to allow time for the printing and circulation of these clauses, which waa agreed to. The farther consideration in committee of the Customs Tn'and Bonding Bill of 1861, was postponed until thia day. Hr. Wmu then moved the second reading of the Ap- propriation Bill of 1860-61, which was opposed b/ Hr. PIDDINOTOS. On a division there appeared for the motion 26, against it 5. ' * The SPKAKEB then left the chair, and the House went into committee. Hr. SAZOMISB mored an amendment opon elans« 1, which waa negatived by 18 to 19, and this, together with the other clauses, was passed without division. The report was then adopted, and the third reading of the Bill ordered for this day. . . .Hr. COWPER, moved the .second reading of the Munici- palities Bates Enforcement Bill. The motion was supported by Mr. BOTTOM, Mr. LUCAS, and Mr. WALSH ; but was opposed at great length by Mr. PIDDIKOTON, who was proceeding in his argument when Mr. COWPER rose and moved the adjournment. The motion was put to the House and carried without division, and the House adjourned at fire minutes past j 2 a.m., this day, until 3 o'clock p.m. THE Legislative Council being in articulo mortis, has been whiling away the handful of moments which comprise its existence, in a characteristic occupation. It has been writing its own epitaph. Mr. DOCKER moves that the second reading of the Legislative Council Bill stand as an order of the day, for the afternoon follewir g the day of the Council's death. The Honor- able DocKr.B, to borrow a phrase from the vulgar, " dies game." He is ambitious of closing his career and ' that of his col- leagues with a smile. He has won it. There is some practical humour in the motion itself. When the grave shall have closed over all the buffoonery which, under sanction of law, has been exhibited for the pest five, years, in the Chamber of which Mr. DOCKER is one of the most conspicuous members, the motion of this gentleman will remain as the. best evidence of its character. Mr. DOCKER desired to be lowered into the tomb with grave clothes borrowed from the pantomime, and his wish has been gratified. It is certainly an exhibition of exceptionable taste. One could hardly imagine that shrouds were articles of costume embraced in the general proposition of JACQUES that " motley's the only wear." One would have thought that the Legislative Council had been sufficiently laughed at in its life, and that the most egregious vanity on the part of its members would hardly induce them to prolong the merriment at the sepulchre.' The buffoon, most gluttonous of admiring smiles, scarcely wishes to be laughed at as he lies stretched in his coffin, unless, in- deed, the coffin is a stage one, and the death theatrical. But in Mr. DOCKER'S case the death is real, and what is worse than the awful reality of death under ordinary circumstances in the same case, there is not, there cannot be, any joy- ful resurrection for our dear brother departed. The radical politician whcse imagination may have been disturbed by Mrs. CBOWE or spiritual- ism, need be under no apprehension whatever about a return in Mr. DOCKER'S case. We shall never see even his ghost again. Nothing will remain of him save the epitaph of his motion. - As he and his noble friends are about to leave us for ever, it may not be out of place to say a word or two concerning some fallacies of which the Council has been the victim for a considerable time. In the first place, the Council, judging from the general tone of the speeches delivered by the .members of that august body, appear to have laboured under the delusion that their body represented the property of the country. Of course no man in this country requires to be told that there are several members of the Assembly who could separately and without great personal or pecuniary inconvenience buy up the whole OJUDCÍI. In truth, perhaps no section of politicians in the country could te excepted to on the mero ground of impecuniosity more thoroughly and more fairly than that which naturally groups itself round Mr. DOCKER. Three or four of the more prominent of them ore mem- bers of the legal profess! ri, of whose castles the Consul for Spain, or a high atmospheric authority might possibly furnish a description, but of whose real estate and overflowing ex- chequer their fellow-colonists are in a melancholy state of ignorance. Mr. DOCKER himself is a man who is generally supposed to be ex- hibiting some degree of heroism in the retention of a Parliamentary position. Mr. THOMSON is a public pensioner,and, we believe, in saying this, we describe the best security he offers to the world. These aro circumstances which we do not allude to from taste, but from necessity. We are well aware that the teach- ings of the history of the most eminent public men do not, in the majority of cases, furnish us with a theory which would establish the indispensableness of wealth to tho occupation of high public employment. We are aware that some of the profoundest statesmen, the most impassioned speakers, the most courageous and command- ing assertors of popular right, who have taken their places from time to time amidst the mighty aristocracy of England, have been men amongst whom there was more than one pau- per-and many bankrupts. But in the party warfare of this country, nothing has been more common during the past three years than to make the asserted poverty of public men enjoying the highest degree of public confi- dence, a charge against their fitness-and what is more remarkable, against the institutions which have placed them in power. In this vulgarity the Legislative Council has taken a leading part. When such insolence is exhibited, it becomes a duty to those insulted (who happen to be the whole public) to inquire respectfully whether the gentlemen making these charges are persons whose - respectability has a golden foundation. With two or-three exceptions, is there in the representative branch of the Legislature any single man who, in his identifi- cation with the propertied interests of the coun- j try, does nat stand ta . superior position to the great majority of these gentlemen? It has been said of the Commons House of England, that it is a more aristocratic body than the House of Lords. It may be truth- fully said of the Legislative Assembly that, if the wealth of members is to be the standard of Parliamentary excellence, it is in this body and not in the Council, that the sacred laws of property would be protected. We make these observations with the simple object of condemning the impertinence, and exposing the falsehood of some of the assertions made in the Legislative Council, with reference to the poverty of popular leaders, and the opulence of expiring nominees. One recon- ciles oneself to most things in this world, but that resignation is worthy of canonization which can listen without the protest of a sneer te Messrs. ISAACS and JOHNSON, when these gentlemen speak of the material necessities of Ministers. It is like the compassion of the shivering London street boy for the smiling Lazzaroni of Naples. In the second place, the Council has suffered from the delusion that the intelligence of the country has found its representation amongst its members. Perhaps this mistake is one of larger dimen- sions than the misconception with regard to the wealth of the Council. With the exception of the gentlemen who have from time to time re- presented the various Governments in the Chamber, we know of no Paliamentary speaker in it who would be listened to in a popular Assem- bly, with the single exception of Mr. DOCKER. NO franchise could return a Parliament so drugged with intellectual poppy or mandragora as to sit in respectful stillness, while Messrs. WANT, or JOHNSON, or ISAACS, spoke. Realise those three gentlemen in a deliberative Assembly, and forthwith Parliamentary government is at an end. No man would ever occupy the Speaker's chair. The very clerks at the table would resign. We say Mr. DOCKER is the solitary exception ; and perhaps the best pro )fof b.3 character of the Council is to be found in the circumstance that Mr. DOCKER has invariably played a subordinate part in the proceedings of the Chamber. The third and most grievous misconception into which the Legislative Council has fallen, consists in the confident belief expressed by more than one of its members, and loudly applauded by others, that it has entitled itself to popular respect. Perhaps there is no subject on which the people of the country have been so thoroughly consis- tent as on that of this Nominee Chamber. Its foundations were laid amidst choruses of inextinguishable laughter, and the amusement bas lasted ever since. Mr. DOCKER is con- scious of it, and wishes to keep it up to the last moment. The humour of the thing. bas been that a number of gentlemen have been meeting, day,: after day, talking, protesting and legislating, not one of whom represents, or could by any possibility represent, the popu- lar voice in a vestry. We read of Mr. JOHNSON and Mr. ISAACS as members of Parliament ; and we endeavour to calculate the frightful disturb- ance, of the egg marked, the meltncholy advance in price which would immediately follow the notification of a popular candidature.on the part of either of them. No man could break- fast economically and comfortably for a month. We laugh-everybody laughs at the whole of them. Mr. DOCKER has lifted the curtain. He shows us the feeble old hypocrites laugh- ing at themselves. TUB form which the proposal for the resump- tion of immigration has now assumed, gives it a more acceptable character. Instead of squan. dering a hundred thousand pounds in the in- troduction of redundant labour, it is now merely proposed to devote half that sum to the assist- ance of persons, who, by themselves or their friends, are willing and prepared to contribute a portion of their passage money. Such, at least, we take to be the meaning of Mr. LEARY'S amendment. This course offers one of the best securities against the introduction of persons who will either unfairly deteriorate the value of labour, or become a burden to the country. As the House will this day be called upon to resolve itself ints committee on this question, it is desirable that members should come prepared to deal with the subject. Assisted immigration, as hitherto con- ducted, has given rise to some jealousy and complaining which ought to be guarded against in future. The funds should be fairly ap- portioned amongst the inhabitants of the three United Kingdoms, without reference exclusively to the first claimants. The laudable zeal and activity of the clergy of one religious denomination may otherwise raise a damaging opposition in other quarters. All tendency to the appearance of sectarian or national preference should be care- fully eschewed. There is no good reason why intending immigrants from Fngland or Scot- land, who can furnish the same guarantees as are given here by the relatives of immigrants from Ireland, should not be allowed to partici- pate in the advantages offered. The regulations are intended to facilitate the introduction of per- manent colonists, with settled objects in view, and without reference to creed or nation. In order to effect this satisfactorily, no room must be left for jealousy or discontent on the part of any section of the in- habitants whore contributions to the revenue entitle them to express an opinion on the point. If any modification of the regulations should be found necessary, the Governor and Executive Council will have power to make them. It is, perhaps, to be regretted that the reso- lution of which Mr. PARKES has given notice was not set down for an earlier day, in order that the whole subject might be discussed at the same time. With the spirit of that resolu- tion we cordially agree, and there appears to be nothing objectionable in its details. Mr. PARKES proposes that two competent persons shall be allowed a salary of a thousand pounds each for a year, together with five hundred pounds each for travelling expenses, for the purpose of stimulating, by lectures and other- wise, throughout the United Kingdom, a healthy and useful emigration to this colony. The amounts set down for Shipping Agencies, Printing, and other necessary expenses, create an aggregate sum of five thousand pounds, which it is proposed that the Governor shall be requested to place on a Supplementary Estimate. We regard this pro- posal as exceedingly well timed, and cannot an- ticipate any opposition to it. In the neigh- bouring colony of Queensland a similar policy has already been adopted by the Legislature, and n paid agent has been despatched to Eng- land for the purpose of making known the advantages offered to immigrants in that part of Australia. The people of Moreton Bay have had good cause to approve of such a course, for fe the,. publie legres of ©y, I»ANQ they were mainly indebted, for . an influx of frugal and industrious immi- grants, nearly all of whom were possessed of some small capital. Victoria has also taken this means of attracting a valuable population. There are thousands of persons "now in the United Kingdom who find the pressure of com petiton so severe as to forbid the hope of any- thing better than a bare subsistence, and who are ready to cast in their fortunes with an} country under British rule, that offers a fair prospect of something better. The reform of our land system is now a mere question of I time. It may be delayed by malicious obsti- nacy; but free selection is decreed, and must soon become an accomplished fact. We need, therefore, the aid of persons well acquainted with the country, and competent to instruct the Bri- tish public on the subject of the great change that is about to take place. The fame of the Victorian gold-fields, and the. popular estimate that is beginning to be formed of the vast resources of Queensland, render it an act of self-preservation to adopt extraird.nary means to keep this colony from being cast completely into the shade. |The abominable slanders, more- over, which are periodically circulated in Eng- land by means of a portion of the local Press, require, refutation and exposure in the same place. Pictures that might have been faithful representations of Van Diemen's Land some fifteen years ago, are constantly re- produced, and applied to the colony of New South Wales. We can scarcely expect that timid, or even careful persons, will feel disposed to risk their small savings by investing them in such a country as this Í3 represented to be. We have far more need of popular representa- tives in the United Kingdom than .either Queensland or Victoria, yet both of those colonies have got the start of us. 