ON SNOBS. IME was, when the name of British Merchant was looked on as one of which a mail might reasonably be proud. But then it was a a synonym for honor and probity, princely liberality and straightforward dealing. In these latter daj s, when these commodities r are somewhat at a discount, this age of Bolinda Mining Companies, levanting lawyers, Reads, Robinsons, and universal suffrage, it certainly has lost somewhat of its ancient splendour. The jolly old souls who used to conduct the commerce of the country, who transacted their affairs with grave deliberation, took their magnum of Port daily dozed away their evenings, went to church and snored with profound gravity during the sermon, loved their wives, duly chastised their cliildren, and eventually gave up the ghost in a decent business-like manner, have entirely disappeared, and a race of Commercial Snobs reigns in their stead. It is an astonishing fact that, while other Snobs are content with, and in many instances proud of, their business or profession—(the military, legal, or artistic snob, for instance,)— numbers of the Commercial Snobbocracy look down on their employment as an occupation beneath their august consideration. They kindly consent to fiveon the gains of the vulgar traffic, but, at the same time, take very good care that every one shall be duly aware of their condescension in so doing. As an example of this kind of Snob, let us introduce you to that well- known character, Mr. Oleaginous Gammon. Not many years ago, he occupied the dignified and important position of under clerk in a merchant's office in London. By dent of a judicious mixture of psalm-singing and cheek, he succeeded in inducing his employers to take him into partnership and send him out to found the celebrated house of Tally, Gammon, Crankey and Co. Here he found a fine field for the development of Ids snobbish propensities. At home, his talents sought scope for their development in sweeping out the office and toadying the principals. But see him out here;—Baring Brothers, and Rothschild may, individually and collectively, hide their diminished heads and acknowledge Oleaginous Gammon the quintessence of business propriety, the prince of Commercial Snobs. Oleaginous Gammon gives to every charity, subscribes to every religious fund, no matter what,—he likes to see the name of the firm in the list, that people may say, " liberal fellows, those Tally, Gammon, Crankey and Co. Wealthy firm. Immense business, &c.;, &c.;" Somehow or other, people don't quite believe in Oleaginous Gammon. Old Grunter, who has worked his way up bj his own exertion alone, can't stand his airs, and mutters " upstart r Snob," when he meets him in the street. Grabem and Hookem, the sharebrokers, about whose proceedings those interesting revelations were made, considers his assumption of superior sanctity a personal insult. Oleaginous Gammon lias a partiality for insolvents, and has helped many a one tlirough the court in his day, at the same time declaring himself to be the very soul of commercial morality and honor. Gammon always seeks to impress his auditors with the idea of the immense wealth and stupendous operations of his firm, whereas there are people heterodox enough to doubt both. Gammon never goes into anytliing of doubtful reputation himself,but gets some one else to do the dirty work while lie kindly shares the profit. Altogether, inasmuch as Mr. Oleaginous Gammon is anything rather than what he seems, or would have us believe, Ave unhesitatingly pronounce him a prodigious Snob. Then again, there's young Biikington, at present engaged in the softgoods trade. This hopeful youth is always particularly anxious to impress one with the fact that he was originally destined for the army, only some cause or other, which we forget—either that he had not brains enough to pass the examination, or the money wasn't forthcoming for the commission, or his aunt wasn't his uncle, or some other just cause and impediment—deprived her Majesty of liis valuable services. Biikington is in the volunteers, where he is great in consequence of his youthful martial tendencies. If any intending enemy could only hear Biikington breathing out threatenings and slaughter, and describing with appalling minuteness the excessively small mincemeat into which he would cut him if opportunity served, he'd think twice before landing. It mightn't be half a bad idea for the government to have a few thousands of Bilkington's military intentions struck off for transmission to the various potentates who might be inclined to pay us any attentions, andfor general distribution abroad. Truth, however, compels us to state that on one occasion, when an acquaintance, whom he had grossly insulted, offered to furnish him with an opportunity for gratifying his fire-eating propensities, that such was his respect for the law, that he allowed himself to be kicked down the street rather than transgress the form of the statute in that case made and provided. Rumours, too, have been circulated that during the Russian war, when offered a commission gratis, Biikington exhibited a most extraordinary and sudden aversion to a military life, to the intense disgust of his friends and the delight of a younger brother, who thus had the opportunity afforded him of being shot comfortably; which proceeding, having no "urgent private affairs" to necessitate a skulk home, lie satisfactorily accomplished. Biikington delights to tell of how he managed to give his creditors the slip on leaving home, hooped up in a cask with a perforated head, in which he lay perdu for a fortnight, and was fed through the bunghole. It is worthy of you, Biikington, to boast of having swindled some unfortunate tradesman, with a large family, perhaps, dependent on his earnings. It must be a noble nature truly tliat delights in the recital of his own shame. Our before mentioned friend old Grunter, is an example of a totally different species of Commercial Snob. His life has been spent in busiues, and in it is wrapt up his whole soul. Every other pursuit appears to him vaiu and frivolous. Tare and Tret are his god—Art, Science, or Politics, delusions, unworthy the attention of men. Grunter, Grunter, you're a decent, honest old fellow, as superior to Biikington or Gammon as light is to darkness, but still a snob. 