BBB FIFTH VOLUME OF MACAULAY'S HISTORY. "Vx hAlow the example of many of our. contem fMawts, and shall earn the approbation of otu .narZcsaïn printing a few extracts from this ?aaWahhiorical fragment. Bo well known ii lexi« Macaulay's style that it would be at this ?atecant almost an impertinence to attempt t< umkäme it. With his peculiar political views atfsn, tbe whole reading public has been long aanälijtr, and we need not point oat bow deeply Kia *" history" is tinged by party feeling. Th< *Qpr*V«rs and the Scotch will probably complaii erf ajoaay passages in this unfinished portion o ABS great work, and will not unreasonably cbargt iLrn with unfairness and partiality. Sat ever ?Vase who condemn will peruse with pleasure Bsa tedd, flowing periods, and will frequently paar» to admire bia brilliant pictorial effects Mamu the portions of the work which receivec «ttaacaefits of his correcting touch contain ni ?biches superior to some of those which ma; aW «stiled from this volume. We commence witl ams ttaetâote of the Elizabethan era :-' Tax VOLUHTEEBS IT TTXBOTIY. A was idle to repeat tbe names of great battles woi aaa *W aaiddle ages, by men who did not maka war thei astral »affin g ; those battles proved only that one millti asaaM teat another, and not that a militia eould bea aaargaJar army. As idle was it to declaim about tb ?saan* at Tilbury. We had, indeed, reason to be prond e aPJaasaxit whioh all elastes of Englishmen, gentlemc Basel yeomen, peasants and burgesses, bad BO Bignall áHrsáwjsd in the great oriels of 1688. Bat we had als aaatesaa to be thankful that, with all their spirit, the vars act brought face to face with Spanith battalion! Skaaktn related an anecdote well worthy t sat awaaamoered, whioh had been preserve ?gr tndition in the noble bonse of De Ven Ssw af tbe most illustrious men of that home, a oaptaii waa*aa*} acquired mach experienoe end much fame ii .a*Sutherlands, had, in the crisis of peril, been sum aast i tack to England by Elizabeth, and rode with he tSBfMgb the endless ranks of shouting pikemen. Sb aasttaai aaa what be thought of the army. " It is," be said avava army." There was something in his tone or man aaa* which showed that he meant more than bis word ?ausassiid. The Queen insisted on bis speaking oui ^abatata," be said, " Your Qraee's army ia brave indeed "M baw» aot in the world the name of a coward ; and ye l,asa lie greatett coward here. All these fine fellow na fraying tbat the enemy may land, and that ther asar- a* a battle ; and I, who know tbat enemy well, can aast Oink of anch a battle without dismay." De Vcr wara atosbtlass in the right. The Duke of Parma, in . átauéV weald not have subjected oar country ; but it is b. -Maastaas improbable tbat, if he had eiTtoted a landing ¿aaWaeJsad would bavo been the theatre of a war greatl; aasaiaabHng that whioh Hannibal waged in Italy, am .asa. tte invaders would not have been driven ont til ?newry cities bad been sacked, till many counties bat We« wasted, and till multitudes of onr stont-beartet aojaUts and artisans bad perished in the carnage o sarja aol less terrible than those of Thrasymene ant (tasa. Peter, the great Czar of Muscovy, and thc wald country over which he reigned, are power fairy sketched: Czut PXTER'S VISIT TO ENGLAND. ?»tte Bama week in which Whitehall perished, th« ?Tlos»stoners were supplied with a new topio of conversa ?Sos* Btv »Royal viait, which, of all Boyal visits, wai *%* least pompons and ceremonious, and yet the mosl asoasssting and important. On the 10th of January, a Wael from Holland anchored off Greenwich, and wai «atañed with great respeot. Pater the First, Czar ol JBau*t»vyrwa8 on board. He took boat with a few atten aaaatvand was rowed up the Thames to Norfolk-street, véase a house overlooking the river had been prepared *v *ie reception. His jonrney is sn epoch in the his- tory, net only of bis ono country, but of ours, and ol *B» world. To the polished nations of Weatern Europe, aba en pire wbioh he governed had till then been what Attars or Siam is to us. That empiro, indeed, though Java extensive than at present, was the most extensive .fia. .. ever obeyed a single obief. . Tbe calhtswitons of Alexander and ol Trajan »Mau email wben compared with the immense Maa cl the Soylbian desert. But in the estima attn cf stateomen that boundless expanse of larch forest aaai morass, where the snow lay deep during eight aaaalhs of every year, and wheres wretobed peaaantry awaiti with difficulty defend their hovels against trcops atf Banished wolver, was of less aooount than the two or tSraa square miles into wbioh were crowded the oount haa anuses, the warehouses, and the innumerable raoBta «*f Axasterdam. On tbe Baltio, Russia bad not tben a «Éneía port. Her maritime trade with tho othor nations .4 Christendom was eDtiroly carried on at Archangel, a ai ac» whioh bad been created and was supported by ad. wontiusia from our island. In the days of tba Tudors, aa slip from England, sacking a north-east passage to ata tauts! of silk and spice, had discovered the White Sea, The barbarians who dwelt on tbe shores of tbat .total j guli had never before seen snob a portent as a .mani of a bandred and sixty tons barden. They fled M. terror ;. and, when they were pnraued and overtaken, aaaaftated themselves before the ebief of the strangers, asad) lissed his feet. He succeeded in opening a JtiandJy communication with them; and from that .Save there bad been a regular commercial intereourse aalween our country and the subjeots of the Czar. A 3ttBaai»n Company was incorporated in London. An Kadish Jaotory was built at Archangel. That faotory tostfcindead, sven in the latter part of tbe seventeenth .wsiary, a rude and mean building. The walla consisted esr treu laid one upon another ; ind the roof, was of Bareb bark. This shelter, however, waa suffloient in the B)sg stammer day of the Arctic regions. Begularly at t&a;*. season several English ships cast anchor in the aVajr. A fois was held on the boaob. Traders came from a ateo»»se of many hundreds of miles to the only mart WÎB7B they could exchange hemp and tar, hides and .?Stow,, waa and boney, the fur of the sable and the VSSSVSTÍDO, and the rosa of the sturgeon of the Volga, for Sfaawbester étoffa. Sheffield knives, Birmingham but. fadavangar from Jamaica, and pepper from Malabar. Tho estoaserce in these artioles was open. But there was a areiettiaffio wbioh was not lesa active or lesa luerative, athewgo tbe Busaian laws bad made it pnnisbsble, atad though the Russian divines pronounoed it damnable. Bs. general, the mandates of Princes and the loasona of ascots wera received by tbe Muscovite with profound aanairnee. But the authority of his Princes and of his grfasts united could not keep bim from tobacco. Pipes he ?said net obtain ; but a cow's born perforated served his sara. From every Archangel fair rolls of the' beat ITittgjsia Bgoedily found their way to Novgorod and 9¡aÁofek.. . . . Onr ancestors were not a little sar awned te learn that a young barbarian, who ha-*, at 1? ynvi ot age, become the autocrat of the immense region scratching from the confines of Sweden to those of (Sût, and whose education had been inferior to that of am Xnglish farmer or shopman, had planned gigantio a»x?rovaments, had learned enough of some languages .£ Western Europe to enable bim to communicate with «¿ii¡Bagd men, had' begun to surround himself with able avtocDtnrers from various parts of the world, had sent saar of bis yonng anbjeots to study languages, arts, and eaSrtews in foreign cities, and finally had determined to ans*»} »e a private mao, and to discover, by personal .Salvation, the secret of the immense prosperity and fvwvr enjoyed by somo communities, whose whole ter. atitsvy waa far less than the hundredth part of his sfooinions. It nv'ght have been expected that Franca -'woojlg. have been the firat ol j sot of bis ourioaity. Epr Bâargrsee and dignity of tbe French King, the splendour oi libe Trenah Court, tho disoiplineof the Frenen annies, and tba genius and learning of the French writers, were Vsoxv tsnowned -all nver. the world. - But the (Casi's mind had : early taken a strange ply waiaa H 'retained to the last. Bis. empire wa» of all empires tbe least oapable of being medea apea»naval potter. Tbe Swedish provineea lay between Kia Slates and tbe Baltio. The Bospborus and the Dar ataaeiles lay between bis State and the Mediterranean. TB» had access to tbe ocean only in a latitude in wbioh asviga'lon is, during a great part of every year, perilous »ON) difficult. On the ocean he had only a single port, aUwäaagcl ; and the wbole shipping of Archangel WBB teeign. Tbere did not . exist a Russian vessel larger taso a fishing-boot. Yet, from somo causo whioh cannot »a» So traced, be bad a 'taste for maritime pursuits WODCB amounted to a passion, indred almost to a mouo ssMie, His imagination waB fnll of sails, yard-arms, aatt ladders. That large mind, equal to the highest dkatsra of tho general and tho atatesman, contracted itself to sae most minute details of naval architecture and sra?*, discipline. The chief ambition of the great con- men* and legislator was to be a good boatswain and a aseé ship's carpenter. Holland and England therefore Baa) ft. r him an attraction which was wantirg to the gal lams and terraces of Versailles. He repaired to Ams. tmxùrza, took a lodging in tbe dockyard, aasnmed the aaib sf a pilot, pnt down his name on the list of work area, wielded with bis own hand the caulking iron and rik» Ballet, axed the pumps, and twisted the ropes. Am. Dnjarricrs who carno to pay their respects to bim were .*?? forqed, mapa againit their will, to ohunber ap tba rig. ging af ? aua-rf-war, and found bim enthroned on the ero-t-irets. Sach «as the Prince whom the populace of London now orow<?e J to behold.. His stately form, bia intelleotnoi forehead, his piercing b'ack eyes, bis Tartar nose and mouth, his gracious smile, his frown black with all the btormy rage and hate of a barbarian tyrant, and above all a strange nervous convulsion which some- times transformed bis countenance during a few moments, into an object on which it was imposeibleto look without terror, the immense quantity of meat which he devoured, tba pints of brandy which be swallowed, and which, it waa said, be had oaref ally distilled with bis own bands, tba fool who jabbered at his feet, the monkey which grinned at the baok of his chair, were, daring some weeks, popular topics of conversation. He meanwhile shunned the pabilo gaze with a haughty shyness wbiob inflamed cariosity. He went to a play; but as soon as he perceived that pit, box and galleries were staring, not at the stage, but at bim, he retired to a baok bench where he waa screened from observation by his attend- ants. He was desirous to see a sitting of tbe HOUBB of Lords ; but as he was determined not to be seen, he was forced to olimb up to the leads, and to peep through a small window. He beard witb great interest the Boyal assent givtn to a Bill for raising fifteen hundred thousand pounds by land tax, tnd learned with amaze, ment that thia sum, though larger by ona half than the whela revenue which he could wring from the popula- tion of tba immense empire of which he was absolute master, waa but a small part of wbat the Commons of England voluntarily granted every year to their con- stitutional King. All honest Englishmen who detest a priestly regime will appreciate the following sketch : TBS PBIEST.MIHISTER. Portocarrero waa one of a raoe of men of whom we, happily for us, have seen very little, but whose inflaenoe has been the ourse of Bomen Catholio countries. He wa«, like Sixtus the Fourth and Alexander the Sixtb, a politician made out of on impious priest. Such politicians are generally worse than the worst of the laity, moro meroiless than any ruffian that oin be found in camps, more dishonest than any pettifogger who haunts the tribunals. The sanctity of their profession has an unsanctifying influence on them. The lessons of tba nursery, the habits of boyhood and of early youtb, leaves in the minds of the great majority of avowed infidels some trace of religion, wbiob, in seasons of mourning and of sickness, become plainly discernible. But it is scarcely possible that any suah trice should remain in the mind of the hypocrite who, during many years, is eonstantly going through wbat he considers as the mummery of preach- ing, saying mass, baptising, shriving. When an eccle- siastic of this sort mixes in the contests of men of tha world, be is, indeed, muob to be dreaded as an enemy, but still more to be dreaded as an ally. From the pulpit where he daily employs his eloquence to embellish what he regards as fables, from the altar whence he daily looks down with secret scorn on the prostrate dnpes who believe that he can turn a drop of wine into blood, from the con- fessional where be daily studies with cold and scientific attention tbe morbid anatomy of guilty consciences, he brings to courts soma talents which may move the envy of the more cunning and unscrupulous of lay courtiers ; a rare skill in reading characters and in managing tem* pera, a rare art of dissimulation, a rare dexterity in in- sinuating what it is not safe to affirm or proposo in ex- plicit terms. There are two feelings which often pre- vent an unprincipled layman from becoming utterly deprived end despicable-domestio feeling, and chival- rous feeling. His heart may be softened by the endear menta of a family. His pride may revolt from the thought of doing what does not become a gentleman. But neither with the domestio feeling nor with the chiv- alrous feeling bas the wicked priest any sympathy. His gown excludes him from the closest ind most tender of human relations, and at the esme time dispenses bim from the observation of the fasbionablo ecde of honour. We hope next week to return to the subject, and to examine more closely the last chapters of one of the greatest works of our time. Weekly Dispatch. We take the following further extracts from I the volume : PETE» TUB CHEAT rn LONDON.-William judiolously humoured the whims of his illustrious guest, and stole to Norfolk-street so quietly that nobody in the neigh- bourhood recognised bis Majesty in the thin gentleman who got out of the modest looking ooaoh at tbe Czar's lodgings. The Czir returned the visit with the same precautions, and was admitted into Kensington-house by a back door. It WIB afterwards known that he took no notice of the fine piotures with which the palace wis adorned. But over tba chimney of tha royal sitting room was a plate wbiob, by en ingenious maobinery, indicated the direction of the wind ; and with this plate ho waa in raptures. He soon became weary of bis residence. He found that be waa too fir from the objectB of his ouriosity, and too near to tbe crowds to wbioh he was himself an otjeot of curiosity. Ho accordingly removed to Deptford, and was there lodged in the houBO of John Evelyn, a houae wbioh hid long boen a favourite resort of men of letters, men of taste, ind men of solence. Here Peter gave himself up to bis favourite pursuit?. Ho navigated a yaoht every doy up and down tho river. His apartment was crowded with models of three-deokers and two deckers, frigates, sloops, and flreship?. The only Englishman of rank in whoso society he seemed to take muon pleasure was the ecoentrio Caermartben, whose passion for the sea bore some resemblance to bis own, and who was vory compe- tent to give an opinion about every part of a ship from the stem to the stern. . Gaermarthen, indeed, beoame so great a favourite that he prevailed on the Czar to consent to the admission of a limited quantity of tobacco into Russia. A HoME-tioK KINO.-As soon as William had pro- rogued the Houses, he was impatient to be again in his native lind. He felt all the glee of a sohoolboy who is leaving harsh masters and quarrelsome comrades to pass the Christmas holidays at a happy home. That stern aad composed face wbiob bad been the same in the purauit at the Boyne and in the rout at Landan, and of whioh the keenest politicians had in vain tried to reid the secrets, now wore an expression but too intelligible. Tba English were not a little ? provoked by Boeing their king so happy. Hitherto bis annual visits to the Cnn. linent hid been not only pardoned but approved. It was necessary that he should be at the head of his army. If be had left bia people, it bad been in order to pat bis life in jeopardy for their indtpendenoe, their liberty, and their religion. But they bad hoped that, wben peace bad been restored, wben no oall of duty rrquired him to cross the sea, he would generally, during the summer and autumn, reside in his fair palaoeB and parks on the banks of the Thames, or travel from country seat to country seat, and from cathedral town to oathodral town, making himself acquainted with every shire of bis realm, and giving bis hand to be kissed by multitudes of squires, olergymen, and aldermen who were not likely ever to see bim unless he came among them. It now appeared that be waa Bick of the noble residences which bad descended to him from ancient princes ; that be waa siok even of those mansions which the liberality of Parliament had enabled bim to build and embellish according to his own taste ; that he was sick of Windsor, of Biohmond, and of Hampton ; that be promised himself no enjoyment from a progress through those flourishing and popu- lous counties which ha hid never seen, Yorkshire and Norfolk, Cheshire, Shropshire, and Worcestershire. While he was foraed to bs with na he was weary of ne, pining for his home, countiog the hours to the proro- gation. As soon as the passing of tbe last bill of Bupply had set bim at liberty, he turned hil back on hil English subjects ; be hastoned to bis seat in Guelders, where, during some months, be might be free from the annoyance of seeing English faoeB and bearing English words; and be would with difficulty tear bimaelf away from bia favourite spot when it beoame absolutely neoos siry that bo should again ask for English money. Thus bis BUbjcotB murmured ; but, in spite of the murmurs, he set off in high spirits. A KINO or Srxnr.-He was too weak to lift bis food to bis misshapen mouth at thirty-seven, he had tbe bald bead and wrinkled face of a man of seventy,- bis com- plexion waa turning from yellow to green; faa frequently fell down in fits and remained long insensible, these were no longer the worst symptoms of his malady. He bad alwey s been afraid of ghosts and demons; and it bad long been necessary that tbree friars should watch every night by bis restless bed as a guard against hob- goblins. But now he was firmly convinced tbat he was bewitched, tbat he was poiseeied, that thero wes a devil within him, that there were'devils all around him. He wis exorcised according to the forms of his Church; but this ceremony instead of quieting him', scared him oat of almost all the little reiBon that natara bid given him. In his roisory sud despair he wis induced to resort to irregular modes of relief. His oonfessor brought to court impostors who pretended that they could interrogate the powers of darkness. The Devil was called up, sworn, and exa- mined.' This étrange deponent made oath, is in the presence of God, that bia Catholic Majesty was under a -pell, which had been laid on bim many years before, j for the purpose of preventing the continuation of the ? oyal line. A drag bad be:n compounded out of the brains and kidneys of a haman corpse, and had baen administered in a cup of chocolate. This potion bad 1 dried up all the sources of life; and the beat remedy to which the patient could no« reeort would be to swallow a bowl of consecrated oil every morniog before break fist. Unhappily, the sntbors of this story fell into con- tradictions whieh they eoald excuse only by throwing the blame on Satan, who, they said, WM aa unwilling witness, and a liar from the beginning. In the midst of their conjuring, the Inquisition oana down apon them. It must be admitted that, if the Holy Office had réservai ali its terrors for snob cases, il would not now have been remembered as the most hateful judicature tbat was ever known among civilised men. The subaltern impostors were thrown into dungeon?. But tbe chief criminal con- tinued to be master of the King and of the kingdom. Meanwhile, in tbe distempered mind of Charles, one mania su:ceeded another. A longing to pry into those mysteries of the grave from which human beings avert their thoughts bad long beeu hereoitary in his bouse. Juana, from whom the mental constitu- tion of her posterity seems to have derived a morbid taint, had sate, year after year, by the bed on wbioh lay tbe ghastly remains of her husband, appareled ia the 1 rich embroidery and jewels wbioh he had been wont to i wear while living. Her son, Criarles, found an eocentrio i pleasure in celebrating bis own obsequies, in putting on 1 bis shroud, plaoing himself in tha coffin, covering him i self with the pall, and lying as one dead till the requiem > bad been sang, and the mourners bad departed leaving i him alone in the tomb. Philip the Seoond found a ' similar pleasure in gazing on the huge chest of bronze i in which his remains were to be laid, aad especially on 1 the Bkull whiob, eneiroled with tbe crown of Spain, ? grinned at him from the cover. Philip the Fourth, tco, hankered after burials and burial ' places, gratified his curiosity by gazing cn tba remains of bis great grandfather, the Emperor, and sometimes stretched himself out at full length like a corpse in the niche wbioh he had selected for himself ia the royal ¡ oemetery. To that cemetery bis son waa now attraoted . by a strange fascination. Europe ccald show no more magnificent placa of sepulture. A staircase encrusted with jsspsr led down from the stately church of the ¡ Escorial into an octagon situated jost beneath the high . altar. The vault, impervious to the ano, was rich with . gold and precious marble, which reflected tbe blaze fmm a huge chandelier of silver. On the right and on the ! left reposed, each in a massive sarcophagus, the departed : kings and queens of Spain. Into tbia mauso . leum the King d scended with a long train ot courtiers, I and ordered the coffins to be anolosed. His mother bad been embalmed with such consummate skill tbat she ap '. peared as she had appeared on ber deatb-bed. The body of his grandfather, too, seemed entire, but crumbled into dust at the first touch. From Charles neither the ; remains of his mother nor those of his grandfather could draw any sign of sensibility. But when the gentle and j graceful Louisa of Orleans, the miserable mao's first wife, » she who had lighted up his dark existenoe with one short , and pale gleam of happiness, presented herself, . after the lapse of ten years, to bis eyes, bis Bullen apathy gave way. " She is in heaven," he cried ; " and I shall soon be there with her ;" and with all tba speed of which hla limbs were capable, he tottered back to the ' upper air. > THE ADVENT ot RUSSIA.-To the polished nationa of ' Western Europe, the > empire wbioh he (Peter the Great) ; governed had till thea been what Bokhara > or Biara ia \- to us. That empire, indeed, though lesa extensive \- than at > presen', was the most extensive that had ever ? obeyed a single ohief. The > dominions of Alexander ? atd of Trajan were small when compared with ' the r > immense area of the Soythiao desert. But in the . estimation of statesmen, > that boundless expanse of \- larch forest and morass, where the snow lay > deep during > eight months of every year, sud where a wretobad . peasantry > could witb difficulty defend their hovels . against troops of famished > wolver, waa of less ? acoount than the two or three square miles f into > whiob were crowded the counting houser, ? the warehouses, and the > innumerable . masts of . Amsterdam. On the Baltio, Bussla had not then a , > single port. Her maritime trade with the other nations I of Christendom was > entirely oarried on at Archangel, a place wbiob had been created and waa supposed by adventurers from our island. In tbe days of the Tudors, a ship from England, seeking a northeast passage to tba land of silk and »pico, had discovered the White Sea. i The barbariana who dwelt on the shores, of that dreary gulf bad never before seen such a portent aa a vessel of a hnndred and sixty tons burden. They fled in terror; ! and when they were pursued and overtaken, prostrated themselves before the obief of the strangers and kissed bis feet. He succeeded in opening a friendly oommuni oation with them ; and from that time there had boen a regular commercial intercourse between our country and the subjeola of the Czar. A Russian company was incor- porated in London. An English faotory waa ballt at Archangel. That faotory was Indeed, even ia the latter Íiirt cf tbe seventeenth century, a rude and mann hnild. ng. The walls oonsiated of trees laid one upon another, and the roof was of birch bark. Thia shelter, however, was sufficient in the long summer day of the A'rotio regions. Rogularly at that eeason several English ships east anchor in tbe bay. A fair was held on tbe beaob. Traders .came from a distance of many hun- dreds of miles to the only mart where' tbey could exchange hemp and tar, bides and tallow, wax and hone/, the fur of the sable and the wolverine, and the roe of the sturgeon of tho Volga, for Manchester staffa, Sheffield knives,' Birmingham battons, sugar from Jamaica, and pepper from Malabar. Tho commerce in these articles was open. Bat there was a secret trafilo which waB not less aotive or leas luorative, though the Russian laws had made it punishable, and though the Russian divines pronounced it damnable. In general the mandates of prinoes and the lessons of priests were received by the Muscovite with profound reverenoe. But the authority of his princes and of bis priests united could not keep him from tobacco. Pipes he could net obtain; but a cow's horn perforated served bia turn. From ovety Archangel fair rolls of the best Virginia apeedily found their way to Novgorod and Tobolsk. STANDING ABIIIES.-Invasion-was the bugbesr with whiob the court tried to frighten the nation. Bat "wd were not children to he scared by nursery tales. We wore at peace ; and even in time of war an enemy who should attempt to invade us ' would probably be inter- cepted by our fleet, and would asBnredly, if be reached our shores, be rt pal tod by our militia. Some people, indeed, talked as rf a militia could achieve nothing great. But that base doctrine WOB refuted by all anoient and all modern history. What waa the Laoadomonian phalanx in the best days of Laoedaamon ? , What was the Roman legion in the best days of Rome t What were the armies which conquered at Creasy, at Poiotiers, at Agincourt, at Halidon, or at Flodden t What waa that mighty array wbioh Elizabeth reviewed at Til bur j T In the fourteenth, fifteenth, and sixteenth centuries Englishmen who did not live by the trade of war bad made war with success and glory. Were the English of tbe seventeenth century so degenerate that they could not be trusted to play tbe men for their own home- steads and parish ohurches? For such reasons as these the disbanding of the forces were strongly recommended. Parliament, it was said, might perhape, from respect and tenderness for the person of bis Majesty, permit bim to have. guards enough to esoort his coach and ' to pace tho rounds before his palace. 1 But this was the very utmost that it would be rifcbt to concede. Tbe defence of the realm ought to be confided to the sailors and the militia. Even tbe Tower ought to have no garrison, except the.trainbands of the Tower Hamlets. It must be evident to every intelligent and dispassionate man that these deelaimera contradioted themselves. If an army composed of regu- lar troops really were far more efficient than an army composed of husbandmen taken from the plough and burghers taken from the oounter, bow could the oountry be safe with no defenders but husbandmen and burghers, when a great prince, who was our. neareBt neighbour, who had a few months before been our enemy, and who might in a few months, be our enemy again, kept np not less than a hundred and fifty thousand regular troops ? If, on the other hand, the spirit of tbe English peoplo wis Bach that they would, with little or no training, encounter and defeat the most formidable array of veterans from the continent, was it not absurd to apprehend that such a people oould be reduced to slavery by a few regiments of their own countrymen t But oar ancestors were generally BO much blinded by prejudice, tbat this inconsistency passed unnoticed. They were secure where they ought to have been wary, and timorous where they might well have been secure. They were not sbooked by hearing the same man maintaio, in the same breath, that, if twenty thousand professional soldiers wero kept up, the liberty and property of millions of Englishmen would be at the merry of the Crown ; and yet that those mil- lions of Englishmen, fighting for liberty and property, would speedily annihilate an invading army composed of fifty or sixty thousand ol the conquerors of Steinkizk and Landen. Whoever denied the former proposition, was called a tool of the court. Whoever denied tba lat- ter was accused of insulting and slandering the nation. EXTRAOBDINABY DEATH IHOH EATTNO BISCUITS.-An inquest was beld at tba Compasses Ian, Alford, before W. King, Esq,, deputy ooioner, touching tba desth of Benjamin Lucas, who. expired on Friday under extraor. dinery circumstances. Ic appeared that Lucas was in the bar of the Compasses on the night of his death, when he made a wager of a trifling amount that they would eat three pennyworth of soft bisouits in five min- utes. Whilst eating the sixth biscuit, he suffocated him- self, ind soon afterwards expired. The jury returned a verdict sn accordance with the above evidenoe. 