A TALE OF HORROR. (From Blackwood's Edinburgh Magazine.) I was the member of the family selected to escort old Lady Speldhurst to her room—the room I had vacated in her favor. I did not much like the office. I felt a remarkable repugnance to my godmother, by my worthy aunts insisted so much that I should ingratiate myself with one who had so much to leave, that I could not but comply. The visitor hobbled up the broad oaken stairs actively enough, propped on my arm and her ivory crutch. The room never had looked more genial and pretty, with its brisk fire, modern furniture, and its gay French paper on the walls. "A nice room, my dear, and I ought to be much obliged to you for it, since my maid tells me it is yours," said her ladyship; "but I am pretty sure you repent your generosity to me, after all those ghost- stories, and tremble to think of a strange bed and chamber, eh?" I made some common- place reply. The old lady archer her eyebrows. "Where have they put you, child?" she asked: "in some cockloft of the turrets, eh? or in a lumber- room—a regular ghost-trap? I can hear your heart beating with fear at this moment. You are not fit to be alone." I tried to call up my pride, and laugh off the accusation against my courage, all the more, per- haps, because I felt its truth. "Do you want anything more that I can get you, Lady Speld- hurst," I asked, trying to feign a yawn of sleepi- ness. The old dame's keen eyes were upon me. "I rather like you, my dear," she said, "and I liked your mamma well enough before she treated me so shamefully about the christening dinner. Now, I know you are frightened and fearful, and if an owl should but flap your window to-night, it might drive you into fits. There is a nice little sofa-bed in this dressing-closet—call your maid to arrange it for you, and you can sleep there snuggly, under the old witch's protection, and then no goblin dare harm you, and nobody will be a bit the wiser, or quiz you for being afraid." How little I knew what hung in the balance of my re- fusal or acceptance of that trivial proffer! Had the veil of the future been lifted for one instant! but that veil is impenetrable to our gaze. Yet, perhaps, she had a glimpse of the dim vista be- yond, she who made the offer; for when I de- clined, with an affected laugh, she said in a thoughtful half abstracted manner, "Well, well! we must all take our own way through life. Good night, child—pleasant dreams!" And I softly closed the door. As I did so, she looked round at me rapidly, with a glance I have never forgotten, half malicious, half sad, as if she had divined the yawning gulf that was to devour my young hopes. It may have been mere eccentricity, the odd phantasy of a crooked mind, the whimsical conduct of a cynical person, triumphant in the power of affrighting youth and beauty. Or, I have since thought, it may have been that this singular guest possessed some such gift as the Highland "second-sight," a gift vague, sad, and useless to the possessor, but still sufficient to convey a dim sense of coming evil and boding doom. And yet had she really known known what was in store for me, what lurked be- hind the veil of the future, not even that arid heart could have remained impassive to the cry of humanity. She would, she must have snatched me back, even from the edge of the black pit of misery. But, doubtless, she had not the power. Doubtless she had but a shadowy presentiment, at any rate, of some harm to happen, and could not see, save darkly, into the viewless void where the wisest stumble. I left her door. As I crossed the landing a bright gleam came from another room, whose door was left ajar; it (the light) fell like a bar of golden sheen across my path. As I ap- proached, the door opened, and my sister Lucy, who had been watching for me, came out. She was already in a white cashmere wrapped, over which her loosened hair hung darkly and heavily, like tangles of silk. "Rose, love," she whis- pered, "Minnie and I can't bear the idea of your sleeping out there, all alone, in that solitary room, the very room, too, nurse Sherrard used to talk about! So, as you know Minnie has given up her room, and come to sleep in mine, still we should not wish you to stop with us to-night at any rate, and I could make up a bed on the sofa for myself, or you—and—" I stopped Lucy's mouth with a kiss. I declined her offer. I would not listen to it. In fact my pride was up in arms, and I felt I would rather pass the night in the churchyard itself than accept a proposal dictated, I felt suite, by the notion that my nerves were shaken by the ghostly lore we had been raking up, that I was a weak, superstitious crea- ture, unable to pass a night in a strange chamber. So I would not listen to Lucy, but kissed her, bade her good night, and went on my way laugh- ing, to show my light heart. Yet, as I looked back in the dark corridor, and saw the friendly door still ajar, the yellow bar of light still crossing from wall to wall, the sweet kind face still peering after me from amid its clustering curls, I felt a thrill of sympathy, a wish to return, a yearning after human love and companionship. False shame was strongest, and conquered. I waved a gay adieu. I turned the corner, and, peeping over my shoulder, I saw the door close; the bar of yellow light was there no longer in the darkness of the passage. I thought, at that instant, that I heard a heavy sigh. I looked sharly round. No one was there. No door was open, yet I fancied, and fancied with a wonderful vividness, that I did hear an actual sigh breathed not far off, and plainly distinguishable from the groan of the sy- camore branches, as the wind tossed them to and fro in the outer blackness. If ever a mortal's good angel had cause to sigh for sorrow, not sin, mind had cause to mourn that night. But imagi- nation plays us strange tricks, and my nervouse system was not over-composed, or very fitted for judicial analysis. I had to go through the pic- ture-gallery. I had never entered this apartment by candle-light before, and I was struck by the gloomy array of the tall portraits, gazing moodily from the canvas on the lozenge- paned or painted windows, which rattled to the blast as it swept howling by. Many of the faces looked stern, and very different from their daylight expression. In others, a furtive flickering smile seemed to mock me, as my candle illuminated them; and in all, the eyes, as usual with artistic portraits, seemed to follow my motions with a scrutiny and an interest the more marked for the apathetic immovability of the other features. I felt ill at ease under this stony gaze, though con- cious how absurd were my apprehensions; and I called up a smile and an air of mirth, more as if active a part under the eyes of human beings, than of their mere shadows on the wall. I even laughed as I confronted them. No echo had my short-lived laughter but from the hollow armour and arching roof, and I continued on my way in silence. I have spoken of the armour. Indeed there was a fine collection of plate and mail, for my father was an enthusiastic antiquary. In es- pecial there were two suits of black armour, erect, and surmounted by helmets, with closed visors, which stood as if two mailed champions were guarding the gallery and its treasures. I had often seen these, of course, but never by night, and never when my whole organisation was so overwrought and tremulous as it then was. As I approached the Black Knights, as we had dub- bed them, a wild notion seized on me that the figures moved, that men were concealed in the hollow shells which had once been borne in battle and tournay. I knew the idea was childish, yet I approached in irrational alarm, and fancied I absolutely beheld eyes glaring on me from the eyelet-holes in the visors. I passed them by, and then my excited fancy told me that the figures were following me with stealthy strides. I heard a clatter of steel, caused, I am sure, by some more violent gust of wind sweeping the gallery through the crevices of the old windows, and with a smothered shriek I rushed to the door opened it, darted out, and clapped it to with a bang that re-echoed through the whole wing of the house. Then, by a sudden and not uncom- mon revulsion of feeling, I shook off my aimless terrors, blushed at my weakness, and sought my chamber, only too glad that I had been the only witness of my late tremors. As I entered my chamber, I thought I heard something stir in the neglected lumber-room, which was the only neighboring apartment. But I was determined to have no more panics, and resolutely shut my ears to this slight and transient noise, which had nothing unna- tural in it; for surely between rats and wind, an old manor-hats on a stormy night needs no sprites to disturb it. So I entered my room and rang for my maid. As I did so, I looked around me, and a most unaccountable repugnance to my temporary abode came over me, in spite of my efforts. It was no more to be shaken off than a chill is to be shaken off when we enter some damp cave. And rely upon it, the feeling of dis- like and apprehension with which we regard, at first sight, certain places and people, was not im- planted in us without some wholesome purpose. I grant it is irrational—mere animal instinct—but is not instinct God's gift, and is it for us to de- spise it? It is by instinct that children know their friends from their enemies—that they distin- guish with such unerring accuracy between those who like them and those who only flatter and hate them. Dogs do the same; they will fawn on one person, they slink snarling from another. Show me a man whom children and dogs shrink from, and I will show you a false, bad man—lies on his lips, and murder at his heart. No; let none despise the heaven-sent gift of innate antipathy, which makes the horse quail when the lion crouches in the thicket—which makes the cattle scent the shambles from afar, and low' in terror and disgust sis their nostrils snuff the blood-polluted air. I felt this antipathy strongly as I looked around me in my new sleeping-room, and yet I could find no reasonable pretext for my dislike. A very good rpo|m it was, after all, now that the green damask curtains were drawn, the fire burning bright and clear, candles burning on the mantelpiece, and the various familiar articles of toilet arranged as usual. The bed, too, looked peaceful and. inviting — a pretty little white bed, not at all the gaunt funereal sort of couch which haunted apartments generally contain. My maid entered, and assisted n:e to lay aside the dress and orna ments I had worn, and arranged my hair, as usual, ? prattling the while, in Abigail fashion. I seldom care to converse with servants ; but cm j that night a. sort, of dread of being left alone — a longing to keep some human being near me — possessed me, and I-enciour aged the girl to gossip, so -jthat her duties took her half an hour longer to get through thian usual. At last, however, she had;'dohe all that could be done, and all my questions were answered, and my orders for the morrow. reiterated and vowed obedience to, and th^'clock on the turret struck one. Then Mary, ya\vning a little, asked if I wanted anything more, ahdlywas obliged to answer No, for very shame's sakejland she went. The shutting of the door, gently as it was closed, affected me unpleasantly. I:topk a dislike to the curtains, the tapestry, the ? djhgy pictures — everything. I hated the room. Ifelta temptation to put on a cloak, run, half drtJssed, to my sisters' chamber, and say I had changed my mind, and come for shelter. But ttieyipiust lie asleep,-! thought, arid I couldnpt be .'so unkind as to wake them. I said my p:rayer§t; with unusual earnestness and a heavy , heart. I extinguished the candles, and'rwas just about to ., lay my head on my pillow.;. when the idea seized me that I would fasten the door. The candles were extinguished, but'th'e: fire- light was amply sufficient to guide me. ''I gained the door. There was a lock, but it waslrusty or hampered ; but my utmost strength 'could- not turn the key. The bolt was broken and worthless; Balked of my intention, I con soled myself by remembering that I had never haUiieed of fastenings. yet, and returned to my b-d;, T lay awake for a good while, watching the rediglq^ of the burning coals in the grate. I was ..quiet now, and more composed. Even the light 'gossip of the maid, full of petty, human cares.and joys, had done me good — diverted my thoughts from brooding. I was on the point of dropping asleep, when I was twice disturbed. Onbe'.by an owl hooting in the ivy putside^ — an unaccustomed sound, but harsh and melancholy ; bnco by a long and mournful howling set up by the mastiff, chained in the yard beyond the wing I occupied. A long-drawn, lugubrious howling was this latter, and much such a note as the vulgar declare to herald a death in the family.; This wasi?a fancy I had never shared ; but ' yet I could not help feeling that the dog's mournful moans were sad, and expressive of terror, Rot at all like his fierce, honest bark of anger, but rather na if something evil and unwonted were abroad. But soon I fell asleep. How long I slept I never knew. I awoke at once with that abrupt start which we all know well, and which carries, us in a second from '.utter .unconsciousness to the full - use of pur, faoulties, The fire was still bwn ins- (fbiit was very low, and half the room or wevro jn deep s^dQW( j knpw, j ^ -that .some personor- thing was in the room, although nothing ?unusual w.asto be seen by the feeble '.light/ ;. Yet it was 'a sense of danger that had. aroused me' froin slumber. r I experienced, whue'yet asleep, the chill and shock of sudden alarm, and I knew, even' in the act of throwing off sleep like a mantle; why' I awoke, and that some intruder was present.' ' Yet, though I listened In- tently, no sound, -was audible,' except the faint murinur of the fife— the, dropping of a cinder from the bars— tKe loud irregular beatings of my bwn heart. Notwithstanding this silence, by some in tuition I knew that I had not been deceived by a dream, and felt certain that I was not alone. I waited. My heart1 beat on; quicker, more sudden grew its pulsations,' as a bird in a eage might flutter in pre^ se'nce of the hawk. Then. I heard a sound, faint, but quite' distinct, the clank of iron,, the rattling of a chain. I ventured to' lift my head from the pillowy Dim and' unceTtain as the light was, I saw the curtain of my bed shake, . and. caught a glimpse of sbniething beyond, a darker spot in the darkness1. This confirmation of my fears did not surprise me so muoh as it shocked it. I strove to cry aloud, but could not utter a word. The chain rattled again,' and this time the noise was louder and clearer. But though I strained my eyes, they could not penetrate the '.obscurity that shrouded the other end of my chamber, whence came the sullen clanking. In a moment^several distinct trains of thought, . like many-colored strands of thread twining into one, became palpa bleto iny mental vision. Was, it a robber ? could it be a supernatural visitant? or was I the victim of a cruel trick, such as I had heard of, and which some thoughtless persons love to practice onthe'timid, reckless of its dangerous results? And then a new idea, with, some ray of it, sug gested itself. There was a fine young dog of the Newfoundland breed, a favorite of my father's, ' which was usually chained by night in an out house.. Neptune might have broken loose, found his way to my room, and, finding the door imper fectly closed, have pushed, it, open and entered. I breathed more freely as this harmless interpreta tion of the noise forced itself upon me, It was— it must be— the dog, and I was distressing myself uselessly. I resolved to call him; I strove to, utter his name— 'Neptune, Neptune,' but a secret apprehension, restrained me, arid. I was mute. Then the chain clanked nearer and hearer to thebed, and presently I saw a dusky shapeless mass appear between the curtains on the opposite side to where I -vvas lying., How I longer! to hear the whine of the poor animal that I hoped might be the cause of my alarm. .But no, I heard no sound save. the rustling of the curtains and the clash of the iron chain. Just-then the dying flame of the fire leaped up, and with one sweeping hurried glance. I saw that the door, was !shut, . and, horror, it is , not the dog ; it is the semblance of a human form that now throws itself heavily on the bed outside the clothes, and lies there, huge and swart,' in the red gleam that treacherously dies away, after showing so much to affright, and sinks into dull darkness There was now no light left, though the red cinders yet glowed with a ruddy gleam, like the eyes of wild.beasts. The chain rattled no more. I tried to'speaK, to scream wildly for help; my mouth was parched, my tongue, refused to obey. I could not utter a cry, and,, indeed, who could have heard me, alone as I was in that solitary chamber, with no living neighbor, and the picture-gallery between me and any aid that even the loudest, most piercing shriek could summon. And the storm, that ho wled. without would have drowned my voice,. even' if help had been at hand. To call loud— to demand ?who was there— alas ! how useless, how perilous. If the intruder were a robber, my outcries would but goad him to fury ; but what robber would act thus? As for a trick, that seemed impossible. And yet, what lay by my side, now wholly unseen? I strove to pray aloud, as there rushed on my memory a flood of weird legends — the dreaded yet fascinating lore of my childhood. I had heard and read of the spirits .of wicked men forced to revisit the scenes of their earthly crimes — of demons that lurked in certain accursed spots —of the ghoul, and vampire of the East, stealing amid the graves they rifled for their ghostly ban quets ; and I shuddered, as I gazed on the blank darkness where I knew it lay, It stirred-r^it moaned hoarsely; and again I heard the chain clank close beside me — so close that it must almost have touched me. I drew myself from it, shrinking away in ioathing and terror of the evil thing— what, I knew hot, but felt that some thing ' malignant \vas near. And . yet, in the extremity of nay fear, I dared not speak ; I was strangely cautious to be silent, even in moving further off; for I had a wild hope that it — 'the phantom,: the creature, whioh ever it was — had not discovered my presence in the room. And then I remembered all the events of the night— Lady Speldhurst' s ill-omened vatici nations, her half- warnings, her singular look as we parted, my sister's persuasions, my terror in the gallery, the remark that 'this was the room nurse Sherard used to talk of.' And then me mory, stimulated by fear, recalled the longfor gotten past, the ill-repute of this disused cham ber,' the sins it had witnessed, the blood spilled, the poison administered by unnatural hate within its walls, and the tradition which called it haunted. The green-room — I remembered now how fear fully the servants avoided it— how it wa.s menT tioned rarely, and in whispers, when we were children, and how we had regarded it as a myste rious region; unfit for mortal habitation. Was it — the dark form with the chain — a creature of thia world, or a spectre ? And again — more dreadful still-r-could it be that the corpses of wicked men were forced to rise, and haunt in the body the places where they had wrought their evil deeds ? And was suob, as theBe my grizly neighbor? The chain faintly rattled. My hair bristled ; my eyeballs seemed starting from then sockets ; the damp of a great anguish were on my brow. My heart labored as if I were crushed beneath some vast weight.. Sometimes it ap peared to stop its frenzied beatings, sometimes its pulsations were fierce and hurried ; my breath came short and with extreme difficulty, and I shivered as if with cold ; yet I feared to stir. It moved, it moaned, its fetters clanked dismally, the couch creaked and shook. This was no phantom, then — no nir-drawn spectre. But its very solidity, its palpable presence, were a thou sand times more terrible. I felt that I was in tl^e very grasp of what could nqt qnly aflYigh^, hut harm ; of something whos,e contact siokened the SQu]with4eathlyfcBr, I xnad^ a despo^e, ra., solve. I glided from the bed, I seized a . t i ! warm wrapper,, threw it around me, and , ' ' tried' to : grope', with extended .hands,'; my ' way to- the door. My heart beat high ' 'j at the hope of 'escape. But I had scarcely taken one step before . the moaning was \ !* renewed; it changed. into a, threatening grbwl r - that would have suited a wolfs throat, and a : i i hand clutched at my sleeve. I stood motionless-. The muttering growl sank/to a'mbari again,' the f ! chain sounded no more, but still the hand held its ' gripe of my garment, and I feared to move. It knew of nvy presence, then. My brain reeled,' the blood boiled in my ears, arid my knees lost all '- strength, while my heart panted like that oi a ? '? deer, in the wolf's jaw3. I sank back, and the . ' benumbing influence of excessive terror reduced ' ', me!toa8tate of stupor. When my full cbrisci- ' ousne3S returned, I was sitting°on the edge of the ? ' bed, shivering with cold, and barefooted. AUwas \ ' silent, but I felt that my sleeve -was'still clutched , by my 'unearthly visitant. The silence lasted . . a long time. Then ' followed a chuckling; laugh, that froze my very marrow, and \\- the gnashing of teeth as in demohiae frenzy and then a wailing moan, and this ' ' was siicseded by silence. Hours mayhaye passed ' -—nay, though the tumult of my own heart pre- ? vented my hearing the clock strike, must have ' ! passed— but they seemed ages to me. And how were they spent? Hideous visions passed before ; the aching eyes th^t I dared not close, but which gazed ever intp the dumb darkness where if lay ' —my . dread companion through the watches of the night. I pictured.it in every abhorent ' form which an excited fancy could summon up :'?'?'? now as a skeleton, with hollow' eyeholes and ' grinning fleshless jaws ; now. as a vampire, with ?'? nyid face and bloated for^ri, and dripping mouth ! wet with blood. Would it never be light! ..And yet, when day should dawn, I should be forced to see it face to face. I had heard that spectre '. ? and fiend were compelled to fade as morning ' brightened, ; but this creature was too real, too ? ' ? t foul a thing of earth, to vanish at cockbrow. No!- /t I should sea it— the horror— face to face ! , Arid ' then the cold prevailed, and my teeth chattered, 7 andshiveringsranthroughnie.aridyettherewasthe ; lV damp of agony on my bursting brow. Some instinct '??:'?? j- riiade me snaich at a shawl or cloak that lay bri; a ' chair within reach, and wrap it round me.- The i moan was renewed, and the chain just stirred. ? : Then I sank into apathy, like' an Indian at 'a :: / stake, in the intervals of torture. Hours fled by, ! and I remained like a statue of ice, rigid : and ^ mute. . I even slept, for I remember that' I started * . to find the cold grey light of an early winter's ? 1 day was on my face, and stealing around the ' v room from between the heavy curtains of- tW: window. Shuddering, but urged by the impulse that rivets the gaze of the bird upon the anafcei' I ] turned to see the Horror of the night. Yes, it .... % was no fevered dream, no halucination of siclc- T ness, no airy phantom unable to, face the dawn. ? r; ' In the sickly light I saw it lying on the bed, with ' ''t its grim head on the pillow. A man? Or a --.i' '' [i| corpse arisen from its iinhallowed gravei i and ''?' ' % awaiting the demon that animated it.' There it ?'??V I lay—a gaunt, gigantic form, wasted to a'skel'eton, .-V 4 half clad, foul with dust and clotted gore; its huge. ? % limbs fluug upon the couch as if at random, -its '% shaggy hair streaming over the pillows ?? % like a lion's marie. Its face was to- -; t wards me. Oh, the wild hideoushess r I of that face, even in 6leep ! 'In features it '-. - I was human, even through its horrid mask of mud f and half- dried bloody goutg, but the expression ! r was brutish and savagely fierce ; the white teeth ' were visible between the parted lips, in a malig- -,' I nant grin \ the tangled hair and beard werenuxed | in leonine confusion, and there were scars dis- - t figuring the. brow. Round the creature's waist . ? \ was a ring of iron, to which was attached a heavy f but broken chain — the chain I had heard olank- « ing. With a second glance I notedvthat part of. \ the chain was wrapped in straw, to prevent its * galling the wearer. The creature~I cannot call ! it a man — had the marks of fetters on its wrists 1 the bony arm that protruded through one tattered - sleeve was scarred and bruised; the feet' were ? ^ bare, and lacerated by pebbles a»d briers, and one ! ' of them was wounded, and wrapped in a morsel of rag. And the lean h.ands, one of which held: my Bleeve, were armed with talons like an eagle's. ! In an instant the horrid truth' flashed upon me— I 1 was in the grasp of a madman. Better the phan- c ; torn that scares the sight than the wild' beast; '?? that rends and tears the quivering flesh— the - pitiless human' brute that has no heart to be soft- ; ened, no reason at whose bar to plead, no com passion, nought of rnan , save the,, form, and the ounnirig. I gasped in ten-or. Ah ! the mystery of those ensanguined fingers, those gory wolfish i jaws! that face, all besmeared with blackening blood, is revealed ! The slain sheep, so mangled and rent — the fantastic butchery — the print of the naked foot— all, all were explained ; and the chain, the broken link of which was found now the slaughtered animals — it came from his broken, chain— the ohain he had snapped, doubtless, in ? his escape from the asylum -where his raging frenzy had been fettered and bound. In- vain! in vain ! Ah, me ! how had this grizly Samson broken manacles and prison bars — how had. he eluded guardian and keener and a hostile world, ' and come hither on his wild way, hunted like a. beast Qf prey, and snatching his hideous banquet likfi a beast of prey too '! Yes, through the tatters of his mean and ragged garb I could see the marks of the severities, cruel and foolish, with. whioh men in that time tried to tame the might of: madness. The scourge — its marks l wei-e there; and the scars of the hard ? iron fetters, and many a cicatrice and welt, thajt told c dismal tale of harsh usage. But now he was loose, free to play the brute — the baited, tor lured brute that they had made him— now; without the cage, and ready to gloat over tho ; victims his strength should overpower. Horror » horror ! I was the prey— the victim— already in the tiger's clutch ; and a deadly sickness cam© over me, and the iron entered into my aoul, and I longed to scream and -was dumb ! . I died a thou~ sand deaths as that awful morning wore on. I dared woi!faint. But words canuotpaint what I suffere-ias I waited— waited till the moment when he should open his eye3 and be aware of my presence -? for I was assured that b,e kne vv it not. He had entered : the chamber a^ a la.ir, when weary tuid gorged wth : hia horrid orgie ; and he had Aung himself dbwn to, sleep, without a auspicion that he was not alone, iven his grasping my sleeve was doubtless an act ' done betwixt sleeping and waiting, like his uncon scious moans a^d. laughter, in some frightful * thought that soon the house 'would be astir, that any maid W3uld come to call me as usual, and awake that ghastly sleeper. , And might he not Inave time to tear me, as he tore the sheep, before any aid could arrive? At last what I dreaded same to pass— a light footstep' on the landing — there is a tap at the; door. A pause succeeds, and then the tapping is renewed, and this' time more loudly. Then the madman stretched .his limbs and uttered his moaning cry, and his eyes slowly opened— very slowly opened, and inet. mine; The girl' waited awhile ' , ere .she knocked for the', third time. 1 trembled lest she should, open the door unbidden— see that grim thing, and by her. idle screams and terror bring about the worst. IJong before1 strong men could arrive L knew, that I should be dead end what a death ! The maid waited, no doubt surprised at my unusually sound slumbers, for I ?was in general a light sleeper and an early riser, but reluctant to deviate from habit by entering without permission! I was still alone with the thing in man's shape, but he r/as awake how.. ,' I saw the wondering . surprise 'in his haggard bloodshot eyes; ,T saw! him stare at ;ine half vacantly,, then with a -crafty yet wondering look ; and then I saw the devil of murder begin to peep forth from those hideous eyes, and ? the lips to part as in a sneer, and the wolfish teeth 4o bare' themselves. But I was not what I had been- i Fear gave me a new and. a desperate composure— a courage foreign to, my nature. I had heard of the nest method of managing the insane ; I could but try ; I did try. Calmly, won dering at idy own feigned calm, I frpnted the glare of those terrible eyes. Steady and undaunted ?was my. gaze— motionless my attitude. I mar velled at myself, but in that agony of sickening terror, I was outwardly firm. ; They sink,.they . quail abashed, those dreadful eyes, before; the gaze of a' helpless girl; and the , shame that is never absent 'from insanity bears down the pride of strength,' the bloody cravings of the wild beast. The lunatic.moaned and drooped! his shaggy hend between his gaunt squalid hands. I lost not an instant- , I rose, and with 'one spring reached the , door tore it open, and with a shriek, rushed (through, . caught the wondering girl by the arm, :' and, : crying to to . . her to run lor feer life, rushed, like ,the wind alone- the gallery,; down the corridor, down the stairs. Mary's screams filled the. house as she fled beside me. I heard a long drawn, raging cry, theroar of ^a wild animal mocked of its prey, and I knew what was behind me I never timed my head— I flew rather than ran''''' I was in the hall already ; .there was a rush of many feet, an outcry of many voices, ,a souai of scuffling of feet, and- brutal yells, and oaths, and- heavy blows, and I fell.to the ground, crying, « Save me !' and lay in a swoon. I awoke from a delirious trance. Kind faces were aroundv my b°d, loving looks were.bent on me by all, by my dear father and dear sisters, but I scarcely saw ihembefqre I swooned again. * * * * ?When I recovered from that long illness, through . -whichlhad been nursed so tenderly, the .pity-. ine looks I met made me, tremble. I asked for. a looking glass. It was. long, denied me, but my importunity prevailed at last— a mirror was brought. My youth was gone at one fell swoop. The glass showed me a living and haggard lace, blanched and bloodless as of one who sees a BDectre ; and in the ashen hps and wrinkled brow, and diox eyes, I could trace nothing of my old self The hair, too, jetty. and rich before, .was now as white as snow, and in one. night the, ra vages of half a century had passed oyer, my face. Nor have my nerves ever recovered their tone after that dire shock. Can you wonder that my life- was blighted, that my lover shrank, from me, so sad a wreck was I? I am old now^ old'and alone.^ My sisters wald. have had me to live with them, but I chose not to sadden their genial homes with my phantom face and dead eves. Reginald married another. , He has been dead many years. I never ceased to pray for him, though he left me when I was bereft of all.. The sad weird is nearly over now. I am . old, and near the end, and wishful for it. I have not been bitter or hard, but I cannot bear to see many people, and am best alone. I try to- Jo what good I can with the worthless wealth Lady Speldfurst.left.me, for at my wish my.p»rtion was shaded between my sisters. What nped had, I of inheritances ?— I, the shattered wreck maae fcy that one night of horror ! 