The Gazette of Tuesday last contains the following appointment:—James C. Vote, to be acting clerk of . Petty Sesaons at Kewstead, Wiere he commenced duties on the 21st instant LmrrrrED LIABILITY' COMPANY FOE THE SALVATION OF Sours.—As we were passing tbe other day through one of the great pious and charitable establishments in Paris, several papers were pressed into our'bands by zealous tract distributors, andamongthem a prospectus, in four pages, of a company (association) which has been funned "for the deliverance of sonls from purgatory." The origin of this company is told in a few words. A poor servant, who had saved a little money from her wages, resolved to give it> with her services for the rest of her life, to the Catholic Church, for the relief and deliverance of souls in purgatory. Her esample excited emulation—so at least we are fold in the prospectus —and suggested the idea «this company, which was formed in 1847, and if any of our readers are desirable of obtaining shares, we can recommend them to the cental bureau. 95, Brie de Sevres, Paris. We are informed in the prospectuB that the shareholders incur no liability beyond their subscriptions: -"-and we do not very dearly -see what liability are likely to incur, uniess itbe to the poor: unfortunate souls. The subscribtion itself is moderate enough, being only tiiree tiancs—half a crown—per annum. Any individual who Wishes may become s life shareholder by paying acomposttioaofl00fiancs(£l4j ; and a dead Q a n (tm defunt) may become a shareholder for l v fA (apzrpdaite), 1>y paving «0 fr. (2) Shareholders belonging to this latter class are called foandsbomsts/—iojiiftw Bemetk FIBE NF MOSTYK STEEEI.—A few minutes after two o'clock this morning Jau alarm of fire was given in Mostyn street, and flames were seen to issue from the wooden 1 uildings between the Metropolitan Hotel and. the shop of Mr. OHara, boot and shoe maker/ If we are rightly informed, the house next to Mr. O'Hara's, where a steieorama was exhibited, was that in which the fire originated. The other two buildings were occupied by Mr. Mouaghan, shoemaker, and Mr. Pickett, hairdresser. So rapid was the conflagration that the inmates had great difficulty in effecting their escape, and in a quarter of an hour from the commencement of the fire, the three wooden buildings were burnt to the ground. Both Fire Brigades were on the spot a few minutes after the alarm of fire was given, and were well supplied with water by several water carriers, who were immediately on the spot All efforts to subdue the flames were, however, useless, aud all that the firemen could do was to protect the neighboring buildings, and extinguish the burning ruins. We are unable to say whether the parties were insured. There can be no donbt that the exertions of the Fire Brigades saved Mr. O'Hara's bouse, the walls of which were nearly red hot. Had a delay of five minntes taken place the fire would have extended to the eastern part of Mostyn street—Castiemaine Advertiser. MEASLES IN THE SOUTH SEA ISLANDS.—A gentleman belonging to one of ELM. ships of war who has lately visited the New Hebrides, mentions in a letter to Dr. Moifitt, of this city, some additional facts respecting the ravages which this fearful disease is making. He says :— " These islands are in a sad state, owing to the measles having been brought amongst the natives by some trading vessel from Sydney. At Aneiteum 1,100 out of a population of 3,500 died. At Tanna, the mortality has been frightful, and the life of the Rev. Mr. Patten, the missionary, has not been safe for the last three months. There are no converts, and all eat human flesh at Tanna, and £ believe the sandlewood traders (who would like to see all missionaries done away with) told the natives that Mr. Patten was the cause of the plague, so they immediately tried to kill him. A few days ago, the savages carried four dead bodies and laid them down at the Mission Home, had a war dance, and then told Mr. Patten that they were going to have a good feast, and wanted his body to make the fifth human carcase. Only tiiree natives stood by him, and they saved his life. Both the Commodore and myself advised Mr. Patten to leave the island, but he nobly declined doing so, saying that if he left, the savages would never receive another missionary, we then called all the chiefs together, and made them promise to protect Mr. Patten's life, explaining to them that he could not help the measles coming amoDgst them. This they readily promised to do, much to Mr. Patten's delight. Never have I seen a man more devoted to his mission. We then came to this island, where the Kev. Mr. and Mrs. Gordon were brutally murdered. lam sorry to hear that the savages who perpetrated that deed of blood, will go unpunished, as the country is so densely wooded that our men would be lost in the bush, were they to attempt to hunt the murderers up. In Mr. Gordon's diary, 'which an Englishman fonnd among his effects, it appears that about three days before the measles broke out, he had been warning the natives against idolatry, telling them that unless they left off worshipping false gods, the Lord would send some fearful plague among them When the measles broke out, the natives immediately said that Mr. Gordon's God had done this, and from that hour sought his life. Both he and his wife, after their assassination, would have been eaten had not several of the trading men arrived just in time to prevent the bodies being famed away. We start to- morrow for the Solomons, and expect to be in Auckland about the 20th September.—S. M. Herald, 23ri August. THE ROAD MTSTERY.—Our Trowbridge correspondent states that a rumor is in circulation in the neighborhood of Road, to the effect that the laundress, Mra. Holley, says she can identify the piece of flannen found in the blanket around the body of the murdered child, as belonging to a member of the Kent family, and that her daughter wished to state this fact when making an affidavit at Mr. Slack's office, some time since, but her mother, Mrs. Holley, desired her not to do so, as she (the mother) had already stated on oath that she could not identify it. Immediately on this report getting abroad, Mr. Siijterintentendant Foley visited Road, and had an interview with Mrs. Holley, when she repeated what she had before stated on oath, that she did not known to whom the piece of flannel belonged, and the Superintendent failed to elicit more from her.—A paragraph, too has in some of the papers, stating that Elizabeth Gough, tbe nursemaid, had returned to Mr. Kent's service, and was residing with the family at Weston-super-Mare, their present place of residence. Sir. Superintendent Foley has written to lsleworth, where Elizabeth Gough's friends reside, and has ascertained that the report is untrue, the girl Gough being still at home.—Bath Chronicle. THE CENSUS isr IEELAKD.—The police in Ireland collect the census paper; and where the people cannot write, the police are obliged to fill up die papers for them. The following dialogue took place on the filling up a paper in Kerry :—" Who is the head of this femily ?" asked the policeman of an Irishwoman. '' That depends on circumstances," said she ; " if it's before eleven o'clock, it's me husband; if after eleven, it's myself " why this division f Because after that hour he's as drunk as a piper, and unable to take care of himself, let alone his family." "What is his agef "Coming next Michaelmas he will lack a month of being as owld [as Finnegan. You know Finnegan V " No, I don't and if I did,, it would'nt help matters. How many male members have you got in the family T " Nrver a" one." " What, no boys at all!" Boys is it? Ah, murther, go home? We have boys enough to whip four stone '.of praties before breakfast." " When were you married f" " The day Pat Doyle left Tipperaiy for Ameriky. Ah J well do I know it; "a sunshinier day never gilded the sky of swate owl Ireland." Whit was the condition of your husband before marriage f' ".Divil a more miserable. He said if I did not give him a promise within two or three weeks, he'd blow out his brains with a crowbar. " What was he at the time of your marriage—a widower or a bachelor f VA.widowerdiAyon say}. • Ah! now, go away wid your nonsence. Is it the likes of me that would take up wid a secondhand husband—a poor divil, all legs and consumption, like a sick turkey ? A widower indade 1 May I nivir be blessied if I'd not rather live anowjd maid, and bring np my family, on buttermilk and praties." MB. AND MRS. DICKERS.—A London correspondent writes us as follows :—" Mr. aud Mrs. Dickens have been reconciled, and are again living together. Let us trust that we shall hear no more of incompatibility," The fact is that Mrs. Dickens is a plain matter-of- fact, sensible woman, without any literary tastes, and who, possibly, has not read the whole of her husband's novels. It seems to me that this is just the sort of wife that a literatew should have, seeing that theytould not come in one another's way; but Dickens thought otherwise, and sees, I suppose, in the happy relation that exists between Sir Edward and Lady Bulwer a proof ol the happiness which must arise when an author and authoress are united. But Dickens is getting older, and therefore wiser, and sees that lie will be most happy in the society of the mother of hifi family.—BanjfSvure Journal \ ADYEBHSEHEK^—-Mcllvway's Pills a most potent remedy ;for Liver Complaints and Indigestion.—William Maedonald, of iier Majesty's Highland Regiment, has gratefully acknowledged to Professor Holloway the wonderfol efficacy ofthis ' astonishing medicinc. : He suffered with Jivercomplaint and all its attendant evils daring 14 years 1 residence in India; hificonstitution was BO enfeebled that he was compelled to return home, when lie was induccd to try Holloway's Pillf, which effected a perfect care, after the most eminent of the faculty failed todo him the slightest good. Sims CniNaMA-y is at his old game a^ain, as will be seen from the following:—On 'Wednesday last, a representative of tbe Celestial Empire, visited the store of •». Mr. Taylor, at the Alma, and tendered three small parcels of g<-Jd for sale Tlte storekeeper weighed one of them ; the apparent value being about 15s., but it seemed to l;im that the quantity of gold was small for the <hvts it appeared to weigh. He had taken the c.'ld from the scale, but imagining a mistake he returned it and tried again : the weight, however, being the" same as before. Mr. Taylorthen paid forit. John now produces another small parcel, the Judications of which, on being weighed, proved as suspicious as those of the first parcel. Still the storekeeper had no ground for complidsit, so he j>aid again. Then appeared the ibird parcel; still as suspiciously heavy. A thought entered the mi::d of Mr. Taylor, something might be wrong with t he bottom of the scale in which the gold had been weighed, and on turning it upside down he found a small piece of lead, covered with cobbler's wax, adhering to one part of the bottom of the scale. The whole affair was immediately understood. Mr. Taylor cams from behind the counter and seized John—who by the bye had made towards the door — by the collar, and made him disgorge the money he had.pad him, which he did very willingly, after which, Mr. Taylor gave him a sound thrashing and permitted bim to depart The fraud of which John iras guilty is very "cleverly performed by the celestials, and, requires a sharp look out to detect it When the gold is placed in the scale. John inserts four of his fingers amongst the gold,-and remarks—" Welly good gold that," whue ou the tip of his thunib lies the piece of waxed, lead. In passing the lingers amongst tbe gold John manages to pass his thumb underneath the scale and a very slight pressure is sufficient to attach the lead to it Equally easy, as tbe perpetration of the fraud, is the way to avoid falling a victim to it, and that is, by compelling John, when selling gold, to keep his fingeis off — Sorlk Western Chronicle. OCCDTATIOX LICENSES.—It is the intention of the Ministry, in the first instance, only to issue occupation licenses to the extent of one hundred and sixty acres, as it is feared that it they were granted at once for areas of 320 acres the whole of "the best agricultural land would be almost immediately monopolised. - It is also thought that in many instances parties of limited means might not be able sufficiently to improve the larger area, to secure their pre-emptive right to the same, in the oveut of its being offered for sale, whilst they would be easily enabled to maintain possession of the smaller quantity by the additional value that their improvements which would be mere circumscribed, would give to the land. After the 160 acre agricultural licenses have been in operation for some time, it is proposed, should they be found to work well, to extend them to 320 or even 640 acres.—- •Age- A SAKDHUBST GHOST STOEY.—The following story has been sent-to us for insertion:—" Notwithstanding that a temperance chief secretary might reasonably be expected to exercise a depressing influence upon the spirits of the colony, the spirits of the good town of Sandhurst are rumored to be in a somewhat lively state at present. The idea that this country is not sufficiently ancient as a civilized community to have any right, title, or interest, to having Ghosts of its own, has been shown to be an erroneous assumption by the events of last week's date, since a bona fide disembodied spirit has actually beeu revisiting the glimpses of the moon in B d-street, and making night hideous to more than one unfortunate. We almost scented sulphur as the story was told to us. We are positive that the candle did show indications of some cerulean impression, as with bristling hair we heard how that Mr. J—e S—1—d, having some claim upon a house in the street in question, which was tenantless, thought he might as well remove his stretcher there pro tan., and use it as a sleepmg-place. Alas, the thought! for no sleep was his. Barely had he got his head comfortable upon his lonely pillow 3?hen be heard a noise as of someone moving in the passage. Under the impression that some individual had got entrance, notwithstanding locked doors, he turned out for the purpose of executing a similar act upon tbe fancied intruder, but a hurried grope satisfied him "that no lmman being at least was on the premises (present company excepted), so re-turning in he composed himself only to be again discomposed by a second edition {in larger print) of the disturbance. Another search and another turn in were alike futile, for nothing could be discovered and the noise was repeated. However, as search was useless, the night had to be passed in doubt and dread, and the welcome morning's sun fouud an unrested man in J—e S—1—d. But something must be -done to satisfy his mind. Who was the last tenant I was his early inquiry of a neighbor. A couple, who left after a Tew days' occupancy, was the reply. Directed to the abode of the parties, lie ascertained from tbe lady that she had a reason for leaving that house so hurriedly as they did,» and when implored to impart- the cause, she said, that they had been disturbed at night by frequent noises, and that one night, her husband being detained late, she sat up waiting for him. At length lying down on the sofa, but wide awake, she distinctly saw the figure of a man enter the room. It approached her, and bending over her, it said, in a distinct voice, " I wax murdered, and my loms are buried beneath this floor! Petrified by fear, she awaited her husband's return, and this appearance having topped the climax of their dislike to the domicile, they gave up [the lease as before stated. Mr. S. lost no4tiine in getting the ownership of the property transferred to other shoulders, and so the case rests at present (Perhaps some of our readers may supply an explanation of tbe joke. PRESENTATION TOMR. W. D, C. DENOVAX, M.LA.—A number of the friends of the above entleman met yesterday evening, at the View J f'oint Hotel, for the purpose of presenting him with a substantial testimonial of their confidence in, and kindly feeling towards. There was a large attendance on the occasion. Mr. Strickland, on whom the pleasant taskdevolved in presenting Mr. D. with a purse containing .£300, remarking that this sum had been collected within the past week, principally from the working class, and also remarking that this was in addition to the sum of ,£140 previously collected to meet the expense of the election. Mr. Denovan made a suitable acknowledgement of the compliment expressing his hope that his conduct would never give his friends cause to regret their generous support—Sandhurst See. DEATH FBOM DRONKENNESS.—Dr. Candler, the District Coroner, held ail inquest yesterday, at Pentridge, on the body of Ellen Copeman, who was found drowned in the Merri Creek, on' Friday, without any external marks of violence. t It appeared that the deceased was addicted to drinking, and that on the night of the 23rd she was intoxicated. She left her house without giving her husband notice, and nothing more was seen of her until she was found the next morning in Merri Creek quite dead. The jnty returned a verdict of " Found drowned."—Age. JEALOUSY ARD SUICIDE AT LAMBING FLAT.— Oa Friday an inquest was lield at Tipperary Gully upon the body of Adam Smidth, a German. From the evidence given it appears that the deceased aud his wife had been servants to Mr. Rotton, near Bathurst ; his wife left him and came to these fields, aud was. living with another German, who keeps a resauraut at Tipperary Gully. Smidth arrived - by the coach from Bathurst this week, and proceeded to the restaurant, conversed and appeared very friendly f both with his wife and her paramour. _ They were having some drink together, when his wife :j arose and was about proceeding to another part of : the tent; directly her back was turned' Smidth iuimWliately produced a double-barrelled pistol aud fired at her, a few of the shots; entered her bead, doing her no serious injury, when lie immediately placed the pistol to his month, fired the. other, barrel, and fell dead ^ upon the spot A "verdict of fdo de te was re- T lurned.-^ —ED.]—Bendigo Advertiser. .V. M. Iltra'd, USrd Augnst 