HUNTING. axothek iiYE-inm. DiiAn Bell, — A« tlio Heidelberg farmers did not Roem to fancy llio utr»y deer making fros with their oul tlvntion pnddocks, and Mr. Hear had no objection to our sportsmen having 'n flutter' after his trunn'9, Mr. Georgo Watson made it known to tho select few that tho hounds would be at tho Ivanboe, on Saturday morning last, at sharp five. No Booncr was the word nassod. thnn crcat excitement was evinced ri'i omrst our regulars in regard to proonrinir decent horstfl sh, for scarce any rne had his jumpiug nag up from summer pnddocking; and when, moreover, it lcakod out tlmt the Thespian baronet, formerly a dashing cross-country man, had bean invited to share in an Australian hunt, still greater ogerners was aliown to procure animals with somo pretensions to fencing abilities. Conec quontly, all Thursdny and Friday, evory acquaintance posicpeerl, or supposed to bo possessed, of a horse, wn» greeted with tho query of ?? 1 say, old follow, haven't you got n hack jou fancy can leap a bit? I'll try him on Saturday, if jou like.' As for tho livery stable keep ers, as nqinerous weretlie applications mode to them for tlmticr Jumpers that thoy hardly knew how to open tholr mouths wide enough in charging fur any knackor thnt had ever been kuown to got on the landing eldo of post-nnd-rails; and, had any one happened to own a broken-down steeplechaser, bis lotting prico would have hecn almost ns fabulous as that anitl to have been paid for iho cousln-germnii of Mr. Edward Wilson's Freuch jacknBB. Long bofore sunrlso littlo knots of cavaliers. and a few vehicles, wero to be hoard — it was too da-k to bo seen — wending ihoirway towards Mr. Cole's, and tho very earliest of ail to nrrivo, just ;it peep of day (ho wns culled a ' peup o' -1ay boy ' iu Dublin), was Sir William Don, tooled down in a dogcart by the gentleman who does the eafe without tho pi.iloiV With rather less re gard to punctuality, ihe fluid gradually assembled at the tryst, and it was renlly amusing to witness on wlint un likoly looking quadrupeds many of the. regular flrst flighters wore mounted. Jokes paused bo fist thnt 11 chaff' became almost serious, as cr.ch questioned the other 'n where he expected to bo at the first fence ; and the Baddies of tho choice faw, who really hail eomotliiug nonr the mark, were as much envied by tho ' dufliDK division' as aro the soats on tho Trotksuty benches by tho notorious ' Corner.' Tho only known hunters— and they woro nil out of condition — wero tho Buck, White Squall, Sir Koberr, and Allspice, tin; latter resembling a cart more in foal; but Mr. Colo's Young Hcotor, nnd a well-bred four-yr-old of Mr. Thompson's, wore good 'uns to look nt, and rum 'uns to go. Sir William, also, had a good sort of grey to parry hU two inches over Life Giurd length, Mr. Watson having lent tho mount an lire only welter weight carrier ho happened to havo nt all fit tor work. Well, about hnlf-put fivo the houndx came trotting up under ohanjo of Aleo and the whip, and tho master Immediately invited tho visitor to inspect his favourites. After pointing out Daunter and one or two other leading hounds, ho drew attention to three of the newly imported dogs, a largo circlo of curious sportsmen also taking this opportunity of a first inspection of tho draft from tho Vaunted Monmouthshire kennels. To toll tho honest truth, whether judges or not, all were disappointed at the lack of style anil quality. The word wns then given to mount, and away we jogged to the paddock where tho deer had boen viewed and run the previous week. For nearly two hours the fields wero drawn in every direction, but not a feather told of tho antlered quarry having been afoot. -.' During this annoying blank thero wero several fences crossed by means of convenient gaps, but at last a stiff two-railer stopped llio way. Mr. Watson, on tho Buck, topped it like a bird ; White Squall nnd Allspice followed, and then the baronet, although twoycarsoutof tho pigskin, and uncurtain of the abilities of his horse, went over gamely and well. Tho owner of Stranger, on a borrowed grey that kicked liko wild-firo when spurred ; Mr. C , on. a hired prad; Mr. Fisher, on Sir Robert; Mr. Thompson, on hia first tried four - yr - old ; West, on Young Hector; and Alec, on a grey cob, woro all thnt were able to follow suit, and this body com prised tho vanguard throughout tho morning's fun. I hare written fun, for hunting it wns not, as wo only had a quarter of an hour's burst after a fawn, and it was noon found that no uccnt would llu. But, during tho short gallop that was enjoyed, a ron.nrknblo number of spills occurred, some half dozon 'coining to grii-f' in hnlf-n-duzon mlnutei. Tho ktruprglns and diflionHIc tho major part of tho field experienced, to keep within hull, wero very amusing, and It was only by tnenna of dis lodging top- rnils, and leading over tha brush fdnceB, thnt thoy contrived to keep about half a mile in the rear. A our dog crossed tho lino, jtnt as the run sucmeil pro mising, nnd tho hounds could not pick up the scent aftorworda, although some wide casts wero mado, T/ic stock of patience, therefore, bocouilng exhausted at last, Mr. Watson b'ew a recall, and the cavalondo, conEller uhly reduced in numbers by casualties and funk, re turned homo bv the high road. To provo what & tho roughly bad Bconting morning it was, I inny mcntl.m that a buck wns viewed, by two of tho earlier retiring sportsmou, within 100 ynrda of n Bpnt where wo had been two or threo times. NIMUOD'S GHOST. Jack-tji'-the- Ohchard.— 'We are glad to say that this stceplocknsor hni at length beon recovered, but is nt prosout »uch ahigofbonoa that his owner u more fit to carry him than ho to carry fifteen atono. Fortu nately It Is only starvation he is suffering from, and be will bo all right before tbo 1st of May. CASI1VII— K. Banner has » fow pups, seven weeks old, Hint ho will match to kill rota agnlntt any similar number ot pups in tho colony ; or lie will back Jorry to kill against any 351b dog lor L5 or L10. The above matches can bo nude at tho All Nations h to], Sandridgo At a late ball in Paris a very stout gentleman, pro frietor of a bad catarrh and a vory charming wife, nslstcd, very Inconveniently, at tho cIobo of a polka, that madame Bhould return to tho bosom of her family. ' Never mind,' she said to her partner, ' ask mo to dance in tho next quadrille all the samo— I will find a way to stay for it,' Slipping out whilo tho nets wero forming, ulio went into tlio gentlemen's ilrcssing room, found her husband's hat, and tlirew it out of tho window. Then returning, and requesting her spouse to first find bis hat and call the carriage, she ac cepted partners for tha next six dances, nuito Buro of two hours beforo tbo lint could bo found. 