PROM THE BLACK liOCKS FELDAY ON TOT. 01 the next two or three days I have a very confused recollection. I remember wandering about all day, seeking rest and finding none, careless, heedless, hopeless, It yfta durihg this time, I doubt not, that I lost my reckoning; fof somehow or other 1 Found that I had lost three days. , How long this state might have'continued I cannot tell, bnt it was most mercifully diverted in the following way. I had penetrated deeper into the Forest one day fhsn.I had ever ventured before, when I c&ine; to a rather abrupt gully; here I stumbled over a tree root, and rolled down a descent. When I reeorerpd my- •fdf I got on my feet end looked round. I had rolled into the midst of some tall plants, with a broiidish lesf, long, entire, and smooth, that felt sticky or glutinous when touched, and with a dusky-coloured flower. It was tobacco. A coarse, bitter kind, but •till it was tobacco. Eagerly I gathered all I could find, and then retraced my steps. As soon as I arrived at home, I hung up my tobacco leaves on a long string of flax inside jny hut. I then aetiny wits to work, to Invent a pipe, in which I at last rudely sueneeded. How great a comfort it was, no words of mine could adequately tell. . - < IX. ^ One thing that more than any other impressed mj- mind with the utter solitude of the island on which I was cast, was the absence of animal life and the silence. I had seen, during several weeks* residence, little or no traces of life bejrond the solitary instance of the wildcat, which had probably been thrown overboard or had swam ashore from some passing ship The only other living tilings I had yet seen, except birds, were luards. Wild pigeons abounded; I made about twenty snares to catch gome. For several days I did not Buooood, «>d I had almost despaired, when one day, to my great delight, a couple were caught. How eagerly I cooked them, and the enjoyment I had in eating thcra I need not describe, I afterwards took several more, .8ectiring altogether during the time I was on the island, fourteen birds. I now went up on the rodka, where I bad cleared a place to lie and bask in the sun,and where I could overlook the sea. Several weeks had elapsed since I saw the Teasel. ' About this time I found in the forest, near to my tobacco plot, some yellow clay, a quantity of which I carried home, and occupied my evenings in trying to convert into some vessel to hold water. I made several ungainly looking things, and spoilt all but two in trying to bake them. The occupation, however, served to divert my attention, and keep me from brooding too much on my misery. In the nope of finding honey, I had several bee bunts. How bees came on this desolate island puzzled me; but there they were; they could hardly be indigenous. I traced an immense swarm to a tree, which I had the cruelty to burn down; that being the only exjiedient by which I could obtain the honey hived high up in the trunk. was rewarded for 1MB toil (which was great, first and last) by the largest stock of honey I had ever yet wen taken, even in New Zealand, from a tree. A part of the mass of honey waa two or three seasons old. being of a deep yellow colour, and the war brown; the rest was of a pale straw colour, in snow-white virgin combs. Of the latter I ate eagerly, and then collecting the rest, deposited it in my day vessels, leaving the oldest a prey to the lizards and ants. I found this honey a delicious addition to my fish. I found afterwards two more bee trees, the contents of which I obtained and enjoyed. x. I bad frequently noticed what I took to be the footsteps of some kind of animal on the pathway leading up the rocks into the forest. 1 had not, however, seen anything of any animal I knew pigs and goats to be the only animals found in New Zealand in a wild state, and they are not indigenous: having been introduced, I believe, by Captain Cook. One day as I was returning with a load of firewood, I heard below, to my great surprise, some animals bleating, laying down my load quietly, 1 looked on the ground bslow, and, to my great delight, saw a herd of wild goats licking the salt on the rocks. How was I to come at them f How could I catch one of them f I remembered that Robinson Crusoe became swifl enough of foot to run them down. I much doubted my capability of doing go. Aa, however, no pun suggested itself to me other than tfaattn stealing quietly upon them, and than making a sudden rush, I resolved forthwith to by that course. 81ow|y and stealthily X got within fifty yards «f them unnoticed. One suddenly observed me, and gave a loud bleat of warnand they all made a rush up the rocks re no human foot could follow. Having got out of my reach, they turned round ana stared at me. What could 1 do f Nothing bat quietly return for my firewood, and try to Aeyue ao;ne mede of catching them .at aome future time. Many were the device* that paaaed through my mind^ all equally futile. Lying in the hut some days later,! heard aome animals running over the gravel in j&ont; of it. It was mid-day, and I was resting from the heat of the aun. I peeped Ottt,and saw «t goats separated from their' Mtmona and DrowBing on aome karaka LM nearmv spring. I crept out as atealthQy aa cat after mouse; the plashing of tbe littie stream over the rock, drowned any lMe noiae l might have made, and, fortunately, the wind blew from tljem to m*. I found the distanoe between me and gradually Jeam, while the space betweon the pool of water and the steep preoua rocks gradually narrowed, leai^ng • leil>hd lcaa room to rush paat. At length they *aw me, sand seemed ao near that for a moment they stood perfectly still—««*• ly*ed. I rushed at them with a whoop. Fivepasied mes but the last, a *ho-goat, heavy irith kid, got separated from her companions, and in her perplexity leaped upon a large stone in the water, and there •food bleating most pitifully. I made one bound after her, threw my arms about her neck, aud held her in a close embrace. Now, I thought, I have succeeded in catching the very goat I would have chosen; how aball I get her home P My doubta as to this important question were very soon settled. Hie atone on which we both were was covered With a green slihiy tndss, and gradually I felt my feet slipping from under me. The goat made a sudden i for liberty, and down I dune Wifh lir into the water. I waa forced to loosen my hold. She beat me at swimming, abort as the distance was to land, and with a load bleat she rushed tip the rocks after her companions, I was consoled on the same eveni: finding an endrfttiufe shell which >had Washed up by the tide ; this, along with two or three smaller ones, I carrief away, rejoicing in them as vessels to hold water. Many and many a time, however, I sat planning how to secure a goat. For even one goat, as a companion, would have Wen a great boon; but jt was all to dd purpose; I never got -one. , One bright moonlight night, I fell 'short pf wood. I had that day n^lected. getting it (why, I forget now), so I had to turn out and get up into the forest. The moon shone beautifully, and the effects of light and shade among the huge trees and gigantic creepers were ao fantastic and weirdlike that I could not help sitting down on a fallen tree, and, half- frightened, yet utterly entranced, gazing on the wonderftrt scene. Aa I sat, a loud shrill whistle Bounded cjose behind me. After a short tune I recovered sufficient self-possession to look cau< tiously around, and saw a dark object mov ing. I waited until it came into the full light of the moon, when I qaw what at first I took for a quadruped. But it was a bird; a bird with neither wings' nor feathers, but a sort of fur. It occurred to me that this must be the "kiwi" I had heard muehof from the natives, called by the whites the apteryx. Apart from its akin, which I wished to obtain, it was, as I knew, exceeding good eating. 1 looked roond for a stick or stone, and at length got hold of a stick without alarming the bird. I started for-, ward, and mule an unsuccessful blow at it. It ran very quickly; I managed, however, to overtake it, when the brute threw itself on its back and struck at me with its legs, ripped up my trousers with a sharp Kind claw, and tore the skin of say leg most grievously. I was so taken aback that thebird escaped. 1 had one satisfaction, however ; I had ascertained the cause of the myate* rious whistling, andthus set all fears on that score at rest. In a day or two I found apteryx eggs, which made a welcome addi- tion to my larder. XI. Four long weary months and two weeks had passed. Three or four times in the day I regularly went up the rocks, trying to sight a sail. A long time had now elapsed since I saw the last, and my hopes of ever seeing another became every day fainter and fainter. At length, one fine warm sunny day as I was lying on the rock, looking every now and then seaward, I descried a email speck fer out to sea. At first I thought my eyes deceived me; I rubbed them, aad looked again, and saw it still more distinctly. I took a short walk in the forest, and, coming back, found the object grown larger and plainer. I could now discern glistening in the light of the sun, the white sails of a vessel. How my heart beat! Would she come near enough for me to signalise her f I made ready a fire, and, this time, gathered several green branches to make a smoke with. Nearer and nearer she came, until at length I made her out to be a large schooner bound to the southward, I supposed to Auckland. When she arrived (as near aa I could guess) about four mi]es from the island, I lighted my fire, and heaped on it a mass of green wood and damp moss, and watched the smoke ascend in a large dense cloud. I looked eagerly towards the schooner. She came nearer and nearer. My heart palpitated. I could distinctly hear aud almost count its loud and anxious throbs. " They see the smoke, they see it!" I cried in ecstasy, as she suddenly hauled up to the wind, and I heard her sails flap sharplv against her masts. In my excitement t screamed until my throat waa sore, with the vain hope that the people on board would hear my cries. Do they really see the amoke f Will they lower a boat for me ? The few minutes of suspense during which she lay aback, seemed hours. Hours? Years. "I know they see the smoke, I know it 1" I cried; "how cruel not to hasten! Why do they not lower a boat and pull off" " They are going!" I shrieked, in my agony, as I saw the vessel's head slowly turn, and the sails again belly out to the wind. " They are going! Oh, my God, they are going! And leaving me here! Have mercy, have mercy, and do not utterly forsake me!" I cart niyself with my face to the ground, my eyes, hot, dry, ana tearless. I dared not look again. I felt as if I waa going mad. At length I got up, and took one Ittt despairing look at the receding ship now again diminished to a small speck. Silent and tearless, I sat for hours look- ing down into the quiet deep blue waters. Here and there, corals of all strange-hues and many forms branching out in different directions, with bright colored strange shaped fish gliding in and out among the grotesque stony foliage, and snow-white shells gleaming in the bright clear water amongst the dark green weed, which swayed idly backwards and forwards with the plashing* of the tide. All down there looked so serene and peaceful that the, thought crept into my mind," Would it not be better to roll off this rock, and seek that resting-place P It would be but one plunge, a very brief pang, and then to sleep." Aa I sat brooding over those wicked thoughts, the words, " Call upon me in the day of trouble: / irill deliverthe*, and thou shaft glorify me," came suddenly into my mind. I rushed down to my hut, fell on my knees, and prayed God to pity me and give me patience and submission. xti. Four more woary weeks passed without any incident worth noting. Methodically I fished, and gathered firewood, roamed through the forest, and formed futile plans for catching goats. In this manner another month passed. I had now been five months alone on the island. I had retired to bed one night as usual, when I was startled by hearing something bump on the beach. I jumped upandlistened. It cannot be my old boat lifted off the rocks by a high tide P No, it coull not be that; for the boat had been almost all removed for one purpose or other. And, yet I heard footsteps; an^ then a Sottd -grujS' voice, sayigt "Kiime^ Kumea!" I knew that voiee well, but ! almost though!; f was" dreaming. I rushed out, and saw by the light ol the moon, which wai Am near the full, five or six dusky figures trying to haul up a large boat but Of thc reach of the breakers. With aloud shout of Joy I ra? forward, but stood amazed and apmUed^t at the su^den yell whltm escaped from ttie jvettoni'^'wlio left riff" digging this boat, and tumbled precipitously into |er, as if .their oijly aafety, were there. Moreovtsi;, I aaw to my horror a large bare brawny arm held up, witk something glittering in the moon's silver light, and I feared its flying at me. " KoWii kce f jhp^ed aloud«voiee. Hefcfcre 'anau am iTenry), I etdaimed. "Stop," answered the voice,"or Tthrow filial" at ih* MmeHittte brttdichtog the small tomahawk. I well knew the fatal aim tkat would follow if I, moved. I stood perfectly ^tjU, The figure tUen moved towards the boat. "Stop, Monganni," I cried, in an agony of few lest they should go off again and leave me. " I am Henry -7-do not leave me." " Ka teka koe"> {you lie), he exclaimed, " kua fcfete ftenare (Henry is dead). Tpu jare hui fgrit." "No, no, I answered, "I swoar to you I am be. , Come and touch me, and see whether I am not flesh and blood." " No," he said, "I do aitrt JwJieve vou. You area spirit, and I shall go." Hb made towards the boat. What agony I suffered at that moment! But suddenly he turned, |md stood still, calling to me, " Sa kite koe ten kowhatu ?" (Do you see that stone f) pointing to one at my ,&et;, ^ Ae ra" (Yes), I answered. " likeit up, then." I did so. "Now, do you see ittet tree ?!' pointing to the very tree I bad tied mybdat to when I first landed, and which grew out of the recks. " I see it* Throw the stone at it." I did eo, and hit it. "Ah!" he Mid, "no ghost could do that—only fleah and blood could lift and throw a large atone like that." "May I come, then, to yon?" "Yes," he mid, still, however, hesitating. I went up to him with the usual Maori salute of " Tena koutou,"; » He ought bold of me and grasped my hand so hard that I flinched. " Ah," he said, "that is real fieeh andblood;" and then looking me full in the face, he said, H And you look something like Henry, only thinner." "lave here five months, Monganui," I replied, "and try to keep stout on it." As soon aa he had fully got it into his mind that I was the person I represented myself to be, he began asking me innumerable questions. The others had been listening all this time in the boat, and on his order came out reluctantly; we pulled the boat up high on the beach, the women (for they were the chiefs five wives) casting all the time side glances of doubt and mistrust on me. But I contrived once or twice to knock againat them rather roughly, as only flesh and blood and bones could do, and thfs seemed to set their minds at rest. Monganui, who was the chief who had given me the two boys, came up to my hut, while his wives busied themselves in making a shelter for the night with the oars of the boat and their blankets. Monganui and I remaining at my house after supper, we lighted our pipes. iBoWWIo narrate my adventures of the last few months, in the course of which I waa frequently interrupted by his savage ejaculations of astonishment. When I had done, he aaid," Ah, well, you would make a good Maori," that being the very highest compliment he could pay me. I then asked him bow he had come, and why F He told me that he had been fishing at the Black Bods, and it had come on to blow very fresh, as in my own case; so freshly did it blow at last, that, despite his having a whale boat and crew, they could not pull against it, and so ran before it to these islands. In the morning as soon as it was light we went out. We found the women already up, a fire lighted, and some potatoes and fish being cooked in an iron pot, or kohua. The women at first looked somewhat askance at me, but seeing me take a potato out of the pot and deliberately peel and eat it, they again seemed considerably relieved. Of course Monganui had made his mind up that I would leave the island with him as soon as the weather moderated, which it seemed about to do. Hie arranged for our leaving early the following morning. The morning opened clear and fine, with the wind in the right direction for sailing back again. We were all astir early, and in a bustle of preparation. Aa soon as breakfast was over, the things were all put on board the boat, and everything was ready for the start. Just then my heart failed me, despite my long and lonely residence on the island. I could not overcome my foam of trusting myself in that small boat, deeply laden as she was, and leaking, as I knew of old she did, for so long a journey. When it came to the point, I drew back, much to Monganui's astonishment," I will stay," I said; "should you land safely, please go to Kororaika and tell the white people I am here, and that I have been living here for five months. Seek the magistrate there, and ask him to send a small vessel for me, and IwiU remain patiently here until it arrives." "But, Henry," he answered eagerly," There is room. & sea is qui^ and I think I can find my way home a^ain. Do come with us." Again and again he urged me, but to no purpose. They all got into the boat and prepared to start, when up jumped the chief again and ran to me, pressed his nose against mine, and, with tears in bis eyes, said cnoe more, " Now, Henry, now for the last time ! M "No, Monganui,I feel Icaqiiot." IruBhed away to my hut scarcely daring to trust myaelf any longer, and there gave way to a flood of tears. After a lapse of about a quarto 1 of an hour I rushed up the rock and looked at the boat j there it was, a speck dancing up and down on the swelling waters, ana, as I watched it, my heart changed once more, and I shouted and shrieked for them to come back. xm, Alone, alone, once more. Ohl that dreadful word " alone." Perhaps I should never get away from this horrible place; never, never morel Fooll Coward! How I missed the sound of human voices. How I listened for human footsteps. How horribly lonely I was. I prayed to God that they might 'liid; safely, and send off some weans of rescue. | jelt I couliJ not wait •4<»g ; that very short time would elapse before I became in very truth mad. I went up 'the rock and strained my aching eyes gazing across the bright blue waves. Night came at last, beautiful, still, cloudless,, and moonlight,' and still I sat and at-the sea, listening in unutterable aionew to Its mornings. (At lengthy cold, werty, and sad, I betook me to my bed. Unrefreshed, I woke in the morning, and, as soon as breakfast was over, took my lonely station once more on the rocks, and spent the weary weary day in gazing orer the sea. I calculated that at least six da^i- A At-elapse before any vessel could tpme. ypt I «ould not leave my look-ont. So passed the second day, and so the third, and so *he fourth, and so the fifth. The «xtb day came, Mid somewhat more hopefully l took my station, waited and prayed, aud watched, bnt the -daylight feded and night came, and still ao sign. So passed the seventh day, mid so dawned the eighth, and -BO passed the ninth, mid so came the tenth. On the tenth day, I was scarcely oon»ciou»., Still mechanically I sat and gaaed over the 1 bright water of the cruel mfd^g w,: , j / , M length, towards mid-day, I fancied I discerned a small dark speck. But I had been deceived so often, that X expected it to fade away like all the rest. But no, it didnot&ie.; I looked again, and I looked again, and still it was there, and surely intfreawng in -size. I rushed off for a few minute into the forest, arid when! returned —there it was still; and now I saw and knew It wis a vessel coming towards the island! : Nearer,-Dearer, and nearer. It was a small schooner. Again I lighted my fire and watched the amoke curl upwards in thick dense doods. A gnn was fired. I «iuld n«t -tew the report . I could only see the amall puff of white smoke fading slowly awity. What passed during the next few hours I very dimly know. I have a taint idea that I shouted, and danced, and whooped, and laug?ted, Mid cried. I rushed again and again? down the rafts to my hut, and then again to the rocks. Once I fell and rolled down, tearing my clothes ana skin, and braking my hands and knees, and finally finding myself in the sea, whence with no small difficulty I emerged. Now, a small boat rapidly approached the beach, pulled bv two men. 1 rushed down to meet them. They grounded on the pebbles. One figure leaped out, and rushed up to me, throwing big arms about my neck, and rubing his nose against mine, crying all the time like a child. I felt my hand grasped by the other, and I saw before me my two native boys. xiv. I hastened to my hut, and taking my blankets, and the things Monganui had left with me, I got into the boat, and they quickly pulled me alongside the schooner. From two English Bailors in her, I heard my own native tongue, the first time for nearly six months. How strangely it did sound in my ears. As soon as I got on board, they took me below and gave me some tea. f remained on deck at! that night, scarcely able to realise the events of the past few months. And so I sat and watched, and thanked God through all the watches of that most blessed night, too excited to sleep, too thankful to do any thing but return Him my humble thanks for all His goodness. Next day, in the early morning, we neared land; there, were the ill- fatedrocks; there, loomed up once more that dreadful Cape Brett; a few hours and we should enter the bay. We rounded the point, and once more I saw the houses on the beach. Strangely they seemed to sway to and fro —strangely a mist came before my eyes. There waa the well-known pier, and on it a number of faces, dark and white, all eagerly looking towards our small vessel as she swept up the bay. Once more I got into the boat, mid was rowed rapidly towards the pier. I reached the steps, and a loud and deafening cheer saluted my ears. I looked up, I saw a face I well knew, I heard a voice I dearly loved. I heard and saw no more. As I tried to mount the last step of the pier I fell down on my face, mid when I came to myself I found myself in bed in my friend's house, and a doctor sitting at ray side—once more, thank God, at home! INUNDATION OF SHE FENS.—The Fen country has sustained a terrible blow. Hie vast tract between Lincoln and Cambridge, including some 700,000 acres, lies below the sea level, A Bluice, lour miles from Lynn, through which the Ouse discharged itself into the Bea, has given away, and the tide comes in through a breach more than forty yards broad. A number of bridges have gone, and thirty thousand acres of the richest land in the country, and farmed by two hundred tenants, are already destroyed, the cattle are huddled together op the uplands, and hundreds of families will be ruined. Steamboats are plying about. Should the summer be wet, the loss will be v&y; much greater than at present, and the people on the "middle level," the district most immediately affected, will seem lost in helpless dismay. Strangely enough, though there is a board of commissioners, no one on the spot seems to have had authority to 've the requisite orders, and uj> to Tbursty the commissioners were still in London, S "attending to Parliamentary business," which one would think might wait. It may perhaps not be generally known that the fens were first undertaken to be drained by Sir Cornelius Vermuyden, in the year 1630, uttder the supervision of Francis, Earl of Bedford; but this contract annulled; afterwards King Charles I. himself employed Vermuyden to carry on the work, but in consequence of the civil wars it was not carried into effect. In the year 1652 the drainage, so far as then contemplated, was completed according to Vermuyden's plan by William, Earl of Bedford, and other adventures, and through their exertions we fen men reap the reward. Boswell complained to Johnson that the noise of the company the day before had mule his head ache. " No, sir, it was not the noise that made your head ache, it waa the sense we put iuto it." " Has sense that effect upon the head ?" " Yes, sir, on heads like yours, that are not used to it." 