WELLINGTON. BIB OEOUGE QllKY STOPPED BV TUB NATIVES. — RUMORED RESIGNATION OP THE OOVEUNOR. Our dates are from Wellington to the 13th instant. The Welling tan Indepmdent of the 4th. says : — His Excellency Sir George Groy arrived in Wellington at 6.30 yesterday afternoon, and at once proceeded to Government House. The intelligence from Wanganui, received by thin mnmins's mail, is imuortant. as indicating 'he results which have already, and may for the future Bccrue from his Excellency's visit. Those results are decidedly unsatisfactory. The Chronicle, in quite a rare and exceptional article for indepen dence of opinion, states: — 'That bo far as the Government natives are concerned, his Excel lency's visit may have been the means of strength ening their loyalty, but that amongst the King natives there seems to be a determination to assert their independence, based on their power to do so ; and further, that the general feeling exists, even amongst those not connected with the Waikato movsment, not to admit of the Queen's supremacy. His Excellency hud been forbidden by the chief Amerama to go up tho Wanganui river. His Excellency's stay here has caused no stir or ex citement, as his close attention to business left no time for unnecessary demonstrations. On Wednesday last week he went up to Kaiwike, and saw Peh, but did not enter into any conver sation with him on political matters. It was generally understood, as his Excellency aban doned the intention of returning by the Wonga Wonga, which was detained a day for him, that that ho intended going up the river on Monday; but a sight indisposition on that day delayed his departure, aud afterwards he determined not to run the risk of being turned back. On Tuesday he received a letter from Amarama, tho principal fighting chief of the Wanganui tribes — a warrior of considerable renown — forbidding him to aBcend the river. On Tuesday morning his Excellency paid a visit to the Aramoiio pah; and in the after- I noon left for Wellington overland in tha quietest manner possible, few in tho town being aware of his departure. The following isthe Wellington correspondent's letter to tho Otago Daily Timet, dated the 13th instant : — I have but little to write to you about since my letter of the 1 0 th instant; but that little is indi cative of the future in a more important degree than, perhaps, anything that has yet been al lowed to he gathered here from Sir George Grey's words or actions. I have already informed you of the arrival ia town of Wi Tako, who camo from the West Coast at the Governor's request. Be- I vond the immediate ir.lluence of his tribe, the Governor had evidently a strong hope thjt Wi ? Tako would, if only from personal considerations , to hia Excellenoj, consent to abandon Kin gism, and assist in the carrying out of the new institu tions. A long interview took place on Thurs day, at the Government House, and from the sans touci manner of the Governor whilo laying the foundation stone of the Supremo Court, immediately afterwards, we concluded that the interview had been satisfactory. Nothing whatever in relation to it has transpired from Go vernment House ; but Wi Tako has not been so | silent, and from him wo learn that the Governor strove hard to get him to return to his allegiance ; but on finding him resolved to watch the course of events got excaedingly angry. The Governor intimated that native proceedings heretofore taken no notice of would bo regarded narrowly for the future, and that if drilling the King's natives at Waikanea (Wi Tako's residence) wa3 continued, troops would be sent thither to put a stop to it. Tako replied that if they came they must take up their quarters on Queen's land, and if they didn't interfere with him he should take no notice of them. The Governor expressed a half- formed in tention of confiscating Tako'B property in town (some land and houses on the beach), to which Tjko replied, that he (Sir George) was governor, and if he thought it good, well ; he had only to do what was right. Much more in the same strain is reported, all tending to show that the Go vernor was very angry, and disgusted, and contem plated a speedy limit to the patience hitherto exercised. Of course this is an ex parte state ment, and considering that the account of the in terview at Otaki, written by Wi Tako, and pub lished in the Independent e fortnight since, had a decidedly one-sided tendency, the statements now must be received with caution ; yet it is perfectly clear that what did happen at the interview caused the Governor and Wi Tako to part in high dudgeon. Lieutenant E'l wards, of the 14th, has been appointed a resident magistrate for the dis trict embracing Powina and the Waikariea por tion of the West coast. His appointment was considered a somewhat strange one, as Lieutenant Edwards is not at all acquainted with the Natives or the language ; but it is now thought by some that it is possible that regard has been had rather to the magistracy as a pretext for obtaining a military knowledge of tho country in the neigh borhood, than to anything else. The Governor sailed for Auckland on Friday afternoon in the Harrier. The quidnuncs say that he will return in about three months — very probably; but there is so much mystery about his Excellency's move ments and intentions, that we are always in the dark about them. This my3tery is hurtful in the extreme. For instance, would it not have been better for all parties, that the proceedings at the rocent public interviews with the West Coast natives should have been published officially, as were those that took place at Lower Waikato ten months ago. The truth, however severe, could not be more prejudicial than the flying rumors which otherwise jet into circulation. _ If the re porting of the proceedings was an ordinary affair, the press would do its duty, but it is not only difficult, but often absolutely impossible, to get a competent Maori scholar to act as a travel ling correspondent ; and you may as well attempt to get blood from stones as informa tion from the official interpreters, Sea., who seem to be in fear cf their lives if they uttered a syllable. Still more would it have been desirable that what passed between his Excellency and Wi Tako last week should officially be made known, as the reports, which lose nothing in the transmission from mouth to mouth, excite unne cessarily, and do an incalculable amountof mischief. There is a whisper that the Governor has sent home his resignation a month ago, in consequence oftheDukoof Newcastle's despatch. As far as I can make out, i . is 'kitchen' intelligence ; but Jeames does sometimes know and say more than others who might be supposed to be better in formed. I give it you simply as a rumor, and state the source from whence I believe it comes ; but I call to mind some surmises expressed not very long ago by a' drawingroom' authoiity, that his Excellency might be here only six months, and when aBked what he meant, was evidently taken aback, and passed it off by saying that Sir George Grey might die, or fifty other things happen. I am not going to say that it is by no means im probable that Sir George, or anyone elseinhis posi- tion, should feel insulted by the tone of the Duke's despatches, because, not knowing anything about it, I do not want to make the rumor of his resigna tion pass for more than it is worth. There is no thing elBe to mention, except it be that Mr Domett and the Governor's suite leave in the Airedale for Auckland to-day. Destructive Fibe in Wellincton. — At two o'clock on Friday morning, the premises known as the Albion Hotel, situated on Te AroFlat, and occupied by Mr Robert Archibald, were discovered to be on fire. The flames spread with fearful rapidity, and the alarmed inmates, who cOHjiated of Mr and Mrs Archibald, and their child of about four yearB of age, had scarcely time to throw a mattrass through the window, drop the child on the top of it, and effect their own escape by simi lar means, when the whole of the building became one mass of flames, which speedily spread to an adjoining cottage, and in the course of little more than an hour the premises were totally destroyed, and nothing left standing but the brick chimneys, the grate in one of which was splintered up with the intense heat to which it had been subjected. Such was the rapidity with which the property was destroyed, that not a particle of the furniture could be saved, and in fact, with the exception of people residing in the immediate vicinity, very few knew anything of the disaster until it had been completed. The loss to the proprietor is, we understand, covered by insurance. — Wellington Independent, 4th October, Destructive Fine. — Yesterday afternoon, about two o'clock, a serious fire broke out at the store of Moore Brothers, in Sheepshead Gully, by which the store and the dwelling-house of Mr James Moore were completely destroyed, the salvage made being comparatively trifling. On the alarm being given the brigades turned out with alacrity, and, considering the ground in the neighborhood of the railway over which they had to travel, got there and to work very quickly ; all, however, that could be done was to get the embers out, and get out the safe, &c.; The fire, however, had been too much for that depository ; the con tents, whatever they m:ght have been, were found burnt to ashes. Mr Moore informs us that he is insured in the Colonial Insurance Company for £500, but that he doeB not think that will half cover his Iosb. No clue can be given to the origin. Mr Moore was in the store at a quarter to eleven, when, as far as he knew, everything was all right, and he is not aware of anyone going into the shop subsequently ; and about two o'clock, while walking at the top of his garden, some distance from the house, he saw the premises were on fire, and had only time to get out, with the assistance of some neighbors, somo of his pro perty — furniture, clothing, &c.; — when the whole was in u blaze. After playing on the ruins for some time, the brigades returned to their respec tive engine houses with their engines. — Bendigo Advertiser, '27th October. In Pukis Natdralihus. — When rumours went abroad that a nude man was in the habit of dis porting himself in Castlemaine, with a view, apparently, of frightening, and annoying females, it was received with an amount of incredulity. Certain it is, however, that a really naked indi vidual was caught on Saturday last, in Templeton street, or rather in the Catholic Reserve. It seems that two femaleB were coming up Hargreave street, when they encountered this supposed apparition j one of them fled forthwith, but the other pave chase, when the ' ghost' fairly turned tail and bolted,' clearing the Catholic fence at the corner like an antelope. The cries of the lady pursuer drew a number of people, and in no time the acrobat was secured, though not without desperate resistance. In the interim, between being first seen and captured, he had managed to Blip a shirt over his head, and thus appeared in comparatively decent costume before the numbers that soon surrounded him. The police were sent for, and under their inspection he completed his toilet prior to going to the ' logs,' hiB other clothes having been found tied up in a bundle ?under the fence near where he leaped over. His name is John Beal, and he has been a newspaper runner on Campbell's Creek. What the charge against him will be we are not aware, but surely the Bench will make an example of him in such a manner as may deter otherB from following his example. We may add, that on being introduced to the lock-up he smashed everything breakable, and after being with great difficulty handcuffed and chained in the cell by two policemen, he was found at liberty yesterday morning, so far as free dom from manacles was concerned. — if.A. Mail, 27th October. 