NOTES OF THE INTERNATIONAL EXHIBI- TION. THE JAPANESE COURT. (From the Times) As regards What may be termed the daily life of the Exhibition, there is no special feature to record. Every Court, class, and section of the building has its own particular group of professicnal admirers. There is, however, one portion of the Exhibition which has scarcely yet been properly explored, or, at least, has not attracted the amount of attention it really deserves. We mean tbe Court allotted to Japan. This small but interesting collection, is one which will well repay the visitor. All who do examine it leave it with regret that the collection is not larger, for there is scarcely an object shown which does not give some new and special insight into the habits of this extraordinary people. It is unneccessary to say that this collection is not forwarded by the Japanese thernselves. It is not, therefore, a representative exhibition, either of their arts or industry, such as they possibly might wish to show. It is simply a series of cabinets con- taining specimens of the industrial and art manufac- tures of the country collected by the very few indi- viduals who have seen it, the chief exhibitor being Mr. Rutherford Alcock, her Majesty's Envoy to the Tycoon. As we have said, therefore, only enough is shown to excite our admiration, and stimulate our wish to see more. But, small as is the collection, it is large enough to prove the skill of the people in their own manufactures, and in ours, too, and, above all, to show that the general disposition of the people leads to broad comic fun. There is only one Leech in England, but in Japan there must be hundreds, if not thousands. To be satisfied of this, one has only to examine the wonder- ful collection of little metal buckle for fastening the dress, shown by Mr. Alcock. The designs in some of these are irresistibly grotesque, and at once recall to mind the little black woodcuts with which Mr. Leech began his connexion with Punch. Probably every object in this collection is by a different artist ; yet, though in some the designs are so minute as to require a magnifying glass to see them well, all are treated with the same broad humour, so that it is almost impossible to avoid downright laughter as you examine them. There is one figure of a man timidly venturing to coax a snarling dog, which is inimitable in its funny expression, and so also is the expression on another's face who is frightened by a ghost. And all these works, the reader must remember, are not mere sketches, but are solid little pieces of metal-work, the back ground being of bronze and the raised figures in relief, being either gold, silver, steel, or platinum, or as in most cases, of all four metals intermixed. It is evident from the platinum being so freely used here that the metal must be much more common with the Japanese than with us, and that the secret of melting it, to which our chemical knowledge has only just attained, has long been known to them. In the adaptation of bronze to ordinary domestic purposes, such as inkstands, tobacc0 jars, candlesticks, and the like, there is a wonderful in- genuity shown. There is a bronzed tripod candle stick so ingeniously hinged that it folds up into the size of a small envelope, and not much thicker. By the side of this case is shown an object which is one of the most curious of all in the whole building. It is a small window-blind made apparently of rods of twisted glass strung together. The rods are as hard, as clear, and as sharp as glass. Let the visitor ex- amine it attentively, and then believe if he can that it is made of rice. Of all who have seen or who are yet to see 1his wonderful little screen of rods we ven- ture to say not a hundred will believe them to be other than what they seem to be - pure glass. Yet Mr. Alcock asserts that they are made from a gelatine of rice, and his statement is borne out by the fact that hard and sharp as they are, they sound when knocked together like sticks of soft wood. In the side of the case where the metal buckles are shown we find in a collection of ivory carvings fresh proof of the art, skill, and comic genius of the people. Let anyone examine the litter of puppies sprawling over each other, the grotesque look of pain on the face of the woman who has been startled by a fox, and tumbled forward with her fingers under the edge of a basin; the triumphant aspect of the companion figure, who has succeeded in clapping his basin down on the fox. Yet not with standing their wonderful finish, all these figures are so small that they might be worn as brooches Opposite this case is one of porcelain, in which is a large plate that represents two Japanese ladies wear- ing French bonnets and shauls, with deeply-flounced silk dresses spread out by such an amplitude of crinoline as even our belles seldom venture on. One has a telescope with which she is pointing to the sea with an air of fashionable nonchalance, while the other figure, to still further exemplify European habits, has her gloved hand filled with green apples. In the background are two other Japanese ladies dressed in the costume of the counrry, and who are shrinkng with horror and astonishment from their strangelv-attired sisters. This ceramic caricature tells its own tale. The attitude of the Europeanised Japanese lady pointing to the sea whence the barbarians are to come, the fidelity with which our dress and very walk is copied, all allow it to be meant as a warning satire ol what will re- sult to Japanese costumes and customs if once the Europeans are admittcd within the pale of their strange community. It is a curious illustration of their manufactuing skill that a passing joke like this should be represented in such a costly medium as this beautifully-finished porcelain. The speci- mens of eggshell porcelain shown in this case are, if anything, almost thinner than eggshell. Even the renowned specimens of this china made at Worcester are mere earthenware compared to them. The show ol arms and armour is not great, though the Japanese, as might be expected from a people among whom the sword is an insignia of rank - the first three lay classes having the right to wear two - manufacture blades of the most exquisite temper. A good weapon is hmded down as an heirloom from generation to generation, and so sharp and well balanced are the blades, and so dexterous are the people in the use of their favourite weapon, that their best swordsman can, it is said, cut a man in two at a single blow. Among the weapons here is a for- midable short double-edged sword, taken from one of the party of assassins who attacked the house of the English Embassy at Jeddo by night last year. The best Japanese swordmakers, it is said, get as much as £100 for a single blade. This sum, however, is, perhaps, not very great among a people who possess gold in such profusiou that its value appears to be estimated at little more tlun twice or three times that of silver. The coinage is thown in the collection. The silver coins are thick and square, those of gold are large, but thin, and have the corners rounded off. The largest coin of the latter kind is about three inches long by two inches broad, yet its value is only equal to 30s of our cur- rency. It is certainly thin, but there must, never- theless, be at least £3 worth of gold in it. Yet, empty as they seem to be supplied with gold and silver, the Japanese have found their way to a paper currencv, and their notes for various amounts, all of which are oblong, like the coins, aro shown near the money. In paper, the manufacturers of Japan have undoubtedly attained an excellence and skill of which we in Europe know nothing. Here are paper waterproof coats, paper leathers, paper parasols, and paper pockethandkerchiefs. Some of the paper leathers are as strong apparently as any hides that ever left a tan yard. There is a large collection of the different kinds of paper used for paper hanging, for writing, printing and for wrapping up parcels, and, in fact, the different qualities and kinds of paper seem infinitely more numerous than our own, and in their combinations are efficiently applied to such purposes as are not thought of here. The different specimens of printing are also shown. There is a Japanese Court Guide - a Directory which gives tho names, ranks, and abodes of all the notabilities of the empire. There are a set of Japanese playbills - for the theatre is even a more fashionable place of resort in Jeddo than in London - a Japanese encyclopedia, and some children's story books which the comic genius of the people stables them to illustrate with the most racy humour. At the eastern end of the Court is a most valuable collection of Japanese drugs and surgical instruments. Of the value of this pharmacopoeia we can, of course, give no opinion, beyond saving that all their medicines seem derived from herbs. Their surgical instruments, however, are as numerous and as formidable as if the Japanese were accustomed to have railway accidents on a colossal scale every day in the week. One thing is evident of their surgery, which is that the terrible practice of resorting to actual cautery is still maintained, and the irons used in this dreadful operation are shown with the other instru- ments. In this brief sketch, however, we have merely enumerated the heads of the most interesting de- partments in the collection. The visitor will soon find many others equally interesting. 