DEMORALISED DEMOCRATS. (From THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER, 7th February.) The supposed backsliding and subsequent re- cantation of Mr Don, have been seized upon by the ARGUS as a text for a general denunciation of universal suffrage. Possibly, had not Mr Don acknowledged with sorrow that to be praised by the Collins street journal was the greatest afflic- tion he was likely to undergo on this side the grave, our colonial Thunderer would not have devoted a column to ridiculing the member for Collingwood, and through him democratic institu- tions generally. The ARGUS professes not to be behind the scenes, but the little scraps of informa- tion which involuntarily eke out in its article of yesterday, show pretty plainly how extensive have been the attempts made upon political virtue by the mysterious V. A. Their success up to the present is not much to boast of. They have annexed a Cathie and an O’Connor since the re- assembling of Parliament, but the Boanerges of bluestone still sits in his old seat. Dr Mackay we cannot reckon amongst the proselytes of the gate, nor yet Mr Levey, as they both went to their constituents with a lie in their mouths, and but that the constituencies which elected them are either too apathetic, too stupid, or too far distant to be heard to advantage, would long since have been requested to resign. There are other members, who may be found in every divi- sion list voting with the Government, upon whom an almost similar sentence might be passed, but their apostacy has not been so marked as that of the honorable gentlemen we have mentioned by name. Defection from the Heales policy was a foregone conclusion with all of these but Cathie and O’Connor, both of whom have voted in direct opposition to the Ministry, since the re- assembling of Parliament, and both of whom are certain now to figure amongst their supporters. The ARGUS, with a majority of twelve for the second reading of the Land Bill at its back, may reasonably afford to sneer at Mr Don, and all popular representatives. On this occasion, how- ever, we question much whether Dr Hedley ex- ercised his customary revision over the political leading article of the “ leading journal.” He must have been.beating up new recruits on Wed- nesday night,. or consolidating the victory already achieved over the two sinners who repented and were received into the ample bosom of the V A. Otherwise the indiscreet writer would not so soon have scared away proselytes by no means yet con- versant with the new belief. They are just in this position—their former associates shun them like a pestilence, and their patrons use them as good dummies, but in the using, openly express their contempt of them and all their kidney, Thus, the first opportunity of escape from thraldom will be embraced by lately caged birds, and any hesi- tating warblers will have been sufficiently scared to keep clear of the well-limed twigs. Suppose the picture reversed, and the now poor members in the position of the O’Shanassy Go- vernment and its backers, the squatters. We venture to say that instead of two or three rene- gades, as at present, the defections to the Heales standard might be counted by the dozen. Is it necessary to name names ? On which side of the House would Dr Evans have been ; he who haunted the lobbies like some hideous ghost during the formation of the Brooke Ministry ? Would Mr Ireland have been sitting cheek by jowl with Mr O’Shanassy had not his pension been cavilled at ? On which benches would a visitor to Melbourne have expected to find Mr Anderson and Mr Johnston, who, with the Post- master and the Attorney- General, seem to enjoy the admirable faculty for which the Vicar of Bray has been immortalised ? Where, too, should we look for Duffy, Hood, Pyke, Bennett, and Loader ? The limits of an article preclude us extending the list further. Sufficient has, we think, been shown to prove that while less amenable to temptation than the representa- tives of the masses in Victoria, a number of mem- bers, who have for some time enjoyed a superior social position, have forgotten their first love and gone over to the enemy, while the despised demo- crats, with a few exceptions, have stood manfully to their principles. All this points to the necessity of paying mem- bers for their services out of the general revenue. They would then be independent of foreign in- fluences, and less liable, be they the chosen of the working, or of what .are called “ the better classes,” to be seduced by the bribe of immediate or prospective advantages. Nor is it unlikely, if a Cabinet Minister’s emoluments—wages is scarcely the word to use—were reduced, that the country would be better served. Of this we are certain, that at least some of the public business would be transacted in a Parliamentary session. ===================== BURNING OF A CHINESE THEATRE.—About five p.m. on Monday evening some Chinese were let- ting off crackers at the Guildford Camp in honor of their new year. By some means the sparks got among the dry gum rushes which formed a sort of shelter from the sun, and in an instant the whole was in a blaze. The flames immediately caught the new and large canvas theatre, and in ten or fifteen minutes it was entirely consumed. Of course the whole camp was in con- fusion, and the din of tongues was alarm- ing, but despite every exertion it is said that nearly all the rich wardrobe of the performers was destroyed. Some boxes of silver coin con- taining a considerable amount were fortunately saved, but the loss of property has been estimated at from £400 to £500. It is stated that the theatre had been rented by Ah Coy during the week for £70. Had the fire occurred earlier some serious casualties might have resulted, for shortly before the place was filled with a crowded audience. The Chinese are so careless in the use of fire, that residents in the neighborhood of the Camp have frequently predicted that it would be burned to the ground.—M. A. MAIL, 7th Fe- bruary. NOT BAD FOR A FARMER.—An idler boasted to a farmer of his ancient family, laying much stress upon his having descended from an illust- rious man who had lived several centuries ago. “ So much the worse for you,” replied the farmer ; “ for we find the older the seed, the power the crop.” 