SKETCHES FROM REAL LIFE. BY OLD BOOMERANG. "TOM, BRING ME MY WADDY." GREAT blusterers are great cowards ; that's the sum- mary of my experience of such social nuisances. Like a posse of mongrel curs, which everybody has occa- sionally seen pursuing a sensible, well-bred dog, who is quietly following his master's carriage, they keep up a constant yelping, and snapping, and showing of teeth, formidable to look at, though seldom used for anything but snarling, or devouring carrion. The well-bred dog, apparently heedless of anything but his duty, pursues his way, looking straight before him, until, perhaps, becoming exasperated at the con- tinued noise of his tormentors, whose number increases as he goes, he suddenly turns round, and knocks down one mangy mongrel, and makes him howl "pen and ink," as he rolls in the mud, when his dismal cries alarming the whole pack, they immediately tuck in their tails, and run away as fast as if they had the contents of a tinker's cart appended to them. Happy would it be for society if such snarling cowardice were confined to the canine species; but, alas! it is otherwise. There are too many bipeds of the genus homo to worry us in our every-day walks; many of whom it has been my lot to observe, and not unfrequently my extreme satisfaction to see de- servedly castigated. I have often heard them howl "pen and ink" most unmusically, and I have chuckled the while, like a schoolboy seeing Punch and Judy knock down the devil. A striking illustration of the pusillanimity of great hectoring boobies is now vividly before my fancy, and, as it may convey a useful lesson, I will nar- rate it. Nearly a quarter of a century ago, I resided in the quiet little village of Phoganmist, in the interior of this colony, and was engaged in mercantile pursuits. I had in my employ a trustworthy, "canny Scotch- man," named Sandy M'Phun, a rare "character." He was tolerably well educated—as most Scotchmen are—and was endowed with more than an average share of his national shrewdness and ingenuity: these, united to a cheerful temper and a rich vein of hu- mour, made him a general favourite. I was a bachelor in those days, and Sandy's "unco careful" wife kept my house, while he acted as my factotum. Few factotums ever filled their posts with more eclat than Sandy filled his. He was my clerk, amanuensis, warehouseman, wharfinger, "valet de sham," and confidential adviser. He would groom my horse, rig or paint my boat, prepare the supper table for an occasional select party of bachelor friends, then take off his butler's apron, and sit down among my guests with as much sang froid as a rich squatter. Few persons could tell a witty "crack," or sing "Robie Burns'" songs, with better effect than Sandy could; and few men were better judges of the real "Highland whisky." Alas, poor Sandy! strong whisky was your greatest "weakness." Ony for thot, mon, ye micht ha been prime minister the day; an yet ye didna get fu very oft, but "just a wee drap in yer ee" noo an then, when ye quaffed an extra "cup o' kindness" for "auld lang syne." But, as "the continual dropping of water weareth away the stone," so continual drops of whisky weareth away the contents of the purse as well as the constitution, and very frequently the character too. I believe Sandy M'Phun still lives somewhere in the world; and, though I dare say the snows of life's winter now besprinkle his once "bonnie curly locks," to warn him that he is "fast gaen hame," still his reputation, as an honest and industrious man, is as untarnished as ever it was. But, comforting as that reflection must be to him in his declining years, I feel gratefully as- sured that my faithful "auld friend" has been too well taught in the Sacred Scriptures, not to know that something more than an honest reputation is ne- cessary to insure him an entrance into "life beyond life," to those glad realms where tottering old age and winters are unknown, and where I hope anon to meet him, robed with immortality. There were many little villages, or hamlets, in the interior of the colony, in those days, which contained at least one important upraised plebeian, who, vested with a little brief authority, mercilessly exercised it over his poor neighbours; while to his aristocratic neighbours, who tolerated him only, he was obsequious as a flunkey. In general, his purse was heavy, and in that his great strength lay; while his head very often had nothing in it but pride, and his heart was dry and tough as an old cocoanut. The poor old women bobbed to him as he rode up the village to the Bench. The constables—all looking as sharp as new hatchets—stood in a row by the court-house door, and saluted him as he entered; while the public flogger, with the handle of his cat-o'-nine-tails pro- truding from his coat- pocket, followed him into court, and stood by, in readiness to do his worship's bid- ding with skill and alacrity. The poor "Government men," who could not manage to slink out of his worship's sight as he rode into the village, used to look as frightened of him as if they verily believed he had the magisterial power to skin them alive, and then tatoo them all over with cayenne pepper; and the little boys and girls were as scared at his approach as if old bogy were coming riding on a wolf. Such a man—in some respects—was Goliah Gruff, of Grindstone Hall, near Phoganmist. He was a burly, big-headed man, and had a voice like a trom- bone with a crack in it. He owned half the village, with its clusters of dingy-looking slab tenements, roughly erected by poor persons, on building leases, and purposely meant to last no longer than their short terms. Everybody shivered as if it were snowing, when they saw Goliah ride into the village; even the old cows, which before were quietly grazing in the grassy streets, would point their tails to the moon and run like racers, when they heard the click of his horse's hoofs, as though they were aware they had been nib- bling his feed without license. Any person who had got money to pay to Goliah Gruff, might have seen him with safety at any time, for he liked money; but, if any poor wight were going to him with excuses, instead of overdue rent, he might expect to have his brains nearly blown out by Goliah's trombone voice. He would commence in a comparatively soft tone, but gradually grow worse, until he blew a perfect tornado, pouring out abusive epithets with most surprising volubility, till his eyes bulged out of his head, like ripe gooseberries, and his face got as red as a soldier's jacket. Very rarely would the unfortunate persons assailed venture to utter a word in reply, during the height of his paroxysms, for they generally knew, from experience, that an attempt to reach his reason would be as fruitless as trying to catch a ghost; and their greatest care was to keep beyond the reach of his formidable whip, which, however, I never knew him to use, ex- cept to beat his horse. Like all men of his character, he was a subject for ridicule, when out of sight; and many, apparently accidental circumstances, which oc- curred to cause him annoyance, were the result of the premeditated plans of some of his waggish tenantry, or his servants, who would take a mischievous delight in seeing him furious, so long as his wrath was not directly poured upon themselves. One day Goliah rode up to my place of business, hooked his horse to the door-post, then walked inside, in his usual pompous style, and abruptly addressed Sandy M'Phun, who was busy at his desk behind the counter. "Eh, M'Phun, ye sent me a box o' glass the ither day, an wha the deil tell't ye 'twas crown glass?" "I didna ask the deil onything aboot it, Sir," replied Sandy, dryly. "I looket at the end o' the box, an it was market there plainly enow crown glass." "Curse the mark on the end o' the box," exclaimed Goliah, as he prepared his bellows for a terrific blast. "An suppose it had been full o' toilet affairs, wad ye ha sent it til me because it was market 'crown glass?' yer great thick-headed gowk ye; wad ye ha done that?" "Na, na, Sir," replied Sandy, civilly; "I should ha thocht ye wadna want a box full o' sic like things. But if it's na crown glass, it's a mistake of our mar- chant's, for I never opened the box. I'll change it for ye, Sir, with pleasure, an I'm very sorry—" "Haud yer jabbering, ye blockhead," shouted Goliah. "Where's your maister? I'll see why he keeps sic a blundering idiot in his store. I wadna gi ye a ration o' horse-beans for a' yer services, I'll tell yer maister—I'll-----" "Eh, Sir! coshua bless me!" cried Sandy, im- ploringly; "think o' me puir wife an bairns. I thocht it was crown glass, and ------" "Yere a saucy blaggard," said Goliah, and by de- grees elevating his voice as usual, he raged and roared a perfect hurricane, while Sandy hung down his head, apparently in terror, but in reality he was telegraphing to the boy Tom, who was concealed behind a pile of goods, and was enjoying the scene amazingly. "I'm verra sorry, Sir," begun Sandy again. "Haud yer tongue," thundered Goliah, while he actually foamed at the mouth, and raised the hammer end of his whip most threateningly; "you're a cheat —scoundrel—thief—bl-----" "A what?" vociferated Sandy, in a voice which made Gtoliah start as if he had just trodden on a nail, as he suddenly dashed his hat on the floor in a well- feigned fit of violent rage, and prepared to spring over the counter. "What? a thief? bones and blud- geons! Tom, bring me my waddy! Egad! let me catch him, hoogh!" But Goliah did not stop for Sandy to catch him; he rushed out of the store, leaving his hat and spec- tacles on the counter; jumped on to his horse, and rode away faster than if he were going for a fire- engine, shouting murder as he went, and declaring that a muckle mad cannibal was going to brain him with a black fellow's waddy. I overheard the latter part of the affray from an adjoining building, and hastened to the spot in time to see Goliah Gruff riding, like Johnny Gilpin, with his bald head shining tike a bladder of lard; while Sandy and the boy Tom were in convulsions of laughter at the terrible fright, and electrical flight, of the blustering laird of Grindstone Hall. It was a long time before Goliah ventured into the store after that occurrence; he, however, gradually gained courage, but was always particularly civil to Sandy afterwards; indeed, almost polite, if that were possible, though he was reported to have said, that Sandy was "an unco savage fellow, and had frightened him out of a stone weight of fat." I be- lieve he always felt himself indebted to his horse's speed for his uncracked skull. * * * * I have seen many Goliah Gruffs since that period, but it would lengthen my present sketch too much to note them. Now, whenever I see a blustering, purse- proud plebeian insultingly domineering over his poor neigh- bours, his servants, or other persons dependent upon him, and who have perhaps too much self-respect to reply to him in his own vernacular, and too much discernment not to know that he would not appre- ciate any other style of address; that battling with him, with rational arguments, would be as useless as trying to pelt a bear to death with snowballs; or, whenever I hear a clacking ignoramus, who by chance or mistake has got into a lofty position, and is merely kept from toppling over by the ballast of his purse, who has not common sense enough to keep his tongue quiet, and thus, to some extent, hide his ignorance and positive stupidity; whenever I hear such a man, in coarse, dictatorial language, lording it over men of education and refinement, who are, from various causes, compelled to remain passive under his vulgar treatment, and perhaps to tolerate his occasional violence of temper; at such times, I heartilv wish for my old friend Sandy M'Phun to appear suddenly, to dash his hat to the floor, and screech out hoogh! "Tom, bring me my waddy;" for I should then enjoy the fun of seeing the blusterer run away like a scalded cat, because I set it down as an established axiom, that all great bullies are great cowards. Darlinghurst, 4th October. Tub Foebes Coum-hocse.— Considerable excite ment, we understand, has prevailed amongst the com mercial circles of Forbes, in consequence of the receipt of information that tbe Government had resolved upon the removal of the Court- house from the Camp Reserve to a site beyond the lagoon, about three quarters of a mile from the centre of the township, A meeting was, therefore, convened, st which Messrs. Ellet and Farrand were appointed a deputation to the Government to prevent what was regarded as an aet of injustice, not only to the purchasers of property in the immediate vicinity of the Camp Reserve, many of vihom. have purchased business siten. and erected costly bnildings, under the impression that the pre Bent site was a permanent one, but to the towns people generally, to whom a journey of three quarters of a mile over boggy country, in wet weather would have been a very serious as well as a very unnecessary inconvenience whenever the fiat of the Bench was required. We are happy, however, to learn that the deputation has proved successful, and that the Government has gracefully acceded to the wishes of the townspeople of Forbes. Mr. Secretary Arnold, we understand, has telegraphed to Forbes, and ordered a cessation of operations on the new site, and has determined upon another contiguous to the present court-house. It taking this step, we ere free to confess that he is doing a simple act of justice to a community who have abundantly proved their earnest ness in the matter by meeting, discussing, and volun. tartly incurring the expenses of a deputation from so diBtaut a township to tne metropolis of the colony. The Law Ikshtdte.— The third quarterly meeting of the Law Institute of New South Wales was held at the office of the institute in the King-street Court house, on Monday afternoon. The chair was filled by iir, G. K. Holden, the president. The report having been read, adopted, and the accounts pissed, rive new members were admitted, namely, Messrs. G. F. Ben bow, W. H, Mullens, Q. W. Grabsm, William Roberts, and Thomas Weedon. 