ANSWEES TO CORRESPONDENTS. . To those of our ? respected 'corespondents,' whoso answers should hove appeared in our last issue, we beg to Btato that the iraportanco of many of their questions demanded tinio for maturo consideration. : BOBIN' HOOD.-You need no qualification either in- tellectual or pecuniary to become on M.P. . Unlimited brass, and a defective memory, on the score of pledges, are however absolutely 'essential to securo " promotion." A TooNGSTisn.-f' Pég-top suits" wore designed for bogs, not men." ? . ? .? IScrnEiiiA.-Your ,! Elogy on tho death of a-.Pet Poodle," though very beautiful, is declined with thanks boing too nervous for our columns. ' Send it to the " Sydney Pail." .' . "". '" \\- "''. . AN ELECTOO.-Tho retiring-Alderman for Macquarie Wnrd, who is doing battle with ' " Alexander tho Groat," is »ioi Mr Chapman, the clover Comedian of the Victoria Theatre. ? Ax ANXI0T73 MoTHEiti-Burn your-fiirtmg daughter's Garibaldi, and crinoline. Keep her at home, and make hor. mend tho holes in her stockings. ' .- r ' ; HrsiANiTAS.r-You aro right. Tho new " Drunkard's Bill" is tho " otTspring of a weak' and cruel mind." If .it becomes law in its present shape, no doubt " tho soli- tary cell will prove a living tomb to 'iiiany an unfortunate boing. ' . '.. ' . . A MAX COOK.-Sir John Young is not a candidate for Alderinanic honors,, but Mr. Hourigan, minc host, of tho " Sir John Young" hotel is. y?ë believe the supporters of Alderman Steel aro-'gendrally considered " sharp blades." ' - y - .? ' - ' ? ' GREEK WATTLE.-WO understand that tho legal gentlemen practising at the Central Police ' Coiirt, have generously offered to. defray' tlio expense 'of " harking" George and York-streets, out of their " professional costs." - ' - PAIMDRUB.-;Tlio membors of the now Pilot Board, have resigned, because, according to their own statement there is ho" " fair prospoct of their being able to perform tho highly important duties imposed upon thom in a manner either Batisfactory to the publie, "oij ^creditable to themselves." In our opinion tho Board deserves credit for its candour, and good sonso. A CKITIC.-"Tho Idiot of tho Mountain" rocontly produced at thc Lyceum is not founded on t he adventures of a cortaia distinguished monibor of the political " Mountain" in Maequario-stroet, whoso performances have often been favorably noticed in this journal. - TJIU'GHOST OH JOUBOOKS.-The-Queen's Plate of £200 was run for in tho Assembly on Wednosday even- ing, nnd gallantly won ; "Wost Sydney," and five others being " nowhere." Tho betting Btood at'19'to G. - . 