GBELONG A UXILTARY BIBLE SOCIETY. At the seventeenth annual meeting of the So ciety, held on Friday last, the following report was read and adopted :— retort. The Committee of the lieelong Auxiliary Bible Society, in presenting their Seventeenth Annual Report, are less able to speak of success than on former anniversaries; but would, nevertheless, express thankfulness to the Great Head of the Church that they are permitted to help forward fhe cause they have ac heart. In their own name and in that of the Christian community of this town, they can express confidence that the great principles of the Bible Society arc more than ever valued. They believe that there is nothing in the circum stances of the town tending either to close the hearts or even to destroy the ability of Christian persons to promote the objects of that society. At the same time they admit that the claims of congregational neces sities have much hindered the efficiency of that or ganisation on which your committee have hitherto relied. They regret to state that no effort was made early in the year to gather in subscriptions through the agency of lady-collectors. Your committee, in being disappointed of this agency, had recourse to a paid collector, who was to be reimbursed by an allowance of 10 per cent, on the contributions. This plan', howcvei, has met with bui very partial success. Your committee also made an appeal to the minis ters of the town for congregational collections, but to this only one or two responses were given. The retrospect of the year's efforts is so far humili ating and discouraging, but your committee hope the finances of the society will in futuie be placed on a better footing. They would also speak-hopc fuliy of the establishment of a l.adies' Association for the Sale of Bibles and the Collection of Free Contributions, on a •ystem of periodical and con tinuous house-to-house Visitation in the poorer dis tricts. Ten ladies have already volunteered to this work, and it is hoped that this number will shortly be doubled. At the same time your committee would express an opinion that not less than thirty would be required for the etrectual visitation of the whole town. Your committee desire here to state that, the ap pointment of the Rev. J. K. Tucker to rcpresen the parent society in these colonies is already yield ing good fruit, and is likely to prove a source of strength to xhis Auxiliary. His periodical visits are calculated to stimulate the zeal of all sections of the church, as well as to diffuse the latest infor mation concerning the progress of the Bible cause throughout the world. By his instrumentality, most of the following branches have been estab lished or revived in this neighbourhood BXUXCZI SOCIETIES. Barra^ool Hills—Mr P, M'Cuno, treasurer; Rsv J. J. M Roberts secretary. Hnte»fr»rd—Ttcv A. Proudfoot, «ecretary. Drysdalo—Uev J. I) D 'dgson, trca>u er; H. Baker, se crctiry. repository: Mr Simmons. Li'.tlo River—J. Kecs, treasurer; Mr FuUagar, secre tary. Dep«:sttory: Mr Garrett. Queenwliff—Dr WillUra^, treasurer; Mr Jordan, secre tary Depository: Mr Mmpsm. Kokcwood—Uev J. Coo. cr, recrctary. sholford—Kev J Simpson. Wiothelsca—A. Uoa>kins, Esq., treasurer; Iter.E. Tan ner. secretary. Members of your committee have accompanied that rev gentleman as deputations to the meetings of these branches, on which occasions they have seen much to inspire them with hope. A colporteur has been appointed by the Ceres branch, who has labored witn considerable success. Sums have been transmitted from Batesford, from Queenscliff, from Drysdale, and the Little River, as free contributions to the parent society. A flourishing branch has been established at Win chelsea, from which the sum of L2> 9s 3d has been remitted, the first meeting in that place having been highly .successful, both as regards numbers and the spirit shown by the residents. The following report was read at the first anniversary meeting, at Drysdale:— In the absence of anyihing like a proper report it is but right to account for such a state of things. When we met last year an effort was made at the meeting to orcani.se a branch society. The notice | of the meeting being very short, the attendance was rather limited, and few of those were present who would be eligible to constitute a committee and a staff of officers. The organisation was therefore im petfect, and as a result nothing has been done. The treasurer then appointed is willing to take a great share of the blame, and promises amendment for the future. But though no committee has met during the year, steps have been taken in the mean time to disseminate the Scriptures. Mrs Dodgson has had a depot of bibles and testaments, and from it has gone forth the Word of Life. Two persons during the year.thave been the means of distribut ing the Scriptures in the localities of their residences—Mr iSimmons, in D ysdale, and Mr Sansom, in Pay wit. The former has passed through his hands 26 bibles and 25 testaments, producing the sum of L2 '10s tid, with orders for more ; and the latter 12 bibles and 11 testaments, amounting to J/3 Its 7d. making a total of 36 bibles and 3*f testaments, the receipts amounting to L5 19s <d. To these receipts have to be added the collection made at our last meeting, amounting to 19s 2.1d, and 13s, the proceeds of a box in the possession"of Mrs Dodgson, making a total raised on behalf of the Bible Society (including receipts from sale of books) of L7 11 s 15Ad. This is a small sum, but it is a beginning, and it is hoped that steps will be taken the next year to swell it up to a much larger amount The following table shows the working of this Auxiliaty during the seventeen years of its exis tence - TABLE .Showing tbe operations of t«»o ^eelong Auxiliary of the Cr ti«h and Foreign Bible socloty. I'otal Serii*. ture« sold <Tfin tbecom* muLC Paid ourchase account . From Contri tors to 1830 5 8 ID £ t. d 516 7 10 £ s d 442 19 7 1857 1858 1853 1800 0,650 11.458 12,901 14 273 310 0 0 50 0 < 53 10 0 25 » 0 9 50 0 0 1800 61 1861-62 1862-63 15,824 16 810 17,678 50 0 0 50 0 r< 50 On 50 0 0 50 ' 0 0 980 7 in 913 9 7 Remarks. Rev. H. Beecber*s visit. Colporteur In two , years sold 3i45 copies. Co!p»rteur, 803 copies. Rev i.K Tucker's lint vlslc. They regret that during the present year so little has been done for the reasons already assigned, but your committee commend their efforts to the prayers of the Lord's people, in the hope that a widely different result may be shown at the next anni versary. Your committee will, in conclusion, refer to the success of the parent society: The Receipts of the year ending March 81, ISG2 have exceeded those of any preceding year (exclud ing the Special Funds). The amount applicable to the General Purposes of the Society is LOO,823 3s 8d, being an increase of L8,BBS 12s Id over'tho preceding year; while the amount received for bibles and testaments has been L70,760 17s 8d,or LB,148 ITs 7d leas than in the preceding year. The total receipts from the ordinary sources of income have amounted to L!B7,684 Is 4d being L619 Us 9d 'mere than in any/ermeryear. To the above mnst be added the sum of L031 |.lt 3d for the t'hiiicse New- Testament Fond, and LI28 Oi Ad for the special fund Lr India; makinBatrranr! toial of L1GS.443 15s 5d/ b b 0(1 ! The Issues of the Society for the year are fa» f dJows1 From the Drptt at homo.. 909 957), ,0, 0,. From Doi ots abroad .. 595 291 J A'0Jd»**8 copies. The total issues of the Society now amount to 40,910,175 copies. The ordinary payments have amounted to L140.80S5s Id, and the payments on account of the special funds to L3,0l3 Is 9d; Tusking the total expenditure of the ycnr to amount to L|4t,7bl 78 5d, being 1/20,711 is 9d less than in the preceding year. ® The Society is under engagements to the extent of I -00,931 I3s. U5 Your Committee conclude this.local report by adapting the eloquent conclusion of the Pa rent. Society'* Rep*vrt. In thus reviewing the labours of another year it is but a rapid glance which your committee are enabled to take of the various stations which ther have been permitted to occupy, and from which the Word of the Lord has gone forth. What real success may have attended their efforts; how often when listening to the Story of Grace, tie humble have heard thereof and been glad; how often the veil has been taken away, so that the eye of faith has discerned Jesus, and the heart has been melted into love under a consciousness of His beauty, ther ennnot tell. These are results which are in the Spirit's hands, and the full knowledge of which is reserved for the disclosures of a final day. But as the plougman, though conscious that without the rain and sunshine of heaven his seed will never ger minate nor his harvest ripen, yet breaks up the fal low ground, and mellows the soil, and commits his grain to the bosom of a faithful earth; so your committee have sought to use. the means of God's appointment. They cannot control the seasons of grace. They cannot command the clouds of hea ven that they drop down fatness, or the Sun of Righteousness that He shine forth in His strength * but, in simple dependence on the promise of a faith ful God, they have gone forth bearing precious seed; and seeking to share the blessing of those who sow beside all waters, they look forward with a certain hope, to the time when they that sow and they that reap shall rejoice together. But be the success of the past what it may, of this they feel assu ed, that the preseut is no time to waver in their allegiance to such a cjuse, or to relax in their efforts for the attainment of so glorious an end. The honour of God forbids it. The cause which they are seeking to advance, bound up as it is with man's spiritual and eternal welfare, is nevertheless the cause of God and of His Truth. And until the honor of God is fully vindicated against all gainsayers, and the Lord alone is exulted in our fallen world, the nations must still be summoned to bow before His sceptre and the proclamation still go forth, O Earth, Earth! Earth, hear the word of the Lord ! The wants of the world forbid it. The cry of famishing millions asking for bread is too appuh'ng—the wail of the lost, as with one accord they bid us testify unto their brethren lest they also come into this place of torment, is too heartrending to permit us to pause for a moment in our work, or hesitate to urge it on to its culmi nating point of glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace, goodwill towards men. THE STATE OF THE PROFESSING CHURCH FORBIDS IT. Infidelity is once more girding itself for the conflict, anl sharpening its weapons, so often blunted by defeat and now rusty through disuse, for a fresh encounter with the soldiers of the Cross, As a preliminary step, and, if possible, to create confusion in the camp, it has already attempted to tear down from Zion's battlements the flag of Truth, and to trample in the dust the rallying standard of the Lord's host. But, praised be Goth the attempt has been in vain. It has only served to warm the hearts of God's people with fresh real, and nerve their arm to wield with renewed vigour those weapons which are mighty to cast down every high thing which exalts itself against the know ledge of God. Nor is the issue of such a conflict doubtful. Did the Truth, of which your Society has become the herald among the nations, bear only (as some would have us believe) the impress of human wisdom, wc might hesitate to speak with such con fidence of its trivmph. Human intellect, rbing upon the wings of superior intelligence, might soar into yet sublimer regions, and leave behind the conceptions of the past as mere pioneers of the way for the growth and maturity of some truth yet to be discovered. But the Truth of God, like its gracious Author, is the same yesterday, to-day, and for ever. It gathers its light from eternity past, and sheds its radiance on an eternity.yet to come. The treasure, indeed, is in earthen vessels, but the mind which has given it birth is none other then the mind of God. The water of the deepest well, which rises in sparkling purity to the surface, owes not its origin to he various strata through which it is filtered, but to the heavens from whiclfit is distilled; and in like manner the water with which we seek to irrigate the parched ground of a corrupt and sinful nature is not of earthly origin, though it flows through an earthly channel It is God who has spoken in His holiness. The voice whose melody is so sweet, because the notes on which it dwells are those of Mercy and Grace, is the voice of the Beloved. The record which mingles the history of the past with the hopes oi the future, and combines the two in one harmonious scheme, the prominent features of which are the Glory «f God and the Redemption of man, is the Record of Inspiration, the utterance of the Holy Ghost— * This Book, this Holy Book, on every line M arked with the h« al of high divinity; On every leaf bedewed with drops of love Divine, and with the eternal heraldry And signature* of God Almighty stamped, This lamp irora off the Everlasting Throne Mercy took down, and in the night of time Stands casting on the dark hcc gracious bow, And evermore beseeching men with tears And earnest sighs to read, bc.ievc, and live.* And because the purpose which is thu3 revealed, like the Author from whom it emanates, is eternal and unchangeable, the various phrases by which that purpose is marked cannot be the tokens of a wavering mind; they are but the alternations of light and shadow which serve to enhance the beauty of the landscape over which they play, I'rin cipalilies and Powers may league themselves with the wisest and most mighty of the sons of earth to impede the advance of God's Truth, but it shall still pursue its onward way to final victory; and, trampling under foot the dead bodies of those who have dared to dispute its progress, shall continue its triumphant course parallel with the long ages of Eternity. And, if such be the issue of the conflict between Truth and Error, what encouragement is afiorded to all who know the Truth, to combine for its difiusion, and to cleave to each other with undoubt ing confidence and unabated love ! The enemy would divide and scatter, and by severing the various links of that chain which binds together the hearts of Christian brethren, would loosen the foundation of our faith, and dim the brightness of our hope, and shout for joy over the broken fragments of a love which ought to be strong as death. But your committee pray most earnestly that, as regards the hallowed spot In the field of Christian usefulness which it has been given them to occupy, peace and prosperity may still be its distinctive features. Thry have but one end in view, the free circulation of that blessed book which admits the sun&hine; of grace upon the realities of the present, and irradiates the future with a hope full of immortality. The work is great The time is short The need of those who are perish trig for lack of knowledge is urgent The ener gies of the Christian church require to be concen trated upon one, and one only point, that of winning souls to Christ Such the high and holy function to which your committee would devote themselves anew this day. Such the glorious end for the attainment of which they would invite the co-operation of all who love the Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity and truth. In the^ sufficiency of Divine grace, and in the strength which God has promised to supply, they pledge themselves to persevere in their glorious work, to maintain inviolate the principles involved in it, and never to desist from their noble enterprise until " all the ends of the world shall remember and turn unto the Lord, and all the kindreds of the nations shall worship before him," and " the whole earth shall be filled with his glory. Amen and Amen.1 O KKLONG AUXILIARY BIBLE SOCIETY.—J. E. MORRIS, TREASURER. 1862\. Du. £ s. d. To Balance from last year . ♦ 48 18 5 „ Collection at Public Meeting .. 12 8 7 » ,, Butisford .. 9 10 „ „ Queenscliff .. 2 12 7 ii >i Drysdale .. 1 12 3 „ Sale of Bibles, Sic .. 58 5 5 ,, Contributions as per list .. 42 9 I £175 7 9 1862\. Cn.-- - £ a. d. By Remittance to Parent Society, free donation .. 50 0 0 By Remittance to purchase account •• 50 0 9 " Premium on Bank draft .. 1-0-0 „ Commission on tnles at Depository . 4 15 3 „ „ to Collector .. ( 3 9 8 ,, Insurance of Stock ' -;•> ""''l '2 6 „ Printing Reports and Stationery '.. 10 8 0 „ Expenses of Deputations . . 4 19 6 „ Hire of Mechanics'Hall 4 , 4 0 „ Postage and I'etty Charges . . 3 4 10 Balance in Bank .. 42 4" 0 £175 7 9 The Secretary on reading the balance sheet, explained that it was the intention of tho Committee at once to r«mit L100, so that the balance is virtually a debt of L57 i6s* Moved by the Rev. A. Love, seconded by the Rev. George [Slade—" That the report now rend, and the Treasurer's statement, be adopted and printed." Jloved bv the Rev. J. H. Jackson, seconded by the iRev. J. K. Tucker — " That reviewing die present aspect of tjie world, wd tjje wonderful openings made by Providence for the circulation of the Scriptures, this meeting recognises an urgent (all to prayer, and increased efforts on behalf 01 the British and Foreign Bible Society." Moved by the Rev. A. J. Campbell, seconded by the ltev. J. Albiston—" That this meeting is thankful that a new agency has been commenced jn connection with this Auxiliary, in the formation 0f a Ladies' Association, and would in humble reliance on Divine aid, look for enlarged success as the result.' jtjoved by the Rev. Mr. Hopkins, seconded bv the Rev. Mr. Fraser—" That the following gen .» MM Vis» nnnninfpfl thr» mil no mJ Hffi— tlemcn uc Mj/jMJswavv* mi, uuiiiiiillcc unu v-/ince hearers for the ensuing year, with all Protestant Evangelical Ministers being subscribers:—Trea ,urerILj. R. .11 on is. Esq. Hon. Secretaries Rev. G. Goodman and James Port. Committee Messrs C. Andrews, J. G. Carr. J. Campbell. R. Clarke, E. Dunn. J. Guthrie, V. Gibliit, J. Gar rett S. Hunt, G. Stephen, J. Wood, and B. Wheatland, with power to add to their number." A vote of thanks to the Chairntau, J. {}. Carr Esq, was moved and seconded by the two secre taries, reference being made to the long connection of that Kentleman with the Auxiliary, and the valu able assistance he had rendered as secretary at more than one period. The collection in the room amounted to £7 10s. 