ppiurr-BAPPiSG. ?' A Dcswes of this World,' writing to the 7'»'m», of March 22, fiays :— Von have, expressed a wish tn examine witnosstf who have hsd '* expthcriec' in moaem -nttgic. Allow me to offer you some of ntrnc. Some vcars ago a medical friend gave me Reichciibach's book, which I read cire'fully, enticed l«y the author's scientific treatment of mysterious subjects. About the same time a near relation took, up mesmerism, and we tried to form an opinion. Slosmc rism. clairvoyance. dectro4)iology, and taMe-tuniinir had their torn, and now I have survived to meet a medium. I set out with the conviction that truth is -liscursred1 by investigation and experiment; tliat untrue witnesses arc found out by tik ill£ tli^m off their gnard ; and that p. detected shunt is a liad witness. If a man snys tliat | he. does not sec, or near, or feel, and shows I tint lie docs, no li.-i.rd swearing and iu- autho- ! ritycjin convince me that his senses are j absent; aad uothin-r short of demonstration ! ca:i prove that the senses are independent of j th«ir pi-opcr means. | Men see with eyes ; they must prove tUat i they see with tlu'ir elbo^rs. j My first s::pt:niati;ral acquaintance was * Alexis, and 1 confess that the roots of my i h:iir inovod uueomfortaMy when I saw him j (Jnyinrr teirtf with a liandageoverhiscycs: j but when the gymnastics beirau I rewvered. The patient. buing in {lie, rigid ttate. was set ia a chair, and a man stood on Via out stretched le,ss. Th.jy did not bend, but die wciiflil overbalanced Alexis, ami he, forget ting hiiiiKeU' iu .-i small matter, bent his ' rijiiJ' knees, got up, reseated himself, and sti'.oL out his legs once more. I did the same ia the next room. Thus the experiment was a fcjt of strength. Alexis, wlicn lie pre icnued to be mi-.smerie.iUy rigid, tried t« d? o'ive, and sl\ bis pn- secdiugs then ?tssiiuie-l the vAltio of *coiijurin-r tricks. Forexsmitlr. the card-TiUying nteltod into a code uf tiir nals. fur thn assistant looked into both lianvis. htI spoke Cduticually during the game. £ next s;»CDt some liours in a 'dark i~oom witii alar^c magnet, strinng earnestly tu j s :e ilic clcctiic fluid. I iiieir l-v suiiiuls i tViiit my eompanirta was mesmcr'isiritt la-s I ?11 the time, but ciierc was no result. '' Our ! experiments fttiled. su wo lield a keen fir-r u- j ineut. My friend at last poured out £.-:!!;? ' water, and. liohlin-; the glass in a paitieiiiiir i manner, said, - If 1 give tliat iscsinerii* fliii.l to anyone lu will sleep.' TIus could he tested; there was no drujr. so I drank the water, and did not sleep. My friend became a mesmerist but this experiment convineed 1 me dwt he habitually deceived himself, and many subsii-i«e.m experiments connnnc-i the ' conviction. But I have seen isiy friend eNercise £ii inflaence over another friend whiiih ninoimted to an -j-ci^^eraticit! of the power which Xapoleoa I. exercised over the nation which he commanded, but to nothing more. The most famous claino vant.- of her dny doscribed tlie symptoms of 'a su-k par son, and I wrote them don ji in sileueo tiJi the list covered maladies ; but when a com panion, who had been directed tj Veep silcn.-f. spoke ami asked a leading qu-Ktinn. the sitting became a misitiire of gije-si:i^ ; and of the game of Yes and NTo. All symp I toias were neglected liut those itiiliuited ? by ihe questioner, and there was no subse quent cure. At a public clertro-bioio-iieal meeting I. with some '20 others, stared h.-ird at bits of tin without any n-snit. Jiiit a man .if very si!s;iiei-ms exterior was affected, and he i wetit through all sorts of contortions at the word of command: but these mitfit be act«*L Finally, the patient was told that lie could . nut spc. and declared that he did not see the j caniltes. The operator, who was the most ; famous of his day. summoned the audience ; to examine the patient aud a medical suec-. tator did so with a candle.' The rigid, nn ] wi:iki!)g eyes, and the prim stony face of ; the !-i-tl«£ised nvre something to remember | but the doctor said quietly. 'The pupils ex i pand and contract freely under tho influence I of light.' There was still a chrmee-^tUe. muscles j might contract, thoujrh the man was anon ! scioiiB of the luminous cause: but the j nndlenca wore sceptical. Mill thi aii'TV ps , ticnt removed all doubt by shouting. -I : should liko to see you I war the c.indle as j near your eyes as I 'did without winking.' He had seen tlio candle, then. The wheat betrayed itself in a sm.-.ll matter, and soon after this the lecturer disappeared. On mentioning this incident to another famous Amcrii-an biologist who called himself ' Doctor.' he said that the retina ; expindiid and enntracted in voluntarily under i tlic influence of light. The medical sceptic said it was tlie pupil. Again, a mesmerised patient of a then well-known operator declared that she was unable to hear, lint a hard-hradrd medical | sceptic walked quietly about nmttcrin-r. ; 'How wflnderfnl !'* 'Howextraordinarv !' | 'Cannot hear!' Then, suddenly addiessing i the patient in the same tone, he said, ' You | can't hear at aJl, can 3-011 ?' - 3wo, Sir.' sail! i the girl. ' not a word.' Another patient. who could not feel, was slyly pinched ia a tender place by another doctor, and, being taken unawares, sprang up. exclaiming 'You ?hnit'iV' The doctor was ' jv.rf.-etlv s*ttis£ed,*' and so. within my experi- Mice, whenever the senses were tested the, won dersof nifismerism, clairvoyance, and cloctro hiology disappeared. A pwchsniral model cxfilained talilcturn in.ir. Hands laid on a scale weigh coisine rably, so they do when laid on the edec of a table, ou a hat, or on the spokes of a~ wind- lass. In liko mr.imor pens press upon the edge of a compass card when the points rest on it »nd the pens lean outwards asainst the aides of the case. It is very difficult thus to arrange a dozen of pens so evcnl v as not to turn tlie card one way or die other : and, if it moves ar all the whole system presses in one direction. AH the peas come to slope one way and push one way, and the card whirls round. And mi table-turning is but a mechanical force exercised itnemisci ously. When Faraday's index proved that fact table-tumiug went out of fashion, but it stil! survives in mental corners. Now we have a new phase of magic in spirit-rapping, aud I hold it to be a wicked imposture, trading npm the best affections and feelings of human nature. The me dium's charge confines his general andicnen to those whose family history is recorded in the JVenge and similar books. His pro (fesscd dealing with , dec-awed ftienite drawn those who snSbr nnd ' are least fitted to detect imposture. Grief, with its tearful eyes, trembling Jure, veneration, and blank wonder, arc ill fitted to cope with an im posture. Argument is useless where men wish to be deceived, but yet the cheat is transparent. Tlie whole fystem is based on tbe assertion that dead men's ghosts follow a medium; ihe most famous of thn tribe as sured me iu an unguarded moment, ihnt if he were haunted by a spirit, it would drive him mad. . The system of commnnieation is by raps. I saw tbe nns man rapping while Tie as serted that the Fpirit of my aunt was com municating with him by raps. I saw (Up r.msciiTar motion in one knurk'i' of bis right band which he masked with his left arai, and each muscular contraction an swered to each, sound as a pnnduinm answers to the tick of a clock. I tried thn experiment, and produced the Same sound by moving die same muscle, so as to j:rk the back of the nail of die fore-finger against a:i edge cat In the side of a pencil, the paint of wbicb was pressed hard against the table. When the medium said that my dead aunt rapped for him. and had no sympathy with me, and when be made an audible noise with a pencil, visibly 1-cfore my eyes, it was a bare- faced, wicked attempt to de ceive through human affections ; but when he did that which 1 had done that evening at flintier, and kicked up die whole table witii his knee, it was simply Indicroiis, and there was a general shout of laughter. 'When lie wrote with one. hand under Vhc! table, anS said it wive a spirit who wrote, be said the thj*ig_-j'h:ch. w.is nut, for I can write with one hand; aai generally it is. too Absurd to suppose tnat* room full of ghost* assemble- to inform their relations that tuey know .file ;monflijhi. which they died. Iiot'them isll ine Jiow to make my fcrt-ine Tione-jJlv.jno Twill try to taliwe Table-turning did little hai W U'ulll-]-l-)iMH-tBd' flirtation. Mesmerism 'r''J Tjjrnr if a man when biologized thiuks^imself p ptirap, and assumes die attitnde, that is life look-out; but spirit-rapping is different. IB the lirst ]-lnc**. it is obtaining money under false pretences : and in the seomtl, it lias tli i ven hundreds of Americans as mad as March hares. 1 appeal to yon. Sir, to use your pen to save our wits, to stir up the police, who arc ready enough to poiuicc upon the [wor gipsy who teijs fortunes, and s.i i-aiiis n fuw pence, bnt who let sHp these larger tish. who make fortunes out of huiaan weakness. 