IRELAND. THE LONGFORD ELECTION. We mentioned in our February number that in consequence of the appointment of Colonel Luke White to the Irish Lordship of the Treasury a writ had been issued for the county of Longford. The [ clerical party determined without loss of time to bring forward a candidate to oppose Colonel White's re-election. They summoned for this purpose Major Myles O'Reilly, the late commander of the Pope's Hibernian Contingent. The preparations for the contest excited extraordinary interest; and the events of the two polling days have scarcely been paralleled even in the history of Irish elections. The polling, which took place on the 4th and 5th March, resulted in the return of Major O'Reilly by a majority of 373. The Liberal organs of the Roman Catholic party were almost confounded by this result. The Dublin Evening Post deplored the defeat of Colonel White as marking the progress of " the alienation of Irish Catholics from the general Liberal party," and " as calculated to produce no practical result but the triumph of Toryism," the re-establishment of Orange ascendancy, and the exclusion of all Liberals and Catholics from the patronage of Government. The Post blamed the Government and Sir Robert Pool for provoking the priests to the struggle, but evaded the real casus íiclíi-tho policy of the government on the Italian question. Terrible accounts reached us through the newspapers of the intimidation and violence practised during the polling. Itwillbeseeu from our parliamentary report that there is reason to believe that these accounts rather under state that exaggerate the facts. The Dublin Evening Packet said :- ' At tho close of the poll the supporters of Colonel White had to be guarded home by dragoons, and were more than once during the day in imminent danger. When Major O'Reilly addressed his and the priests' suvla, his audience were a band of armed men armed with sticks,' which they had borne throughout the election effective weapons, which they would doubtless have employed to more serious purpose had the polling run more closely. Whether, under these circumstances, the election was a free and fair one, will soon be decided. The reporter of the Daily Express, relating what he saw and heard on the spot, states that the town of Longford was crowded with men armed with heavy bludgeons that the constabulary were drawn up almost in a continuous line to protect the friends of Colonel White; that the booths were scenes of uproar and confusion, and, tim'. Colonel White's voters on leaving were pursued and pelted with stones. Among other outrages he relates the following Several voters were in the house of a man named Walpole, near Granard; the house was attacked by a mob in the night and the electors were dragged out and beaten, so that some of them were deterred from voting next day in terror for their lives. In the town of Granard, it is stated, Inspector Homes was struck with a knife in the breast, which cut open his tunic, the blow being intended for one of Colonel White's voters. Mr. Barron, resident magistrate, was struck on the head with a stone, and severely cut. Major Rossendell, deputy lieutenant of the county, was' struck with a bludgeon. Alexander Scanlan was carried home, disabled by a blow on the head with a stone ol'Jib. weight, inflicting injuries which were near proving fatal. A. Montgomery had an eye nearly knocked out. It is alleged that in some parts of the county the organised mobs waylaid the voters, and compelled them under dreadful throats, to swear that they would not vote for Colonel White Major O'Rielly, in his speech at the close of the proceedings, said he did not like to see the sticks which his admirers, flourished, and when the proceedings commenced he warned them against violence. But if the above narrative is true, or anything near the truth, there would seem to be good reason to believe that it is to the sticks the gallant gentleman owes his election. The Dublin correspondent of the Times says that the accounts which have come to his hands representative intimidation, violence, and outrages to be such as utterly to destroy freedom of election, and reader the polling a farce : J [On entering the town of Granard, Col. White's agents were attacked by the mob, pulled off the cars, and severely beaten in presence of the priests. The military were called out, and succeeded in saving those gentlemen from the fury of the multitude. At Carrick grass several electors were severely beaten, two men being left almost dead from the violence to which they were subjected. The Rev. Mr. Gregg, a Protestant clergyman, was brutally assaulted, and had a narrow escape for his life. His son was burned by the mob and stoned. Colonel White's voters were stopped on the road by an infuriated rabble, and driven back with bludgeons. The tenants of Chief Justice Lefroy, proceeding in a body to vote for Colonel White, were so violently assailed that they fled for their lives. It is stated that houses have been wrecked and burnt. in the town of Longford the Dragoon Guards had to charge the riotous mob four times. In fact the intimidation has been so violent as to render the election null and void. i Many voters have purposely absented themselves. Others have been kidnapped and a great number were probably afraid to venture out at all to vote and no wonder, for they would do it at the risk of their lives. Colonel White has published the following address to the electors of Longford : Gentlemen,-I have to express my gratitude to those among you who had the courage (in many cases at the risk of your lives to record your votes in my favour. I had hoped that the antecedents of my family in Longford might have procured me a trial, and my well-known attachment to the principles of civil and religious liberty would have prevented the contest from assuming a character so lawless and disgraceful. But every species of violence and intimidation was put in force to prevent my return, and no candid mind can accept the result as the fair expression of freedom of opinion in the county. If the results were submitted to, there would be an end of freedom of election, and I, therefore, feel it my duty to you to endeavor, by every means in my power, to expose those practices of which I complain, and to restore to you the opportunity of selecting, undis- mayed by violence or faction, the representative of your choice. I am, gentlemen, your grateful and obliged ser wants j LUKE WHITe. Woodlands, March 7 At the declaration of the poll, the sheriff, Mr. Walter Nugent, son of Sir Percy Nugent, a Roman Catholic gentloman.said:-"I have to thank you all for the quietness which you have exhibited during this whole time, and, although there was a strong military force in this town, I am happy to say their services were not required." He had previously published a letter to the newspapers, denying that there was any violence or intimidation. Major O'Reilly in his speech on the same occasion spoke to the same effect stating that the oldest inhabitant never witnessed a contested election more peaceably conducted. AU This reads strangely beside Colonel White's address, the speech of the Chief Secretary in the House of Commons, and the newspaper accounts quoted above. In the inquiry and prosecution which are promised the truth will be found. The following is extracted from a letter in the ' Morning News' The order has gone forth, and now all is hurry, bustle, and confusion. Magistrates and police scour the country in every direction in search of the phantom violence, who worked such deeds of terror on voters and non-electors. Only a week ago and these magistrates saw nothing, heard nothing but peace and quiet. A word from Sir Robert and they are enlightened. Not an old woman in the country but must be dragged from her home and sworn did she see the phantom stipendiaries bit in permanence. Depositions are gathered by the bushel. Old men and boys, old women yea, I saw a poor turf-seller and his donkey (the donkey, I suppose was not sworn) dragged before the magistrate here and sworn to tell whether they saw the violence. Seriously, Mr. Editor, what are we to think of this mockery of law this straining and striving of the government officials to make black white to find proofs of violence that did not exist j to hunt after a phantom that nobody saw nobody heard ? Sir Robert says there was violence ; therefore they must find a, fictitious, if not a real ground for his assertion. Hence the ghost hunt through the country after a phantom that nobody saw, though Sir Robert swears it must be caught and prosecuted. [Colonel White's friends believe that they will have no difficulty in obtaining the strongest evidence of the intimidation exercised at Longford. Capt. O'Donnell, the resident magistrate, has already taken the informations of several voters on the subject.] 