ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. To the Editors of the Maitland Mercury. GENTLEMEN-You might perhaps squeeze my lucubra- tions into a corner of your journal this time, though I have no desire to show off in newspaper correspondence, like some of your correspondents do-but to no purpose but to call each other everything but gentlemen. I shall only give a run over the principal topics or rather gossip, of this secluded locality. The first in order, I think, is the fearful state of the roads; but the way here is everyone to get out of bog as best they can— no further consideration. But, gentlemen, I am inclined to think a law could be made that would work satisfactorily in repairing public thoroughfares, running through tracts of cultivation lands, on something of the same basis or principles of this proposed Drainage Act. I may be only dreaming, but I fancy I could see, if I had had time for the consideration of matters of this kind, a scbeme for the framing of an act for these bye-roads. The roads here are in a deplorable state, people cannot leave their houses but they are bogged in mud-holes. It was only yesterday I assisted in extracting a carriage from one of these Sloughs of Despood. Well, what of our Government roads ? I only wish Mr. Sadleir, member for the Lower Hunter, had stuck a score times in the mud-holes when up lately, giving an imaginary account of his stewardship— so that it would rouse him from his drowsiness. We would think from his blowing, when asking our suffrages, that ere now he would have shiploads of Aberdeen granite on the way out, to pave the roads in the Raymond Terrace district. Pray, after all, what has he done ? I hear he has got the enormous sum of £50, for some road-probably for the use of the bandicoot in the wilderness. Next in turn comes high rents, some £2 to £3 per acre, and no crops, as is the case on a well known estate down here. The circumstances of many reminds me of the rhyme about the soldier. It runs thus — " Happy is the soldier that lives on his pay, And spends half a-crown Out of sixpence a day." What can people do? The land is ruined for want of draining, the landlord will not drain it, nor allow any- thing to tenants for doing so, and they are something of what Sandy said to the sailor-thus, ' l am Hieland and Hieland enough , but I am nae sae Hieland as all that " They are not so simple as all that; to drain the land, put it in good order, and then quit, or perhaps pay 10s. an acre more rent. Pardon me if I think these freaks are natural to some specimens of the human race-to their own injury. Now that I am on the drainage question, let me ask honorable members to consider this point in the ques- tion, thus —providing I open a drain for my own use, at considerable expense and labor, in cutting, securing, and keeping it always clean ; does this Drainage Act compel me to let water of neighbouring lands run into my drain, opened at my own expense, ere this Act passes. Perhaps the drain being no more than sufficient to carry the water off my own land, clear of the surface, any additional water will cause it overflow my land, to the ruin of my crops. Let me ask members to consider that, and see if their trifling tax per acre would compensate me in labor and loss of crops. Another subject rife amongst settlers is David Bu- chanan's undertaking to break the back of that vile monopoly existing in the river trade, with the two com- panies. I hope he shall succeed. But I am thinking Davie shall find the adage of Dr. Johnson too true-that " Saying and doing are two different things " Now, Messrs Editors, before concluding let me tell yon we have seen the ghost of Captain Mulhall in com- mand of that fine steamer, the Prince of Wales. Of course it could not be Mulhall in the flesh, as your tele- graphic correspondent in Sydney tells us that his spirit had taken its flight to sail on in the unfathomable space beyond the confines of the grave. Some ten days ago he would have people believe hay was up to £10 and £12. So much for his veracity. I must pull up , I shall weary you out. Should you give this a corner in your paper, you will oblige. Your humble servant, ANONYMOUS. Miller's Forest, May 27. 