Shoalhaven. (Per fovor of the 14 Illawarra Mercur*.') No. li Some ages ago— for every month's delay in tlio execution of public works of pressing necessity anil importance constitutes an age— therefore, I am justified in saying some ages ago, a vote of £GOOO was passed for tlio construction of a dredge, and all ; necessary appurtenances thereunto belonging, in * order to clear away the rapidly accumulating obstruc tions to the fron linvitTfltirtll nf on,, vfvn.. n,..l ..l,.,,.„l. all were in high and confident expectation of having [ the flats in tlie channel swept away. Jlonths passed ' I. on, 110 sound or tidings of the dredge ; nt length wo were informed that an American gentleman of some i influence at head quarters, who rightly entertains some love for this district, and still greater lovo for | the inventions, works, and notions of Yankee mechanicians than he has for those in Australia, r suggested to tbo Minister for Public Works that ? there was a newly invented dredge in America nt I work on the rivers there, which he thought would j. be better suited to Shonlhaven than any other. Tho I suggestion was good and well meant, and very |-; property, both upon the score of economy and efli- * ciency, supposing the representation to prove cor; ? rcct, tho Jlinistor authorised a model or [dan to bo y ?; sent for. After some six months' waiting it arrived, ' but, alas, oil critical examination, was found to 1x5 1 unsnited to our purpose, and thu3 ended the first J chapter of accidents. What timo elapsed before j opening the second chapter the organs or hook of ministerial revelations hath not informed us, but f time rolled on, Jlr, Arnold appeared to have his night-cap 011 or to he indulging in day dreams, in V ? the mists of which not even tho ghost of our dreilgo . J appeared to him ; and all this t imo our banks of mud - and sand are increasing. At length wc achieved tho 5 honor of having a Minister of the Crown to be our representative in Parliament, and at once the mora \ sanguino of our politicians of all shades and grades, ® and tiioso who boliJvc in tho dredge and nothing but \ tlio dredge, becausc having the high recommendation it of the Engineer-in-Chief, jumped to the conclusion l- that wc should soon hear something practical being |?;Jj initiated through his influence; and, lo, so it was. i, i An order was given to build the dreilgo after the fe most approved fashion, with machinery tbo newest i V nml most efficient, with all the latest improvements. ? So far, those who favor this moiio of improving our navigation have no just cause to complain ; in dua ; i course ol tunc — lor Sydney — tno urcugo is mini, ; ; launched, floated, and looks a living thing on tlio 7 ; waters of Port Jackson, for slio lias taken her trial g trip, exhibiting her paces, and the case and grace, i/ and nicelianical working of her various limbs ; ft,,- laudations, loud, long, anil hasty, asccnd to the liigli it Heaven 'mid a royal salute of popping chainpagna f . corks and tho sparkling cfforvesccnce of that glorious a ; tipple — for many forget to quaff the nectar in its g ? merry mirth — tho press proclaimed to tho admiring, 9 ' if not wondering world of Australia, the great sue- * ' cess; and bets— aye, and odds — were freely offered gJ licrc that within two months from tho dato of tlio pj launch the lnrcro sea-coiug steamer would triumph- ||i antly and uninterruptedly steam up and safely mcor ® alongside Adam's Wharf. Alas, how vain ami too m sanguino tlie prophecy ; the fond wish was father to |j| the thought, and pity 'tis, 'tis truo, for Jlr. Dalglcisl:. Bp nobadjudgo, 'tis said, of such niattors, has sent It Jp forth from his placo in Parliament that the Shoal* Jjfe liavoii dredgo is ' now found to bo useless,' and tfr Honorable tho Minister of Public Works admits tlio ||| not over soft impeachment, for in mora measured £|| words ho admitted that ' it is defective ;' and tl 1 * ends the second chapter or accidonts. What next! in my next. §§5 G. U. A. m 