CRICKET. TWENTY-TWO OF UNITED NEW SOUTH WALES AND VICTORIAN CRICKETERS AGAINST ALL-ENGLAND ELEVEN. [FROM OUR SPECIAL REPORTER.] THIS interesting match had originally been arranged to have been commenced on Thursday the 16th instant. Owing to continued heavy rain until the afternoon of that day the ground was unfit to be played on, and it was, therefore, agreed that, to give a chance of finishing it on Saturday, play should com- mence at ten o'clock, and that the stumps should not be drawn until seven o'clock on each day. On Friday the weather was as fine as could be wished ; and the ground, though somewhat dead, in beautiful order. The All-England Eleven won the toss ; and, to the surprise, and no little to the satisfaction of the United Eleven, elected to send them in first. On the side of the Victorians two changes had taken place - Hopkinson and O'Mullane appearing instead of J. B. Thompson and Stewart, who had been obliged to leave Melbourne ; and on the New South Wales side Deane being substituted for Newcombe, who had returned to Sydney. Mudie, who had not yet entirely recovered the hurt he received in the first match, stood umpire for the All-England ; and P. C. Curtis for the United. Valentine and Ryan were the scorers. PLAY. At twenty minutes to eleven, Park and Marshall appeared at the wickets to the bowling of Iddison and Bennett ; Iddison taking the ball at the end furthest from the grand stand, and delivering it to Marshall, who cut his second into the slips for three, Bennett's third to cover for one, and played Iddison's first to leg for another. He then cut Bennett's second to cover, and started, but "steady" from Park warned him to return, the ball being finely fielded by E. Stephenson. The last ball of the fourth over by Bennett broke back and took Marshall's wicket, after a quarter of an hour's stand ; and, with only 5 to his name, he retired in favour of Bryant. One wicket for 5 runs. Park drew Iddison's second for a double, and Bryant hit Bennett's last to leg through the fence for four. The telegraph here an- nounced 10 runs. Park played Iddison's first to leg for one, cut Bennett's first to cover for one, slipped Iddison's second for two, and cut his last into the slips up to the fence for four. Bennett bowled a maiden to Bryant, and Iddison one to Park. Bryant by playing Bennett's first to leg scored a single, and the telegraph recorded 20. Park made a nice hit to square leg off Bennett's second for a couple. Bryant poked Iddison's first towards the umpire, and called to Park, but he would not come, and a run was lost, and a maiden placed to Iddison's account. Park played Bennett's second in the same way, and Bryant stole a run safely and well. Park then played Iddison's first high in the slips. Mortlock tried for the catch, but it was out of his reach and a single was run. Iddison's third, Bryant played on to his wicket, and he made way for Moore, having only succeeded in placing three on the scoring paper. Two wickets for 24 runs. The last ball of Iddison's over, Moore skied towards short leg. Mortlock made a rush and tried for the catch, but the sun was full in his face and he missed it, and a single was run. Moore again gave a chance in the slips off Bennett's first, but it was a little too high, and he made a single, adding another for a leg- hit off his second, and three for a fine drive to long- on off Iddison's last, and one for a cut past point off Bennett's second. 30 shewn on the telegraph. In playing forward at Iddison's last, Moore raised his right foot a couple of inches ; this was quite enough for H. H. Stephenson, who whipped off the bails like lightning, and sent him to the right about with a score of 8, consisting of one three and singles. His place was filled by Mace. Bennett gave Park a maiden over, and Mace cut Iddison's last sharply to the off, the ball bounding off point's head ; two runs were made for this hit, but one being declared "short," only a single was recorded. Park played Bennett's first to point, for one, and Mace hit his third over point's head for a couple. Iddison's fourth was declared a "no ball" by the umpire ; his last Park cut past point for a single. Park's steady play here caused a change in the bowling, and Sewell was put on at Bennett's end ; Park scoring two for a draw off his third. Mace hit Iddison's second up to leg, but no one was there to avail himself of the opportunity, and one was run. Sewell bowled Mace a maiden. Park now hit round at Iddison's third ball and unfortunately placed it in the hands of Mortlock, thus terminating an excellent innings of just an hour, during which he made a four, four twos, and six singles, by good steady play. Four wickets for 41 runs. Huddlestone succeeded. Mace played Sewell's third under his leg towards the umpire for a single well stolen by Huddlestone, and then received a maiden from Iddison. Sewell's first went off Huddlestone's hand into the slips for a single ; Mace cut his last to point, over whose head it bounded, for another, and then played Iddison's second to mid-on for one, and his third Huddlestone drove over the bowler's head for three. Sewell's first, Huddlestone drew rather high and made one, and Mace by another draw off his second did the same. 50 recorded on the telegraph. Want of decision now cost Huddlestone his wicket. Mace having played Iddison's third to mid-off ran : Huddlestone called to him to stay, and he returned ; but seeing that the ball, sharply thrown in by Caffyn, was not taken by the wicket-keeper, he again started, and called to Huddlestone, who responded, but did not succeed in making the wicket before it was put down. His score of 5 was made by a three and two singles. 5 wickets for 50 runs. Kettle now took his stand at the wicket. Mace played Sewell's second to mid-on for one, and Kettle slipped his fourth for another, and then made a pretty cut past cover-point up to the fence for four. Sewell bowled Mace a maiden, and Iddison did the same to Kettle. Sewell's second Mace hit to mid-off for one. Iddison's fourth was a wide ; but his last made amends, for the ball, striking Mace on the glove, was caught by Laurence in the slips, after defending his wicket for three quarters of an hour, and scoring 10 runs, only one of which was a double. 6 wickets for 58 runs. The field now re- tired for five minutes. On their return they found N. Thompson at the wicket. Kettle played Sewell's third to mid-off for one, and Thompson slipped his last for a couple. 60 runs announced by the tele- graph. Iddison's first, hit between point and mid-off, was bungled by Caffyn, and Kettle scored two. Sewell bowled Thompson a maiden. Kettle cut Iddison's first between point and slip for a double. Bennett now resumed the bowling at Sewell's end, and bowled Thompson a maiden, which Iddison repeated to Kettle. The third ball of the forty-sixth over, a maiden from Bennett, proved too good for Thompson, who resigned in favour of Wardill. 7 wickets for 65 runs. Kettle cut Iddison's second past cover point for three, and played Ben- nett's first to third man, for which and two over- throws (!) he scored three. Off Iddison's fourth Kettle made a fine leg hit through the fence for four. Wardill cut Bennett's fourth between point and slip for a couple. Another change in the bowling was now thought desirable, and Griffith received the ball from Iddison. His first was driven forward, just out of his reach, by Kettle, for three ; and for his next a leg-bye was run. 80 runs made. Wardill cut Ben- nett's first between point and slip for a couple ; his second he hit up to short leg, but no one was there, and one was made. The third, Kettle hit to leg for four. Wardill drew Griffith's first to short leg for a single, and then committed suicide, for having cut Sewell's first to cover point, instead of leaving Kettle to call on him, he called on Kettle, and ran ; Kettle seeing the ball going straight to E. Stephenson, very properly re- fused, and Wardill, being umable to recover his ground, had the mortification of seeing his stumps knocked down. This was entirely his own act, resulting from over anxiety to score, and was much regretted, for everyone was desirous to see this fine young player make a good score. His score of 7 was made by two twos and singles. 8 wickets for 89 runs. Gilbert now appeared to defend the stumps, and received the last three balls of Sewell's maiden over. Griffith and Sewell each gave a maiden, the former to Kettle, the latter to Gilbert. Griffith's fourth, Kettle played rather high in the slips, and a single was run. Gil- bert here indulged in a little "hanky-panky," rather dangerous with such opponents. Sewell bowled Kettle a maiden. The last ball of the fifty-ninth over from Griffith, Gilbert cut very sharply among the slips, and E. Stephenson, who was third man, made a brilliant catch, and dismissed him without allowing him an opportunity for scoring. 9 wickets for 90 runs. George Curtis now joined Kettle, but lost his companion at the third ball of the sixtieth over from Sewell, which he spooned up towards mid-on into the hands of Laurence, after a very fine stand of above an hour, during which he succeeded by excel- lent play in increasing the score by 28 runs, consist- ing of three fours, the same number of threes, two twos, and singles. Ten wickets for 90 runs. Costick faced Curtis, who hit Griffith's third to leg for a single ; his last, Costick touched, and it escaped through the slips for three. "Steady, Sam," from the M. C C. Pavilion. Two maidens followed, the first from Sewell to Costick, the last from Griffith to Curtis ; but in this a leg-bye was run. Sewell's first well hit by Curtis to leg, only obtained a couple, the ball being finely fielded by Iddison. At the second ball Sewell stopped short in the act of delivery ; why was not apparent ; if it were to entrap Costick, it was unsuccessful as he did not leave his ground. Curtis hit it up to short leg, and, no one being near, added one to his score. He then hit Griffith to leg for another, and gave Costick an opportunity of scoring one off Griffith's fourth by a forward drive to the on, 100 were now telegraphed, amid much applause. Sewell bowled Costick a maiden. Curtis hit the last ball of the 67th over, a maiden by Griffith, up to mid off, and gave Iddison a chance ; Iddison never refuses, and Curtis had to make his exit with a double and three singles to his name. Eleven wickets for 100 runs. Captain Ward came next ; five maidens followed. Caffyn, who had relieved Sewell, took Ward's wicket the last ball of the seventy-second over. He retired without having added to the score, and Makinson took his place. Twelve wickets for 101 runs, Costick cut Griffith's first among the slips for a single, and drove Caffyn's first past the bowler for three. A leg-bye was run off Griffith's first. Makinson cut his third between point and slip through the fence for four, and drew his fourth prettily for a couple. A leg-bye was run off Caffyn's second. Costick hit Iddison's second and third forward to long on for four and one respectively, and by a leg hit, finely stopped by Griffith, added a couple to the score off Caffyn's third. 120 recorded by the telegraph. Iddison was now put on to try the effect of his slow underhand balls, and bowled Makinson a maiden. Costick hit Caffyn's last past mid on for four. Makinson drove Iddison for a single, and Costick hit his last to square leg for another. After a fine innings of three- quarters of an hour, during which by resolute hard hitting, accompanied by good steady play, Costick made twenty runs, Caffyn suc- ceeded in reaching his wicket with a shooter, the first ball of the eighty-second over. His score numbered two fours, two threes, one two, and singles. Thirteen wickets for 126 runs. Rowley, who took his place, had a very brief tenure of office, being beautifully caught by Laurence at short slip off the fourth from Caffyn, who had the credit of taking two wickets in one over. Fourteen wickets for 126 runs. Butter- worth brought in his bat next, but lost his companion immediately, Makinson, after hitting Iddison's third to mid on for a couple, being run out, after having made nine runs, by a four, two twos, and a single, in thirty-five minutes. Fifteen wickets for 128 runs. The bell now summoned the players into lunch. An hour having been spent in the banqueting tent, on play being resumed, Sadler was seen fronting Butter- worth, who commenced his career by making a very neat cut off Caffyn's first between point and slip for three, causing 130 to be placed on the telegraph, fol- lowed by a nice hit to leg, off Iddison's last, for a couple, and, after a maiden to Sadler from Caffyn, by another hit to leg off Iddison's third for a single. Sadler lollowed by a leg hit off his fourth for two ; and Butterworth hit Caffyn to leg for a single. Iddison and Caffyn each gave a maiden. The former gave up the ball to Griffith, who lowered Butterworth's wicket at his second ball. Butterworth's score was seven - a three, a two, and two singles - all obtained very neatly. Sixteen wickets for 137 runs. Hopkinson took the remainder of the over ; but before he had an opportunity of doing anything, had a change of partners, Sadler being finely caught by Wells at point off Caffyn's third, after he had made one double and one single, Conway taking his place. Seventeen wickets for 137 runs. Hopkinson received a maiden from Griffith, but again saw himself left solus, the second ball of the ninety-fourth over from Caffyn having displaced Conway's stumps before he could contrive to make a run. Eighteen wickets for 137 runs. Deane now came forward to try his luck. Griffith's third struck Hopkinson on the leg, and a bye was run. Hopkinson got hold of Caffyn's first, and by a fine cut past cover point, placed three on the scoring books, and then had a very nartow escape from losing his wicket, only saved owing to Bennett returning a ball badly to the wicket-keeper, played by Deane to mid-off. Had it been thrown in in the usual form of the English cricketers, Hopkinson would not have had the ghost of a chance. As it was, Deane scored one ; but at the next ball - the first of the ninety-seventh over \- from Griffith, was finely caught by Laurence. Nineteen wickets for 142 runs. O'Mullane next pre- sented himself. Hopkinson hit Caffyn's third to leg for four, and then, after a maiden from Griffith to O'Mullane, cut Caffyn's first among the slips, and ran. O'Mullane shouted to him to stay, but had H. H. Stephenson taken the ball, nothing could have saved him. Caffyn's third Hopkinson slipped for three, and was then bowled the last ball of the 101st over by Griffith, having added a four and two threes to the score in about half-an-hour, making room for Kinloch. Twenty wickets for 149 runs. Caffyn's second ball struck O'Mullane on the pad, but the umpire decided that he was "not out." A leg bye was run, and brought up the score to 150 ; two maidens followed, when Kinloch hit Caffyn's third to square leg for three. Three more maidens, were bowled, and then Caffyn, who had discovered O'Mul- lane's weak place, got a ball into his wicket. This finished the innings of the united eleven. Their total score was 153 - a very creditable number, considering the bowling to which, they were opposed. Kinloch had the honour of carrying out his bat. 