WÁ'SLSYAN M/íil-IOJíS. The anniversary sermons ni behalf of tho Mel- bourne branch cf tho Wt6le)an Methodist Mia s onar) Socicl) of Australasia wero proached on Sunda), in Wt«lty Church, Lonsdale street, hy tho Rev John rtgleston, the central »cero nry of tbo society J ait m"l t tho annual public meeting waa held, m the sim. place, ind was pros d<.d over by His Excelleicy llio Governor of V etona There aas a good ¡it ci dar ce. The nroccediugs heviir,' bceu connunieu with prrvor, His E\eriLENC\ -ddrcssea tho mci m g al follows -It giles me, I um ".«? u-c )ott, very m iccre pleasmo to be eillid ii|Wii to | resido to- night at iho iniiLil mee nig of \our Wtshyan, Mis loamy Socict). 1 havo t'ni)s loiltelupou the mis» io i causo as c-iniiion crotinl ou which all dtuouiiuauoiis of Chiisiiaus can met-I will not say mere!) ni li ncutrmty, lu. ni h tho utmost pcssiblo hurmoiy .it ti (. lod ft el lit». (Herr, hear ) Wo c-n hive bjt on oljrct in Mew in prca-lung the f-o-pil of C ris*., m su lpli c tv aid jiiiri ), lo thu luaihni Wo ure eil, na ti iv thtmnelies Êomelinun cill us, "inn ot tho Book," ive nil demo to lim,» tin m to the laoti ltdgo of Ho H h'fl, un I it e,ii mattei I it very lit le to the true Glin-, ian «heber ' is the Wea- le) in, or tho Banu t, ot ihn er its oí aty of tho Oi urch of Ln/J md i bo iff ets lb ir co-\iision. (?«.ppleuse ) To trose vi ho m cjnverted, »hellier it be of Pi u!, or of Apollo-^ or Cephas, it mitlers not, as wo lerw from '-priplnro 1 rtlf, so long as li e) bo (r tlv ot Cb ist (Uno, h ir ) On tho effort», of tho We Icjan mi stun tries m tho Southern PticiUc h nu ny» If F/eoiully always looked ruth the i tmn Induire, it n fe nreiricni bermin) bo)'i jod tcauu giutbtlii dupe tintircst tho account of the food the) t ffcctt da» Itarotonga a d tho I'M ud!) I l»ids, and I 1 .10 wptehed t a later mie 'he wood rfn! tiebnvetiionts thoy li ivj sueccdctl 11 r-cctitnpli lung » ten subjugat- ing tbo tui e 1 atnts of tin Fijia 1 Archip lago to the go'p 1 of p»ic 1 hal 0 ulm js cjnudcrcd that 1 trm r ! eiei»n-a gren or Ec'f eveliou iv es din/lu) ed t) mir) of those 1111 iirt aries thin n J ci^i rho 111 by the vi rim up^n tho bit le held ( ipplni se ) Si me ot tliem h-ne sank on tie lui lui Ibu c tuse of their laser, »omi, »u ñ'r CiHei', Mr \\\ ii u 11«, ni ii oliera whoso nit! ci do not occur to mo t tho lnoiucut, ire Hill i live, and sti'l ihnto our est em aud i,rititulc (Hear, beni ) I ara not stiro thit tim mw not bj present hno to 11,,'it 301110 of tbo 0 who baie them- selves labotin d in tho cruise 11 ho gospel a nong the L jis anil e.t ensl tnds of the Smthern Pic Ik O uti denfliiun itiotis ir Uhr shuns otlur bnuch n rf tho Churcl of Christ, puliipi, 1 ou^Ut more pm/urly to sa) -lu io til o iluso then »-hare in tina coid v t ric Firm; inn pirti. 1 rrjoteii to thiuk iluit ton C-iuich e t hi /.laud, of w Inch I an a nu ubi-, 1 ts ti tv s taken its share , and th it there hu I eel», I Inline, a par- ti ion effetid btttvicu io tod nth r Gh- istnn bodies in tbo truest split of Cliisinn libo rilli,, md t! it Um Cb ireh of E / lind has done its put in n 'lei portiou of that vast arcuipolap-1 of tvhteli I li tie spikcii Lut ibero is this pceiiliniil) with IOL.UI ' to th Wes- ley in M SJIOIIIU) boa t)-of it 1 appeal to night an j 1 novot itt, I rio) sav -ubi d ne fir moro th in no members of tho Church of Ena! nul m \1iet1 lu eui p-cti 111 to hno a lueved , fur, WiiiKtoti mtisbious uro mil i!v-.nppoc ed I ) tho 1 cop'c at home, indie eivc btu 1 mu ill amount of a IM mee, I rc.it' to MI, from the members of tho Church of Dn"'i 11 in t ins colo ) lit 1 Wes lo)iin hive, in tho no! I t «nd in t lincrul iv ly, fur (.any jcus pint, I b luve, e ntrt ititi J tho matnpir of iho fun 1 nq 11 il f 1 tho mipi ort of til lrnis tinsinthi nciehioiirii g areliq el igo. All hoiour to them for their i ohio xiHionsin tliHciuso' ( Vpplati«p ) 1 trust that what thoy have tlono will h no the tffei t of pinol mr their bictl len of the Courcb 1 f ii igh nd 11 c, md works in the same'd 100 tot, 11 ti th it »r , 1 U ., sbill bo found n it b bud 111 Iii laLO which is set beforo lis (Hui, bur) M mi li It, I c iii 01 !y con- gratulate tho Weslc) 11 bod) upon ih noble effort they havo in ii« 1 ctn 011) vu h tilt m 'God speed" in tin -»or!» th v li no ' 1 titi, and I shall üovv ut down, md call 11,111 iii j Bul I trj to riad the rcpuit of tho mtssio 1 proceed in/,« of tho pmt )tir, Hld Ile v )ou to Ils on ti thoso vi ho tv ill addrtss you, m tit moro huon hil/ e th ml possess, upon «hat I as been eiieettd dunn., that period ( \ppliusti ) The It-v W iiUL one of tlnn cn tunes, then read thu report, *hi h lim of iv sitisfsic my aid encouraging ebalac cr It st i ed that the Aus- tralian We leijaii ii i sion he I embrni el tho oolotij of New Z'a'ud, the F.undlj Idandfl, and tbo Fiji groups , n id that the expnidituro in connexion with the i asuman vv rl. durn g Ihn j i» sr lui been £11,117 10- 2 I , mid the toeeipts £10,03118'. 5d , linn» a balane of U,0')2 11s. ?U to bo "-anted I t o puent M ci"lj m Lon- don A v d tibio evidci c6 tf ibo su ecu ot theso missions was aﬀorded by the fact that they were galunllj bicoiimg bum of £3 Tub Ü«. J Id , pritjcpaiy r, lid by tbo Bald of oil, bal bun cou'rilmt d by tho mino churches to the funds of .ho mission during tho jear Tim oil cot tubut el bj Iho nativis of tbo rner.ul. Islands i milne, d i 2 087 'H 41. mid th it fro i T ]i, J.9S1 17s , in addition to which the» Ihuiidlv lsl nid c lurches suit £200 worth of oil, top oudo slates and uhnp 1 fittings, aid the FIJI minis contributed £52 101 lid. f ii a numhi r of Rib! s, »hi -h sutil li d 11 cn re- mitted to tho Bulish nut! Fini) ii UibhiSicoty. Tho i epai t gave a di tailed necotitit of tin posi- tion and prospects of tin vu lou i portons ot tbo mishion held lu «pcnkiii" of F JI, u «ta ed that tho misiion theio bil suffered a ii vorn loss m tbi-di nth of Ibu Rov J Pulglisi Tin uititipatcd nttiiohitient of Fijt to the Brit li G /eminent, ti (-ether vv iib. bo peculiar adaptation of i o boil for tbo growth of oottoujienilcrcd itspicscnt Mato critical and niipor nut It «is I j io menus improbable that this southern archipi 1 vg<> might jet become of permanent value in tim Fiji fslands thu society had <\vn ciietius, coiitiiiinig IOS chapjlb, an I 102 othor pria hug j'teos; thoro WHO also 10,321 dill and nccr.ililid churoll mumbors, and up s u Ja of b0,000 constant n tendants upon public worship Alihougli tho past tear bad not li en marked by any ltrgo in-gatheriii«fi from th i heitth»n popul iii n, yet tho missionaries repr.itud tint the j tar hid been si.nabrcd bv tho com »linn'power of lim Holy Ghost, hy tin sifting of thu chtntl, uni by tho establishment of Gun »tinnitv vftci rcr.dmgit sttttemi nt uf tho ngprtgat i numbu nf n i lonary it liions, .Vo . in connexion with tim Weili-vau Missionary Sucre ty, tilitch also nuiitiiited that tho meo i e of tho parent society in L mil m dur- ing the past j ni amounte 1 to U10 fi7l), Air. Hill concluded by st ii np that the ti.nl mun i used by tho Mello uno auxiliary during tho jo ir amounted o ¿2,100 (Appliusu) A résolu i in, tuen mg thu ade p ion of tho ro port, und other resolutions, thanking G 11 fur tho success which bad attended miasionurj ) ibiuirs, »u,l pledeiu the mi, in g io int-rcn'tri effort» ni behalf of tho eausu, vveio htihsrqutmtly moved, seconded, mid carrin! unanimously Tho sp akers included the Rev J Wutkui, the Rev T B. HiriiR, tbo Rev. 8 Rsbono (president ef Iho Wisleyin CoufeiiMiio of Australasia), thj Rev. J. Elliston, fho Kjv W. William», nnd tbo Rev. D J Dr.p r. A io o of thi.nks «as accorded to Sir II B ukly for presiding, and thu proeetdinni tcrmnatcd abnur ton o'elock ft wi H annoiti cod (heit tbo collections ifter tho soi mons on Sunday a uoiiiilcd to about .fci'l, mid ii collection duiing ho meeting realized £22 10s., milking a total of upwards of ¿01 SNAKES AND POULTRY.- An Italian, named Nun, iht- other thij found one of his foal« dead, aud, from api cirâmes, ho thought a snake baa tit en »Ins murdi'iir Thin was tendered certain the ne\t day, vvhun he saw a Cochin China cock struggling violentlj', and just as ho made up to the foil, alargo ('lamond siinko quiclclj unpuilcd itRt If from poor chanticleer'« nock, and make off. Tin» cock died, mid tho owner was mortilie-l that bo had unt desirojed the dcBttojer, Yebtorday hu bad that satisfaction, us, on coming lo the door, he iiiw tbo sniko Ijirg, appareil ly overcome hy tho beat, nt full It until, opposite to tho door. A vpiiceful blow with a stiele settled tho snake, which was found to ii.ei.Huro nearly (ivo feet in length,-Ttirrcnuoncr Tunes, Jen. 10. jviARROW ESCAPE pito.ti A DIS tsrnous FrRE. -On Wednesday Jindu, about fiirm o'clock, an alarm was given that Mr. Peulor's rtabh', at S Heaton, was on lire. Tho H'tsUo was full of horse» at tho tuno, mid the flumes tint wero using from (bo sttaw beddiug proventrd any one venturing to t,et lim lioi»cs out until tln-ro bud b-cn a quantity of wuttr throat! into the stable. Thorn linppoiic'd to bn about 100 hierveslmon nt iho Cumberland Hotel nt the timo, and tiny all lent thoir assistance When tho liol ses nero got out, it was found lint tuo of them wore Bcveroly burnt. Tho (ire was cuiscd by one of limmen neglecting 'o usn tim lantern, no had stuck tho candió against the iluision-postst During his absmce it is snppised that tho borve ki oeked tho candle down minn'iit tho bedding under hi« foot.-Creswick Athtrlhcr, Jan. 10 MINER KILLED - The district coroner held an inquest on Thursday, on the body of James Hosking, aged forty-nine. The deceased was killed while in a drive 200 feet below the surface, in the St. Mungo claim, by the falling in of some loose stone which he was breaking out. About three tons of stone fell on him. It was very loose and uncertain, and it appeared that no blame could be attached to the management. ßendigo Advertiser, Jan. 11. "fJSif.*T--Two nuggetSjWeii'lilug respectivo!»/ fifteen ounces and thirly-two ounces, worn this week found on olio of the old leads in the Terron gowor district, near Newstead,-Tarrengower Tinta, Jan. 10. ? ' * 