THE DIVORCE BILL THE OPINION OF A ROMAN CATHOLIC PRELATES. To the Editor of the Herald. Sir-As every member of society must feel an interest in the discussion of the question now before the Legislative Assembly regarding " The Divorce Bill, I beg to send you, for publication, a few extracts, on the marriage contract, taken from the writings of the Right Rev. Dr. George Hay, a loomed Scotch prelate of the last century. He explains in a clear and convincing manner the doctrine of the sacred bond of marriage, as held from the very introduction of Christianity, and draws all his conclusions on the indissolubility of marriage from the sacred text of the New Testament. I will feel obliged by your inserting these extracts, and remain, Your obedient servant, SCOTS. Q. 7. Is this bond of marriage indissoluble ? A. Ey the indissolubility of marriage is meant that from the very nature and end of marriage itself, and still more from the institution and ordinance of Almighty God, the bond of union that subsists between married people can in no case whatsoever, nor upon any account whatsoever, be dissolved by any human power or authority, while both the parties remain in life. So that, though for just causes, and especially for infidelity to the marriage bed, husband and wife may be separated from one another, as to their personal cohabitation ; yet still they continue married people, the bond of marriage still subsists in its full force between them, and, if either of them should marry another person, he or she would be guilty of adultery. Now this indies ability of marriage arises both from the nature and end of marriage, and also from the express law of Almighty God. Q. 8. How does the indissolubility of marriage appear from the nature and end of marriage? A, This appears manifest whether marriage be considered as a natural contract, as a civil contract, or as a sacrament. The nature and end of marriage, as a natural contract, is (I To be the means ordained by nature itself, for the propagation of mankind, and the proper education of the children. (2) That the married people, united in this bond may be a mutual help and comfort to one another during their mortal pilgrimage. Thus God himself declared at the beginning " It is not good for man to be alone, let us make him a help like unto himself," Gen. ii 17, and with this intention the woman was created. Now, it is manifest that, on both these accounts, the nature of marriage i requires that its bond be indissoluble; for man differs from all other creatures when he first comes into the world in this, that, whereas other animals require very little attention from the sire, the mother alone, for the most part, being sufficient to nurture them up till they can do for themselves, and that in a very short time ; man, on the contrary, in his infancy, requires the whole attention of both father and mother of the mother to tend and nurse him, and of the father to provide all necessaries both for mother and child. This necessity continues in different degrees, for a series of years before the child can do any thing for his own sustenance and when reason begins to dawn, the child then requires the redoubled attention of both parents for educating him properly, whether as a man, a citizen, of a Christian. Now, if the bond of marriage could be dissolved, and it was in any case lawful for married people to become free, the passions of men would never be at a loss to put or suppose themselves in that case; and then a door would be opened, not only to the destruction of children both as to their subsistence and education, but likewise to debaucheries, and an universal corruption of manners, that must be of infinite prejudice to the multipli- cation of mankind, which is the end of marriage. Besides, what kind of solid comfort could the married people have in each other, if their marriage was not indissoluble ? It is this indissolubility of marriage which makes the parties enter with all their heart into the views of their mutual interest. It is this which invincible fixes their affections on their common concerns. It is this which gives a permanency to their love for one another. In a word, the indis- Bolnbility of marriage is the greatest incentive to make them bear their crosses, and put up with anything disagree- able in each other's tempers, and carefully to avoid giving any just handle of discontent to one another. They are joined together for better and for worse, they are married, and can no more be separated while life remains : therefore they must make the best of it they can, and content themselves. But, on the contrary, if the bond of marriage were dissemble, it would at QÍB bottom differ nothing from the state of concubinage, and be attended with all its bad consequences. If next we consider marriage as a civil contract, for India solubility is no less manifest for the good and happiness of the state being the end of marriage as a civil contract, this end could not be procured if the bond of marriage was dissoluble ; because children abandoned and neglected, end- less dissensions in families, and confusion about the division of their property, being the natural consequences of the dissolubility of marriage, must necessarily be a source of great misery to human society. Lastly, The indbsolubility of marriage, considered as a sacrament, appears from the idea the Scriptures give us of it in this view. For the sacrament of marriage among Christians is, by appointment of Jesus Christ, a sacred I sign and symbol of his indissoluble union with his church and as this account, St Paul insists upon this as the most powerful motive to engage the married people to love one another; because as the bond of their marriage union is a symbol of the union of Christ with his church, they ought therefore, to imitate the conduct of Jesus Christ and his church, in their behaviour to each other. " The husband, says he, " is head of the wife, as Christ is the head of the church ; therefore, as the church is subject to Christ, so let the wives be to their husbands in all things. Husbands, love your wives as Christ also loved his church., So ought also men to love their wives, as their own bodies. He that loveth his wife, loveth himself; for no man ever hated his own flesh, but nourished and cherished it, as also Christ doth the church for we are members of his body, of his flesh, and of his bones; for this cause shall a man leave his father and his mother, and shall stick to his wife, and they shall be two in one flesh. This is a great sacrament ; but I speak in Christ and in his church," Eph. v. 23. Now I still running of the apostle would fall to the ground, i and have no effect, if marriage, as a sacrament, did not necessarily require to be indissoluble ; as the sacred union between Christ and his church, of which Christian marriage is the symbol, can never be dissolved. All this is further confirmed, from the idea the Scripture gives us of the nature of marriage for there we are assured, that married people are "no longer two but one flesh ;" and this the Holy Ghost declared at the beginning by the mouth of Adam. It is repeated again by Christ as the grounds of the indissolubility of marriage, and is used by St. Paul for the same purpose, who also declares, that husbands ought " to love their wives as their own bodies ;" that in " loving his wife, he loves himself, and cannot hate her without having his own flesh." All which manifestly shows the indissolubility of marriage from its nature, and from the identity which it produces among married people, making them one flesh. Q. 9. How is the indissolubility of marriage established by the law of God ? A. On the most solid testimony of his holy word for (1. This was the original ordinance of God at the beginning, when he instituted marriage in paradise; for, when he presented Eve to our first father Adam, Adam, by inspiration of the Holy Ghost, said, " this now is bone of my bones, and flesh of my flesh wherefore, a man shall leave father and mother, and shall cleave to his wife, and they shall be two in one flesh," Gen. ii. 23, which words our blessed Saviour brings to prove the indissolubility of marriage by the law of God, at its first institution and then he renews the carne indissolubility of it among his followers, saying, " what, therefore, God hath joined together, let no man put asunder," Matt. xix. 6. Where he plainly declares, both that the bond of marriage is the work of God, and that no man can break what he has so tied. And when it was objected to him on this occasion, that Moses allowed a man to put away his wife, and Harry another, he replied, by declaring, that this was merely permitted to the Jews, by Almighty God, on account of the hardness of their hearts ; but immediately assures us, that " from the beginning it was not so," verse 8 ; which again proves that marriage, at its original institution, was, by the law of God, indissoluble. (2.) Jesus Christ being to raise the contract of marriage to the dignity of a sacrament among his followers, in order to enable them to perform the more sublime and exalted duties which his holy religion required from married people, and to ordain it as a sign of his indissoluble union with his church, was pleased to abrogate all permission given to the Jews of dissolving marriages, and of marrying others while their former partners were olive and positively pronounces this law, " what God hath joined together, let no man put asunder," Matt. xix. 6. After his public conversation with the Pharisees on this subject, " in the house, again, his disciples asked him concerning the same thing, and he said to them," in these general and unlimited terms, " Whosoever shall put away his wife and marry another, committeth adultery against her. And if the wife shall put away her husband, and be married to another, she committed adultery," verse 10. Which evidently shows, that, by the law of the Gospel, the bond of marriage can never be dissolved, but that married people, whosoever they be, though they may live separate- from one another's company, yet cane or be loosed from the marriage tie; and that if either party so separated from the other, should presume to marry another person whilst the former partner is in life, it would be no marriage at all before God, but the state of damnable adultery, The same law is more particularly repeated by our Saviour on a distinct occasion ; where, after the parable of the unjust steward, and before he began the history of Lazarus and the rich glutton, ha interposes this declaration : "Everyone that putteth away his wife and marrieth another, committeth adultery and he that marrieth her that is put away from her husband, committed adultery." Luke xvi. 18. Here we see none are excepted, everyone includes all universally; and both parties are in the same case ; not only he who puts away his wife and marries another, but also he who marries her who is put away, are equally guilty of adultery : which shews to a demonstration, that, in whatever case the separation is made the bond of marriage still continues units ceived, so that neither party can marry any other without being guilty of that horrid crime On this clear text St, Augustine writes thus, " Who are we, then, that we should say, one is guilty of adultery who puts away his wife and marries another and another who does the same is not guilty of adultery? for seeing the Gospel says, every one commits adultery who does this, (and consequently all who do it that is, who putting away his wife manage another, is guilty of adultery ; without doubt both are included, both he who, for any other cause besides fornication, puts away his wife, and he who puts her away for the cause of fornication Ac. -Sir. 1, JJ adult., copying. caps. (3.) St Paul, who is doubtless the most infallible into directer of the doctrine of Jesus Christ, declares the indissolubility of marriage in the strongest terms, " The woman that hath a husband, says he, " whilst her husband liveth, is bound to the law ; but if her husband be dead, she is loosed from the law of her husband. Wherefore whilst her husband liveth, she shall be called an adulteress, if she be with another man ; but if her husband be dead she is freed from the law of her husband ; co that she is not an adul- teresa, if she be with another man," Rom. vii. 2. See in what express and general terms, without any exception, he declares, that death alone can dissolve the bond of marriage, so as to make it lawful for a married person to marry any other. In the same manner he declares this to be an express command of God himself, " but to them that are married," says he, not I, but the Lord commandeth, that the wife depart not from her husband and if she depart that she remain, unmarried, or be reconciled to her husband. And let not the husband put away his wife, 1 Cor. vii. 10. I And a little after he concludes, " a woman is bound by the law, as long as her husband liveth ; but if her husband die she is at liberty ; let her marry to whom she will only in the Lord," verse 39. Now what he here lays down, with regard to the wife, is equally binding with regard to the husband, both because the contract is mutual, and the bond of marriage equally the same in both and because the apostle affirms, that if the wife hath not power of her own body, but the husband ; so, in like manner, the husband hath not power of his own body, but the wife," 1 Cor, vii. 4, (4.) Now that the indissolubility of the bond of marriage is the true and genuine interpretation of all the above testimonies of holy writ, and that this is the true sense and meaning of them intended by the Holy Ghost, always has been, and is the doctrine of the church of Christ, as is designed and declared by her in the great and general Council of Trent; which, laying down the Catholic doctrine concerning marriage, begins with this very point, in these words. " The first father of mankind declared the perpetual and indissoluble tie of marriage, by the inspiration of the Holy Ghost, when he said, this now is bone of my bones, and flesh of my flesh ; wherefore a man shall leave his father and mother, and shall adhere to his wife, and they shall be two in one flesh," Bess. xxiv. in princip., and afterwards declares, that this always was and is taught by the church of Christ, according to the doctrine of the gospel and the apostles and therefore, pronounces anathema upon all those who shall say she is mistaken in teaching so : " If any one shall say that the church is mistaken, in having taught and in teaching, according to the evangelical and apostolical doctrine, that the bond of marriage cannot be dissolved by the adultery of either of the parties, and that both, or even the innocent party, who gives no cause to the adultery, cannot contract another marriage whilst the other party is alive, and that he is guilty of adultery, who putting away the adulteress, marries another, as is also she who, leaving the adulterer, marries another, let him be anathema,"' Sess. xxiv. can. 7. Here we see the infallible authority of the church of Christ declaring the indissolubility of marriage to be the evangelical and apostolical interpretation of all the above texts of Scripture, and condemning all those who teach the contrary, Q. 16. But when Jesus Christ says, a whosoever shall put away WE wife, except it be for fornication and shall marry another, committeth adultery, Matt, xix. 9; does not this exception seem to insinuate, that, by the fornication of either party, the marriage bond is dissolute and that, at least, the innocent party may lawfully marry A. In answer to this, we must observe, (1.) That St. Mark, when relating what passed on this occasion, makes no mention of this exception, but tells us that our Saviour, when in the house with his apostles, declared to them in general terms, that, " whosoever shall put away his wife, and marry another, committeth adultery against her," Mark x. 14. Which clearly shews that the exception mentioned by St. Matthew, is not applicable to the husband's marrying again, but to the lawfulness of his putting away his wife for any cause but fornication only. (2) That this text of St. Matthew is very obscure as It has, and especially if not compared with the account given by St. Mark, which opens the door to the true sense of it but all the other texts on this subject are clear, decisive, and without all exception, consequently, the true meaning of the Holy Ghost is not to be sought from the ambiguous expression of an obscure text, in opposition to so many plain texts, but its ambiguity is to be explained and its true sense ascertained by those other clear and express texts upon the subject. (3.) If it be supposed lawful for the husband to put away his wife on account of her fornica tion, and to marry again, as being the innocent party, then either the bond of marriage is dissolved or it is not; if it be not dissolved, it can never be lawful, oven for the In- recent party to marry: if it be dissolved, then even the v yiiMty "f kindly marry, because no less free than the other, and yet our Saviour expressly says, "he that shall marry her that is put away committed adultery," he T's i a very nasty shows, that even when she , is put away for her guilt, the marriage tie remains in its T fiS* ,. (4 The church of Christ has never under stood the above exception as implying a dissolution of the bond of marriage, even in the case of fornication, or as in any respect favouring the innocent party, and condemns in i the strongest terms those who teachTit does no,, Q. II. What then is the meaning of the above text of St. Matthew? ,_ " A. All fhesoTeason» just mentioned demonstrate that it cannot mean that the bond of marriage is dissolved avenge the crime of either of the parties, and consequently it makes nothing against the doctrine of the Catholic church. _ Its true meaning, then, is to be sought for from the question to which it was the answer. The Pharisees asked our Saviour, " Is it lawful for a man to put away his wife for every cause ?" Matt. xix. 3. Before he give a direct answer to the question, he puts them in mind, that marriage at its original institution was indissoluble, and consequently could not be broken by any cause; he then declares, that he by his supreme authority, restores it to this its primitive perfection, and that the infringement made upon it by the Jews was only a permission on account of the hardness of their hearts ; after this preamble, he gives a direct answer to their question, in these words, " I say to you, whosoever shall put away his wife, except it be for fornication and shall marry another, committed adultery." This sentence contains two parts, first an answer to their question ; secondly, a confirmation of what he said in his preamble of the absolute indissolubility of marriage, which he was pleased to join together, rather indeed, in obscure terms. Their question was, " Is it lawful for a man to put away his wife for every cause ?" To this he answers, ivory it is not lawful to put away his wife for any cause except for fortification and he who puts her away " except for fornication, committed adultery," by being the occasion of her committing adultery ; but that none might think that when he put her away for fornication the tie of marriage is broken, and the husband at liberty to marry another, he adds that, even when lawfully put away for fornication, if the husband " shall marry another, he committed adultery ;" and he that shall marry her that is BO put away committed adultery also." Q. 12. How does it appear that this is our Saviour's true meaning ? A. From these reasons (1. Because, as we have proved above, by this sentence, the marriage bond is by no means broken, even in the case of fornication. (2.) Because it follows from this, and we have also shown above, that the exception cannot fall upon the indissolubility of marriage and therefore, must fall upon the lawfulness of putting away the wife at all and (3.) Because, in another place, our Saviour says, in express terms, whosoever putteth away his wife, excepting for the cause of fornication, caused her to commit adultery and whosoever shall marry her that is put away, committeth adultery ;" Matt. xix. 9. Where it is manifest, that, if the husband putteth away his wife for any other cause except fornication, he is deemed the cause of her future crime, because the cause for which he puts her away was not just; but, if he put I her away for fornication, and she marry another, that other is guilty of adultery, by marrying another man's wife ; but the husband is free of the guilt, because he had a just and lawful cause for putting her away. 