THE ELECTORAL ACE A question of some importance lias arisen in connection with the new Electoral Act. That measure was recent ly received from England, where it had beau sent for Her Majesty's sanction, and is. now in operation.- The next general election will therefore take place in accordance with its provisions. But an un expected difficulty presents itself. The Bill, it appears from, the statement of the Attorney General, was most carefully and anxiously revised by himself when submitted to the House last year; and as' it was an important measure, so much attention was bestowed upon it that at the time it was passed it was sup • posed to have been made as nearly perfect as possible. But, unfortunately, there was oue important contingency left' unprovided for. That was the chance of the Bill not being promptly returned from England 5 and now, on account "of this oversight, it will be necessary to pass a special Act of Parliament for amending the measure oflast session. This difficulty arises from the circumstance that both the new and the old laws mako it necessary for an elector to hare been on the roll at least six -months before the time of voting. Any one, therefore, wishing to vote before July next under the Act now in force should have been put on the electoral foil when it.was revised in May last. The framers of the new Aetconsidered, appa rently, that there could be so doubt as to its being in operation before May, and that thus all the necessary steps towards the next general election could be taken under it. But the Act was not returned to the colqny until after the month of May, and it is now doubtful whether any elections subject to its provisions can take place earlier than July next. To meet this oversight, and also to remedy one or two other defects of less importance, a Bill to amend the Electoral Act has been read a fi st time in the legislative Council. It provides that "any person whose name appears on any electoral roll, either for the Legislative Council or House of Assembly, revised at any Court of Eevision held during the mouth of \- May in the present year, shall be entitled to have his name placed on the register of voters to be made up at the Courts of Eevision in November next, for the district or divisiou within which his place of abode as appearing on such electoral roll may now be situate; and every such person shall be entitled to vote at any election for the Legislative Council or House of Assembly respectively that may take place betweeu the last day of November next and the first" day of July,- one thousand eight hundred- and sixty-three," Another point; involved, and which is of special interest to the citizens of Adelaide, is the one relating to the new electoral districts whicli are constituted j by the present Act. Mr. Beynolds drew the ' attention of the Attorney-General to this onj j Friday last week, and expressed liis fear that,; 1 under the clauses of the new law, many of the' electors in the city of Adelaide would run the; risk of being disfranchised at the next election. The Attorney-General, however, is of opinion, that the provisions of the Act of 1S61 with those of the amending Bill eow before the Legislative Council will prevent any such risk being incurred. A proviso in the new Bill states that " when, by reason of the alteration of any district by the Electoral Act, 1861, the polling-place at which any person so entitled to vote at any election which may take place between the last day of November next and the first day of July next shall be without the' limits of the district- for which such person' shall be entitled to vote, it shall be lawful for the Returning Officer or Court of Eevision to fix on the said electoral roll some polling- place' situate within the district for which such person shall be entitled to vote, and such; person shall be entitled to vote at such polling-! place at any election which may thereafter take' place, until the same polling-place shall be changed under the provisions of the said Electoral Act, ISS1." This counteracts any difficulty which might have arisen in the new electoral districts ou account of polling-places;' and in reference to all other matters it is the opinion of the Attorney-General that the provisions of the Act of last session are sufficient. . ... : The amending Bill, .it is stated, will not re quire to be reserved for Her Majesty's approval, because, although it affects the electoral law of the colony, it does not relate cither to the readjustment of boundaries or the qualification of voters. This, we say, is the opinion of the Attorney-General, and the Legislature will probably act in accordance with it, though there is at least one other legal member of the House who takes a different view. When the Bill comes to the Assembly several amendments may be expected in reference to additional polling-places, as two or three honourable members have intimated that their districts are urging them to move in this matter, on account of the inconvenience which is now felt in getting to some of the pollmg-plaees as at pre sent established. Several fresh voting-places, including one at Kadina, are provided in the Act of last year; but it is said that there arc other wants of the same kind which ought to be attended to before tbe nest general election takes place. The only other, matter of importance which the amending Bill provides for is the rectifying of a singular error which crept into the Act of last session, and which illustrates one of the difficulties connected with our present system of lawmaking. The Bill of last year, it ap pears, repealed a previouB Act without provi ding against the revival of three other measures which that Act had repealed. Accordingly, the setting aside of the most recent Act brings into operation portions of its long-defunct predecessors. But this.was never intended, and therefore one object of the present amend ing Bill is to lay the ghosts of those re animated Acts that have " revisited the glimpses of the moon" long after they had been dead and buried. 