MUST COMMUNION AND OONFIRMA TION AT ST. MARY'S. Last Sunday having been fixed upon by bis 'Grace for the children attending St. Mary's to make their first Communion and receive Gonfir. libation, the nuns of the Good Shepherd and the members of the Christian Doctrine Society under the direction of Father Dillon, the chaplain of the society, had been daily engaged in instructing those who were 'preparing for these sacraments. SFor some days immediately proceeding last Sun day the children assembled each afternoon in the church, some to prepare for confession and ' others to be taught their catechism, On : Sunday morning they all assembled in the Seminary, where they prepared themselves to attend the eight o'clock Mass. Immediately on the termination of the seven o'clock Mass a -procession was formed, the girls first and then the boys, two and two. They proceeded in this order singing the hytns appropriate to the occa sion and then took their seats, the girls in front of the altar and the boys under the northern 'gallery. When all were in their seats his Grace -commenced Mass, during which the Rev. Father Dillon read aloud the prayers before Communion. At the Domine von sum dignus the girls, with raised veils, knelt at the Communion rails, and the Archbishop, turning round with the Sacred Host, repeated some short prayers of love to our 'Blessed Lord in the Sacrament of the Eucharist and of contrition for their sins, with words of ?Confidence and humility. After the girls had received, the boys ap proached and also partook of the Bread of Life. After all bad approached the Rev. Father Dillon again read the Prayers after Com munion, which were concluded by the singing or that beautiful hymn — 'Jesus, gentle Saviour.' A procession was again formed ; and they re turned in the same manner to the Seminary, where' a splendid breakfast had been provided for them, through the exertions of Father Dillon nnd the member6 of the Christian Doctrine Society. At the end of the room was a raised .platform, where his Grace, the clergy, and a few lay persons who had been invited partook ?of breakfast. The room was also tastefully decorated with evergreens; and on the tablet were handsome bouquets. Mr. Mullins, of the firm of Alexander Moore and Co., kindly sup plied them with all the necessary crockery and Cutlery, besides some very handsome vases and ?eper^rnes. He also lent a piano, upon which a lady performed sonie hymns during the break -fast. The greatest credit is due to those members of the Christian Doctrine Society who had the getting up of the affair. During the interval between the breakfast and the eleven o'clock Mass, the girls, under the charge of the Nuns, promenaded the garden, and the boys the Space of ground around the Seminary. They then formed into procession again, and proceeded to the Cathedral for Confirmation. At eleven o'clock Mass the Sacrament of Con firmation was administered by the Arch bishop to the children who had made their fust Communion in the morning, as well as to a large number of adults. The candidates for Confirma tion occupied a large portion of the transept of the cathedral, the girls and women having the three centre blocks of seats immediately in front of the Altar- allotted to them, and the boys and men those under the north gallery. At eleven o'clock the Archbishop, attended by his Deacon and sub-Deacon, Father Atliy and Rev. J. Byrne, and preceded by the Very Rev. Dean Sumner, by whom Mass was celebrated, Very. Rev. S. A. Sheehy, Father John Dwjer, Father Dillon, entered the church and took his ac customed place on the gospel side of the Altar As the time occupied in the administration of the Sacrament of Confirmation to so large a number of persons, would extend considerably beyond that usually occupied by the ordinary service, there was no High Mass, nor the usual choral service, but Low Mass' was said by tbeVery Rev. Dean Sumner, and as the Archbishop was about to address the candidates for Confirmation both before and after the adminis tration of the Sacrament, no sermon was preached. At the conclusion of M ss the Arci. bishop, ac companied by his Deacon and sub- Deacon, took his Beat on a fald-stool in front of the Altar, and pro ceeded to address those whom he was about to con firm on the nature of the Sacrament they weie going to receive. Our Lord assured us- that he was the way, the truth, and the life, an expression which opened to Chtistians the obligations they were under of becoming his followers, and informed them of the means of Heading in the footsteps of God made man. Ii they wished to imitate him they must walk in his footsteps, and unite themselves to him self. J-iy the sin of our fiist parents it became ne cessary that the Sun of justice should make himself manifest to man, and aa error before prevailed in the world so truth ought to prevail now. Our Lord had established his Church, and had sent down the spirit- of truth to guide it in all truth, and in a, certain sense Jesus Christ and his Church were one «nd the same, for he brought truth to men to enable them to fulfil thtir dmies in this worli, and grateful ought they to be that '.hey have beeu chosen members of the Catholic Church, of which He is the head. They were members of that iwys ticai body of which Jesus Christ was the head, through which they obtained that knowledge of the truth so necessary for their state of being. Our Lord had said he that heareth you heareth me, and whatever knowledge of supernatural things was made known to them, was communicated by Jesu- Christ through his Church, lie became the lighi of their life, and had instituted the Sacraments as channels of grace by which his merits could be ap plied to their souls, and the Sacraments obtained all their force and efficacy by the shedding of his blood upon the cross. As the Sacrament of Baptism gave them spiritual life and strength to fulfil those duties which they could not perform of themselves, ?o the other Sacrament perfected what Baptism had begun. Confirmation brought to maturity graces given in the Sacrament of Baptism. The Blessed Eucharist fed them with the blood «f eternal life. By the Sacrament of Penance all the diseases of the soul were remedied, Matrimony enabled those who received it to Inripg, up their children in the fear and love of -..?IV.:. ..!:?'?,?#.'.?' God. By Holy Orders the priesthood was estab. lished according to the order of Melcbisedech, and by Extreme Unction men were strengthened to in their passage from this world into the next. Amongst these Sacraments Confirmation confirmed or strengthened them in those good dispositions which they received in the Sacrament of Baptism, and made them strong and perfect Christians and soldiers of Jesus Christ. By its efficacy they would be en lightened as the Apostles were when the spirit of God descended upon them in tongues of fire, and they would be strengthened to fulfil their duties under circumstances the most arduous ; ana as oy Baptism they were made children of God and heirs of the kingdom of Heaven, so by the Sacra ment of Confirmation the Holy Ghost bestowed his sevenfold gifts upon them. St. Paul alluded to the Sacrament of Confirmation in his epistle to the Corinthians, where he spoke of God sealing and a. nointing therr, and sending his holy Spirit into their hearts; but the writings of the Holy Fathers, and the tradition? of the first ages were quite sufficient to prove that the Sacrament of Confirmation had been instituted by Christ. By the wisdom of their dear Lord they had been provided with ample means of grace, they were enabled to fulfil their duties as Christians in all the circumstances of life The nature of the obligations they incurred by the Sacrament of Confirmation were the same as in Baptism, and were illustrated by the ceremonies which their Holy Mother the Church bad ap pointed to be used in its adminintration. The standard of the cross was the standard of Jesus Christ, by it his disciples were known, and they re ceived it on their foreheads to signify that they were not ashamed of the cross of Christ, that they were re- consecrated to him by a higher degree of sanctification. By the administration of the chrism on their foreheads they became temples of the Holy Spirit, to which iniquity should never approach, and by the blow on the cheek they were reminded to bear all the reproaches and contumelies of the world, and to possess their souls in peace — a peace that passed all understanding The Archbishop then repeated the hymn— ' Come Holy Ghost, send down those be?ms,' after which he proceeded to the administration of the Sacrament in the usual form, the girls and women advancing first to the feet of the Archbishop, anrl f-Ko Vinvc nnri mpn FnllnnirKy. At the conclusion of the ceremony, the Arch bishop, in a loud voice, said the ' Creed,' the ' Our Father,' and the ??? Hail, Mary,' which were repeated by all those who hid received Coufiruia tion. The Archbishop then spated himself on the fald-stool, and addressed those who had been Con firmed on the solemn obligations they had taken upon themselves by the reception of the Sacrament.! Confirmation was one of the three Sacranrents which) fixed on the soul an indelible character. As by, Baptism they were made Christians and admitted into the Church, so by Confirmation they became soldiers of Jesas Christ, in virtue of which the elect of God were distinguished by a special title oj honour. They could not serve two masters : thej could not be servants of Jesus Christ and follow the maxims of the worli. Before they received Baptism, they had renounced the world, the flesh1, and the Devil ; and that comprised the principal part of the duty of a Christian. They must not love the world, nor the things of the world. The life of the world consisted in the indulgence of the concupiscence of the flesh, the concupiscence of the eye, and the pride of life, and of every vicious in clination that could gratify our corrupt nature. From the temptations of this world they must separate themselves, as being more dangerous thau all the persecutions of the early ages, and requiring more courage to resist than it did to bear torments. They must not fix theii affecions oti this world; they must not go tot hose places where the world holds us couri, aim »y entering *hich they feel that they are in danger of coin mitting an offence against God. Let them itct. in such a way as in tho3a ages which distin guished the Christian from the Pagan woild, when thousands fled away from the temptations of the world into the desert, and renouueed all the advantage of their luxurious position. And in this city also there was great danger to the soul of the Christian: how mai y were theie who frequented the theatre and other dangerous places of amuse ment, where no person who valued the purity of his soul would venture to frequent 1 Tliiscit\ became daily more and mo.e profligate ; and huw many parents took their children to places of publia resort fatal to their innocence ? — snd thus ex posing generation after generation 10 be immolaud on the altar of Satan. The way ot the Christian was not the way of the world, which did not agree wiih the peculiarity of the Christian character. Peisons wtnt to some places to feed thtir pride and vanity, and clothed ill a style that every Christian must regret. Let it not be said that Christian modesty should be saenficedt tj vanity, for if it were, a time would come which would cover them with contusion. Especially did thos-e who shamefully neglect their duty, by en couraging the vanity ot their chiluren, deprive! them ot their modesty and maidenly reserve. There had been a great change for the worse in the colony during the last twenty-seven years, am he would in some tilings prefer that timi' during the humble state of the colony, whoi they had to attend upon the prisoners, to the present age of pretended liberty, progress, ani civilisation. They were Christians, and he hope'J they would follow the example of tneir Bltssei Lord, and that tbej would set an example to otiieis of Christian modesty and Christian reserve, so that il might be said of them as he had heard it said of tin inhabitants of a great city in Europe, that even u. a ball-room Catholic women could be distinguished by their modesty of dre3S and behaviour. But ii they were not restrained in their vanity by theii parents his instructions would be in vain. To parents he would say, certainly, set a good example to your children, do not give way to temper, take care that nothing you do is unworthy the charactei of Christian purity and holiness. Let them assemble their families for morning and evening prayer, or at least once a day, and implore the Divine blesiing. Let them persist in earnest prayer, in recollection of self, and the frequenting of the Sacraaieots. . If evil entered their souls let them remember that their Angel guardian was star them, that the Blessed Virgin Mary watched ovei them. Let them set an example of holy Christian life by separating themselves from the world. Let them bring others to the knowledge of the truth by their edifying demeanour. Let them remember that they who instructed others .into justice shall shine like stars to all eternity and example was the best means of bringing others to the faith and knowledge of Jesus Christ. The Archbishop then gave his blessing and the service concluded. In the afternoon after vespers those who had been confirmed in the morning made a renewal of their baptismal vows which was preceded by an address from the Archbishop on the nature and obligations of baptism. Many among them had that day hid the happiness of communicating for the first time, on that day Jesus Christ had come into their souls to prepare them for the coming of the Holy Ghost so that his presence might become permanent, and on that day it became their duty to renew their baptismal vowj They had become children of God engaged to w°ge continual warfare against their natural inclinations and out of gratitude they ought to renew the sacred promises made at baptism. By baptism they contracted obligations and were raised 'far above any gifts of nature, however excel lent. By baptism not only had they received spi ritual life but they had become children of God, heirs of eternal life and co-heirs with Christ. St. Peter spoke of those who had received bap;ism as a royal priesthood who continually offered sacrifice by keeping their passions under restraint. By bap tism they become temples of the living God, and akin that temple consecrated to God Jesus Chris; reposed day and night to be the food of his faithful people, so by baptism thev become temples of the living God sanctified by the immediate presence of Jesus Christ. The expression made use of by St. Paul in the epistle to the Ephesuns 'you are ihe temples of God,' expresses the conduct of a Christian life, so that as the construction of the * material temple was simple at first until in its pro gress it received the highest development of beauty, so by frequenting the sacraments they would become every day more glorious until the reception of Holy Communion for the last time was a consummation of tbe work. The titles of excellence they had that day received imposed upon them the obligation to lead holy lives, how unbecoming then would it be to prostrate themselves before the miserable world and to receive its smiles, let them place an abyss between it and them. The Holy Spirit had that day filled them with nib sevenfold gifts, let them thvn prepare to renew their baptismal vows and to renounce agaiu the devil the world and thi flesh. Let them not be seen in any place where they would be ashamed that a priest should see them. Let them not worship the world, let them keep to their baptismal engagements and place their consolation in going about doing good They would find consolation and joy in fulfilling the duties of religion and restraining their appetites, let them never enter those places which were the tem ples of Satan where Moloch was worshipped by the murder of thousands of innocents. Trusting in the grace of God and the protection of the Blessed Virgin Mary let them become children of Mary, what a happiness it would be to her to say, these are my children Fulfil the precepts of my son Jesus Christ and I will obtain grace for you and strength by which you will be enabled to persevere unto the en-l.' By the direction of the Archbishop all those who had then been confirmed then rose and raising their right hand repeated their baptismal vows after him. The ceremony was a very solemn and touching one ami many of those who took part in it were deeply affected. The service terminated by the Arch bishop giving his blessing. 