POEMS BY A PAINTER. A book comes beforo us with tho titlo of " Poems by a Painter," nnd our first feeling is perhaps one of indecision as to what we ought to expect from it, and how wo are to find out the standing-point of tlio author, so as to judge liis work correctly. Does lie como beforo ue as poet or as painter ? and, because ho is a great painter, , must wo of necessity conclude tlint I10 is a truo poet ? That is, not may tlio two things bo combined so that wo find tlio painter poetical and tho poet picturesque ; but must tho painter be, because ho is a painter, and in virtue of liis art, a poot? Perhaps in the present ego wo should bo inclined to say that, granted tho power ovor tlio psateriol which tho poot lins to 113 namely, words, lie would bo so. All our poets are word- pnintors, and nearly oil our painters, cithor with words or' colours, nro photogrnphors. This would soeiti to imply that photographio accuracy had become, or wns fast becoming, an important test with regard to tlio morit of poetry. Tho paintor, tlion, lias gront advantages. A long ni:tl patient study of nature is essential for him, and during this study nature revcnls to him her wonders,, makes him familiar witli phases and aspects absolutely unknown to other men. In addition to nil tlint lies directly nnd imme diately before him, how much also of tlio reflex' beauties of linturo must bo discovered to Uiml Symbolism nnd association — ovon if be should not seek them — 'nro constantly pre sented to liim, and 011 thoso how mucli of tho beauty of poetry depends. All this is in tlio painter's favour, and would uudoubtcdly mnko of the groat painter tho truo poet, if only tlio nature of tlio work to bo done wero tho satno ; that is, if tlio pnintcr had to draw a picture in colours, nnd the poet the same picture in words. But this is not so ; poetry that is picturesque only is untrue to itself, for poetry should deal mainly and principally with tho inward, with human character end human feeling, human action and human passion, with tho great victories of life and the great silent victory of death. Poetry should represent what painting can only symbolise ; and whero tlio human clement predominates tho " nature " becomes moro an atmosphere than a description, nnd certainly fulls vory fur Bliort of tho exhaustive analysis wo are accustomed to now n-days. Tlio Homeric poems are juBtly said to havo nn out of door chnractor, a clear eorono atmosphere whioh is felt ; but in modern poetry the descriptions, elaborate na they are, aro not so much felt as understood. Tho poems of Ossian, again, liavo this out- of-door character, out of doors certainly in a different climate, nn atmosphere of quito another kind, gloomy and terrible, but mar vellously real. The flame " rushes through tho blasted graves," " Selama's fair," gleams liko " a Btar that shines on tho hill ot night ;" the heroes come " liko a stream by night," nnd thon when tho fight is over, roll away " liko wreathes of mist to Cormac's echoing lmlls." Tlio ghosts, too, " terrible in darkness, molt away before tho beam of tlio oast." But in this, as wo said, tho " out-of-door" character is an atmosphere, and not a mechanical con trivance. Sliaksporc, again, docs not describe his scenery ; lie lias also tho magician's wand, and can raise it around us, or rather tako us " out of doors" with him when he wishes. Wo see tlio Btorm, the Bhipwreck, and tho enchanter's island, almost without words, and are led out ns it woro lo seo for ourselves " how sweet the moonlight Bleeps upon this bank." Tlio painter could not do this ; ho must givo us the familiar and tho outward, nnd make us feel tho reality of tho inward, but the poet should give us tho reality, the very truth of tho inward, and mnko us feel so much ob is necessary of tho outor world. The tendonoy of modern poetry is, howevor, more and moro towards tlio picturesque. It is impossible to deny tlio beauty of some of tho pictures ; but tho question recurs again and ngain, is this tlio region of pootry,— or is it, ill order to attain this beauty, overstepping limits which cannot bo transgressed except by a loss of that which is essential to it as poetry ? Aro we, then, to eoneludo that no pnintcr can bo also a poot? No, not so. IIo may be a poet, but it will not bo in virtue of liis art. He may ba a poot if ho is a universal man, but not if he is spooially a painter. Ho who Btauds supremo in his own art, if indeed wo mny call any art specially his when he excelled in all, lie who is tho sculptor and tho pointer is also a poot — not a picturesque poet but a poet pure and simple. The poems of Miohnol Angelo represent tlio invisible, and that in language wonderfully vigorous and beautiful. Very few of them are adequately rendered in English, but wo lmvo a few trans lations of groat beauty by Wordsworth and by Southey. Wo solcct a sonnet of Wordsworth's translation as a specimen of " Booms by a Painter" moro than three hundred years ago. Tho groat paintor did not thou certainly write "picturesque poetry:" — Y es ; Hope mey with my strong desire keep pare, And I be nndelnded, unbetrny'd ; Por, if of our nflcotiona none find grnoe Is sight of Heaven, then wherefore hath God made Tho world which we inhabit ? Better plea Love cannot have, than tlint in loving theo Glory to thnt eternal pence is paid, "Who such divinity to thee imparls As ha'lowB and makes paic all gentle hearts. His hope is trench' rouB only, whose love dies With beauty, which is varying every hour : But in clinstc hearts, uninfluenced by tlio power Of outwaid cbnnge, there blooms a deathless flower That breathes on osrtli the air of Paradise. But to return to the question with whioh wo started. How are wo to judgo — that is, from what point of vjow — of tho work beforo us ? Tlio author himself, in the title of his poems comes forward to help us. Ho colls them — Pooms by a Paintor — tliat is, lie himself would bfi frnm n!a ntnnfllnfr-nrti'nfc na nn artist ; ho presents tlicm ns studies in words of subjects that ho lias treated in colours — piotures which he lias also presented to tho mind through the medium of the oyo. Tlioy aro mainly picturesquo. Down to the minutrst detail, and with pre-Raphaelito accuracy, lie gives us moss, and stone, and tree, moonlight and sunrise, and this, too, for their own sako, and with tho keenest delight and enjoyment in their beauty. His poems are liko studies intonded and elaborated for his uso as an artist ; and as his command ovor the material of the poet's nrt — namely, language — is almost perfect and complete, lie presents us witli some most exquisite pictures. For example : — Then, breathless, hearkening for the muffled sound Of thn brown w-od-bee working under ground, Deftly a honey- weightod comb he found, Close by a willow-root, whore the white bosses Of mushrooms glimmered, mnny-tintod mosses Swelled softly, silver-fretted lichens olung, And whirring n'ght-motlisiu dim crannies bung, Screened by dark ivy. Or, again, tako tho following : — Where floats the white moth, from her tre- tnnlous wings Thrilling palo radiance, and the small gnat sings A drowsy requiem, ere he sinks to die Under tho harebell's droop'ng canopy ; Where, in bis blazoned mail, tlio beetle glides, Thrums the gaunt grasshopper his brazen sides, Through tho lush grass the cllln glow-worm gleams, And aye unseen the shrew mouse fits nnd screams ; While, like some bandit or his garnered heap, Hidden in massy cavern, warm and deep, Tho weary wood-bee hums himself as'eep. And overhead, throughout tho silent night, Ilia mouldering beech-root looms with weird pliosphorio light. The sotting of tha poem oalled " Syrinx," from which our first extract is taken, is very perfect ; hilt' Pan — llio old heathen — is rather maudlin in Ids sorrow, and is certainly not the Pan wo know.. Perhaps somo feeling of this has induced the nuthor'to trcat'tho sarao sub- joet again in tlio " Pan und Syrinx." The two fiocms may be taken as an illustration of what ms boon said ; the first is tho work of a painter, and tho second moro that of a po.t, but neither llio " Syrinx" nor tho " Pan and Syrinx" is Greek, for tiio painter's poetry is essentially modern and of tho nineteenth cen- tary, as wo have sliown. The " Pan and Syrinx" is short enough to bo given entire. Long, long ngo, a9 poets sing, When earth war In Iter jocund spriog, Andpission Bcvrcc was crime construed, Old Pan a river-maid pursued Adowu green Lndon's valley. Like some flnkcJ olend that filer Aloft through breezy April skies, Or sun-gleaiu o'er 1 lie Ionian aen, With fluttering heart and trembling knoo, Down Lndon's iealy valley. Past slio fled 1 while on her track, Ever noaicr, like n rack Of lowcrinc thunder-oloud, he strains On Ladon, mad with mountain rains Adowu his echoing valley. Now nthwnrt the gliding river .Their twin shadow's flit and quiver-- " Now the plno wood's odorous niirht Shrouds nahilo their hendlom flight Down green Ladon's valley. Now the sunlit meadow flowers Round tlit ir flying feet in showers Of gold aud azure fall — and then Iu tbc loavcB tlicv're hst ngain, Adowu fair Ladon's valley. All ! Iindst then been less grisly old, She, pordy, had proved less cold. But despite thy grisly oldne.s, And despite bcr froward coldnass, Deep in Ladon's valley, Thou liadst won thy wish ere long, And who will ilnro avow 'twas wroug ? Maiden lips have fooled, I trow, Sterner moralists than thou, In mnny n dewy valley. ' Ha ! I10 grasps Iter by the fair Tresses of lior stroiiniing hair, In vain she caffs— nor gods on high, Ncr men below will hear her cry In Lndon's lonely valley, Yes, liun'r ss ol (ho silver bow, Thou heuid'st 1 ho virgin's shriek of. woe ; And vain was all liis hung -y speed ; He clasped a maiden, and kissed — a reed, 111 Ladon's silent valley. We havo aaid tlmt theso poems are mainly picturrsquo ; but tlioy nro not niorcly pic turesque. A true human interest unites and harmonises tlio various parts, but surely wo are not mistaken in calling it 11 subordinate and not tho principal interest. The human olemcnt is there for tho fake of tho picture, nnd not tho picture for tlio sako of tho human element. As a painter tlio nuthor gives us n " confession," whioh savours of tho Evangelical or Low Church. Ho epenks of llio eturry spirit of Raphael, ns "great— but a Pagan still." Ho tells Michael Angclo that ho says nothing to his soul, but is ready to breathe low when beforo Angclico — Heart, tuind, nnd soul, with revorent love, conffss The Christian pr-'nlor, sent to purify nnd bless." Angelico is serenely bright nnd transparent, but surely ho is a littlo out of his placo whon raisod abovo MiclinehAngelo and Raphael. As our last extract we select a poem of great beauty and tondorness entitled "Dead:" The seasons weave their ancient dance, Tho re-ties: o :enu ebbs and flows, The world rolls on through day and dark, Regardless of our joyB 0; woes I Still up the breczv western slopes Tlio reaper girls, like apples brown, Bend singing to their gleeful tuil, Aud sweep the golden harvest dawn : Still whoro the slanting sunlight gilds The boles of cedar and of pine, Chants. the lona blackhiid from the btako With melaivcliuly voice divine : Still all about the mossy tracks . Hums nt his dnrg the wood-ward bee; Stiff fitfully the corn-orakuVnoto Comes to luo from the upland lea S'ill round Hie forest bower she loved Tlio woodbine trails its rich festoons; The s'.nmbrous poppies burst and faff Beneath the tilcnf autumn moons. » Ncr here within one touch of change ! The footstool — the cnihroidored chair — ' The hooks — the arras on tie wall— The harp— tho mutie — all are there. . No toneh of change 1 f close my eyes- It cannot bo she comes no moro I , I honr tho rustling of her dress, I hoar licr footstep on the floor; I feel licr hroatli upon mv brow, I feel lior kiss upon m f cheek. Down, phantoms of tho buried past ! Down, or my heavy heart must break. —Daily News, 22nd April. 