GHOST STORIES. TO THE EDITOR OF THE REGISTER. Sir—"Churchman" says that the Rev. A. R. Russell in his lecture told silly stories; the rev. gentleman intimates that he said nothing but what (with two exceptions) is well authenticated. Will you allow me to lay before the public the sub- stance of one of the stories related in the lecture. I may premise that as the purport of the lecture was to enquire into the truth of the subject, the lecturer would not give any examples which he did not think truthful. A ship was sailing on her course, and the mate was sitting in his cabin making the reckoning. On looking into the captain's cabin (into which he could see from his own), he saw a man, whom he took to be the captain, writing on his slate, and he asked him what he made the reckoning; but receiving no answer, he turned round and found no one there. Thinking it strange that the captain, or whoever it was, had so suddenly dis- appeared he went on deck and enquired of the captain if he had been below, and on the captain denying that he had been in his cabin, and the mate asserting that he saw some one writing on the slate, they both went to examine the slate, and behold, on it was written, "Steer to the north-west." "Who wrote that?'' said the captain. "The man," said the mate. "Are you making a fool of me?" said the captain. "I swear I saw a man writing on the slate," said the mate. "Well," said the captain, "this is strange; we will enquire of the crew." So they called in succession the officers, the steward, the cook, and the sailors, and every one of them declared that he had not written on the slate; they then diligently searched tbe ship, but not a soul could they find that did not belong to them. "Well," said the captain, "this beats all and I will see what will come of it; so 'bout ship and steer to the north-west," and so they did and after sailing on that course some time they came in sight of a ship that had foundered on a rock, and all hands in imminent danger of being lost. They could then see why they had been sent to the north-west. Of course they immediately set about rescuing the crew and passengers; when, on one of the latter coming on board, the mate ex- claimed, "That is the man whom I saw wntmg on the slate." Well, they took him into the cabin, and turning over the slate, desired him to write "steer to the north- west.'' He did so, and, strange to say, the writing was a facsimile of thestranger's. They then turned the slate and showed him the ghost's writing, which he acknowledged was like his, but he denied having written it. Now, let us take the reverend lecturer's text and see if "the thing asserted is not in its own nature selfcontra- dictory." In the first place, it must be observed that the stranger was not an orthodox ghost, seeing that his original was alive and well, and a real ghost is supposed to be the apparition of some one dead; in the next place, what was the use of them asking the crew, seeing that the mate was so well acquainted with the person of the ghost as to know him im- nediately he saw the original? And then are we to suppose that the ghost shifted the wind so as to take the ship N.W.; and if he had the power of getting on board the vessel and shifting the wind, why did he not speak and save them all so much trouble? We know Hamlet's ghost could speak, and why could not that? In conclusion, I may say that it would be a dangerous power conferred on ghosts if they can so faithfully copy people's handwriting, and many persons might be unjustly punished for forgery. Suppose a ghost took it into his head to write a cheque in the name of some benevolent person, and send it to me as a mark of respect at this genial season of the year, and suppose after I had got the money for the cheque it was found to be a forgery, I am afraid it would be a difficult matter for me to persuade a Jury that it was not me but a ghost that wrote it, and consequently I should be un- justly punished. I am, Sir, &c;, SCEPTICAL. 