DISTRICT NläWS. I [raou oes OWN OORRSSFOKDHNIS ] «INGLETON. ' Tile WHATHEB-The weather during the past week^ his been very warra. Saturday especially was extremely: hot-a sirocco-like wind continued to blow< greater part of that diy-the thermometer standing K*5i decrees in tho shade, and exposed to the bot wind at 120 degrees ; yesterday was also very warro, liüst evening the sky boc uno overcast, and at about three o'clock this morning a slight, shower 0f rain fell, but by sunrise the rain olouds h»d again oluared away. Towards noon to- day a thunderstorm approached ¿ingleton, and by one, o'clock it broke, accompanied hy a smart shower of rain,l which lastedfor about half an hour.- A-little after fouri o'olo -k another thunderstorm passed over Singleton, with a still heavier sliowor of rain. A large quantity of rain must have fallen, as sheetB of water may be S'en in dif- férant parts of the town. There are indications of anotli îr miprily of tho wet element, liven the little rain (hat has fallen to-day in Singleton and neighbourhood! must have a mont bonefioial effect, as many farmer« have prepared their land for the mutee crop, and were only awaiting a good shower of rain beforo putting ¡tintothe! ground. . " CHURCH OP ENGLAND DAY AND SBUDAT Pcnoot.-j The coiemony of laying the foundation stone of the Sin. gleton Church of lîugland Day and Sunday Sohool took pluoe this day, and proved n. very su oessful nffairi shortly after dinner hour the children, to the number of about 60,'formed in procession at the school, and prol ceeded thence to All Saints Church. Upon arrival al the church the Itev. Mr. 11.oakwood, B.A , engaged in Íirayers, after whian a most impressive a rmon was def ivered by the Hov. Mr. W. W Dove, Incumbent of Jerry's 1'iains, with Falbrook. From the oburch the children iig.vin wont in procession towards the scene of operations, followed by the.older members of tbeoongrer gution and members of other denominations. The foun- dation stone hiving been duly prepared by thooontraotir, Mr Urown, the ceremony of laying the,sionowes then performed by Mrs. Kingston, the lady of one of oucprjn cip.il storekeepers, who performed the task allotted to hur m a (irst-rnto style. Having tapped tbe stone with the mallet three times, Mrs. Kingston deolared the foun- dation »tone of tho Singleton Church of england , Day and Sunday School to be well and truly laid, in the name of the Father, the Sou, and (he Holy Ghost. Addresses were then delivered by the Itev. Mr.. Blackwood and b> the Rjv. J. S White, of St. Andrew's X'resbytori in durch, after H hich the Donodiotion was pronounced, and the numerous assemblage shortly afterwards dispersed. Wo omitted to mention that a portion of the Singleton Od fallowi' Bin I waa present during tho proceeding,. blNQIiKTOR AN» PATRICK'S PlAINS BENEVOLENT SOOIETT.' -Tho annual Bubscriptions towards this excolleat sooiety will be colleoted in a few days by -the Seorotsry, Mr. Poppenbagen The funds ot the society have become very much reduced duiing tbo past year, owing princi- pally to the iarge expenditure m connection with the building and the necessary outbuildings, furnishings, and stores of all description, which bad to bo provided when the new system ol' management carne into force., livery body is agreed upon the point that the now system of management has worked admirably, although a great deal of the success attending upon the new system< must be attributed to Mr. Weaver, ibe dispenser, and the officer« of the institution unilur his charge, for the oare and assiduity with which they have always disoharged ihíir (liriea. Still, however excellently the asylum is now conducted the faot of bringing a new system of management into force, his entailed a lirge addition to the usual expenditure, whiah has been still more swelled by tlio largo acoesion to our population during the last twelve months which has caused an inorease in the num- ber of inmates in our Asylum in an equal ratio, t The usual i h como of the sooiety has further been considerably curtailed though the new Publicν' Aot, for sinoe tbe passing of that /iel no drunkards' fines have been re- ceived ¡ and judging from the number of persons con» tiouilly brough', up tor drunkenness, that item alone nant be a very considerable loss to the society- wo should think, at least, from £ñl to £100 during the last oight mululu. The Uovernmont having generously pluoed tbo sum oi £201) on the estimates, in aid of the 8\. mid P. P. lljoovolent Society, on condition of an eijual amount being raised by private subscriptions, the committee me striving hard to maka np tlut amount, and we liavo no doubt that if tlio'Committee is duly supported by the public they will be able to raise that amount. Wo trust, therefore, that those of the sub- scribers who can alford it, and there are a good mauy of thom in this district will double or troblo their luual subscription, it o ily for the present occasion and that others win have never suhsoribed anything, and upon some of whom thU institution has considerable olaims, will como forward liberally on this occasion, by subscrib- ing handsomely towards the funds of the B. and P. P. lionovoient Society. i ?? AUCTIONEERS' LICENSES -The adjourned annual meet- ing for granting onoli meorB' licenses, took place this day, when the following district licenses were granted : -Walter Rotton, George Robert Sexton, J. W. Camp- bell, and James Fredericks. PUBLICANS' I IOENSES--The monthly meeting for'the granting of publicans' licenses took place this day, when the following parties applied for licenses:-Henry tjtad dook, tor a new "boose, to be called the Terminus Hotel, neal- the railway station, Singleton; Henry Batts, for a new house, to be called Hawkins' Post- office Hotel, Cam- ber well j Hernard Keogh, for a new home, to be called the Bridge Hotel, John-street, Singleton ; Samuel Snape, for the Belford Arms-Inn, Belford. After some disons-' sion, tho whole of the lionsos were granted. . , Singleton Deo. 9th. ' (From the Singleton limei, Dec. 6.) UPFER HUNTER QUARTZ-ORUSUINO ASSOOIATIOX -We hog- to oill tbe attention of our readers une) of the public generally to a prospeottts in our present columns, en- titled "The Upper Hunter Quartz-Crushing Association." Wo believe that this is tho first gold cofiîpany whioli hal been boforo the, publia for tho lust ten years in this colony In V'iotoria, so soon a« the alluvial diggings began to fail, mining onterp.-MO, capital, and machinery Weiro brought to bear on (lia auriferous qusrlr reef», and by this menus alone has the «¡«ter colony been enabled to hold her high position m th« largest gold producer in the world. All the experienced persona who hare visited the Upper Hunter district, pronounce the »me to he full of quarts reefs, nil mute ur lean aurif.-rous, and only re- quiring capital to developo their real value. There is plenty at present lying dormant, a» the induoement for pastoral und agricultural pursuits ia far fioin being crest, and long-sighted persons begin to think it desirable to have two strings to their how», and see if onr mother on tli will not, for the present keason at least, yield up lier subterranean riches, whilst she so stubbornly refuses those whioli usually bliss her surface. lu the committee and management generally we have the greatest con li (lonou. To have a permanent ejuartz diggings established would not only benefit this town, but also those of Mui vrellbrook, Scone, and Mutrurundi, and tra vvisU'the pro- moters every suocei« in their spirited undertaking. , OKNISOH DIOOINOS -We perceive that the last escort took down 120 oz« 8 dwts and 8 grs from Moonan. This amount is oonsidewbly in excess of any previous re- turns. The previous escorts took down 81 i zu, making a total of 200 ozs. for the month of November. Assuming i forty miners to bo at work, thil would give an average o' Sozi, per man, which is at leastequal toother diggings, i tvhioli dave got more celebrity, hut not more gold. MAU. lloiiDKUT.-Ocoasslonal détections from the mail robbery some tim« ago, turn np to proTe that roguery don't prosper. Two mon aro now iu custody for having had in their possession, and attempting to pass and ntter a oorlnin cheque, drawn by G. P IJownno, Esq., on the oramercial li ink, Maitland, for the sum oi £32 19s Cd .Prisoners made au impotent defence, and will be heard nett Tuesday SALE OF THE CAMBERWELL TOLL-BAR-The lease of the tolls and dues to be collected during the year at the Camberwell Toll-bar, on the Great Northern Road, was put up by public siiotion, at the Singleton Police office, on Wednesday last, the Clerk of Petty Sessions officiat- ing as auctioneer. An attempt at frolic was manifested among the attendance, which was pretty numerous, and the bidding ran np to £823 15s. When the high-priced candidate was called on, he failed to satisfy the demand for the fulfilment of his offer, and the next bidders in order repudiated their bargains. Upon being again put up, the former lessee, Mr. Dunn, was the successful bidder, at £516. 