FANNY GRAHAM'S DREAMS. (from fbazek's magazine.) (Continued.) ' And what has made my child so pale to day V I asked the morning after that momentous letter had taken its course, -when Fanny came to pay me her daily -visit, and I saw her looking sad Repressed, and unlike, oh, utterly! the fresh, joyous, Baucy Pan, who smiled when her lover asked if she felt any dread, and who kissed her mother when she sent, off that announcement as one kisses a benefactor. And now she flung her self on a low chair, sighing as if would throw down, a burden heavily. ( .1 did not like to see her thus, and I asked again what was the matter with her, and what had come across to thus disturb her. ? ?' Nothing, madre .'' she answered. Dear angel !' she used often. to call me madre, sometimes 'mother ;' for she knew bow happy this title, shadowy as it was, made me, and how my heart would leap upward to greet a name bo dear, so vibrating in every fibre, as it stirred her lips. I kissed her forehead — my favorite action. Few caresses are more delightful than this one on the brow. It expresses ?o much ; reBpeot, and yet protection, devotion, superiority, the blessing of a parent, and the adoration of a lover. I always kissed Fanny on her forehead, and she used to hold this spot sacred tome. Ah, not much is held sacred to an old maid when a young lover claims manorial rights ! I suppose this is as it should be; but as I never had a lover, young or old, I do not know. As I bent over Fanny, andshe strove to look indifferent, throwing that fixed stolid expression into her eyes, which more than any is the most painful proof of how much is suffered, I saw a truant tear come peering out from between the portals of her lids, pressing through that fringed grating which hung down as a curtain before the tent of a goddess. And then it pressed out further and further, -until it rested on her cheek. Now this was unequivocal : there was sorrow in some shape here. ' Had Horace been unkind, or mamma forebod ing i' I asked her in my tenderest accents, and with all a mother's solicitude; but I only drew from her the words, sobbed forth, as if they were her death decree, 'I had a dream last night !' I might have said she was a little fool, for I felt slightly provoked ; but I did not speak, and I ?took credit for my forbearance. I thought of my young ladies at Bellevue, and pictured their faces if they had known me so indulgent, whom they had ever found so severe. But, alas ! — and I sigh formy own weakness — there is is no justice in the world : Astrsea died before Fan ! ' And what is this dream about, my good child?' and I looked grave, for it was a fitting opportunity for inculcating a little wholesome advioe, and I could not conscientiously let it pass. ' And what can there be in a fantastic vision to make you sad? In' all the mystery round the subject of our dreams, my child, this light is strong and clear enough, that they are in fluenced in ninety-nine cases out of a hundred by the general health.' Fanny colored. I saw she did notiiike my do mestic pharmacy. ' 'Come, the dream, . love — what waB it all about? Did the new potatoes disagree with you ? or a ghoBt of the cherry-tree tart sit heavily? Was it a ghoul or a cockatrice ? a ser pent or a fiend ? What sermons lie in cherry atones? - ' Not half so untrue, and mueh more painful than snakes and reptiles and fabulous monsters,' ? BiU A U1AUJT, |IUUMUgi Her voice was sharp and her manner petulant. I held a discussion with myself as to the difference between grief and nervous irritability — which I believe is the new name for bad temper — and I decided that Fanny required medicine ; that her digestion must be deranged, else her nerves -would not be thus unstrung, and her mind bo excitable. On which decision I acted; for without a word of reproof or ex hortation, -which only makes matters worse when they are already bad, I forthwith con cocted for her a beverage of useful herbs — a thing I had often done before. And this is a mode of proceeding I would strongly urge on all mothers i and guardianB of youth ; and not only on them, but on all wives, friends, and lovers, tormented by the evil humors of those dear to them. De pend upon it, as a sacred fact, the chemist's shop is often more useful than, the church; and a timely dose of salts and senna may save you and those around you from many a miserable hour. Yes, spare the rod in the nursery, the homily book in the drawing-room, and use the medicine cheat ; take a little sulphur in this world, and there will be less required in the next. 'A river flowed between Horace and myself,' began Fanny, her young cheeks flushed with her herb tee, and her eyes bright and large, ' and I thought we were separated for ever. I strove to eroBB, but the waves rose up high and large, and nearly overwhelmed me. We were both in despair ; and yet I thought that Horace could have come to me, though I was unable to go to him, but that some fear, some horrid dread, held him back. There was shouting oh the banks of the river ; shadowy voices, but loud ; only they seemed to be in the air and not to cleave it, and they all were urging Horace to cross the river. I, too, knelt on the shore, and theblack waves bubbled kigh, to my very lips, andl^ prayed to him to come to me. He was irresolute, and looked back. The country on his side was very beautiful, all green fields and lovely woods and gardens ; while mine was a bleak, barren heath, with rocks rising like ghosts in the distance. The voices were louder and louder, and my heart seemed to break as it heard them, and saw the hesitation of Horace; but he still looked to the gardens and fields, and seemed to shudder at the river and the country it led him to. At last his face grew brighter, and he prepared to cross ; and then a thin, iron bridge, ?which I had not seen before, rose up from the ?waters. It was only a single bar, and had neither balustrade nor rail, and it was slippery and dangerous ; but it was very bright, and the sua light fell on it when all the rest of the scene was in gloom. The voices cheered on Horace,; and I myself felt no terror at seeing him oross the narrow stair that led to the thin- rail. It did not appear possible that he should falter. He stood for a moment, and then walked swiftly, safely aoroBB. I woke myself with crying bitterly, and' (and here she wept again) ' it has made ms feel bo dull and nervous to-day that I cannot help crying, even for nothing I' ' But Horace joined you, love. Your time of lonelinefs and doubt was over, and you found your lover faithful and yourself safe — why this distress r Had you been left to yourself, and had Mr 'Winter turned back to his pleasant land, you might have accepted it as an omen gloomy enough ; but, really, as it is I cannot see any cause for tears.' ' He left a pleasant country for me,' sobbed Fanny, ' and I had only a barren heath to share with him. What can this portend ?' she asked earnestly, looking up into my face with a whole life's interest in her eyes. ' It may mean this, Fanny, dear — if, indeed, ; it be not worse than folly to speak so giavely of an idle dream; — but it may mean that Horace, for you and your love, must leave, , a mode of life heretofore his own, and very pleasant. But re member, Fan, that to leave this mode of life for any extent of privation and pain is no sacrifice-where there is love. Hear me well, my child; in all the kingdoms of the soul one only iB worth the indwelling— Love. And by this I do not mean that passionate, fervid fancy, which men and women often miscall by a name so grandly holy — I mean that interfusion of two beings which, while it gives the highest joy, gives exercise, also, for the greatest virtues.' I spoke earnestly and eagerly ; and as I spoke tears fell down my face — my foolish,« withered, wrinkled face. Ah ! but the love of which I then spoke hns nothing to do witL sensuous beauty; and even I, old and unlovely, could feel to my very inmost heart that I had not been shut out from its heritage. A man's large, kindly voice, and a huge pointer dog, told that Horace Winter had come to find his beloved ; and then all gloom and clouds vanished, and Fanny sprang up to meet him like a sweet May morning of smiles, and blushes, and girlish vernal joy. They strolled into the garden, glad te be alone, as they Bay all loyers are ; and I sat in the window watching them with pride, and glorying in their youth and love, as if they formed a rainbow round my head. Days passed; no letter arriving from Horace's father, either of refusal or of acquiescence. The young people forgot all cause of anxiety in the happiness of being still together, and Mrs Gra ham had too much mild phlegm to distress herself for the possible. I had the least actual right to be uneasy, and yet I felt more than any other. It is often so ; Providence has so apportioned our burdens, that when our own are not heavy enough we steal part of our neighbor's, and lighten his thereby. At last the postman — who, by the way, in our village was a postwoman and a donkey brought in the Graham letterbag, in which was a letter to Mrs Graham and another to Horace, both in the same handwriting. I saw Horace flush and then turn pale ; but he broke the seal with a manful burst of courage, and commenced the reading. Fanny was not in the room, and I felt thankful that she was spared the intense anxiety which consumed my very heart. Horace finished his letter as Mis Graham finished hers. He was silent, pale as the marble against which he leant; and then : unmanned by a passionate flood of tears from the calm, gentle mother, he too buried his face in his hand, and I saw his whole body writhe and quiver with convulsive efforts to repress his own tears. I wanted nothing more. Silently I rose, and silently I prayed that the kind Father above us all would support these his children in the day of their affliction. And yet what right had they to receive this affliction ? No other reason did Mr Winter give for his refusal than the want of a cor responding fortune. Horace was dependent entirely on his father ; and though the old man possessed' ample means, even if he had then in his lifetime shared them with his son, yet it had become.his dogma, his decree, that Horace should marry only an heiress. The particular heiress he liberally left to his son's choice. He might range through wide England and select his bride where he would, provided she had the same, or nearly the same' fortune which in the future he would have. Such a poor, pretty wench as Fanny he ruthlessly dis carded. Horace to marry her ? It were sacri lege ! Black whiskers, a college education, and engaging manners, are worth something in the matrimonial market; and to barter them away for modesty, truth, beauty, and love, were to buy sugar plums with guineas and roses with life drops. No, the fiat came forth. Horace must leave Brendon instantly ; he must repair to his paternal home— the ^love-sick prodigal. He then might travel, work, flirt, do anything he chose ; but he must and should forget Fanny Gra ham. All further supplies were to be stopped ; and as Horace had not more than twenty pounds in his purse, out of which he had to pay some small bills of butcher and landlady, this was a for midable threat, and Mr Winter was not a man to threaten idly. He had been a manufacturer and a railway speculator ; a dabbler in foreign mines and a director of new companies ; a din all these various capacities he had seen and experienced such sudden changes, such beggary and affluence, that money has become his one, sole, all-absorbing thought, and how to secure it free from risks, his greatest care. It had become to him— alas, Mr Winter is not alone in this creed ! — his virtue. By it he estimated the morality of men, their worthiness, their dignity; and with out it he looked on all goodness as apocryphal and fabulous. The poor might be good, but not in his way ; and he was belter. pleaBed to know them by report than by acquaintance. But the rich— the successful railway gambler, the thriving manufacturer — oh, how he lauded them, and spoke largely of their thrift and industry, their capacity for business (better gift, thought he, than Raphael's pencil or Shakspere's pen), their honor and their integrity. You may turn to the parliamentary reports, and there find such and such of the old man's monied idols ques tioned by committee-men as to their cruelty ; but they are rich, and can they be bad? Triumph antly does English sooiety of the nineteenth cen tury declare, No ; for wealth is worth 1 With such a creed as this did Mr Winter meet the text of Horace's love; and with such para phrase interpret his matrimonial desires. And now commenced a long and painful struggle in the young man's mind. I watched it as one watches a disease. I saw itB stages, now of fever then of depression; now strong in a false strength, then weakened below an infant's power. So many conflicting feelings strove for mastery A .Some obedience to his father — though this of itself exclusively was not much; some luxurious dread of poverty ; passion; shame to desert a girl so good and true; and the natural opposition of a proud temper im patient of control ; — all these warred with each other, and made hit conduct for the next few days aadly inconsistent. Fanny was silent, even to me ; but her tearful eyea and haggard cheeks told plainly that she too perceived the hesitation of her Lover, and that this hesitation caused her so much the more anguish, as she was unable to control it. In common life few young women have the moral courage — nor is it desirable that they should have — to force a decided line of conduct on their lovers, and so end a painful state of suspense and indecision. Fanny could not, dared not, urge on Horace a fivm, unwavering bearing ; she dared not urge on him to take her as a wife, and so brave his father's anger ; still less could she nerve her Belf to say the words that should separate them forever, andconiemn both to a life of coldness and deBpair. And Horace, by his fitful, wayward manners, did not seem much inclined to adopt one unfailing course of action. I have lived long enough to know that man makes his own fate, and that the strongest in character, the most single in aim and purpose, and the most direct in act, are the happiest from these very causes. The only real misery is weak ness. Regret, wavering,— that kind of puerile idealism which demands all before it can be satis fied, and which will not find happiness or suffi ciency in that which it has ; indecision, weakness in any shape, is unhappiness ; a strong, bold, de termined, energetic nature, must and does con quer events, and make life and all that surrounds it slaves to its own will. And when I hear, men or women lament their fate, I often draw down their indignation by turning the balance, and showing them how, by their o vra want of nerve and muscle of character, they have made their misfortunes heavier, or transformed what in other hands had proved a blessing, by weakness into a curse. Oh, above all, would I inculcate on people these words,— Make your decision firmly, act promptly, and never look back to regret impossibilities, or waste a life so valuable and precious in re arranging the past and in futile reveries over a now impossible condition. Whutever is done, let the tomb of thepast hold it sacredly sealed. You cannot call it back to the living world ; and it is ill labor to galvanise the corpse, hoping to make it reani mate. It is done ; then brave all consequences of the .deed, and be firm and unshaken. And this was the counsel which one morning I poured forth promptly to young Horace, when, tormented with doubts and indecision, he came to take com fort and advice from me. He listened with a wonderful amount of respect, declared himself stronger and better, and left Brendon that very evening for the purpose of Boftening his father if possible ; but with a firm resolve to stand by his honor and make good his promise, and never, never through all time, to desert his own sweet Fanny. The effect ef this manly purpose was almost miraculous. Fanny recovered her smiles, and her eyes grew bright and clear once again, and her blithe voice shook off its doleful accents as raindrops from the wings of a bird ; and she became as of old, the playful, laughing, merry hearted Farj, who firmly believed that in all the trouble and distress of life she had a snug little corner to herself, where the Bun always shone, and where sorrow could not come. 'That firm belief of youth — oh, sad it is that it should ever be destroyed ! I rcneraber when I, too, believed it quite impossible that I should be unhappy when I was grown up. That was the golden age; that was the time when being able to utter all I felt, and to have all I desired, I should find nothing but one long day of joy. And many, many young hearts have I seen cherish the same delusion, which the few first years of a maturer life have utterly and for ever destroyed. But Fanny Graham laughed now and revelled in the gardens her hope had planted, and I was glad to see her so joyous, and to trust, as she did, in the honor and firmness of Horace Winter. The mo ther netted purses and antimaccassars, and partly forgot the actual in the ideal of a new worsted work screen, which had taken her heart captive, and which gave such ample employment to her mind and fingers, that I felt she might be in the Islands of the Blest ; for all that, she was in the rugged, hard working days of earthy life. Horace wrote often and warmly. He had seen his father, and in vain attempted to soften him. His mother had been won over by his prayers and entreaties to join her supplications to 'his ; and more, she had helped him with what private funds she possessed to dis charge a few college bills, which his father re fused to pay until a promise was given that Fanny Graham should be deserted. But every day and every letter, while it showed the fierce conflict which the poor boy had to undergo between his love and all those early ties, and associations, and prejudices which cling to ua the latest of all youth's companions, yet also showed a gradual strengthening and ennobling of his nature, and how he was preparing himself in this his first warfare for larger struggles and grander trials. I never saw a character develop so rapidly and so finely as Horace Winter's. For merly he had been one of those spoiled children of Fortune who had but one sorrow,— possession of too much and too easily-gained happiness. His wishes were no sooner uttered than gratified ; his every whim wbb studied, every desire obeyed, every prejudice pampered; of praise he had al ready a surfeit, in position he had all that he could hope for, in the acquaintances which he had made both at Eton and among the fellow- com- moners of Cambridge, of whom he had been one ; Fortune had been his slave, and he had ceased to regard her as an existence independent of his own. And in this Sybaritic state all his noblest qualities had lain dormant, and only the least amiable and worthy part of his being had grown to its full development. And now had come the hour when he must throw off this womanish softness, and endue himself -with sterner, larger, nobler virtues. And well he learnt the lesson Fate held but before him. Determined to give up all before his manliness and honor, Horace, aa I said, arranged Mb affairs ; with his mother's help paying off some small college-bills,, which, small as they were, were still too large for a purse so attenuated. He sold his horse too, and his dogs, his favorite gun, his every superfluity, and man fuJly set out to look for some employment. His father watched his determination with apparent in difference. What he might feel in the secret heart of him no one knew, not even his wife. His eyea were hard and coldly bright as ever hia laps never relaxed from their thin, close obstinacy ; not a sigh escaped him, not a tear, not a softened glance ; he briefly teld his son he was a fool, and warned him of the ruin that awaited him, but no other words passed between them on the subject. In all minor and daily relations of life they were on the best possible terms. He put the case to his son simply thus :— ' Give up that penniless Fanny of yours, and you shall have an unlimited credit at my banker's ; you shall travel, be your own master in every other respect % no questions shall be asked of h .w you employ your time or my money ; only give me your sacred pledge that you will not continue a correspondence with Miss Graham, nor marry any other woman without my sanction ! And if these conditions are not complied with, if you still hold yourself bound to this girl, and still in tend to make her your wife, you shall beg, steal, starve, die ; do any thing you chose in that way, but not one penny of mine shall pay for your children's bread, my roof shall not shelter you, nor my assistance aid you ; and, until these con ditions of separation and promise are complied with, you shall not draw another sixpence from me. Make your choice, my determination is in flexible.' And Horace did make his choice. He held to honor, and threw aside profit and advantage ; and Bwore to his own heart to die in deepest scorn and misery, rather than degrade his soul or forfeit his promise. Fanny Bhould not give him up either from any false principle of self- devotion: to gether they had found the golden flower of love, and together they would keep what God had given them. Horace at last succeeded, in getting a clerk's situation in a banking house. He had not been brought up to any actual profession, and the education of a fellow- commoner is not one very easily turned to account. He might have studied for the bar, he might have been articled to a solicitor, or have taken holy orders, or put down his name as a candidate for a cadetship. No, he was too old for that ; but then any one of the before-mentioned professions required a pri vate fortune for the first year, and poor Horace had but five pounds left to see him through thoBe many years of struggle and apprenticeship by which trades and pro'fessions in England are gained. He took small lodgings in London, worked hard at his desk all day, and many a blunder he, the gentleman, committed in work which he was wholly unaccustomed to, and many extra hours of trouble and labor were demanded to repair the faults of his inexperience. In the evenings he would write short articles for maga zines, and sometimes a political sketch for the newspapers; but as his was not the mind en aowed with great originality, he could not depend upon his literary productions for more than an agreeable douceur. He was what the world calls a clever or accomplished man ; not learned, or constructive. His fine-gentleman habits had not fitted him for the mode of life which now his fate had prescribed to him, and it was only by the greatest exercise of self-command ' that he could keep Mb attention fixed on subjects so distasteful. But he persevered, and in this perseverance was more of true nobility than even in the.flrst grandeur of his decision. The daily, plodding, patient continuance of small things un- : welcome, requires a different but a better kind of heroism than that which plunged Curtius into the gulf, or swam Codes acrosi the stream. Endurance demands a higher cou rage than daring; and the man who makes a public and somewhat theatrics 1 display of self sacrifice, however grand and large, is not equal te him who, without applause, or the incitement of sympathy, can give up his daily life to petty employments distasteful and unusual. The one has only the voice of his own heart to cheer him on ; the other has the acclamations of his time and the reverence of posterity. How strong, then, mnst be the ideal when it equals, nay, surpasses, the sensuous and the real! At last Horace, rea- c. liBing about a hundred and fifty pounds a-year, began to think of also realising his bride, and of transplanting sweet Fanny from Brendon to his London lodgings. The only opposition now offered came from Fanny. She feared to plunge her lover into difficulties. Deeply Bhe had felt his loyalty, and well had she repaid, with all her fond woman's heart, a love bo proved, but she hung back now. In vain Horace pleaded his lonely rooms, his desolate hours ; in vain he assured her that her sweet presence would cheer and help him on in his work, more than extra hours or an added faculty. : Fanny believed nothing ; and, in her disbelief, was inexorable. I was afraid to advise ; the experiment was too hazardous for any but the parties interested to take a share in it ; and our young friend must be left to the guidance of her lover and her own feelings. And, in truth, I did fear for both ; for her especially, if she were taken from her free, fresh life in a country so beautiful and healthy, to the stifling closeness of the poor gentleman's home in London. She was not one of those actively energetic people who could go through any circumstances unwern, and who could lighten poverty by their own industry and fore thought. She was good, but not in that way; noble and generous, rather than prudent; and I did dread this moat momentous trial. Mrs Graham's pension was too small for her to allow anything to her child. It was one of those critical incomes with which a good manager can make a respectable appearance without superfluity, but which cannot be cur tailed except at a greater loss than the compen sating good warrants. It was worse than useless to look to this as any possible aid ; and from the first Horace, who knew their circumstances, pe remptorily refused to do so. His manly feel ings had become fully roused, and he depended from henceforth only on himself and his own ex ertions. ' If these were sufficient guarantee,' he wrote, 'for Fanny to leave a certainty for him, then he felt that their happiness waB secure. Whatever their future, it could not bring them separation ; and while united, they might assure themselves of as much and intense blessedness asmorta s can possess.' Fanny's was one of those natures apparently yielding, but in reality possessing a fund of firm ness which we look for in vain in too many stronger characters. This once overcome, then Bhe was plastic as wax, taking hue and form at the -will of the artist, moulded into a Muse or a Grace, a Juno or a Hebe, at pleasuro. And Horace' had so moulded her in all particulars Bave this, the moat important. He had fashioned her to receive and believe all his own opinions.; to quote bis favorite authors, and hold by his in fallible guides ; and in loving Fanny's words, he often forgot that he loved the mete echo of his own. She had become what all women who wish to be happy as wives ought to become, — the reflec tion of his mind ; the image of his soul, purified and refined, if weakened, but bearing his features and giving out his expression. Only she would not many; and Horace was obliged to come down to Brendoh bodily, before she could be brought to hear reason. I was pained, and yet pleased to see him. How altered he was! Ah, that fresh flush of youth had gone, and he now was pale and thin ! But how full of thought ' and feeling was hiB face ; how far higher thin the gay, galliard, handsome youth, who made the world his football, and jested merrily with Fate ! He had aged years on years, but he .had also gained the dignity and moral elevation of those years. He was gzave ; that light, unthinking, and sometimes boisterous laugh was never heard ; but often a sad, sweet smile, which told most elo quently of a heart softened, a nature enlarged. And by suffering, Horace had learned to love — to love, in wider' sense than Fanny could contain — to love, through pain, all toiling, suffering hu manity ; to feel where he once had jeered, to help where once he had slighted, to love where he had b corned, and where he had despised to appreciate worthily. And once more I knew in life the value of sorrow, and how, from the depths of this, the soul unfolds more glorious and more true than ever rainbow-tints of cloudless joy can make it. '?Marry him, Fanny,' I said ; ' marry him, and down on your knees, my child, to' thank our God that he has given to your hand a treasure so rarely bestowed. Marry him, Fan, and hold him as sacred as the men of old held their high priest; for he stands before you, in his life showing forth a divine reveladan by the dignity and strength he has gained from suffering and work I' Fanny clasped her arms ronnd my neck, and whispering, ' I am not worthy of him,' she suffered him to take her to his heart, and bless her with, the first sound of ' wife !' And next week saw' them really, indissolubly mairied ; and never rose a day that looked to me so bright and sunny as this the wedding day of little Fanny Graham. ' , Mr Winter, senior, invested half his fortune in some Spanish mines ; and when Horace was wandering through the woods with his young bride, he turned to his sad wife exclaiming, ' Our fortune, Mary, will be trebled; and when it is so, I have determined to build a splendid church and parsonage ; for I think it only right to give a tithe— a tithe, you know, Mary— and even then I shall die almost a millionaire ':' Mrs 'Winter looked up and smiled faintly ; for she thought of Horace struggling as a banker's clerk in Lendon, and she could not but say to herself, 'The best piety would be forgiveness and assis tance. To build churches and allow a son to starve, is surely superstition in its worst foim— ? uncharity taking the garb of religion !' But she was silent, as a wife should be ; and Mr Winter laid his head on his pillow, satisfied that he was a righteous man exceedingly. . f To be conchtded in our next.) 