LECTURE ON CATS. A lecture on " cats" was dulivered by Dr. O. S. Evans, in connection with the Balmain Total Abstinence Society, on Tuesday evening last, in the Temperance Hall. The Hall was completely filled in every part, and not a few of the ladies of the neighbourhood graced the meeting with their présence. On the motion of the Rev. Thomas A. Gordon, N. D. Stenhouse, Esq., took the chair, and after some pre liminary remarks, introduced Dr. Evans to the meeting, such introduction being in the Doctor's case, of course, a mere matter of form. From the able and interesting manner in which the subject was handled, we are induced to give our readers a somewhat lengthy report of the lecture. "Natural history" said the lecturer, has ever been a favourite study with the young, in tracing the history of animals; so many collateral and such pleas ing varities of observations present themselves, either in regard to their habits, geographical distribution, the nature of their food, or their capacity for being made, subservient to the necessities or pleasures of mankind. Mr. Stenhouse having chosen for his lecture one of tho domesticated animals, man's faithful friend and compa nion, the " dog," I thought I could not do better than take the next most domesticated animal,-"the cat." Like the ghost in Hamlet, it can a tale unfold,"and I propose, categorically, to describe it's origin and habits. More than is generally supposed has been written about this animal-it has shared in the vicissitudes of fortune common to all sublunary beings, at one time worshipped as by the Egyptians-at a later period the butt of practi cal jokes and general persecution-the victim of keeping bad company. Poets have at various times invoked the Muse in its behalf. As with many other animals it is a disputed point whence was the real origin of the do mestic cat : some authorities as Linnaeas, Pennant and Cuvier, consider the wild cat at present found in all the forests of Europo and Northern ABla to have been the progenitor of the domestic cat. Sir W. Jardine and others consider it is probable that from a variety discovered by Dr. Ruppell, in Nubia sprung the Tom's and Selina's of the present day. The wild cat is a much larger and stronger animal than the tame, and the tail differs materially, being of the same size all the way down, and less than half the length of the body. The wild cat looks like a stout dwarf tiger, it is of a yellowish gray, with dark stripes; the tail always terminates in a black tuft. It is very fierce, hence the motto of the Scottish clan Chattan-" Touch not the cat without the glove." The Nubian is smaller than the domestic cat, the tail longer and more taper, although tufted at the end, the ears longer, the legs more slender. Domestication generally increases the size of animals, and this .is the chief argument relied upon to support the Nubian theory, unlesss care be de- rected to secure, by breeding in and in, a minute race, as in the case of bantams or lap dogs. Although cats often run wild and bare offspring, yet they do not approximate to the genuine wild cat, but re tain prominently their anatomical distinctions. The true extraction of the domestic cat remains a vexed question. It is hardly necessary for me to describe the animal anatomically, the sharp tooth, the mechanism by which the claws aro projected or retracted, and the velvet paws changed into weapons of aggression. Doubtless many of you have practically experienced the efficiency of the arrangement. The principal varieties are the tabby, the tortoiseshell, from Spain, ths bluish chartreuse, and the Persian or Angora: also the manx or tailless, cat, found in the Isle of Man ; there is besides, a whitish cat, with blue eyes, said by Shaw, to be always deaf. The male tortoiseshell is so exceedingly rare, that one was exhibited in London, about 30 years ago, and enormous sums have been offered for them. As a proof of the strength of the cat, for it's size, a lady, res iding near Penrith, assures me that her cat frequently brings into the house a full grown opposum to feed upon. The wild cat is not indigenous to the Australian continent or the Pacific Islands. When Typhon made war on the Heathen Gods-the legend runs, that to avoid the fury of the onslaught, the gods were fain to cbange themselves into the form of animals, until Jupiter dealt destruction to the foes of Olympus with his thunderbolts. Hecate chose tho form of a cat. This choice of Hecate, the Goddess of Night, has been a legacy of woe to the unfortunate object of her prelidection, who has been, ever since, popularly con sidered as the peculiar favourite of the powers of dark ness, and is the form in which superstition delighted to paint the familiar spirits of magicians and witches. When visiting the earth-Shakespeare mentions cats 48 times-in his play of Macbeth. Act 1 Padocke calls within. lst Witch.-I come, I come. Grimalkin. Act 2. 2nd Witch.-Sometimos like branded cats we show, Having no muscle but our mew. To which we dance in some old mill, Upon the hopper, stone or weel, &c; Act 4.-Scene : Dark cave, in the middle great cauldron burning 1st Witch.-Thrice the brinded cat hath mew'd 2nd Witch-Twice and once the hedgepig whin'd", &c; Also, in Ceriolanus and elsewhere there is not any direct mention of cats in Scripture, but a learned com mentator considers that the Hebrew word in the original in Isaiah chap. xiii. v. 21., means these animal- " But wild beasts of the desert shall be there-and their houses shall be full of doleful creatures,-and owls shall dwell there, and satyrs shall dance there." In tho book of the Apocrypha in Baruch, which probably dates about 300 B.C., where the writer is illustrating the variety of the idols of the heathen Babylonians he states in chapter vi. veno 22 -" Upon their bodies and heads sit bats, swallows, and birds, and tho cats also." The historian Herodotus, who lived 100 years B.C., testifies to the veneration in which cats were held in Egypt, and mummies of them, richly ornamented, are frequently exhumed to this day. They agree exactly with the living Nubian variety discovered by Dr. Ruppell. In Abysinnia, a cat always forms part of a marriage dowry, for fear the mice should eat up the other portions. It was the custom at one time in some cities of Europe to burn, on St. John's, day, a cat, with all the honors of an Auto du.Fe. Little is known as to the first introduc tion or domestication of the cat into the British Isles. Among the laws of the ancient Welch Prince Howel, or Hoel Dda, occurs the first detailed notice of its existence and utility, it must have been rare, from the care taken to fix its price-a penny for a kitten, doubled after it had caught its first mouse, fouirpence for a mouser; money was much more valuable then than now, and the price was high for the times. If any one stole a cat ho had to forfeit a ewe, its fleece, and lamb, or as much wheat as-when poured on the cat, suspended by the tail, its head touching the ground as would form a heap high enough to cover the tip of the former. (Here the lecturer referred to Whittington and his cat, and afterwards quoted from Bell, Lees, Broderip, Jesse, and other authorities, to show that the affection of tha cat extends occasionally, in a marked degree, to persons as well as to places; and also instanced, as friends of this animal, Petrarch, Mahomed, Montaigne, Johnson, the gruff old lexicographer, and others. "Puss at home," said the lecturer, inspires a notion of comfort, and is associated with the idea of drawn curtains, a well spread teatable, the kettle singing on the hearth, and puss purring contentedly an obligato accompani- ment. This animal is also the guardian of the store room, the dairy, and the larder, and exhibits the greatest patience in watching for its prey. Its treatment of it is certainly cruel, and it exhibits fiendish ingenuity in torturing its victims. Although some consider that puss waasmerely meant to be shod with walnut shells-made to imitato comets with a lighted squib tied to his tail, and similar experiments yet, when kindly treated, few animals become more attached; they follow their patrons like dog, and watch for them when absent. Although cats evince great dread of tho water, they have been known to go in after. their favourite food, ffish, and when taken away from home, to cross, on returning, deep and rapid rivers. I have known, said tho leoturer, several instances where the fondness of this animal for fish has proved fatal, from eating the toad fish, which abounds in the shallows. Unlike the dog, the disposition of the cat is mean and suspicious; a friendship of years is cancelled in a moment, by an accidental tread on his tail or foot ; he spits, claws, and runs off disgusted ; the dog, on the contrary, after the first expression of pain, fawns and seeks sympathy." Dr. Evans next dwelt at con slderable length on the superstitions which used to be associated with this animal in connection with wizards and witches, and quoted largely from Brand, Mackay's Popular Delu- sions, &c;, in illustration, and instanced several cases on record of persons who had suffered death, and been visited with cruel persecution by the superstitions of a bygone age, in consequence of their secluded mode of life, and the familiar terms on which they lived with this domestic animal. He also enlivened the lecture with many amusingly absurd extracts from history of the strong belief our ancestors entertained of the intimate connections, which they held existed between witches, witchcraft and cats. " 1591-King James and what befell his ships coming furth of Denmark ;" 1661-The Demon Drummer of Tedworth," &c.;, &c;, and many others too numerous for this report, but not so for the audience, as was evident from the repeated bursts of approbation. The interest having been kept up for some two hours, the Doctor very cleverly wound up with the following from Cruikshank's Omnibus O'Flynn she was an Irishman, as very well was known. And she livod down by Kilkenny, and she liv'd there all alone. With only six great large Tom Cats as knew their ways about, And every body else beside, she scrup'lously shut out. Oh, very fond of cats she was (and whisky, too,'tis said); Sho did'nt feed'em very much, but she comb'dem well instead As may be guessed, those large Tam Cats, they did'nt get very sleek, Upon a combing once a day, and a haporth once a week, Now on one dreary wlnter's night, O'Flynn she went to bed. The whisky bottle under her arm (the whisky in her head); The six great large Tom Cats they sat all In a dismal row, And horridly glared their hungry eyes-their talls wagged to and fro. . At last one grim greymalkin spoke in accents dire to tell, And dreadful were the words which in his awful whisper fell, When all the other five Tom Cats In answer loud did squall. Uh horrible ! oh terrible! oh deadly tale to tell When thesun shone In the window hole all there seemed still and well. The cats they sat and licked their paws all in a merry ring, But nothing else within the place looked like a living thing, Anon they quarrelled savagely, and spit and swore and hollo'd Till at lsst these six great large tom cats, they one another swallowed, And nought but one long tail was left in that once peacefull dwelling, And a very tough one too it was Its the one as I've been telling. The lecturer sat down in tho midst of a burst of applause. A vote of thinks was moved in most graceful terms by N. D, Stenhouse, Esq., and seconded by the Revd. Mr. Gordon, which was carried with acclamation. The meet- ing terminated wiith the usual compliment to the chair man which was moved by Mr. Reynold, teo secretary, who also announced a Temperance meeting for Tuesday evening, the 14th instant. 