8Je Wteklg C|rmrale. ADELAIDE : SATURDAY, JANUARY 25. 1862. A WOED FOE AUSTEALIA. The Psoplb of this PBOTiNCEliave travelled 15,000 miles from the mother country ; not be cause they were disloyal to their Queen, not be cause they were impatient of the restraints of a lawful Government, not because they had trans ferred their affections from the institutions and customs of their fatherland to those of foreign nations. They came here hoping and resolving to build up another Britain ; to assist inlaying the foundations of another England ; fiiey came hither with the fondest recollections of the home of their childhood, the home of their fathers, and frouithehour of their landing no ideahas been more constantly before the mind, than the idea of reproducing in this hemisphere the good old laws, usages, and institutions of England. There may have been a little ' ignorant im patience of taxation,' a little love of roaming and desire to seek a wider and more promising sphere for enterprise ; but in spite of all draw backs, it is the pride of the people of this colony to be still a portion of the British Empire, and with all its faults they love It still. ? Being honestly conscious of the loyalty of this community, and of their desire to frame all the institutions of the land — not upon American but upon British maxima, we have read with equal sorrow and astonishment the frequent at tacks of late made upon us by the press of England. We are too profoundly impressed with the conviction that the English press means what is fair and just, to suppose for a moment that the misrepresentations of whieh we have to complain are toilful ; but most cer tainly — so far as this colony is concerned — more extraordinary misstatements could scarcely be put in type than those upon which the re proachful comments of English jour nalists have been based. We feel deeply convinced that those papers which hare thus heaped reproach upon Australian institu tions would not only have withheld that reproach had they been more fully and more impartially informed, but that in many instances instead of censure praise would have been awarded. The October mail presented us with a pretty good lecture from the Times, but the same mail brought us an antidote in the shape of a well reasoned and manly defence of the colonies by the Daily News. Whether the Daily News made the Times ashamed of itself or not, we cannot say, but the great leviathan of journalism did not renew its attack. The November mail, mirabile dictu, brings us, however, a terrific eastigation at the hands of the Daily News in the shape of a leading article headed ' From. a Correspondent.' Of cours.e, we understand that this phillipic is no t a Daily News leader, but simply a ' Correspondent's' letter, exalted into leader type, for reasons best known to the writer and the editor. We beg to call especial attention to this circumstance. The Daily News receives 'from a correspondent' a letter filled with misrepresentation and abuse of this colony and its institu tions. That letter is not published in the 'Open Column,' but is glorified by all the adventitious aids of large typs and prominent position. But whilst thus exalted as a leader, it is a leader that the Editor is shrewd enough not to make himself responsible for, so he publishes it with the prefix— r-' From a Correspondent.' It is not at all surprising that a writer can be found to abuse the institutions of South Aus tralia. In what community are there not similar persons ? A man's worst enemies are often to be found amongst his own relatives, and if there are those who know enough of South Australia to write leading articles in her dispraise, it is no more than may be said of New South Wales, Victoria, in fact any other colony, nation, or community under the sun Consequently we are not surprised to find that this colony has to share the common lot, aa respects abuse, misrepresen tation, and calumny. Perhaps if the Daily News had published the name of the ' corres pondent' who wrote the article now referred to, we might have been able to give our contem porary some information on the subject of this terrible onslaught. But we do not know the writer, and, therefore, all we can say about him is that he utters falsehoods, concocts slander, and deals unjustly. The Times and Daily News — followed by two or three of the weekly organs — ask whether Great Britain has not been precipitate in granting self-government to these colonies ; and having started this question, proceed to show that the parent country was precipitate in placing our political destiny in our own hands. And how is this shown r ± he detractors ot tne Australian colonies scrape together everything that can found objectionable in the several members of the group, and having thus shown that something in one colony and something in another colony is objectionable, contend that thefolliea and foibles of the whole group are a sufficient reason why self-government should not be granted to any one of the number ! Thus, some absurd scheme is launched in New South Wales, some popular folly is exhibited in Victoria, and these are added to some doubtful movement in this colony, in order that by the union of all the follies of all the colonies, a case may he made out against each in detail. One would suppose that if a public writer wished to prove that New South Wales was unfit for self-government, the evidence in sup port of that proposition would be drawn from New South Wales itself; or that, if it were his object to prove that Victoria or South Australia should be again placed in leading- strings, the mis doings of each of those colonies would be collated separately, and kept apart, in support of the allegation against each. But no ; that will not do. To show that New South Wales is unfit for self-eovernment, all the follies of Victoria and South Australia are raked up ; and to show that South Australia is unfit to rule her own destinies, all the excesses of society in New South Wales and Victoria are superadded to her own delinquencies ! First of all, every thing in all the colonies to which the writer objects is scraped and heaped together, and this is then made the basis of operations against the freedom of each colony in particular. Thus, New South Wales is unfit for self-government because some one in Victoria proposes payment of members; and because in South Australia the Parliament vote for the removal of Judge Boothby. The same aguments are then shifted to suit Victoria, and to suit South Australia ; so that if the Daily News can deprive us of our .Constitution, and place us under military law, it wU! be, not only because we object to Judge Boothby overriding the Parliament, but because Sydney diggers expelled the Chinese at Lambing Flat, and because a certain clique in Melbourne are in favor of protective duties ! We really think if South Australia is to be put upon her defence, she should be held accountable for her own conduct only, and not for that of Victoria and New South Wales. The traducers of the Australian colonies in the mother country are always repeating one most palpable injustice, namely, they confound propositions which are rejected with proposi tions which are legalised. Suppose there were rowdies, and protectionists, and would be mob senators, and anti-immigrationists ; so there have been in England, but the British Parliament is notdenounced for measures which when proposed are scouted. And we can toll the Daily News and the anonymous calumiaators of this colony, that South Australians must wonderfully change before they sanction any of the wild schemes and mad experiments which may, notwithstand ing, be occasionally projected in this hemisphere, as they have been for years past in England, We claim to be judged — not by propositions made but by resolutions carried, and by per formances effected; — not by what is said and done in other colonies, but by what ia said and done in our own ; and we challenge the Daily Nezos or the Times to point to any chapter in the history of this province derogatory to its loyalty or its moderation. But we will deal with the principal objections seriatim. It is alleged that the Australian colonies are unfit for self- government, because the very men who were brought out at the expense of the public, now protest against further immigration We answer that if this were so it would no prove that the colonies are unfit for selfgovern ment until after it is demonstrated that the stop page of immigration was wrong. A few years ago we had thousands of unemployed immigrants in this province, fed with Government rations, and employed on works which the Government undertook purely to furnish the clamous multi tudes with work. The French idea of establish ing national ateliers was repugnant to the people of this colony, and ultimately immigration was suspended. But what is the case now? Why the Parliament of South Australia, the Parlia ment of Victoria, the Parliament of New South Wales, and the Parliament of Queensland, have each and all voted in favor of resuming im migration. The stoppage of immigration was but temporary, and we 'are prepared to defend the policy of its suspension at the time when it was stopped in this province. Now, however, it is resumed in all the colonies v — a fact unknown to or ignored by those who plead the suspension of immigration as evidencing the unfitness of these colonies to govern themselves. That they know how to regulate the labor market by suspending immi gration when labor is superabundant and by resuming it when that superabundance is absorbed, is, in our opinion, one of the strongest arguments in support of the fitness of the people to administer their own local affairs. It is also alleged that the Australian Parlia ments are filled with the offscouring of society, who vote themselves annual salaries out of the public revenue, and traffic in government for a living. This is grossly false. No Australian colony has adopted the principle of payment of members. There are individuals who wish it, and so there are in Eagland, but the pro position has never been legalised. Leaving the other colonies to answer for themselves, we dis tinctly aver that in South Australianothing is less likely than payment of members. In the Legis lative Council (consisting of 18 members) there is not — to our knowledge — one single member in favor of the practice ; and in the House of Assembly (consisting of 36 members) not more than three who advocate that view. It is quite as likely that members will be paid in England as that they will be paid here. And nothing can be more diametrically opposed to truth and fact than the statement sometimes made that the lower classes predominate in Parliament. It is not so in any one of the colonies ; but in South Australia, which we are primarily interested in defending, the statement is the very contrary of the truth. Nearly all the members, in both Houses of the South Austra lian Parliament, are either men of wealth aad station, or persons in the middle ranks of life, whose associations are much more with, the upper than with the lower classes. There are not two operatives (' working men') in the Parliament of South Australia ; and although it is perfectly true that in the ' heat of debate ' strong language is sometimes used, we are bold to state, after some little experience in the British House of Commons, that there is more latitude given and taken in that world-renowned assembly than in the little Parliament of South Australia. We have witnessed, in the reformed House of Commons, personal interruptions and interpellations such as are never attempted in the popular branch of our Colonial Parliament, and which, if attempted, would be instantly suppressed by the Speaker. This we state, defying contradiction, even on the part of those who are unfriendly to our Constitution. For four years past an official ' Hansard ' has been published, and we invite those who . ignorantly and indiscriminately charge tne Australian Legislatures with degrading and disorderly con duct, to search those authentic records for examples thereof, so far as this colony is con cerned. It is further alleged against the Australian colonists that they manifest a strong leaning toward protection, and that for this reason they are unfit for self-government. Good heavens ! what would Lord George Bentinck — what would the Duke of Richmond — what would other great men now gone have said, and many other great men of the present day — say to such an objection? But even this objection, absurd as it is, falls to the ground on examination. Pro tection has been demanded, but it has been refused, and except as relates to duties levied (as in England) for purposes of revenue, the Aus tralian colonies are essentially free-trade in sentiment and practice. In South Australia especially free trade principles are much in the ascendant, and there is no more danger of the ghost of Monopoly being raised in Adelaide than there is of its being awakened in Man chester. Again, as an illustration of the unfitness of the Australian colonists to administer their own Government, it is alleged that the diggers of New South Wales have forcibly expelled the Chinese miners from their lawful claims. No doubt they did so, but equally true it is that the Government protected the Chinese and prosecuted their assailants. But at the very time when the New South Wales diggers were maltreating the Chinese, the Legis lature of South Australia were engaged in repealing the Act that imposed a poll-tax on Chinese immigrants, and these persons are now as free to land in South Australia as at Liver pool. But whilst all the malpractices of New South Wales and Victoria are adduced as reasons for depriving all the Australian colonies of their Constitutional freedom, nothing is urged against South Australia in particular except the part taken in the Boothby agitation, of which the I Daily News makes so much, but knows so little. I We must, therefore, enlighten the Editor I of the Daily News on one or two points. He thinks the Legislative Council only (and not the House of Assembly)' voted for the removal of the Judge. We beg to assure him that according to the Constitution Act, both Houses must unite in such a petition, and further to assure him that both Houses did so unite, and that the majority in the Assembly was greater than in the Couucil. This action was, therefore, not taken by ' an oligarchy of 18 men,' but by the majority of a Parliament of 54 men. The strongest case against the Judge was made out in the House of Assambly, which the Daily News ignorantly supposes had no share in the proceedings ; and the report of the Committee appointed by that House (and sub quently adopted) we have sent to the Daily News by this mail. Again, the Daily News is in error in supposing that the 18 members of the Legislative Council hold their seats for twelve years, as under the Constitution Act six of the membera have to retire every four years ; only six, therefore, hold their seats for 12 years. And the Daily News is of course ignorant that most of the members of the Legislative Council consist of men who have been returned to that House purely on account of their Conservative tendencies, and with an express view to check the supposed democratic tendencies of the Houso of Assembly. The Daily News is also evidently ignorant that we have a Court of Appeals in this colony, and that the appeal from the Judges is not direct to the Privy Council, as stated by Judge Boothby and re-asserted in that journal, but to the Court of Appeals here, and that Judge Boothby's refusal to recognise the Court of Appeals' which has received the highest sanction of the British Crown, is quite as strong a point against him as his objection to the Real Property Act . But the truth is (as the Daily News will see from the report which wa forward, and which was written by the present Chief Justice) that Judge Boothby has denied the validity of all the laws of the Parliament of this province, including the Constitution Act — denied the lawful existence of the Colonial Parliament itself, or of any other Parliament that has existed for the last eight years m the colony, denied the right of the Queen to assent to our laws, and refused to acknow ledge himself bound by the judgments of his brother Judges in the Full Court. By thus setting the Governor, the Legislature, the Court of Appeals, and the laws at defiance, he has fully justified the Parlia ment in adopting that line of procedure laid down in the Constitution Act, namely, to petition the Queen to remove a Judge who refuses to recognise the official acts of the Queen's representative, aud who, by his persistent opposition to the laws of the land, has certainly thrown the administration of justice into great confusion, and exposed the majesty of the law to contempt. Finally, we have to ask our brethren of the British press to enquire before they condemn, and to enquire of persons who will give impartial evi dence. Would they like to have British institutions judged of from the representations of persons who are known to be disaffected to the Constitution of that country — of persons whose ambition has been baffled, or who, for other reasons, hesitate at no means, fair or unfair, that can damage the reputation of the land of their birth ? And there are men in the Australias, and men who have left the Australias — baffled, disappointed, mortified — whose sole object now appears to be to cast discredit upon communi ties that failed to perceive their merits. Why should these dependencies of the British Crown be stigmatised upon such unjust and biassed testimony ? The official reports and records of our Parliament and Government are open ; the newspapers of the pro vince (our present sheet, for example) report all public proceedings ; our Parliamentary debates are printed by authority and circulated ; all our enact ments are sent to the Queen for her assent. Why, then, should we not be judged by the authentic records of the country? Why condemn a whole community upon the authority of an anonymous letter, or on the authority of a person who withholds his name from publication doubtless because he knows that to reveal it would spoil his plot P We have enjoyed the reputation of being an industrious, loyal, and peaceable people. What have we done to forfeit our good character? We need no special constables, we have no riots, our police oases are of the most simple and ordinary character ; our religious, benevolent, and educational institu tions are maintained in full and increasing vigor ; and it can only be through sheer malice on the part of the concoctor, and utter ignorance on the part of the publisher that such calumnies as we now refer to obtain circulation. Much do we hope that the Times and the Daily News, instead of pinning their faith to the statements of prejudiced partisans, or en dorsing the unfounded fears of alarmists, and per sons of weak nerves or infirm judgments, will exa mine our reoords, and thus arrive at an independent opinion. Of course there are two sides to most ques tions, in tliis colony as elsewhere j but if questions of public policy are to be estimated by ex-parte repre sentations, — especially the representations of warm partisans, and persons wholly irresponsible for the accuracy of their statements, — error is inevitable, and injustice, however much unintended, must follow. Our Parliament cannot be better judged of than by its enactments, and these have frequently obtained the encomiums of the home authorities. And with respect to the Boothby question, we advise the Daily News not only to peruse the report of the Committee of the House of Assembly, but to get some member of the Houso of Commons to move for the production of all despatches on the subject for warded to the Secretary of State for the Colonies by the Governor of this province. If the people of this colony had so far departed from the conservative loyalty and political moderation characteristic oi British citizens, they would not have felt so keenly the injustice of the aspersions cast upon them in a quarter to which they have been accustomed to look for sympathy and support — we mean the Press of England. Few questions have of late years so con tinuously and so powerfully engaged public attention as the question relating to improve ments in cannon and in small arms. These- im provements have revolutionized the military and naval systems or the whole civilized world ; they have involved the creation of new fleets to meet the effects producible or supposed to be pro ducible by the new weapons, and have cost in the aggregate hundreds of millions of money. Yet, strange to say, there has in reality been no new principle involved in the preparation of the formidable weapons which have thrown into disuse the fleets and equipments of former days, and reduced the cannon and musketry of Nelson and Wellington to their intrinsic value as old iron. There is nothing new in the idea of a rifle, and the rifling of cannon is simply the application to ordnance of a principle applied to small arms 200 years ago. The only item in these improvements having the least claim to novelty of principle is the bullet, or projectile, — which, instead of being made spherical as for merly, is now variously elongated and pointed. The object of this alteration in the form of the projectile we need scarcely state: every person in the slightest degree acquainted with the matter wijl at once perceive that the main object of this changein the form of the missile is to diminish the resistance caussa oy t«o ucmospnere, aua tnus to enable a smaller quantity of powder to per form a greater amount of work. We need not dwell upon the marvellous effects of the various improved rifles as compared with what could be done with the old regulation ' Brown Bess,' i nor need we employ many words to show that what the improved rifle is in comparison with the old musket, such (in general estimation) is the Armstrong gun in comparison with the old fashioned ordnance previously in use. For half a dozen years the great gun factories of Europe and America have ceaselessly re ounded with the din and bustle inseparable from the manufacture of the new ordnance, and as im provement upon improvement was announced, it was declared that not only would the old guns j ba henceforward unserviceable, but the old ships too. Indeed this consequence seemed to follow ! almost as a matter of course, and to require ' neither calculation nor experiment. It was known how great was the damaging effect of an old-fashioned broadside of round Bhot, and people intuitively resolved that the effect of a modern broadside of pointed bolts must be much greater. And when to the pre sumed greater velocity of the new missile its more extended range was superadded, what could be more natural than to conclude that its penetrating and destroying force would be supe rior in proportion P In fact, it was admitted that the new cannon implied new fleets, and as England could not suffer the sovereignty of the seas to pass away from her, the foundries and dockyards of the United Kingdom have been taxed to their utmost powers of production in order to meet the demands arising uuder the new regimi. Amongst the various competitors in the manu facture of the new rifled cannon Sir William Armstrong has always held the most prominent place. Not that his claim to pre-eminence has been undisputed, — we might name a dozen or more rivals, each of whom could quote engineer ing and military authorities in support of their own superior inventions. Foremost amongst these is the name of Whitworth, but neither Whitworth nor any one else has been able to shake the confidence of the authorities in the preferential claims of Aemsteong, nor to arrest the orders continually pouring in upon the latter for his supposed unrivalled guns. These guns have been supplied to the British army and navy, have been mounted in garrisons and fortresses, and have, in fact, completely replaced the old ordnance. And now, after years of experi mentalizing, after years of presumed triumphant refutation of adverse criticism, and after the expenditure of millions of pounds sterling, it is determined by the British Government at once to stop the issue of the heavy Armstrong guns, and to institute — under the auspices of oom patent persons, responsible only to the Executive — an elaborate series of experiments in order to decide whether the Armstrong is or is not a weapon suited to the requirements of the army and navy of Great Britain ! Of course; if there is the slightest doubt on the subject it is not only desirable, but imperative that that doubt should be set at rest without any unnecessary delay. But the simple fact that there is such doubt, and that after furnishing the United Service with new Armstrong guns, it is deemed desirable to ascertain whether they are or are not trustworthy, is one of the most start ling, extraordinary, and humiliating possible to conceive. How many thousands of experiments may have been conducted at the public cost by Sir William Armstrong, how many thousands of these experiments were failures, and what pro portion of these failures were confined within the circle of official knowledge or glozed over in public representations, it is impossible for us to say. It ha3, however, leaked out of late, that the Armstrong gun is not trustworthy so far as regards the actual wear and tear of rough service, and it has also transpired that a great popular fallacy prevails as to the velocity of the Arm strong proiectile, and as to its im pinging momentum or destroying force. Its faults are proclaimed to be not merely those of construction, but faults of principle. Its defects are declared to be inherent and in curable, and its failings so many and so serious, as altogether to disqualify it for actual warfare. It is said that the Armstrong gun will not bear rapid firing, and that as used in ordinary ser vice it would utterly fail. It is alleged that the vent piece would be destroyed in from a dozen to twenty rounds, and that the heating of the weapon by rapid firing would throw its component parts out of joint, enabling gas to escape at the junction of its several pieces, aud rendering the gun utterly useless before thirty rounds in succession had been fired. Not only are vent pieces destroyed, but muzzles are blown off and other descriptions of damage occasioned ; whiht as regards the shells, the leaden casing which, keeps the contents to gether is apt to strip or peel off, thus causing as much danger to tho troops by whom the gun is U3ed as those against whom it is directed. Such are a few of the allega tions against the gun itself, urged at all events with a good show of argument by military engineers and mechanics of known ability. As respects the capabilities of the Armstrong gun, and the popular opinion with reference to its tremendoasly destructive powers, the public are declared to have been vastly mistaken in their ideas of the new weapon. It is said that whilst the Armstrong cannon could not send a bolt tarougb. the armour plates- of La Gloire, the old fashioned 68-pounders would soon demolish the Frenchman by means of the despised and dis carded round shot ! This is really so extra ordinary, and we will venture to say to nineteen out of every twenty non-professional persons so startling, that we are sure our readers will like to have our authority for the statement. The statement is to be found in several recent publi cations, but the following passage from The Engineer will sufficiently explain the allegation. The journal in question is by no means preju diced against Sir W. Armstrong ; on the con trary, on several points it takes up the cudgels in his defence, but with respect to the destruo tive force of the Armstrong or any similar pro jectile it holds very decided opinions. It says — ' We have pointed out, and we think the considera tion should be kept piominently in view, that no rifled guns, as heretofore constructed, have anything like the penetrative.power: at short range, which is possessed by the qrdinary case iron service guns of the sime or even a less rate. Exposed to a broadside from lOO-po^nder Armstrongs, I a liloire would, acourding to the results of our own experiments, be hardly injured. Kxposed to a broadaido from t)5 cwt. 68 pounders, the Warrior, the same experiments go to show, would have most of her plates cracked, if not riddled through and through. The philosophy ol this contrast is simple enough when we bear in mind that the initial velocity of the Armstrong projectile is but one half that of the 68-pound spherical hhot, and the further fact that the vis viva of moving bodies of equal weights is as the squares of Uioir velocities. Theoretically, a ball of any weight, fired in the ordinary manner from a Bmooth bore gun, ought to have four times the penetrative power of another ball, of different sliape, but of the same weight fired from an Armstrong gun. There is an apparent paradox in this statement, inasmuou as it is well known that a longer range is attain d with the Armstrong than with the ordinary gun, and hence, most people are ready to ask, why has noc the Armstrong gun more absolute power, whether for the penetra ion of ship's armour, brea-t- works. or any other resisting sub.»tanoe whatever ? To this the answer is, that the great range of rifled guns is due wholly to the diminished resistance which their projectiles, from theii peculiar form, encounter in the air, this resistance amounting, in the case of light shot at high velocities, to more more than one hundred times the weight ot the projectile itself. If we cjneaive the air to be removed from the surface of tho earth, the most reliable calculations show t at an ordinary oanuon would throw a shot to a dis tunes of twenty-four mies In s pposing a shot to be fiied in a vacuum no advantage would result from any peculiarity of form — a shell or a cbain oi expansive shot would go just as far as a solid shot of the s-mo weight and fired with the same quantity of powder. It once was and in »ome cages still is, the custom to speak of the Minio rifle. Peally, hoover, there never has been such a thing as. a Minie rifle, but only a Minie bullet, I which might fit auy rifle. We may say, parenthetically, that even the so-called Minie bullet was used many years ago, by Captain Norton. We refer to the ' Minie : bullet' merely to observe that its range and accuracy is due to its shape, and that any gun which has grooves which will impart a spinning motion to this bullet would , be almost certain to throw it with great accuracy to a great distanoe. Any rifled gun of 6 in- bore which will : bear a charge of 10 lbs. of powder and an 80 lbs. shot will throw an Armstrong projectile just as far as, if not further than, the Armstrong erun itself. For it is not the gun, but the powder, which does the work, the gun having merely to resist the strain. And it would be altogether a mistake to suppose for a moment, that no other than an Armstrong gun would bear the service in question. So far from this the gun is made of a material never homogeneous, and always absolutely weak in comparison with steel, while, also, considering the par ticular charge in question, it is quite possible to make even cast iron guns which shall bear it.' The reports of the ilew experiments to be made in connection with the Armstrong ordnance will be looked forward to with great interest. No doubt there are faults, theore.ioal or mechanical, in the Armstrong gun as well as in every other human invention or human dis covery. But there are two points which should be steadily kept in view ; first, are these faults, whatever they may be, incurable ; and, secondly, taking the gun with all its defects, curable and incurable, is it not vastly superior to any thing else ever produced P To these points the scientific and practical men appointed to conduct the new investigations will doubtless direct their attention, because it would be mani festly absurd to ignore those good qualities of me ^.ruisiroug gun, wnicn are noc in any ocner gun, because it has certain defects which may very possibly be susceptible of cure, and which even if incurable, may attaoh to other guns. It is not by comparing the gun with a theoretical and ideal standard of perfection that its value should be determined, but by comparing it with other guns after they have been subjected to similar ordeals of criticism and experiment. The Times, whilst commending the Govern ment for instituting enquiry, deprecates rash censures, and thus concludes an article demand ing fair play for Sir W. Armstrong : — ' We admit, of oourse, that there is another question behind all these, — vie., whether a rifled gun may not he producible of a pattern more formidablo still? Allow ing that Sir William Armstrong ia a great inventor, there may be inventors greater than ha. Others may establish their claims, if not to supersede bun, at any rate to share his privileges. This, in fact, is the very question now brought forward for decision. If the pro p ised experiment should go against the Armstrong1 guns, some other guns must take their place. It would be useldss, of course, to anticipate the result by specula tion or conjecture, so we will only remind our readers tbat the question is essentially one of comparison. Whatever may bo the imperfections discoverable in the Armstrong gun, they may be fewer, after all, than the imperfections found in guns of other kinds. Jt maybe safely taken for granted that any cannon of any ?iescription singled out for preference will be attacked with as much pertinacity as the cannon of Sir William's manufacture. It will be pulled to pieces instantaneously, from breech to muzzle. All the old charges will be dinned in our ears over again. We shall be told that tho new weapon is unmanageable, complicated, ponderous, unsafe, or extravagantly dear. The whole affair, in fact, resembles the struggles for political place, Sir William is in office, and the ' outs' are all against him ; but they would be equally vehement in their attacks upon nis successor, ii any inventor is to ce honored by a monopoly of favor, his 'invention will infal libly be assailed on all eides. All this, however, we repeat once more, teils notbing against the proposed inquiry. It is indispensable that the country should know on what it can rely. Possibly the larger Armstrong guns may not be bo successful as the smaller ones ; poss bly the invention may be becter adapted to land than sea service ; possibly it may come out triumphantly in all respects. But in any case the necessary tests should be thoroughly and impartially applied, so that the i ublic may learn both in what degree the Armstrong cannon ii really defective, and to what extent it may be hoped that any rival invention may prove less imper fect .' It is, however, not unlikely that before many years have passed away Sir William Armstrong's guns will have to give place to others much more powerful and formidable than even his strongest manufactures ; and we shall conclude with a brief extract from the Engineer on this interest ing subject : — ' The strongest gun must ba made of steel, if not of steel wire, for 12-|-ounders and theace to 68-pounders, guns of ample strength can be made at less than one naif the cost of Sir William's, whereas for very large guns, say from 200-pounders to 1.000 pounders, which are likely to be required, the Armstrong mode of con struction is altogetuer inadequate, even if sound work manship t&n; be seoared. With a material (-teel) at hand from 60 to 76 per cent, stronger than the best iron which Sir William oan procure, a material which can now be produced in perfectly homogeneous misses of .iny weight and at even less cost than wrought ir -n, it would b-j preposterous to suppose that ihe costly and uumechanioal mode of construction now in vogue at Woolwich can be much longer perpetuated. If steel nuns, with which other nations (who are free to raaka and use the Armstrong gun did they but choose to do o) are now supplying themselves are not sufficiently strong, we oan proceed to the adoption of guns formed of cylinders of coiled wire, a plaa upon which Mr. Longridge offers to produce a gun which, sh Jl throw a 6i)01t). shot with an initial velocity of 1,200 ftet per second, on achievement wnich Sir William has con feased he does not expect to realise upon his own plan.' A few days ago we referred to an Act that had recently come into operation in England, the object of which is to substitute an affirmation in place of an oath, as regards witnesses in criminal cases who profess their unwillingness, on reli gious grounds, to be sworn. In commenting upon that Act we said it was good bo far as it went, but that it did not go far enough ; that it ought to be made applicable to civil as well as to criminal cases, and that the affirmation in lie of an oath should be allowed not only in cases of religious scruples, but even in cases where wit nesses do not believe in a future state of rewards and punishments, and also in the case of children who iiad not been instructed in the obligations of an oath. We need not reproduce the argu ments then advanced in support of this view, — we may, however, briefly state that in many cases an oath is useless, so far as regards the obligation arising out of its sanctity. A person who habitually speaks the truth, and who reverences the truth, will deliver his evidence as truly upon affirmation as upon oath ; and a person who does not reverenc the truth, and who does not recognise its moral claims, will just as readily swear falsely as speak falsely, We admit that upon certain superstitious minds the idea of uttering the words ' So help me God ' may operate to deter them from falsehood. But this argument only applies to one clas's of persons ; it does not apply to the conscientious who speak truth for truth's sake, nor to the designing hypocrite and hardened liar who would as soon swear to a lie as to the truth. It only applies to the timid and superstitious, who fear an oath, and who do not object to take an oath. We would not, therefore, abolish the oath altogether, if it be con sidered as tending to secure in any instance greater truthfulness in Courts of Justice, but we would certainly never refuse evidence beeause the parties tendering it objected to be sworn, or were ignorant of the doctrine of a future state. The credibility of evidence on oath is as much a matter to be weighed by Magistrates, Judges, and Juries, as is the credibility of evidence without oath ; and as all the penalties attached to per jury would follow the giving of false evidence under ' affirmation,' it appears unreasonable to force a person against his will to take an oath, or to refuse to receive important evidence because the witness did not believe in a future state, or was too ignorant to comprehend the idea of it. By the last mail we perceive that the subject is still occupying the attention of thoughtful men at home, and an instance has occurred in which the Judges have been called upon to pro nounce upon the admissibility, or otherwise, of evidence without oath. The Judges, of course, could not go beyond the Act of Parliament, and their decision has been in accordaace there with, but the (question is evidently one with ' which the Legislature will shortly have to deal Under the present system justice is obstructed, and persons are wronged, not because witnesses speak falsely, but because they speak truly, and because they are too conscientious to state what is not true . A man named Madden had been wronged of some property, and he brought an action for its recovery. His wife was called as a witness, when the opposite counsel questioned her about her religious belief. She stated that Bhe did not believe in a Deity, nor in a future state of rewards and punishments, nor did her hus band. Her evidence was rejected, and although the case was perfectly clear against the de« fendant, he was set at liberty from the conse quences of his misconduct. The decision was brought before the Court of Exchequer by Appeal, but the Judges held themselves bound by the statute, and affirmed the decision of the Court below. Tiie Times in commenting upon the case says : — ' It does not clearly appear from the report whether, if the witness had waived from the first the right to be sworn, and had tendered a simple affirmation under the statute, thereby render ing herself liable to all the penalties of perjurv, the Judge would have been justified in rejecting her. If so, however, the rule amounts to an absolute exclusion of a small class of witnesses from one of the most valuable rights of citizen ship. On what grounds, then, are we prepared to justify such exclusion? We shall be told ' Here ia a great grievance. Here is a re spectable British subject who has lost his way in metaphysical speculations. He leads a correct life, pays his debts, and is able to take care of himself. He knows that fire will bum, that water will drown, that food is necessary for life. He is a man whom you can trust in any ordinary matter of business. His only fault or misfortune is that he has had his head turned by infidel writings, and haa stumbled into Atheism. Is such a person to be deprived of his natural rights as a rational being H Is he to be robbed or maltreated, and ia the robber or ruffian to escape, because he, the chief witness in the case, ia not allowed to depose to a plain fact except under the sanction of a religious doctrine which he disbelieves ? Or is society in general to suffer through hia legal incompetence to give evidence which would convict the criminal?1 Surely, it maybe said, ' if we admit the testimony of Chinese, Hindoos, Malays, and Esquimaux,' whose reputation for veracity is none of the highest, and whose reli gion is a mass of absurdities, we ought not to reject the testimony of persons whose morals are pure, and whose opinions, however un fashionable here, might pass for philosophy in Germany? This would be nothing more nor less than religious persecution.' Well, it is im possible to deny that under the law, as it now stands, serious injury may be inflicted both on public and private interests. It would be a E^eat pity, if not a great scandal, that a mur derer should escape the hands of justice because the eyewitness of his crime was an Atheist. Nor would it be easy to prove that a man ought himself to be deprived of the protection of the law for what may be merely an intellectual defect of this kind.' Referring to the -case already mentioned, the Examiner says — ' In the instance of this woman, Madden, we see the cost of an avowal of infidelity. She was the claimant of some property which she for feited by her confession of unbelief, but this must be the smallest of her losses for truth's sake. She will be shunned by her neighbors, scornful fingers will be pointed at her, she will be considered as accursed, and carrying with her wherever she goes the poison of her opinions. and for what is all this odium incurred P For truth, and truth only, the very truth which is held by law not to be in the woman because she lias given this aelf-destroying earnest of it.' ' And it is ruled absolutely that this woman is not to be believed. Why, she has been believed by the Judge who rejected her as a witness. He believed her avowal of Atheism before, on the score of it, he could dismiss her as a person whose word was to be presumed false about everything. She is accepted as a self-accuser while held unworthy of credit in all other re spects. She is treated as void of scruples after she has sacrificed repute and worldly interests to a scruple of veracity. Had she told a lie, professed what she did not think, and taken an oath, the law would have accepted her as a good witness deserving of credit. Can this be poli tic P And, on the other hand, can it consist with reigion and 'morality to encourage offences against infidels by giving impunity to those who may wrong themP The man who robs an Atheist because he knows he can do it safely, thanks to the law, will not stop there, and has commenced his career as a thief, to prey on society, generally.' We believe there is much sound seme ia these arguments, but the case should be argued ou its broadest baaia. The woman Madden and her husband might hare been the only witnesses in some desperate case of robbery or murder, some case in. which a Judge or a Bishop might have been the subject of outrage. But in such aa event the criminal must go unpunished. This law of oaths not only allows Atheists to be plundered and out raged, but allows good Christians to be treated in like manner, provided none but Atheists and untaught children are looking on. It is not right that a criminal should escape, and that society should suffer, because Borne witness whose evidence is essential to a legal conviction, has 'read infidel writings, and stumbled into Atheism.' Victoeia has reached her apotheosis. The cricket- ground is the new Elysium, and the ' Eleven' are the deities before whom all bow, and around whom all gather. Victoria lives moves, and has its being in cricket. We will not say that our neighbours are cricket mad — better to describe them as cricket-inspired. It is certainly no ordinary fit of enthusiasm that has seized them. They are spell-bound — ex- tatic ; cflrried away into the seventh heaven of joy and wonderment. At all events, the Mel bourne journals warrant us in so describing them ; and we are told by parties from Vic toria that the newspaper reporters, so far from exaggerating or over- coloring their descriptions of popular excitement, fall far below the actuali ties of the case. 2S'or is it mere ' pennya lining' that is thus plunged into ecstacies. Editorial censors — more amenable to public opinion, and more accustomed to rub off the superficial gilding and lacquering that conceal the baser metal beneath — are smitten with the same furor, and work themselves up into sublime paroxyms of description. As an example, we quote the following from a leader in the Argus : — ' In the all absorbing passion for cricket which hai seized the people of Victoria, all other topics are for the day swallowed up and lost. The Eleven are in pos session of the field, and before their mighty influence all thoughts aad cares and troubles are driven about alike the b.ilU of the gallant Victorians. There is no room, fot any other feeling than for the game of cricket. Politics lose their excitement —business throws off it3 ch-tius -the prospects of Ministries are neglected- the manoeuvres of pai riots are suspended before the new attraction wliich has thrown its spell round Victoria. I'here is no resisting it, whatever we may do. The star of \iessi-3. dpiera and Pond is in the ascendant. It is decreed that oricket rules the hour. The talk is of batting a' d bowling, of long- stop, point, and short-slip, of Griffith's t rrific cut or of Caffvn's hit to leg- The intense patience with wbioh the thousands daily sit and watch what is usually one of the slowest of games to the spectators, is a marvel of national enthus asm. The manner in which each favorite player is followed by all eye3 — the critical interest bestowed on every turn of the p-ame— tho rapture with which each skilful stroke is applauded — ihe dejection which follows evary blunder of tbe Eighteen — these are phenomena wtch surely could not be exhibited in uny other country but Viotona. Nor, let us add, cou'd such a scene be easily matched in any part of the wo; Id as that which has been dis played on our Melbourne cricket ground during the last three days. Nothing more brilliant can easily be conceived than the spectacle presented from the Grand. Stand. 'Without beautiful blue Victorian sky for a back ground, and that vast, well-dressed, well-behaved, and happy crowd, the picture was certainly a, surprising one, of a people labouring under chronic bankruptcy, and buried, in the projoundest depression. We wish some-of -our English detractors could see it, for a point to their sarcasms, and a subject for their condolence.' There is no gainsaying the style in which our Victorian Mends do things — they out- Yankee Yankeedom. None but themselves can be their parallel. It may, however, be forgiven if people of less magnificent ideas should occasionally wonder how all this originates, and to what it all tends. The Editor of the Argus admits that it is a ' surprising ' tiling to see a whole com munity laboring under chronic bankruptcy, and buried in the 'profoundest depression,' laying the reins on the neck of pleasure, devoting themselves soul and body to sports, and getting up spectacles which 'could not be easily matched in any part of the world.' 'We quite agree with our contemporary that it is sur prising. There is no doubt that the game of cricket is a noble one, and no doubt that the All-England EleAen are prodigies, but this is no reason why Victoria should go mad. The Argus says that Sir Henry Barkly can give ' a high aesthetic explanation ' of the reasons why cricket so absorbs the faculties of mankind, The Argus does not pretend to do this. ' It is sufficient' for us, says our contemporary, ' that we feel this game to embody more purely in it our national character, and to exhibit more broadly the best of our national qualities, than any other that was ever invented for the mere recreation of the body. In this mimic tournament, we perceive a field for the display of tlie highest manly virtues. It is a battle of life in miniature, where, if the object is a trivial one, it is promoted by a courage, steadfastness, judgment, and patience, quite as remarkable as in any exercise of the old chivalry. And the champion who can defend his wicket successfully through many hours, is quite as shining an exemplar of manhood as the knight-errant who went about the world slaying men of large stature, and rescuing lovely women in distress.' The Argus in the above extract seems to be like the donkey between two bundles of hay. On the right hand it is attracted by the ' high esthetic explanations' of Sir H. Barkly ; on the left hand by the excellent advertising medium that the Eleven will prove themselves to be for the colony of Victoria! And our contem porary, anticipating .the day when his readers will descend from their serial heights to mingle once more in the fray of humaa life, prudently turns to the left, and thus sets forth benefits which the visit of the Eleven will here after confer upon the material — that is, the non cricketing — interests of Victoria : — ' The moral of this particular game of cricket, in which al 1 Victoriahas been absorbed for the last three days, is on every one's tongue, and everywhere said or sung. A hundred after-dinner orators hare enlarged upon the text of the great advantages likely to accrue to Victoria through the visit of the All- England Eleven. We believe these advantages will be quite as great as have been predicted. We believe the Eleven will carry away a very favorable impression of what they have seen, and of how ihey have been treated in the colony, and that the story of their excursion here will be tfte best possible advertise witnl which, vie could Jiave among a certain very large and important class of the English people.' In all sincerity we hope it will prove to be so and should it be the case, our neighbors will be doubly blest. Not only will they be ' advertised,' but they will have their bounce taken out of them. The Argus says — ' The tremendous defeat which we shall have sustained ?will cure us ia some degree of that very culonial vice which cannot be so well expressed as in the colonial phrase — 'bouncing.' We are not aware whether the gentlemen who raised so warm a controversy over the question of whether eighteen or twenty-two should play the Eleven, really indulged in the idea that, with either number, tbey hadachanceof victory. But whatever might have been their aspirations, it is good for them to learn that they are yet far from being able to cope, upon any reasonable terms, with the picked, experienced players of England. Nothing could be more maiked than the superiority of the English play over the 'Victorian ; yet nothing can be more beneficial to Victoria, than to know and perceive this fact. The lesson will be worth all its costs to our national pride, if it teaches us to place a truer value on our own proficiency, while it improves us in the art of cricket.' We should have felt reluctant to have our selves read such a homily as this to the somewhat too. fast community across the border, but as the Argus has done it, we cannot be very heavily taxed for repeating it ; and, possibly, we may be forgiven if we say that the ' colonial vice of bouncing' is by no means restricted to cricketing affairs. Ex uno disce otnnes; perhaps the ' lesson to national pride' will be useful in a more extended sense than that with which it stands primarily connected. Before laying down our pen we should like to say that we cannot help feeling if the Victorians have overstepped the limit of moderate enthu siasm in this business, we in South Australia have sunk into a state of absolute insensi bility. Because our neighbors work them selves into a fever, it is no reason why we should sink below the freezing point. It certainly does not say much for South Australia that we cannot arrange for a short visit from the Eleven. It is not that we could not be happy without them, though thousands would like to see them ; but the fact of their coming to these colonies, and probably visiting all of them,except South Australia, will not speak much for our spirit and enterprise. Is it quits impossible to induce the Eleven to visit us ? There is no fear of this colony going mad, and no necessity for us to get up a spectacle such ' as could not be easily matched in the world.' But a day or two of quiet play would not be out of place, and as on the return of the Eleven to England their proceedings in the Australian colonies will be published in all the papers, it will be rather mortifying to the colony to find itself wholly ignored. Probably few of otje eeadees are aware either of the nature or the magnitude of the operations which are carried on in the Government work shops in this colony. Having recently paid a visit to those in the Bailway Department, we shall endeavor to give some idea of the work which is there done, and of die heavy and ex pensive machinery in use. Through the kindness of the Manager, Mr. C. S. Hare, we were put in communication with Mr. Clark, the Superintendent Engineer, and ?with Mr. Hayman, the foreman of the works, from each of whom we received valuable infor mation. In this colony there are in round numbers 60 miles of railway in operation, and for the traffic on these lines there are only nine engines, while for about 120 miles of railway in Melbourne, there are no less than 44 engines employed! It is true the traffic on the Victorian B-auways is much greater than on ours ; but the Manager informs us that the number of engines on the South- Australian lines isifisufficientfor the amount of work, as owing to the great wear and tear, on the North Line especially, they require frequent repair. It is, indeed, surprising to see the tires of the huge driving wheels, splitting and sealing like an old shoe, although they are made of good iron two and a-lialf inches in thickness. The total cost of a first-class engine is not very far short of £4,000, by the time it is in the Adelaide Station ready for use. While at the works we were shown a disabled engine, the cost of repair ing which, we were informed, would amount to £300. But to proceed to a description of the ma chinery. The first thing that catches the eye on entering the workship from the east end is a boring-machine of the largest size, powerful enough, in fact, for boring cannon. In shape it is like some of the little machines in use in merchants' and other offices for stamping their names, &c;, on paper. This is the machine which was employed to enlarge the hole in the Admella's old screw to make it lit the shaft of the Wonga Wonga. The drills are worked by a 10-horse steam-engine, and holes of any size can be bored, from the eighth of an inch to a foot in diameter. The machine is nine feet in height. Next to this boring-machine stands a hydraulic press, having a power of 200 tons. This is used for various purposes, but die most singular is that of putting pa or removing the carriage wheels from the axles. In railway carriages the wheels do not revolve on the axles, but the axles and wheels revolve together ; it is therefore necessary to have them fixed on in the firmest possible manner. The box of the wheel is made rather small for the axle, but by a simple though in genious piece of mechanism the axle is faxed firmly in the required position, and the wheel being placed properly for ^-eing driven on, the hydraulic ram is set to work, and in ten minutes a pair of wheels can be mounted, far better and more safely than they could be in several hours by the old process of hammering them on. By reversing the position of the piece of mechanism we have just alluded to the axles can be pushed out of the wheels as easily as the wheels were before pushed on to the axles. Proceeding a little further we come to Whit worth's compound shaping or planing machine — a beautiful and powerful piece of machinery, by which a surface of iron or any other metal four feet in length by one in width can be planed as easily as a deal board by the hand of the carpenter. One foot is the extreme length of stroke that can be given, and the length can be regulated at pleasure until a stroke of only the eighth of an inch in . length is obtained. The thickness of the shaving can also be regu lated ; that which we saw taken from a plate of iron was about the twentieth of an inch in thickness and a quarter of an inch wide. The motion is imparted to the planing tool by a ratchet movement working a screw, the tool being moved by a travelling headstock. The work, under this arrangement, is stationary, being fixed on tables secured to the frame of the machine. Attached is a sector and worm motion on the tool-box for cutting angles, and also a revolving bar for producing circular work. A . clever and novel arrangement is here introduced, which causes the return stroke to be twice as quick as that which planes the metal, so that as little time as possible is lost. A slotted link radiating from a certain point, and giving motion by a pin fixed in a revolving disc, and. working in a block sliding in the slotted link, has motion imparted to it by ordinary spur-gearing ; it is altogether a very fine and ingenious piece of workman ship. We come next to a 16-ineh screw-cutting lathe, capable of taking in a screw of 12 feet in length. This is used for cutting the long break and other screws, and is made on Whitworth's plan by Beacock & Tennant, of Leeds. The lathe, which is made with a sliding saddle with the cutting tool secured, has its motion by an accurately cut screw and nut; the number of revolutions required to give the various pitches of screws is regulated by the application of inter mediate and changed-toothed wheels placed at the end of the headstock, and thereby giving to the tool any required range of motion suitable to the pitch of screw required. There is also a rack motion with gear attached for ordinary sliding or plain work necessarily connected with the repairs of railway engines. We next see a second drilling-machine, similar to that already described, but of smaller size ; and near to it is a serewing-machine, manufactured on the works under the super intendence of Mr. Clark, the engineer, This machine occupied three months in making, but it was made in those intervals of time which eould be spared when works of greater importance were hot pressing. It is a well made and ingenious piece of machinery and must have saved a consi derable outlay to the establishment v.i its original cost, as well as effecting a further saving by the amount of work which it performs. It is em ployed for cutting the bolts and screws in ordinary demand on the works, and cuts screws from i inch to If inches diameter. The driving gear is similar to the ordinary lathe headstock, with speed pulleys to vary the revolutions according to the diameter of the bolts and nuts required. The necessary motion to throw it out of gear, and also the backward and forward movement, are produced by means of a clutch box and lever, guided by the workman as the dies reach the point or end of the screw cut. This motion is produced by (B) bevel wheels communicating with the cone spindle. In this arrangement the die box is fixed on a guide sliding in parallel bars — the bolt revolving in the machine. Fop the purpose of tapping nuts the tap is fixed in a chuck on the revolving head, and the nut to be tapped in the guide box sliding as before. Most of the large bolts and nuts for the various bridges on the fines of railway have been cut in this machine. There are two other common lathes of large size, but which demand no particular description; one was made on the works and the other was imported from Greenwood and Batley of Leeds ; the latter is used for turning the axles of the carriages. Another machine is for re-boring the cylinders of locomotive engines without removing them from the engine. This operation is sometimes rendered necessary from the cylinders becoming worn out of the true shape, whence a loss of steam and consequent waste of fuel takes place. The machine is fixed on the engine the cylinder of which has to operated upon, and it is then worked by means of an ordinary steam-engine with a driving band, and with very little trouble the cylinder is re-bored perfectly true. Beacock & Tennant's wheel lathe next comes under our notice. It is used for turning the tires of all the engine wheels up to 5 ft. 6 in. diameter. The tires are composed of iron from 2 to 2|-iiiches thick without the flange. They are made in England in rather a peculiar way. The iron is first rolled, and then bent round a roller, and welded with such accuracy and com pleteness of finish, that the point of welding cannot be discovered by the closest examination. They are again rolled by Jackson's patent rolling machine, which turns them out perfectly true, at least so true that they are warranted not to deviate the sixty-fourth part of an inch from the perfect circle ! But as they may not exactly fit the wheels for which they are required, they have to be ' bored,' as it is called, or a thin shaving has to be removed from their inner diameter _; to effect which the tires are fixed on a large disc of cast iron, which revolves vertically, and which indeed is the ' chuck' of the lathe. The chisel or plane which, is to take off the shaving referred to is then fixed in its place, and the iron disc with, the tire on it is set slowly in motion — perhap3 not faster than the wheel of a cart going at the rate of five miles an hour ; but as soon as it begins to cut, the heat produced is so great that it is necessary to have soap and water constantly trickling on the cutting tool to keep it cool, and even then the iron often becomes uncomfortably warm to the touch. The power of this lathe is considerable ; it can be made to take off a shaving of three- eighths of an inch in thickness at one operation. These shavings sometimes fall under the machine in long spiral pieces above a foot in length. Whitworth's cutting and punching machine is another powerful implement in the railway workshop ; it will cut half-inch boiler plate with its shears, which are of the hardest steel. The shears .are themselves three quarters of an inch in thickness, and the angle at which they are bevilled to the cutting edge is not very acute, otherwise they would, be liable to chip. The same machine at another part has a punch working up and down into a small cylinder, and this will Dunch holes three-ekrhths of an inch diameter in boiler plate five-sixteenths of au inch thick, at the rate of forty holes in a minute. The last piece of machinery we shall notice is one which has been recently introduced into the colony. — Platt & Schieler's patent noiseless blowing fan. It is worked by the same steam engine which is available as the motive power tor all the other machinery as occasion requires. Perhaps the best description we can give of this is by saying that it consists of an iron pipe about nine inches in diameter, and almost close to its entrance there is a kind of flat or nearly flat round box 20 inches in diameter, very much in shape like the two gongs laid together which are used to beat on the big drum. Within this box a disc revolves, the edge of which is within half an inch of the inside edge of the box. The side of the disc nearest the mouth of the tube has nine curved plates raised from its surface not quite at right angles, and these discs are of various lengths — some proceeding from the centre to the circumference, while others are shorter. The other side of the disc is flat, but the opposite part of the box is fitted with stationary fans similar to those on the disc. When set m motion with the full force required to work the blower up to the extent of its power it makes 3,500 revolutions per minute, and a two-horse power is necessary to produce this result. The air is then, as it were, drawn into the tube by means of the disc, and fur nishes a blast sufficient for twenty smiths' fires, or enough to melt two tons of cast iron in an hour. The draught is 1,000 cubic feet of air in a minute, and it can be conveyed any distance by means of pipes. The saving of labor effected by this machine is very great ; and the manu facturers have offered to put them up in any smith's shop or manufactory in England with a moderate length of piping, receiving as payment the sum which the use o the blower has saved the establishment after twelve months. We believe in some cases their offer has been accepted, and they have been very considerable gainers by the arrangement ; while at the end of the year those who have adopted it have been financially — as to the item of bellows at least — in the same position as before, but have had a new and more powerful blower to begin the new year with. Some of these blowers of a smaller size make no less than 8,000 revolutions in a minute, while larger ones make only 2,000. It occurred to us while going through the workshops that they were rather cramped for room, and though the machinery is good in other respects the workshops seem scarcely in keeping with the rest of the Railway establish ments. One thing particularly we were sur prised to observe, that the tireing of the wheels is done in the open air just as that of dray wheels would be done at a country blacksmith's ; true there is rather more accuracy observed in the mechanical arrangements, but the fire has to be made on the ground instead of a proper furnace under a shed being provided ; the quan ity of wood consumed must be three times as much as would be necessary if the arrangements were more complete, and that saving alone would in time build a proper place for the purpose. The total number of hands employed in this department of the railway works is fifty-six, including those at Crawler and Kapunda. 