S A L E. (from oür own correspondent. ■ The great event of the week, and the one v.hich has been so anxiously looked forward to and so much talked of by a certain class of our inhabitants namely, the Champion Ploughing Match, canie off on the 20th instant, and a very poor affair it was, only five ploughs being entered; and the attendance on ' the ground so thin that the solitary publican, who allured by hopes of profit to ere ct a booth therccn did not, to judge by the expression of his physiognomy, clear anything like expenses. The su ccessful com petitor for "agricultural laurel was John Cater, the pinner of the second prize at the last general match the next best being Andrew Roburtson, the winner oQ,he first prize on the same occasion. Certainly Cater had his work cut out when matched against such a ploughman as Robertson, but he had one great advantage over him, that of having secured the plough with which Robertson carried off the first prize prize bofore alluded to. and which originally belonged to the Gipps Land Hardware Co. No oner can deny that both are first-class ploughmen, and without in any way detracting from the merits of either, I think I am perfectly safe in saying that the ' superiority of the one over the other is a distinction without a difference* „ 0n, sftme fining a meeting was held at the Royal Ex-change Hotel, for the purpose of gettinir up another Champion Match three weeks from dau Mr. J. McCullum Wilson, Square Forest, occupied the chair. The following are the minutes of the meeting:-Proposed by Mr. .ffintóul (Rosedal,.), seconded by Mr. Young-« That a Champion Plough ing Match take place three weeks from date, and that previous successful first prize competitors deposit five pounds (£5) each as entrnnce money." Proposed ty Mr. Robinson, seconded by Mr. Mason —" That the entrance for previous second prize win ners bo two pounds ten shillings (£2 (Os)." Mr- WlIson> se°°nde<l by Mr. Rintuul That the entrance for previous third prize win ners be one pound (£1)." Proposed by Mr. Robertson, seconded, by Mr Young-'That the entrance for unsuccessful com petitors be ten shillings and sixpence (l Os 6(1) " , ; proposed by Mr. Young, seconded by Mr. Mknsoo 1 hat the amountof money subscribed be distributed m three priZfs, the best ploughman to recclve the highest prize, and the other successful competitors a -I leSS ln Proportion to tho amount subscribed." Proposed by Mr. Young, seconded by Mr. Cater That the successful competitors meet at the Royal Lxchango Hotel, on June 28th, at 8 p.m., for th„ purpose of depositing five pounds each, other com pet tors to pay their deposits seven days before tho match comes off." Can any thing bo more ridiculously absurd than e oregoing? That b winner bo compelled to pay such a disproportionate sum gainst another's ten shillings, when perhaps the ten shilling individual may carry off tho whole proceeds. I do not think if >n any way likely, but, at all events, it is but right to Sri I a°7rSt contingencies, and a study for a disciple of Lavater's their countenances would present .f . should occur. There is another way of liking , ' A cha™P'on match of any kind, declares who is the best artist m his particular line. Such a match has been played here; John Cater has been declared or y o tie title of the best' ploughman in North Gtpps Land and there the mattor ought to be allowed ref ' ' ntre 18. atl 0,(1 proverb that "too much porridge kills a dog," and cortes ¡too much of ODO thing sickons the public. Men cannot be expected always to put their hands into their pockets and rc- ' pon to e\ery subscription list that is shoved under their noses. It is unfair to expect it. Those who can afford ,t hero come down handsomely on most occasions of the kind, but this last time the pockets are tightly buttoned up, and a flat rofiisal givo/i to Iho canvasser. Even the speculative publican could give 0 ,nÉ>» sp isgusted was ho with his ili-success at tilo match. Ploughing matches are very good things, and things that ought to be encouroged, but when carried to extremes, like every thing else, they ought to bo checked. . . A stranger visiting North Gipps Land on tho days of its dryness would not, in fact, could not, fail to bo, struck with the beauty of our little town. No doubt about it, but he would.be enraptured with our streets excellent, for unmade roads would be his judgment and he would depart with the firm conviction on his ' mind that .wo were living in a terrestrial heaven. But winter come, and two days rain have fertilised tho earth, and let that stranger come again, if he would not curse the wind that blow him hither and pour forth a e ictions on tho authorities (those long suffering people) ver,ly he must be a descendant of Job him , f' ^'«ond-street is at present a lake, pic turesquoly oruamented with small islands of mud, e lere und there over its surfaco like -oases in ho desert. Foster-street is two son?, divided one from the other by an isthmus running between the Club Hotel «¡„I (he Fiuicy Museum. York-street is il«, cmin .t t.;.. what, my power 0f n0t boini; equal to the task of forcing up a simile. Since tho Hogirtv of Mr. Vauglian, who left the work in an. unfinished condition, matters have been gradually becoming worse, and now that the rains liuve sot in fhey liave reached the climax. The levels were never roperly taken, and, by some unaccountable and, as' vet, unexplained bungling of those who ought to have seen, that they were so, the error was never rectified, and the consequence is thnt'the water has no outlet, but remains stagnant, and, at present, in many pinces, is actually overflowing the tops of-the deep drains and encroaching on tho unmade (1?) portion of the. road, thus rendering travelling a very disa greeable proceeding. It is but due justice to the dwellers of York-street that this stato of things should he altered as soon as possible, as they will, especially the business portion of them, be great sufferers if they remain as they are. Buyers cannot be expected to wade knee-deep through mud, and at tho same time be under an unwholesome fear of a sudden' dis appearance in some cavity or other, to a place of business in York-street when they can obtain what they require and keep comparatively dry-shod by going to a store in Raymond or Köster streets. High time it is wu had a municipality to look after our interests in these matters, as it seems that those whose duty it is to do so care not a straw how things are done provided they are done somebody. In reference to the works on this street a letter has been received from the Commissioner of Reads and Bridges to the effect that Mr. Rawlinson reports that , the works extends over all tho unsound portions of the road, and that the part not included in the contract is over, naturally firm ground. Mr. Rawlinson has also added a piece of gratuitous information to the effect that whon. completed,, the unalienated allotments .will bo considerably enhanced, and that one-third of. the township will be drained. The letter concludes by stating that the extension of the improvements must depend upon their urgency as compared with , the main central line, as the. Board ha? not sufficient funds at its disposal to meet its requirements. Mr. Rawlinson's report is simply an absurdity, as the improvements sought are not over naturaily firm ground, but part of them over a ravine, where in wet weather th ere is generally from one to two f eet of water Respecting this same ravine, if the engineer who takes so much upon his own opinion had only given the subject a five minutes consideration he would have found that he could easily have carried off the surplus water into a large morass instead of running it to where hé has, the centre of a principal thoroughfare. 'I make no doubt that the unalienated lots would be. grreatly enhanced if there were any to be enhanced, but I question if there are any along the line. . The matter simply resolves itself into this a great deal of money has been .spent.to little use to make what Mr. llawlinsoii calls thei northern part of the road good, where there is no traffic, as com pared with that over the naturally firm ground refer red to by him. It may have been delicacy on Mr Rawlinson's part (people don't like generally to talk of family matters) to withhold the information that the northern'part of the road which Jias been spoiled not made—runs right past his own door, or perhaps be may be a somnambulist, and in the visions of the night have dreamed his report, and got up without awaking and:wrote lit, as I do not th>nk any man in his;proper>wits could take such a view of the case as he has, ' The extension of the Fancy Museum is now com pleted, and, judging by the piles of - package paper and straw Hying about its front, and the number ut boxcs.piled up outside, Mr. Ltieson intends opening with eclat, and astonishing our weak nerves with some more new wonders. A good stock of books will, I understand, form one of the principal attractions, and certainly nothing betcer could be introduced by Air. Leeson than a good assortment of instructive works into the library department of his museum of literature •science, and art. Mr. Legge's classes continue to progress favorably and rapidly. Great satisfaction seems to be given by him, and uuiversal progress seems to be the result Of his system' of teaching. A cordial unanimity seems to exist between teacher and pupils, wh ch is a sure sign that the one is satisfied with the other. Ilow nmch better is it to study a useful and elegant ac complishment, and pass the evening by the homi' fire side, than go to an hotel and become a speculator to the tune of "sixpence or a shilling for beer, to " drive dull care away," when it can be as effectually ban ished by a lively bar or two of that which tho poet says has power to smooth the savagf j beast. It is, I believe, the intention of Mr. Legge to give a concert immediately after the opening of the Mechanics' In stitute, the proceeds to go to the .funds óf that body; a very kind' act on the part of that géntiemán¡ and one which deserves the greatest commendation. The society is at present much in need of funds to liqui date tho demands made upon them, and it is to be hoped that none who havo a copper to spare will ab sent themselves on tho occasion, but bo up to the mark in assisting to promote so laudable an enterprise. Mr. Christensen, late of your district, who I men tioned was about to erect a new bakery establishment in York-street has just completed his undertaking. The building is of a unique description, being built of a mixture of sand, gravel, and lime, a sort of con crete in fact, moulded in large square blocks, and left to dry and harden by exposure to the sun. It is altogether a new style of building for Sale, and has completely knocked our bricklayers out of time. Mr. Christensen says that these sort of .buildings are in great numbers where he belongs to, and that they will eudure a much longer time than brick edifices of the same dimensions. It looks healthy to see people putting up substantial buildings on their lots, and is a sign that times are not so very bad as some of our inveterate and never to be reclaimed grumblers would lead us to believe. Mr. Dherang's olio of Rocky Mountain odditios is hero at present, and astonishing the nativos by the varied performances. Mr. Dherang's capabilities, as a posjturer and balancer aro of a high order, as many a worse hand than him have I seen in tho old country drawing crowded houses. It is not often that a glimpse of glory visits us' in our retirement, and a visit to the performances will well materially help to drive away that melancholy with which most.of us are apt to get innoculated. The arbitration decision arising out of the caso •Newham /. Bennison was arrived at this morning. Mr.Newliamsued Mr.Benison at the last County Court for four years services, but owing to somo irregularity in tho summons was thrown out of court, hence tho present cuso. The facts aro those—Mr, Newham claimed four years wages at tho rate of 30s por weok his. claim being reduced by an admitted set off for1 cash, &c.;, to £200. The defendant's plea was no indebted,for wages, ai Mr. Newham in consideration of board and lodging had undertaken to keep his accounts, and that there never had been an agreement between them, that ho actep during his own pleasure, wont and cnino without loavo asked or obtained, and was speculating on his own account, and tha during the currency of tho term 110 domand had been made 'or wages. Tho arbitrators appear, however, to have allowed a small weekly wage, deducting tho amount that appear as the debt of Jlr. Newham, as also a portion of the period for which wages were claimed on account of absence, allowing £45 in full of all demanda, which was immediately paid. It would be needless making any remarks upon this case, or pursuing tho subject further, as they might only tend to,breed discord whero peace yet may reign. Thursday, June 26. The Mechanics' Instituto building progresses to wards completion; the roof is on, tne floors are lai('t and all thai is now awanting ore the finishing and artistic touches. The rauch debated question as to how thu opening should be celebrated has at length bi>en decidcd, tho committee having resolved that it shall bo a conversazioni; under the management of Messrs. Peck, English, and Eawlinsoii. A number of people have Itiiidly lent their aid in giving éclat to tho business, and promised to contributo somu really good paintings towards tho formation of a picture gallery, While the ladies (bless their kind hearts) have engaged to supply all that is required in tile gas tronomic department. Doubtless it will be a very well got up affair, as I know from experience, when the ladies of the north take upon themselves the cares and responsibilities of office, everything has always been pronounced excellent, and the occasions spent most harmoniously without ever any crusty old bachelor giving utterance to the ghost of a growl. A voto of thanks was accorded to Mr. Legge for his kind offer in providing a musical entertainment as soon as convenient after the opening ceremony, which takes place in the first week oí August. It was confidently oxpected that Mr. Anderson would ere this hare come in from the Jordan, but as he has not yet arrived I cannot give j'ou any further information respecting these" diggings. All that I can say is that goodly numbers keep going, and none returning. Owing Jto the conch leaving a day earlier than usual I uni unable to give you any Police-court in telligence, as tho only case of any importance comes off to morrow, but^Fwill send it you in my next. 