ST, PAUL'S CHUftCH. The annual conversazione in connection with St. Paul's Church was held at the Adelaide Assembly Eooms on Friday evening; December 12\. Tea was provided at <i o'clock, of which about 52(1 persons partook. After tea, Mr. N. Bltth, M.P., took the chair, and, at the conclusion of a short prayer offered by the Dev. A. E. Russell, h(; made some terse hut appropriate remarks with "reference to the history of that church. He thought it was the duty of a Chair man, on such occasions, to say hut little, that tliev might get through the programme of the evening as quickly as possible. He would not, therefore, detain them long; but he had been requested to announce that books had been prepared for organizing a systematic mode of subscriptions to wards the Sunday-school the Church -Fund, missions to the heathen, and other objects. At the last annual meeting he cxDic&ed; a hope that ere long the parsonage would be erected, and he desired to record his thanks to Almighty Cod for having permitted them during the y-arto'eoinplete that building.' Their object in the present meeting was not so much of a pecuniary kind as to have a social gathering of the congregation at least once a year. The choir, which was under the direction of Mr. E. Coraisli, then sang the anthem. '"Praise the Lord." _ Mr. S. Gootse, one of the Churchwardens, read the report for the past year, from which it ap peared the attendance on the public services of the church oil Sundays had been altogether satisfactory. Tiie number of regular seat- holders was about £.-70. and of persons comprising what might be called a floating congregation, over 30!). The limited ac commodation was sulliciently felt to render it desirable that the church s.uu'd lie completed and the facilities for sittings increased as soon as possible. The attendance on week- day service was said to have fluctuated considerab'y, the average number at present being about 89. An additional Sunday morning service at K o'clock had also been "established, and the institution of j occasional meetings for scripture reading, i conversation, and praver, at the parsonage, was in contemplation. The number of communi cants at the beginning of the year was 1:3, which bad increased to 13L The holy communion had been celebrated 27 times during the year, and the addition of a monthlv" evening communion rendered it possible for some to communicate who were previously debarred. Sixty-four children had been admitted by baptism into the Church during the past 12 months. The Sunday-school num bered 299 scholars and 21 teachers. The amount of money raised by the congregation for all objects from December 1, 1S6I, to December 1, 18u2, was XI,992 2s. 3d., which by promised sub scriptions, and a grant from the Leigh Fund was augmented to .£1,352 2s. 3d. The report next referred to the erection of the parsonage, .and expressed the indebtedness of the minister and congregation to Mr. W. EL Graham for his : generous contribution of architectural plans and superintendence The religious progress of the Church was favourably alluded to, aud the report closed with an exhortation to Christian diligence. The Ten. Archdeacon Woodcock was called upon to speak, but he said he had already declined to take part in the proceedings because of the state of his health. He was there merely to show his symp.vt.liy with the object of the meeting, aud he joined with the Chairman in his aspirations to Aimighty Cod for the future prosperity of the Church and thanks for the success which had attended them in the past. The Eev. D. J. EL Ibbetson being requested to address the meeting, said he was placed in a similar position to the Archdcacom-not having had an opportunity of preparation. He heartiiycongratu lated the congregation on the material and reli gious success which had liitherto attended the Church, and he earnestly prayed that increased prosperity might be vouchsafed to them during the coining year. A trio, "Shepherds-tell me," was next sung by Messrs. EL I'ounseit, C. Sceyjigouh, and 11 COODE. The Eev. A. E. Bc sseli, then commenced his lecture on "Ghost Stories." He referred to the superstitious feeling which prevailed iu days gone by, and even in the present time, with regard to ghosts and apparitions. He was not inclined to state positively whether he was a believer or an unbeliever in tbc existence of ghosts, but he thought the amount of evidence in favour of such an idea deserved their consideration. He also spoke of some of the causes which had been assigned for these supernatural appearances, and then related some most remarkable stories of haunted houses and apparitions. They were all well authenticated, otherwise many would feel inclined to doubt them, and even as it was one was almost constrained to say, " Truth is stranger than fiction." This concluding the first part of the lecture, Mr. ConxisH performed "The Last Eose of Summer." "Home, Sweet Home," aud the "Marsellaisc Hymn" on the harmonium. An interval for conversation ensued: at the con clusion r>f which The Kcv. C. Maeryat spoke. After relatiugone or two incidents on the subject of the lecture he referred tu the great pleasure which such meetings as tire present induced, and said it was a cause of gratitude that t hey were peranum to meet together as they were <ioi;r.r. They should also be grateful fur the prosperity which "had attended the Church, aud the success with which the labours of their pastor had been bussed. After some further remarks lie expressed i lis gratification at ascertaining the success of the • vening communion which his friend Mr. Russell had instituted during the past year. He concluded l>y congratulating them upon the erection of the parsonage, which lie could state, from a personal inspection, was a very comfortable residence for their minister. Messrs. Goode, Pounsett, Scrymgour. It. I Purges", and Wright then sang tiie glee "Pair riora decks." The Ilev. A- It. Ecssell took that opportunity of thanking .them for the very comfortable resi dence which they had built for him. He then pro ceeded witli the second part of his lecture, by speaking of apparitions winch, though not indicat ingdeath. painted to relations which seemed to exist between friends and relatives living very far apart. He concluded by descanting on dreams and visions, which appear to have been sent for the purpose of saving life; and stated that though he would not say there were not ghosts, yet if there were he should not be terrified by their visits. It was, he thought, by no means impossible that visions and apparitions were the result of some unknown natural causes. i Tiie I/iiiD Bishop of Adelaide, who had ' entered the room towards the close of He lecture, l was called upon to speak. He remarked that he j should have !?een present earlier, but the duties of j opening a new church at Glen Osmond had pre vented him. He made some general observations j on the subject of the leciure. and joined in the I prayers which had been offered for the prosperity of the Church aud the success of their pastor's labours. | "Morn amid the Mountains" was then 3ungby the choir as a chorus. Mr. E. W. Andrews, after making some re marks upon the lecture, rather tending to the dis couragement of belief in apparitions, said they must all have been conscious of seeing two very agreeable visions that evening—the first, that of twenty-four ladies presiding most kindly over the hospitable tea-tables; and the second, that of twelve ,ir fourteen others, who, assisted by several gentlemen, and directedliv thcirexceileiitorganist, had added so much by their sweet voices "to the gratification of the company, lie therefore had great pleas lire in moviug cordial votes of thanks to the ladies who provided the tea and to the choir. 'J'ue Ilev. D. J, H. Jbijetson spoke at treat iengrh on the subject of the lecture, and related severs! fresh ghost stories. He then briefly seconded the motion, which was carried by ac clamation. l'lie proceedings were closed by singing the >i-.tional Anthem, and the offering of the bene diction. (loeii and Bad Qualities.—" Ah, Sam, so you've been in trouble, hah you!" "Yes, Jim, yes." " Well, well, cbei-r up, man: adversiL.v tries lis, and shows up our better qualities." "All, but adversity didn't try me; it was an old vagahone ob a judge, and he showed up my worst qualities." A one-legged Welsh orator, named .Tones, was bantering an Irishman, when the latter asked him "howhecanietoloseiiis leg?" "Well," said .Tones, "on examining my pedigree, aud looking up my descent, I found there was some Irish blood in me, and liecoming convinced it was all settled in tiiat left leg, I had it cut off at once." " Be the powers." said Pat, " it 'ud av lieen a good tiling if it had only settled in ver head." A Hint to the Censorious.—There is no readier way for a man to bring his own woith into question than by endeavouring to detract from the worth of other men.—JWolson. A man of the world may have enough of the world to sink him: but he can never have enough to satisfy him, 