THIE POl'. To the Editor of the Launceston Examiner. Bsra,-I was much pleased to seeepublie atten tion called to the subject of the government of our port and harbour, by some letters from a corres pondent, "E. L. Ditcham, Master Mariner." I thought that the subject having been opened by a professional man, some apologist for the existing state of things would have come forward,.anda spirited discussion ensued. Bat since (as Milton hath It) "Patron or intercessor none appeared," I naturally conclude that the whole affair is coo dtemned by the voice of the community nem. cown. But the condemnation of a thing does not necesa sarily lead to its reformation; nmany of the time honored insittntions of the mother country have withstood the assaults olf successive reformers, whose efforts have been endorsed by the sense of the country at large. Public nflairs are too apt to fall Into routine, and operations which were adapted to the circomstances under which they were initiated, are continued long after a change of circumstances imperatively demand a radical alteration in the principles or details ofconducting the business; those in oflice finod it the least trouble to let things go on in their old coursesi and if any reformer appears he is voted a bore, be caose, like Clennan, " ie wants to know, you know." How is it that we sever see any reports of the meetings of the Marine Board P The Municipal Council, which is constituted for the purpose of governing the town, and mending the ways of the poblic, throws open its doors, and courts pub licity; and a very wholesome check on the ac tions and expressions of the members this same public opinion ist but the Marino Board, which meets to tax the citizens throcugh their shipping, and whose revenue is almnost equal to that of the Municipal Council, wraps itself In impenetrable obscurity; lust publishing an annual abstract of receipts and expenditore Is it that they are ashamed to let the public know how little busoi ness the members have to do in exchange for their weekly guinea P or have they not sufficient confi dence in their own method of doing business to let the details come before the public? A change is certainly reqnired; the port is almost deserted by ashipping, the receipts of the board must have undergone a serious diminution, yet, as far on I can learn, the same staff of ofilcinl, pilots, &c.; is kept up. I asceriain from printed returns that in 1859 there was a balance to the credit of the board of between seven and eight hundred pounds; in two years that balance has dwindled down to about one hundred and forty pounds. If the expenditure be not materisally reduced, where may we expect to be in the next two years P But the worst feature in the case ii the injury which the excessive port charges do to the port by deterring shipping from visiting it. I have my. self heard shipmasters say that they would never come here anoain, and would do all in their power to prevent others from coming. I admit that the intricate navigation of the river offers some ob stacles, but I cannot help thinking that if the Marine Board were composed of men who .tho roughly understood the most economical way of working, ant who were determined to carry it out-anclent usage notwihbstranding-mach good might be done, and the languishing commerce of* the town prevented from giving up the ghost. I am, Sir, Your's, Onsaynsa. 