Ä SITTING WITH Mlî, FORSTER. i A MB. FOESTEB, from America, ia nt present staying in London, and as ho is' creating an immonso sensation at tho present moment as tho most wonderful medium that has )ret leon taken into tho confidence of the other world, tho following account by one who was lucky enough to obtain au interview, may be interesting to our readers : - Although the futuro historian who writes about us two hundred years hence will scarcely characterise this ago as one remarkable for credulity, it is protty generally known that among Hie fancies of tho fashionable world there is none moro prevalent than a desire to hold intercourse with tho spirits of tho departed. A " medium " in good repute, who, for a cer- tain fee, will enable us to discourse with our deceasod grandfathers, may be regarded as a member of a pro tension at once lucrative and distinguished. No connection is there between him and the obscure prophetess who extracts foreknowledge from a dirty pack of cards, with tbe fear of tho police before her eyes, and is only approachable through tho narrowest of alleys. The "medium "has his¿ well-furnished apart visitors' rattle up do h'm door in -.theil' carriages, and, far from concealing tho fuet of their consultation, enrich their discourse at dinner with anecdotes of tho wonderful magician. A dozen years ago an' honest country gentleman who firmly behoved that he had seen a ghost was forced to keep his belief to himself, if he would not be laughed down by his enlightened frionda. Quite ; another view is now provalent. A thorough disbelief in ghosts has become rather vulgar than otherwise. Just now the leading " medium " is Mr. Forster, of Bryauston-street, Portman- square. Ile gives sittings (seances is the word) at tho rate of one guiuen a head, and is so fully occupied with his spiritual business that, without an appointment on the previous day, there is no chance of au interviow. When you are lucky enough to got your hour, you certainly have your guinea's -worth. Mr. Forster gives you the right of search into the ghostly bosoms of all your deceased relatives and friends, and if you question them about this little debt, that little legacy, and t'other little mortgage; they will answer you with a straightforwardness that perhaps was by no means characteristic of their earthly career. Many an old curmudgeon who would havo told MB next of kin " not to bother " if be had asked him a hundredth. part of the questions propounded in Mr. Forster's room now overflows with information, and,' dis- tressfully rapping, hovers about his relative's ; chair, fearful that he may not be asked enough. " There is n spirit wants to speak with you," is one of Mr. Forster's most frequent remarks. X)o not let it be supposed that theso spirits are spectres in winding-sheets, and that when addressed they poko their heads out Pf a caldron, like the spirits in Macbeth. In a civilized age, when thc knowledge of read- ing and writing is supposed to bo universal, tho spirits prefer the epistolary form of correspondence. You taite ? your sent com- fortably at a little round table, with Mr. Forster himself, and perhaps two or three other amateurs of recóndito wisdom, and . if the table suddenly pitches into your lap you need not be in the least alarmed, as this is only a sign that the spirits--iu toastmasters' phraseology- bid you heartily welcome. Then you write the names of half-a- dozen departed friends on little morsels. of paper, double them up, Hing thom: into an indis- criminate heap, and touching tho papers ono by ono, seek to discover which of the - spirits is* desirous of holding con verse. Th reo., raps on the table signify that you haye touched the most willing' cou'nuunicaiit, and Mr. Forster will surprise you by putting a piece of blank note paper limier 'the table, and in an instant bring it back, with tho Christian name of your readiest friend written thereon in pencil. Or ho may vary, the experiment, and tucking up his shirt-sleeve, show you the name inscribed on his own arm in red letters. "While this is going on you are occa- sionally diverted by renowed .lurches'of. tho table, and also by something that rubs against your knees. This, you are informell, is tho touch of a spirit ; but you need not bc alarmed,-tho spirit is not half so dangerous as one of those pet poodles that sometimes take similar liberties. After several experiments of tho kind described, the air seems to bei-omo impreg- nated with spiritual intluenccs, Tho lurches of the table increase, rappings go on at short intervals, and you are told that ono of the spirits wishes to speak with you. This is your time to put in your business-like questions, - to ask whether Smith will honour his acceptance without hoing stimu- lated by your solicitor, or whether Brown' really died intestate;. Sometimes Mr. Forster-:possessed of courso, by the spirits -will himself answer these interrogations in ' writing, scribbling on tho .paper with -pre- ternatural rapidity, as if unable to control his movements, But generally a rap on tho table is the response (one rap donoliug " No,' two raps" Doubtful," and three raps " Yes "); and tho questioner may bo advised to use such a form of inquiry as may be nuswered by a simple afHrmativo or negative, and to avoid tho disjunctive form of interrogation, The spirits, though communicative, aro dis- posed to be laconic, and we need not remark that the seeker for advice who asks whether in a certain - case he ought to proceed by common law or equity, and is answered by plain "Yes" or "No" scarcely obtains the guidance he requires. To avoid dis- appointment, -let him therefore ask. " Shall I issus a writ ?" or, " Shall I file a bill ?" (one pr the.other, not.both to togethor), and ten to one but he will find that tho raps proceed from the most '- unquestionable worldly wisdom. ''. \ Even for those'gross natmes who, not satisfied with seeing'spiritual handwriting, hearing raps, feoling their knees tickled; and bearing tho weight of lurching tables, would like to have something like tho armed head thrust out of the witches' pot-even for these gross natures a Lonne bbuclie is provided. One of tho party asks " Shall wo havo a hand?" in as oahu atone as if a bout'at whist or cribbage was proposed, but ho means no such levity. If Mr. Forstor thinks that tho opportunity is favourable to tho introduction of tho !' hand," you move to another part of tho tablo, and whereas tho previous experiments (if mado in thc morn- ing)''wore pciformeil in broad daylight, Ibo shutters are now closed, and '^.you anxiously towards tho table's opposite edge. Now you have really aright to feel a little nervous. An indistinct something''risos to your view, mid growing, more définit^ is plainly a hand, with tho fingbrs:in rapid motion. About this hand there ia-'ñd':.mis- ta ko, nor is there a doubt about its' inclina- tion to clutch a bit of paper in its vicinity. That this is a most oxtronrdinary exhibi- tion no ono i can deny . who ' watches- it fairly through.' Granted any 'amount of conlederucy or collusion', it is still difficult to explniu how tho name written by tho questioner on paper can be imitated in it moment by an unseen scribe under the table, aud how thc arni of Mr. .Forster, who never quits your sido¡ is inscribed with'.'a' WQ«tn of your own choice. Lot us add that, ' ififyou writo your own name and many others, on scraps of paper,- aud, throwing thorn in a^iicap together, touch thom in succession, tho affirmative raps will only be given when the right paper is touched. At these sittings nothing is done, w^'hQthe view of inspiring terror. Mr. Forster is no lean, haggard seer, but a young gontleniairof a trank and ovon jovial aspect, remarkably gentlemanlike and urbuuopin' his Stainer, ."^djUQt at all indisposed tp laugh 'nudjoko in '- .\^ainJ>t-*01riii -spiritual mauU'estatiimBj'i Now'aiúl then he appears pained nad <fiA baustcd through the work of " mediation," but mostly, if tho party consists of geutleniou only, ho smokes his cigar amid a volley of rappings, as a voteran might writo his des- patches with shells flying in nt his windows. Confining ourselves to tho report of pheno- mena, we do not pretend to determine when tho spirit leaves oil' rind the flesh begins. Mr. Forstor offers his patrons, a very agreeable hour y his necromancy is of the most genial kind and, if people are frightened rather ,tlian pleased, it is not his fault, but theirs. As for that strauge hand, with the twiddling fmgors, why should auy dull, mechanical prig attempt-to destroy our amusement at watching it by some dreary exposition of physical causes? The hand does no hann, aud shares with hard words tlie property of breaking uo bones. "What- ever the spirits may ' be, they are not malignant. DESTRUCTION OF .SHEEP.-The, Pastoral Times reports tho destruction of a flock of 3780 sheep near Swnnhilh They were tho property of a Mr. ltiddal, aud wore on thoir way from the Ballarat district to tho Darling Tlicy were found to be affected with the scab, and wore killed, and tho carcases burned With reference to this case, the Pastoral Times says :-" It is fortunato for the settlers on this side of tho Murry that tho stringont provisions bf tho now Scab Act in Victoria are uow aiding in their protection against tho introduction of diseased sheep into their runs, as otherwise it might havo happened that uoti withstanding the vigilance of Mr. Stalley, and the lookout kept hythe residents on the river, theso sheep had eluded all thoir watchfulness and crossed into New South Wales. Tho appointment of additional officers, whose duty will be to watch the movements of all sheep intended to bo brought over from Victoria,' as well as to inspect thom, will materially tend 'to produce a feeling of greater scanty ; for it has been manifest that it was morally impossible for ono inspector alone, however active bo might bo, to protect efficiently a long line of boundary, extending about 400 miles in length. The annual commemoration of the Sydney University was held on Saturday, with nil the customary ceremonies. The address was delivered by the' Chancellor (Honorable I?. L. S. Merewether), aud his Excellency the Governor hoing called on by tho Principal, made somo very «¡^propriate observations im the valúo of education, and tho -liberality with which, in its higher walks, it has been provided for in this colony.-Herald. 