FISH" OF THE GORGON TO THE I ZAMBESI RIVER, AFRICA. Mr. Sewell, of Her Majesty's ship Gorgon, has supplied a London paper with some sketches in connexion with the recent visit of that ship to the Zambesi River, and the following descriptive details of the visit arrest _ "F. X' Leaving the island of Johanna on the tSlBLofJanuary, under orders- to proceed to the Cape, the Gorgon steered for Mozambique, which she reached on the 19th. While employed coaling and provisioning a brig hove in sight. She showed no colours, and her odd manoeuvres created a suspicion of her being a "slaver. She however, stood in towards us, and proved to be the Hetty Ellen, of Newport, laden with the sections of a small iron steamer, the Lady Nyassa, intended for Dr. Livingstone. She had also as passengers from Natal, Mrs. Livingstone, Mrs. Burrup, Miss Mackenzie, the Rev. Mr. Hawkins, and a Mr. Stewart. Mrs. Livingstone was trying to join her husband. The rest were en route for the mission station at Magomero, situated on the right bank of the Sheet, and under the charge of Bishop Mackenzie, brother to the lady of that name above mentioned. Mrs. Burrup was also making her way to her husband, who had preceded her last year in the Gorgon from the Cape. As soon as it was known they were immediately sent for and entertained on board the Gorgon. They landed to have a look at the town. The Governer showed them every civility, sending his Aid-de-Camp to the landing-place to receive them, and providing sedans for their accommodation. These were very acceptable, as there are no vehicles of any description at Mozambique. The ladies enjoyed the trip exceedingly; it threw new life into them, after having been pent up for more than six weeks in a miserable little brig of 200 tons. They had had bad weather and hard fare principally salt meat, indifferent biscuit; and bad water which it was at times impossible to drink. " From Mozambique weL proceeded to Guillemain;in ' order to obtain intelligence of Dr. Livingstone; We anchored of the bar of that river on the 26th, a long way from the shore. The surf was running so high on this the worst bar on the coast, that boats were not sent in till two days after, when it in some degree moderated. The boats behaved well and got over all right, and we reached the town, situated about fifteen miles up the river, in good time. The Governor's civility and hospitality could not be exceeded. We had the satisfaction of hearing that the doctor, in his little steamer the Pioneer, was trying to make his way down the Zambesi to reach the mouth of the Congo; the Gorgon, therefore, proceeded there without delay with the brig, but on getting off Luabo the Pioneer was discovered at anchor inside the bar. Captain Wilson immediately communicated, but nearly lost his life and that of the boat's crew, for his gig was swamped in going over. The next morning the doctor came out in his steamer, when a happy meeting took place between him and Mrs. Livingstone ; he had been down some days, and was anxiously looking out for a man of-war the provision him. The members of the expedition, consisting of Dr. Kirk, Dr. Meller, Mr. Charles Livingstone, and Mrs. Gedge, were all well. From them we obtained intelligence of Bishop Mackenzie and his party; they had established themselves at a place called Magomero, on the right bank of the River Sherry about 350 miles from the Congony mouth of the Zambesi, but had unavoidably ' come into collision with the natives in their neighbourhood, the Co was. Fortunately all disputes had been settled, and they were on food terms with all up to the time of Livingstone leaving them. 'l "In consequence of Dr. Livingstone representing that it was most desirable to get his new steamer the Lady Nyassa up to the Murchison Falls before the Zambesi began to subside, and thereby save twelve months' delay, Commander Wilson decided on rendering every assistance in his power in furtherance of the object in View. Fifty men and officers were told off,armed,andpro visioned for a month, with the intention of their being employed in discharging the sections of the steamer into the Pioneer, and accompanying the latter vessel up to the falls. " On the 1st of February, when all was ready, the Pioneer took the brig and two of the Gorgon's paddle-box boats in tow, and steamed over the Congony bar, and anchored in a little way inside the river, when all hands immediately set to work to clear the Hetty Ellen. Placing the sections of the Lady Nyassa on the deck of the Pioneer, they took up every inch of room and reached halfway up her masts. The work was expeditiously and cleverly performed. A quantity of the 0 C. D. D. Mission goods was landed beside the Portuguese Custom-house and placed under tents, lifting impossible to carry them up in the PuNter, no other mode of transit having, -taArprovided. ""On the 9th we commenced ascending the river. It was soon discovered that the steamer was too much immersed; it was with difficulty she stemmed the strong currents. For five days she plodded away, till at last all her coal was expended. We had only made about eighty miles'. Attempts to procure wood were all but useless the banks of the river thus far being lined with nothing but long rank grass andLonly here-and there a palm rising like a ghost upon the same scenery around. A boat was therefore despatched ahead to try and get wood cut or Chupanga and sent down in canoes By this and she was enabled to reaching Chupanga, where a part of her load was put on shore. - Finding it quite impossible to calculate the time, I reckon upon the steamer reaching the falls at all within the period for which the. ->f Gorgons were victualled, the. paddle-box boats returning to their shipYlfcvi^biwr the gig, with a party oftwelvejj&nuul; three officers Commander Wüw. Ramsay,, and Mr. Sewell), behind^'Tjiese^in two boats, pushed up the Sheri, Kubler to convey Mrs. Burrup and Miss Mackenzie to their mission station. Commander Wilson had given up all hope of the Pioneer being able to get up in any reasonable time, the state of her engines and wheels rendering it impossible to get sufficient speed to stem the current. On March 4 they reached Chelsea, the nearest place to the station ; there they received the melancholy intelligence of the death of both the Bishop and Mr. Burrup Commander Wilson endeavored to communicate with the station, but when within a day and a half of the place, was struck down by fever and had to be brought back. Messengers were, however, sent on when Messrs. Scudamore, Bowley, and Waller came across the country and met the party. The particulars of the fate of the Bishop and Burrup were as follows They had endeavored to reach the Ruo in order to meet these ladies, who were expected up the latter end of January last. On their way down in a canoe they were capsized, and lost all their medicines, clothes, &c.; This accident brought on fever, of which the Bishop died on Jan. 30, and was buried by Mr. Burrup. He was also attacked and returned toChebesa,whence he was carried to the mission station, and breathed his last on Feb. 15. " The Pioneer had discharged all her cargo at Chupanga, and the Doctor had determined to put the Lady Nyassa together at that place, tow her up to the Murchison Falls, and there take her to pieces again. This will probably occupy the best part of the season, so that unfor- seen circumstances have disappointed all the hopes that were formed at first start- ing. " Pioneer brought down the Gorgon's party to the entrance of the river on the 18th, and intended returning to Chupanga with the rest of the steamer's gear, which had been landed on her first arrival. The Gorgon had been driven away from her anchorage in a gale, and did not return till April 2. After giving the pioneer all the provisions and stores that could be spared, and which were calculated to last several months, we parted company with Dr. Livingstone and his party, with three hearty cheers, on April 4, en route for the Cape. The Gordon's ship's company has suffered considerably from fever, nearly every man and officer having been at [ tacked." 