SKETCHES FROM REAL LIFE. By OLD Boomerang. (From the Sydney Mail, 2nd August) Phew " whistled Job Shiver, as he stood rub bing his sloe-coloured nose against his window pane, and gazing at the cheerless prospect outside, during the height of the south-east gale which shook the city of Sydney a short time ago, and caused the white bearded billows to dash in terrific grandeur upon the frowning Heads and iron-bound coast with incessant booming, like thousands of Armstrong guns. " I'd rather be a tailor than a sailor in such weather as this," muttered Job reflectively. " A snug seat on the shop board, with my legs doubled up a-la- Turk, would be preferable to a slippery seat astride of the topsail yard, at the weather hearing, or a long spell at the pumps in a leaky ship and probably a wet bunk to turn into, if I were lucky enough to have a watch below at all. Poor sailors ! ' sighed Job, " I strongly sympathise with you and right glad I am that many other folks in Sydney sympathise with you too, more substantially than I can do, as the comfortable and commodious Sailors' Home, in the course of completion, and the Bethel Church, will testify. And if I could make every sailor, who enters this port, hear my voice, I would shout with all my powers Shipmates ahoy! square your yards, and bear up for the Bethel Church every Sabbath day that you are in harbour and steer steadily for the Sailors' Home too, when it is ready for you, and thus show your appreciation of the kindness of those good friends who have evinced such praiseworthy solicitude for your temporal and eternal welfare." " Whew " whistled Job Shivers again, as he shrugged his shoulders, and thus began to apostrophise : " What a sombre panorama is before me, of slippery slates, mouldy shingles, rain-soaked walk, and greasy looking church steeples. The winds are holding jubilee, and, like a multitude of maniacs, run away from their keepers, are playing all sorts of extraordinary freaks ; now upsetting a shaky chimney- pot, or rolling up the metal on my neighbour's house like a jam pudding, and sending a shower of dislocated Shingles into his back-yard ; then blowing their best to capsize that baker's cart at the corner yonder, and to take the hood off the doctor's cab at the same time. And then, as if savage at being foiled in their efforts, rushing fiercely through the front railings, full tilt at my windows, making them rattle castanets accompaniments to their wild discordent voluntaries, and shrieking through every crack and keyhole of my domicile, like the weird spirits of misery and mis- chief coming to finish their work. 'Tis dismally dark ; the low black clouds are roll- ing overhead, like huge waves of wet soot and the spike-like rain is forcing its way through every chink and crack with unceremonious impetuosity, as if determined to expose defects, and make slovenly builders ashamed of themselves. " Most of the streets of Sydney are washed cleaner than if a hundred scavengers had been sweeping them for a month and many cart-loads of incipient cholera, in the form of mud and muck, which had been seething for weeks past in sundry ill-favoured localities, are now washed into the harbour, to be soon dragged to light again by the dredging machine. " Few folks are out of doors now, except doctors and milkmen, postmen and policemen, butchers' boys, and poor little shoeless girls with water cresses. In vain are rare bargains exhibited inside the drapers' doorways and their windows, which often display so much taste and order in the arrangement of the ' latest novelties,' and which are usually as attractive to the admiring ' fair ones ' as toffee shops to little boys, are now powerless to extort more than the mere passing glances of a few dripping pedestrians. " Customers for drapery wares are very scarce to-day, and yard-sticks are as useless as greasy fiddle bows. Some masters look lachrymose and fidgetty as they occasionally reflect on their heavy expenses, the total stoppage of trade, and the approaching 4th proximo ; while others blandly smile at the driving showers, and sympathising with the jolly farmers in the country, hopefully anticipate that ' good times coming.' " Shopkeepers in general have nothing to do but put their shelves and drawers to rights,' and look over their ledgers ; all jobs necessary enough, however, and which no prudent tradesman will neglect. Public houses, though, are doing business, and are pretty full of drenched-out mechanics and labourers, who are further decreasing their short week's wages, forgetful of the sorrowful Saturday night their ill-clad wives and children will see in consequence. No new shoes for poor little Sally, so she cannot go to Sunday school. Rather spent the price of her promised new shoes in strong drink, which made him so weak that he could not walk home at night. " Landlords of some low-class dwellings Bit un- easily in their easy chairs, dreading the intrusion of shivering tenants to report on leaky roofs, cracked walls, fallen plaster, and the inundation of their homes by dirty torrents from upper streets. Underwriters are anxious, but hopeful. Owners of coasters are nervously calculating the probable whereabouts of their vessels bound from the north, and whether they have been fortunate enough to fetch Broken Bay before the sea got up and if not, whether they have sufficient owing, to weather the much-dreaded New castle bight, and take refuge in Port Stephens. The niggardly owner of that old rotten collier schooner is painfully aware that it is now blowing a close-reefed topsail breeze. He is sorry that he tremblingly refused his skipper money to buy rope for a new ' fore tack,' main sheet, and topsail braces, on his last trip and his slumbers to-night will probably be disturbed by dreary visions of struggling sailors and dreaded visits from wet ghosts. " Poor laundresses and dairymen especially, and poor folks generally, to whom, for a long time past, water has been a very scarce and severely expensive necessity, in many localities not yet favoured with main pipes from Botany, are now rejoicing over their overflowing rain-tubs ; malgre the accompanying miseries, in too many instances, of almost impassable pathways to their leaky, mud-beleagured dwellings, Amateur horticulturists, the fortunate owners of suburban villas or model farms, are in ecstasies at the timely relief to their drooping parterres and shrubberies, their snuff coloured lawns, or their feverish looking vegetable plots and the hopes of despairing seedsmen and nurserymen are resuscitated by the anticipation of a brisk trade next week in garden seeds and plants of all sorts. Country farmers are merry as magpies while viewing their reviving crops and their fast-filling water holes. The cattle upon a thousand hills ' are, by their frolicsome capers, expressing joy and gratitude for the present and perspective changes in their diet. Long have they stretched their weary necks, to nibble precarious meals from the dry and scanty herbage, and soiled their noses in the dirty quay, while they sipped but a short allowance of muddy water, of the consistence of porridge ; but now they have a superabundance of the pure element, and anon they may browse on the tender grass to their hearts' content. Some insect tribes are hastily migrating from their inundated holes ; while all inanimate nature puts on a glad face in mute, though expressive, acknowledgment of this welcome supply of long-lacking moisture. " Although, I dare say, most persons, like myself, feel more comfortable in fine, sunny weather, continued Job Shivers meditatively ; " and some are, doubtless, gloomy enough to-day, for 'the dumps ' are as fashionable, in this kind of weather, as the doloreux and toothache, there is nothing very ex- hilarating in these cold, pelting, rain-laden squalls and the murky clouds overhead look as dismal as undertakers' plumes ; still, cheerless as they look they are surcharged with exhalations and vapours precious as gold-dust which, by the aid of these fierce winds, will shower down fertility upon the thirsty ground, by refreshing and renewing the vigour of the whole of the vegetable creation within their influence and by and by, when the welcome sun shows his bright face again, and warms the world with his effulgent beams, Nature, in its renovated emerald garb, will gladden the hearts and eyes of all beholders, and this temporary gloom will all be forgotten. The showers fall upon the pastures of the wilderness, and the little hills rejoice on every " My dislike to a drenching, or to the almost certain pains and penalties which would succeed one prompts me to remain inside my house," continued Job Shivers ; '' but thanks to the inventor of glass I can look outside, while I keep myself as dry as a bran bag. Here, then, from my elevated position, I can take a hawk.eye view of multitudes of wet roofs, and indulge the while in a little speculation (as the gentlemen observed the other day when they bought up all the Yankee notions and tobacco ; but if I could at the same time cast a spectral glance beneath the roofs, and into the hearts of some of the occupants of those dwellings, what a folio I could fill with sorrows of all sorts, and fidgets and fancies besides. While, alas ! there may be hundreds of persons, of various classes, sorely afflicted in a mind, body, or estate, there are, probably, also many more favoured folks, now reclining on satin sofas, surrounded by elegance, luxury, fashion, and everything else which some people think essential to make life comfortable ; who are literally 'rolling in riches.' and apparently a secure from want and poverty as they are from these cold winds ; yet they are hugging some-perhaps self- invented-misery to their hearts, as if it were really worth cherishing. How much it would assist to cure such persons of their imaginary ills, and make them grateful for their comparatively happy positions, were they to view some of the numerous victims of abject misery, want, and disease, in the various low-roofed hovels of the back lanes and alleys, within sight of their own costly habitations. Ah! it would do their hearts more good than the best lecture they ever heard in their lives on contentment. If I could only make them hear me, I would say to them, in my blandest tones, and with my hat in my hand, Dear Ladies and Gentlemen,-You,to whom God has given a superabundance of the good things of this world, and will one day ask you what you have done with them all, pardon old Job Shivers for offering you a few hints, which, if you will act upon, will surely promote your own happiness, while you are administering to the happiness of others, in performing a duty which you cannot safely neglect. " Think, -before you are sunk in soft repose, How many groan beneath life's varied woes." Yes, and think at the same time, if you have some superfluous blankets or warm half-worn clothing to spare, or something which you would never miss from your overstocked larder. Draw out your purses too, and distribute a little bread and coal to those poor Dining widows and their half-starved, shivering children, in their cheerless, fireless, wet and grimy homes. Do this, and your consciences will feel be comfortable when you hear the wind rattle the pelting rain-drops against your plate-glass windows. You will feel so much satisfaction at having sent a blanket, a warm shawl, and your old merino dress, to that poor, con- sumptive girl, whose gentle spirit will soon soar away to her Father's house above,' and will perhaps bless you as it takes its flight from its weary house of clay. You will feel so happy, too, when you reflect that those half-famished children will perhaps pray for the kind lady who sent the basketful of ' broken victuals,' and saved them from going to bed hungry ; while that old, paralyzed patriarch will never forget your goodness in providing the load of chopped firewood to warm his aching bones and cheer his wintry heart. Oh, ye rich folks ! one and all of you, pity and relieve the poor, in this stormy, dreary weather especially, and in so doing you will enjoy a luxury indeed ; even the blessing which is promised shall attend the performance of such duties by Him who cannot lie. And inactive folks, in visiting the sick poor, will find in their work of charity a panacea for mountains of misery which too often afflicts those who have but little to do or to think of but the very things which create or augment those miseries." " Heigho " sighed Job Shivers again, as he rubbed his blue-tipped nose I wish I had a sackful of shillings-or sovereigns would do better-and I'd soon send some of them along with my sympathy, for they are best united ; but I've more sacks than sovereigns now a days, worse luck. However, such as I can give, I give heartily ; my sympathy and prayers for all the poor, shivering, suffering mortals beneath those dripping, mouldy roofs yonder. And right glad shall I be when the warm sun again shows his welcome face, to dry their city homes and cheer my mildewed heart." Mortality amongst Sheep from surrosed poisonous herbage.- The Melbourne Economist of the 25th ultimo says In our last issue we were enabled, by the kindness of Mr. Wallace of Ballark, to publish a report by Dr. Mueller, of a visit to the estate of that gentleman to investigate the cause of the death of a number of sheep, which had occasioned a good deal of alarm among the sheep farmers in the neighbourhood. It was suspected that some poisonous grass, new to the locality, had by some means been introduced to the district. Dr. Mueller's services, as Government botanist, were accordingly called into requisition to ascertain if the suspicion had any foundation in fact. His report (which appeared in Wed desday's Herald) offers a valuable hint to stockowners in reference to the precautions that should be observed when removing stock from a poor pasture to a rich one. Being conducted to the paddock where the mortality had occurred, he did not succeed in finding any hero which could be considered in itself deleterious or poisonous. On inquiring into the circumstances, however, he found that the flock in which the deaths had occurred had been Draught from a dry upland part of the run into the paddock, which had been entirely unstocked for some months previously. The soil, consisting of decomposed turf, was of the richest description, and hence the growth of grass and weeds was extremely luxuriant. The sheep, before they were put into the paddock, had been kept a whole day without food. After this abstinence they would naturally gorge themselves to excess with green succulent grass. All sheep farmers know that a great number of deaths may be looked for under such circumstances. Dr. Mueller accordingly attributes the mortality in this case not to the poisonous nature of the herbage, but thinks that the sheep must have swallowed more of the fresh green food than their digestive functions could assimilate. He is inclined to believe that a South African weed, named Cryptoitemma cahndularcitm, may have constituted the principal food taken by the sheep in this case ; but that it is not poisonous is shown by the fact that a small flock of sheep, which had been previously grazed upon similar Bell, were put into the paddock in question, without any bad consequences. A similar conclusion has been come to by Mr. Gamgee, professor of the new Veterinary College of Edinburgh, in regard to a new disease in lambs which has alarmed the farmers of the fine pastoral districts on the borders of England and Scotland. He stated, in an address delivered on the 30th of April, that sheep and cattle are becoming yearly more subject to diseases of an inflammatory nature, which, he says, is induced by the increasing practice of high feeding. The great abundance of food for live stock during the last winter, he thinks, led to a plethoric state of the system, which is highly dangerous in the case of ewes in lamb. As a proof of the correctness of this view, he states that there has been only the usual mortality in those flocks where the ewes have not been averted, It would appear, therefore, that the disease, though different in some respects from that in Mr. Wallace's sheep, is probably of similar origin. An analysis of the blood by Mr, Gamgee showed a per centage of 106 of fibrin against only 2-9? which is the normal quantity in a healthy lamb. The remedy suggested is to stint the ewes for sometime before lambing, and, on very rich pastures, to give one or two doses of purgative medicine a fortnight or three weeks previously. Nitre given in bran is especially valuable, and the ewes will eat it greedily. Another case in point may be mentioned, When sheep are suddenly removed from grass, and put on turnips, it is well known that a great many deaths take place, unless the precaution be taken to remove them every day, for a week or two, to a pasture field. As the more rapidly the sheep thrive, the greater is the number of deaths, it is evident that the disease is of an inflam memory nature, as in the cases already mentioned. An allowance of hay, when sheep are first put upon luxuriant pasturage, would probably be the means of preventing anything like serious mortality. Hayiis too expensive an article in the colonies to be used as an ordinary food for stock. For emergencies, however, no pastoral farmers should ever be without a good supply. Nothing can be better for the purpose than good oaten hay. In many situations, however, where a fair supply of water is available, a small paddock might be sown with English grasses and irrigated for the purpose of providing a supply. On many of the mountain farms in the United Kingdom where roots cannot be grown for live stock, a supply of hay is absolutely necessary, as a provision for snow storms and hard weather generally. On most farms there are a few small enclosures fenced in expressly for that purpose. Of late years, where the situation admits of it, some of these enclosures have been laid down as water- meadows with great advantage to the occupiers. So far back as 1846, on a large farm in Peebleshire belonging to Sir George Montgomery, fifteen acres were enclosed from the moor, and five acres of it only partially irrigated by collect- ing the water from the surrounding sheep drains. The remaining ten acres were top-dressed with the manure made by the sheep when fed on hay during winter in a wooden shed, situated near the meadow. By this simple improvement fifteen acres of a poor moor produced from thirty-five to forty tons of hay annually. In this climate, it would be very poor soil indeed where from seventy to eighty tons would not be produced from fifteen acres of irrigated ground, two and perhaps three crops might be obtained every year from the same ground. To keep it productive, however, it would be necessary to give a good dress ingot manure every alternate year. This! however, could be procured without much trouble by taking 25 matter to the Same Place Whe! assT«mPBnt0Pn?B(,I'EEIY T East MAITLAND-The miss 2. of Finnerty within the bounds of the xSffiS' seems Island has been completed. wondrous ï6V18ed» *!" as annual rental of the Hit cut down at »b<"»t*"',000.' By a late of St sum «*Ç«ctedto be raised from tara -ÍS»ÍSv^rÍMa0Unt between MO.****T 