Clarence and Richmond Examiner, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1862. THE events which mark the epochs of social progress and shape the destinies of a people, are frequently undemonstrative. They pass without notice, scarcely deemed worthy of observation. Our quiet town has been the scene of two occurrences duriug the past week, both of which are of importanco to the whole district, and well worthy of recog- nition and record in a public journal. The arrival of the Agnes Irving, dressed out in her best for the occasion, accompanied with all the accessories of pageantry, is such an event that we need not wonder at the place she occupied in the public mind, or at the intense desire which prompted the hun- dreds of our population to avail themselves of the facilities offered by the Company, in the shape of a trip to the Heads on Thurs- day last. We, in common with all well wishers of the district, devoutly wish that she may for many years to como, have a successful career on the Clarence, and be delivered from that fate which too many alas of our first-class colonial steamers have recently met with. We congratulate the Company upon the continued prosperity which such a vessel indicates, and hope that their efforts to afford increased facilities for our commerce may meet with increasing success. But, however, important may be the re- sults of the Agnes Irving, the ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH is vastly more important to the district. The event of Wednesday, the 17th of December, 1862, is one which will be more fraught with consequences to the Clarence than any event which has occurred in its history ; and yet, like most important ?????s, it has scarcely been recognised. No ?????? were hoisted to welcome its arrival — no cannon hailed its approach — no plaudits announced its presence — silently, as a process in nature, it commenced it's operation, and ever since it has fulfilled its mission of bring- ing into contact the most distant parts of the colonies. For all purposes of communica- tion, we are next door to Sydney, Melbourne, Adelaide, and Brisbane. No longer com- pelled to wait in suspense for the arrival of a steamer, or the tedious mailman : we may, in a few minutes, hold converse with a friend, separated from us by a long sea voyage or a dangerous journey. The effect of such a rapid mode of com- munication, must result in a revolution of our ideas of time and space ; the men of enterprise will reap a rich reward, and those who delight in retardation, will have to take their place in the rear. The usual slow coach system of transit, must sooner or later give way, and before long more frequent and rapid modes of transit to the metropolis and the interior will take their place ; the mer- chant will soon be dissatisfied, and seek for a remedy against a system of carriage which entails upon him a loss of time equal to, if not greater, than the usual voyage of some fifteen thousand miles across sea. If responsible Government has done nothing else for us, it has given us the TELEGRAPH, and we thankfully receive it as an instalment of still greater benefits, which must be supplemented to make this their first gift efficient and abiding. AN investigation, with reference to a breach of police discipline, has lately taken place at the police office, Grafton, which has been con- ducted, as is usual in such cases, with closed doors. Relating as this enquiry does to a matter of much local interest, we have exerted ourselves to obtain authentic information, and offer no apology for laying before our readers such particulars as we have been able to gather. It seems that some time since, a person named MULLIGAN, resident in South Grafton, actuated, we must hope, by an abstract love of justice and a zeal for the efficiency of the police, addressed to Mr. Sub-inspector GALBRAITH, a letter apprising him that con- stable HENRY BASSMAN, the oldest and, perhaps, most generally esteemed member of our local Police Porce, while having in his custody on a civil charge at the Clarence Heads, a prisoner named JOHN HARRISON, had permitted this man to drink a glass of grog and himself drank another at the same time. That he had further joined in what is called " shaking in the hat," to ascertain who should pay for the liquor, and had spoken in disrespectful terms of the POLICE MAGIS- TRATE. Captain HILL to avoid any appearance of prejudice or bias, judiciously declined to take any part in the enquiry, which this charge rendered necessary, and the matter was recently investigated by a Board of Magistrates, composed of the MAYOR, Messrs. A. LARDNER, and C. J. WALKER. The informer, MULLIGAN, was cited to appear, and brought as his witnesses, the prisoner HARRISON and one HUGHES. After a patient enquiry the magistrates, found that there was not the sligliest evidence to support a charge of misconduct against BASSMAN, and officially recorded their de- cision " that the charge was malicious on the part of MULLIGAN, and that constable BASS- MAN was entitled to acquittal, from all impu- tation of impropriety." The constable, how- ever, with great honesty, explained to the Board that he had been detained for some days at the Heads, with HARRISON in his charge, in the midst of a number of dangerous and lawless men, that he felt that he only held his prisoner as it were on sufferance, and that he was obliged to behave in a conciliatory manner. He had, therefore, permitted the prisoner to have an occasional glass of grog, and on one occasion being pressed thereto by a number of " roughs," he had joined them in "shaking in the hat," fearing that if he re- fused he should get his own hat shaken with his head in it ; and not only be maltreated himself but lose his prisoner ; and that by this line of conduct he had succeeded in keep- ing his man and lodging him safely in Grafton. He also admitted that he had on one occasion expressed some dissatisfaction at a reprimand which he had received from Captain HILL, which he thought that he had not merited. These were the candid admissions of an honest and upright man, desiring no acquittal on false pretences, and beyond these there was not the ghost of an evidence in support of the charges preferred. Mr. Sub-Inspector GALBRAITH subsequently brought the matter under the notice of Superintendent LYDIARD, and that gentleman has thought proper in a manner closely bordering on discourtesy, to ignore altogether the decision of the local magistrates, to censure BASSMAN severely, place his name on the defaulters list, and order him to prepare for instant removal to a dis- tant station. On Friday last, the question was re-con- sidered by a Board, consisting, we believe, of no less than eight of our local magistrates, including the POLICE MAGISTRATE, and we understand that it was unanimously decided that the removal of one of our best men, in direct opposition to the unanimous opinion of the Bench, could not be permitted with- out giving Mr. Superintendent LYDIARD, an opportunity of reconsidering his very remarkable decision. We ibelieve that the whole of the magistrates present joined in a strong representations to Mr. LYDIARD, to that effect — Captain HILL, who might have been supposed to be aggrieved by the expres- sion used by the constable — joining most cordially in the opinion that the man ought, on no account to be removed. Here the matter rests at present. We have here, an instructive insight into one phase of the probable working of the new Police Act. A scurvy informer, whose incurable propensity to slander, was not long ago humbly bewailed by himself in a most abject apology, which figured in our advertising columns, prefers a complaint against a constable, who has deservedly con- ciliated the esteem both of the Bench and the public by the most exemplary discharge of his duty for years past. The case is thoroughly considered by a very able Board, selected from our local magistracy, and the spy is driven howling from the Court, while the constable is honourably acquitted. The police official, as if it were for the express object of insulting the magistracy, and through them the public, contemptu- ously ignores this decision, and proceeds severely to punish the man who has been declared innocent by a most competent tribunal. It is obvious that one main purpose of this proceeding is to impress upon the police that they are responsible only to their Superin- tendent. That the magistrates may acquit them or convict them as they please, but that the private opinion or even pique of their immediate superior is the only thing which they have to regard. The thin edge of the wedge is already in- serted. Here is a scheme for raising up among us an army of myrmidons, responsible only to a central authority, over which the people have no real control, a force capable of being abused to the worst political purposes. What is to prevent the converse of the present case. Suppose a constable convicted by the Bench of the grossest misbehaviour, MR. SUPERINTENDENT may choose to take the opposite opinion. Thinks the man a very useful fellow, sees no particular misconduct, and notwithstanding the recommendation of the Bench, cannot hear of removing him ; and accordingly retains him on the station in opposition to the Bench and the public. It is time that these Bashaws were brought to their bearings. We don't want to be " dragooned." We don't want to have our best and tried constables taken away from us, and replaced by some sneaking lick- spittle from head quarters, whose chief merit is probably his absolute devotion to his SUPERINTENDENT'S nod. In the present case, this wanton act of op- pression upon a faithful and exemplary pub- lic servant should not pass without public protest. MR. LYDIARD may persist in exer- cising his authority in despite of public opinion, but it is a duty which we owe to our selves and to our servants, to show to them and to those in authority, that a long course of temperate and honest discharge of duty will raise up friends — and many of them — for a poor constable in his hour of need. We had hoped to present our readers this morning, with yesterday's Sydney news, but owing to the storm, we presume, no mes- sage was received. The Agnes Irving made the run down in twenty five hours from wharf to wharf, having left Grafton, at 6 a.m. on Friday, and was in Sydney at 7 a.m. next day. The Grafton sailed at 3 p.m. on Satur- day, but had not arrived up to the hour of going to press. 