A SCOTTISH GHOST STORY. In a certain pariah, in the west of Scotland, there lived, about twenty years since, and for aughfc we know to the coiitrary, they live there still, a couple of swains of the names of Andrew Dobbie and Robert Logan. They /were both farm-servants, and resided near each other, their employers being neighbors. At the distance ot about a mile from the residences of these worthies, there lived another party of no less importance to our story. This person was a pretty girl of the name of Betsy Hamilton.- She was the only daughter of a small laird, and wag, on this ac count chiefly, but partly also, there is no doubtj on account of her bea -.ty, sadly gannoyed with lovers, but most especially by Andrew and Bob. Others came only at intervals, stopped but a short time if they met with no encour agement, and could be dismissed at pleasure. Not so with either of the two just named. They ?were both most pertinacious if not welcome wooers. Their visits were frequent, and no disv couragement could damp the ardour of the pur suit, nor any hints, however unequivocal, abbre viate their stay. In this respect, in firmness of purpose, so far as courting was concerned, they bore a wonderful resemblance to each other, as the object of their regards found to her sad ex perience, for she liked neither of them, and was heartily sick of their pertinacity, but she could not help herself. She could by no means get quit ? -of them, and at this Betsy was the more annoyed '; that the visits of these two lovers frequently inter fered with and interrupted certain, tete-a-tite* with a more favored suitor, one whose calls were always welcome. This happy person ?was Geordie 'White, a young man, a gardener with a gemtleman in the neighborhood. After ?what we have said, it would be quite superfluous to observe that Andrew and Robert were rivals, and quite as superfluous almost would it be to say, that they hated each other most cordially, and were morbidly jealous of one another's suc cess with their fair enslaver, whom each en deavored to prejudice against the other. Although both were in the habit of visiting Betsey, yet they rarely met on these occasions, as, from a .perfectly natural feeling, they studiously avoided each other, and so arranged their proceedings as to come in contact as seldom as possible. Their visits were always made after nightfall, that they might not bo seen by Betsey's father; a crusty, sturdy, ol 1 curie, who would have broken their legs had he catclied them after his' daughter. In daylight, therefore, they durst never be seen ?within a mile of Winnlesteud, which was the name of old Hamilton's farm. They mnst come under the cloud . of night. This, neither of the lovers would have reckoned any great hardship— no hardship at' all, indeed, wore it not that in going to Winnlestead they had to pass close by an open country church yard, and that, of course, after dark too. Now, there was nothing on earth that both Andrew and Bob dre-xled so much as ghosts, witches, and the other msmbprs of the hobgoblin fraternity. The passing of the churchyard, therefore, in the dark, was a dreadful trial to their nerves, and such a one as nothing but the charms of Betsy Hamilton could have induced them to submit to. Having' mentioned these particulars, which will be found to be intimately connected with the pequel of our tale, we shall ourselves pay a visit to Winnlestead, and in doing this, we shall find Bob Logan and Betsy Hamilton in earnest and apparently/loving confab together through the kitchen window, she on the inside and he on the out ; for it was thus that all their interviews were carried on, Betsy's lovers al»ays tapping at the -window when they wished to speak with her. Bob was de lighted with the change of munner in his sweet heart; and in the confidence which it inspired ventured to complain of the visits of his rival. ' I'm sure 1 dinna want to see him,' replied Betsy to an insinuation of this kind. ' I dinna ?want ever to see the face o' him again. I canna be faBhed wi' the hav'rel.' ' Are ye speaking : true, Betsy?' said the simple swain, with a ' sheepish tenderness in his looks and -manner; i very naturally conceiving that what his rival lost \- in favor he gained. 4 ' Indeed am' I,' replied \ Betsy, ' and I only wish I could put him frae I comin' here, for he's just a plague to me.' ' And | what for dinna ye tell him that ?' said the de lighted lover, ' and get quat o' him at ance.' ' Haith, lad, it's easy spoken. It's no sae easy i gettin' quat o' hie* as ye think. I've tell' t him ; a huhder and n, hunder times, that I didna want ; him to be comih' about me, but see if he'll believe me, or stay awa' a b't the mair on that account. My heart's just broken wi' him, for quit o' \ him I canna get do what I will. Od, man, if ye war worth your lugs, 'Bob, ye wad fa' on some way o' keepin' him awa' frae me.' ' What can I do, Betty ?' Buicl unsuspecting Bob. ' If he'll no tak' your word, far less will he tak' mine.' ' I'll tell ye what ye micht do, Bob, and'I'm sure it wad cure him o* comin' here. Ye ken Andrew dislikes passing the kirkyard at nieht, though, as everybody kens, there's nao thing to be feared for. Now, could na ye just throw a white sheet. -aboot you some nicht, and waylay him on the skirts b* the kirkyard, close ! by the road, and I warrant, if he get a glint o* you,' he'll no come my way in a hurry again, and the coast wad be clear for yoursel', man, Bob,' : added Betsy, with a sly alluring look. Bob appreciated the proposal, but by no ' means relished the idea of performing ' the business of it. He therefore looked 1 rather blank on its being submitted to him; for he was every bit as great a fool as hi8 rival, and equally dreaded passing the church yard, bo that a worse, or more unsuitable hand ; for frightening another could scarcely have been ;: ? found. Betsy knew all this very well, but she : knew also as well that she had influence enough I , over Bob to induce him to do almost any thing. It I , was some minutes, however, before Bob made j ' any reply to the daring and horrifying proposal, i;, and during thiB time he was inwardly cogitating ? on the possibility of his being able to commpnd ;. nerve enough to go through with it. At length, ? [ however, he said with a grim smile, that ' he I' thocht it wad na be a bad plan, and that he !; would undertake it.' But even while he ex i; pressed this determination, a cold Bhiver came ; over him, and his teeth chattered in his head. 1 1 The prize and the reward held :-ut to his valor was. a splendid o.r.ej; the .undivided society of Betsy; (for Bob knew nothing of the visits of the gardener), and he resolved to secure it at all hazards. 'But,' ' said Bob, -with, a desire of alleviating as much a3 possible thepart he was to act, 'I may wait lang eneuch for Andrew, unless I kent pre cisely the nicht and the hour that he wad pass, and ye ken the kirkyard's but an eeri place to wait in.' 'Oh, but I'll manage that, Robbie, lad,' quoth Betsy. ?? Andrew '11 be here the morn's nicht— that's Wednesday ; now, I'll en gage him to come again on Thursday night at eight o'clock, so that if ye're at the kirkyard by about half-past seven or sae, ye're sure to ha'e him in less than a quarter o' an hour.' ; The lover grinned with satisfaction, and shortly after took hip leave ; having* however, previously again pro mised to Betsey to enact the part assigned him. Oh, the following night, as Betsy hacLcalculated, Andrew made his appearance, and was received iwith an unwonted welcome by his fair captivator. Andrew was delighted with his reception. ; for, as in the case of his rival, it was so marked as to be at once perceptible. 'When did you see Bob, Andrpw ?' inquired Betty. 'No this sometime,' replied the latter, ' ' and I oarena if I should never see him.' 'Nor me either,' rejoined Betty; he's a stupid gomeral.' 'And what for do ye encou rage him then, Betty ?' inquired her iover. 'Me encourage him ! My word, I gie him nae encou ragement ! I canna bide the sieht o' him, and wad gie the best gown I hae to be quat o' him.' To make a long tale short,, the wicked Betsy played off precisely the same game with Andrew that she had done with Bob V; he was te frighten bis rival, the following night, and in the same manner. This matter arranged, Andrew shortly after, went his way, but it was by n© means with a light heart ; for t.ie promise he had made hung heavy on his spirits, and the thoughts of the part he had undertaken to act chilled him not a little. He, however, determined to go through with it ; the hopes of supplanting hiB rival rising superior to his fears, and endow ing him with a desperate resolution that by, no means belonged to Ms natural character. The reader will observe, that the two made-up figures were, by Betty's wicked ingenuity, now. fairly pitted against each other at the same place and hour. The plot was; no doubt reprehensible. The eventful night having arrived, and the appointed hour being at hand, Bob slipped out of his mas ter's house,, with one of the sheets ef his bed rolled up in a pocket-handkerchief, and stuffed beneath his buttoned jacket. Thus provided, with a beating heart, and with by no means the firmest step, or most tightly braced nerves, he proceeded to the scene of action. The night was admirably adapted for his purpose, there being just the pre cise quantity of moonlight that Bhows him. off to the beet advantage ; not so ln-ch as to divuige details, but just enough to set the imagination on the stretch, and to . set it a- working on the slightest hint. As Bob approached the churchyard, a cold sweat broke out over him, and he felt his knees very sensibly yielding under him at every two or three steps. He pushed on however, and having gained the burying1 ground, selected a very large flat gravestone, raised in the usual way on four short pillars, as a place of concealment — that is, making it so, - by lying behind it. This stone lay a little way into the. churchyard, and at the dis. tance of about ten yarda from the road by which Bob expected Andrew to pass. Thore was one nearly equally good for the former's purpose close by that he had chosen, and parallel to it, but the one he selected was, on the whole, the best, being a little higher than the other, and perhaps a trifle longer— qualities which Bob thought, during the momentary consideration he gave the subject,' more than compensated the advantage the other stone possessed in being a little neartr the road. Having selected his locality, Bob crouched be hind the stone, and commenced his toilet. In an instant hewas enveloped fromhead to foot in the snowy covering. Flinging himself now down at full length behind the gravestone, he there lay quietly and immovably awaiting the sound of his rival's approaching footsteps, which he proposed should be the signal for his making his ap poaranc^. Leaving Bob thus disposed of for a time, it will not be unamusing, perhaps, to follow out briefly the proceedings of Andrew, in connection with the business of this eventful evening. These, in truth, however, very much resembled those of the former. Andrew also pro-* ided himself with a sheet, and when the appointed hour approached, repaired with it concealed about his person to the churchyard. This, however, ho did with no greater good will than his rival, and by ho means with any greater degree of ^courage. In truth, he was, if possible, still more oppressed by fear than his rival. Still he determined to go through with the thing, for the motives were strong that im pelled him — love for Betty, and hatred of Bob. Wrapping the sheet about his person, and with as stout a heart as possible, he stepped over the wall of the rural cemetery, which was a low one, and -walked forward in quest of an advantageous position. His eye caught the two large stones alrcjady spoken of, aud behind one of which Bob was ensconced, and he thought them, both eligible bu«- he preferred the one nearest the road, not Bob's, and accordingly strode towards it, tor he entertained the same purpose of seeking conceal ment until he became aware of the approach of his victim. Bob heard a footstep. He looked up, but without moving, and behold — oh, horrible! oh, distracting ! oh, annihilating sight ! — -a tall figure in white approaching him. He would have emitted a murderous shout, blending together all that is appalling in sound, but his tongue refused its office. He would have started to his legs, but they failed him in his need. They were power less. His -vital energies were locked up with terror, he was chained to the Bpot by it ; and all that he could do was to stare with suspended breath, dilated nostrils, and frightfully distended eyeballs, on the hideous phantom. It approached. Bob's head began to swim, his eyes became dim, and in the next instant he was unconscious of his situation and of the appalling presence he was in. Ho had swooned. Andrew, in the meantime, wholly unaware of the powerful effect he was producing, moved on towards the place of concealment ho had fixed upon, and having arrived at it, stretched himself down at full length parallel to Bob by the side of the adjoining stone, to await in this situation the approach of hiB trial. The matter thus disposed of, all remained quiet for some time. At length Bob recovered a sense of his horrible predica- 1 ment, and hud begun to stare around him again in quest of the appalling vision, that had blasted I his sight, but not seeing it, he gradually raised j himself on his elbow to command a wider view, | and finally raised his head slowly above the sur face of the stone behind which he was , con cealed. Now, it happened that Andrew,^ be coming impatient. at the non-appearance of. his victim, raised his head above; the, level of his stone at the very same instant,, and thus two' pale faces and sheet-hooded heads fairly con fronted each other, and at the distance only of a few yards. It was an awful moment. Petri fied with horror, they stared at each other for several seconds in the motionless agony of, overwhelming, inexpressible terror ; but at length both sprung to their feet, and eanh thinking the ; other was about to come to closer quarters, both gave a desperate and unearthly shout, and took to their heels in opposite directions. Bob, whose route waB inland, flew over the churchyard with, an amazing speed and lightness of foot, but un happily stumbled frequently in his route. He, in truth came down every two or three paces, and some of his falls, were severe ; but -so rapid were his motions — under the influence of the maddening terror by which he was impelled — that they scarcely seemed to interrupt his progress for the shortest imaginable space of time.; He was on his feet instantaneously, and away again like the wind. The churchyard wall — for it was walled at the upper end and at one of the sides — he cleared at a bound, sheet and all, and away over the open country he went, clearing hedges and. ditches with t : e agility of a harlequin. Andrew, in the meantime, had gained the road, along which he, too, was flying with desperate speed, and with horror and distraction in his looks. The two way worn figures finally arrived, in most piteous plight, at their respective homes, but bo\h having taken the precaution to divest themselves 'previously of their sheets. It was not for some time certainly known what had happened to them, as they would divulge nothing themselves. That they had got some dreadful fright or other, how ever, was the firm conviction of both the families to which they respectively belonged ; their horror-stricken looks, when they ar rived, and the fact of both keeping their beds for nearly a week after, strongly con firming this view of the case. Both heard of each bther'B mysterious adventure and subsequent ill ness, together with a whisper that thoy had seen something 'no canny,' but this, in place of leading them to a discovery of the fact, only con firmed their previous impressions ; both believing that they had encountered the same object. We need hardly add, that neither Andrew nor Bob ever went near Winnlestead again. They durst not go in daylight, for a reason already men tioned ; and for another reason, which the reader will readily guess, they would not go after dark for all the wealth of the world. It may not be unnecessary to state, that in less than three months after the exhibition in the churchyard, Betty Hamilton and G-eordy White were married, and that, soon after that event, the real factB of the Btory, as we have told it, got abroad, to the great confusion of the unlucky ' gomerals' who had been the victims of it. 