THE CALEDONIA If (JAMES AT BAL LARAT. (From Yesterday's Star.) NEW Year's Day was bonny. To those Meed who, less fastidiously fashionable than the ghost in Hamlet, do not object to getting up in timo to ''Bcent ihe morning air," some dubious mists^ might have been seen eirly yesterday morning hanging about tho shaggy locks of the brow of Warrenheip. Soon, however, the sun shone forth, and asserted himself right royally all the live long day. The overarching heavens were unapecked with a cloud, and Christopher North's holiday-keeping countrymen, at the Cope' hageu Grounds, really did, as he says (barring the nativity of thn skies) "holdup smiling faces in tho sunshine, and from their bold foreheads fling back the blue beauty of their native skies." There wan, however, a trifle more dust and a trifl.- less " Glmleevet" under the colonial "blue beauty" than in the latitude of the it octet; but we doubt if ever a merrier day was spent by the men of tartan end heather. Indeed, the Scotchmen and Scotchwomen seemed to muster in greater force than ever yesterday as if by way of practical retort to the Argus strictures anent the sports called Caledonian. There never was a more successful gathering in this district, and as BalUrat generally excels Melbourne in its show of kilts, and piptrs, and athletes, our readers will understand the success of the day when we state that, yesterday there were more than double the usual number of bagpipes and bare legs visible while the competitors in some I of the evtnts very far exceeded pre vious occasions. Karly in the morn ing the cars began to ply to and fro, and gr.iups of peoplo, among whom the Scottish bonnets and tartans were very fre quently to be seen, lined the road in the direc tion of^ the grounds. About ten o'clock the proceftriou began^ the march from Stewart's Family ffotel. Alain Itoad. Pipers iu costume headed the procession, followed by the band of the B V.R j{. Then came more pipers behind bearers of tile Scottish flag, of the Buninyon^ society, and following these wero members of the Ballarat and Buainyong societies, the band of the Western Fire brigade closing the pro cession. Hanging on the skirts, and indeed surrounding the procession, were a host of mis cellaneous pleasure Beekers, who swelled the crowd as the march proceeded un til by the time i tlie grounds, were reached tho whole road was i filled. Inside the grounds the scene was soon ' even more exciting, and hy noon the whole boundary circle of the arena and every portion of the'grand stand were packed close with a gaily dressed mass of people, not fewer than , from 6000 to 6000 persons being present. It was upon before the familiar sound of " Auld Lang Syne " proclaimed the opening of the day's names, the ball being begun by a reel by the Highlanders. Aud here we must make bote of the unwonted display both of i Kited men and pipers. Instead of the illus trious " one piper," who inspired criticism in Melbourne, there were half a dozen delighting Scottish ears at the Copenhagen Grounds on Wednesday; and instead of the !'dozen men in kilts" who did duty for the Melbourne Bociety, there were more than thirty on Wed nesday asserting their reverence for philabega and sporrans. The first event was Futtixo the HEAVI STOXE, (2211)9)-First prize, L5 5s j Nicholson, distance 31 feet 8} inches. So conil prize, hi is j Haig, distance 81 feet 5} inches. 6 competitors. SjAA*p»o Hioh 1bu».-First prize, L3 3s; M'Kelrie, height, 4 feet 4 ioclics. Second prize, LIJ&, Telford, lieiqht, 4'frct 3 inches. 3 coin* petitory Uio.ILAXH Flis-o.-First prize, L3 3a; Haiqh. Second prize, LI Is; Stewart. 3 competitors. PUTTING thk Lwut STO.vk.-First prize, LI 4b : Hargh, distance, 31 feet inches. Second prize, L22a; Nicholson, 33 feet 11 inches. 0 competiiors. Ho», Srer, ASD Lbip.-First prize, L2 2s; M'Kelrie, dif-tance, 3^ feet § inches. Second prize, LI Is j 33 feet 0 inches. G competitors, Tu&owisa; HEAVY HmuEii.-First prize, L5 0b: Nicholson, distance, 1)1 feet 10 inches. Second prize, L2 2s; 87 feet, ft competitors. KACB 120 YAnus.-First prize, L3 3s, Emery; second prize, hi In, TrHrers. 12 competitors. BEBT DUESSED HiQULAXD?tt.-Shoulder Bnckle, or L3 3a, Jbe prize wav awarded to A. Fin)ayson, but the judges highly commended all the other fonr competitors as exhibiting excellent taste in their costume. . " BEST DRESSED Highland DOT.-Society's Silver Medal. The prize wa? awarded to IJ. Dnrie, hat S. Menzies was deemed to hare merited a compli mentary qift of 10s, which tras therefore gireii* 3 competitors. DANCE-GILLIE Cauux-First prize, L3 3s, W. Corn s; second prize, Li U, W. A. Stewart VAULTING WITH THE POLE,-First prize, L5 0s M'Kelrie, he'ght Oft Oiu; second; prize, L2 2s, Simpson, height Oft 2in. Gentries. TUUOWI.NO LIOUT HamiijHi.-Entriesi J. Haig,' 0\. Lamont, F. M'Danald, O. Nicholson. Tho squio competitors rere successful iu this a» in the heavy hammer er«-ut, and indeed a more masterful weilder of the hammer then the inevitable Haig and Ni cholson would he" a phenomenon. First prize, Kichotson, distance U2ft2}iu; second prize, Haig, distance Ifoftvin. . ..4 .... . TosstNO THE CAEEIL-First prize, H 4s; B?cond do, L2'is; thin! do, LI is. Entries-J. Haig, J. Swan, C. Nicholsnn," F. WDonahl, \\\\\ Haig, Ji AI Donald, W. B. Bishop. The cabet* tvus a iireeii while gam pole, 18 feet 10 inches long, an 1 from 1'2 to IB inches in circumfer ence. in this game John llaig is unapproached, a> yet, atoll our gatherings here. In it the hardest work and the strongest man met together yesterday, as n'ual; but even Haig could nut " tots" the He till it was abridged of its too great length. He tossed it at ID feet 3 inches, and J. M'Do wall suc ceeded at Ji fret 0 inches, Bishop coming iu for tho third prize. GUANO Handicap STEEPLECHASE, GOO Yards, over six; flights oi hurdler 3 feet 0 inches high. Two j Wuter Leaps, one 12 feet long and 5 feet deep, and the other U feet long and 4 feet deep First Prize, LO O3; Second do, 1.1 Is; Third do, L3 3a; Fourth do, hi 2s. (Judges: Messrs DaWes, K'el'y and Craig.) Entries: J. F. Coleman ^25), Foster (scratch), M'Kelrie (10), Tuscb (30), Be)lett (scratch), TraversttO), Walker (25), Mason (10). Selby (III). v " v " This event created a good deal of interest, and the floundering in the deep water caused no tnd of fun. .M'Kelvie was expert in all the items of the raoe, and won an ea*<y first, Uellett being second, Sel' y third, and Travers fourth. PIPE MUSIC-I'ID IOCII- First prize, L3 Jls, Fiu layson; seconJ priz*, Li, 'is, A, M'Dujjald. Sack IUc*.-First prize, 1 /»us; second do, L\ Is. Kutri^s: W. Conlthard, E. Huine, IVoftssur Sampson, IiCotiltlifird, A. Thompson. 'i'Jie distance iu this event was not su great as it should have been and tli» fun therefore was not so capital as was ex pected by many. Still it was a laughable affair, and watt highly et'joyol by everyb"<ly, no doabt. \\\\\ Conlthard won the first prize, and Baine the second. Ui.oai' Swoub Exeucne.-l'irat jnize, L3 .'Is; R2(vmd prize, L'-i '2*. tutries: Hurler Guun, W\ Cald--nvood. J. M'Millan, C. l'itmn, J. lluuter, I'usdj. There *1*5 some very go.fi play showu in event, and the men managed lo keep tjiuir tempos well, a feat sometitji' s faik'd iu while witMing the mimic wrapon. in tin? first bout Calderwood, .^r.MjJlin, a" /11 'usch made JI joints fflch, Jiuntc-r y P-inta, Pmitn 0 points, and Gunn i points. M'Miilau and Puseli then had another round, when Fussftmade 11 andATJlillan i points. M'Millan tni Ciddorwood Kt-to, and CflU?rwoo4 U points, and M'Millan 0 points. The first prize was therefore adjudged to Vusch, and the second to Calderwood, KACR mc Meudeiis «r THE SOCIETY ik HIGH* L\\.nd COSTUME.-Prize, yiver Shoe Buckles. Fust prize, Greenfield; second prize, Nicholas. DANCE, Suanthuis.-First prize, L2 &, Stewart j second prize, IjI IF, I KUSNI.NO lliou LEAP.-First prize," LI 3s, i M Kelviu, height 0 feet 1 inch; second prize, LI Is, Meredith, height 5 feet. i HANDICAP KACE, 8U0 Ymm First Prize, L5 5s; Second do, I<2 2s; Third do, LI Is. Entries. Walker Rid Gelhtlv (iO), M'Gill (20), Mason, Em* I ery.and Solby (scratch), Victor ('20), Bowes (35), I This wag a good event, end all the knowing ones. ! and those that were not knowing ones, too, were electrified by seeing all the expert* beaten by Gel!* ! fitly, a ra? lJallarAt hand. Gellatly and Mason, tho great Melbourne runner, came in a dead heat, with Howes third; and the tie being run off hy Mason I an>l Gellatly, theMyouuguo" completely distanced his antagonist, and won easily. Prizes, 1, Gellatly; 2,Mason; 3,Bowes, Pipe Mus c-Firnt prize, L3 3s for marches and I strathspeys Charlison; Second prize, L2 2s, IMgar. I Extra prize for general excellence, A. M'Donald. , 1 HITCH avd KICK.-First prize 1,3 3s: Second do. I LI la. Entries: ILHfield, Boyd, Solby, Elton, | This was the first time this peculiarly elegant came has been tried here. The event consists iii kicking I a tin plate suspended from a thing like a gallows, | and he who kicks highest wins the highest prize. The conditions are that the kicker shall "rise off , one foot,' kick, aod alight upon same foot." Selby i and Elton soon exhausted their abilities, aud nfter a ; great deal of disputing between the other two And tho judges, the fir&t; prize was won by Ilatficld, aud I the second by Boyd. 1 DANCK-Rkkl or Tulloch.-First prize, L22s; F. M'Donald. Second prize,LI Is; Stewart, j Haslicap HURDLE K CE, 400 YAWS.-Over six j flights of hurdles, ft feet G inches high. First prize, ; L*> Os; sf cond do, Lfl 0»; third do, LI Is Entries -Emery and M'Kelviu (scratch), Pellet (5), Green ! field and Turner (8), WilliBms. Simpson, Hatfield, and Coleman (10), Sell<y (15), Travers, Walker, and Mason (*20), Pusch and Spiers (25). It was i resolved, as the day was now nigh spent, and the competitors nigh speti' too, that there should only be one event: and after a smart brink run tho win* I nor* were: Selby I, M'Kelvie2,Greenfield3.-' j TILTING AT THE Ki.va.-Ciij> and silver medal. The following entries aiid points were made:-G. Sraeat«n,2; F. Clarke, 7; It. Mather, 2; M'Ge<', 2; Dalgleislj. 0; I). Gann, 3; l).Stewart. 7; P. Hedrick, G; Innes, 5; "W. I>rysdale,3; W. Calder* wood, 0; Frascr, 2. Messrs Clarko and Siewatt then rode off their tie, with the following result: Clarke 2, Stewart L The prize was therefore awarded to MrClarko. This closed the events of tho day, one or two boys' races having been introduced at intervals to the great amusement of (he on-lookers. The games being finished, the proccssion of the morning re-formed, and began the homeward march. At Bellair's Rainbow Hotel, a halt was called, and the President of tho Caledonian Society, Mr A C Kerr, and otlur directors, accompanied by their Buniuyong guests and otherB, repaired to the large room of tho hotel The chair was taken by Mr Kerr, and, among other toasts, the company drank "Success to the Ballarat and Buuinyong Highland So. cielies." Several spoakers alluded to the late article in the Aryus touching the games of the Caledonians, and pointed mention tyas made of the ineffectual effort of tb" "leading journal" to damp the ardour of the lovers of celebrations so criticised; tho entire success of t^o gathering that day being regarded as the most gratifying proof of tho determination of Seotsmeu herebr>uts to maintain their time-hohored and hesilth'promnting recre^tl-us. After a brief sojourn at Bellair's Hotel! the company broke up, aud the pipers were soon heard vending their way homeward. 