. -jtggM||HHWBaMaMIJHaiMIHMMMr>aMM^ , XONDON GOSSIP. ' I $\Fromïhe liverpool Albion, January IV th.) ^Tt-DAv begins Hilary Term ;--so called, aceo: -fling to tho late Justice Maule, fi om St. Hilarioui ^vho must have been a solicitor, and commence caccbinatory capering when writs began to run int -individuals who had out-run tho common coi ' stable, but were overtaken by these special Dcoi looted ditto, Messrs. Doe and Eoe. Seldom hav Hmbs of tho law bad livelier grounds for frisi încBBtban at present, booauae of the cause-list ; -tB&nae; in which the forensic soul ia always bodil, enlisted. But though sport to attorneys generali; .means tho reverse of laughter-moving to the com -anunity, the public may on this occasion par ti ci pate in tho fastidiousness which thc professioi feel when the periodical phlebotomisingcommonces îThero is au end of tho 'J'rent. That's sonacthinj to thank our Lucky Stars for, including th stripes as well, 'Whether we may thank tho lat ter for much or little irf reality, as well ns in a; pearance, wo shall probably not be in a conditio] to conjecture before tho 1st of April next, on o ' About which suggestive day we shall perhaps fini out who's the dupe, though who'B tho knave ma; even then romain an open question in our Eolf-sbu eyes. When the late Lord Herbert was tho Mi Sydney Piggledy, eollcagno of tho Duke of Uig gledy, in tho Balaclava chaos, he deplored th anomaly of our being " in accord with our enemy int not with our ally"-a phrase that was but i ^paraphrase of the alarming " connivance and ere dnlity" inuendo of the leader of Her Majesty' iepposi ion. But wo have since made such stride an political ethics, that it may now he possibli -to bo in accord with ono's enemy and ally too Just aa the St. Helena Baying, ns to Europe even tualljr being either republican or Cossack, may bc lome oat by Furope's becoming both. Th< siecessary preliminary to that ia, the obliteratioi cf moral senso and the immemorial usago in th« multitude, as well as in their rulers, the social tiec sow perishing from above. The sanction oi ^Parliament to the declaration of Paris, abolishing JBight of Searcl), has never yet been dared to b< asked for. It will now. Prince Albert Is gone. Se wai d's «se saw despatch-neither vin -dicating American Law, nor controverting -British law, and therefore the best of all pos- sible auxiliaries to & : design based upon .mentalconfusion-has been composed; property called *' composed,'- and meaning " dootored,' justas mach as Thouvenel's, oonoootcd out of pre -clsely the same Wnlewski pharmacopoeia, and JabeÜed Before taken 710t tobe shaken, lest, thc . . patient-unfortunate Bull-awaken. "Thoughts black, hands apt, drugs fit, and time agreeing; confederate season," and BO on, as the ingenious gentleman says in tho play, when pouring thc "leprous distilmont" into the sleeping ear of thc . . Jfajesty bf Denmark. Soon we shall seo what we shall see, a's Toar'cm has it ; but never a bark "only a" muffled one, shall we hear from thal «arno dog, while Britannia is hoing despoilfd oi ribo trident which ever ruled tho waves while she . . -aras true to her Mol sonic axiom, that the abandon- ment of the last man, last ship, and last shilling in jBngland would be proferablo to hor relinquish -anent of tho right to enforce and tho duty to respect Justice on the Sea. However, sufficient for tho day is tho San Ja .cinto thereof. Take we leave of the libctty Wilkes took with us, though Wilkes and that kind of Jiherty may be an clement in the conversation of -what is left of tho freedom it waa supposed to -Imperil. The caution of the Oaucasian chief that Conservatives should avoid committing themselves ? Jfl HOW justified. ? '-Tlioir flo-oollotl proao counting -BB nothing, for they aro still free to rèpursue Lord ^Derby's course of '56, when 102 peers endorsed JHotspur's endorsement of Hardwicke's epigram- matic! admonition, that the then ringing of bells -would be followed by wringing of hands, when -Clarendon's surrendered key of our maritim c strong-box came to be turned upon ourselves. aChis will be the real business of the session ; that .is, the business in which there will bo any roality, though tho mode of doing it, especially the mode cf pretending to provent its being done, will be characterised by tho same cbarlatanrio and im . -posture as in the previous instances. What will íe Stanloy's'courso scorns to bo tho chief puzzle, seeing that ho" bas discarded tho Disrnelian dicta- tion in a great degree, but is never likely to be a leader himself, while thc spccialto ot Iiis status . jorbid his. becoming insignificant in the houso, sud tho belief in his honesty gives him weight out HOI doors. Recent occurrences, tho speedy oblivion that follows the removal of tho mOBt pro- minent or lengost known senators, must tend to blunt tho eagerness for famo he once experienced, -warning him that ho too might pass away, and the world joy on as before. Curious aro tho -caprices of tho public, or ra thor of thoir purveyors, in such particulars, to bo sure. At a time when tho-most out-of- tbe-wny, and most trivial topics ... are sought after and dilated upon with a greed end difluseness which bespeaks tho ravenousness of space and tho fnmino of matter, ono would sup- pose that such on inoidont ns the dc miso of tho lather bf the Commons, roi nt 87, would havo .given birth to all Boris of retrospective and .prospectivo parallels ;-disquisitions on the state cf society whon the old man entered tho old louse, and what ho saw during tho building of tho now, and speculations on what he might tcp af he lived till tue new tumbled down, which it promises soon to do, its alacrity in sinking becom- ing so improvod by practico that it will speedily to perfect, and subside into tho Thames altoge- ther. But Sir Charles Burrell is dismissed in tho "briefest of paragraphs, as though he were a Cox of yesterday, and could be componsatcd for by a Joncs oraThompBon to-morrow. Yet this should not be ; for, apart from his years, he was an an liquo ¿itt generis, and loaves not his liko behind. Sis appearance was most peculiar ; tall, thin, carefully dressed in the fashion of that remote JJcgenoy day when the Premier was not only a beau, ;nt Cupid, and wearing tho high check-muslin or linen stock, so seldom Been now. He was totally -bald, more so avon than Henry Drummond, for his long narrow head did not exhibit the vestige cf a hair. His Corinthian noso glenmod as blue -of late as that of " Alonzo the Bravo" in Monk Lewis' ghostly ditty; but even up to last session Hie patriarch of ton thousand divisions had a rosy tint on his attenuated check, and moro firo in his ?eye than certain M.P's young enough to be his Seat grand-children. Thero was a timo whoa s sound common senso and position as a country gentleman gave him groat weight in the Commons; ?and, in tho Bentinck Biography, tho author culmi- nates Wa taunts against tho Tamworth trimmer "by saying:-«« If his [Peel's] heart was hardened to BK Charloa Burrell," Sir So and So says ; thoa placing him nt tho head of tho robollioiiB btrorjota and Bqulres, who woro throwing off aile râneo to the great Parliamentary middleman/' -whose whola lifo was ono hugo appropriation clause," who "caught Whigs bathing and ran off \- , «nth their clo:hes.,r But for these, or anything of tie-sort, OT aocmingly any other sort, tho public «»re nothing, and bcojmo Intolerantly impnt.ont if '»»lead to care. Alderman Humphrey's hyper-aldcrmnnioally sagacious notification, from that tbrono of Mida» [ sonn wisdom,' tho Mansion Hönse Justicei bench, that ZadUieV tho Seor, roally hod foreseen and foretold tho death, of tho Consort, to the veryjday, I lias caused thc gobomouoho world to run open mouthed after tbe old prophet's new production, tho " Voice of'tho Stars," "wherein he undertakes not merely to generalize the futuro of a whole year in advance, but to spocify the fourthcoming features of each quarter, so ss to keep the public abreast of occurrences immediately concerning them. Comical is the collapse of Cagliostro 1 Emboldened by tho fortunate fatality aforesaid, ho becomes Dogberryishly oracular aa to others inja manner most intolerable and not tr be endured, and, of nil things on oarth, or rather in water, must dabble in the Trent. Scorp'o, squaring at Mars, and rounding Venus, and driving at Uranus, anil lotting fly at Tourus, and going through other astronomical Sayers and Benocia Boy gymnastics with the whole Zodiacal Fancy, from Saturn's ring to Orion's belt, it follows, according to the unerring rules of astrology, as expounded by its high priest, who vaunts an annual salo of forty three thousand copies of bis almanack, that " Here again aro potent indications of a perfect furor for war seizing on aud maddening tbe minds of the American people. Just at this eclipse they will give their answer to the haughty challenge of England in tho affair of tho Trent. Let us not shut our eyes to tho effect of these martial in- fluences, nor indulge in tho vain . hopo that whilo tho powers of heaven remain unshaken, the people shall learn war no moro. Yes, we may anticipate warlike operations against America this coming spring, and that they will be chiefly of a naval character." No doubt we may "anticipate ;" and a tolerable sample of what our anticipations will come to isTurnished by our guide, philosopher, and friend himself, in what is just cited ; and he caps thc climax of bis stul'ification hy this circumstan- tiality ^namely ¡-"Whon Mars forms an opposi- tion with Uranus, (25th of January,) and when Uranus is stationary in the ruling sign of America [Venus- fancy Venus taking priority in Jonathan's adoration over the almighty dollar !] there will bc deeds of blood performing such as Mars dolightoth to enact both by sea and land." But, in addition to all this, which mainly pertains to America, there aro to be '^strange accidents, turmoil, and violent deeds in London and the Weat of England, and very rash and eccentric .will tuopooplo.be. Homo great and bloody sea-fight will fall out. The revenue will fail, tho funds rule low, and death will afflict tho ruling powers, '['hero is -little bat gloom for old England. Let ber statesmen net with caution and prudence, and wait patiently till her star once again be in the ascondant, for thora is yet a griovous blow to follow." - It may be asked, what is tho uso of telling us all this, if we are not told how to counteract it ? We are told, and on the safely comprehensive principle laid down by Goldsmith's art critic, that tho picture would havo been better had tho painter taken more pains. If we take sufficient care of our health not to got ill, wo are less likely to dio of indisposition than if we voluntarily catch the cholera, yellow fever, hydrophobia, and like trifles, and trifle with thom when caught ; and, what is true of individuals is truo of states : Astrology is tho only antidoto to the illa that flesh is heir to, whether in nations or persons. Had the Consort, Zadkiel contends, understood the in- fluence of the malefic stars, and acted on that knowledge, £tke sage doesn't say how,] all would have been well to day ; and mourning with the monarch and tho multitude be unknown. ; It will porhnpo snrprisa oablunnry ro/lec6oro to perceive, from this mirror of magnanimity, that familiarity willi celestial bodies does not exempt experts in that exalted loro from such low and grovelling ideosas monoy, trade,and shop rivalry ; and that a bosom which should be as high above sordid drosB as that of the real Man in tho real Moon, palpitates as pitifully to the chink of a penny as does tho breast of that moro metaphoric Man in tho less ideal Moon known to Mr. Itnlph Barle, lato member for Borwick, to Mr. Frail, and to that now evor-growling boar of Boodle's, Ursa Major Beresford. Zadkiel, as we have seen, has a copions cornucopia of horrors of his own, and finds a ready sale for them ; but bo can't abide competition in the catastrophe traffic especially when it is profitable to tho other dealer. Hence ho is furious with Dr. Oumming's " Great Tribu- lation Coming Upon Earth." the principal griev ance therein, according to the Seer, being, that it conjured a great deal of money out of tho pockets of HcrMajosty'8 subjects, and into that of tho Kev. Mucklowrath, who seems also to bo Muckletkrifr, and to keep an oye to tho main chanco for Num- ber One, while carelessly dealing in thc doctrine of contingencies affecting everybody oise. Though Zndlciel's intimacy is doubtless equally close with all tho notabilities of the Zodiac, it must to specially confidential with Canoor and Pisois, tojuJgo by the fine Thames- flounder flavour of Billingsgate wheroof tho following fla- grant flourish is redolent, to wit-" Dr. Cum- ming bas beon deluding all that portion of the public who havo exercised tlioir power of purchas- ing soven and sixponny books by infesting that sum in his fallacious, delusive, God-di honouring .work. But hos not thc Great Tribula'ion already come? What i¡ul of heavenly wrath could be moro bittor, moro destructivo, moro effective, in distributing misery upon earth, than that which you, Dr. Cumming, nnd thc greater part of your readers who cnn and do purchase your soven and sixpenny trnsh, assist to uphold ?'* After a page of ouch playfulness, he finishes with this endear- ment :-" Lot mcontreatyou to forbid the further salo of your untruthful book, and to devote the money you have pocketed thereby to tho poor." How willingly would not one sny " Amen to that sweet prayer," if tho advisor would only act on his own counso1, and burn his own books a la Sibyl, only talcing core not to leave a leaf un devoured by thc flames-» a consummation dovoufly tobe wished ! Tho ono thing of which our public never wearies, and seems as if it novor would weary, though most wearisome, is the kill-timo peco whereat tho circumlocutionary circumstances now crawl along, in tho case of Windham. Ho hos in- deed become a veritablo interminable " Philip On His Way Through the World," and in the oye of that world any item suffices to koop him excruci- atingly prominont. Tho want of weight in tho judge, tho ncceptcd fenther- lieadedneas of his judgment, arc painfully' illustrating certain con- ventional truths concerning the consoquenccs of a great intellectual bar overbearing a feeblo and mediocre bonch. Wero.1 Cresswell, or any one of Crosswells calibro, presiding, it is impossible that tho frivolous and irrelevant evidence of the last few days would have boen received ; proving and disproving nothing that had not boon proved and disproved a dozen times over Wore. But Warren ia nobody in tho opinion ? of Cairns, Coleridge, : and Chambors, though aomobody, everybody, in his own. Truo, « more Master in Lui)nov, is not ex- pected to bo ibo equal of ono of tho ermined J'welvo in any way ; but Sauiuol is set dj wn ns the veriest baby of a Master, his self- supposed mastery of any matter under th« sun being pro* fessionally pronounced a piece of mooning compare with which the ûightino SB of-the Tellbrig wilt gooso scatterer of wild oatB himsolf is voted j th centro of ponderous gravity. There isn't a mor contradictory compound in all creation than tl said Warren ; and it is this which invests him wit that spurious aemi- Spnrgeoniaed quasi-gorillafiot demi-Blondonised notoriety that delights Iiii just as it did Glasgow M'Gregor, a mon of rai attainments, superhuman industry, aud sin gulf perception of other's charactor, yet a' neutralized hy a devouring vanity that renderc him insensible to bis own . Whore is there' show moro cogent cognizanoe of every clement of th ridiculous, on tho score of self-conceit and uncoi sciousness of its existence than in Warren's de lineation of a fictitious Tittlebat Titmouse ? Yel lo ! Tittlebat is out- Titmoused in real lifo by th delineator himself, who surpasses the great origine ho drew, and practically burlesques his own idea caricature. Such, at least, is the figure Warro cuts in the opinion of his forensic friends, wh remorselessly saddle upon him every eccen tricity of egotism that bas " come down in th books," or can be fabled to go up in gossip. Thu one standing joke is the mot of Sorjoant Mui phy, that ho, the Sergeant, had greater persona knowledge of and aptness for the subject he wa put upon the bench to administer-[judge in th Insolvent Court,]-than any other judicial cha racter till Warren was made Master in Lunacy Hard indeed, if not unjust, has been the fate tba has condemned Warren to be laughed at by th long-robed hyenas all his life ; and even tho fae of bis being a bencher of the Inner Temple, am going every Sunday to Church there, where h sepulchral responses aro enough to affright th« ghost of Fiont do Bouf, do not scare tho yonnges student from breaking. into a gwafl when 'i'ei Thousand a Year turns into the garden, afte eervice, in a sort of arcbieopiscopal black hat, anc antiprtlatical white pantaloons, unless it be rain ing cats and dogs, when he wears a kind of mouse coloured continuations inexpressibly rat-catcherisl in chart cter. It would bo cruel to recount tbi hoaxes whereof ho has been the victim ;but, tor tin credit of his good humour, if not of his good sense he bao born tho nonsense of his learned bro tb r er willi that spiritual unctuousness of humility wbiot he is so fond of preaching Now and Then, and which prescribes the presentation of thc left chook to be smote when the right has been smitten. He is never in a pretty passion and is therefore a pet. H ia wile is not guile, and ho , knows not malice Hence, though he is a butt, he is not a target ; and unbarbed are the shafts the arch toxopholites of tho courts launch at him. Hill,' it could bc wished that a far more influential functionary ruled the roast in so fiery an ordeal as that which is melting away tho substance of the unfortunate creaturo now being grilled, day after day, week aftor week, with a prospect of month after month ¡ -nay, why not year after year, as long as there is a farthing at Fellbrig'to foe the cormorants, 01 to afford an assurance to their feeders that ¡ they will be rc-feeded ? While the trial was going on in the Exchequer -it is now proceeding in the Westminster Ses- sions House, where there is no moro roora «nd even less convenience-Samuel occupied tho seat of old Chiof Baron Pollock ; who sleeps through half tho evidence and all the counsel's speeches in every case, and yet thoroughly understands everything of importance, and always deo es wisoly, though briefly. Warren is the Baron's antithesis in every way, and no wcasle could ex- hibit less dormoueiness in whatever conduces to the manifestation of his own coHBequonce. There bc sits, with his coif,-tho sergeant's wig with a little Capuchinical cirole of baldness, or absence of horsehair, on tho crown ; and in the common Black Master's gown. In tho Exchequer he was rather squoezod hy tho jury, who, nuraboring 23, could not all fit in tho ordinary sized box meant to hold 12, sorcral were therefore distributed n seats near him ; and on theso from time to time, his eye, " in fine frenzy rolling,'.' cast a glance of mingled contempt and condescension, though what they did to deserve bis disdain, or to merit a more mitigated fooling, it would require the sub- limation of the ".Lily and the Bee," to conjecture. Porhaps bo will expound theso and othor myste- ries in tho summing up, which is expected to be a truly p.urprising exhibition ;' and it must neces- sarily be such on the score either of prolixity or scoinctness, saying nothing of any other character- istics. Ho must either throw tho whole caso in a lump, at the jury, saying " There, gontlomon, per- haps you'll mako a head or tail of it, for I can't," which would bo perhaps a judicious, and decidedly an original way of dealing with it. Or, as there will bo thc evidence of ICO witnesses to comment upon, and a heap of " reflections" to bc offered on the probable, possible, and impossible bearings of each, and that he perhaps won't begin this till noxt Monday week, and that then the jury will requiro at least a week's sloop to provont themselves going mad from all the insanity and inanity they have boen listoning to, and a week after that to moko up their minds whother Wiud ham is in or out of his mind, wo may find our I selves in tho month when even tho bares go mad ere tho decision is come to. If Windham iamain sano after that, ho should have a statue as high as tho sovereigns paid in foes would rcaoh if laid one upon tho other ; and that would bc about tho al- titude of the mainmast of tho Trent, concerning which craft we wore nonrly all out of our sonsos last week, but havo got into them now, though we don't sotm muoh improved by tho rocovery. In fact there's such universal talk now about crazi- ness, that tho odds aro, everybody suspocts od- dity oven in himself, saying nothing of other peo plo, for if a partiality for a plurality of poached oggs be proof of singularity, who will say what may not be hatching, or what mare's noat may not suddenly ho disclosed for his undoing, especially if he can pay for his own ruination ? Everything unusual is now bold to bo ovidencc of flightiness ; and thcreforo paying a tailor's bill becomes in \ vostod wi h imputed perils to ono's hoad, leaving out tho pocket. In pol.tics, too, passing strange is it pronounced that the Premior should have summoned a Cabinot Council forTucsday next, and thon nut it off tn the Ides of March, or some other equally ideal poriod ; while, meantime, once more on his legs again, he botakca himself to Broad- lands, without having been ablo to go to the Queen, who prosontly roturns to Windsor, not- withstanding its alleged insalubrity, and tho fatal result such unhonltbiness so lately produced. But that the fatality aroso from this cause is now , loudly questioned, and tho lancet to-day is again particularly pointed in its remarks that " the au thontio and coherent account of tbo illness of tho Prince Consort, for which tho profession .md the public have manifested BO anxious a desire," is " officially" withhold ; and adds, " The impres- sion produced by tho silence, in the prcsonco of tho public questioning on this subject, cannot fail to bo painful» It leaves opon to various conjec- tures a matter on which there should rent no shadow of donbl." Nota doubt of bu. tho wonder is, how any doubt shou'd liovo cvornrisen, nnd the donble wonder what can be the mean ing of ol owing it to romain a moment after it d d arise. 