BEGGARS AND THEIR PATRONS. How long would it be before one of our bold peasantry—“ their country’s pride,”—with a wife and family to support, and keep off the parish, earning twelve shillings per week in the summer and ten in the winter, could save seventeen pounds ? Could he, with all the thrift of a quar- ter of a century, scrape together such a sum, even supposing that Post Office Banks hjad been in ex- istence during that period to receive his painful economies, and aid him in laying up a store for that wintry night of old age, when no man can work ? We do not say the thing is impossible, because when a man is penurious by nature and habit, he may save out of fourpence a day ; but were there one such sell-denying peasant in broad England, he would be considered such a lusus nature, that every agricultural society in the kingdom would make a hero and a spectacle of him, and overwhelm him with certificates of virtue and good conduct, if not with sundry pairs of new breeches, and perhaps a Bible. But what an honest laborer cannot do, a filthy mendicant and his wife, playing a lugubrious accordion through the streets oi London, can accomplish, as we learn from an investigation that took place before the Lord Mayor at the Mansion House on Saturday last. A man named Revari and his wife, both Ita- lian, very dirty and offensive, notorious beggars, the man clamorous and importunate, the woman a still more hideous nuisance, because it was her function in the copartnery to squeeze an execrable accordion in the ears of passers-by, in order to torture them out of the alms which mere benevo- lence would not have conceded, were taken into custody by the police, and searched, preparatory to their being confronted with the chief magis- trate. They were found to be in possession of seventeen pounds in sovereigns and half-sover- eigns, besides other moneys in silver and copper, secreted about their persons, doubtless the pro- ceeds of the day’s exertions, which they had not had time to convert into the more precious and more portable metal, in consequence of the praise- worthy activity of the police, so ill seconded by the magistrate. The Lord Mayor being in a mer- ciful mood (consequent, perhaps, on his trium- phant re-election to the mayoralty), did not send these unpleasant impostors to the House of Cor- rection, as he ought to have done, detaining their ill-gotten sovereigns to pay for their subsis- tence during their imprisonment. Taking into account that they were foreigners, and pos- sibly ignorant of the law, he ordered them to be discharged, and gave them back their money, to the evident surprise of the police and the spectators, and the no less evident surprise and delight of the offending couple. Had a poor girl been brought before his lordship for selling combs or oranges in the public thorough- fare (an employment quite as honest, if not as im- portant, as many others carried on within the city boundaries), it is possible that the decision would not have been quite so lenient ; and that being neither foreigner or impostor, she might have been sentenced to a fine beyond her means to pay, and confined to prison in default. But however this may be, it is hoped, if those thrifty capitalists, Signor Revari, and his wife, had the smallest spark of gratitude in their hearts, that they changed one of their seventeen sovereigns on Saturday night, and drank the health of the Lord Mayor in a bumper of the liquor most congenial to their tastes, amid an applauding company of the craft, singing like their prototypes, the “ Jolly Beggars,” in Burns’ well known poem, but with a slight variation :— See the smoking bowl before us, Mark our jovial ragged ring, Round and round take up the chorus, And in raptures let us sing— Here’s to budgets, bags, and wallets, Down with labor, grief, and care, Here’s our ragged brats, and callets, Here's to Cubitt, twice Lord Mayor ! We must not, however, be too hard upon the beggars. While the public, or a large majority of quiet people, who love their own ease better than the performance of disagreeable duty, are content to buy off the nuisance of street mendi- cancy, it is in no degree strange that beggary should be a profitable trade, and that a howling impostor, affronting the public eye with his mas- querade of misery, should be in a more fortunate position, as regards worldly wealth, than the hard-working poor fellow who earns his honest bread by the sweat of his brow. The people who thoughtlessly give their money to the mendicancy that blocks the way are the really guilty parties ; and if it were possible to frame a law by which the bestowal of street alms should be declared legally to be as great an offence as it is morally, a stop might be put to the evil at its root. It is not benevolence that dictates such alms-giving as that in which Signor Revari has grown so well to do, but idleness and selfish- ness. For one truly benevolent and kind-hearted person, who will not waste his charity upon the knaves and impostors that waylay him in the streets, but who seeks out the widow and the orphan in their squalid haunts, where there are none to aid but those almost as poor as them- selves ; that hunts up the unfortunate victims of disease, accident, unmerited suffering, or helpless old age, there are ten thousand false pretenders, to the angelic virtue of charity, who would not stir a step out of their way to investigate a case of dis- tress, but who pour out their demoralising alms into the hat or hand of any beggar who is impor- tunate enough in speech or disgusting enough in person to make them feel uncomfortable. The sight of a beggar comes between the wind and their love of their own ease, and they pay to be relieved of a nuisance, just as the friends of a sick person pay those disturbers of the public peace—the German bands—to re- move their hideous noises from contiguity to the bed of suffering. Street beggars are one form of social evil out of many that afflict the dwellers in this metropolis ; but those who encourage them are social evils of a still greater magnitude ; and all the worse because law cannot reach them. If magistrates and policemen did their duty, and made the decision of the Lord Mayor an example not to imitate but to avoid, the plague of professional mendicancy might be abated ; but it will never be wholly removed, as long as there are people among us who have more money than sense, who do not know the wide dif- ference between alms-giving and charity, and who would rather bribe a noisy impostor to get out of the way, than succor the real misery that dies and makes no complaint.—London Review. AN ADVENTURE WITH A TIGER.—Sir,—The following account of an adventure with a tiger just received from my son Douglas Hebden, an Ensign in the 72nd, may, perhaps, be worth in- sertion in the Field. I may add that he is only nineteen years of age.—Robert James Hebden. “ I had just arrived at Khandalla, and I met there an old school-fellow, who was going out to shoot pigs, and he asked me to come with him. He lent me a single-barrelled rifle, and we went out about a mile and a half from camp, to a place which was notorious for pigs—it was a deep ra- vine, with a very high mountain on one side, and a low one on the other, and filled up with dense jungle. My companion placed himself about the middle of the ravine, and I took up my position near to the end, where the ravine narrowed. We had below about forty beaters or coolies, who be- gan at the open end and beat up towards me. They had passed Heyland without anything being seen, but as they neared the spot where I was stationed, I heard a rush- ing and breaking amongst the bushes, and naturally expected to see some pigs come out, so I cocked my rifle and brought it up to my shoulder all ready, when, to my utter amazement, out bounded a tiger ; I then did what I have since been told was a very foolish thing—I fired at him.1 with a single-barrelled rifle. Luckily the shot struck him through both his fore legs ; had I hit him anywhere else he would have charged, and I would have had no chance of escape ; as it was, however, he rushed on as well as he could into the small part of the jungle beyond me, and we got him to show himself by making the beaters roll down large stones at him ; but he always dis- appeared again before we had time to fire. At last I watched the exact spot where he went after one of these short appearances, and, making a lucky shot, sent a ball right through his stomach. Upon this, he got up, and with a frightful roar, that made my flesh creep, he rushed back to his old haunt, receiving two or three balls in his body as he bounded through the open space between the two jungles. It appeared, however, that he was in no hurry to give up the ghost, for he got back all right to his original lair. We now found, upon calling for more ammunition, that the natives who were car- rying it had, through excess of fear, thrown away every bullet we had. We had now no alternative but to ride home for fresh supplies, which we did, after giving the culprits a well- deserved thrash- ing : and we took advantage of the opportunity of making a late breakfast ; having done which, we again started for the scene of action—this time each carrying two rifles and a large hunting-knife. Screwing up our pluck, we entered the thick of the jungle on foot, and tracked him by his blood. At last a native pointed him out to Heyland, who fired at, and wounded him ; the tiger came after us with a terrific roar ; and considering discretion, the better part of valour, we hastily mounted a tree ; this operation was repeated three times, and- at last we found him lying on his side apparently dead. We went up within five yards of him to have a look at him, Heyland firing both barrels at him about fifteen yards off previously, to make cer- tain of him ; but I suppose in his excitement, he missed him, as the tiger never moved. When we were about five yards from him, I proposed to give him a shot and make doubly sure ; but Heyland said, “ No, no! you will spoil the skin,” and laid hold of my rifle, which I, like a fool, let go, thinking the brute must be dead ; but as we were taking another step forward, he rose with an awful roar, and sprang after me. Heyland ran down-hill, and got off all right ; but I ran up-hill as hard as I could, and the tiger after me. I had just got up to some coolies who had followed us in our advance, and were now running away as fast as they could, and I heard the beast breathing at my back. What an awful moment that was ! I never expected to get but of the scrape alive, so drew my knife and turned round in desperation to make a useless effort to save myself, when the tiger, changing his mind, leaped upon the back of a native who was running alongide of me, and mauled him most frightfully ; but it was his dying effort, and the coolie got off with a mauling that would have killed any European, but did not kill him. The tiger was a fine female, 9 feet long. I can assure you that I shall in future be a little more cautious about going up to one again before I am quite certain of his being dead.”—The Field, 12th October. CANINE SAGACITY.—A singular instance of this (says the London review) has recently occurred at Toulouse, where a dog, chased by some gamins who had tied a kettle to its tail, sought refuge in a police station, which, having gained, he entered without hesitation, and immediately assumed an attitude of complete security. The commissaire of police, upon seeking its owner, found that it belonged to a woman who some days before, being persecuted by these boys, had been to the same police station to lodge a complaint against them. On this errand she was accompanied by her dog, who, evidently noticing the protection afforded to its mistress, had come to seek it for itself. OUR NATIVE FLORA.—It is frequently asserted by those who have endeavored to cultivate our native flora, that they will not grow when re- moved to the garden. This is a mistake, for in this district as well as elsewhere they have been suc- cessfully transplanted as well as raised from the seed. Mr Charles Williams, of Campbell’s Flat, among others, has one or two species of the Vic- torian wild geranium in flower, besides the snake- plant and a creeper or two that have ceased to bloom for the season. He has also a magnificent shrub from the Jim Crow ranges propagated from the seed, which is covered with rich puce colored velvety flowers as large as a half-crown. This is the attention of our amateurs. Much of the vegetation on the ranges and in the bush is ex- tremely beautiful, and is neglected only because it is so abundant. No doubt with proper care these plants and shrubs would become much more attractive, and the experiment of subjecting them to scientific cultivation would be interesting. By crossing them with our naturalised flora, curious and perhaps valuable additions might be made to the parterre. If the Horticultural Society at its periodical exhibitions would offer a premium for the best collection of native plants, &c.;, they would soon receive consideration from our growers, and attain a degree of excellence of which most persons think them incapable. The specimen from Jim Crow above alluded to would compare favorably with the majority of flowers seen in our public floricultural displays.—M. A. Mail, 3rd January. 