FRENCH FINANCE. (From thi Corresponden/ of the Economist.) Paris, Thursday, October 9. A report from M. Fould, Minister of Finance, to the Emperor on the financial situation of the country appears in to-day's Moniteur, and, of course, ? excitesmuch interest in high financial and commercial circles. The Minister begins by speaking of the Budget of 1863. He Bays that, owing to the additions made to certain taxes, and to modifications in others, the Budget of that year will resent an excess of re- ceipts of 8,300,041 f. (£334,400) ; hut he admits that this sum is not sufficient to guarantee the equilibrium and provide for unforeseen necessities. He, however, calculates that the yield of indirect taxes will be considerably greater than the l,104,370,000f. for which they are Bet down in the Budget, espe- cially as the inconvenience caused by the bid har vest of 1861 will have terminated ; and should the war in America cease, and so put an end to the suffer- ing occasioned by the want ot cotton and the loss of trade, he even calculates on being able to provide for the expenses of the expedition to Mexico. With re gard to the Budget of the present year, it was, he says, voted with a surplus of 4,300,997f, but supple- mentary credits were afterwards accorded to the amount of 200,UG,382f, BO that a sum of 195,815,385f (£7,832,616) had to be provided. The Minister gives a detail rf the itemB composing this total. Among them are 50,612,190f to the Ministry of War, 75,690,8 lGt to ihe Ministry of Marine, and 4,165,000f for .. obliga- tory expenses," but what those expenses are' he does not state. He then gives the following detail of the manner by which he expects to be able to provide fur the payment of this large sum of 195,815,385f : - francs. Augmentation in direct taxes .., ... ... 4,713,000 Ditto in revenue from forests ... ... ... 3,301,050 Ditto in direct taxes . ... ... 20,000,000 Addition to registration anil stamp duties for six months . . 19,350,000 Addition to siifpr duties for til months ... ... 18,420,000 Kcsci-.c of the sinking fund ... . 1,063,000 Indemnity from China . . 10,000,000 Pajment by Spain . 25,000,000 Ealanrc of ihe loan of 1855 for -works for preventing inundations. 2,000,000 Balance of mo loan of 1859, and of consolidations of the dotation of the army ... ... ... 42,130,000 14G,lbO,000 Deduct anticipated declina in the revenues of Algeiia -l.S'Jl.OCO Hl,23.',0i0 But this sum is less by ö 1,523,3S5r". than the li)5,S15,385f. required. As, however, says tho Minis- ter, " the new mode of paying the dividends of the Three per Cent, stock will leave disposable in the chapter of the debt a sum of 35,000,000f," and as about an equal sum will be saved by annulments of credits accorded, he will have, he says, " 70,000,OOOf. to place opposite the 54,000,OOOf. which are wmiing, ard to provide for the miscalculations which may arise in the latter months of the year." The manner in which the first 35,000,000f. will bo gained is. perhaps, a little singular. The dividends of the Three per Cent, stock ha\ing been made payable quarterly instead of half- yearly, the Government, in piafe of j nyinf?'70,000,OOOf. in December as it traed 'to ido^lfiys, one-half on the 1st of October, »nft the other half on the 1st ot January. It is thus able to throw over to next year what is really due for this, and what, but for the change refsned to, would have been paid in this. If the eú vidends had been made payable the 3lat of December instead of the 1st of January, M. Fould would h ive been minus 35,000,000f.,-a difference of four-auel t* cnty hours saves him. But miy we not re,;-.rd this as a mere juggling with figures rather than a bona fide provision for a deficit? The Minister next mentions various matters. The first is that découverts (all that is due) which at the end of 1860 were 848,000,000f, rose on the 1st January, 1862, to l,024,503,000f., but have since been reduced to 867,000,000f., by the employment of 167,000,600f. received by the Government in the con- version of the Pour-and-a-Half per Cent, stock into Threes, for the difference in value between the old stock and that given in exchange. (Ihe 157,000,000f. are round figures, as in a subsequent part of the report the amount received is Btatecl at 157,031,289!' ). Ot the 867,000,000f., a sum of 865,839,048f. is repre- sented by what is called floating debt- in other words, by Treasury bills and other securities given by the Government. The Minister states that the Bank of France on the 1st July last placed at the disposition of the Government 35,000,000f., which, after deduct- ing 25,000,000f., due by the Government to the Bank, made up the 60,000,000f. which the latter was bound to advance without interest for the renewal of its privilege. With respect to the conversion, the Minister says that of 174,151,366f. rente to be con verted (interest is meant, not capital), 134,914 48lf. were actually converted, and that for that measure 160,431,2891. were to be, or are to be, paid to the Government. But the expenses of the operation for " printing, supplementary clerks, commission, dis- count, and other expenses," was about 2,800,000f, to that there remains for the Treasury 157,631,289f. The sum of 2,800,000f. is such h large one that an account of the items comprising it would have been desirable ; the public in particular would like to know the amount of the commission, and to whom it went : but on these points M. Pould is silent. The portion of the rente unconverted is only 39,236,885f., and about half of it cannot be touched on account of legal obstacles. " The rest," Bays M. Pould, " forms so small a part of the public debt, and is so easy to assimilât«», that it cannot present any impediment to the elevation of the Three a, the price of which is now the undispu'ed regulator of our credit. The principal object of the operation," he adds, "is therefore a'tained, and the remodelling of the debt, which amounted to more than 3,500,000,000f. in capital, has been made without any shock and without any serious difficulty, although it had to encounter certain political embarrassments. The re-classification of the rentes which passed from the. hands of the old proprietors to those of the specu- lators seems complete. The influence of the conversion," he continues, "has been consider- able. It has been felt iu all securities without in- juring the Three per Cent, stock, the average price of which, without injuring the Three per Cent rente, WPS in the firat months of the year above the average price of the same period in the preceding year. .Other securities, such as shares of the Bank"and of financial and railway companies, have risen In a much larger proportion, and have consequently added a very large sum to the national wealth. The measure has also facilitated the execution of great public works and the completion of the network of rail- ways, by permitting companies to place more easily and at a higher rate the debentures which they are authoriied to issue." The Minister next refers to the thirtyyears railway bonds. He Bays that out of 675,160-issued, 604,618 have been ex- changed for Three per Cent, stock, and " as the rente given in exchange," he adds, " is not provide- with a spociaj. sinking fund, it has been possible tb reduce the expenses of the public debt for 1863 by a sum of 4,245,000f., which has facilitated the abandonment of certain taxes which were proposed." In conclusion, the Minister says that the financial situation may be thus summed up :-Reduction of deficits previous to 1862 by 157,000,000f. ; no deficit for 1362 ; and a reserve which may be estimated at 80,000,000f. for 1863. Such is the substance of the new report of the Minister of Finance. The document is interesting certainly, as all exposes of the financial situation in this country are. But it adds little to what was stated in the discussions of the Budget in the Corps Législatif and the Senate. It has doubt- less been published to give an impetus to commerce, or rather to the Bourse, for to the vulgar public a report on the financial condition is equivalent to an improve- ment thereof. Perhaps, also, if what is whisDered be true, it is destined to prepare the way for a financial operation with apowerlul company in this city, which operation will have the effect of placing a large sum in the coffers of the Government, and the forests of the State in the hands of the company. In quitting the subject, I will just remark that it is greatly to be regretted that M. Pould has not given any explanation whatever as to how or where he will get the 80,000,080f. which he sayB will he in reserve for next year. The recent large advance on the Bourse in all secu- rities and especially in Credit Mobilier shares-in the latter more than 200f. in a fortnight-has given rise to the fear that we'are about to witness one of those furious engouement which at times seize the speculating fraternity in these parts, and which cause them to Bend up the nominal value of securities to figures perfectly ridiculous. The Credit Mobilier, aided by its Spanish namesake and associate, has given encouragement to the rise, and has consequently been accused of trying, for purposes of its own, to create a new outburst of the passion for gambling. Many eminent capitalists,' however, steadily set their faces against any thing of the kind, and it is to he1 hoped that they will be able to prevent a return to it. , No- thing could be more unfortunate than a revival of the speculating ___iatof 1852 and.subsequeat years. It would tura capital from manufactures and commerce, and would be sure, sooner 'or "later, 'to produce a teinble crisis, which would probably render legitimate enterprise powerless f«'» long tim«. .j '. ABTIFICIAI, FsrjiT AND PÍOWERS : DEATH PHOM ¡ ÀBB_NICA_ POISONING.-On Thursday evening Mr. John Humphreys, the coroner for East Middlesex, resumed at the Sash and Cocoa Tree Tavern, Wilson street, Paul-Btreet, Shoreditch, the inquiry respecting the death of Elizabeth Anne Abdalla, a girl aged fourteen years, who was auppoeed to have died from the effects of Bucking artificial fbwers. _ From the evidence given on the previous occasion it appeared that the deceased was on Sunday, the 20th Septem- ber, taken suddenly ill, with pains and cramps ia the stomach, and died the next morning. Mrs. Abdalla, the mother of ths deceased, stated that her daughter and another girl had been out walking together, and that the other girl had given deceased some artificial flo\i era which she had been made a present of by her mittrees, who was a milliner. The deceased, her playmate said, sucked only one green artificial grape. After death, Mr. Chandler, M.R.C.S., made a post mortem examination, and found that the coatings of the Btomach were ulcerated, and that there were traces of an irritant poison. The inquiry had been adjourned for the purpose of getting Dr. Letheby to make an analysis of the contents of the stomach, and also the artificial flowers, for the purpose of ascertaining whether they contained arsenic. Dr. Letheby said that he had made an analysis of the contents of the stomach, and found that the liver contained arsenic to the amount of three grains. The tissues of the Btcrnach contained no poiBon, but the stomach itself wos of a dark red colour, as if from irritation. The bile and liver had absorbed tho poison into the sys- tem. The colouring matter of the artificial leaves and grapes was analysed. The blue and pink kinds con- tained no poison, but the green onea were covered with arsenical green, arBenite of copper. Ten grapes con- tained three grainB of poison. He produced a speci- men of the metallic arsenic obtained from a single grape. The artificial leaves are also staiwed with arsenical green. Each leaf contains about a grain and a half ot poison. The quantity of poison con Uined in a leaf is, perhaps, sufficient to kill a child. He had hoard from Mr. Chandler a state- ment of the case, and he (Dr. Letheby) attribu'ed deceased's death to poison. In November, 1801, Dr. Letheby heard of a similar instance, that of two chil- dren who kept tbeif toys in a cupboard lined with green paper. Both weretaken very ill, and one died. Upon making an analysis of the paper be found six inches of it to contain 23 gtains of arsenic, a quantity Euffieient to kill two persons. There are a number oí dilierent kinds of green sold, they contain from 58 to 71 per cent, of arsenic. In many cases the green olour is mixed 'with chalk aud plaster of Paris to lo war the depth of the colour. Arsenical green ii used for paper toys, artificial flowers, and even ladies' dresses. A wreath of 50 green leaves contains enough to kill ten men, and a green tarletan dress of 20 yards con- tained 900 grains of arsenic. ILi hld heatd of several eases of this description, and thought that the public ought to tike some precautions against them. The jury, niter some deliberation, returned the lollowing verdict :-' That the death ot the deceased, Elizabeth Anne Abdalla, was caused through inadvertently tucking artificial grapes which contained ar3eniic of copper." The jury expressed a hope that some mea- sure would be taken to prevent the use of arsenic na a colour.-London Morning Herald, October l8. AN INTERESTING ENTRY IN THE RUOISTEH Ol' ALLIIALLOWS, BANKING, Towen STIIELT.-" 1641 Oct. 23. William, ton of William Penn and .Mar. garet, his wife, of the Tower Liberty." This is no other than the celebrated founder of Penna) Ivania Penn, the father, was bom at Bristol in 1021, and at the time of his son's birth was a lieutenant in tho Navy, residing on Tower-hill, a favourite residence with navy men at this time. Ila pissed through the various grades, till he became Admiral and Com mnnder-in-Chief of the Navy, under the Duku of York, in 1661; and in 1605 he was knighted for Distinguished service. William was his eldest son, bom on Tower-hill, October 14, 1644\. The exact locality is indicated in a letter from P. Gibson to William Penn, the Qu-iker, quoted in Cunningham's " Handbook of London " : -" Your late father dwelt upon Great To wer-hill, un the east side, within a court adjoining to Lindon wall." Young Penn was sent to Oxford in 16G0, bat soon disgusted the authorities by his Nonconformity. He had previously become imbued with Quaker sen- timents, and now openly professed them, upon which his father turned him out of doors. His subsequent history is well-known. King Charles II., in em tideration of his father's services, gave him a grant of the province of New Netherlands, in America, subse- quently called Pennsylvania, where he established a ilouriohing colony. He returned to England in his old age, and died at Beaconsfield in 1718. His works are very numerous, but the style is cramped. The best biography of Penn is that by Clarkson, in 2 vois. 8\b., and his best "Apology," HepworthDixon'a re- cently published.- City Press. A NEW VERSION or AN OLD STORY.-Brummell warmly espoused the causa of Mrs. Pitz'ierbert, _nd this rf course offended the Prince of Wales. I refer to the period when his Royal Highness had abandoned that beautiful woman for another favourite ; then a coldness sprang up between the Prince and his protege ; and, finally the mirror of fashion was ex- cluded from the royal presence. A curious accident brought Brummell again to the dinner-table of his royal patron ; he was aaked one night at White's to take a hand at whist, when he won from George Harley Drummond £20,000. Thia circumstance having been related by the Duke of York to the Prince of Wales, the beau was again invited to Carlton-houBe. At the commencement of the dinner, mitters went off smoothly; but Brummell, in his joy at finding himself with his old friend, became excited, and drank too much wine. His Royal High- ness-who wanted to pay off Brummell for au insult he had received at Lady Cholmondeley's ball, when the beau, turning towards the Prince, said to Lidy Worcester, " who is your fat friend ?"-had invited him to dinner, merely out of a desire for revenge. The Prince therefore pretended to be affronted with Brummell's hilarity, and said to his brother, the Duke of York, who waB present, "I think we had better order Mr. Brummell's carriagh before he gets drunk." Whereupon he rang the bell, and Brummell left the royal presence. This circumstance originated the Btory about the beau having told the Priáce to ring the bell. I received theBe details from the late General Sir Arthur Upton, who was present at the dinner.-Reminiscences of Captain Gronoio. TA_B CAKB or Youa Poon PEET.-" Of all parts of the body," says Dr. Robertson, " there is no,t ons which ought to he so carefully attended to ala the feet." Every person knows from experience! that colds, and many other diseases which proceed,from colds, are attributable to cold feet. The feet are at such a distance from " the wheel at the cistern'" of of the system, that the circulation of the blood may be very easily checked there. Yet for all this', and although every person of common sense should be aware of the truth of what we have stated, there is BO part of the human body BO much trifled with as the feet. The young and would-be-genteel footed, cramp their toes and feet into thin solea, bone-pinch- ing boots and shoes, m order to display neat feet, in the fashionable sense of the term. There is one great evil, again6t which every person should be on their guard, and it is one which ii not often guarded against-we mean the changing of warm for cold shots or boots. A change is often made from thick to thin soled shoes, without reflecting upon the conse- quences which might ensue. In cold weather boots and shoes of good thick leather, both in soles and uppers, should be worn by all. Water-tights are not good if they are air-tights also j indiarubber over- shoes should never be worn except-in wet splashy weather, and then not very long at once. It is hurt- ful to the feet to wear any covering that is air-tight over them, and for this reason indiarubber should be worn as seldom as possible. No part of the body should he allowed to have a covering that entirely obstructs the passage of the carbonic acid gas from the pores of the Bkin outward, and the moderate pas s« ge of air inward to the skin. Life can be destroyed ia a very short time by entirely closing up the pores of the skin. Good warm stockings and thick-soled boots and shoes are conservators of health, and consequently of human happiness. HIGHLAND GUACE BEFORE MEAT.-Said the land- lady, ''I'm just perspiiin' a' over wi' shame and diBgrace that the co»s has na' calved for ye to get crame to yer parritch ! " In spite of the cows having been so disobliging, there was abundance of Highland cheer, towering dishes of scones, oatcakes, an enormouB cheese, fish, eggs, andu monstrouB gray beard of whisky, ready, if required ; fumes of tobacco were floating in the air, and the whole seemed an em- bodiment of the Highlander's grace, " Oh, gie' us rivers of whisky, chau'ders o' snuff, and tons o' to- bacco, a pread an' a cheese as pig as the great hill o' Ben Nevis, and may our childer's childer be lords and lairds to the latest sheneration." On repeating this grace to an old hillsman .of eighty, leaning on his stick, he thoughtfully answered-" Weel, it's »'good grace-a very goot grace-hut it's a warldly thing ! " -Blackwood's Magazine. ; AN OBSIUVINO BOT.-" Papa, didn't you whip me once for biting Tommy ?" Yes, my child ; you; hurt him much." ".Well, then, papa, you ought to ¡whip sister's music-master too, for he hit sister yesterday i right 'on the mouth : and I know it hurt her, because ' the put hex um» wound hi« neck, and tried to choke I Mm. . ' i Toit Moons, BY A COUNTRYMAN.-Mr. T. Grattan, in a new work, just out, sketches Moore, when the latter WBB living in Paris, in the Allé des Veuves : " There was something very peculiar in Moore's ' out- ward man.' His whole tone and air, in look, Bpeech, and accent, was of the best kind of Irish good breed- ing. There was a social warmth in all, mingled with a dash of ambitious vanity, as if he was anxious to piesse and conBcious of pleasing. But this was with- out anything forced-no effort and no presumption. Yet there was a certain self-satisfied mixture with his cerdiality, hard to describe, and which it was impos- sible to be angry viith. Knowing the man's merit, one made allowance fcr his consciousness of what every one knew. Moore and I soon became good friends in the common acceptation of the term j but I had at that time done nothing to make me an object of intercbt sufficient to gain a passport to his friendship. Had I been a lord, or a lord's cousin, or a successful author, there is little doubt but I might have then figured on his list; but his weak point was certainly an assumed fastidiousneis of taste in the selection of his friends-if indeed it is not a blasphemy to imagine true friendship to be de- pendent on the mere rank or talent of its object, I discovered early, and was greatly surprised at, Moore's sensitiveness OH two points ; namely, his owa littleness of stature, and his opinions of persons in high society. I remember his telling me one day, n_ we went out in a carriage to Versailles to a dinner party, that while he was at the University, and about seventeen or eighteen years of age, he was greatly tempted to hang himself in actual despair. On pros sing him for the cause of such extravagant regret for a personal defect, which a strong mind should rise above, he said it was the fear of his small stature being a bar to his chance of success with the fair sex." A SWEDISH GHOST SIORY.-We could not quit Malmo without visiting Torup, said everybody ; so last evening Countess Troil kindly called for us, and wo started along the highway as fast as four horses could carry UB. An hour's drive brought U3 to a secluded punchbowl, where an aged baron, of years rpjite fabulous and spirit j oung, has his nest, the an- cient castle of Torup, a gabletl mansion with towera both lound and octagonal, surrounded by a narrow moat. Torup was built in the fifteenth century by the lady Gjorwell, a spinster of refinement. The old building stood on the hill side, close by the farmyard ; till sadly tormented by lowing cattle and squeaking pigs, she removed from their neighbourhood. Tnis cabtle is noted in history as the first " evec built with money," for the lady Gjorwell paid the workmen shining silver, in addition to fojd, the soles payment given in those days by the lords of the soil. A just and righteous lady, she amassed much gold, and took care to hide it, "as folks were then wont to do. In her last sickness death came so quickly she could only gasp the word " cellar," and uo one hoar yet known her hiding place. The lady Gjorwell mournB her secret hoard turned to no good account, and oft on a winter's night is met in the dark stone passages. She beckons with imploring gestures, " Come, come, and I will show the place;" but no one dares to follow her, for Swedish serving men and maids love not ghosts. As for the aged baron, he has more gold than he knows what to do with, and no one to inherit it hereafter.- One Yeir in Sweden ; by Hoi ace Murry at. Doixo TUB GRAND -There seems at thi3 moment to be one guiding principle amongst us, and thai is to be " doing' the grand ; " to appedr richer, greater, or more influential than we are. It is about the most sneaking, vulgar trait that ever existed ; it is such mean contemptible lying. How is it possible that men who love the pleasures of modem society carr, ever rice to be noble, honeBt, simple characters 5 The love of showing off is universal ; the fear of offend- ing society is the law of life. As to a man boing guided by his own firm conviction of what ia natural' and right, there eve only a few who have sufficient within themselves so to do. But the majority c innot do without the world; they are not men, but weak; nondescripts. ALL MOONSHINE.-" Josh," said his mate, " does? the sun ever rise in the West ? " " Never," said Josh. " Well, you won't catch me emigrating to the West if it's always night there. I've a cousin, a car- penter, out there, who is always boasting how pleasant it is in that quarter, but it must be all moonshine ! " THE Ex-QUEEN or NATIVES TAKING THE VEIL.-A | despatch from Augsburg, dated October 10, contains the following : " Queen Marie of Naples has just been escorted to theUrsuline Convent byher brother,Prince I Louis. This retreat chosen by the wife of Francis II. ÍB definite. She renounces the world." An explana- tion of the above paragraph throws a doubt upon the " definite " character of the renunciation of the world spoken of. The youthful Queen of Naple3 has had a quarrel with her husband ; but as the Catholic Church does not allow a married woman to become a nun without her husband's consent, the latter will proba- bly have a word to Bay on the subject. A WATERLOO ANECDOTE.-Sir H. Blane, profess- ing to give " a correct version of the death of that fine soldier, General Ponsonby, at Waterloo," gives' an account which is in every particular but one erroneous. He has indeed jumbled together two per- sons of the same name (as Mr. Spencer Lyttleton has pointed out in the Times), and has attributed to Major-General the Hen. William Ponsonby what happened to the Hon. Colonel Ponsonby, and to the Colonel what happened to the General. General Ponsonby did die, Colonel Ponsonby survived Water- loo for many years. The facts are these :-Colonel Ponsonby, of the 12th Dragoons, was stretched wounded on the ground, and a Polish Lancer, seeing some life in him, said, using a filthy expression, '.f-, you are not yet dead," and deliberately raa his lance into the disabled man's body more than once. Some French riflemen then took possession of the ground where Ponsonby lay, and they made a heap of the bodies they found on the spot to serve as a Eort of parapet from behind which they fired kneel - iDg. Ponsonby had the luck of being placed at the top of the pile, and the rifleman who was using his body both as shield and rest, observing Bomc signs of life in him,, instead of acting as the savage and dastardly lancer had done, gave him a drink of brandy out of _is flask. As the day wore on Ponsonby', sufferings became so intolerable that he implored the friendly foe to put his rifle to his head and despatch him ; but the gallant fellow said, " No ; ' cheer "up, the day's your own-we are in full retreat ; farewell, I must 'be off." We are . afraid to, say how many wounds > Pon- sonby had-we believe they were not under a dozen ; and his survival was attributed to his remaining on the ground exposed to the cold (for cold it was, though midsummer) for,nearly forty-eight hours, which kept down fever that would othexwie'e have supervened. He recovered to tell the story we have repeated, andfew finer-looking men could be seen than he was, after having been riddled and pierced with a dozen wounds. But mark what death was in store for a man who had survived what we have faintly described. Exitus ergo quit ett ? > Ecu gloria I The hero died of the merry-thought of a chicken. He was choked by a chicken bone at Marral Green on his road to Southampton twenty-two years after his escape of all the horrors of the field of Waterloo.-Examiner. NERVOUS CRICKETERS. - No one can look on at any match, however unequal, between the players and the gentlemen of England, without seeing that there is an element in the play of the gentlemen, which might with much advantage be introduced into the other side. We mean the spirit and activity with which they play, the sharp running between the wickets, and a little extra dash in the fielding as well as variety and "invention" with the bat. Add to this, gentlemen play better when mixed with players. To walk up to the wicket and play an every day game with full confidence, when all the professionals of England are ranged against him, is no little trial to the nerve of a young player. - "Cricketana," in the London Society. A SAPE ANSWER.-" As a pedestrian tourist," says the Orleannais, " was lately proceeding towards Tours, he asked a man who was breaking stones by the roadside how long it would take him to reach that place. The man looked at him without speaking, and then resumed his work. The question was repeated with the same result, and at last the traveller walked on. He had not proceeded more than a hundred yards when the man called after him, and made a pign, for him to return. When the pedestrian reached the stone-breaker, the latter said to him, 'It will take you an hour to reach Tours.' * Then why did you not tell nae so at first ?' said the traveller. « Why,' replied the man, * it was necessary for me first to see at what rate you walked ; and, from the way you step out, I am now able to say that you can do the distance in an hour.' " WELL DONE SIX-YEARS- OLD !-At a recent banquet at the camps at Chalons, about the middle of the after- noon, the Prince Imperial 'entered the hall, and, as usual, took .a seat ,near the Emperor. Marshal Randon, moved by the presence of the young Prince, then rose, and propoBed" The health of the Prince Impf rial, the hope of the army !" which waa drunk with enthusiasm. The Prince,"to whom the Emperor had given a few .drops of champagne, replied, by .saying,: «« I drink to the health of the army, !' Then, after a short pause.'he'added,' wit_*astonishing energy for a child of his age,. " And I hop^'tö become a good I soldier." - s.' . ..- - 