THE DESERTED DIGGINGS. JIY AN OLD CIIUM. ' "Well, you see mate,' snia Bill, 'I am not much of a hand at pitching a tale, but as you seoin the right sort, I'll try for once. It will be four years on the third of next month since first I came on to Kajunga. I had been working at Fryer's Creek, in tucker holes, for some tiiuo previously, for my mate had been bad with the dysentery, and, of course, I couldn't leave him. At last, how ever, he died, and having been told that there wero. some old shipmates of mino up here, I determined to come up and try my luck. Well, I soon picked up with a fresh '! mate, nnd a pretty tidy hole, too, for there was gold galore iu these parts then. There was a rare rough lot about hero, though. You see, it was a goodish way from tbo old established goldlields, and the diggings wore scattered over such a deal of ground, that .'what lew troopers wo had up here went pretty nigh for nothing, so that every man : of us used to sleep with his loaded revolver under his head, as in the old times on Golden Point. I was camped a few miles higher up the creek, and in trie next tent to us were a eo'uple of chaps wlro had been working there aoine time ; but, partly through want of luck, and partly through blowing ail they earned in the grog shanties, they were pretty well always down on their luck. The name of the youngest of thein was Charley Smart — Smart Charley wo used to call him, though ; for .of a Sunday he used to come out iu a grey shirt all worked with scarlet silk, a great red sash round lus waist, a real Panama -hat, breeches, and knee boots, all which stroll dunnage he had brought with him from California, where he and his brother, who was then at . M'clvor, had worked for some time. He was a very good looking yoting chap, though ho was as white in the face as a parsnip, but he was uncommon strong and hearty, and an out and out good workman. His mate Alick — or black Alick as wo used to call liim, on account of the darkness of his skin— was a chap of some fifty vears of age, and as ill looking a custo mer as you eould well meet with on a day's march, even in this country. I have hear J since that he was tried in the old country for robbery and murder. There wasn't evi dence enough to bring the banging matter home to him, though there wasn't much doubt of his guilt ; so he saved his neck and came out to the colonies at government ex pense instead. He was a gloomy, morose kind of fellow, very quarrelsome when in drink, and as unsociable as a bear, for when he was out of cash to knock down in grog he psed always to turn in as soon as ever he had swallowed his supper, never coming out to sit by the fire and smoke and yarn like the rest of ns used to do. Smart Charley was quite another sort of chap. He would ait up half the night as long as any one was left to talk to, and seemed to dislike the blankets as much as Black Alick loved them. ' Now, a short distance from where we were camped, there was a grog shanty — not . one of your new fangled, weather boarded hotels, with a grand bar all set out with swell decanters full of bad liquor, but a jolly great tent, well put up, with a good fly over it, lined throughout with green baize, and a sod ehimney to it that would hold an eight foot log — as comfortable a crib as a man could wish to set foefc in who waB content to pour good stuff out of a hlnofc bottle, and drink it out of a pannican. It was kept by a Yankee — a good specimen of one ho was, too,, and an uncommon good hand at drinks, to be sure. The way he could mix a julep was a caution. Well, a whole lot of us chaps used to frequent this shanty more or less, and, though I never was much of a one for; drink, I used to go up pretty regular of a Saturday night, and have a band at yuker , or cvibbage, and a glass or two of hot whis key and water, real Scotch, and first rate at that.' The Yankee hoys who came there said it was nothing to Monongohela ; hut Charley, who had been some time in America, said that that was all gas. However, aB I never tasted the liquor in question, I can't say. Among the fellows who used the shanty — the Stars and Stripes,' aB we called it — was one who, dropped in occasionally, who went by the-name of Indian Ilepe, though he was no ' "'more an Indian than you are, for his father was a Scotchman and his mother a Mexican ' woman of Sonora ; but he had been stolen : away when a lad by the Indians who live on . horseback — Comanchees, I think, they call them — and had passed pretty nigh twenty years of his life among them. I have heard that he became a chief, and had raised a deal of hair in his time ; but whether this was 'true. or not I can't say, for he was a silent sort of chap, and never said much about his past life. He had come on to the California diggings soon after they broke out, and afterwards came over to Sydney, | and from there to Victoria. ' "We used to think him a bit mad, for he would go away with; his gun all alone for weeks, living upon what; lie could shoot, and when lie came back to work he used to prefer spending half the night by himself in the buBh, stretched out on his hack, Btaring up at the stars, to sit ting comfortably by tho fire and smoking his pipe like a Christian. There were queer tales afloat about bis having told some fel lows' fortunes up on Eaglehawk, and bow all he said had come true. Well, one Saturday night— I remember it well, for we had nug- getted pretty nigh thirty ounces that 'day — we were all of us up attlio Stars and Stripes Alick and Charley had been pretty well in luck that week, and they insisted on Bhouting all round, time after time; till we all, I fancy, had taken a little more than was good for us, and' even Hepe began to talk a bit. Charley seeing this began gammoning and chaffing him about bis powers of fortune tel ling. The Indian took it very quietly at first.; but,, when Charley went on too much at him, he got riled, and said : '.Charley, I can tell you something that will happen to you, as Bure as you are sitting before that fire.' ' What is it Indian ?' says Charley ; ' speak up/' "Well, the best bole of the best rush that ever was or ever will be on Kajunga shall bo found by you, and yofc you will never handle an ounce of tho gold, and, what's moro, those that work it will never profit by it.' At this we all laughed heartily, and says Charley : V 'If it's ever my luck to come across a hit of « good ground, I would like to see the clmp living that would jump it, and I'd not only handle the gold, but spend it, too. As to profiting by it, why that's another thing al together; but if I didn't, the Stars and . Stripes would, at any rate. Hope didn't make any reply, but eat quietly smoking his pijie for a bit, and then got up and went awuy. : By this time Alick had begun to get nasty, and wanted to fight everybody in the Bhanty, one down the other come on, so I thought it time to make tracks for my tent and turn in. It seems that soon after I left, Alick and Charley had a bit of a barney, which ended in a regular stand up fight, and when old Stars and Stripes attempted to separate them, they both went into him like mad, and beat him pretty nigh into a jelly before tho other boys could get him away. He was precious savage at this, as you may think, and sworo that nei ther of them shonld ever have another nobbier from him, either for love or money. ' A few days after this shindy the rush to the White Hills took place, and Aliok and Charley got a capital claim, dead on the gut ter. It was so good a one that they conldn't have knocked down all they made, even if they hnd land every night to do it in ; but old Stars and Stripes wouldn't have them at any price, and, though there were lots of grog tents in the neighbourhood, there wasn't a drop of decent stuff to be got nearer than the town ship, which was pretty well three miles off, with a rare rough road to it, bad enough to travel even by daylight — ao they were obliged to lay by their gold, whether they would or not. For the first few Sundays they used toBtarfc off for Kajunga as soun as day broke, drink all day, and come reeling back just before tun. set. But there had been ill blood between them ever since tho night ot the row, and on the third Sunday they had another fight, and Charley drew his revolver on Alick — a bad habit he had learned over in California. There wasn't any harm done, for some of the boys who were present interfered ; but there was no love lost between them from that day, and, though they still worked und lived together, they seldom or ever spoke, and used to grub separate. Alick still kept up his Sunday jour neys to Kajunga, hut Charley never went down any more, turned quite steady, and saved up a heap of gold. This sort of game went on for three months or niore, till one Wednesday evening, as we were sitting round the fire after supper, Charley says to me : ' We shall have washed up by Saturday af ternoon, Bill, and as 1 and Alick don't hit it any longer I shall start away on Sunday morn ing for Melbourne, and have a spree. I ex pect my brother Jack will get down there in a week or two, and then we will either come up here again to prospect for the claim the Indian told me of, or try some fresh diggings. I rather think, however, I shall do tho latter.' On Saturday night Charley came and had his supper with us 'It's my last night on the old Kajunga,' says he, ' I wish you would get old Stars and Stripes to let roe in, I should like to shout for the boys once before I go.' I went up to the shanty, and, after a deal of trouble, I made it all right for Charley, but Alick he wouldn't have, do what I would, and I tried pretty hard, too, However, I might have saved myself all bother on his account, for it seems while I was away he came out of the tent, and Charley, who was as good hearted a fellow as ever breathed, asked him to shake hands and have a nobbier, but Alick only swore at him and went in again. Well, we had a right down jolly night of it, to be sure. Stars and Stripes brewed ua some stunning rum punch, and we had lots of singing and plenty of good yarns, and were very merry, without any of us getting much over the mark. Rather late Indian came in. for. like the rest of us, he liked Charley, and would be sorry lu let him go away without wishing him luck. Charley shook him by the hand 'Indian,' says he, 'I haven't found -this grand hole yet, though I have had a pretty fair one, and can't complain.' ' "Wait a bit,' said Hepe, ' you'll find it, no fear.' Charley laughed, and was going to make some reply ; hut juBt then one of the boys began a song with a chorus, ' As far as from here to the top of Mount Lofty,' and we all joined in of course, and so the subject was dropped. We knocked off soon after midnight and I walked down to the tent with Charley. ' Good bye, old fellow,' says he, ' I sha'n't see you in the morning, for I shall be off by daybreak, and I know that you can do with a tidy amount of sleep on a Sunday. I shan't be long making town, for I mean to take nothing with me but the things I stand up in aed my gold. The tent is Alick's, and if ho leaves before I return, I have told him to let you have my tub, cradle, aud tools, and if I am not back in three months, why you are quite welcome to them. Good night, old chap, and goed luck to you.' With that we went into our tente, and in a few minutes I was wrapped in my blankets and sound asleep. Just about dawn I was woke up by Charley, who was whistling away most vigorously as he made his fire and boiled the water for, his tea. He wasn't long in finishing his breakfast, and then away he went on his journey as brisk as a bee. InBtead of taking the main road which led to Kajunga, he passed right by our tent, and struck at once into the bush, iutendiug, no doubt, to give the town ship a wide berth, which was a very sensible notion of his, as there were a deal of old hands and roughs loafing about it, and he carried a large amount of gold about him. As I was dropping off to sleep again, I thought I heard a slight noiEe as if some one was passing our tent on tiptoe, but as I was too Eleepy to give much heed, and as the dog which lay stretched out at the' entrance of the lent didn't bark, 1 just gave myself an extra coil in the blankets, and was soon in the land of Nod. I seldom got up of a Sunday much before ten, but as my mate and I had agreed to go out on the plains that day after some turkey that had been seen about, and it being my week to cook, I roused out pretty early, lighted the fire, and set to work to get breakfast ready. I was- busy frying the chops, when, looking up,. I eaw Aliek coming along the road from the township. He had bis gun under his arm and a brace of snipe in one hand.' 'Why, Alick,' said I, 'you have been out after the birds pretty early. — ' Cli,' soys he, ' Charley made such a cursed row this morning, that he woke me up, and, as I couldn't get to sleep again, I thought I would try if there was unything to be got along the creek. I have been pretty well all the way to the township, and tbia is all I've lighted oil.' 'Well,' says I, I hope we shall have better sport, at any rate.' ' I hope you will,' says he ; and into his t'enl ho goes. Well, things wont on pretty much, in- tho old way with us lor the next, few weeks — the only thing in any way remarkable was tho change that had come over Alick. Since Charley's departure ho never shut himself 'up- of auight as he used to do, but came, out regularly aud sot with the rest of us till the- very, last man went off— and then even- ho' did sot seem much in- clined to turn in himself. Not that he was a bit more pleasant than before, for formerly he used to speak now and then, but now he never even so much as opened his mouth, but sat smoking end Btaring into the fire, and looking altogether as miserable as a bandicoot. No body cared about him as a mate — and indeed he nevor looked after one himself, but went and worked as a hatter at some surfacing which had just been struck on the side of Ironbark Gully. The stuff wasn't very rich, but as there was a considerable depth of it, and it was very easy washing, boing quite free from clay, and not requiring above two waters he did pretty well at it. He had taken to save his money, too, for his Sanday journeys to the township were entirely dropped, and the Stars and' Stripes wouldn't have him at any price, though he begged hard to be let. Well, it may have been a couple of months or there abouts after Charley left us that me and my mate were sitting one fine night in front of our tent doing our pipes. It was full moon, and pretty nigh as light as day. Alick had been working late, and was busy in his tent getting his supper ready, to cook which he had lighted a big fire not very far from where we wereBeated. I had just been talking to my mate about Charley, and was wondering whether he meant to come back for hia things or to leave them for me, when who should I see come out of the bush just behind Alick's tent but Charley himself. He was dressed the Bame as usual — gray shirt, red sash and all, but looked, if possible, a trifle more bloodless than ever. To my surprise he passed by the tent, and though I shouted out to him he took no notice, but walked straight over to the fire and sat down on a log which lay beside it, with his back towards us. Well, I was just goiog up to ask liim what he meant by cutting a couple of old pals in that style, when out came Alick, carrying a billy full of soup in his hand, which he was going to warm up, and as lie kept stirring it round while he walked, ho did not notice Charley, who sat quite still, looking at the fire without over saying a word. A'.ick stooped down, settled the logs so as to make a firm place on which to set his .pot, and as be lifted up his head after placing it on the fire, he caught sight of Charley. Never shall I forget his face, if I were to live a thousand years. For about half a minute he stood as still as if he were turned into stone — bis mouth wide open, his eyes starting out of his head, and his cheeks as white as pipeclay ; then, with a horrible yell, he fell head foremost in the fire. My mate and I rushed up, dragged him from amongst tho blaziDg logs, and when we had done so, and turned round and looked for Charley, he was gone. Well, I can tell you, I began to feel very scared, and no mistake. Ned, says I to my mate, there's something wrong here. If that wasn't Charley himself it was his ghost, and I am sure if he had been living he would never have gone off like fhat, without having a talk with us and the rest of the boys. 'Nonsense,' says he, 'there ain't any Buch thing as ghosts.' But though he pretended to laugh at the whole affair, and said that Charley was only having a game with us, I could see by his looks that he was more inclined after all to be of my opinion than of his own. However, we didn't have much time for talking, for all the time we were holding up Aliek, who, though not very badly burned, _w»s quite insensible. We carried him into his t«nt, and tried every thing. ennld thinU nf tn brine him round, but as it was all of no use, my mate proposeu that he should sit up with him one half the night and me the other. Well, it might have been abont midnight when my mate came and woke me up. 'Why,' says I, 'what's the matter with you? you look as white as a ghost !' ' Get up,' said he, ' and come along witli me. Poor Charley, I'm afraid it's all over with him.' As I couldn't get anything more out of him, I hurried on my clothes and went with him to Alick's tent. By the light of the candle, which stood on the table near the head of the bunk, I could see Alick's features plainly. He was asleep, but his face was perfectly livid, and the perspiration was rolling in huge drops down hi3 forehead. For about a quarter of an hour he lay quite still, my mate and I watching him in silence. Suddenly, however, he raised himself up, and with a frightful scream cried : ' Keep him off ! keep hicn off ! he lias come to drog me down to hell. His grave cannot hold, him, and yet I buried him deep down, deep down, Mercy, my God, mercy, mercy, mercy 1' His screams gradually grew fainter, and at last he fell back perfectly exhausted. ' Has he been taken like that before to night ? says I. Yes, just before I came and woke you up ?' Well, you go and turn in now, and I will stay with him till morning, and then we'll think what is best to be done.' It might have been about daylight when Alick roused up all of a sudden. He sat up, looked round the tent, and seeing me seated on the bunk, exclaimed : Why, what's all this ? I must have been ill." I didn't make him any answer, so he laid himself down again, nnd turning himself so that I eouldn't see his 'face, he said, after a bit : ' Where's Charley J Didn't Charley come back laBt night ?' 'Where Charley is, Alick,' said 1, ' you best know.' ' What do you mean by that ?' says he, savagely, starting up and facing me. ' I mean,' says I, ' that you said things in your Bleep last night that want explaining.' What did I say ?' says he. ' Never mind the exact words,' says I ; ' but I may just as tell you that before my mate and me, you said as much as you had murdered Charley Smart.' With that he dropped back on hie bunk again, as if he had been shot. He lay a long time without speaking. At last he raised himself up on one asm, nnd says he ; ' Bill, it's no use my keeping the . matter to myself any longer. Charley's ghost enme for me last night, and though I ' escaped him that time, it's all up with me I feel, I did murder him. I followed him that Sunday morning, and shot him down in n gully a few miles from here. 1 hid his body in the scrub, nnd in the evening I wont down and buried him, but his gravo was not deep enough — his grave was not deep enough.' 'Well Aliok, says I,' ' 1 didn't ask you to tell me all this, but now you have done eo, 1 must do my duty.' ' I know — 1 know,' says he. ' Let me go down with you aud show you whore the body is buried, and then you may hand me over ta the traps as soon aa yon like. I have been sick of my life this long time.' Well, I called my mate, and sent liim up to the Star and Stripes, where he found somo of the boys who had juBt come in for their morning drink, nnd told them all about it, and a pretty row there was at once, as you may well think. Some of the Yankees were for lynching him right away, but the rest of us wouldn't agree to it, and at last it was settled that Alick should go down with us, and show us the grave ; and that in order not to attract the attention of those whom we might meet on the road, he should not be bound. It was necessary to take the greatest care in order to get him safe into tho hands of the troopers, lor if tbo nows of the murder bad once got noised about the township, he wouldn't have many minutes to say his prayers in, I can tell you. However, we put our revolvers in our pocket, and gave him notice that if ho offered io escape wo would shoot him down like a dog. lie led us right through the buBh, without ever speaking, till he came to a very long gully with steep sides, and about the middle of it we stopped, and pointing to a great half charred log, said: ' Underneath that.' We rolled away the log and began to dig, taking it iu turns. It was a lightish soil, and easy sinking ; «o that working with a will, as we did, it wasn't very long before we reached tho body. It was in a horrible state of decay, but still it wasn't so far gone, but what we could swear to it. We loft some of our party with it, and then we started with Alick to take him to the police camp at Kajunga, Now, the creek, about a mile above Kajunga, runs at the bot tom of a tremendous precipice 300 or 400 feet in height, and along the top of this pre cipice lay our road. The scrub is very thick about there, and comes pretty well up to the edge of the cliff, ao that there is but a narrow pathway of a few feet in width. Well, we had got almost within sight of the township, when who should come out of the bush about a hundred yards a head of us, but Charley. It was broad daylight, so that there was no mistaking him. Wall, I can tell you, my heart beat double quick, and I don't think any one of us felt quite at his ease, With a yell of terror be rushed across the narrow path, and flung himself headlong over the precipice. He did it so suddenly, that none of us could even offer to prevent him. I sprang to the edge of the clifpjust in time to see him strike heavily against a projecting granite boulder, and fall with a dull splash into the dark waters of the creek, which closed over him forever. When I looked ronnd I saw the supposed ghost gazing over the precipice with an expression of horror and amazement in hiB face. This can't be anything but a man, after all, thinks I, so I marched straight up to him, and I then saw at once that it was not Charley, though the likeness was so striking that at a short distance it would have deceivod any one. The mystery was soon explained. He was Charley's brother, Jack Smart, who not find ing him in Melbourne, as he had expected, had come up to Kajunga to look after him. The evening before, he had missed his way, and got up to our tents. He had not replied to my welcome, because, being very deaf, he had not heard it. Alick's extraordinary behaviour upon seeing him, had led him to believe that he waB amongst a lot of candidates for the Yarra B-. nd, so that while we were lugging Aliok out of the fire, he quietly sloped into the bush again. Having worked for several years aiuyg witU-nte-Di-ucuor in uanrorma, ne iiad taken to dress exactly in the same style, which made the resemblance between them almost perfect. There had been a pretty smart shower since wedug the body up and as a Scotchman of the name of Campbell was looking at the grave he saw something bright among the dirt that had been thrown up. He stooped down and picked it up, and what should it be but a nugget of pretty nigh three ounces, a small piece of which had been washed by the rain. Well, he jumped straight into the grave, and drove his pick in at once, and Rash Oh ! was the order of the day. Claims were marked out on every side, the corpse was left to the care of Jack Smart and the police, who had just come up, and the gully was soon alive with the whole population of Kajnnga, mad with excitement. I had marked out a claim about fifty yards from the grave, claim as it was called, and was had at work sinking for my bare life, when some one touched me on the shoulder. It was Hepe. '.Well, says he, ' what I said has come true. He found the claim, but he never handled the gold.' Well, whether it was chance or not, I can not say, but everything Hepe told us, that night came to pass; for that was the best rush ever known on Kajunga, and the grave claim was allowed on all hands to be the best hole on it j and yet those who worked it never benefited by it, for the two Campbells who had it, after working it right out, all ex cept one pillar, attempted to take that away without putting in proper props, so that the roof of the dfive fell in on them, and they were both killed. What became of the gold they took out of it was never known. No govern ment receipts were found either on their bodies or among their things, nor could an ounce of gold be discovered though search was made wherever it was though they might hove stowed it awfty. My belief is that they planted it somewhere in the bush, but where, no one will ever know, for it ain't likely that pick or spade will ever be plied upon the old Kajunga again. ' And what amount of gold do you think they took out of their claim ?' said I. ' Well, me and my mate cleared nearly £2000 a man after all expenses paid. The American hole, which was the best after Camp bell's, turned out, I know, upwards of £5000, so that I should think there must be between £5000 and £6000 lying somewhere handy if one only knew where to drop upon it ; but prospecting for that lot amongst all these wild gullies would be but- a poor spec, I reckon. And now, mates, my yarn is clean spun out, and as we must be up with the sun in the morn ing, I shall say good night.' So saying, he knocked the nahes from his pipe, rolled himself in hiB blanket, and in a few minutes was sound asleop, an example we were none of us slow to follow ' — Once a Week. Rebecca Law, who was acquitted at the last Essex Assizes of the murder of her husband at Claveriog, Essex, has been removed by her Majesty's warrant to a lunatic asylum at Fishcr- ton, near Salisbury. The unhappy woman was acquitted on tho ground of insanity, hut will remain in. confinement during her Majesty's pleasure. The German papers announce tho death of Prince Felix Hohenlohe (Ehringen, a colonel in the Wurtemburg service, an aide-de-camp of the King. He wob married to the Princess of Hanau daugter of the Elector of Hesse. The Prince was 44 years of age, and ia said by the papers to have blown out his brains in consequence of heavy losses at play. 