MASTERS AND SERVANTS. (FROM THE SATURDAY BBVIEWJ. If it is difficult to overrate the importance of tha servant question, it is perhaps not less so to define the limits and extent of the evils from which it has arisen, The photographer involun tarily exaggerates the blaeknes3 of his picture from the impossibility of rendering justice to tho minute lights which are scattered throughout thel deepest shadow ; and tke treatment of this socin question is, from the same cause, liable to a simi- , | lar imperfection, Exceptis exetptetidts must, ot I course, be understood in dealing with clius defects | from which many individual members may doubt 1 less claim to be exempt. The morality of the | domestic class has, however, of late assumed a far 8 more uniform level than in days gono by, whin I the difference between tho London servant and I Ids country bro her was almost that of the_ town I ' and country mouse of the fable. This uniform 1 ity is inevitable under our present feverish rapi I dity of circulation. The ' many run to and fro,' I ani in the transmission of social impulses the 1 agency of the current is superadded to that of the | wave. Hence, though the London servant mi-y I primarily suffer from unfavorable in/luencie.0, his I deterioration can no longer bo regarded as a ljcal I and partial one. As surely and as rapidly as I crinoline nnd pork-pie hats have found their way 1 into the remotest wilda of Scotland and Wales, the moral standard of the London domestic must S become (he prevailing one of the class in general. I But, whatever the limit and extent of the evils of which tlic master has reason to complain, it is g ? well, at the outset, to examine whether tbey are i?i in themselves the disease, or but the symtoms of Si ., a more remote and subtle malady. The tendency i|{ to confound the one with the other is a common I; one, became in the. highest degree natural. The 8 iearch into fir3t causes is always troublesome, and « often leads to th.5 self- conviction of the patient. S9 There aro many evils which weare content toaccept || as primary, biraply because wc care not greatly H to Kiok into their origin. It is eneugh to take || facta as tkey stand, and submit to fate with tho H Calvinislic growl by which an Englishman iB m wont to symbolise resignation when he has reason H to- prefer mild martyrdom to searching reform. B One moiety of domestic sufferers would thus fain H persuade itself that its vexations are duo to the H degeneracy and original sin of a class ordained by H Providence as a epccial thorn in the side of tlic S modern householder. The other, without bur §8 dening its faith with a Providenlial theory, stm B ply vents rs spleen in tirudes against Servantgal S-. ism and FlunkeyiGxn — word-medais of the nine ® tcenth century which may hereafter possess much H significance lor future Macaulays. All, however, K agree in tho main 'complaint that good servauta H are ncirce, and rapidly become scarcer, and that S domestic service is laBt losing the serviceable H qualities which it possessed in the days of our || grandfathers. S If this matter be worth meddling in at all, we [I shall do well to seek its cause on a higher social if level than that of the servants' hall. The aspect gj in which the servant himself may be regarded is twofold. We may look on him a? a piece of live ' household furniture, wliinh it costs a certain sum to hire fbecause absolute property in it is illegal), and a further sum to maintain in an ornamental and ustful condition ; or we may regard him (as do the Icslanders, who, though Christians, are, it must be confessed, a barbarous and uncivilised rrce) as the 'child of the house,' a sharer with the master himself in human sympathies and in firmities — a dependent, it is true, but from that very fact bearing a relationship to the head of the house, not the less honorable from its being a humble one. Such was the estimate of thd ser vant when the term menial ( manialj had its i origin, and was not, as now, coupled with any | sense of degradation. Adopting, however, the furniture view as tho more civilised and prac tical one, let us look to the price wo are in the habit of paying for ornament. Let us ask how far the qualities we prize aro the most useful and serviceable which we can IU get for our money, and whether we warehouse gfg and otherwise maintain this peculiar species of f|H furniture in the manner best calculated to keep it 1$ in serviceable und working order. The rapid in | crease of wealth in our community has, within Isf tho present century, caused a vast upheaval of I the middle strata of our social formation. It has caused a manifold increase in the number of those who can afford to keep servants, and has ensured a corresponding demand and supply of ?!_ the commodity. The area of the upper middle class and of domestic service has perhaps nearly liquared itself since the days of our greatgrand fathers. It is one which unfortunately is pecu ; 'liorly exposed to the social epidemic of the pie sent age— competitive gentility. Servantgalism itself is one of tho forms assumed by this epidcmic, and assuredly Mrs Jones's selection of the youthful vehii-e for dirt and buttons, whom she miscalls her page, is just as * indicative of servantgalism an is Mrs Jones's :p cook's choice of a tawdry bonnet and cheap jew ellevy. The cook would fain stand well in the f„| eyes of the policeman, to the defeat of her rival 8.,} the housemaid. Mrs Jones would vanquish Mrs m Lirown, who keeps a ousket-carriage, in the eyes of Mrs lloOinBcn, who keeps a brougham. And W as the social position of Mrs Jones among her ac K quaintance is not altogether unaffected by the sex ofthe servant who admits her visitorf, instead of the door being opened by a neatly-dressed maid, Kg] we are greeted by the apparition of this youth, III who, from the stato of his garment?, seems to be ffi ' inthehabitof roosting inside a molasses tub in 9|| company with the fowls of the establishment. SB Mrs Jones is butone of the many who adopt that -$m fictitious standard which, in the case of servants, KB as in that of horseflesh, is certain to give cur |||! xency to a nice of screws, which have not always Ww ? even the doubtful merit of being showy. If the h much-desired combination of five foot eleven &m; and piety is unattainable cxcept at the salary fill of the curate (who unfortunately cannot bring §11 the former qualification into the spiritual market), |||| five foot eleven must bo had without Jfs adjunct KS This height and a stout pair of calves give innr §S. ketable value to many an article otherwise H sligh'ly damaged in point of character. If An il tinous can be engaged on reduced terms — in H fact, at a slight discount from his original value — p it is impolitic to scrutinize his antecedents too I closely. And if he is a good waiter and valet, and jf- combines discretion with a partiality for gin, H why should we be extreme to mark what is amiss M as long as it is kept in the background ? f§ But the conventional standard of the modern footman has a further significance as illustrating II the mode in which we cling to institutions which have lost their vitality. A curious question |fe arises, involving the theory of natural selection ||1 of specioB. How far are calves the cause or cffect gig of species in the footman's ease ? The same prob bJ! lem is presented in the ample circumference of §P the porter. The footman once was literally that II which his name imports, and in days when roads If were rough, with a fair sprinkling ofhighwaymen M to boot, the attendance of tbo tunning footman I upon the family coach was by no means a useless I one. The muscular calf was at once the result of 1 his vocation and a part of his stock and trade to I wards it. Tradition and precedent still make I it a sine quA non to him who-e j legs now only serve as a balustrade to | tbe carriage behind which he swings — a simply | passive ? appendage. So, too, the warder at the j gate had, in time past, need of gigantic strength, 1 for hinges were massive, and forcible entries not 1 uncommon. The gigantic strength and propor t tions of the ancient warder are now merged in the | bulky sham whose slumbers in the hall- chair are J only broken by the reveilice of tho po3tman or J visitor. In the event of a forcible entry, he would I be about as available as the Coronation Champion or man in armor at the Lord Mayor's Show, and may perhaps one day share a similar fate. The duties of either footman or porter have as little relation to tho conventional qualities for which they are chosen as the stature of the curate to his 1 powers of preaching. i Still, wore these appendages of the hall-chair J and carriage simply ornamental in a degree ab- 1 surdly disproportionate to their real use, there 1 would be little to call for a remark on the sub- ; ject. Show La, in many cases, as essential as use ; - ?nd where it ie not an essential, people have a 1 right to indulge in it as a luxury if they choose - to pay for it. But these giants in plush represent ? the physical powers of the Titan doomed to the bodily inactivity ot the cookmaid. Ths thews - ?nd sinews of a prizefighter are maintained for ? duties which involve no extraordinary exertion of 1 strength, e .specially when, as under the modern ' system, heavy dishes are net placed on the ' dinner-table. Thus, with less exercise than 1 would suffico to keep an average youth in - ordinary health, Antinous is placed on a ' diet of meat and bear from which the prize- 1 1 fighter's ttainer would recoil in horror. Meat I and beer five times a day would far exceed Tom ' i Bayer's allowance under the hardest bodily train- ) | for the championship. X month of it would i i Qualify him for the hospital rather than the ring. Our Antinous, like Jcshurur., ' waxes fat and kicks.' Increasing corpulence and a decided tendency to gout adds force to Swift's precept, ' Never to stir n finger for any matter which does net belong to his place.' Of course, the poor fellow refuses to carry the box of the governess upstairs. And, of course, hia master writes to the Times to declaim against modern flunkeyism. But docs the fault, if fault there be, rest with Jeshurun or Jeshurun's feeder? After all, some allowance must be made for picces of furniluic which have the drawback of being composed of flesh and blood. Flesh and blood can hardly be exposed to a severer trial than that whioh awaits tht raw youth on his first in troduction to domestic service. Ho is possibly the sharpest and most promising lad of a family ; of tlio ordinary laboring claw. Ilis eldest brother follows the plough, and the youngest gains a few pence weekly by frightening the birds from the ! corn. He himself has been accustomed to any , open air job which he could pick up among the neighboring farmers. With the ocsasionable ex ception of a bit of bacon on Sundaya, his diet 1 has been strictly vegetarian, and his acquaintance with beer has been limited to harvest-time and Christmas. He enters the service of the squire, and ia at once introduced to the servants' hall — 1 that Capua of the most disciplined veteran in pluRh. The natural result is much that i which arises * from placing a savage by a full cask of rum, or taking a Welsh | pony from the liill-ride and keeping him in a | looBe box, with an unlimited range of the corn bin. Por the prevalence of such a systom many ! reasons might be given. Perhaps there 13, after | all, a rude notion of justice at the bottom of it. Our fastidious reserve permits little display of , sympathy on the part of the master, or confidence ! on that of the dependent. Hospitality is the staple quality which supplies the place of others more foreign to our nature, and of the absence of which we are uneasily conscious. Unlimited diet ia our English symbol of hospitality, nnd we thus make atonement with a meat-offering and a drink offering, always reserving to ourselves the right of grumbling with a clean conscience at the result. How otherwise can we account for the fact that the common sense which makes us such admir ablejudges of the management of our coach- horses and hunters deserts us on the threshold of out ser vants* hall ? Why is it that Brown, the groat master builder, promptly resists what he conceives to be an un reasonable demand oi' his workmen, whilo he passively submits to tlio extravagance and waste of his servants ? In business, he is a man of in dependent action and moral courage. In domes tic life he is servtis servorum, and dreads any re trenchment or reform which might be construed as meanness. In business, he canreckon on the support of his brothel builders. In private life, he well knows that they are his rivals ani coai petitors, in defiance of all established trade maxims. Th« fact is, that under our present social system the love of fashion and precedent is a total bar to independence of action, and compe titive gentility equally forbids combination. Reform in the Servant question implies both, 'and we thus are naturally averse to meddling with it in good earnest. We are in the position of Hans Christian Andersen's little Mermaid on her debnt at the surface of the sea. Her gran d mother (and Fashion is ever a stem one) ordered eight large oysters to hang themselves on her tail. 'Butthey hurt so,' cried the little mermaid. ' My child,' said grandmamma, ' little inconveniences must be endured for the sake of great appear ances !' Wince as we may, we, too, are doomed to our retinue of social oysters, as long as we are under grandmamma's control. If they pinch, i do we write to the Times in order to shake them off, or simply by way of vent to our feelings ? II ' faut souffrir pour etre belle ! If we must needs rival each other like children, let us at least suffer the consequences of nur rivalry like men, without surprise and without complaint. Aw Adventure with a Tiobh. — Sir, --The following account of an adventure with a tiger just received from my son Douglas Hebden, an Ensign in the 72nd, may, perhaps, be worth in sertion in (he Field. I may add th -t he is only nineteen years of age. — Robert J.iraes Hebden. ' I had just arrived at Khandalla, and I met there an old school-fellow, who was going out to shoot pigs, and he aaked me to come wi h him. He lent me a single-barrelled rifla, and wo went out about a mile and a half from camp, to a place which was notorious for pigB — it was a deep ra vine, with a -very high mountain on one side, and alow one on the other, nnd filled up with dense jungle. My companion placed himself about the middle of the ravine, and I took up my position near to the end, where the ravine narrowed. We had below about forty beaters or coolies, who be gan at the open end and beat up towards me. They had passed Heyland without anything being seen, but as they nenred the spot where I was stationed, I heard a rush ing and breaking amongst the bushes, and naturally expected to sec some pigs come out, eo I cocked my rifle and brought it up tomy shoulder all ready, when, to my utter amazement, out bounded a ti^er ; I then did what I have since oeen toia was a very loonsn tmng — i nreu at mm with a single- barrelled rifle. Luckily the shot struck hiin through both his fore legs ; had I hit him anywhere else he would have charged, and I would have had no chance of escape ; a.- it was, however, he rushed on as well as he could into the small part of the jungle beyond me, and we got him to show himself by making the beaters roll down large stones at him; but he -always dis appeared again before we had time' to fire. At last I watched the exact spot where he went after one of these short appearances, and, making a lucky shot, sent a ball right through his stomach. upon ims, ne got up, ana witn a irigiutui roar, that made my flesh creep, he rushed back to his old ha.unt, receiving two or three balls in his body as he bounded through the open space between the two jungles. It appeared, however, that he wa3 in. no hurry to give up the ghost, for he got back all right to hia original lair. We now found, upon calling for more ammunition, that the natives who were car rying it had, through excess of fea'r, thrown away every bullet wo had. We had now no alternative but to ride home for fresh supplies, which we did, after giving the culprits a well-deserved thrash ing ; and we took advantage of the opportunity of making a late breakfast ; having dane which, we again started for the scene of action — this time each carrying two rifles and a large hunting-knife. Screwing up our pluck, we entered the thick of the jungle on foot, and tracked him by his blood. At last a native pointed him out to Heyland, who fired at, and wounded him ; the tiger came after us wiih a terrific roar ; and considering discretion the better part of valour, we hastily mounted h tree ; this operation was repeated three times, and at last we found him lying on his side apparently dead. We went up within five yards of him to have a look at him, Heyland firing both barrels at him about fifteen yards off previously, tomakecer tainofhim; butIsuppo3einhisexcitemenfc hemissed i him, as the tigernever moved. When we were about ' five yards from him, I proposed to give him a shot and make doubly sure ; but Heyland said, ' No, no! you will spoil the skin,' and laid hold of my rifle, which I, like a fool, let go, thinking; the brute must be dead ; but as we were taking another step forward, he roBe with an awful roar, and sprang after me. Heyland ran down-hill, and got off all right ; but I ran up-hill as hard as I could, and the tiger after me I had just got up to some coolies who had followed us in our advance, and were novr running away as fast as they could, and I heard the beast breathing at my back. What an awful moment that was ! I never expected to get out of the scrape alive, so drew my knife and turned round in desperation to make a useless effort to save myself, when the tiger, changing his mind, leaped upon the back of a native who was running alongide of me, and mauled him most frightfully ; but it was his dying effort, and the coolie got off with a mauling that would have killed any European, but did not kill him. The tiger was a fine female, 9 feet long. I can assure you that I shall in future be a little mote cautious about going up to one again before I am quite certain of hia being dead.' — The Field, 12th October. Canine Saoacitt. — A singular instance of this (says the London Review) has recently occurred it T'oulouBe, where a dog, chased by some gamins who had tied a kettle to its tail, sought refuge in i police station, which, having gained, he entered without hesitation, and immediately assumed an ittitude of complete security. The commissaire ii police, upon seeking its owner, found that it belonged to a woman who some days before, being persecuted by these boys, had been to the same iolice_ station to lodge a complaint against them. On this errand she was accompanied by her dog, who, evidently noticing the protection afforded to ta mistreeB, had come to seek it for itself. 