BEECHWOBTH POLICE G <URT. Wednesday, April 2ad, 1862. (Before E. T. Barnard, Esq., P.M ) , Obscene Lanquage and Assault. Goodman Jones was charged by Cathe rine Nightingale wMi assault. The complainant deposed that, on Monday last, she bought a h >use of a man named Charles Masters. Prisoner and his wife came yesterday and damaged a lot of property belonging to her, tore her dress and broke the door. Estimated the damage dons at £l. Prisoner also strnck her, and used obscene language to her. Charles Masters deposed that the prosecutrix had b .ught a house of him, but that he could not see that any property had been destroyed by ttie prisoner. Constable Keane deposed that he saw the door broken and the prisoner running away. Did not then think of art eating him; but he afterwards used very bad language, and when he took him in charge, he struck him, Prisoner was very excited. He also kicked me and and tore my jumper. The jumper cost £3 when new. A witness deposed that he heard the constable tell "Jones to keep quiet; Jones was excited and used bad Ian guage ; he had called prosecutrix a w e, and her child a bastard. Fined one shilling for obscene lan guage, or one hours' imprisonment ; and for assail ting constable, cautioned and to pay 20s. damages. Vagrancy -Alexander Stephenson, on remand from the 26th of March, on this charge, was further remanded for seven days. Abusive Language-John Wells was charged by James E. Paul with using abusive language. Remanded the defendant not appearing. Desertion.-James Higgins was sum moned for neglecting to maintain his wife and family. There was no appear ance of either party. A funny story is being told these days. A. woman in the County of Limerick, aot far from Emly, buried her husband some months ago. A knock came to the door one n'ght last month, aud she asked who was there ? A hollow sound answered, ' I am your husbaud whom you buried, and I am very miserable in Purgatory till my debts are paid. Sell the two pigs you have, and be sure you havfe the money for me on such riight when I call.' The poor woman did as "was required, and felt happy at being able to meet bis request, whether through fear or love (as he appeared with his shroud and pale face). Between the first and second visit of the ghost, tbe pcor woman went and told her s'ory to the priest. He told her it "was all very good, but to have two policemen in the house when she would be giving bin* the money. Accordingly, after getting the money the purgatorial and shroudid ghost came, and was arrested by police and lodged in Limerick gaol there to undergo a little more purgatory till his trial comes on. The ghost turned out to be her neighbour, who was godfather to one of her children. . An Editor is a man expected to know everythiog; tell all he knows, guess the rest; to make known h s . wn good character, est&bhh; the refutation I of his neighbour and elect candidates to office ; to blow up everybody> Bt| ^ everyone, and reform the world; to li e for the benefit o*" others, and have the j cpi'.aph on his tombstone,' Here he lieS (at last/ 