A STRANGE STORY. A NEW TALE. By SIR EDWARD BULWER LYTTON. (From ALL THE YEAR ROUND.) So we walked on moodily, no longer arm in arm, nor hand in hand. Then, it occurred to me that the next day, Lilian would be in that narrow world of society ; that there she could scarcely fail to hear of Margrave, to meet, to know him. Jealousy seized me with all its imaginary terrors, and amidst that jealousy a nobler, purer, appre- hension for herself. Had I been Lilian’s brother instead of her betrothed, I should not have trem- bled less to foresee the shadow of Margrave’s mysterious influence passing over a mind so pre- disposed to the charm which Mystery itself has for those whose thoughts fuse their outlines in- fancies ;—whose world melts away into Dream- land. Therefore I spoke. “ Lilian, at the risk of offending you—alas ! I have never done so before this night—I must ad- dress to you a prayer which I implore you not to regard as the dictate of a suspicion unworthy you and myself. The person whom you have just heard and seen is at present much courted in the circles of this town. I entreat you not to permit any one to introduce him to you. I entreat you not to know him. I cannot tell you all my reasons for this peti- tion ; enough that I pledge you my honor that those reasons are grave. Trust, then, in my truth as I trust in yours. Be assured that I stretch not the rights which your heart has bestowed upon mine in the promise I ask, as I shall be freed from all fear by a promise which I know will be sacred when once it is given.” “ What promise ?” asked Lilian, absently, as if she had not heard my words. “ What promise ? Why, to refuse all acquain- tance with that man ; his name is Margrave. “ Promise me, dearest, promise me.” “ Why is your voice so changed ?” said Lilian. “ Its tone jars on my ear,” she added, with a peevishness so unlike her, that it startled me more than it offended ; and, without a word fur- ther, she quickened her pace, and entered the house. For the rest of the evening we were both taci- turn and distant towards each other. In vain Mrs Ashleigh kindly sought to break down our mutual reserve. I felt I had the right to be re- sentful, and I clung to that right the more be- cause Lilian, made no attempt at reconciliation. This, too, was wholly unlike herself, for her temper was ordinarily sweet—sweet to the ex- treme of meekness ; saddened if the slightest misunderstanding between us had ever vexed me, and yearning to ask forgiveness if a look or a word had pained me. I was in hopes that, before I went away, peace between us would be restored. But long ere her usual hour for retiring to rest, she rose, abruptly, and complaining of fatigue and headache, wished me good night, and avoided the hand I sorrowfully held out to her as I opened the door. “ You must have been very unkind to poor Lilian,” said. Mrs Ashleigh, between jest and earnest, “ for I never saw her so cross to you before. And the first day of her return, too !” “ The fault is not mine,” said I, somewhat sud- lenly ; “ I did but ask Lilian, and that as a humble prayer, not to make the acquaintance of a stranger in this town against whom I have rea- sons for distrust and aversion. I know not why that prayer should displease her.” “ Nor I. Who is the stranger ?” “ A person who calls himself Margrave. Let me at least entreat you to avoid him ?” “ Oh, I have no desire to make acquaintance with strangers. But, now Lilian is gone, do tell me all about this dreadful murder ? The ser- vants are full of it, and I cannot keep it long con- cealed from Lilian. I was in hopes that you would have broken it to her.” I rose impatiently ; I could not bear to talk thus of an event, the tragedy of which was asso- ciated m my mmd with circumstances so myste- rious. I became agitated, and even angry, when Mrs Ashleigh persisted in rambling, woman-like inquiries—“ Who was suspected of this deed ! Who did I think had committed it ? What sort of a man was Sir Philip ? What was that strange story about a casket ?” Breaking from such interro- gations, to which I could give but abrupt and evasive answers, I seized my hat, and took my departure. LETTER FEOM ALLEN FENWICK TO LILIAN ASHLEIGH. “ I have promised to go to Derval Court to- day, and shall not return till to- morrow. I cannot bear the thought that so many hours should pass away with one feeling less kind than usual resting like a cloud upon you and me. Lilian, if I offended you, forgive me ? Send me one line to say so ?—one line which I can place next to my heart and cover with grateful kisses till we meet again ?” REPLY. “ I scarcely know what you mean, nor do I quite understand my own state of mind at this moment. It cannot be that I love you less—and yet—but I will not write more now. I feel glad that we shall not meet for the next day or so, and then I hope to be quite recovered. I am not well at this moment. Do not ask me to forgive you— but if it is I who am in fault, forgive me, oh, for- give me, Allen.” And with this unsatisfactory note—not worn next my heart, not covered with kisses, but thrust crumpled into my desk like a creditor’s unwelcome bill—I flung myself on my horse and rode to Derval Court. I was naturally proud ; my pride came now to my aid. I felt bitterly indignant against Lilian—so indignant that I re- solved on my return to say to her, “ If in those words, ‘ And yet,’ you implied a doubt whether you loved me less, I cancel your vows, I give you back your freedom.” And I could have passed from her threshold with a firm foot, though with the certainty that I should never smile again. Does her note seem to you who may read these pages to justify such resentment ? Perhaps not. But there is an atmosphere in the letters of the one we love, which we alone—we who love – can feel, and in the atmosphere of that letter I felt the chill of the coming winter. I reached the park lodge of Derval Court late in the day. I had occasion to visit some patients whose houses lay scattered many miles apart, and for that reason, as well as from the desire for some quick bodily exercise which is so natural an effect of irritable perturbation of mind, I had made the journey on horseback instead of using a carriage, that I could not have got through the lanes and field-paths by which alone the work set to myself could be accomplished in time. Just as I entered the park, an uneasy thought seized hold of me with the strength which is as- cribed to presentiments. I had passed through my study (which has been so elaborately de- scribed) to my stables, as I generally did when I wanted my saddle-horse, and in so doing, had, doubtless, left open the gate. The iron palisade, and probably, the window of the study itself. I had been in this careless habit for several years, without ever once having cause for self-reproach. As I before said, there was nothing in my study to tempt a thief ; the study shut out from the body of the house, and the servant sure at nightfall both to close the window and lock the gate ;—yet now, for the first time, I felt an impulse, urgent, keen, and disquieting, to ride back to the town and see these precautions taken. I could not guess why, but something whispered to me that my neglect had exposed me to some great danger. I even checked my horse and looked at my watch ; too late !—already just on the stroke of Strahan’s dinner hour as fixed in his note ; my horse, too, was fatigued and spent ; besides, what folly ! what bearded man can believe in the warnings of a “ presentiment ?” I pushed on, and soon halted before the old-fashioned flight of stairs that led up to the hall. Here I was accosted by the old steward ; he had just descended the stairs, and, as I dismounted, he thrust his arm into mine un- ceremoniously, and drew me a little aside. “ Doctor, I was right ; it was his ghost that I saw by the iron door of the mausoleum. I saw it again at the same place last night, but I had no fit then. Justice on his murderer ! Blood for blood !” “ Ay !” said I, sternly ; for if I suspected Margrave before, I felt convinced now that the inexpiable deed was his. Wherefore convinced ? Simply because I now hated him more, and hate is so easily convinced ! “ Lilian ! Lilian !” I murmured to myself that name ; the flame of my hate was fed by my jealousy. “ Ay !” said I, sternly, “ murder will out.” “ What are the police about ?” said the old man, querulously ; “ days pass on days, and no nearer the truth. But what does the new owner care ? He has the rents and acres ; what does he care for the dead ! I will never serve another master. I have just told Mr Strahan so. How do I know whether he did not do the deed ? Who else had an interest in it ? ” “ Hush, hush ! ” I cried ; “ you do not know what you say so wildly.” The old man stared at me, shook his head, re- leased my arm, and strode away. A laboring man came out of the garden, and having unbuckled the saddle-bags, which con- tained the few things required for so short a visit, I consigned my horse to his care, and ascended the perron. The old housekeeper met me in the hall, conducted me up the great staircase, showed me into a bedroom prepared for me, and told me that Mr Strahan was already waiting dinner for me. I should find him in the study. I hastened to join him. He began apologising, very unnecessarily, for the state of his establish- ment. He had, as yet, engaged no new servants. The housekeeper, with the help of a housemaid, did all the work. Richard Strahan at college had been as little distinguishable from other young men as a youth neither rich nor poor, neither clever nor stupid, neither handsome nor ugly, neither audacious sinner nor formal saint, possibly could be. Yet, to those who understood him well, he was not without some of those moral qualities by which a youth of mediocre intellect often ma- tures into a superior man. He was, as Sir Philip had been rightly in- formed, thoroughly honest and upright. But with a strong sense of duty, there was also a certain latent hardness. He was not indulgent. He had outward frankness with acquaintances, but was easily roused to suspicion. He had much of the thriftiness and self-denial of the North Countryman, and I have no doubt that he had lived with calm content and systematic eco- nomy on an income, which made him, as a bachelor, independent of his nominal profession, but would not have sufficed, in itself, for the fitting maintenance of a wife and family. He was, therefore, still single. It seemed to me, even during the few minutes in which we conversed before dinner was an- nounced, that his character showed a new phase with his new fortunes. He talked in a grandiose style of the duties of station and the woes of wealth. He seemed to be very much afraid of spending, and still more appalled at the idea of being cheated. His temper, too, was ruffled ; the steward had given him notice to quit. Mr Jeeves, who had spent the morning with him, had said the steward would be a great loss, and a steward, at once sharp and honest, was not to be easily found. What trifles can embitter the possession of great goods ! Strahan had taken a fancy to the old house ; it was conformable to his notions, both of comfort and pomp, and Sir Philip had expressed a desire that the old house should be pulled down. Strahan had inspected the plans for the new mansion to which Sir Philip had re- ferred, and the plans did not please him ; on the contrary, they terrified, “ Jeeves says that I could not build such a house under seventy or eighty thousand pounds, and then it will require twice the establishment which will suffice for this. I shall be ruined,” cried the man who had just come into possession of at least twelve thousand a year. “ Sir Philip did not enjoin you to pull down the old house ; he only advised you to do so. Per- haps he thought the site less healthy than that which he proposes for a new building, or was aware of some other drawback to the house which you may discover later. Wait a little before you decide.” “ But, at all events, I suppose I must pull down this curious old room—the nicest part of the whole house !” Strahan, as he spoke, looked wistfully round at the quaint oak chimney-piece ; the carved ceil- ing ; the well-built solid walls, with the large mullion casement, opening so pleasantly on the sequestrated gardens. He had ensconced himself in Sir Philip’s study, the chamber in which the once famous mystic, Ferman, had found a refuge. “ So cozy a room for a single man !” sighed Strahan. “ Near the stables and dog- kennels, too ! But I suppose I must pull it down. I am not bound to do so legally ; it is no condition of the will. But in honor and gratitude I ought not to disobey poor Sir Philip’s positive injunction.” “ Of that,” said I, gravely, “ there cannot be a doubt.” Here our conversation was interrupted by Mrs Gates, who informed us that dinner was served in the library. Wine, of great age was brought from the long-neglected cellars ; Strahan filled and refilled his glass, and, warmed into hilarity, began to talk of bringing old college friends around him in the winter season, and making the roof-tree ring with laughter and song once more. Time wore away, and night had long set in, when Strahan at last rose from the table, his speech thick and his tongue unsteady. We re- turned to the study, and I reminded my host of the special object of my visit to him, namely, the inspection of Sir Philip’s manuscript. “ It is tough reading,” said Strahan ; “ better put it off till to-morrow. You will stay here two or three days.” “ No ; I must return to L—— to-morrow. I cannot absent myself from my patients. And it is the more desirable that no time should be lost before examining the contents of the manuscript, because probably they may give some clue to the detection of the murderer.” “ Why do you think that ?” cried Strahan, startled from the drowsiness that was creeping over him. “ Because the manuscript may show that Sir Philip had some enemy—and who but an enemy could have had a motive for such a crime ? Come, bring forth the book. You of all men are bound to be alert in every research that may guide the retribution of justice to the assassin of your bene- factor.” “ Yes, yes. I will offer a reward of five thou- sand pounds for the discovery. Allen, that wretched old steward, had the insolence to tell me that I was the only man in the world who could, have an interest in the death of his master ; and he looked at me as if he thought that I had committed the crime. You are right, it becomes me, of all men, to be alert. The assassin must be found. He must hang.” While thus speaking, Strahan had risen, un- locked a desk which stood on one of the safes, and drawn forth a thick volume, the contents of which were protected by a clasp and lock. Stra- han proceeded to open this lock by one of a bunch of keys, which he said had been found on Sir Philip’s person. “ There, Allen, this is the memoir. I need not tell you what store I place on it ; not, be- tween you and me, that I expect it will warrant poor Sir Philip’s high opinion of his own scien- tific discoveries. That part of his letter seems to me very queer, and very flighty. But he evi- dently set his heart on the publication of his work, in part if not in whole. And, naturally, I must desire to comply with a wish so distinctly intimated by one to whom I owe so much. I beg you, therefore, not to be too fastidious. Some valuable hints in medicine, I have reason to be- lieve, the manuscript will contain, and those may help you in your profession, Allen.” “ You have reason to believe ! Why ?” “ Oh, a charming young fellow, who, with most of the other gentry resident at L——, called on me at my hotel, told me that he had travelled in the East, and had there heard much of Sir Philip’s knowledge of chemistry, and the cures it had enabled him to perform.” “ You speak of Mr Margrave. He called on you ?” “ Yes.” “ You did not, I trust, mention to him the ex- istence of Sir Phillip’s manuscript.” “ Indeed I did ; and I said you had promised to examine it. He seemed delighted at that, and spoke most highly of your peculiar fitness for the task.” “ Give me the manuscript,” said I abruptly, “ and, after I have looked at it to-night, I may have something to say to you to-morrow in refer- ence to Mr Margrave.” “ There is the book,” said Strahan ; “ I have just glanced at it, and find much of it written in Latin ; and I am ashamed to say that I have so neglected the little Latin I learned in our col- lege days, that I could not construe what I looked at.” I sat down and placed the book before me ; Strahan fell into a doze from which he was wakened by the housekeeper, who brought in the tea things. “ Well,” said Strachan, languidly, “ do you find much in the book that explains the many puzzling riddles in poor Sir Philip’s eccentric life and pursuits ?” “ Yes,” said I. “ Do not interrupt me.” Strahan again began to doze, and the house- keeper asked if we should want anything more that night, and if I thought I could find my way to my bedroom. I dismissed her impatiently, and continued to read. Strahan woke up again as the clock struck eleven, and finding me still absorbed in the manu- script, and disinclined to converse, lighted his candle, and telling me to replace the manuscript in the desk when I had done with it, and be sure to lock the desk and take charge of the key, which he took off the bunch and gave me, went up-stairs, yawning. I was alone, in the wizard Forman’s chamber, and bending over a stranger record than had ever excited my infant wonder, or, in later years, pro- voked my sceptic smile. =============================== SNAKES—A brown snake about five feet long was killed on the Boundary flat, by two men named Campbell and Brown, last week, and on being opened no less than thirty-three young snakes were found in it. They were brought into Kilmore to Dr. Beaven’s for preservation. Also, Mr John Boyd informs us, that a snake was re- cently killed on his farm, at Wallan Wallan, in the inside of which thirty-two young snakes were found. In the latter instance the snake was one of the carpet species.—KILMORE EXAMINER, 13th February. 