TUESDAY, APRIL 1, 1862. A return of the revenue received during the first two months of this year, compared with similar returns for the corresponding periods of five years past, gives us some results which throw a startling light upon the fact of the rapidly decreasing revenues of the colony. The " accelerating rate of " decrease" which excited Mr. VER- DON'S attention six months ago, has now reached a height which is unques- tionably full of anxiety for our financiers. It may be that there are some deduc- tions to be made from the lessons which these figures convey, as it is well known that the two first months of the year are generally the least favourable in their returns, even for the ordinary sources of income. They are still more delusive in respect to the new duties, for, even setting aside the difficulties of collection immediately following any material change in the tariff, there may always be expected a certain hesitancy in the importers to pass the dutiable goods through the Custom-house, through an ¿dea that the duties may after all not De made permanent, cither from an alteration in the programme or a ohango of Ministry. « MakiDg all allowances, however, for these exceptional oausca, there is still so great a faliing-off in the year's revenue as justly to give rise to much anxiety in regard to our financial condition. The one broad faot revealed in these roturns is, that the revenue of tho firdt two months of 1862 falls short of that of the cor- responding period'of 1861 by £81,834 -showing a rate of decrease of nearly twenty per cent. The Customs duties-, whioh have always been accepted as the natural index of the financial prosperity of a country, furnish the most remark- able evidences of deficiency. In 1861, the total Customs returns for January and February amounted to ¿£218,956 ; in 1862 they did not exceed £163,412. And while the decrease from 1860 to 1861 was only £3,941, the ac- ercase from last year to 1862 was £55,544, inoluding the reocipts from the new duties. As somo relief, how ever, from the gloominess of this pioturc, it must be noted that by far the larges!; deficiency is shown, proportionately, in the iteoi3 of wines and spirits-a oir oumstanco whioh argucß as much for the reformed habits of tho colonists, and for the growth of an important native industry, as for the financial declino of the ooloDy. The first two months of 1862 show only £82,657 under the head of spirits, as against £104)436 for tho corresponding period of last year. In wine, there is a still moro signal fall from £11,174 to £5,237, caused, unquestionably, by the increase of tho consumption of native wines in Victoria. The next most remarkable item in whioh a deorease is obscivablo is to- bacco, which descends from £27,606 to £15,973. The article of tea also shows a decline from £29,581 to £19,796. These deficiencies are but poorly sup- plied by the returns from the new ,uti«s, whioh, if they do not improve in the re- maining months of 1862, will very notably falsify the Treasurer's calcu- lations made at the beginning of the year. Bice, which was cxpeoted to yield £16,000 in the twelve months, in two months has given but £5 Dried fruits, whioh were set do^ra at £22,500 for the year, show only £373. The itoms of hops and malt are equally un satisfactory ; while the registration fees, whioh were to give an annual yield of £50,000, have only produced £2,847 as yet. Tho other great branches of inoome, as exhibited in these returns, do not call for niuob. remark. There is a general dcorcase in all except in the revenue frompublio works, whioh during the first two months of this year has increased from £16,913 to £29,350. The two items which are included in this head aro the railway income and the eleotrio telegraph, the former giving very gratifying evidence of elasticity, having increased from £14,621 in 1861, to £26,179 in 1862. When tho two great lines aro finally made available for traffic, as they will be in a few months, this item may bo expected to form a very important branoh of our national revenue, contributing not only to pay the interest on the railway loan, but tho working expenses of the linos, and evon to give a profit, in a very short I time. Tho proceeds of the salo of land during the first two months of 1862 provo by their deoroaso cither that the Government hasbeen more frugal than its predecessor of tho national estate, or that the demand for land is less than it was, on the part of the people. While in 1861, £76,911 was realized from land sales during the first two months of tho year, in 1862 this item furnished only £46,525. The revenue from assesp ment and occupation, on the other hand, has increased from £1,632 to £5,470, showing, at least, that somo of Mr. Brooke's licensees have paid thoir rent. Tho decrease in the gold export duty is from £39,363 to £32,701; and in miners' rights, from £5,092 to £3,681-proving that declino in the mining interest whioh is evidenoed else- where in the decreased yield from tho gold-fields. On the whole, 4it is impossible to gain- say the faot that these returns give an unfavourable idea of our finanoial position for the year 1862. It is clear that the rato of deorcaae has been " acoelerated" faster than was expeoted by the Treasurer in the beginning of the year-that our Customs duties espe- cially aro falling off surely and rapidly tkattbenewimpostsare a failure, and that the total dofieienoy at the end of tho year will probably be very considerable. In- deed, it is difficult to perceive how wo shall be able to mcot the little bill, duo at tho end of this year, according to the Treasurer's calculations, of £3,106,496. Unless the returns for the next nine "months show a better sot of figures, or unlesB somo check is put to the extrava- gance of our expenditure, it is probable that 1862 will oloso in a deficit of some- thing like ¡£400,000, on tho year. It is al such a timo as this, when every - interest is suffering from a scarcity of water, when every one is feeling in his own person the incon- veniences, and in his pocket the aotual loss, of a defioicnoy of this indispensable .lemont, that tho Bubjcot of its storage on some largo and comprehensive Bystem may mest appropriately bo disoussod. In our last summary for Europe, under the head "Gold-fields," appeared the fol- lowing :-" The yield of gold is Iobs than " it was at this timo last year, but _' scarcely lower in proportion to the " number of miners aotually at work, " and, in fact, wonderfully well sus ," tained, oonBidoring tho much greater " scarcity of water than has been ex " peiienced for somo years past. The " quantity of rain that has fallon through " the summer has been small, and every " week we hive accounts of more steam " engines being stopped, oonsequcnt'on " the failure of the water supplies. " Many even of the rathor largo resor " voira aro now dry, and the small pud " dlers' dams wero emptied long since." Agriculturists and stockholders sutler in uko manner. Wo hear of dairymen 1 who "are quito resigned to the death of " their cattle should rain not set in -.?^between this and the middle of next " month " (Apriiy^'Every^houBekecpcr., Knows from his' weekly bills how scarce butter'is, and from "his palate how bad is-the little that-is made. Vegetables of all kinds aro difficult to bo obtained, anti often not pleasant to eat when obtained. People around Mel- bourne even, in localities upon whioh the slowly progressing pipes of the Yan Yean Cummissioners have not yet shed their blessings, find the water-carriers claim- ing a not inconsiderable share of their weekly expenses. And yet we are told upon the best authority, that this colony has a mean rainfall " fcaroely inferior, " if not fully equal, to that of Eiigland." The authority to which we refer is Mr. Frederick Aoheson, C.E, writer of the essay on The Collection and Storage of Water in Victoria, whioh stands first of the four "prizi essays" so long expooted, and so recently published. This esB&y; carries with it moro than the authority of an intelligent professional man, who has devoted his attention to the subject. It is tho one of several oompetitivo essays sent in by aspirants for the premium offered by Government for the best essay on each of four given subjeoto, of whioh the first was Tbo Collection and Storage of Water in Viotoria for Gold- washing, Irrigation, Motive Power, and General Water Sup- ply : with reference also to tho practi- cability of Artesian Wells in certain Localities. And tho committee oon Bidered this of those sent in to be the one best entitled to the premium of " one hundred and fifty pounds ster "ling, with a medal." It is satisfactory to know, as Mr. Acheson says, that notwithstanding the diminished rsinfall, an ample supply will always bo available for collection, " if only from the contribution of " pcriodioal heavy rains whioh happen " during the driest years." Ho adds, " tho question of wator supply beoomes " thu9 practically limited to cconomi " cal storage capabilities," It is found that in Victoria the rain falls upon a generally impervious surface, unsuited to its absorption, and hence passes rapidly to tho sea, leaving the beds of watercourses dry for a certain part of tho year. How to prevent " the enor " mous loss, whioh forms a serious draw " back to the mining, agricultural, and " pastoral interests, forms a question of " thehighest importance to thoinduitrial " advancement of the colony," and the subject of the essay wo have beforo us. The average rainfall is estimated to bo twenty-live inohes in the year, whioh gives " a mean result of 381,668,000 " tons of water over the whole area of " tho oolony." The general surface upon which this falls is of an impervious, non-absoibent nature; and this, com- bined with its undulating and steep character, leads to a rapid discharge of a large percentage of the rain into water- courses, and thenoo to the sea ; at once oausing, says tho csbayist, destruotive floods and subsequent drought, from the sudden and intermittent nature of the disahargo. But although these peculi- arities of climate and geological formation eauBO tho oolony to bo defi- cient in permanent supplies, Mr. Acheson tells us that it is singularly favoured in its physical structure for tho economical storage of water; its numberless valleys permitting of dams beiDg raado aoross thom. The leading gullies in the auriferous districts arc found to contain many sites admirably adapted for storage, from their moderate fall and largo capacity. " In some " cases, at the foot of the great dividing " range, the creeks rising there pose " through deep and occasionally wide " valleys, with a fall of about ono in " two hundred, and where short dams " might be constructed that would hold " back large bodies of water." Tho Yan Yean reservoir is instanced as proving the possibility of obtaining a largo supply of water for storage from very small visible sources ; and also as showing the importance, in chosing Bites for reservoirs, of taking care to " com " mand as high levels and supply as " large an area as possible." Upon this part of his subject, Mr. Aoheson BBys: " Tho most remunerativo adaptation of storage water must evidently be where it is possible first to take advantage of the height of wator in the reservoir, tis a motive power for machinery, such as for quartz-crushing ; and when that power is spent-in the fall, using the same water unde teriorated for ordinary wator supply, embracing gold-washing, irrigation, domestic uso, he. Thus, a double duty may bo obtained, and the expendi- ture upon a 'system of reservoirs throughout tho populous districts mny bo moro remunerative. The Yan Yean water, before entering Melbourne, could in this manner be made available for an actual mo- tive power of 800 horses per day, without, in any way, sacriGcing.thercquirementB of thoeity.nB there would still be left 'a head of 150 feet to command tho supply of the same water to all tho houses. This power would bo ablo to break 1,820,000 cubio yards of road-metal in the yenr (assuming onc-horso power for only six cabio yards), at a cost of one farthing per cubio yard, an amount sufficient for 345 railes of road, laid thirty feet wide with nine inches of broken stone. This will Bhow the vast importance of designing reser- voirs with the double yiow of motive power and water supply." This question of the motive power gained by damming back large bodies of water, forma a prominent feature ia the calculations as to expense throughout the essay. Wo must- reserve for future notioo portions of the essay of muoh interest, relating to tho utilization of the lakes and lagoons of the counties of Hampden, Heytesbury, Grenville, and Polwarth, and to tho supply of water to tho plains. Wohavo papors from Sydney to March 28, and our full files from Tasmania to March 29. It has so happened that the general publio of Victoria have had no opportunity of letting off any of that high-pressure national feeling which our late " difficulty" with the Federal States of America has occasioned. But while that good senBQ and calm judgement^ for which Queen Vic- toria's subjects are not undistinguished has sub- dued tho moro ardent of our citizens as a col leotivo body, individual loyalty has been in some cases utterly unable to keep itself quite under. A oase, which was " called on" at the Sandridge Police-court yesterday, will illustrate this. The story may be told thus :-On Wednesday last all Sandridge was burning with a desire that the All England Eleven should not sail by the out- going mail steamer without some token that the , (good people of that somt- marine locality signified «heir regret that the cricketers were leaving, and mingled triumph in the fact that they had come at all.- One item of that pnblio was Mr. Alfred J. Johnson, who, as an- American citizen, displayed his emotion by, hoisting flags in the visitors' behalf. He had on his pre- mises a flagstaff, with a sort cf gaff at- tached, at the end of which he caused to float; the old Union Jack, while at the masthead, in the post of honour, the flag of the Federal States, the ordinary stars and stripes, fluttered in the breeze. AU this was gall to Mr. Riohard Banner, boa' proprietor of Sandridge, who forthwith looked upon his country as, insulted. His] loyalty could not brook dolay in its demonstration, and ho forthwith rushod to the liouso of Mr. T. Swallow, chairman of tbe Sandridge Municipal Council, and, of courso, a magiBti ato. His first ques.ton was, what Mr. Swallow thought of "that" (pointing to tbo offending gaff and boastful masthead) ? Mr. Swallow tried to calm the indignant seaman, but failed. Mr, Banner, disgusted with the obvious discouragement, pro- ceeded in hot haste to Mr. Johnson'» premises, scaled tho palings, and finally, hauling down tho halyards, trailed the federal flag in the sand, aud hoisted tho Union Jack to the masthead. As might bo expected, Mr. Alfred J. Johnson did not approve of this, and he forthwith sought for satisfaction. To his mind the best modo of obtaining this was, strange to say, to summon Mr. Banner to the police-court for trespass. Tho Bununons was daly obtained, nnd, was to have been heard yesterday, but eithor the affair had been settled or Mr. Alfred J. Johnson thought hotter of it, for there was no appearanco when the oaso wau called on, and it was forthwith dismissed. It may be re- marked, that neither slars nor etripcB, nor union jack, have since appeared on the flagstaff in ques- tion. Our war steamor, the Victoria, arrived in Hobson'« Bay yesterday, on her return from the Gulf of Carpen'aria. Captain Norman came ashore early in tbe afternoon, and proceeded to the Government-offices, and was there received by His Excellency the Governor, with whom he had a lengthy interviow. Captain Norman bringa voluminous despatches, which no doubt, on the return of the Chief Secretary from BulUrat, will bo handed over to the press for publication. At the Fitzroy Police-court yesterday, Mr. M'Lollan, of the Belvidere Hotel, Collingwood, brought a chargo of assault against JIr. Reid, who had been staving for somti time at the Bel- videre. Mr. Campbell, another of Mr, M. -el- lan, boarders, it was stated, had been a witness of the assault. It appeared thut a Miss Knox, who has also been residing at the hotel for a short time, was at the bottom of the wholo nffuir. ' To her tho complainant had spoken in uncomplimen- tary terms of the defendant, as it was al- leged for the defence, with the purposo of fur- thering tho complainant's own view regarding the young lady. Miss Knox was indiscreet enough to repeat Mr. M'Lellan's observations to Mr. Reid, and the result was an interview in that gontle man's bedroom, in the course of which the com- plainant was hti'id to havo applied to the defendant the terms "You're a liar and a cheat," whereupon tho latter al once administered personal chastise* ment to the former. Witnesses were examined on both sides, and ultimately tho bench ordered the defendant to pay 40j. and costs, for the assault. William Warren, a cabman, charged a man named Stow with having, whilo riding in his car, seized hold of the reins, and then made uso of them in uuoh a way as to throw down the horse, and do damage both to the animal and the car. The defendant had agreed to be driven to a certain place, and thinking that the cabman was taking the wrong road, he had taken, tho means descitbed of putting him right. De- fendant was ordered to pay JE6 12a., including costs. The ordinary general meeting of tho M'lvor Caledonian Quartz Mining Company was held yesterday afternoon, at 28 Collins-street west. Mr. Michael Mitchell occupied the chair. The minutes of the previous meeting having been read a.d confirmed, the chairman read the report of the directors and balance sheet, from both of which it appeared that the affairs of tho company were in anything but a satisfactory state, although ! there tins some prospect of the mine doing better than it had done, under the new mannger who had been recently appointed. Tho outstanding liabilities of the company were, however, upwards of £10,000, and the directors, who had advanced large sums on behalf of .the company without guarantee for indemnification, but who were not desirous of increasing further expendi- ture in the same manner, recommended that a mortgage on the company's plant should bo given for six months, in such a mannor as tho secretary would nftor-tards ex plain. A rvpuit ima «loo ie.»d from a Mr. Man duit, with reference to the state of the mine and the future prospeots of the company. Tho report, on tho whole, was favourable. A good deal oE irregular and confused diEcussion then took place with regard to the report, the balance-sheet, the etato of tho mine, and the affairs of tho company generally, and many of the shareholders present appeared to be of tbo opinion that the liabilities of tho company had been incurred by the directors without due authority. This view of the caso was resented by the chairmnn and Mr. Siehel, one oE the directors. Tho latter especially contended that the shareholders bad all along been aware of what was being dono ; and he pointed out that he and his fellow direotors had been under the ne- cessity of applying large suma out of their own pockets in payment of works dono for the com- pany. The directors, he added, had no other object in view than to relieve the shareholders from their difficulties, and to bring the mine into a paying condition. It was ultimately agreed, on the motion of Mr. Walker, poconded by' Mr. , Siehel, that a call of 5s. per share Bhciuld be j made, a portion of (ho proceeds to go to pay off a fow prensiug accounts, and the remainder to the further working of the mino., It was nlso agreed, on the motion of Mr, Jones, seconded by, Mr. Attonborougb, that the report and balance sheet should be printed, and that tho meeting should adjourn until Thursday, tho 10th of April. The meeting then separated. ; A special meeting of shareholders in tho Eagle hawk (Tarrengower) Quartz- mining Association was held, yeslerday, at the Shakspearo Hotel, Collins- street west. Mr. William Saltroe, di- rector, presided, and stated that ho had called the meeting for the purpose of chowing the present position of the company's affairs, and obtaining an expression of opinion as to what should be done in tho future All tho funds were exhausted, and the amount obtained from the tributaries was not moro than sufficient to pay tho office expenses, whioh wore about £3 10s. per week, and this source of income might fail at any moment. The only courso open seemed to be to raise money to prospect the deep grourd. The shaft was no more - than 180 feet deep, and tho general im- pression in Maldon was that there was as good a "prospect" in that Bhaft as in any mine on the place, and that to sink forty or fifty feet fur ther would bo attended by profitable results. Tho Maldon shareholders had held a meeting, and were willing to pay Gd. per share towards the deep sinking, if tho majority of tho proprietors would consent to do likewise. In reply to ques- tions, tho chairman said that the company owed nothing, and the cost of sinking would bo about £10 er foot. The amount that would be raised n call of Cd. per share (£500) vtould probably not bo sufficient to prospeot the ground ; at the same time, they might not sink ten feet without coming on gold. In the oom_o of the discussion which followed, it transpired that a large number of shares were sold reoeutly in Melbourne for Is, 8d. per share. Several suggestions were made. One was that there should be a call of Is. per share ; another, that the management should be removed to Mel- bourne ; and a third was, that the plant should be put up to nuotion.and that the money realised should be divided rateably among the share- holders. It was considered, however, that, as the meeting, was thinly attended, it would be useless coming to a decision ; and the chairman having undertaken to see the larger shareholders, and ascertain their feeling in the matter, an adjournment took place until Wednesday. The weekly meeting of the Melbourne City Council was appointed to commence yesterday at noon, instead of, as usual, at half-past two o'clock p.m., in order to allow time for the hear- ing of appeals against the valuations of buildings and tenements made by the city valuators, after the disposal of the other business on the paper. Up to twenty minutes past twelve o'clock, only three members of the counoil were present, namely-Alderman Keeley, and Councillors Gold- smith and Jones ; and as the law requires that ' there muitbon quorum-seven members-present before, twenty minutes elapse to constitute, a legal meeting, no business could bo transacted. Four clear dayB* notion will have to bo given beforo another meeting can take place. " The inquest on the body of Mary Walton, hold on Saturday, at the White Hart Hotel,'' BoyB the Ballarat Slar, " occupied tho coroner and jury from midday till half-past three o'clock in the afternoon. James Walton, who was already in custody, on remand, for assaulting his wife, was present, in charge of a constable, and sat apparently unconcerned throughout. At the cIoeo of tbo inquest Walton asked the coroner what was the charge upon which ho had to bo committed. The coroner read over to him tho verdict o£ tho jury, and then informed him be was committed to take his trial for manslaughter. He received tho announcement without apparent discomposure, and vi an marobed off to the lock- up in Lydinrd-Btreet, handcuffed. Wo learn that Walton bOB before been in prison for man- slaughter, and for other minor offences." Wo aro indebted to Captain Hybert, of tho Lord Raglan, for the Southern Crota (Invercar- gill, New Zealand,) to March 8. A special meeting of the Fitzroy Rifles will be held at the Council-chambers, Webb-street, this evening, at oight o'clock, " make arrange- ments respecting encampment." .. Instruction-drill in camp duties, preparatory to the encampment, will bo given to the Volun- teer Artillery, at the Prince's Bridge Barracks, every afternoon, at half-pait four o'clock. The monthly meeting of the Melbourne Proper Rifles will bo held this evening, at eight o'clock, at tho Duke of Rothsay Hotel, "to make ar- rangements for the encampment." A general meeting of the 1st St. Kilda Rifles will be held in the Court-house, at eight o'clock, this evening. In another column appear the regulations as to tho rifle matches during the coming Werribee Encampment. Thora aro to be three matches, and a large number of prizes, varying in value from £5 to £200. The Bast Collingwood Munioipal Counoil mot, as usual, last cvoning ; Councillor Noon being in the chair. The other councillors present were Messrs. Turnbull, Petherick, Reeves, and Flock- hart. A letter was read from the Department of Lands and Survey, announcing that the Crown grant of the land for the municipal abattoirs would be issued in a fortnight. The letter vvas referred to the Finance Committee. A petition was presented, complaining of the neglected stato of Lithgoir-street, off Sirapson's road, and praying for remedial measures. Tho pe- tition was received, and referred to the Publio Works Committee. A memorial similar na- ture, in reference to the unfinished state of Park street, was dealt with in the same manner. The report of the Public Works Comraitteo, reoom mending certain tv oiks, was adopted ; as also the report of the Finance and Rito Committee, ro commending payments to the amount, for the week, of £100 3». Sd. The chairmau having obtained a suspension of the standing orders, moved a resolution empowering the municipal inspector to dischargo his public duties fpr the future without the necessity of consulting any member of the council, or oommittee of the samo, and holding him responsible to the council alone. The resolution was unanimously adopted. Tho town clerk read the draft of an address of condolence tho Queen on the occasion of tho death of tho late Prince Con- sort^ Tho address was unanimously adopted. Several notioes of motton were given, and the council adjourned. An inquest was held Ly Dr. Youl, yesterday, on the body of Thomas Carmody, the man who was found drowned in the river Yarro, near Throckmorton. Wharf, on Saturday morning last. The circumstances appeared in The Argus of yesterday. The jury returned n verdict of " Found Drowned." At the City Court yesterday a man named John Rogers was charged with committing se- veral nets of petty larceny at the Melbourne Hospital, where ho had been for some time a patient. The Bench found him " Quilty," and sentenced him to two months' imprisonment, with haid labour. A young man, named Henry Hamilton, was charged, at the City Court, yesterday, with uttering a forged cheque for £20 on tho land- lord of the L unb Inn, Melbourne. Tho prisoner was remanded lill Wednesday next. Dr. Youl held an inquost yesterday at the Mel- bourne Hospital, on the body of James Heales. From tho evidence it appeared that on tho morn- ing of the 29th ultimo, the deceased was found lying in a sttito of insonstbility in a right- of-way off Elizabeth-street, near the Times Hotel. He was taknn by a constable to the hospital, and died a few hours afterwards. He was a great drunkard-so much so as to bo soarcely ever sober, and was about forty years of ago. The jury found that ho had died from " Apoplexy." An inquest w.-w held at tho hospital yesterday, beforo Dr. Youl, on tho body of John Davis, whose death occurred on the 28th ultimo, under tho following ciroumstances. On Wednesday last the deceased went to thehouse of awomannamed Sarah O'Reilly, and asked to bo allowed to stop there. Tho woman refused, the man being half drunk at the timo. The next morning, on going i into a couch- house, situated at tho back of her premises, she found the deceased lying on tho ground, insensible. He was taken to the hospi- tal, and diod tho followine; day j agod forty-nine. Tho jury found that ho had diod " from conges- tion of tho brain, caused by constant intoxioa tion." The Melbourne nnd Suburban Railway was held by auction yesterday, Mr. Hammill acting for Messrs. Fraser and Cohen. The upset price was £46,800, and the price realised was £47,500, sub- ject to bonds amounting to £115,300, which are to be converted into mortgages on the rolling stock and undertaking. The purchaser was Mr. Patrick Higgins, who gave the names of Hugh Glass, Robt. Caldwell, — Filson, W. J. Clarke, and Alexander Joske, as his co-partners. Yesterday, a special train passed over the line of railway between Melbourne and Ballarat. The train consisted of an engine and four carriages. Amongst the company were the Chief Secretary, the Commissioner of Railways, the Commissioner of Public Works, the engineer-in-chief, and a large party of influential members of the com- munity. The train left Spencer-street station at a quarter-past ten o'clock a.m., and reached Ballarat—a distance of ninety- four or ninety- five miles — at a quarter to three p.m., upwards of an hour having been spent at the Moorabool viaduct, where a handsome lunch was provided by Messrs. Williams and Co., the contractors. The return journey was com- menced at a quarter past four p.m. Geelong Junction was reached in an hour and forty minutes, and Melbourne at a quarter-past seven p.m. The run from Ballarat was thus made in three hours, including stoppages and a detention of some ten minutes at Duck Ponds station, of the Geelong line, to allow a train to pass. The formal opening of the line will take place on the 10th inst., when His Excellency, we believe, will take part in the proceedings of the day, and the two municipal councils of Ballarat will celebrate the occasion by a public dinner arid ball. On the 11th, the rail- way will be opened for public traffic. We learn that Major-General Pratt will be in- vested with the Order of the Bath on the 15th inst. by His Excellency the Governor, as the representative of Her Majesty. His Excellency will give a state banquet on the occasion. The ceremony will take place in the Exhibition Building. Mr. W. J. Clarke, met the electors of Brighton last night, at the Prince Albert Hotel ; Mr. R. Keys in the chair. The meeting was numerously attended. After a lengthened expla- nation of the candidate's political principles, it was moved by Mr. Handle, seconded by Mr. Sacre, that Mr. Clarke was a fit and proper person to represent Brighton in the Legislative Assembly. The contrary was moved, as an amendment, by Mr. Otter, seconded by Mr. Younghusband, and carried. At the conclusion of this meeting, Mr. Younghusband was voted to the chair, when it was unanimously carried that Mr. George Higinbotham was the most fit and proper person to represent the constituency of Brighton in the Legislative Assembly, and the meeting resolved itself into a committee to secure his return. As our readers must be tolerably well aware, the suburban district of Fitzroy has been con- siderably agitated of late by the efforts of a portion of the ratepayers to prevent the Municipal Council of Fitzroy from obtaining powers to borrow £5,000 for furthering local improvements. A memorial upon this subject has lately been pre- pared, and after being circulated in the district, has been signed by those opposed to the loan, and finally presented to the hon. the Chief Secretary. As a sort of climax to the agitation, a public meeting was held last evening, at the Rob Roy Hotel, with a view to elicit a still further expression of opinion on the subject. About 150 persons were present, and the chair was taken by Mr. D. Young, who opened the meeting with the usual formalities. Mr. Mills moved the first resolution, the effect of which was to appoint Messrs. A. Kyte, J. Sinclair, J. C. Riddell, D. Young, W. Scotch- mere, Lazarus, Dethridge, and Shearer, as a depu- tation to wait on the Chief Secretary the follow- ing morning, to support the memorial above alluded to, and express the "strong feeling of the ratepayers on the subject." The speaker con- tended that if the council wanted the money, they could easily raise it by imposing a two shilling rate,which would easily divide the burden. Mr. N. Whyte seconded the resolution, pointing out that the schedule of works which the loan would provide for would not affect either Bell- street or Victoria-street, or several portions of Gore-street, as well as the lower portion of Bruns- wick-street. Mr. M'Kean asked that the memo- rial might be placed before the meeting. Some delay ensued, during which the chairman stated that he had signed the memorial, but had not read it, its purport having been explained to him. Great laughter followed this announcement, amidst which a printed copy of the memorial was pro- duced and read. Mr. Jacobs and several other persons declared at once that they had never yet seen the document in question ; and Mr. M'Kean said he had seen a copy of the actual memorial which was forwarded to the Chief Sec- retary, which was as different from the printed copy circulated in the district " as chalk from cheese." A roar of interruptions followed this remark. Several persons called Mr. M'Kean to order, for speaking without moving an amend- ment ; and one individual, a Mr. Topping, urged upon the chairman that no one had any right to speak against a motion till every one of its supporters had been heard. The chair- man said he would allow Mr. M'Kean five minutes—an offer which was accepted, on the condition that the meeting would keep order. This those present refused to do, and a confused medley of sounds, repeated at continually re- curring intervals and lasting several minutes, totally drowned Mr. M'Kean's voice. Some per- sons cried for order, and when order was restored other persons assured the meeting they had never seen the petition ; after nearly every one of which statements the existing uproar would be qua- drupled. During the necessary pauses for breath, Mr. M'Kean contrived to denounce the memorial, as not an expression of the general feelings of the municipality, for while it was said 800 persons had signed it, there were 2,500 rate- payers in the municipality. Moreover, he in- stanced several cases—that of a Mr. Langton, of Young-street, being one—of ratepayers who had admitted having signed the memorial upon a misrepresentation ; and he asked what would be result when the proceedings of such a " hole- and-corner" meeting were reported to the world ? The chairman here interfered, and declared that Mr. M'Kean's object was to create a disturbance. This Mr. M'Kean warmly denied, stating that the responsibility of putting him down should rest on the chairman; and, henddod, that thereal memo- rial urged upon the Exeoutivo that tho rate- payers preferred o two-shilling rate to the loan, which was a gross inconsistency upon the part of those who had over and over again forced tho councillors at their elections to pledge themselves to a shilling rato. While Mr. M'Kcan was speaking the chairman put tho motion, which was carried by a majority'of about forty to four- teen, a very large number of those present not voting. Whilo this was being done, Mr. M'Kean continued to denounce the me- morial na a fraud and an insult to His Excel- lency's common sense, as it was so different to tho dooumcnt signed. A variety of imitations of the ories of animals almost drowned the re- mainder of tho speech, but it was understood to finish with a protest against the wholo proceed- ings, which was joinod in by several persons in different parts of the room, Quiet being.restored, Mr. Dethridge moved a resolution denouncing the conduct of tho Fitzroy Municipal Council to- wards Councillor Bryant, as "vulgar, low, and ungentlomanly." There was a laugh when Lthese words woro repeated, but several persons subsequently applauded, and the resolution being seconded by Mr. Keene, was carried, about one-fourth of those present voting for it, five hands being hold up againat it. Mr. Myers then moved a resolution, charging all the councillors, except Councillor Groom and Coun- cillor Bryant, with having broken their pledges. It was seconded, and carried with some haste, as the meeting abruptly broke up. In another column wo publish a copy of tho printed petition which was circulated in the municipality, and also of that whioh was forwarded to the Chief Secretary. ' Mr. Joseph Jefferson, an American comedian who comes to Molbourno with a high reputation, gained in his own country and endorsed by the Sydney playgoers, made his début at tho Prin- cess's Theatre last evening, in the presonco of an unusually large assemblage. Tho pieces per- formed were " Rip Van Winkle" and tho bur- lesque of " Mazeppa." So far as a proper opinion of Mr. Jefferson's merits may be arrived at from a first acquaintance, he appears to deserví, in every respect, tho very favourable opinions whioh have been elsowhero formed of him. His style ¡snow to tho Melbourne boards, and there eecms no reason to doubt that ho will booomo n general favourite Throughout tho whole of " Rip Van Winkle"-in whioh, as a matter of course, per- haps, considerable liberties have been taken with the fine old story-ho succeeded in engaging the earnest attention of his audience, and ho twice received the honour of an encore. Tho scene in which Rip is tempted into tho prcsenco of the ghosts of Hendrick Hudson and his men, nnd where ho drinks tho ghostly liquor which sends him into his long sleep of twenty years, was one of tho best and m08t effective of the whole piece, both as* regards Mr. Jefferson's acting and the Bcenery. The awaking of old Rip from his lengthened tranco, and his return in search of his horne, where he finds everything. changed, and not ono of his old > friends or acquaintances to recognize him, aro also special features of tho pieco ; and the same may be eaid of the cloning scene, where Bin is recognized by the lover of his daughter, and brought1 homo in timo to givo a happy termination to the piece. In answer to applause on the fall of the curtain, Mr. Jefferson made hh "appearance, and1 briefly returned thanks for tho cordial recoption with which ho had been met, and promised tho audi- ence still moro amusement and pleasure in the pieco which was to follow-a promiso whioh was amply fulfilled. In " Mazeppa" Mr. Jefferson gave tbe audience another and quite different specimen of his ability, and by'his capital acting, singing, and dancing continued to add largely to the very favourable opinion whioh bad been already formed regarding bim. It is only fair to his supporters-especially to Miss Green, Mr. Stewart, and Mr. Milne-in the two pieces to say that they added greatly by their efforts to the success of the evening's performances. 