TO THE BARBER'S GHOST. By Dudley Cobtello. \r ' There had so' long been a succession of Eng- " lisb families at the Chatau de Fleurval, that , the old gardener who was a fixture there, had managed to pick up a good deal of the lan guage he so constantly heard, and was nble to Bpeak it intelligibly. He did not, accordingly neglect his acquirement, but whenever he had an opportunity, which was often enough, would talk with the servants, and tell them strange stories of the place, till at length he succeeded in fairly convincing them that the house was haunted. It may readily he believed that those who heard these stories did not keep th'em' to themselves ; secret keeping is not the habit of their class. The children heard them in whispers, and the whispers spread till they reached the oars of Mr and Mrs M'Granite, etroug minded person; both, but not alto gether inaccessible to superstition. 'I bey, of course, discouraged all such 'idle clavers ; but soy what they pleased, they could not pre- vent'oo uncomfortable feeling, a sense of some thing ' uncanny,' from prevailing, of which tliey had their share. Nothing, however, had chanced to occur in the shape of personal ex perience to confirm the rumoured ghostly visitation, and Mr M'Granite had far too much worldly wisdom, to think, like his predecessors of shifting his ground before he was actually invaded. ' Let's ha'e nae mair o' this nonsens,' he said, somewhat angrily, when the subject wnSvbt6ached by the fireside, one dark October evening, by Sandy, the eldest of the red haired tribe, 'let's hae nae mair o' this daft nonsense about long bearded sparrits, and Turks, and Calmucks, and Scotch barbers, and the Lord knows what ! Gang till yer beds every one o' ye — und mind that I dunna come round wi' a good birch twig to fright ye in good earnest !' Let no one" say that thrift was at the bottom of this abrupt dismissal, though Mr M'Granite fully appreciated the ad vantage of not wasting fire and candle ; let us rather set it to the right account— a laudable, desire to keep the courage of his lamily, by throwing contempt upon all supernatural mani festations, Domestic affairs, into which it is not necessary to enter, had so arranged the in. ternal economy of the Chateau de Fleurval, that Mr M'Granite slept alone, aloof from the part ner of his bosom. 'His bedchamber, "a large oblong room, was situated on the. first floor, at the foot of the turret : that flanked the wes tern extremity of the 1 building, 'mention of watch has already been made. . There was a door of communication between this room and the turret, but it had not been opened since the M'Granitc3 caihe to the chateau, and was generally supposed to be barred outside,' as well as bolted, and locked within. Mr M'Granite. therefore, always went to roost as calmly as the old white owl — Hulot — be was. calledr-that occupied the dilapidated tenement over ' head. Mr M'Granite's bedchamber thougli large and lofty, was not a cheerful look ing place. The windows, of which there were two at each end, were curtainless and bare ; . the poele of blue china, with iis long tubular chimney that ran up to the ceiling and disap peared through the wall, was suggestive of cold rather than heat, for it never held a fire. The parquet consisted, not of polished wood, but of dull red tiles, and not an inch of carpet kept the feet from their chilly contact; as to . tbe-bed, it was high and broad, and naked of aspect, hangings having been thought a super fluity. The furniture of the room corresponded with the rest of theapartment — an old fauteul of faded yellow velvet, and three or four chairs to match, being all it contained. I forgot; there was also by the bed head a smallfaJZe de nuit, on which Mr M'Granite set bis candle while he prepared for his couch; on the night that witnessed the Btern ejectment . froin the salon, but three or four hours later, Mr; M'Granite withdrew to his rest as usual. He had previously occupied himself with a book, selecting one from his scanty : library that treated of the topography and antiquities of his own part of Scotland, partly from the entertainment he always found it — often as he had read it through — and partly to distract his thoughts from local objects, . The book was in bis hand even .after he went to bed, but ho did not read long ; the cold' made him shiver. He put out the light, buried, his head beneath the clothes, and very 'soon' was fast asleepi making quite as much noise as gold Hulot, but in a different key, , It is ' all very well to pull the bed clothes over your head, but the thing. is to keep them there. This, , appa rently .Mr M'Granite was not able to do f for,- cold as he was when he lay down, he woke up absolutely starved, with not a particle of cover ing over him save the garment he slept in. It was no accidental displacement the counter pane, 'blanket-, and sheet had been " literally Btrinned off. and were tossed in a bean over the foot over the bed. To his astonishment, the light, which he had put out, was burning, and, tOfhis greater astonishment, there stood at his bedside a figure at least six feet high with small blue eyes, that glared like those of a hyena, and a long white beard that reached its middle. The costume of the figure was also remarkable. On its head it wore a flat velvet cap of some dark color, a loose white linen jacket attired its upper half, black cali- mauco breeches and grey stockings arrayed Ub nether extremities ; its feet were thrust into heelluss slippers , and at- its waist dangled a long white apron, with an enormous pocket in front; from which projected the handles of various instruments. In its large bony hands it held — in the left a soap dish, in the right a shaving brush, Mr M'Granite took all these things at a glance ; indeed, he had not time for more, as the moment he opened his eyes the figure addressed him in words which, though smacking of his native tongue, had in i them something of a foreign accent. 'Ye'll ; be wanting a shave in the morn,' said the ' figure, with a flourish of the brush towards hirq >' Get up, mon, and set yersel doon in yon chair. I'sc handle ve !' M'Granite was. for a few seconds, utterly bewildered. Was the legend true, then, which Sandy had poured into his brothers' and sisters' ears, about the i Scotch- barber's ghost, and all the rest of it? |Was he to be the phantom's victim, to he |Bbavcd against his will, and beaten after- iwards? The figure seemed capable of exerci sing both functions. He looked a master of |bis craft, and hia stature and length of limb hvcre formidable. Was what he saw a reality or only a diBagreenhlc dream ? Further con jecture was not permitted him, for the figure, in a voice of thunder, and in. Lowland Scotch i of the broadest and most profane, bade him : hunker doon' in tho arm chair, and tuck the r napkin about him, which he drew from hia ca pacious pocket and Hung into Mr M'Granite's 'ace. ' Hot water'sscarce in these parts,' said . |he figure, lathering Mr M'Grauito's face 1 With fearful velocity. ' It's aye hetter wharl \- lam frae — main's the pietel' The application , corned,, in fact, as cold us ice, and Mr fl'Granit's jaws rattled liko a pair of nut crack Is 1 y'W ' - era. ' ' ' Bide' still,' said the figure ; ' I'll gar ye greet before n's dune 1' Out came the glitter ing steel ; hastily it was dropped on one horny hand; the next moment Mr M'Gra nite's nose was rung with a vigorous tweak, and then, with lightning flashes, the razor skimmed his cheeks — up strokes, down strokes, side strokes, and back strokes, all were executed with a dexterity that Mr M'Granite might have dwelt upon as mar vellous, if the whole affair had not been the most marvellous thing that had ever befallen him. It seemed less like the ordinary pro cess of shaving than an effect of electricity, done, as it were, in the twinkling of an eye, Mr M'Granite, it must be owned, would gladly have prolonged this part of the tran saction, for he gave a shrewd guess what was to follow. He trembled in every limb, and when the figure told him to stand up, ye could hardly keep his legs. But, instead of committing the fell assault he dreaded, the figure glided into the chair which he had just quitted, and diviug again into the large pocket, drew forth an enormous pair of scissors, which he held towards Mr M'Gran ite. ' Can ye Bhave a body ?' demanded the figure. Luckily Mr M'Granite was t a Scotchman, and interpreted the vernacular correctly. ' The muckle deil himzel could na do it better,' he replied. ' My certe,' said the figure. ' but ye're a bauld ane ! Clip away and spare not ;' and with a nod of its head, the figure' jerked its beard into Mr M'Granite's band. He set to in good earn- est. BaBt as snow flakes fell the long, white waving hairs, till nothing hut a close thick set stubble was left, Then he ground in the -soap like a housemaid scouring a door step, deep amidst the furrows ploughed the sha ving brush and; with all the muscular action he could command, sawed away amongst the bristles as if he were a backwoodsman making a clearance. ' Deil hae me,' Baid the figure, ' hut that's past prayin for — ye're a canny chield, Ye handle a razor maist as well as I do mysel. You'll no belong to the profes sion ?' Mr M'Granite replied in the negative. ' It's au ancient and an honorable one,' said the figure, thoughtfully. '"We were aye callit barber surgeons in my time — not sha vers ! What are ye, mon ?' ' A Scotch man,' returned Mr M'Granite. ' I kent that by your tongue,' said the figure. ' What part of Scotland ?' ' My native place is Dun fermline,' Baid Mr M'Granite. ' And mine,' said the figure, ' is Kircau'dy ! Deil's in me but we'ere neehors ! Are any o' the Family o' Kickup still livin' ?'. ' My wife, Janet Kickup, is the last o' her race.' ' Ye dinna say sae ! Gies your hand, mon. Blude's thicker than water ; you'll no be the waur for this, I'm thinkin'.' The figure seized Mr M'Granite's hand and squeezed it till the bones cracked again. When it waB at length released, the figure stroked its own chin, apparently with great satisfaction. ' I never thoct,' it said, 'that the day wad come when I should be free o' my beardie ! Lang, lang, hae I watched and waited ; mony's the carl I hae shaved mysel. but deil a one till noo hae had the courage to tackle wi' me. A wheen daft bodies, starin' and gugglin' when I spak to them, as if they could na under stand ! But I raddled their hones for 'em ! Ech, sirs, hut I keckt you about like foot ba's ; ye canna sae ye did na get your fairin' !' The figure laughed loudly, as it recalled the punishment inflicted on the previous occupant of the chamber, and Mr M'Granito began to quake again. ' There's nae need for ye to shiver mon! Y've broken the spell. I'm clean shaved, reclit through wi't ; and now I'll gang back to my grave, and sleep in peace!' But I've aye a story to tell, so set yersel' doon and listen'.' Mr M'Granite did as heL was commanded, and the figure pro ceeded : — ' My name, when I lived i' the flesh,, was Davie' Kickup. I was first valet and barber to the Yarl o' Tommietool, We were out in the Eefteen, and suld hae been in the Forty five, but my lord he behoved to hae a bad' fit o' the gout the day the Chevalier left for Scotland, and he could na follow him. The Forty-five's an auld tale noo, and ye'll may he hae heard aneach o't ; moreover, it .has nothin' to do wi' us. Wull, my lord Tommietool he lived in great state here in this Chateau de Fleurval. Ech, sirs, but there were rare doings in those days ! The runlets o' Bordeaux and Nantz we emptied might have floated the English navy. . And the womankind, and the dancin' and feastin' and pleasurin' — but as Jon Knox, the worthy man used to say. of a' sic like vanities it could na> last. Whiles it did, tho', we'd' a gay time o't, and Madame Esme, — she was a Turkish lady, sib wi' my lord, ye ken, — she ye queened it away like Madame Pomperdoor hersel. The precious stanes that glittered on Madame Esme's dress were worth a king's ransom, hut their glitter was just darkness to the light that shone in her ee. But my lord's gaen, aud she's gaen, and a' the abbes, aud markisses, and officers, and and fine leddies, they're a' gaen — and whar they're gaen to I needn't to say ! Madame Esme, she died of a fever, and the Yarl o' Tommietool, he died o' drink grievin' for her loss. The nicht my lord died, I sot by his bedside, and received his latest breath. But a little before the last gasp — ho'd been silent for some time— be raised himself up- and said ; — ' Davie, my man,' — he aye ca'd me Davie — 'ye've shavit me hundreds o' times.' ' Yes, my lord,' says I, ' and'I hope to shave ye hundreds mair!' 'Ye'll not do -that Da vie,' says he ; ' ye'll never shave me hut ance, and that w'll be when I'm cauld and dead.' ' Ye maunna speak o' deein' my lord,' Bays I. ' Ay, Davie, but I maun,' says he. And then my lord gave a deep groan. Pre sently he spoke again — ' Davie,' says my lord, ' you and I hae been great sinners. I'm thinking we'll burn for't.1 ' Speak for yersel my lord,' says I ; ' I've nae great fancy for burnin !' ' Then ye'll freeze,' says he. ' May he no' that either, my lord,' savs I, rather nettled to think that a deein' man as he was, should dispose of my soul aB if it was his ain. ' Then I'll tell ye, what, Davie,' cries he in a passion, ' If it's the last word I hae to say, ye's hear it ; if ye winna burn nor freeze, ye shall stay here, barber as ye are, Bhavin' folk to all eternity, till your beard's as laug as my arm, and never a quiet nicht shali yo hae in your grave till ye meet wi" somebody bold aueuch to tak ye by the snout and male ye look like a Christian Davie !' ' And wi' this, in a huff, my lord turned hiB face to the wa', aud never turnod it back again. It was a snir thing, that the words of a man who had led sic a life as the Yarl o' Tommietool should come truo, but so it was ; and here, for a hundred years and mair, have I been shavin', shavin', shavin', and if it had na been for you, Mr M'Granite — I ken your name brawly— hero I should have stayed, as my lord said, to all eternity. But I'm a grateful mind, Mr M'Granite, and' I hae the means o' recompensing your kindness. I made a pretty penny in the service o' the Yarl o' Tom mietool. I was a savin' body, and put by the maist o't. Draw nigh, Mr M'Granite, till I whiBper in your 1-ig.' What the Figure said to Mr M'Granite, nobody ever knew, save him to whom it was told; but in the moments of convi viality, when the whiakey toddy had gone its rounds — after Iiis return to Duuleriuline, with all his affairs happily settled — Mr M'Granite has ofteDjtold the utory of how he once saw a ghost, though nobody could ever make out whether be' was in jest or earnest. 