BBFjfHL MU AT THE ASSISES. UFron'Omcß. A Wetk.) PbssnLTlbereis no-single mental attainment «iori desirable tbaa the entire persuasion that wari constantly nader the guardianship -of a superin tending Fewer of perfect wisdom and beuevolenci capable of converting even the most trivial circnm Stance into aq engine for the accomplishment o His tv¿st- designs. . Sp many and so striking are the instances con atanjiy-. occurring., of, this wonderful fact of i Special Providence, that none but the mosl thoughtless' and -unobservant can fail to, be im- pressed fey them. . ... I am about to-^ive you an instance, of one oi these Providential manifestations. If I entertain any objection to its -recital, it ie becau3e 1 am under, the necessity . of introducing into ray narrative one of tbe ;most absurd and worstau-heñírosted ghost-stories vfbat you. ever hea<d, and which, I assure .you, 'I . have po wish that you should believe, but which, as my , story binges upon it, I am totally nuable to omit.. It-is now. about fourteen <yeats since. I was compelled to,attend the assizes at our county towr| aa 'the junior member of a highly respectable legal firm. .¡Knowing that tberb would be several important cause's, besides.our own, and two or three cases on '. the criminal side, which excited mach public attention, and that thus "the small' county tomi would-be'overwhelmed wUfo visitors, I took tbe precaution of nriting-^tbe night before «ny journey-to- secure beds" for myself and clerk' al the 'principal inn, where I was, of course, well known. The next day I took my nourney, [arriving at Dy'destination* early, in the day. Ifound, as I bad expected, the town crowded with people Î and, on going into- thie hotel, the land- lord informed nae that he bad -received 'my-letter, but ¿that to retain a bedroom for me in his bouse bad* been -absolutely impewible, the hotel being Ulled^.overflowing by otber.persons'who had be- spoken rooms before me. Se had provided one ?mall ' bedroom in a respectable public-bouse, which wauld suit my clerk ; but as to mysel, if O would .confide my sleeping .arrangements to 'his care, he-would ensure m? a handsome apartment and- comfortable bedroom ont-of the . house, and would convey me there in one of his carriages. Being somewhat particular ta the nutter al fileeping>«ecommodation, I thesght it desirable -te inqaire-rnore . particularly where he proposed to Bead me:; 'but as be waa much -pressedfor time, be could, on ly brierly acquaint me, that the - room -in- tended for my u»e was'in a large, unoccupied house standing rather on the outskirts of the town, and that the owner bad been a man of fortune, Which he»hart spent - neither well nor wisely,' and had 'been io conséquence coen pell td to leave England. Tho mansion- itself, which'had two or three balf furnished ?rooms, had been plaeed by the agent at the .disposal cf the landlord of «tb o 1 hotel on thia occacion for tile accommodation of snob customers as be.might/find himself unable to receive at bis own bouse.- There being ne-remedy; 1 waa com- pelled tb submit to this arrangement ; and in a' few 'minutes, the attendance on witnesses, con- sultations with counsel, and thewcsual preparations for going into court, pat the matter entirely out of ray'bead.' . .. My. cause was tho third "on the list.';' The first was understood .to be a short .cause' which would aoon bé'dieposed of; ' the second waa a case relating to a," watercon-se,, which everybody knows io bs one of , tho.most tedious and lengthy óf all ima- ginable -cases; J this, it was expected, would be arranged out o?'court,, iii which .event my cause woujd foe called on early in tb e.course of tfce day., Contrary, ; however, to expectation,, neither, of thesè probabilities occurred, «nd although com pellet to «tay lin court all day, my.oause remained untried. ' .,' '. About six o'clock, therefore, fatigued and men- ially'weary, I repaired to the hotel, where, after s good, dinner, .and a-consultatioa with our leading counsel, I found a comfortable fly ready to take me to ray quarters a' ,about ten o'clock. It is scarcely Heedful to add-that my mind was' 'intensely oe-; ssupied. with the corning trial, the .result of which, : Irorn various circurnstances, wa* of ..more .than,! Ordinary- importance Üo our firm. ' . It struck me. however, that the fly was longer Aban I had expected in conveying me to my place .ejf abode for (be night, and thia circumstance at ¡length ; roused me from, my pre-oocupatian ; and, looking out of tbe window, I perceived that I had left the townf an« was proceeding along a dark lanewhich appeared to 'bave diverged from tho turnpike-road. Ia a few minutes., the .carriage stopped at a garden-doör,<whioh was opened by the driver, who.then proceeded to let me oat of the fly intimating that this was. the houjse" where I was to Sleep, and that he üi^, brought the key,-in ,bis pocket..:, " ..', On getting out of the fly with my small port msnteau, which contained amongst other things, a considerable sum of money, 1 found myself in front of>a large old-fashioned house standing,at the bead pf a desolate, neglected lawn; Ina window on tibe first floor a light was burning ; that : room, the driver informed me, was «ny bedroom. -, The house was locked, and he bad instructions to de- liver the key into rny hands, and to assure me, that I should find everything very comfortable 4 ; and that in the morning, he would bring the fly for me at an early hour to take me to my breakfast at the inn. Bidding the man " good night," I went .towards the mansion, key in band, prepared to forget all troubles in a sound night's rest. The night waa starlight-there waa no moon ; and, but for the little light which glimmered in .? the iwindow, the position of the house and its character would have been scarcely traceable from tbe distance at which I entered by the garden gats, As I advanced it became more defined, and the overgrown wilderness in which it stood gave it a , decided obsracter of desolation. , , , Opening the door with my key, and again care- fully'locking it inside, and securing it with one or two rusty bolts, I weat up-eUirs, the light ' .from a small lamp fixed against the wall of the staircase being my only guide. Aa_I ascended the staircase a momentary feeling of solitude flashed across me ; bat my mind was zoo mnch preoccupied, and my brain too weary, to allow this feeling to develop itself aa it might have done .under other circumstances. . ,, ;: ; A^t the head of the staircase was a long corridor containing three doors ; tbe . handlea iof .'the. .first two I tried as I-went 'along-, and j found both fastened. . , The third, which stood open, waa of my apart- ment! . r,, i ' , " : :.' ' '.: -. I-dweUon these details because, trivial as they may. appear, ' it waj precisely these' sh'ght observa- tions which, I make no doubt, furnished the link of association by which, a strange aqd ,pld:fashioned story - wa» suddenly; drawn forth from "oblivion, and to this I probably owe the preservation of my life. , ?-. . TÇis^old neglected house, the dju-k siairbsse" with ; its bé&vy; oak balustrade, the lofty o»-nr¿dor with it« ^^E8*1^11»» *D« long passagiB' wKvh ats closod np rooms, audneiuy ánayed.mem'aeb/e's 'jp mX ¡¿¿i .gunian. « theactoal scene nf t&> .cbilvUjh «Jepf terror wKch, hs my ?schoolboy days, had w «fl madame hide" my "head Auddéringïy trader 1 bedclothes, and which hal hidden itself, «rrrecalk iofsowe unknown recess of the mind fer npwat of thirty years. Tire room prepared <br me was a large and <co fortahle one ¡two wax-flights were 'burning tm t table, and the materials for a fire had been .' be.Wde the grate. One-only one precaution I toc/k before I g into bed-namely to lock the door ; ibis done, was truly glad to 'lie down to .sleep. To alee¡ did I say^-nay,'but to lie awake and'caurt Ble in vain* The story I hawe alluded to repeated itself in [most minute'details to roy quickened mernot and] kept me1 ia'the most wakeful of ¡all wakef I moods.'1 Tuia-story, with all its puerility, I must BO' I without further preface, relate : ,, , \: '* Once upea a time"-(this, of course, is tbe u varyiBg'formula by which every Bimilar story h ever, been irlroduced from 4¡me immemorial) onee . upon a time , there was a - clergyman wi was, on .some .occasion, required to travel considerable distance from home, through a wi and .mountainons, coantrj, tb take the duty of brother-clergyman. - He was quite a stranaer i the parish to which this d«ty called bim. Besidi preaching a sermon, he had te administer tl sacrament ï immediately after which he set oat c foot) to return homewards, accompanied by. s OK 'few of hi» hearers whose homos lay, in .the san 'direction as bis own. It was winter time, asad « -snow-storm conir on suddenly,'.the ctergyman ;and his party foi their way. ' Arriving at a desolate-lofikiEg house, they d -termmed on asking shíHcr there for the nubt. ?' They found the I »ouse .partly inhabited by ami -who carried un th« trade- of a potter, encl ocovpie .the lover floor. Tl>e «ppanfioor wai uoteàantëi but.,the potter alleged that *e:e was one row with a good bed in it, in which the. clergy nia might sleep, lt was accordingly so arranged, an 'the Clergyman, wearied with ii is day's; duties, r< tired1 to rest. , He was. awakened <fr.>'m his sleep by whs -soanded like a fashionable double knock at'tn house-door. This was «pened from within, and/t hi»infinite amatVmest^ ibo clergyman heard' foo .stops, .as of a l«rge party, ascending the broá -staircase, and , passing along the lofty .oorrído: assemble in thé adjacent room, whence proceedé shouts, ot laughter and merriment of a botsteroc 'description'. .., , ' .' ',''?".' _"' In the midst of all this a>eudden lull took place Startled and,surprised as>he had at first . beat he was yet more so when.he heard the door'of th room, from which tbe bijaiity seemed to proceed .open, and a footstep approach his own. ' . btopping short at hts door, tho visitor koockec and a voice said, ^Xohn Armstrong, open th ?doorrr',' ". '" ';?'. .' \ . '\ ':', : Thia was repeated,three times, and the startlei clergyman, not replying, the voice said, " *^obi Armstrong 1 , Ooeii the door,' #ísá 'it witt tie tilt niort'etfor-thee!", , .' ' .'.'; . ' ''_"' ('; " " Now, as it will be recollected that the ^clergy .man -was quite a Htranger lirj.'tlie' neighbourhood randhis name entirely unknown,' the circumstanci ofhis»bein'g thub addressed,',by his right desig nation, enabled him at once to détermine apon th« supernatural character of his vigilant. ^ '.' ' Hastily .dressing'himself, snd taking his Eibli in his band, - ho opened, the doer, 'and perceived i ¡figure, -attired 'as à footman,, in handsome ,'tolact J livery, who said.he. hod been? desired' by1 hiS maete: to invite tho Reverend John Awssttong to join ¿hi feast. " The clergyman, on hoariog'this invitation, modi a dow bow in response, hot'so. much, be it known 'hy wpyof courtesy or gratitude for tbe invitation, BB to- ensble him'the more-accurately to ascertain the character of the inviter. ' It need scarcely' 'b< said that, on perceiving the .cloven feet, which ap- peared in the place of patent-leather boots; .ps farther doubt remained on his imind as '.to 'the quarter' .whence the invitation .proceeded ;1 be therefore'béthpúglit; him>elf ot politely declining it on the g'roandJof ill-health, bot the servant urging his règnes:, «nd threatening the anger of bis mister if the refusal was persisted in, the.elcrgymnn saw no alternative, but comp jianoe, ' and followed bis guide «long-the corridor to the apartment where the feast was held,' still grasping his Bible.' ' - ' :' On eoteriag the room," what was bis astonish- ment at the splendid sight' which inow greeted him I A .vast apartment, superbly.lighted up and filled with jpeeple ¡ attired in ; brilliant costumes, seated, *t_a table which, was, covered with all imaginable dainties I . . ''*.',.'., On the entrance of the clergyman, ethe gentle- man at,tbe head of the table rose anadéame for- ward'to meet 'bim, placing him in tho seat' of honour athis right hand.' .'?' . ' cí c'! Vj ,'.' There, was one small' ctrotimstanoe', however, at which the master -of the feast demurred, and' this was Nothing' f Jess than the'entire agelessness,'at such a time, 'of the little book which the .visitor carried in his hand,.nnd with' which he resolutely refused to part.' ''; ;.'.'' ' ' ". ',. Finding his efforts' unavailing''lo', induce the clergyman tb lay aside bis book, the boet, address-1 ing him by name, begged him, with agréai show of politeness, to ^óinin their festivity, and commence his'meal.' .''1' '°'! " .r',/'[ '"' .'?.']'- '?? On' this, Mr. Armstrong,irising with great solemnity, and holding the Bible in' his out-' stretched hand, amid the yells,' execrations, and tbreateninggestures of die entire assembly, said i1 " Lord 1 I h»ve 'this day preached in Thy house, end have administered the bread and wine ot Thy salvation, and am 1 come this night to eat with devils?" ' , ...'..'' '»' While he said these startling words, the lights faded away into darkness, and, amid shrieks and bowlings, the walls fell in with a crash, and the clergyman found himself amongst bis friends: of the morning congregation, no sign remaining of the feast or of the fiendish assembly. This, was a curious story, which would, in spite I of all my efforts, now force itself upon-my recol- lection ; and in defiauce of all I could do, it clung to me like Nessns' fchirt ! Uuleas you know what it is to "have been a ictira in the solitude of night to the horran ., . a perturbed imagination, you can have bat a slight idea of the sufferings I underwent.. My isolation, as it seemed, from all human kind-my perfect ignorance of the locality-and worse than all, the s milarity of my sleeping-room and its approaches to the picture which my excited imagination had so vivioly drawn in childhood of the scene of those diabolical revelries supposed to have been witnessed by John Armstrong,-all conspired to work up my feelings to the highest pitch of terror and excitement. And so I lay awake, tumbling and tossing; until, finding sleep totally impossible, I resolved on getting np, which I accordingly did. ' The act of dressing in a great measure dispelled the nightmarelike feelings which clung to me bed ; but still I felt no disposition to return to my. coach. : The lights were yet burning, as I had in- tended they should throughout the night; and I sat down, having taken out my writing materials, and determined to shake-'qff the infiuence.-wfaich I -- - . «Hr bad bee« haunting roe, by writing down the ste which my tesson assured me must be mere fictii and could have bad wo existence in reality. This, you will say, was a strange mode of i deavoering to pass away the night pleasantly ; b somehow, Ï fancied that if I could once get it < on paper, sud shut it by in my portfolio, I shot make a dean breast of it-lay the haunting spi ia the Red Sea of ray b'otoug-book, «nd bani it altogether from my mind. I bad reached that point in my ghostly^ n rative at which Armstrong is startles by hearing knock at'the outer door, when-imagine i amáseme nt 7-I heard the echo, as it were, that knock at the door of the bouse !-a successi ot taps, as it seemed, made by the knuckles of man. - - ? . > eo strongly was' my mind imbued with't ' de'ails of the strange story which > I was1 writi down, that my first impression was that I shot immediately hear- the tramp of the diaboKt visitant on the stairoiseyfollo wed by the three ta at my door, summoning me to a ghostly festM prepared below ! ' ' ' ' '' .' 1 sat likening,'-while roy blood froze1 ia'.? 'veins.'^ ';' .' ?' ' ' ; 'yK '? A.'''moment's'attention 'convinced' me that .the were 1 footsteps on the gravel ' walk outside t house ; and now I beard for the' first time, »in t .dead of the night, that' peculiar "'sound' i¡&hii; those who hay» beard it under Bimilar cirrui stances' can-never forget-the whirling, «cr'cklin ?winching sound of a'eëritre'bit,' ápparéutty co ducted by a'r-pidiand skilful hand 1 ? It was curious to feel ho w ' instantaneously tl ideal vanished before the actual, ' ??' I fcneWimrr diately what I should now hs ve' to encounte and my nerves were at once braced to «meet tl -emergency. -, - u-¿ ?< J. . Most gratefully did 1 acknowledge the Pm dence by which 1 batí "been kept <rwai:<t,»ins e 1 being in that deep -sleep which would have re dered me au ««ey prey to the' burglar «now abo to at tat k me. ' ? . ? .J . i: '<.?. -vii My first consideration : waa as to hjy means '?. defence, and 'the time which would be-allowed n for completing them.' I remembered with . sou degree' of ? comfort' that there wrre 'three hes? fastenings «pea the -outer door, and: al'hough knew too fwMif that each must yield in its tur to the irreaistible'iaipleme' t of the housebreake ' t calculated that'some minutes mustelapae befoi he could auaceed'iu.gaining an entrance. ' Suddenly the-crashing sound ceased ; and for few- seconds "there ' was a dead silence, > durra which my vivid imagination represented to m as distinctly .as if'I-had been an actual spectatoi the brawny arm * berthe burglar stealthily iottt due'ed, and the bolb in the proceis .of being cai tiously withdrawn.' .'For a moment I thought < imitating a .clevenand 'successful «xpedient sai to have been resorted to <by a person similarl attacked, who.quietly awaited the introduction < the- housebreaker's hand- through bis kitcbe window shutter,.«Dd being icevided with, powerful cond, in which he bad prep red amnni" : noose,. slipped" itx-desterouslyv over/ the, - bátti ! tightened it rapidly at the wrist, and f tstened it s j-curely' at the other-end to the;leg of the heav kitchen tabJe, leaving bis visitor'outside , ito enjc the dawn and early morning air,! while he quiet! .¡returned to bed tor-finish securely his- night's w [pose. !) But' a few-momenU' refleotion convince ? me that my best-, means of f resistance were! ratU i paBsiye than active,1 and that I might more aafel 'rely on thens;,a u -r.. i ?> u c- ,..,<??? '." inithé' first place, I quickly ^ascertained th' ?my . room bad two poweriul bolts, besides a heal lock. " i ? i.I'bad.contented^'my 'i-r Ooing)to-beÖ wil tarong the' key in -he Jock, ibut I now endei ve'arèd-to shoot the upper and. lower bolts4- thai I found very snuoh rmeted, butrwetfa the aid «f tlittle) macassar, oil I -soon overcame their real tancer ..JK>« ^.v-'J ?....'- ???>' ..ai'vii i-m ... , ' While \I¡ was thus employed the work of tb centre-bit was .again:* resumed.,andr every moví meat: of the housebreaker Was againibefore me. : ' I-, now looked «round-me for some. weapon - tba might serve me. in .case of needy and found . tolerably, heavy pokor, ,which satisfied rae t hat ' ihad- something beeidea bolts to rely en. - My preparations for .attack., and defence bein] now. completed; I ooolly^cwaited th« next, step o the housebreaker, faeling.somethiBg . like a to ibis iib bis shell, or like Robinson,Crusoe tn his lonel; citadel. : A slight lowering of the flame of tbi candle'from a. current of «tr which rushed ^up th. staircase and beneath my .door, showed me tba the burglar had: effected his entrance : in anothe: moment his footstep-was on the broad staircase He stepped with the caution of one proceeding or tiptoe, with the "least possible noise,' but haying ascended »bree, or four eteps,>tbera was an apparen bait. .. i ,v ? j ? * 11 Í w r, *; ''. I knew perfectly weil what he was doing, anc tbe measured creak pf tbe staircase thenceforward alone gave notice j of his approach with, ebooless feet-i .Inspite of.my;preparations, itiia impossible to deny .that my ,heart >jbeat .violently. 1 rejied, however,o-upon this, namely,: that, the burglai being,;apparently alone,. be would hesitate. tc attackj^mamwhom- he found awake and vigilant, \- snd who* for aagbt be .knew, might be prepared with;fire-arms, vt /prove; inore ¿tiban a, match for 'himself ia point of personal strength br courage ; only'upon'tbe supposition -of finding .me asleep and unprepared .could he have hoped to succeed in his attack. ' 1 . ., . , . ....... ?''? The footsteps now drew nearer, and co e marked advancing along the passage.' They came 'at last to a halt by my door, and- despite of my internal assurance that immediate personal attack upon me was impossible. I found myself irresis- tibly grasping my poker in unison with the grasp which the burglar cautiously mode upon the handle of my door. Finding, as he probably had anticipated, that my door was locked, he lost no time in commencing his operations with a view of introducing himself into my apartment. The peculiar noise of the centre-bit recommenced, and the burglar no doubt thought all was going on prosperously for the execution of his nefarious-project. I, however, felt that I could stand this no longer, and thought it high time to let him know that I was aooke and on my guard. Rising from my seat, and stepping heavily across the floor, I shouted in a gruff voice, " Halloa, you scoundrel 1 do you wish .mo to shoot yon through the head? Be off; for by Heaven ! if that hand of yours makes its appearance inside my door, you shall carry away a bloody stump." The immediate withdrawal of the centre-bit, and the hurried retreat of my enemy, satisfied me of the success of my threat ; and having heard the house-door closed, and the footsteps retreating through the garden, I betook myself to bed (where, strange to say, I forgot my ghost story), with the full conviction that 1 need apprehend no further attempt ; and. I slept soundly ^during the few hours still left 130. , The hostler came to rouse met in the morning, bringing a fly for my conveyance to the inn. VV hi n he found thc entrance door unbolted, and the panelsjcut through in three places,' be expected', I believe,' to find my throst cut as a disagreeable _ sequitur'; and was infinitély^snr pnaed-as- unit AS relieved to .see'SM ;.up^|nd >>f / J?y-> w aga ázü¿3» « t¿ tit ',0 dt eased, and ia excellent health and spirits, told him briefly'how I had fnrstrated the bnfgl attempt ; and as he appeared much interested the narrative, I accompanied him to tbe fi door, where be examined with much attention marks of the centre-bit with something of the of a connoisseur admiring a beautiful pictnre piece of sculpture. " Ay, ay," said he at length, as if -speakini himself, " the man that cut them holes kno how to handle the tool." So strongly did this sentiment of admiration pear to operate «sport his mind, that at the < elusion of our journey (during which I obaer that he was driving very abstractedly, : get 'twice locked ' with passing carts, and narro evading1 tbe massacre of a - whole drove «of yoi (pigs).he informed me that he had invented lines of poetry on the occasion, which ran aa lows : .* wTMWOTaede»er oaoaledtnat taara tact; Nobody oughten't ta talaba a fooL" ' He' waa evidently «xtremoly proud of t effusion, and much gratified at my assurtv that I considered it a veryTemarkable piece poetry.' '" ' ? - .. '1 Tbejceart opened at nine a.m.; and previom itaoaieuhag I had swich to do. - Fresh .wiines on both ¿sides had come up during the nifrh those on-our own side it -was necessary' I sho see before going into court." ;I bad an eppoi ineat wkb counsel »t eight. Altogether.my hi and banda were sâ.fnll'that Thad no '.time 'to ?ay ilartólord and run-rate'to him-my adven ter«, .. Contrary to alt expec ation, the .Watet; c eeuld'sot be arranged, and was now to be he before mine ; bat us út 'might still be settled «vny'moment, we were ail, attorneys a od witness .compelled to remain io coori in case of such event occurring, wbidh'indeed it did about midd, laud^tmtil eight o'clock that evening was «ty evi Cboarght' absorbed in the conduct and oonsiderati ?Of the cause ia .Which 1 was engaged and wh wa«-BOW before''the'Conrt. . A$,half-pae4«ikl'ht<the court rose, leaving nea1 the half of my- witnesses 'unexamined, <oae res ?of which waa that i should'be compelled to ape .another night from; 'home. Saving some'misgivings as to passing the nig -ag«ih witnin (he<lun<>ly ihouBe, I repaired at or ?totho hotel, and 'Culling'the landlord, related .him my adventure of the previom night, and c pressed friy un willingness-to spend the «light aga ii» the same quarters. . He bad heard the story from the hostler, ai appeared much excited abnatf it. Inconc'uslon, ] 'requested'rite, to venture there again, accompani hy himself anid the superintendent of the'conn police, who was-et ; that«time staying at his hoti ?who had heard thojstery, and thought he had clue to the offender. To thia I readily, agree ?and in ten minutes ' the landlord, superintender .»nd myself1, with a| 'variety of creature comfort supplied from tbe hotel, were on our Way to war :tlte solitary habitation, i ^ . L As we passed through the streets of the towri t .eoperintendent /caught -fight of a policeman, 'Whom he beckoned, and| who, after «a few wor ' withr his superior whièh I did not bear, w -admitted jto fill the vvaeancy in oír carriag j Arrived at the'house, and the carriage dismisse rthe auperiplendcnt; in com pany wittT'mjself tai [ iB-45, who,-by the way, struck roe .a«^ having j ¡ (appearance of-great stupidity, proceeded to reeo : iBsitre the premises on the ground'floor. W 1 foundthat the hostler had very judiciously ec , .played a carpenter to repair ia a rough way tl j damaged ¡door. |i. ?? i -. v » tn.-.-r: ... {The landUud, wbo-was well acquainted wi > the premises, made the shrewd observatiorTf h ;thio attempt must have'been made by some oi ^pretty conversant >witb the interior bf the houa ?otherwise, instead of effecting au entrance by tl .front door, he would have tried it At the bac which was of much less-substantial materials, ai was more privately situated ; the fact -being th cfr^m long disuse -the bolts ot the back door wei . jio.-comple'tely rested in -aa to be immovable. ., ¡All was quiet within tho dwelling, «end havir raede'all secure 'below stairs, we ascended to m bedroom, where we intended to make alight of i tit was chilly-we lighted a fire ; the contení .ofithe basket supplied by tho landlord afforded, s we -found, most ' luxurious means of gastronomi enjoyment, to say<notbing-of various Teng-necke bottles, which were apparently much admired b the, policemen, who proved to be great .adepts a drawing corks. Ocr occupation .in this ^way having at lengtl como to an end, disaeurse;began to flag.; we ' sa round the fire in silence, a single remark from tim to time alone proving that some of us were aw* kt As for me, in con»equence of. my previous .night' disturbance and the day's fatigue, I could «careel; keep.my eyesopen. . ., r. , / Hour after hour of 'the night .thus passed, ai» it was evident that we thad all .given up every idei of the attack upon >»e being renewed; . Thi candles had burnt out, but the policèman's lantén gave us sufficient light, .added to the slight glim moringiin the grate. Suddenly, and maeed in 1 the .midst of à .gooc story of this own with which he was "endeavouring keep us awake, the policeman stopped .like ¡ hound who had 'struck a''scent, and dropping on his knees, listened with his ear.to the ground foi a few seconds. The superintendent watched him in silence; i did the same ; and it was now that it strack mt .how strangely I bad erred tn - applying in my owr. own mind the epithet of stupidity to this man, as hf suddenly flashed into his owae'ement,' the personi- fication of keenness and intelligence. " I'll tell yon what sir," said, the ! policeman, rising from the ground, ''our man's ia this room, or not far off,l<can hear his breathing, and' if I don't mistake, he has a dog with him."" Drawing a pistol from an inner pocket, the superintendent very quietly examined the cap, which he took off, and replaced by ono which he fished up from his waistcoat pockets« The lind lord, who was a resolute and powerful man, also drew forth a similar weapon, while I availed my- self of my -as night's resource, the poker, threw a handful of wood on tho fire to create a blaze, and now, wide awake, awaited with much curiosity, and some anxiety, what would follow. The policeman's bludgeon completed our defences. It must here be observed that the room was papered with a representation of leaves and flowers ; in a strongly marked pattern. Taking the antern in bis hand, the policeman proceeded to make ia close examination of the wall, which.by the appli- cation of bis knuckle j he immediately ascertained to 'be hollow. . . ? .';.,,'.'. f.". " We have a closet behind thisj and must . find' the door," said be. . . :> A rigid inspection shortly enabled na to do this, although it wu s concealed with great ingenuity, naither lock nor handle appearing ; and the patte tn of leaves and flowers being so disposed at to pre- clude the idea of any opening existing. Aided by a knife from lb o supper-table the super- intendent threw open the door of the closet, which aa far as we could perceive was untenanted. A deep,. dark,. hqjlow space, however, existed oh both.sides 'oi tbedoor, in tho interior of the warl - and Tr*&Utb;*t< ttr.w»rj.iii. {QM,' pf tylésa 1 ú¡dt .'wg ' iesç i I Ute » cjttci ;r«är»-;;5 ¿as «j ¿¿ trwrgjt now look tor thé'obtecruf uur search;-Tko srrpirintendent w»s mashT «ctcitsd Viand disregard rag Ja warning from B 4"^ stepped boldly within thelduôir, lifung"tne 'lantern* high\ above his head, so xs to enable him to gaza into the dark interior. . * ;. .-, '.; . ? , ? At the same moment, a.shot, was discharged from the recess, and- the superintendent fell heavily to the ground. ". 7 . IJ was nearest to him, and rushed to his succour ; fw was bleeding copiously from a wound in tho thiçh, and "my efforts" and attention were so absorbed, ia dragging Hm beyond the reach of his assailant, and 'afterwards.".m endeavouring to staunch the. blood* by /binding my -handkerchief tightly round the limb.that^I was unable to take .any farther part in endeavouring to, ."capture the i figure who new emerged from the closet, followed [ by a large waite bulldog. This dog was shot at once by our brave' landlord. .The man, a powerfully-built and trucnlent- looking fellow, made directly for the, door, fishting his way among hi«-enemies with great vigour, and deter ruination. At lengm B 45, with a blow from his bludgeon, laid hint prostrate. He was thea secured and handcuffed, and snbseqaéntlv inarched'off to the county'gool. On searching him, a discharged pistol aàd a large .clasp-knife were found on his person, and he was recognised as a criminal ef a most 'ferocious character, who had been trans- ported many years before for complicity in a heavy burglary, accompanied with arson and attended with cwba'metances of great cruelty and atrbcrty.'';",:; ."'1 . ... . He was known'to bave escaped, and suspected to be ia tbe oeighbourbodd, where he had relatives «nd connections^ and as he bad in his boyhood lived as groom 'in the very house where we .-oap* 'tured bim, wo were''St -once satisfied as to the maana by wWah'he obtained so minute an acquaint «nie with the .premises. A reward'had been dffered byQovetiruient 'for his apprehension. It was eventually discovered that he had for some ; .time been'lacking concealed in one of the cellars of , -tltis boase, where he bad buen supplied at night : «with the ntxsrssóriés ftPlife by his friend", and that 'he had beeo looked out of his lair on my arrival ; { «and lie was doubtless- the perpet rator of many j " mysterious robberies, which from'tim« to time bad i been Ut''ly committed in the vicinity. He would, probably fcajve'both- robbed and murdered me on the \ '{previous night, had* Ik een sound asleep,instead of ' ' ' .remliectiug providentially, as I must always con- j «¡der, the sóhoolboy-atory of John Armstrong, and ) his invitation K> the diabolical en'ertainment. '. The wounded superintendent happily recovered, "j .and received .from ''Government trie reward pro*' m ¡sed-fort Ire-ap prehension of the felon. Abd as], we frequently meet ia tho course of our pro»! Sessional avocations, we seldom fail to, felicitate: ' -each other on the' fortunate termination' of our ehir>rt acquaintance with the burglar, from whom I< had «bus been twice strangely and providentially' rescued.- ' , i':[ ' ' ' 