I Ofc, í&fi;ífncB ¿burning gíralo« SATURDAY, JANUARY l8, 1862. Til- Legislative Council sat from half-past four until half-past eleven p.m. yesterday. Somo discussion took place on the motion of the A-itohnby.Gekeh.ai, for the suspension of the Stand- ing Ordeis for going through with the Loan Bill, ?which was, however, agreed to. Hie Appropriation Bill was gone through ia com- mittee,-and sent to the Assembly -without amend- ments, but with an addition to the ordinary message as follows :-" The Council has refrained from exer- cising its right of amending this bill by restoring the * salary of the President to its established amount, on the assurance only of the Government that, in the ensuing session of Parliament, a supplementary vote .«ill be proposed for the purpose, anti that the Legis- lature will be invited to consider a bill for placing the salaries of the oflictrs and servants of tile Council upon a permanent and independent basis." On the Loan Bill being taken into committee a queUion arose as to the power of the Council to inter- fere in any way with money bills. The question wob reported to the House, the Chair- man havinç decided in'deference to a previous ruling of the President that the committee could not alter. After a short debate, The Piiesident ruled that the Council had the power of altering money bills, declaring that his first ruling was erroneous. The omission ol £40,000 for a bridge over the Hunter at Singleton was moved by Mr. Dauvali, but the motion was withdrawn Mr. Dauva-i. moved the omission of the two sums of £250,000 for railway extensions. The amendment waB negatived by a majority of 6 o5. ^.Mr. Gosdon them moved the omission of the items for compensation for land reserved under the Water Act, for juvenile reformatories, and for immigration. This amendment having been rejected, the bill was gone through and reported without amendments, and the bill was read a third time and passed, and re- turned to the Assembly. The House adjournetl at half-pa3t eleven o'clock I until three p.m. on Monday next. -4, The Legislative Assembly met yesterday at twenty five minutcB past three p.m. Mr. Buchanan, by way of explanation, stated that it was not the fact that he had derived from. Mr. Alderman Raphael all his information about the Benevolent Asylum, as alleged by Mr. Alexander ia a late debate. Mr. Covvtkr asked leave to move, -without notice, that the House at its rising should adjourn, to half past twelve on Monday next. Mr. Piddington objecting, the Speaker ruled that the question could not be put. Mr. Cowr-Eii laid upon the table a despatch from the Secretar) of State relative to separation ; also, a correspondence between Mr. Edwurd Hamilton, and the Manchester Chamber of Commerce, on the subject of cotton seed. The documents were ordered to be printed. Mr. Cowper announced that the prorogation of I'arliament would toke place on Monday. Mr. Wilson presented a petition from Ann Green of Billibong, complaining of loss and damage from her cattle having been improperly placed in quaran- tine by Mr. Bruce, a Government commissioner. . In answer to Mr. Daxolbisk, Mr. Robertson said there was no correspondence between his department and Mr. Keightley, respecting the sale of lands at Nundle and Tamworth to Robinson and Macpherson, but that there were letters from those parties at the Treasury, which could be laid upon tho table on Monday, alBO that per mission had been given to Messrs. Spiers and Pond, to charge a shilling for admission to the Domain, during the great Cricket Match about to take place. In answer to Mr. Lucas, Mr. Arnold said that directions had been given to the Cplonial Architect, te abate the nuisance arising from the escape of night soil from Darlinghurst Gaol, that temporary provision had already been mado in consequence, and that steps would be taken to apply a permanent remedy by effectuai drainage. In answer to Mr. Dalgleish, Mr, Arnold said that all returns ordered by the House would be laid upon the table when prepared. In answer to Mr. Sadleir, Mr. Cowper said that no communication had been received by the Govern in ci, t respecting fitting up certain public buildings at Port Macquane for a juvenile reformatory, that leave of absence was only given to Captain Browne, late Imreigration Agent, when his department was rcstoied, and that be received no salary during his absence. In answer to Mr. Dangar, Mr. Cowper said that some complaints had reached the Government from magistrates at Singleton, about certain trifling squab- bles, but that no determination had been come to, nor -would any further inquiry be made in the matter; and Mr. Robertson stated that the Courthouse at fingleton, as in other places, was used as a land offire, and that Friday would be the day generally fixed for land sales, in accordance with a general opinion. Mr. "Wilson laid upon the table a report with evidence from the committee ,of which he was chair- man, upon the system of railway locomotion of Mr. E. Bell. The documents were ordered to be printed. The Drainage Promotion Bill was discharged trom the paper. The Bulli Coal Company's Incorporation Bill was read a third time, passed, and transmitted to the Legislative Council. The adjourned debate ou the report of the Com- mittee of the Benevolent Asylum was resumed by Mr. Daloleisk. The hon. member strongly con- demned the language of Mr. Buchanan, and defended the committee of management of the institution. The evils ccmplained of must be contrasted with what might have been the case, had the inmates not been admitted. The Government were more to blame than the Committee. A far worse state of things existed in the lodgings of the poor than had 1 been shown in connexion with this institution. j Mr. Wilson objected to shelving the report. The Committee had, perhaps, gone a little out of their way to praise the managers, but these gentlemen were entitled to praise. The defects of the institu- tion were oviii/g to unhealthy situation, want of ac commcdïtion, und of ventilation. Mr. Moriarty would vote for the report. The I Government as well as the managers of the Asylum -Vi-ere to blame. Mr. Hay ridiculed the benevolence which Roes off in sound. The managers had been unfairly assailed. Some of the statements against them weie gross exaggerations. The want of accommodation, and the interference of the medical attendants, had caused the defects complained of. Mr. Love thought the managers of the Asylum had done a great deal of good, though ia some respects thty had failed in their duty. Mr. Sutherland defended the management as compared -with former times. Mr. FonsTEit explained that, feeling his freedom of opinion rrstrained by late decisions ot the Speaker, he thought it better to refrain, for the present, from spesking on any important subject. Mr. Lucas, in reply, defended the report. The putting of the question was cartied by 28 to 4, and the report adopted. Mr. Dalgleish moved for papers on the subject of reclaiming certain land, btlow high-water mark, in Darling Hatbour. After some personal altercation between the honorable member and Mr. Arnold, the paperB m ere ordered. Mr. Piddington, for Mr. Rotton, moved that tho report of the committee upon the resignation of Mr. Quodlirg, with the evidence, be printed. Mr. RonntTSON, Mr. Aiuvold, and Mr. (>ai»i»ett opposed ; Mr. Wilson, Mr. Dalgleish, Mr. Dano.v», Dr. Lang, Mr. Hay, Mr. Lucas, and Mr. Hoskins, supported the motion, which was carried without division. A paper relating to the Circular Wharf at Woolloo- mooloo Bay, and a petition from Captain Adams, of the Shah Jehan, were ordered to be printed. Mr. DALGLEISH moved a resolution to the effect that the public ought not to be excluded from the Domain during a cricket match. The hon. member denied the legal right of exclusion assumed by the Government in the case referred to. Mr. ROBERTSON, concurring in the resolution, would not vote against it, but would find some other way to get rid of it. The course he had taken in allowing Messrs. Spiers and Pond to occupy the Domain for three days, and to admit the public at a shilling a head, would be generally approved. Mr. WILSON would have preferred that the ques- tion had not been mooted, but as a matter of principle, must support the motion. Mr. DRIVER moved the previous question. Nearly everyone was in favour of giving up the Domain to the cricketers. Dr. LANG, though regretting that he was called upon to vote, must support the motion. Mr. BUCHANAN, agreeing in principle with the motion, would vote against it as too trivial for the interference of the House. Mr. J. T. RYAN, and Mr. HOSKINS, opposed the original resolution. Mr. LEARY would vote against putting the ques- tion, to avoid breaking faith with Messrs. Spiers and Pond. Mr. LUCAS took a similar view. Mr. Hat, after ridiculing the inconsistency of thoEc who voted against putting the question morely to avoid a motion of which they approved, main- tained tlie right of the Government to make the an sucements which had been colled in question. On the motion of Mr. Werkes, the debate was temporarily adjourned) to admit a message from the Legislative Council, agreeing to the list alterations made by the Assembly, in the Navigable Waters Protection Bill, and transmitting the Appropriation Bil), accompanied by_ an intimation that the Council only surrendered their right to raise the salaries of the President and Clerk, which had been reduced by tlie Assembly, in consideration of a promise made by the Government to take up the question next session. The adjourned debate was then resumed by Mr. Dalolbish, who replied at some length, and CDn cludcd by expressing his willingness to withdraw his motion. The House decided without division, that tho ques- tion should not be put. Ihe House adjourned at a quarter-past 11 p.m. to the usual hour on Monday next. The large section of Üiíb community whose recollections carry them back to the days of Attwood and the Birmingham Political Union, will see from the correspondence of our Emigration Agents and the able letter of .'A New South Wales Colonist" how low old England has fallen. In those glorious days, at a signal, 200,000 men were gathered at Newhall Kill, from the height of which exultant patriots saw a sea of upturned faces, and heard a groan like the sound of many waters. Then Windsor trem- bled, and the halls of Westminster shook with apprehension. Now we are told that all this life and patriotism is over, and speakers, in- cluding men who stand first among the orators of the. age, cannot gather a company sufficient to keep their cause in countenance. The cry of "Reform" has succumbed to the fate of other popular cries that preceded it, and lliote who still attach to it their political fortunes assume something of the seedincss, and melan- choly, which naturally belong to the adherents of an out-worn creed, or a flag in the gutter. England wants reforming, of course, but it has either found the operation too painful and dan geious, or it has grown in love with ita deformi- ties. It is much like some dirty boys who, M'hen soused with soap-suds, and skinned with osna burg towels, show the most refractory reluctance to a repetition of the healthy operation. They prefer the dirt that they accumulate in the course of their gambols to the process of cleansing hourly repeated. The very sight of the termagant devotee to purification puts them into a fright, and they shrink from the operation even before they are seized by the iron fist that dashes about the imple- ments of washing. England is now evidently no advantageous theatre for the exhibition of a colonal reformer. The magical words which once electrified a meeting have lost their power-not a solitary cheer can raise itself in defiance of tb e su rrounding indifference, when " universal suffrage," " vote by ballot," "triennial Parliaments," "payment of members," and all thoâe well-known words are uttered with stentorian energy. How de- plorable it must seem to every man who com- prehends the true purpose of life to mark this ascendancy of the -sensual. The people of England have ? subsided into a sordid preference of cheap pudding. They delight in pleasant stories, and tho smooth literature of the Cornhill Magazine and Once a' Week, in preference to such publications as the1 Gridiron, by Cobbett, of blessed memory, lhere is a vast increase in the consumption of eatables, and books are published in countless) tons. An immense quantity of broadcloth 'a divided among the men, and muslin among the women, but the demand for reform has gone down in the seile of saleable things to the level of H unt's coffee. This was a medley of roasted wheat and beans, by the purchase of which true patriots were required Co reward Mr. Hunt (there being no chance of a Pension Bill) for 1Ù3 services in the cause of radical reform, and to put the Chancellor of the ExcnEQTJEK in a " fix," from the loss of the duty on the genuine mocha. We are obliged to confirm the reports which reach us through official and private channels, after a perusal of the newspapers. It is all too true. The people of England, under the opiates of education, beer, and beef, have lost those fine faculties by which they formerly perceived the happiness of being miserable. They prefer the music of any street organist to the most eloquent radical oratory. They have lost, alas, the advantages of undying demonstrations-perpetual revolu- tions-and reforms continuous as the buckets of a dredge. Kindred with this deplorable apathy we must reckon- the feeling so frequently displayed when our English agents announced their style, title, and commission. They seem to have been much in the same political repute as people in these colonies were some thirty years ago in a civil and social sense. Innocent and communicative men when they returned home sometimes proclaimed- in promiscuous com- panies from what port they " hailed." They talked of the fineness of the climate-of the beauty of the harbour-the splendour of the scenery-the fertility of the seil-they described the elite of New South Wales, and gave glowing accounts of thair amusements and occu- pations. Some of them have told how asto-, nished they were with the effect produced by this amiable volubility. They saw the people -about them put their hands upon their " fobs," and by a kind of stealthy motion work themselves gradually into the position of "right face" to the narrator. A sense of some strange surveillance, exercised by every- body in the room, with murmurs of " Botany Bay," at last taught the astonished traveller that he had better give Paris, Stockholm, or any other quarter of the world, as the last place of residence. Wo are extremely glad to know that what with our gold and wool, and the,general diffu- sion of information, men who come from Aus- tralia are not now received with social distrust; but it is evident another class of suspicions' environ our representatives. Their politics are received with coldness or aversion-?' they are almost tempted to disown that, they ever ?' saved " > the colony. The great things which have been done for us,' through the medium"of our colonial Reform Bill, and,by our radical statesmen, seem to the people at, home much like stabbiug pictures, cracking statues, and burning down temples. The prudent Commissioners tell us that private conversation I . is the thing which is now to set in motion the emigrating population of England, and that we I mustnolongerrelyuponthc"propertied" clashes I as allies in peopling this country, since we wish for neither their convicts nor their paupers. For ourpartwe areof course sorry that our Com- missioners should find England in so unhealthy a state, politically considered ; at tho same time we must confess that we are drifting rather rapidly into the same desolate condition. We fear that our reformers in a short time will soon be like those fossil remains occasionally disinterred by geologists,-very curious, but rather musty and repulsive. The present state of the finances of France is attributed by the 'Times to the despotic go- vernment of the Empebob. It would be equally just to attribute the despotic govern- ment of the Empebob to the anarchy which preceded it, and made it necessary. But " des- potic government" always means a rule by force. '1 he power given by acclamation one day, if not supported by military resources, would be withdrawn the next. When the constitution takes the government of a country from the hands of the upper and middle classes, it must confide it to a soldier-whether consul or king. The people-that is the masses of a great na- tion-ne\ er did rule ; but they may convert a constitutional Government into a military domi- nation. A democracy may secure itself for a time in nominal possession of power, but it is alwajs a blind instrument of a few. The chosen of the masses are too commonly poor and ignorant, and they wait with impatience to be bought. But such a system soon becomes hateful. 'People prefer the splendour of a court and the pomp and circumstance of war, costly though they may be, to the spectacle of the igneblo corruption of legislators who sell their votes, and who, by the extent of their turbu- lence, measure the price. When Napoleon set up a military power, everj body knew that it would only be sustained by \att expenditure. It was possible to silence a hostile Press, but it required money, to purchase a friendly one. The people will not buy eulogies on government, and yet it is necessaiy that some one should praise the ruler and policy of the day. A large army was requisite to repress rebellion, but Üiis could only be supported by a vast outlay. To satisfy the class who virtually gave the sovereignty io Napoleon it was indis- pensable to give them employment, and this could only be afforded on public works;--hence loans have been liberally advanced under the authority of the Government. Such money is not always spent in reproductive works, and these have been often extravagantly paid for. Ihe great increase of the public outlay could not be met by taxation without dangerous dis- content, and credit, that fatal snare, has been the easy solution of the difficulty. To borrow thus, however, there is a limit, eien for despotic Governments. The will that can com- mand any other thing cannot obtain money, ,°a?c by making a loan, in appearance or reality, proi-t-ble to the lender. In proportion as the contract is not safe and free will be the interest required even from the strongest of despotisms. It is probable that a Government could obtain from English capitalists a loan io forward any i outrage or wrong-to support the dominion of Satan himself, but nothing will be accepted at the English markets unless on evidence, at least in appearance, that there is both the ability and the disposition to pay. France . then runs in a circle, anarchy ushers in a single ruler-to uphold his Government he must have money ; to seize it from the rich would cause a disappearance of capi- tal ; to slop the public works would occasion disturbance ; to increase the taxes on articles of ( extensive consumption would arouse the most dangerous murmurs. What then can a despotic ' Government do but borrow, while this is pos- sible, and so postpone the evil day. It must, however, be remembered that if, as the price of ten years' internal tranquillity, France has con- tracted a large debt, and now must encounter a serious deficit, the internal resources of the country have been increased at a greater ratio than at any other epoch. If the Government ' of the Empebob can once satisfy the people of ' the permanence of this dynasty, it can hardly be doubted that they have the power to pay the cost. The loans made in small sum3 doubled the demand of the Empebob, when ' he borrowed from the peasantry of France, and surprised the world by their success, both as a measure of finance and as a test of the loyalty to his Government. There had grown up in France multitudes of petty capitalists wheie none had been looked for ; and showed that they at least believed in the solvency and good fath of the Imperial borrower. The despotism of the Emperor has not been altogether a matter of choice. He has often expressed his wish and hope to be able safely to abandon a part of his power, and to render his Government more like the monarchy of England. He has said again and again, let us compound-" give me the same loyal adherance as the British gave to the dynasty of their Queen, and I will gladly give you the mixed government of England." Until this is assured to the Emperor he will evade and neutralise every concession, for although he may adopt some forms of debate and free voting, he will not submit to Parliamentary defeat. The deficit of forty millions is indeed " frightful," as it is called by the Times, if consi dered as an excess of expenditure over revenue, but it partly represents the outlay of mancy for reproductive public works, and it extends over more than seven years. It is a great sum to raise, and its pressure is aggravated by the partial failure of the harvest and the commercial difficulties which have resulted from the Ame- rican civil war. The effect of the derangement of the finances of France on the political and foreign relations of the Government are perhaps tho most impor- tant of all considerations to us. A military go- vernment must always be a terror to its neigh- bours. It cannot escape from a dangerous financial system except by admitting some new element, inconsistent with and destructive of it- self as such. It requires a large army to sup- port arbitrary power, and that power is indis- pensable to collect the means of paying a large arm)'. The great experieut to be tiied is whether a Govenîment like that of Louis Napoleon can glide into a constitutional monarchy, and so obtain from the confidence of the people a sufficient re- venue, and from free debate a check on extra- vagant expenditure. The great question is, can this change be made without risk of rous- ing once more the revolutionary passions which have hitherto confounded all attempts to esta- blish simultaneously the two grand blessings order and liberty. We cannot accept Mr. Cowper's ex cusp for the Government in reference to the Benevolent Asylum. It was the duty of the Administra- tion above all doubt toprovide, if not in the pre sent institution, somewhere else, for the irecep- ] tion of those unhappy beings, a sense of whose I condition might well deprive any humane man of rest. If by murder it is meant that the Com- mittee have wilfully done or left undone any- thing by which human life is compromised, we of course reject the imputation ; but that human life is sacrificed v/e have no doubt whatever. By a process of slow torture of mind and body which the law would r.ot affix to any crime, the poor wretches are doomed to a premature grave. As for the children who are so victimised, their ghosts might well hover round the pillows of those gentlemen who have surrendered them to such a fate. We repudiate all those low appreciations of human life, which are fit only for the slave population of China-leading to a mode of destruction from which their Pagan virtue shrinks. They strangle and drown their supernumeraries, but they do not spare their lives in older to destroy them by poisonous air, and contagious and filthy diseases. Tho child that is so lighly thought of by thehard-mouthed politician,not enly possesses a priceless treasure in the common attributes which pertain to his kind, but may possess an intellect which would adorn, and a soul which would dignify, the country that should rescue him from wanton immolation. The disinclination of the committee of the Asylum to submit their deliberations to the conftol of a Government Inspector, does not discharge. the responsibilities of the Ministry. The committee repudiate the Warne of this state of things, and cast it upon the Government. Is there no house which could he hired to shelter women and children who are now jammed together at a time when common humanity requires a separate provi- sion. The enormous sum we have agreed to spend for nil sorts of things silences the plea of public inability; and though we are quite aware that the Ministers have had enough to do, they are blamable for having neglected this urgent claim, and certainly if, during these summer months, they continue this system of torture they will merit the strongest repro- bation. 