TO SMOKE OR NOT TO SMOKE. A " tobacco controversy" has been raging in the columns of the limes. It is one of the most prominent features in the skilful management of that journal, that in t he dead season it keeps alive attention by picking up, or creating, some new topic of interest, and working it day after day, by the aid of clusters of idle correspondents who are always ready lo gather like fliesround a popular subject, when (hoy can get a chance. One year it is the dinner h la Russe, another year it is a cry from Belgravia against the pretty horsebreakers. This year it is the duty on tobacco, and the anomalies connected with it. This last topic has the merit of hitting an enormous class of the population, indeed nearly the whole population, smoking having become almost as geueral ill England as it is in Germany or France; and it has the additional attraction of being a practical and undeniablo grievance. The best thing that any of the correspondent e of the Times have said about the duty on tobacco is contained in the following passage, in which the writer sums up the "beautifully simple" provisions of the present law:— The importation of stalks without the leaf is prohibited. The importation of the leaf without the stalks is allowed. The importation of stalks and leaf in conjunction is allowed. The exportation of tobacco manufactured without the stalks is allowed. The exportation of tobacco manufactured with the stalks is prohibited. The following is the result:—The British trader can only import stalks by importing the whole leaf. But, when lie exports, lie must keep his Btalks. Therefore, stalks may not bo imported or exported. And the tobacco trade is confined by law to particular ports. Whence it is gratifying to learn that the manufacturer enjoys a grievance as well as the consumer and the revenue. THE Bisnor or MELBOUENE AKD THE DISSEKT- Kns.—In his funeral oration on the late Rev. R. Fletcher, Congrcgationalist Minister at St. Kilda, Victoria Colony), the Rev. A. Connabee related the following :—" Profound and universal was the respect with which our departed friend was regarded, in illustration of which I mention that, on the day after his departure I stood with several members of his family gazing on his features, beautiful even ill death, when the Rev. Dr. Perry, the Bishop of Melbourne, noiselessly glided into the room. He stood behind us, and, as his eyes rested on the happy feceof the dead, lie observed, • Truly we may say He is not liere, he is risen." He, spoke loving words ot peace and consolation to the sad and sorrowing group, and then, all kneeling round the couch of mortality, in tones of sweet and holy affection, he commended the widow and the fatberleEs to the care and blessing of heaven. He adored the riches of that grace by which the pastor, the husband, and the lather, had been enabled through a long and consistent life, to adorn the doctrine of God his Saviour in all things, and to be instrumental in bringing many eons to glory." This is singularly honourable to Bishop Perry and not less so to the character of Mr. Fletcher, who, notwithstanding his opposition to state endowments for religious purposes, must have won the Bishop's respect for his manly end conscientious antagonism, as well as hiB esteem for his talents, piety, and usefulness."—Nonconformist. Row's EMBBOCATION.—Some cynical" folks may in sinuate that Messrs. J. and J?. Row are guilty of puffing in their methods of making the virtues of their famous Embrocation, or Farmers' Friend known to everybody in the world ; but, for our part, we commend their efforts SB praiseworthy. Messrs. Bow are conferring a real benefit upon both man and beaBt, and in such a noble cause, if they puffed twice as hard as a " southerly burster," they would still have from us the cliecring " hear, hear," which approval should also burst spontaneously from eveiy benevolent breast in Australasia. A COEIOUS STOBT.—The Bank of England possesses some singular traditions and experience. I have the other day an anecdote from an authentic source, although it related to something that happened many years ago—before the lifetime of the present generation. The directors received an anonymous letter, stating that the writer had the means of access to their bullion room. They treated the matter as a hoax, and took no notice of the letter. Another more urgent and specific letter failed to rouse them. At length the writer offered to meet them in the bullion room at any hour they pleased to name. They then communicated with their corrspondent through the channel he had indicated, appointing some " dark and midnight hour" for the rendezvous. A deputation from the board, lantern in hand, repaired to the bullion room,locked themselves in, and awaited the arrival of the mysterions correspondent. Punctual to the hoar a noise was heard below. Some boards in the floorwere without much trouble displaced, and in a few minutes the ghost of the Bank stood in the midst of the astonished directors! His etoiy was very simple and straightforward. An old drain lay under the bullion-room, the existence of which bad become known to Sum, and by which he might have carried away enormouB sums. Inquiry was made. Nothing had been abstracted, and the directors rewarded the honesty and ingenuity of their anonymous correspondent—a working man, who had been employed in repairingtheeewera —by a present of £800.—C01 respondent of the Birmingham Post. 