.{% T^^PRIEST-HUNTER. *' . ,??...??. ,v ''?-.. .. : ?! fjOoMMUNICATED.] ' - ' ?'. '? ! ? '? ' i : . ? SvoneV. AuWst 12tV! I862J ' : Tjie spirit fbich has lately' been shown; by some calling. themselves Catholics against the clergy of this colony recalled to my mind the tale which I at ; one time heard whilst residing, for a short time, in the district where the renowned ' Shawn, na Soggarth' first saw the light. The awe with ; which .his name was mentioned was only to be equalled by the detestation in which, his memory, was held ; whilst the conviction ] that his deeds were of the class wjiich the ( Almighty so seldom pardons was evidenced £ by the tone in which they spoke when the \ old grandmother who recollected him told ? of (the remorse which at times he felt, f though still returning to his terrible- occupa- , tion, against the fascinations of which, he - .vainly seemed to struggle. ?, I have heard c^f: a persecuting landlord i whose s,tony heart, was changed to one of . fles^ by hearing accidentally a , poor family ' speak— as only an Irishs family can : speak — ? , of the judgments in store for their oppressor. So I cbhfess 'did any one of us' at present, possess that delight and wonder of our boyish days— the mysterious old lamp of Aladdin — we might make sure of a total ;change in the sentiments of our ! distin guished friends, Messrs. Leary and- Raper,. et hoc genus owne, by transporting' them forthwith to the. capacious: chimney-corner of some ten ant: at -will in the district where' 'Shawn na Soggarth' lived and died. Ther^, at the nightly gossipping in which the Irish peasant excels, when every ear is attentive-r- every eye riveted on the speaker, they might discover the ruggedness of the path in which they are tempted to walk. Often, in tny juvenile days, have I listened and wondered— often, even 'in the moments when my hair 'rose, twining with affright,' and a' creeping sensation pervaded my entire frame, have I recognised the truthful tradition handed down from generation to generation, ' that no one ever prospered who insulted his clergy.' This is- an axiom universally, admitted. The patriarch with he dudefin, the . lanitliee spinning her worsted, the young- men in the flannel ackets, the young women with the tortoise ihell combs in their back hair, and the lips of boys and girls — all acknowledge and idmit, and rightly admit, the truth of this issertion. Tlioso vrho hava ' purused tlio ??- \\-o«vu.llful ;ale bearing the title prefixed to this article, n which the character of this man is admi rably and truthfully delineated, will perceive :he combination of circumstances which led trim to embrace an occupation of so frightful ind sacrilegious a nature. At that time, we are all aware — owing to the horrible policy of the British Government — to Bntrap a Priest, lodge him in gaol, and then, by hard swearing, send him to exile or the gallows, was, as is well known, a profitable, though not a pleasant, occupation. Shawn, though a Catholic, wasn't very remarkable for the fervor of his devotion ; so he wasn't troubled with scruples. Moreover, like ' Sir William Barlow,' Shawn was ' hard up for tin ;' so he took to the business of catching priests, and, owing to the liberality of the humane Englishmen of the period, found it an occupation of the moat lucrative description. He accepted bribes on all sides ?, he dogged his victim from house to 'house, extorting from the inmates a large sum for his silence; ami at last delivered him up when he found that nothing more was 'to be gained. The cunning and the strategy which he displayed were, we are told, worthy of a better cause. On one occasion, being convinced that his sister,' a most religious wotriiti, and wbo regarded ? him with horror, knew where a priest was concealed, Shawn determined to wrest her sveret from her. For this end, he so well feigned the repentance of a dying wretch that the sister was induced to bring the priest to reconcile him to GoH, when Shawn had the inexpressible consolation of putting a pistol to his head and taking him captive'. But why do I advert to these things, why turn back to this mournful phase of British jurisprudence, why uncover this hidiouspic ture over which a veil has been happily thrown, only because the conviction is forced upon us at present that Priest-hunting, di plomatic Priest hunting is becoming fashion able. - Mr. O'Leary would pursue the clergy through an augur hole. Mr. Wilson i ready to employ any amount of pliysic-a forjee in their expulsion, whilst Mr.Kaper r atjhand to block up the largest gap whic1 might afford them' escape. They ' ' read very badly' says Shaun Q'Leary standing up in thei House, his nostrils dilating at such iniquity, therefore he says: in *a! tragic and mysterious whisper : 'Let? their quar ters' herea universal shout of execration in terrnpts thef hon. member; (Cries of nojno, shame, shame;) Tisio as of cross roads,1 and stakes laden with horrible burdens flash across the imaginations of the members— re- doubled cries resound through the apartment amongst which the expressions — remnant of barbarism— didn't think the little fellow was 10 savage, ana sit down^ — are distinctly leard.But the O'Leary OSdrs Sinonis seeing ;hat the feeling of the House is against the sanguinary proposition which he was about to make, says when silence is - restored : \- Yes Sir.1 The clergy of this colony, with 3ome few exceptions, are not doing their iutyi therefore I repeat ' Let their quarters salary' 5e stopped.' (Continuous laughter and qheers.),. The O'Leary is now. famous, his hunt is finished, he sits down— how low — how iowi Yet I would fain comfort the little man, if he were but penitent, if he on'y even professed his readiness to offer a new1 ha't as a peace offering to the writer of this article, but with tb/e poet I 'sigh, ' Fatilis debehsus averrii seel — =alas I for the hew hat— revocare gradus . hoc opus Me labor, esi.' But returning to our Priest-hunter. Hearing an old woman years ago chant some Irish song in memory of Shaun I had the curiosity to obtain a translation, and string together the following verses in imitation Of ; the original. I' give them as a warning to all who may be tempted to follow Shaun even at the remotest distance, lest when, we all lie beneath the green turf, some. bard may come andi recount in startling metre the deeds of O'Leary, Raper, and Co. :— ? In a vale whose flow'rs !iaye lost their bloom, ; The tourist meets with a raould'ring tomb. Round which there reigns a horrid gloom— ? 'Tis the grave of Shaun ria Soggartb. Oh ! woe to. him; who at. eve is touna ; f ? , : To wander o'er that unhallowad ground,;, J For many a wild and dismal sound: '??,-.'?': . , Reminds; him. of. .Shaun na .Soggaith. The traveller passinsr'by'th&tgrim; p'la'ce, Quickens his weary lingering patie, '? '-?'?' ' For hethinks he sees the haggardiface1 Of murdering Shaun na' Soggarth.' ' - The peasint at dark who goes that way,, ? To right nor left dares' not to stray, '.' For he knows the 'ghost they cannqt'tay' Of wicked Shaun na Soggaith. \ , Then he crosses, himself in fear and dread,. ' r And mutters a pray'r, but not for the dead, For 'tis useless be thinks, as many have said— To pr»y f(* ek»»o no. Boggarth. ^ _, ? O'er his grave there 'grows a wild asli tree, : Twisted and turned most marv'lon'sly, It couldn't grow straight o'er such a3 he — O'er horrible Shaun na Soggarth. '' Oh ! many a priest he hunted down, ; O'er bill and dale, in country and town, Ob 1 many a mother he made to frown When she passed by Shaun na Soggarth, The bead of the priest was 'valued then, Like that of the wolf in his lonely den, Ah ! wirra sthru were they Englishmen That patronised Shaun na; Soggarth, They tellhow one moonlit night; befell, ' By the hand of one whom he wished to sell, In that lonely, silent, deserted dell: His sister tfouu'd Shaun na Soggarth. No tear she shed for the wretched'man, For the Church had placed him under a ban ; She covered his face and then begaa To pray for Shaun na Soggarth. He left her gold, but she touched it not, Sooner she'd starve, or in fever.rot. Than use the coin so darkly got '??'?? ''' ? By the hand of Shaun na Soggarth. ?-;.; '?;;::v, ... '. '' s. 