CAPITAL ANJO LABOE. SIB,-Money is an object of desire to every one. . Some love it for itself, some fer tbe pleasures irs possession places within their reach, some for the power and consideration it confers, and a few for the good it enables them to do. The modes by which men seek to make money are infinitely diversified, and the principles by which they are actuated in its pursuit are likewise infinite in their variety. ' That money is the grand motive power that sets ~'~ mankind in seething activity, that it more exclu sively and for a. greater length of lime occupies I men's thoughts than any other subject-that in tact His tbe paramount consideration above all other considerations (including those having reference to another world) because apparently the most imme diate, I think lew will dispute. And, Sir, allow me to observe that money beiug, though for different " ends, an object of snell universal desire, affords tn j the different modes in which mea setk to compass ita , possession, the surest and sternest touchstone to ha- . 1 man character.' The good mau in bis struggle for thia : world's goods confines his operations strictly within , the limits which right incloses, or at least endeavors ! to do so. The bad man in his pursuit of wealth utteily ignores these limits. The bad may be sub ; divided into two classes, and these, again, into two I more. In the first place, there are those who, ss a I matter of principle and preference, adopt the most I crooked means their crooked minds eau suggest to wards the attainment of a desired end. In the » second place, there arc men who may be regarded as equally base, who are utterly devoid of all pria ciple whatever, and who act rightly or wrongly in- ' ; - discriminately, according as they think their inter- : = eats will be best subserved by the adoption of either principle. With regard to those two descriptions of bad men, there arc those who parade their wick edness without disguise, and having set the divine law at nought, scruple not to treat the human with. ' equal or greater contempt, refusing even the homage , of hypocrisy to virtue. Then there are those who talk speciously, who conceal their villainies under the garb of respectability, and even religion, and who in their most net arious transactions treat the law of the land with the utmost nicety of respect, while they {violate as they think with impunity a higher law. Sir, I thiuk there is re markably little difference between the open and the covert com temner of the law. That is to say, that the well-dressed, respectable, externally-observing', church-going, respected on account ot his wealth, devoid of principle, or only subservient to the print ciple of evil, scoundrel, is not a whit better than the man who pilfers your handkerchief or purse, or robs you on the highway, except that he enjoys the trifling advantage of adding a more profound dissi mulation and hypocrisy to the criminal propensities which equally distinguish both. " I believe that in no country in the world does thu number of bad men bear so large a proportion to tb« good as in this. The element that despises extérnala and coolly tramples on the laws, is vast; but tte) element that sins within tbe law, and equally prey* upon and destroys society, is infinitely vaster, I deny that there is more than one class in this colony: for the roguery which distinguishes all-par ticularly those who affect to belong to a higher dase reduces all to the same level. A grand competition in villainy is going on, in which, it mest be admitted, the aspirants are doing" their utmost to attain dis tinction, and ia which of course the greatest pro« - flciency will carry off the heaviest prize. _ - I look on the present ministry as the embodiment of successful roguery. They owed their existence to the foul breath of corruption, and it is prolonged by the same means. They were ushered into tba colony by unfair underhand means, and they have kept their position by bribing the moneyed portion of the people through the medium of a villanos Land BUI-a process which in turn enabled them to bribe the people's representatives. So long as the Laud Bill rematas as it is, that ministry wu! cold power, because it will have the means of corruption " ' - at its disposal. What did the ministry care that tts : Land Bill actually held out a premium to Tilbury T Is it not better to foster crime than to be turned out of office? The ministry evidently thought so, else why «hould it have constructed a Land Bill which gave safe and remunerative employment to, and brought from their dens to the light, all the basest elements of colonial society ? Mr Duffy admitted that honor formed one of the main safeguards of his inimitable bill. Mr Dufly knows as well aa I do that honor is bat a phantom in any country, and what in the name of all that is ' diabolical must it be in this, the very ghost of st phantom, for the phantom itself must long ere now have been scared from these shores. But I ask, - would honor alone act as a sufficient barrier against the invasion of property in any country? On the v contrary, are there not always thousands erery where who ifthey could do so with impunity, would commit the most atrocious crimes for the most trifling gratuity. Ont upon the pretence! It can only im- - pose upon those who originated it. The most shallow student of human nature knows the etuff - the mass is made of, and would have calculated on the worst side being shown on a fair, or rather foal " inducement being held out. The first is, a bad state of affairs prevails tee. Owing to ignorance and wickedness, a deadly an tagonism exists between labor and capital. Of the two labor is of incalculably greater importance. The present ministry represents capital, and capital alone, and they seem desirous to widen still more the trench already yawning - between it and labor. Capital, however, has proved itself for some time past the stronger of the two. There are few bete who do not occasionally require a pecuniary accom modation, and their gratitude of course is tangibly secured. But it is baleful for a country when moser - forms the supreme power-a consummation, hew ever, which must be submitted to, and is submitted to with becoming resignation by a people in whose hearts money occupies the first place. There is no perfection in this world, either in good or evfi, bat there can lie no question that the latter principle is receiving amule development at our hands. Tonn, Sec, Ballarat, October, 1862. JOB. MXKtSTEBIAI. AEBAUGEMEKTB IN TASKAXIA.-It S» -.T-S no longer a matter of doubt that Mr Innea win ette ceed Mr Henty sa Colonial Secretary, and as leader . of the Legislative Council. It is probable th»» "_ . s Byron MiUer wfll retire from the office General, and that that post will ^.-?"JïïfgE tom^J^w^ -«P^tatíveofthecoSaW * fSCyn¡ --a bim; avery valuable member oC the i*" M. aQQ abie snd serviceable debater. As * private member, we know no gentleman who trna - played hu part better or more honestly. H moat be . .-^ confessed, however, that his relations with tte ': ' >;:;r Government have from the first been of a very ia- . congruous character. Althongh not a member rf the Cabinet, be was the Solicitor-General ot the Government; one of the law officers of tue Crown " holding a seat in Parliament. Tet he has, in tact, ji been an opponent of the Government in most of ita . . . more important measures, and be paired off against his colleagues in the very division which aabjetttA -v: them to the necessity of making choice between re signation or dissolution. This is certainly can y lug official independence to an extreme length, and we _^ are not-surprised that it is felt to be desirable that I¿ «neb an anomalous state of things shouldterminate. Kb party or constitutional government «osM fee - ~* carried on under a system which allowed one of Hst ! most impartant officers of the Administration toaCt - ~i generally on critical questions with the Opposition. . ^--js When Mr Byron Miller first explained tol*aili»writ, ¿ tbe terms on which he had accepted omer, it waa asa* ' - -, derstood that he had reserved to himself titi right of taking an independent course of actina an tte state-aid question, and on the Law of Beal XYtajcaly. ~ Beform. But it was never supposed that fae (sadd be allowed to hold offise as member of a Government whose financial policy-the question to St «H&isrS;¡< '5SS-Jï| death-he should assist to defeat. Of OMMtib ;isl3S Byron Miller's sense of political propriety -Ima jsjtiV^ft^^S dînt-MtnA tim r>tianoft «tint: ia Sn .li imiflslilliP* j Hobart Town Memory, 28th October. Sjfrfe -%sßm PMtßdBad Published by GEOBCE EDWARD tama, far \- ^ Proprietor, THOMM DBüMMOKn wT^^Siw 18SÎÈ 