ST ROBERT PEEL ONTHEQEEEN'S COLLEGES. (TIMES.) Do controversies leave ghosts behind them, or are the disputants only to glad to find themselves at rest ? ~ Perhaps there is something to be said for the nature of the quarrel. The Battle of the Godless Colleges was noisy enough but when we attempt to imagine the pole shade that is to haunt the familiar ground, or fill the empty chair, one does not find it either of the two Sir Roberts who with unequal visited the antagonist hosts. Good Sir Robert Inglis. Ke would indeed make a strange phantom! How could he do his part, oven on a visionary stage, except in his invariable costume? How could he even be recognised with bloodless cheeks and dim eyes ? Sir Robert Peel, in a different way was not less real and unghostly. A dialogue between the two sides, in the style of of Lucian, would not be inconceivable. They would have a good deal to say to one another, and could both afford to be in a good humour. But, as far as earthly realities allow, we have now something like an apparition. The Sir Robert Peel of our day, who then only existed in the gossip of official and diplomatic circles, has made an official appearance at the annual meeting of the Senate of the Queen's University, at Dublin Castle, and made a characteristic speech, much to the disgust, it would seem, of Trinity College, Dublin, but still full of glowing hopes and pleasant recollections. The Godless Colleges are at length emerging from the cloud. Partly so rife, polemical rage, and famine itself in its vulgar material form, have warred against them. For a long time they have yielded but a scanty result for the cost and pains lavished upon them, and for the great promises of their illustrious founder. But lately a Royal Commission had to inquire why they did not as well as well as they ought. At one time we were told they fulfilled the singular condition of utterly non-resident Colleges. A University, or College, in the whole sense of the word, is always supposed to be a body, to have a smiling face, a genial bosom, a fostering lap, and protecting arms. The Queen's Colleges in Ireland, we were assured, had neither domesticated pupils, nor resident tutors, nor principals. Here there was no hearth, no focus, no family, no brotherhood, nothing that our Oxford and Cambridge men or our public school men, expect, and make for themselves in an academic community. Then, what was the education to be good for Would it help a man at the Church of the Bar ? It was to be an industrial education. What is " industry ?" Would it give a man promotion, or even the power to power to get on in the world may now ? Such is the cloud of difficulties, dis- paragement, and doubts that the Colleges have had to pass through. Not the least was the bad name which a benevolent old gentleman had kindly bestowed on them. At last there has come another Sir Robert Peel, who has taken up his father's cause, and like a good son, " meets his father's enemies iii the "gate." The young Sir Robert claims the privilege of Founder's kin to defend, and even endow, three Colleges-nay, more, insist on the addition of a fourth. Time has brought its best defence. The number of attending students at the three Colleges has increased in the last two years from <I3ÃJ to WHO, and from 5in to (55?. The degrees have all increased. There are, too, more Roman Catholics, says Sir Robert Peel now on the books of the Colleges than have entered Trinity College during the last 15 years. All this is encouraging, and Sir Robert Peel is now in a condition to ask whether something more may not be done without the confession of failure too often involved in that question. | He says that two things are wanted yet. The first want is the endowment of Prizes, Exhibi- tions, Fellowships, and Professorships, which form the great strength of the old Universities, and without which they must long since have fallen to the ground. The second want is equally obvious, When the Colleges of Belfast, Cork, and Galway were founded the idea was to fill up a void. In Leinster the ground seemed to be pre-occupied by Trinity College which then promised to open its doors freely to all sects ; and by Maynooth, which amply supplied the want of clerical education for the largest communion. Perhaps it was an appeal ad misericordiam. Surely no one could object to the now Liberal College at Cork, or Galway, or Presbyterian Belfast. They might not do much good. They could do little harm. They would not rob the Anglo-Irish Church of many devoted adherents in those barbarous, desolate, or unfriendly places. Those three wore enough so long as the Queen's Colleges were shadowy experiments feebly traced on the future of Ireland, and supplementary to long-established and flourishing institutions. That day of trial has passed, and Leinstormaynow have itsQuoen's College well as the other provinces, On that comparatively rich ground a College ought to prosper more than elsewhere, and by its prosperity elevate and enrich its fellow Colleges. But those wants are so plain that they only want stating. Perhaps there are rich old gentlemen with plenty of money, tired of assisting ne'er do- wells that plunder them, and do not render them the barest civility. They want to do something with their money and don't know what. They have not the enterprise or the courage or the requisite information to found a College. Well here are t iroo Colleges, founded to the hand, and already enjoying the patronage of tVo QUEEN, the good wishes the country, and up vising attendance. But they want the sinews of war. They are poor. They have only the Buttons blessing, and that is all. Why cannot these rich men take the empty shell and full of or, rather fill the suck, and so make it stand,? They may gain an honourable perpetuity for their names by founding in the Queen's Colleges equivalents to the Ball's Scholarships) the Smith's Exhibitions, the Potrean or Michell Foundations, the Pope's, of White's for Land"s Fellowship, or a hundred others of Oxford and Cambridge, Sir Robert Peel quotes some of the most distinguished statesmen connected with Ireland, or taking part Units government, who have proclaimed industrial education to be the thing it wanted. It is true that a man readers this advice with a halter round his neck, or rather did so a few years ago, for hitherto there has been nothing against which a laugh could so easily be ruined as the notion, of educating a hand to do his duty in that station of life in which GOD has placed him. After reading, writing, and arithmetic, there was nothing to be done for the working classes, or even for farmers' sons, in the way of secular instruc- tion ; and us for young gentlemen and young clergymen, what did they want but Latin, Greek, Mathematics, and a little Divinity P Since the days when sensible minds were emboldened to avow that they wanted something more, and that Ireland, of all countries, wanted race of farmers and resident gentry, who knew how to get the best of and and make Nature do her work, Nature herself has offered a fearful confirmation of that truth, She has exhibited the utter wreck of all her old imperfect, hand-to-mouth cultivation, and the death or exile of two millions who depended upon it. The Deluge curio not more aptly on the violence of the Old World than the famine on the folly, and ignorance, and uuthriftinoss-wo 111113' add also the violence, of Ireland. What is the cure for this The introduction of English landlords, and English capital The returns of the Encumbered Estates Court show that they are still few and small. The introduction of Scotch farmers and bailiffs P We think Ireland will herself prefer to be made more competent to manage her own concerns, to till her own lands, and be her own further, her own bailiff, and so eventually her own landlord. ' 