THE ROMAN CATHOLIC CHURCH, IPSWICH. . ON Sunday last, immediately after the ser XI of noon-mass, the Rev. Dr. Quinn the Roman Catholic Bishop of Brisbane, entered into an explanation of the circumstances which had led to the late painful occurrences in the Church at Ipswich. The following is but a brief outline of Dr. Quinn s explains 41 Ato stating that the Rev. Vf McGinty did not belong to his (Dr. Quinn a) diocese. he said AS Mr.. M'Ginty expressed a wish to remain, I offered to obtain the Archbishops sanction for his doing so; but on making a tour through the diocese, matters came under my notice which led me to take decided steps for the removal of your late pastor. On visiting Sydney at Christmas last, I arranged with the Archbishop for your pastor's return to that diocese, and I wrote to him to that effect In reply to my letter, he wrote to me, using forms which I need not repeat every one who knows him knows the style of language which he is capable of using. He complained of the shortness of the notice. He was to have been in Sydney by Passion Sunday, but asked to be allowed to remain until the 6th of June; subsequently, he said that he had a claim upon the diocese, and refused to leave. In this decision he was aided and abetted by a French Priest, who has got sufficient knowledge to lead people astray, but not sufficient to make him understand his own duty. He claimed to belong to this diocese, and not to that of Sydney. I said that if he had any claim on the diocese, I would respect it he, however, still refused to obey. On my requiring him to remain in Brisbane, he refused to do so, and returned to Ipswich that and other acts of disobedience, caused me to suspend him. There were two laws of the Church involved in this question ; one I was obliged to carry out, and one he was obliged to obey. The Bishop has a right to the control of all property and bequests for the Church on my arrival, I applied to Dean Rigney for an account, and he gave it, making no objection to do so ; your late pastor had known this for a whole year, and he also knew that he could not take the money out of the diocese with him, yet he refused to give up any account of the funds for the general service of the Church, building funds, and a house which had been bequeathed to the Church. Now, all bequests of this nature require that the terms the bequest. should be carried out within six months, and sooner if the Bishop require it. This bequest was made six years ago, and no account has yet been rendered of it he has thus held Church money and Church property, and refuses to give it up. The law on this subject says that he who does so, be he even emperor or king, incurs the censure of the Church. The same censure which fell upon Count Cavour has fallen on your pastor; he was admonished of the existence of the law, and unless he gave up the account that he would be subject to its penalties, yet the most obstinately refused to do so. The censure was not passed by me, nor made by me-it is the law of the Church. Suppose a person commits murder, he transgresses the law, and it is not in my power to alter the law to favour his case in the latter case the I sin is against the laws of man, in the other it is before God ; he who commits the sin does it knowingly, and with his eyes open. The position was the same as if I had admonished your pastor that he was standing on the verge of a precipice, and that one step further would cause him to fall over; or that of a man dwelling in a house on fire, and I did all I could to arouse him to move therefrom, but who wilfully turned a deaf ear to my remonstrances. There is one person in this congregation who has expressed an opinion that all priests are equal, that one is to be believed as much as another. Are all angels alike? When our blessed Saviour appointed twelve Apostles, were they all equal? Was one apostle as good as another? The greatest heresies of the Church had been occasioned through priests, and the greater the dignity of those who signed, the greater was the fall. Those who committed heresies, or wore dis obedient, were under censure of the Church, they were in rebellion. Some of you have been led to believe that all Protestants are heretics; now this is a false notion, which, as I explained to you on a former visit should not be held. Every person who is baptized is a Catholic and if he act according to the best of his knowledge, and fulfil the dictates of bÍ8conscieiice,heis¡notahereticbutaCatholic. A. heretic is a person who rejects the doctrines of the faith in which he has been trained, and knowingly rejects the authority of the Pope and his duly appointed superiors. There are perhaps two or three persons in the congregation who hold the same views as their late pastor, and allow him to associate with them and come into their houses. He is an excommunicated priest, and I wish you to understand that such conduct is wrong in any individual member of the congregation. On my last visit to this place, in a meeting of the members of the congregation, one party stated that I wished to remove your late pastor because he would not give up the money that I might apply it to the general use of the diocese. I never asked him to give up the money, but merely to have my name substituted for his along with the other trustees. On coming to the diocese, I laid it down as a rule for my own guidance that the moneys subscribed in each district should be spent in that district. This I explained to your pastor, and also to the person who made the statement although that person had no more to do between pastor and bishop than any other member of the congregation. I have no more desire or intention of remov- ing the funds from this district than I have of the funds subscribed for church purposes in Warwick or Toowoomba. I have merely asked to have my name substituted as a trustee in the place of that of a priest, and be in the same position to deal with the money, along with the other trustees, as that press formerly occupied. It has been asserted that, in my correspondence with your late pastor on the subject of his removal tram my diocese, I have used such terms as I might have addressed to a bullock-driver. I have a copy of that letter here, which I in. to W"' and let you Judge (The letter was to the following effect :-) " T, " St. Mary's, Sydney. I have to require you to return to Sydney by passion Sunday. I have appointed Father Tully to act for me, and he will take an in- ventory of the church furniture. I have to request you to transfer to me the money and property of the church, and substitute my SET, " yours as trustee of the funds of the church. have already told you that on my arrival I made a regulation which precluded me from removing funds for the general purposes of the diocese, and by this letter you see all I required was the substitution of my name as last man the Place of that of your late i,7" i! lie unwarrantable statements which have been made on this subject have caused me considerable pain, and have tended to destroy my usefulness. I called upon the individual who made them to retract, but he cannot do so, for whilst attempting an explanation he left the matter still in doubt, and concluded by giving me a lecture upon the AftPOt- ]]n? of conduct I ought to pursue. £3. wd»"jmg in this line of procedure, this individual almost assaulted a gentleman on leaving the church, and charged him with writing to me to repeat the opinions which m; boon publicly expressed. I had never to 2'"ï'*i from that gentleman on the divan; The third step taken by that day Was to denounce the crosier Lnlw Pain We Place in the Legislative Assembly, although he occupied the position Tl," "As a representative of the Catholics. waves?' we find a man fong his SS father front of the altar, and commit within his pastor, endeavoring to ml Infuriated mob to imitate his ex neiLD. .6ï?ulpation of his own conduct, he represents. that of the chairman as faulty any of individual had no more right than SAWS of the Church to speak " Seh IST Fairman Td pastor of the lW T A 40 the 7Ísh?8 office meting say I do trust, and. J wis* with my whole heart, that those misguided men may see the error of their course, and retrace their steps. It is a most extraordinary thing that I should be slandered on the ground of money, for I expended over £5000 of my private means in forwarding the interests of my mission, which I never hoped to be repaid. I also expended about £1850 in the passage of priests and nuns to this colony, and I expected to receive something like that amount back again on my arrival here. Previous to my arrival I had been working for about two years, and I certainly expected that during that time something would have been set aside for your Bishop's support; but what are the facts? On my arrival in Brisbane I found adopt of £750 remaining on the church there, and the furniture of the altar not even paid for. The furniture for my own house and for the residence of the masses had to pay for, so that altogether, instead- of finding some provision for me on my arrival, I had a debt of £1200 to £1300 to begin with. You are all aware of the interest I feel in providing for the educational wants of my diocese, and the steps taken for the establishment of grammar schools ; I saw the Act, and applied to the Government to allow me to avail myself of its provisions, for this I had a right to ask ; you know how my application was met, but the subject is not yet set at rest. Something has been attempted to be made of another matter. A squatter named Fitzgerald, who died on the Logan, left me half his property for church purposes ; you may think that the half of a squatter's property would be a very grand thing ; I may, however, tell you that it will only be somewhere about £100 when the debts are paid. I have no desire to gain wealth for myself; I have to work for God Almighty. " Seek ye first the kingdom of Heaven, and all other things shall be added thereto." I have never been troubled about such things as had been referred to on my own account! and the party who spread those reports only did so as an electioneering dodge ; knowing the jealousy existing between Brisbane and Ipswich, he made use of it with a view to gain political popularity. I am a sacred person; I have been ordained, and received the Holy Ghost; any one committing an assault on my person commits a sacrilegious act, and comes under the censure of the Church, and any one attacking my character commits a most gross and sacrilegious act. (Some reference was here made to Ribbonism, Whitoboyism, and secret so- cities.) There was another society called Brownings; there were certain deeds which the members of this society undertook to do at certain prices-poison or murder had its price. There was a certain portion of the Press which occupied the place of this society -it does not occupy its own proper sphere, but interferes with matters with which it has no business. This portion of the Press caused a sort of civilised Brownism to exist ; the people who owned this portion of the Press in England and Europe, were principally Jews, who made it a money-making specula- tion ; they were supported by the Carbonari and secret societies of Europe; they had nothing whatever to do with religion, but were essentially opposed to Christianity. Christ commanded us to love each other; these Carbonari teach equal rate to all Christians, and whilst doing so enter into the affairs of religious bodies, oppos- ing the members one to another. Devil's devil number one, is set against devil's devil number two to create quarrelling and dissention. I ask you to unite with other religions bodies in putting down this infernal institution. I say put down that portion of the Press in this town which kept the town in confusion two years ago by discussion and correspondence of two parties, one a priest, and the other a layman of this church ; Protestants also had a part in this discussion. How is it now ? This portion of the Press now takes part with those men, and again we have confusion ; just as it is at home and on the Continent, so it is with the Carbonnii here. I most earnestly pray before God that both parties may return to their duty-the priest to his duty as a minister of Christ, and the layman as a humble member of the church. I did all I could to save him from his head- long course, but by his obstinacy I have been obliged to become the instrument of his punishment. You cannot look upon the building in which you now worship without recalling your late pastor to mind. Pray for him I pray for that poor miserable deacon who used so match exertion to get this church erected pray that he may see his folly and come back to his duty t I could not allow him to continue as your pastor, knowing that he had refused the sacrament of baptism and other rites of the church to the poor who could not pay for them because you could not pay you could not get the ordinances of your religion. Oh, pray for him I pray for the other parties also. I have been charged with using harsh means towards your late pastor ; but if I allowed his conduct to pass, how could I appear before the judgment-seat of Christ? I am placed here to rule over Christ's Church, and I should not do my duty if I allowed it to be disturbed by a demagogue and a rebellious priest. I am called upon to take a calm decided course of action according to God's commands, and I pray that God may bestow His grace upon these men, that they may be restored to their duty, one of them no longer as a leader of Catholics, but to a humble place amongst the members of the congregation. Princes have done penance on their knees at the doors of the Church, and such conduct was the fruit of a great mind. Narrow higgottcd minds, however, always acted in a contrary manner, and were puffed up with pride and self-conceit. I pray that, during the services which are to be held here in the course of of the next fortnight, these erring men may return to their duty, and all shall be forgotten. Pray that they may do so ; until then let them be to you as the " heathen and the publican." This law was made by Christ, not by me. If they return, and confess their sins, they will be again received into the bosom of the Church as humble members of the congregation, but will have nothing whatever to do with ecclesiastical matters again. The Bishop then read the lesson of the clay, and delivered a short exhortation against pride and self-conceit and concluded by recommending the congregation to attend to their duties during the coming fortnight, when special services will be hold.- Queensland Times, August 19. THE Inglewood Advertiser states that " some ten days ago, two diggers, J Eakins and mate, working at the head of M'Kenzie's Gully, Old Kingower, found at the depth of twenty feet a nugget of pure gold, weighing 200 ozs. They have not determined on sell- ing it, as it is their intention to take it home if possible. They are the same party who lately found the ninety-four ounce nugget. Within the last month, each of them has cleared £500. There are several persons who have worked for the last twelve months in the same neighborhood without seeing the color." WISDOM IN THE NORTH We observe an apocryphal legend going round the Southern papers to the following effect:" When the Duchess of Sutherland was questioning the children at one of her charity schools in the North the other day, the teacher asked, ' What is the wife of a King called ?' ' A Queen:' bawled out one of the philosophers. The wife of an Emperor?' 'and Empress, was replied with equal readiness. "Then what is the wife of a Duke called?' 'A Drake !' exclaimed several voices." John O'Groat Journal. The Gardeners' Chronicle states that Sir Joseph Paxton is about to construct at Passy, near Paris, for the Emperor of the French, a new Crystal palace of such dimensions that ours at Sydenham would sink into insignificance if placed beside it. The installation of the Duke of Devonshire as Chancellor of the University of Cambridge took place on June 10, with imposing ceremonial. The Senate-house had been fitted up for the performance of Professor Kingsley's installation one, set to music by Professor sterndale Bennett. 