SUSPECTED MURDER. THE inquest on the body of Mr James Lynch, aged twenty three years, was commenced yesterday, morning before the City Coroner and a jury of thirteen, at the Observer Tavern; George Street North. After the inquest had occupied the greater portion of the day, Its farther procedure was adjourned until tomorrow (Thursday) morning at 11 o'clock. The evidence taken daring the proecediogB of yester. day is as follows : William Sherlock, carrier, residing in Palmer-street, first called and sworn, said : I recognise the body lying in the Dead.bons», Circular Quay, as the body ol James Lynch ; he was a native of the north of Ireland, and twenty three years of ago ; he has been nine years in the colony ; I am married to the deoetBOd's stepmother ; bo . was single, and at ¿ne tima was a olerk in Ibo Watorloo Stores; he resided with me until within the last four or five months; latterly, he Btopped at Martin's publio house, Pitt-ttres» ; - he-WBB a very healthy young man, and llvod on tbe btBt terms with his family; when he became of age, ho became posocasod of samo property, bul hs sold it ; I am not aware that he waa pressed for .money; be was on friendly forms witb a Mr. Goodwin, residing at Maitland; I am nw ro he kept com. pony : with a girl of the town named Annie Garrott; I heerj that ho bad a quarrel with ber, on tbs Syn day previous to his being roiBsnd ; I last saw him alive either to-day or to- morrow fortnight ; he then had tea at my plano; he appeared to be in bis usual spirits; be knew bow to manege n boat; I heard he oould swim well; I am not aware t>--' he know a girl namodL'zzio; he generally oarao ù.<. he not returning as usual, I irnng.. - ho WBB on the sprco; 1 .i«7or observed his intolleot impaired ; I know ha parob.-. ed a diamond ring and ii ¡;old Albeit ohain ; be wora a blue oorded ooat-tho ono produced ia tbu samo ; tho bat produced ia tbe oao he woio; there aro loiters in my house Bent fo him by Annie Garrett ; they appear to bs very affectionate, in one Homo hair was encased ; I belltvo he took out lett»ra of administration on bis uncle's estate,end bad £300 plaoad to bis orodit in tho bank ; I eennot say whether bo drew the money or not ; the lotter prodoood bears deoeaeod's oignatnre; tho gold oróssand bey are similar to what bo had; tha promis Bary rote for £1#0 produced, signod by Mr. Clarke, ia made in favour of dcooaBod; I novar know him to take any liquor on tho water; tbodny on which ho waa miss, lng waa a fine and oalmday; ho at times woro a Crimoan abirt with oollaro, and a small noollie, occasionally a aoarf with a pin« Tho lotter referred to by witness is addressed lo a gen. tleman at East Maitland, end wordod as follows : " Monjnr, September Sib. 1062. " My doar Al,-I dara say that you turo boan wailing analonaly far an answer to your last. I.havn boon on inn apeno, nith G It- last night and 8»turdr,y ulplil. in I fool vary *lok to day. I told M- last n.'sbt you wished lu hour Iroih bim, but coys that bs will wrltotojou. I nm geln, l i aonil Annie Q- ta Melbóarno tn a dtay cr tiro, that ia, if ulm will no- Iamgolntr oat this aftornoon for a pull In a beat. Il la Uio aarno O--that . £on roesu that iron Veno, K-'a frli-ná. Ï lntond to soup tn (altland next Tbilratliy, just to [[(il nut or Bvdnoy. Writs and let ma know whit la going on, or lr Ito i-nriu trlilla. i . Vonis titily, 1 ".Unas T.VTtci;,-' Senior-eergaant Powell, of (ho Wotor Polloe fi'oroe, on j oa ! had buen piohert op bottom upward', efl Malcolm's ' < BPJáBBIBtffi Wharf, and that anapioton of soma iterada being drowned existed ; I prooseded to . the plsoe, and oommenoed dragging between . there and Olatk's Island; I did so in different paris of the harbour on Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, S.tardey, and Sunday morning. About eleven o'olook yeaterday morning, after being there for about an honr, I saw the body risa to the surface of the water about one hundred and fifty yards Irom me, and about a quarter of a mile from Malcolm'* wharf, and between Garden and Clark's Island ; the stockings and boots were on; ono leg of tbe trousers hung over his fool ; the chest was covered with mud, and biaentraila'pratruding through a out in his abdomen ; I removed tho body to the dead-house, Cironlar Quay, where it was identified as tbat of James Lynch* theooat produoed was given to me by . man in the eerviee of Mr. Maloolm ; two boys on board the sohooner Chance, lying in Double Bay, said tbat on the evening before tbe boat was pioked up-they beard eries like " Ob, oh," coming from tbe direotion of Clerk's Island ; a person ia the employ of either Mr. Thornton or Mr. Dight Baid that on Monday week he heard ir:ea like " oh, ob," and "police ;" be said that he did not think muoh of it, as they bear snob things frequently ; the boat ia not injured or disfigured ; I-tbongbt the body bad been attaoked by some kind of fish,: moBt likely sharks.. James Mahalan, servant, in the employ of Mr. Malcolm, residing ot Darling Point, sworn, said ; About 30 minutes to 8, on Monday evening, the 0 b instant; I waa at the water's edge, on my master's premises, , when I saw a boat botica - upwards about thirty yerda away; the'moon was. shining ;. I got into a dingy, went ovor to ths boat,and witheiittlo trouble turned her up, the rudder waB floating about in tho boat; I found ths ooat produced, tied to one of the eeats; .£ towed the boat ashore; I took the purse pro- duced, containing some paper, on|" looking over which I found the came of James Lynch; from tba ooat I also found tbe gold key and cross prodused in the purse ; the hat I found floating tbortly after I pioked up the boat ; I handed the ooat, purse, and ita oon I en ts, over to senior sergrent Cowell, to whom I reported-the circumstance; the night was very oslm; 1 tried the boat close to the Bbore and found sh o was not easily turned over ; there was a bat'en in it recently broken; «I Baw no signs of blood ; if there had been any disturbance on the water where I found the boat I -'must' have' beard it bot I heard none;-! Baw no females about my masters' place that evening. - ? ' James Punch, sworn, said : I am a member of the firm M'Grath and Punch, boat proprietors, Woolloo- mooloo Bay ; on Monday week I-heard thal deoeoBed bad hired one of our beata i about two o'olook tho «ma dayl went round toBtubouttera*. Bay;.I.saw deoeaaed in one of our bootB, about one hundred yárdá from tbe shore ; I asked bim what he was doiug, and be Baid bp was wailing for a girl; be waa perfeotly sober; alter leaving bim, I ssw him wave his hat towards the hill ; I looked in that direction but saw no person waiving in return ; : the ghost was' not: near Mr. Malcolm's houBO ;. the boat wonld carry six people wiih safety ; . I think, the weight of a body on tho gunwale would capstan it;.he has had the ea mo boat before, and knew well how to manage one ; there is uo appearance of it having been run into ; tbe Btrotohtr in the boat .might have been Irokeu by a kiok.' ". ' Johanna ..White, proprieteresa of a publiu-house, at Ruabon tier's Bay, on oath Bald : On .last Monday week, about,two o'olook, a. man of darkoompleo' ion and small .size, ai d about twenty-one yearB bf age, wearing darkish coloured clothes, and carrying a coat on his .arm, waa at my, plaoe, accompanied by a female, wearing o darkish pla'd droBB, visite, and hat: . .she. was of. dark complexion, stout built, and about twenty-three yoara of oge, the mon spent a-shilling, and they remained about a quarter of an .hour in the house;, they took away no drink, and passed out the baofc way, whioh ls a regular' pathway to the water;, the man's ocoent was Irish; about a qaartsr.pBBt two the same day,'ó gentleman carrie'to the house and asked for a pint of ram'; he' woro blae ooloured alothes, and was about twenty-two years pf age; ho wore à hat and ooatliko tho'one produced ;' he'said be would go up theroad a bit and leif, sod returned for the rum ; I cannot say when he returned';' my Meter told me be had brought, a pair of oarB,' wlifob h j' bad' loft' et tbe kitchen door, and oame round to the front; ho was alone, and come from the direction of tho water ; I remarked to my lister at the time that I had 'Served him with a bottle of brandy the. week previous j the man who aboom panted the woman was oldcri nod'not so tall aa the' latter one ; I eaonot Bay who took the oars. \- Annie {Garrett, residing with o Mts; Thompson,' ia Palmer-stree',, sworn, said : I know tho deoeaaed ; I have' been about ton .months, acquainted with bim;. I ladt saw bim'about ten o'olook on last Monday week; "wo parted good friends; 1 never bod a quarrel of consequence with bim; ho was alone, and did riot say where he was going to; I - was '' under his ' ' koo[>idg ' a: the' ' time, and appointed, to "meet him that 'evening at eight J o'olook . at. the ' corner - - of " King ' and Macquarie streets;, ho waB thea to have given 'me' Borne money; I kept the.appointment,'bot be was not-there; he stopped nt my plaoo on-Sunday night; and 'when leaving on Mondoy morning wore the bat and ooat pro- duoed; - he sail be was- going - either - tbat--or the next' day' to North Shore ; . he .-generally oarrled a pookef-book containing a promissory -note and a braid of hair, whioh I gave bim ; I om- not acquainted with a girl named Llzaie, neither ami aware of deoeaaed having been so; I was not going boating with him that day; oftor he waa missed I- mado inquiries respecting bim ; it was rumoured the) he took a girl with bim in the boot, and both were drowned ; I heard that Madame Ponder discharged a girl from her establishment jester, day week; deosased did not board with me; I do not know any person who bad anyill-will towards him. ! By Coroner: Alter he was missing Mr. J, Canning ham, proprietor of a public.house at the coiner of King and Castlereagh streets, told me that be saw deoeaaed speaking to a stout short girl, who was at Madama Ponder'r, and whose name, he thought, 'waa Lizzie; deoooBod - and I bad no wort's about a girl ot Madame Fondet'a; deoeone'd bad neither gold obain noir wotoh on Monday week, nor for some, tim* previoua ; be told rae be lost bis ring In Bligh- stroot j 1 oannot say what beoame of hiB watch ; I gave him the gold cross and key ; I have been in a boat with deosased ; I was at home at' two o'clock on tho Mi ndsy in qaostion ; I was not jealous of bim. Madame Josephine Ponder, milliner; -George-street, deposed that Bhe bad no person in her employ; nor hail abe discharged one, bearing the mme of L'zzie; «he had not, discharged any female from her ' establishment for a long time. . George Woodooik, a duly qualified surgeon, sworn, said : I examined the body ol tba deoaneed lying in the dead-bouso, Ciroular Quoy; it was naked, and slightly deoompdskd ; it was eut and laooratcd in all partB, from the hoad to tho bips; tho bowols wera'protrudlog through the abdomen, port pf which was out or torn away ; a wound on tbe right side of tho iaao iuvolved only oupor. ¿olaf teasels; thora was an abrftnoo of coagula; tho edges of the wound wero soft and yielding; from tho absence of gangreoo, and the effusion, bi adhesive or purulent matter thia wound, in my opinion, oould not have been inflicted during life, at least a considerable time beforo death ; about this were other various punotared wounds, similar in appearance, but not so large; the ' right arm' WJB much laoerated, and tho right radius fractured above its middle,; tbc.ro were slr distinct outs or laoorationB near the elbp'w, and ' tho wrist muoh lace- rated by deep wounds; thora were two small punctured wounds on tho shoulder", and five deep onea on tba loft' arm,noir the elbow ; the left thigh was also lacerated ; there woro ten other punctured wounds just above the knee joint ; I oponed tho body, and found that the wound on tho right Bido'of tho fuos in the atnto described; all tho wounds in my opinion wore inflioted aftor death; the right side of tho hoart was gorged with blaok blood, sind tho large vessels near lo it mush diBtendod; tho livor was healthy, but largo; I am lolly impressed with the belief that dooeased Idled hy asphyxia from drowning, and not from the wounds on hin body; thora was'On abBonos of grit in tho wounds, conBcquontiy, I do not tblnk Ihoy woro ic dieted by tho rooks ; I am sot nblo to say what tho woundB woro caused by. By coroner : Tho torn atnto of tho tremors corresponda with the wound on tho loft hip ; tkoro wan no appenranoo of sand or grit in tho nails. Dr. Egan was also examined, and stated daring his evldenao that fio n the nppcaranoo of doooasod's liver ho should think ho had boon a vary bard drjnkor; Further investigation waa dirooted to stand over until Thursday (to-morrow) morning, at ll o'olook, COMMUTATION or SKNTKNÍÜ».-At tho last sitting of the Central Criminal Court, John BobinBOn was roatenccd to death for shooting his nif i Ann Orth at Shoalhaven, about flvo years sinoo. Tho jury, in giving their verdict, strongly rooommendod ' tho case to tho moroifol oorialdoration of tho judgo. Ills nonar, Mr. Justioo Wiso, who tried tho case, no nt in a report to tho Exeontivo Connell last Monday, tho roBlilt of whiohwas that tba punishment bas boen oommutod to fifteen years Imprisonment. To Once cnn A»r>'Ornan*.-Wo Tfiah to call atloDtlnu to Ilia nitfnslro «nil Important Haloa of Orooerloi, Oilman's Blorol, f-CcarortlaodforXlilo Uornln«, »t lt, by lionT. L. E. Tun'il lu'l.d MJII Co., al tliptr Hooinn, I1U2, Otorgo nlrent. ÜQHTiicit'n noora *riu Briol-».-Firet of ibo no.-io«. of nomi monthly Aliolloil Union of Minio rrally olluloo Uosils.-Monnrl. W. lip Mi nail Co. rpijuriHl un tu illino! th .1 tu prom! nltmlloii of tl opt tint (Hin« lluvni- muit tl o ivaito ta ttmlr Mute. coiumeootuB at ll a'etooV.TJili Dey. 