THE -RIFLEWOMEN' 'OF ENGrLAJTD. ' Iir rogard to fominino capability of work, thoro aro rospoctablo pooplo who coincides iu j opinion, with that philosopher whosiretplifiodthoemploy ment- of-women-quostion by representing a model wifo as nualiflod, at tho least,, '.tp.sucklo fools and chronicle small beor.' . Only Uhoy put it in a nicer way when they state that a woman's highest mission is fullillod in tho dischna-go gf hor domestic duties. Thoy thinlc it absuVd for woman to aspire to tho vocation 'of bankers' clerks, doctors, or lawyers. ;Tho weaker soi, thoy say, might ns well protend to bo soldiors. Well ; but this U less than .what tho, weaker sex havo actually done.' Thoy* have not only pro tended to be, but havo really been soldiers. Thalostris and hor subjects woro no contomptiblo troops, and tho King of Siam in the. present day, maintains a corps of eticctivo female warriors. Joan of Aro is ns much a fact us Mary Somer villo or Harriot Marl ineau. Military and civil women of genius arc hoth possible. Mrs. Fry wanted nothing but orthodoxy to bo fit for a bishop, and Lola Montos, possibly, would havo madont least aVfair a general,- These, to bo sure, may bo Raid to bo exceptional cases of sj.rong mindod and able-bodied women. But women of tho averago standard appear, to furnish somo evi dence of aptitude, to n ecrtniii extent, for tho profession of arms. It seems that considerable numbers of ladies,' herb and. thoro, havo formed themselves into shooting-clubs,- and nro actually applying themselves to learn tho use of tho rifle. This now study or nmuscmonr, which may Buper sedo tho gamo of 'cryquet,' is deprecatod by a writer in tho Volunteer Servian Gazette on Grounds of which one, certainly, domands serious attention. Tho rocoil of a riilo in n noighbour hood so close to a most delicate organ as that of the shoulder is justly represented to bo highly clangorous. Tho Amazons derived thoir name from tho mutilation which tho use of tbo bow and .javelin required thorn to onduro ; and riflo Bhooting is much. raoro opposed than archory by tho conformation of tho female bust. Tho best of all reasons why ladies should take the greatest possible caro how they manage rifle prnctico is tho fact that a kick in tho breast, con tinually repeated, would' bo tolorably sure to induce cancer. — Weekly Dispatbh. SwEVEXnona a-'» ma Spieits. — As Sivcdon borg was crossing tbo Malar in company with aome ladies, he-began, as usual, holding conver tion with nobody. ' Why, Mr Swedenborg, what aro you chattering about?', asked one of tho party. J' Silence, woman, I am holding conver Bation with .my spirits.' Tho lady wa3 not shut up in that manner. ' Spirits ! Why how many have you ou board tho boat?' ?' Twclvo, madam, who nover leavo mo j' and ho angrily turned his back upon tho inquirer. Tho Dalkullus (boat - women) oxchanged glances. On landing, Swedenborg proffered a coin in payment. ' Thirtcon marks, if you please, Sir — not ono stiver less.' ' And why, pray?' romonstmted ho. 'Did you jiot Bay, Sir, that you had twclvo spirils on board ? Aro wo poor girls to pidl thorn ovor for nothing ?' Tho visionary, who feared neither ghosts nor devil, paid down tho farn demanded sooner than encounter tho clatter of two women's tongues. 'Princo Napoleon,' says tho Indejicndance, ' travelling under tho namo of ho Count Meudon, set out from Paris on Saturday afternoon to pass ? ten days in Switzerland. This jdurncy, under present circumstances, has given riso to a host of comments. Some affirm that Iho Princo will appear under an incognito at Turin to consult with his father-in-law, King Victor Emmanuol, as to the settlement of tho aflairaof Italy'; . others ' contend that the solo objoot of tho Prince's visit is to improvo tho relations between Switzer land and Franco. In our opinion he has gone simply for tho purpose of visiting his property on the bordcro of the I«lo of Goboto.' Gahibvldi *asd Turtle Soup. — A Touoa If+KJ.— Mt-Henri do Pene telh the following1 itory in his' ' Cauaerie,' in tha new journal La'Francs ?„ — 'About thirty yeara ago, -when he sect of St. SimoDi'ans, ridiculed, and almost jorsccuted in Paris, emigrated in groups to tha SaVst, Klecien David (author of tho new opera Lalla Roo&h;, which was successfully brought -ut tho other dny at tho Opera Comique) found limself ploughing the blue waters of the Modi tfrranean, on board tho Clorinde, it rakish littlo nerchantinan, bound for Constantinople* linong his fellow passengers were n'evc'ral youug nen, poor and despised liko himself, but who, ikoliko himself,- havo since in. -them several ?ocations risen to tho pinnacle -of fortune and ame.'i One warm evening, as tHio vessel -nearod hi3(c'oast of Africa, 'Fel^cion Ijiivid was ? pacing 'iff clock in close conversation! ?vfith tho^ second lmfe'pf the Clorinda. oh athlot{ij, bold-looking, mi withal modest and thoughtful ybutfg man, vho had sought the acquaintance of these Frenoh 'reamers, uud informed thehii that ho was an 'Inlian patriot; something of a Curbonaro, but or tho moment the course of events had weaned lim from politics. '\Vhat. is thaty1 .suddenly isc.luiinsd the- composer, ut the same) tinio point ng out to tho sharper eyes ot his sailor oorapa 11011 _n,1iHelii spot floating at a considerable di3- ancb from fhoship. ' ' That is a turtle, and on« if the largest -kiiidr. Tim English say they make amous sotlp. ; '.They arc vory scarce hereabouts. iVhat can that ono -bo doing so far from tho -oast / There, look how it springs out of the vater to breathe!' ' AVo got no' turtle' soup -at ileiulmoiitant,' said Felicien David with* sigh 'thinking of the short commons of tlio Simonian 3Inb), 'and I should not bo sorrv to know what t is like. How do they catch that fish ?' ' At oa tlioy are harpooned liko whales ; but tho iraplest and best way is to look out for thorn vhen they como in slioulj to lay their oggs, and hen tako them hi strong nets. Thoro is a bird manner, but that is'soldoui resorted to, for t is dangerous.' ' Well, what is the third way ? Cilia living soup, this floating delicacy, is not, hen, hiirinlcb ?? 'Oh! by no means. You night as well have your leg or your in- inbotween woSholliold razors 03 within a turtle's beak.' Oh dear! Well, but about the third way of Hitching them ?.' ? ' I will show it you,' quietly -oplied tho second mate* of tho Clorinde, and at he word ho-nlungcd into tho sea, ' accoutred 03 io was.' A few minutes afterwards ho roap icarcd upon deck, streaming like a fountain, omowliut bloody, but holding liis prey in his iandi — ' You shall have your turtle soup,' ho aid to Felicieu David. ''What rashness !' said he latter. ' Oh i'.suid Uic officer of the Clorinde, hrugging his shouldovs, ' a littlo soonor, a littlo —what matters !' — and he went to his cabin to thange his clothes. I forgot to mention that tho iamo of tlio second mate of tho Clorindo was Foseph Garibaldi.' The 1'atria of Naples tells the following pain ill! story of brigand violenco : — 'A (aw days igo eight brigands scoured tho country in tho leighbourliood of Eptundella, in tho province of Biisilicntu, carrying oif with them from different ilaces u communal councillor, a rich landholder, m ex-gondanno of tho Bourbon- Government, wo joinors and cloven women, including threo ?oung' girls. Thoy. took them all iuto,,lhe wood rfPoIicoro, crossing tl(o Sinnn, stream. They ;hon committed outrages upon tho women, tho ;rios of their victims only exciting their forocity noro than o'vor, so -that ono of thorn, named Mariangcla Mbntessomb, . received fourteen ivounJs with d stiletto in consequenco of her resistance. Tho brigands then lot thoir prisoners ^cf, except two, whom they tortured for two lays in tho most barbarous manner, aud then iet at liborty after exacting enormous ransoms. In tho province of Capitanuta a party of brigands surrounded, si farm belonging to the brothers Murtuseolli, nnd ordered them to give up Ihcir arms and ammunition. Upon their refusal tha miscreants collected all-tho,.catllo in an open spot and shot thorn down, thus causing clamago to the amount of lS.OOOf. In tho neighbourhood of Misnccia, the brigands set fire to soreral fin-ins, und ' killod ten porsons, only desisting and taking to flight on seeing a party of troops arrive. Near Cainpobatso. 13 brigand* pillagod tho houso of a peasant named Picco, wlioso son thoy carried away, and only rolcasod on. payment of 100 ducats. Tho brigand* under Chiavouo, who infest tlio 'district of Avellio, a few days ago shot a woman, aged *-0,, on ouspi cion of her Imving informed against them. Tho Neapolitan' papers nro. loud. in their complaints of tho neglect of the au'tliorities to tako'' ofTcotivo measures ngninst tho brigands.' ;. -, * An. account of a popular demonstration which took placo,nt Naples on tho 15th. is givon in a lettur-'froni'tfiat'city, dnWcl tho succeeding day : — 'As it is well known that a demonstration was intended, tho Communal Council, the Syndic of Naplci; arid tils prefect oach issued a proclama tion in the morning calling upon tho people to take no part therein, but to havo confidence in tho Ctngjind, Parliament. Thoso proclamations wore lorn down as' fasV'as 'tlioy woro posted, and writ ten papers headed ' Protest ofthe Pooplo,' stuck upbvtrywhero announcing that the1: do'mbnjtra- f'ons- would.tulce placo, and. thut if any disorder occurrod it would bc-tho fault of tho authorities. Before 10 o'clock 8,000' or : 10.000 .porsons assembled in tho Strodti di Toledo,* and. paraded Iho '-street s'-'shuiiting I'Viclor-'.Emmanuel for over ! ' Garibaldi for over ! ' and Homo or Heath!' . Tho- 'National Guard and troops had boon under arms, for nearly an hour, and occu pied tlio principal strategic points. Near tha Royal Palaco two companion of Grenadiers barred tho pussogo of tho crowd, which thon pro ceeded- towards- tho Xargo delta Sarita, and Boon after mot a company of tho National Guard, pro ceded by its band, which at the demand of the mob. played Garibaldi's hymn t'irco times over, notwithstanding tho prohibition of Gonoral Topuli. The orowd had dispersed boforo noon. Tho only incident to bo lamented was a bayonet thrust, not dangerous, given by a National Guard to a fellow who called him a Bourbonist. Tho troops remained on duty, till late in tho night, but no further disturbance took place. Te Deum was sung at tho church of SantaMaria Capclla in honour of tho Emperor's/era. Princa Colonna; tho Syndic of Naples was present.' Tho 'Patrio' announces that tho Cabinet o£ tho Tuilorios. appreciating tho onorgy displayed by tho Itnban Government has acldrcssod a Jotter of congratulation to General Durado. Tho 'Times' correspondent, however, says: — ;' Tho Emperor has recently exprossod, in' vory docidod terms, his condemnation of tho Garibaldian movemont in Sicily, and is oven of opinion that tho Turin Government is not quite blumolean in the matter.' Marshal Magnan has addressed . to the National Guard and regular troops that took part in tho review of tho 14th of August, a com plimentary order of tho day. Moreover, th» Commandant , of tho National Guard has received a letter of acknowledcmont from tho Minister of the Interior. ? It is stated- that tho Prefects of Departments havo been instructed to obsorvo tho utmost vigilance on all porsons -returning from London, ai it is believed that a mooting of Fronch demo crats had boon held in that city for tho purpote of determining tho lino of conduct thoy should follow in tho coming olootions. Moea-N, the VESTBiLoaciST. — Somo years ago, one Moron, a slater, possessed tho faculty of ventriloquism in a vory extraordinary dogreo-; from tho tops of the houses ho could accost travellers in the streets', in a voico that scorned to proceed from tho noxt passenger. This man was employed .to work at tho . now . episcopal palaco, built by Primate Bqbinson, at .Armagh. Ono morning a labourer, who -wrought about the promises, was terrified by a . hollow and dismal voice, that proceeded from a dark 'collar in a houso that had belonged to tho late Thomas Ogle, which his Graco tho Primate had given orders to pull down. Ho was summoned, in e. mannor that ho found it impossiblo to resist, to descend into tho dark terrific vault.1 Trembling, agitated, and perspiring at every poro, ho obeyed tho awful mandate. When ho was in tha cellar, profound silonco prevailed 'for a few miuutoj. Tho same voico then solomnly uttered theso tlfomondous worda : 'lam tho spirit of a murderorl ,to-nigl*trl will .visit you in, -tho little room of your-Tatchon, and communicato to yon. tho. horrid crimes I havo committed. If you tegard your lifo horo, or your salvation here after, meet me in that room at twelve o'olock !'* — Tho poor labourer wna unable fo otter a. syllable, and v^lth trembling hnoeo, ho betook '.- «' ' ? ? ? ; ? himself to life house, sent for the vicar of his parish, and encouraged by his proucnoe, auaitod the approach of the awful hour. Twelve o'clock, '.however, cirao, but the spirit came not. Next morning ho was obliged to ' resume his work ; whon ho cams opposite the samo spot, the same voice again accosted him, but in an clovatcd and ougry tono—' Beware how you bring with you the vicar to our interview. This night let ino meet you alone, at twelvo o'clock, or your destruction will enaue.' Tho wrotchod labourer, thus beset, 03 he thought, by preternatural powers, obeyed. At a quarter before ? twelve o'clock, he was ecatod at a little tabU in his room. His apparatus, for defence against tho spiritual visitant, was a Bible, a sword, and a b&ttlo; of whiskey. His pallid lips were altor-; nately applied in ejaculating pious prayers to Heaven, or swallowing exhilarating drams; and :his trembling hands now and then grasped, and -then dropped tho usoless steel, as his courage rose and fell. Meanwhilo his wife and daughters .stood almost breathless, at tho outsido of tho door, counting the tickings of a cuckoo clock. At length, at tho first sound of tho expected hour, a deep groan was heard in the room, and a noise which, to their affrighted oars, seemed to iresomblo tho fall of .a thunderbolt. Tho poor labourer had dropped down poworlees on tno floor. His imagination had overpowered him, and . at tho first stroke of tho clock, ho had tumbled ;on the ground a senseless lump. All his vital powers wero suspended for a long time ; and, after their revival, the poor fellow was deprived for ft considerable poriod of tho exerciso of his understanding j and, if it had not boon for tho humanity of William Johnson, fathor of tho ?celebrated architect, of Dublin, ho would havo perished a wretched victim to tho trieks of Moron, tho ventriloquist. The calf of a thief's leg is an appropriate! placo for o placo for u dojj's teeth to hold a mooting. If a young woman's deposition is liunpowder, the spark should bo kept away from her. Beauty is a stronger wooertlian loving words ; no tho woman woo us more than we do them. .To A gathering of learned friends, Ailam Smith said, as lie was dyinj, '? I believo wo ? mast adjinirn this meeting to another placo. A spiteful old bachelor «ays of the now stylo of bonnota : ' Their only redeeming feature in, ? 4hey afford room for a small conservatory on tlio top of tho head.' Upright Men. — Wo love upright men.' Pull them tliii way and tho other, and they only bond, hut never break. Trip them down, and in a trije they are ^on tbeir feet again. Bury them in the Mud, and in an hour they will bo out and bright. You cannot- keep them down — you cannot de3troy tbem. They are the salt of ^he earth. Who but .they, start any noble project ? They build our -cities, whiten the ocean with their sails, 'nnj blpcken the henvons with the smoke of their engines. Look to them, youn.' men, and tako courage. Imitate their -example, and catch the spark of their energy. 