THEATRE ROYAL. ; MR. BARKY SULLIVAN AS ' HAMLET.' The anticipated performance of 'Hamlet, Prince of Denmark,' by Mr Barry Sullivan had excited an unusual amount of interest- in Mel bourne, as evinced by the immense audience as sembled on Saturday evening.iat his Australian dib&i.; His reputation as an. actor ,Jxad. preceded Mm: and. irrespective of -the testimoriv borne to his ' merits by the English preBs,. there were doubtless many present who had witnessed . his successes in past years upon other boards, and . ? had thus their own previously acquir ed iinpres -, sions to rely upon. These 'felt almost a 'personal interest in Ms triumph. Without desiring to be invidious, we do no tr hesitate to pronounce Mr Sullivan's Hamlet the best ever presented upon . the 'Victorian Btage ; and we are disposed, to doubt— -Fechter notwithstanding— if there .is another living actor who can favorably compate ?with him in this masterpiece of character-painting, Mr Sullivan's rendition of HamUt is a finished . performance; without sacrificing breadthibf effect,, the nicest touches are, delicately arid distinctly limned. It is pre- Raphaelite in detail, but still massive and compact as a whole. Ifeiathe Samlet we would feel entitled to expect from a scholar — from a close student of Shakespeare— from one who would not sacrifice a word to gain a meretricious effeeH-from the artist who makes his art his study, and who has earnestly delibe rated over every situation and every phrase until he has arrived at fixed conclusions. The results are- then given us with such ease that we lose ' sight of the. means, in the apparently un studied perfection of the effect. Nothing, proves this actor's ability more than the results, he achieves without apparent effort. ' There is an absence of noisy declamation, or melodramatic gesture, and his poses are eminently statuesque. He,glidea through his part with such consummate ease arid quietude that his audience are com pelled to rapt attention, lest they should lose a glance or a gesture; and thus -the slightest of these obtains the recognition it deserves. . Mr Sullivan's Hamlst is riot, a- mere repeating of the. words of the play. He is in no doubt as to $he author's intention, and having : formed his con ception he turris to account every legitimate point in sustentatiori of his predetermined conclusions. There' is the elegance and refinement of the 'homo ad tinguem,'' without any sacrifice of the force of the 'Hunts vir.' The general tendency is reposei which throws the more striking scenes into' powerful relief. 'He gives the impiession of act ing under rather than over his powers, and that he subdues rather than exaggerates his capabi lity. ? - ? . ' ? : ??????? v ?.''?.? Mr Sullivan gives us some unaccustomed read ings , in most of which we are jfiilly prepared to go with him. 'We shall instance one or two. In Hamlet's first appeal to the Ghost, (Knight's edition of Shakespeare) the text gives us-)— ; '??.,.??? ' What may this mean -r- . '' That then, dead corse, again, in complete steel, ' Bovisit'et thus the gUmptses of the moon?' ' ? Tor the ? word italicised, Mr Sullivan reads '? dread ;' which, whilst it sustains the impres sion of Hamlet's terror at the apparition, saves the text from the flaw of a redundant . adjective. Again, in Hamlet's soliloquy before his interview with the Queen',— '- , ' Now could I drink hot Wood , And do such business 88 the better day .Would quake to look upon,' The transposition, thus :— 'And. do such bitter business as the day,' &c;, is an obvious improvement upon a reading com mon enough with commonplace Hamlets. If we 2ieard Mr Sullivan aright he gave us, in describing JPojbnius at supper, 'a certain convocation of ' palated* worms at« e'en at him' for 'politic' worms. This we should not. consider a desirable emendation. The force of the qualifying term 'politic' is very great — suggesting, as it does, a sort of retributive justice upon the King's quon dam political adviser— and is thus replete witli pungent satire upon human mutability. Enough, of verbal criticism, which might be inde finitely extended. Air Sullivan combines with the genius which is an absolute requi site in such a part as Hamlet the physical qualifications for an agreeable and forcible interpretation. He possesses a lithe and graceful figure. Hinface, without being what is usually termed nandsome in detail, is intellectual in ex pression, the eye being large and bright, and his features are . sufficiently mobile to express with equtil force the whirlwind of passion, tha intensity of acorn, or the beaming gentleness of love. And this brings ^us to one particular charm in his acting— his chivalrous demeanor towards women. Towards Ophelia, even'; sVhen he compels ..'himself to address her with feigned harshness; there is a constant ebullition of tenderness, revealing itself through the disguise which ho assiimes to delude , the listeners of whose contiguity h'e is aware. Hamlet's return to the stage after he finally bids Ophelia 'to a nunnery go,' waa a conception of Edmund Kean's. He kissed Ophelia's hand Mr Sullivan presses his lips to her brow ; lo our view, much more in keeping with therelation of Mentor which he had been assuming towards her, at the same time implying something more of the lover than the other more formal mode of farewell. Again in the scene where, closeted with the Queen, he holds up to her the hideous deformity of her sin. Mr Sullivan shows that he has taken to himself, in its literal sense, the advice of Hamlet to the actors— for in the/very torrent and tempest of passion, he never forgets that Hamlet i a gentleman, and that he is speaking to a ?woman, although a sinful one. The harshness of iis language is evidently forced from him ; and although ho repulses his mother's attempted em braces, he does bo with gendeneas, thus p«vurtray ing how painful is the struggle between the divided filial nffection due to his dead, wronged father, and that to his liviEg, pinning mother. To recount the situations _ -where Mr Sullivan most distinguished himself ?would be \to catalogue the scenes in which lie appears. We sha'l however, select ono or two. Upon the occasion where he resolves to follow the Ghost, and where Horatio and Mar celhiB endeavor to forcibly restrain him lest evil befall him, and as he hurls them from him, saj ug passionately — ' Unhand me, gentlemen ; ?' By Heaven, I'll malic u ghos of h;ra that Iet3 mo— 41 I say, away ! ' and as in the very act of human rage he turns .towards his father's spirit, passion instantaneously diestbut 'of frame and voioe, as he falls into an attitude' of filial respect for his spiritual visitant ; arid continues sjftly—- ; . : . ' v s - ; ;«* Go on-I'-ll follow thes,' ..._,,..,- ? . .-. the effect was electric, inadequate though our' description may be. The avoidance of the usual accent upon the penultimate pronoun, and the placing it .upon the final substantive in the;folv lowing, gave it a new and much more general and appropriate signification:— . ', . , , ... ?iThere are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, . . Than are dreamt of in your philosophy.' ~ . ? '^ We have already mentioned the excellence of the two interviews— that between Hamlet, and Opheliay, and again that between Hamlet and the Quean. We neyerheard better or more expressively de livered the beautiful lines,' ««What a piece, of work is man ! How noble in reason! How infinite in faculties ! inform arid moving hoW express and' admirable ! inaction, how like an angel! in ap .preherision, how like a' god ! the beauty of the world ! the paragon of animals !' ;; 'Again, in the self-reproachful soliloquy '&%? the end of tha second act, whan he doubts his natural courage, and re proves his own' wordy Enaction towards righting his father's wrong, the audience were wrought up to the highest pitch of excitement. The world celebrated. ' To be, or not to be,' and the grave yard contemplation of poor Yorick's skull, were worthv of the restof Mr. Sullivan'snerforcnance; When he appears amongst the startled nqgurnera/ announcing hiDoself,.'.''1 This is I,— Hamlet, the Dane,' his voice rang out with a clarion clearness showing what'it is capable of when in perfect order. In the filial scene, Mr Sullivan shows how inteU ligence and stage experiesee overcome apparent difficulties. It. has always appeared to us rathe* unnatural in the personal struggle between Hamtet and Laertes that vhe foil should change hands so that the poisoned weapon finds its way to the control of Hamlet, with which to inflict Laertes' death wound. Mr Sullivan gives naturalness to the scene by dropping his own weapon when he feels the puncture of Laertes' point— -arid then, in his suddenly-aroused desire ./for'-^revenge, ' he rushes upon the latter and wests from him tha envenomed weapon— the latter picking: up the dropped foil of Havilet, the combat is renewed. It is bynice attention to theso minor points'that a per fect and compact unity is attairiedv Tlie death of Hamlet, as illustrated by Mr Sullivan, ' is marked by none of those convulsive 'gymnastics Avhich degrade tragedy to the level of melodrama. ? Mr Sullivan, upon his first appearance, received a ' cordial recognition from many who remember him upon distant stageB, arid at the conclusion of neatly every act vras called before the curtain, upon the final fall of which he seated that he hoped to present his audience with a more worthy representation of . Hamlet than he had given: them upon this occasion, as he was sufieririg severely from hoarseness , owing to the sudden changes in the weather. We do not think we exceed the limits of fact when we say that, with the exception ' of the leading v part, there were only two others worthily : played— and these were the Ghost by Mr Henry N. Warner, and Laertes by Mr H; Edwards. Mi-JWarner wtis as expressive and as little monotonous as can be. expected when the only gesture permitted is the silent wave or beckon, and where ?; grave, monotone is an exigent necessity. The audience received' him warmly. Mr Henry Edwards made a very accoptable Laertes, and his performance was riot wanting in fire or vigor. Miss Gousenheim was undoubtedly painstaking as Ophelia. Beyorid this, arid possessing the personal attractions which aid the impersonation of such a part, we cannot add anything complimentary. It seemed that we always had Miss .'Gougen heini before us, and not ? Ophelia. Th& Shakesperian heroine is, we fear, out of her line of business. Mrs Poole disappointed us. 'We thought she could play tha Queen, but some of. her most pathetic efforts had 'the rather undesired effect of exciting the risibility of the audience. The King — we forbear to name his representative — neither looked, walked, dressed, nor talked like a iv.mg. J.JJ.U vmy to.m%\\.y Liiuig uuuau iniu wua that he exercised his royal prerogative in not taking the trouble te know the words of his part; and thereby caused a dangerous hiatus, whioh sometimes results, very unpleasantly. The audience, however^ exhibited much good-humored forbearance. Mr Gardner has not the faintest sqneeption of the character of Polonius — unless indeed a strong Hibernian accent be considered sufficient, qualification. The words ^f Horatio's part hod been so extensively cut down that there was nothing left for the holder of the role ; this was, perhaps, quite as well under ! all the eircumr stances. Mr Harry Jackson ought to know hotter than make the First ix- ravedigger & buffoon. The practical illustration of staking a header,'-'. . when he suggeststhe alfernative, ' if the man go to. this water arid' 'drown himself,' was sadly out of pla^e. Iiosencrantz and Guitdenslern. did not convey to us preconceived, impressions - of courtiers of Denmark. The play was but poorly . mounted, and more attention to the department of the costumier would be very desirable. We are aware that the pre-engigoment of many of the best aetars and actresses renders it diffioult to secure the services of a firat-olaDS company, but the management should make a more ambitious effort than that of Saturday evening. Mr Sullivan had tremendoua difficulties to encounter in carrying through the play to a successful iasxio. The possession of one trump card will not secure the same unless there be some others to back it. We believe that Mr Barry Sullivan will austnin the favorable impres sion he created in the ininds of a Melbourne audience, on Saturday evening, by his splendid realisation of the melancholy but brilliant Dane. . ' .', . , ' 