VISIT OF THE GORGON TO THE ZAMIA BEST RIVER, AFRICA. j Mr. Sewell, of Her Majesty's ship Gorgon, has supplied a London paper with some sketches in connexion with the recent visit of that ship to the Zambesi River, and the following descriptive details of the visit :- I " Leaving the island of Johanna on the 15 his January, under orders to proceed to the Cape', the Gorgon steered for Mozambique, which the reached on the 19th. While employed coaling and provisioning, a brig hove in sight, She showed no colours, and her odd manoeuvres created a suspicion of her being a slaver. She, however stood in towards us, and proved to be the Hetty Ellen, of Newport, laden with the sections of a small iron steamer, the Lady Nyassa, intended for Dr. Livingstone. She has also as passengers from Natal Mrs. Livingstone, Mrs. Burrup, Miss Mackenzie, the Rev Mr. Hawkins, and a Mr. Stewart Mrs. Livingstone was trying to join her husband. The rest. were en route for the mission station sit Magomero, situated on the right ban,: of the Sheep, and under the charge of Bishv Mackenzie, brother to the lady of that name, above mentioned. Mrs. Burrup was ohio making her way to her husband, who had preceded him, last year in the Gorgon, from the Cape. as soon as it was known they were immediately sent for and entertained on board the Gorgon. They landed, to have a look at the town, T. e Governor showed them every civility, sending his., Aid-de-Camp to the landing-place to reoeivotboir, and providing BOdans for their accommodation , These were very acceptable, as there are no., vehicles of any description at Mozambique. The ladies enjoyed the trip exceedingly ; it threw new life into them, after having been pent up for more than six weeks in a miserable little brig of 200 tons. They had had bad weather and hard fare principally salt meat, indifferent biscuit, and bad water, which it was at times impossible to drink. ''From Mozambique we proceeded to Quill j main, in order to obtain intelligence of Dr. Livingstone. We anchored off the bar of the, river on the 26th, along way from the shore. The surf was running so high on this the word bar on the coast that boats were not sent in till two days after, when it in some degree modu- lated. The boats behaved well and got over all right, and we reached the town, situated about fifteen miles up the river, in good time. The Governor's civility and hospitality could not be exceeded. We had the satisfaction of hearing that the doctor, in his little steamer the Pioneer, was trying to make his way down the Zambesi to reach the mouth of the Congony ; the Gorgon, therefore, proceeded there without delay with the brig, but on getting off Luabo the Pioneer was discovered at anchor inside the bar. Captain Wilson immediately communicated, but nearly lost his life and that of the boat's crew, for his gig was swamped in going over.. The next morning the doctor came out in his steamer, when a happy meeting took place between him and Mrs. Livingstone; he had been down some days, an I was anxiously looking out for a man-of-war to provision him. The members of the expedition, consisting of Dr. Kirk, Dr. Moller, Mr Charles Livingstone, and Mrs. Gedge, were all well. From them we obtained intelligence of Bishop Mackenzie and his party ; they had established themselves at a place called Magomero, on the right bank of the River Sheri, about 350 miles from the Congony mouth of the Zambesi, but had unavoidably come into collusion with the natives in their neighbourhood, the Co was. Fortunately all disputes had been settled, and they were on good terms with all up to the time of Livingstone leaving them, " In consequence of Dr. Livingstone representing that it was most desirable to get his new steamer the lady Nyassa up to the Murchison Falls before the Zambesi began to subside, and thereby save twelve months' delay, Commander Wilson decided on rendering every assistance in his power in furtherance of the object in view, Fifty men and officers were told off, armed, and provisioned for a month, with the intention of their being employed in discharging the sections Of the steamer into the Pioneer, and accompany- ing the latter vessel up to the falls. " On the 1st of February, when all was ready, the Pioneer took the brigand two of the Gorgon's paddle-box boats in tow, and steamed over the Congony bar, and anchored in a little way inside the river, when all hands immediately set to work to clear the Hetty Ellen. Placing the sections of the Lady Nyassa on the deck of the Pioneer, they took up every inch of room and reached halfway up nor masts. The work was expected DouBly and cleverly performed. A quantity of the G.O.o.D. Mission goods was landed beside the Portuguese Custom-house and placed under tents, it being impossible to carry them up in the Pioneer, no other mode of transit having been provided, " On the 9th we commenced ascending the river. It was soon discovered that the steamer was too much immersed ; it was with difficulty she stemmed the strong current. For five days she plodded away, till at last all her coal was expended. We had only made about eighty miles. Attempts to procure wood were all but useless, the banks of the river thus far being lined with nothing but long; rank grass, and only here and there a palm riding like a ghost upon the same scenery around. A boat was therefore despatched ahead to try and get wood out at Chupanga and Bent down in canoes. By the aid she was enabled to reach Chupanga, where a part of her load was put on shore Finding it quite impossible to calculate the time, or reckon upon the steamer reaching the falls at all within the period for which the Gorgons were victualled, the paddlebox boats returned to their ship, leaving only the gig, with a party of twelve men and three officers (Commander Winson, Dr. Ramsay, and Mr. Sewell), behind. These, in two boats, washed up the Shore in order to convey Mrs, Burrup and Miss Mackenzie to their mission station. Commander Wilson had given up all hope of the Pioneer being able to get up in any reasonable time, the state of her engines and wheels rendering it impossible to got sufficient , speed to stem the current. On March 4 they reached Chebesn, the nearest place to the station ; there they received the melancholy intelligence the death of both the Bishop and Mr. Burrup. Commander Wilson endeavoured to communicate with the station, but, when within a day and a half of the place, was struck down by fever and had to be brought back. Messengers were, however, sent on; when Messrs. Sunday more, Bonney, and Walter came across the country and met the party. The particulars of the late of the Bishop and Burrup were as follows They had endeavoured to reach the Ruo in order to meet these ladies, who were expected up the latter end of January last. On their way down in a canoe they were capsized, and lost all their medicines, clothes, &e.; This accident brought on fever, of which the Bishop died on January 30, and was buried by Mr. Burrup. He was also attacked and returned to Chobesa, whence he was carried to the mission station, and breathed his last on February 15. " The Pioneer had discharged all her cargo at Chupanga, and the doctor has determined to put the Lady Nyassa together at that place, tow her up to the Murchison Falls, and there take her to pieces again. This, will probably occupy the best part of the season, so that unforeseen circumstances have disappointed all the hopes that were formed at first starting. "The Pioneer brought down the Gorgon's party to the entrance of the river on the 18th, and intended returning to Chupanga with the rest of the steamer gear, which had been landed on her first arrival. The Gorgon had been driven away from, her anchorage in a gale, and did not return till April 2, After giving the Pioneer all the provisions and stores that could be spared, and which were calculated to last several months, we parted company with Dr. Livingstone and his party, with three hearty cheers, on April 4, en route for the Cape. The Gorgon's ship's company has suffered considerably from Cover, nearly every man and officer having been attacked." Death by Drowning. We are sorry to have to record the death by drowning of a fine little boy aged three years, son of Mr. Gilk, Kangaroo Flat. From what we could learn, it appears the little fellow had been playing with some other children, when his mother suddenly missed him, and immediately made search. After some little time she observed some flowers floating on the surface of a waterhole, and called the attention cC her husband to the fact. He probed about with a long stick, and at length succeeded in recovering the body of his child. The usual appliances in cases of this kind were resorted to, but, life was extinct, Bendigo Independent, Oct. 28. Gardiner. We are informed, on the most reliable authority, that the notorious Mrs. Brown, near whose residence Sir Frederick Pottinger. made the fruitless attempt to capture the re-. gowned bushranger, and who had since quitted the place where she was then domiciled, is now - located near Wheeo, where the amorous brig and has renewed his visits, he himself hanging about the neighbourhood in company with three of his n rates, severally known as Topham, Buggy Jim, and Long Tom, and that he has been seen there by parties who knew him within the last week. \- CouicViirn Chronicle, Oct. 22. Railway Accident.- Yesterday, as the after- noon train was - approaching the Elphinstone al at ion, a man in charge of one of the ''dobbins" placed on the line was thrown by some strange means, through the saying of the horse, in the \t hello, right before the engine, which, with all the carriages, passed over him. Fortunately he was thrown straight-in the track; and only the law of the engine fire-box actually struck him, to he escaped, at all events, instant. death. He was taken up, and brought on to the Castlemaine Hospital, where he now lies. He complained more particularly of his left side and back, but there is every probability that, thanks to the way in which he fell, the injuries will not prove fatal. Mount Alexander Mail, Oct. 28. 