;t:M rv!'-'.-i-' .'; --...v.;. ?..-. OTAGO. : ' ; -;-: ' :- 11 ' J By ' the Omeb, which arrived on Thursday, we ?ihaye.our^files of Otagopapera to the 1st of April/ ^?'V^e make the following extracts :— ?? jj.r Thb Esoout.— The escort arrived yesterday ? ; afternoon , with the - following quantities of . .'?? cold :— From Tuaneka,' 5416 oz 15 dwt : from Waitahuna, 1398 6z -16 dwt ; from Waipori, \-- 1144; oz: total, 7989 oz 10 dwt.— Daily- Times, ?.:i 28th March. : .: ^-^.-\\-: ? -?? ? -;..-.?'? . - .:/': ; .? ' ' 'Thb''; GoLD-FiELDS, WAETAHtrNA.-^It IS tb be :' regretted that a'iriagnificent flat like that through which ;the Waitahuna river flows should remain f unworked; Here and there you find a 'mirier J '?«« pottering ' about, but save the two parties who have' turned the course of the river, there * 'is no one attempting to work this ground in, a ; systematic mariner. Of its auriferous character there' cannot be a doubt, but it will require ?not only the combined efforts of a considerable ??? body of men, but also the investment of capital to ,, produce anything like a profitable result. If some of your Dunedin capitalists would cease to invest 'their money in the eternal round of substances ?'familiar to the commercial mind, and turn their attention to the production of an article al w.ayB saleable, never liable to damage, and at ' present lying ready tb the firsthand that has, suf- ficient energy and pluck to grasp the prize, nb\ doubt, as in business, some would be unsuccessful ; . but that gold is distributed in paying quantities, ? over the flat, and that the ground would pay * ] handsomely for systematic working, may be learnt ; from the following : — -About the middle of last December, three parties of miners, se^enin each: Dartv. were wbrkirie the banks of the river within-. '' different success. After some delay, it was at length agreed to combine, and with the united strength of the party, make an attempt to turn the course of ;- the -iver:^rhe difficulties met with would have been Guf&cient; to have frightened any body of men less' reliant on themselves, or who had but ''small confidence in their ultimate success. First, : the opening to the new bed was badly chosen; ; ;?'?' next, their dam was repeatedly washed 'away, and .?; the cutting itself was beset with difficulties. ; TheBe, however, -were surmounted, and last week 'the river was turned and the old bed laid open tor *':working. ; The work finished, the party broke up, and as prior to the combination, became divided ''into three sets, each having allotted a third of ?the length, of the old bed. They are all doing r- well, arid will be handsomely rewarded for their ; '][ exertions, but the middle party appear to have hit ''? bin. the best portion. Although the river has been ''diverted/ into anew channel, the old bed is not free; from water, but presents the appearance of a ? liae of water- holes. On visiting the place where 1 inese men are woriung, one - 01 tnem ? vi^ent into a pool knee deep and brought ! out' a shovel-full of drift from the bottom, and ' washed it off on the blade of the shovel. Not ? withstanding that in lifting it through the water, a 'considerable portion was washed away, there ? 'were over sixty ' specs' on the shovel— proof de ?; moristrative that the lucky owners; would make their '?pile;' ;: As there is a large portion of the 'river which has never been touched, Itrustit ?' also will be worked ; and I have no doubt but ? that whoever has the pluck to undertake the 1 labor will have no reason to regret the venture. I'notice Hill arid Smyshurst have a considerable ', quantity of timber on the ground, preparatory to ? ? the' building of the bridge across the Waitahuna. When completed, it will be of great service to the unfortunate draymen, whose difficulties in con veying goods to the diggings are sufficiently . 1; numerous, without subjecting them to the chance , 4of being drowned in crossing the river. German ;-, Gully. continues to employ a tew men, who ap ;,pear toybedoingwell ;? but there is nothing like the bustle and activity prevailing about a month ...ago. At Waitaliuna proper, everything is very ? idull, and the population has sensibly decreased. : No new ground has been opened,. and those who . are working are either 'fossicking'' ©Id claims, or sinking for ? ?? pillars' left by the first miners. ??Hill sinking does, not appear to have been so suc . cessful here as at Wetherstone's, certainly it has . mot been carried on with the same vigor and deter ? miriation.— Correspondent of Daily Times, 1st , April;, ;,: .???? v ' ?' : ? ? :_ 'TtrAPEKA.-^The rush to Tuapeka River still ? continues, and many of the miners working on its banks appear to be doing well. I heard of a party of five miners who divided £80 worth of gold 1 amongst them, as the produce of one week's 'labor.' The diggings seems to be taking this direc tion, and the river is being prospected for more ? than eight tnileB below the Junction. Reports of other large yields have reached me, but they are . not authenticated. Yesterday a ru6h took place to a gully running into the Tuapeka,- near its junction with the Molyneux. There are over six ?'J1UUU1OU XU&UCA0; VAX VUC7 £AISIAUU, -«1AU bU» £7* UD£#d?bl? 'obtained 'are first rate. The sinking is only about ? twelve feet. deep ; and as there is plenty of scrub in the neighborhood serviceable for firewood, and . in some instances even thick enough for props, it is to be hoped., the ground will receive a lair trial. ..I trust this, will be done- for the prospect obtained is as' good aa almost to lead to the ( belief that a second Gabriel's has been discovered. ', .The entire country lyingin this direction looks auri ferous, and deserves to be prospected, — not after ithe Victorian fashion, of Binking a hole only large .enough to allow one man to work in, but by a r series of shafts .right across the flat or gully. The gold is distributed through the drift in such an .erratic manner, that you may sink within a few inches of pounds weight of gold, and yet barely .obtain, the color. As , an instance of this I may ??mention that the party who first sank on the VBlue Point,' at the head of Gabriel's, could soarcely get the color from the bottom of their shaft, and consequently, abandoned it. Another party took possession of the hole and commenced driving, and before they had got in over two feet, they came across a, patch aB rich as any of . the . far-famed 'jewellers' shops' of Ballaarat. As much as 1200 and 1460 ounces had been taken out of the claims adjoining the shaft sunk and abandoned by the original prospectors. If ever there was a country in which steady and conti . nuous working is necessary, it is in New Zealand. And those only will succeed in gold-digging who are content to take the good with the bad, and work quietly on so long as it is possible to obtain even ' tucker.' Their turn will come if they will only persevere. The shaft sunk on the top of the range between Monroe's and Gabriel's has been bottomed and an excellent prospect obtained. The ground haa riot been, sufficiently tested to enable' me to pronounce authpritativety on the matter* but the results obtained are, 'I think, sufficient' tb induce other parties of miners to sink on the tops of th9 ranges without reference to their height above the gullies below. If this ground should turn out well, it will ebnneot, by a1 line of shafts^ Gabriel's with Monroe's. . In the latter gully,- 1 hear of numerous in stances of fair success. One party of four, who finished ' washing up about a week' ago, realised over £160 a man. They have gone back to Victoria, with the Intention; of returning in the spring. When they reach there, and find the dulness and stagnation that prevails, I am of opinion that they will make New Zealand their .'home.:- ;On;WetherBton'8 : there is very little stir- .. ring. Three of the puddling machines have got to work, but sufficient time has not elasped to enable me .to furnish you with the results. If this method of extracting the gold from the soil should pay, there; is work for a large body of miners for years. Major Croker has wisely deter mined to keep the machines in. a line, and to con nect the sludge channels, one with another, each party keeping their own clear, and thus prevent ing either damage to ground which might be worked, or making into puddle water that could be used for mining purposes. I trust that one of the first acts of the Mining Board will be to make regulations affecting the system of washing auriferous earth, so as to prevent the disastrous consequences of an overflow of sludge. Nothing is easier than to keep a sludge, channel clear so long as it is not allowed to settle, but, if once it obtains the mastery, then not only is ground ren dered unfit for working, but: the place becomes uninhabitable. The Deep Sinking Association continue to prcmecute their work vigorously. From, the last report I learn that they are still driving across the reef, which continues to dip rapidly. The prospects washed ate encouraging, although nothing paya ble has as yet. been struck. The gold obtained is coarse and waterwbrn. I have been informed that the escort from Waipori should have taken down a quantity of gold, amounting - to nearly two hundred ounces,, but which, however, has been left behind, owing to the absence of mone) to purchase it from, the , etorekeeper in' - whose , hands it remains. Although the escort this week from Tuapeka is r.ot equal to former quantities sent down, it should be remembered that there is at least a third less people on this field than there was three months ago. To this cause, therefore, should be attributed the falling off in the returns. Mea will leave, with or without reason, and the consequence is a diminution in the yield of gold. There is no, lack of ground -waiting to be tested, every portion of which looks as inviting as that already dug. upon. Until, however, we have an influx of immigrants from home, I am afraid the country will not be fairly prospected.— Correspon- ds;** Daily Times, 29 th March, . Gold in the Deep Sinking. — The Deep Sink; ing Association have at last had their persever ance and energy rewarded by . the discovery of payable gold; In opening out one of the drives, quantity got out is small, it will bewellto vith hold any felicitations upon the discovery until a more extended trial has been made. There was considerable excitement in the neighborhood of the shaft when, the 'find1' was made known, and claims were taken.up on all sides. By Mon day something more definite will be known, and a further trial of the wash-dirt , in quantities will have been made.—- Daily Time*, 31st March. : Waipobi.— From authority on -which we can rely, we are enabled to give some information concerning these diggings. The population now numbers about ,3000, scattered over a considerable extent of country. A considerable quantity more gold is being obtained than appears in the escorts. A great deal finds itB way to towa by private hand, and some is sent by way of Wetherston's. Specimens of quartz and gold are constantly be ing found, and great excitement is manifested on the subject of quartz reefs, for which many are prospecting. The rush at the Black Rock is about six miles only from Waipori. Some 300 people are located there. There were rumors of a rush in the direction of theLindis, but nothing authen tic is known, and the report is probably un founded.— Daily Times, 29th. March.' ; The Races.— vThe principal matter of local importance during the last fortnight has been the Dunedin Jockey Club Race meeting. This oc cupied; four days, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and Saturday last, and we may safely say that they were four days' of excellent sport. The amount of the prizes run for was not very con siderable, being under £1000 altogether ; never theless, horses from Yictoria, Canterbury, and Southland, appeared to contest the victory with the Otago lot, and in some cases with signal success. The Otago horses, however, did better than had been expected of them, and took & very, fair proportion of the prizes. The Provincial Cup (presented by Mr Jones, of the Provincial Hotel) was won , by Mr Julius's 'Kaurie Gum.' The races went off in excellent style, and the management of the stewards gave the greatest satisfaction. So well pleased indeed were the sporting men attending the races, that when it was proposed that a Champion Race should be got up for next season, Mr Jones offered to head a list with. £100, and to guarantee a £1000, and before night he had the full £1000 promised by different . gentlemen. He has most liberally un dertaken to lodge £1200 to the account of the Champion Race Fund, so that the stewards may advertise the race without delay. Thb.wobkino of the coal and lignite in differ ent parts of the province is likely to be vigorously prosecuted ; already a considerable quantity has been raised at the gold-fields, and is being Btored for winter u&e.;'to be retailed to the miners at poBt price. At the Clutha, also, coal is being raised with a view of shipping to Dunedin. The navi gation of the riverB of the province is at present engaging attention; The Clutha or Molyneuxto the south, and the Cattlin to the north of Dune din, ore both likely to prove very valuable in this respect. A Melbourne firm has offered, through an agent here, to place a steamer on the Moly neux, and to run it as. tar up as the ferry, and thus to open cheap and easy accommodation to a fine tract of country, and to cheapen the transit of goods to the diggings.. The tenderer offers to do this for a subsidy of £500. He also offers to remove snags at the rate of £9 each, as is being done in the Taiera river. The Cattlin river is proved to be navigable for a distance of some six or seven miles, but boats can go higher up ; and it may, doubtless, be capable of improvement.— Daily Times, 1st April. ??.... !? Daeing Attempt at Robbery at.thb Junction. — -Yesterday, three men visited the Junction, and after prowling about the various hotels and grog shanties, entered the Commercial and asked for npbblers. They.put down in paj ment a : £5 note, evidently with a view to ascertain where the cash box was kept. The note was changed, and infor mation was thus afforded them as to the where abouts of. the . ' swag.' They immediately left, and their after proceedings were characterised by considerable ingenuity and daring. On leaving, they went to a refreshmerit tent about fifty yards above the Commercial, and here managed to se cure two watches that were hanging behind the bar. These were not missed until after the at tempt on the Commercial. After staying some time drinking, one of them left, and on proceeding to the Commercial asked for dinner. This was providedifor him, and in the meantime his two companions left the refreshment tent. Shortly afterwards the report of a piBtol was heard, and the ball, passing through the corrugated iron composing the end of hotel, whizzed past the head of the cook, and struck the partition behind. As a matter of course, every one rushed out to see who had fired the pistol, and they had no sooner done so, than the man who was unconcernedly eating his dinner, made his way to Mr Weatherby's room. The barman, 'Frank,' returned somewhat suddenly and thus frustrated the attempt to get at the cash box. On hearing him coming, the fellow made off and has not since been seen, although the nolice are unon his track. The barman acrain went to the back of the hotel, and seeing smoke about the watercloset, went to it. Here he found two men, one with a revolver in his hand. He immediately collared the latter, and after a strug gle, managed to wrest the revolver from him, and assistance coming up, to secure the man himself, meanwhile the other fellow made off. Informa tion was at once given to the police, and Sergeants Bracken and Thompson, accompanied by the bar man, proceeded to Wetherstone's, under the im pression they would be found in soine of the ' shanties' in the neighborhood. While standing, in one of them, the barman saw one of the menpaBS ing, ank immediately pointedhim out to the police. They no sooner made their appearance than the fellow took to his heels, and ran ofi as fast as he could. After an exciting chase, he was se cured and taken to the camp. While there he re fused to give his name, but it is believed that he ?is a convict from Victoria. The name given by the other man is William Wilson, but as they are to be brought up before Major Croker to-morrow, something, more ,of their antecedents will, no doubt, be ascertained. On the person of Wilson was found the sum of £17 10a in notes, and one of them, it ib believed, from a peculiar mark on the edge, will, if identified, lead to the discovery of the perpetrators of a robbery that occurred some time ago at Waitahuna. Considering that it was broad mid-day, and in a crowded thorough fare, this is one of the most cool and impudent aUempts at robbery that haa ever been committed. Daily Times, 26th March. Ckinohne in Rhtmb. — A lady with a crinoline, was walking down * street — her feathers flutr tered in the air, her hoops stuck out some feet. She walked the earth as if she felt of it she was no part, and proudly did she step along, for pride was in her heart. She did not pee a curly dag which walked close by her side, all save the curly tail of which her crinoline did hide. His tail the dog with pleasure shook — it fluttered in the wind, and from the lady's crinoline stuok out afoot be hind. A crowd the tail did soon espy as it waved to and fro, and like a rudder seemed tb point the way the maid must go. The curly dog, right pleased was he, the quarters he had got, and walked beside the lady in a kind of doggish trot. Each step the lady now did take served to increase her train, while those who followed in her wake roared out with might and main. Some held their sides, they laughed so hard, and others fairly cried, while many even still confess that they'd liked to died. But still the lady sailed along in crinoline and pride, unmindful of the crowd behind, or dog close by her side. But soon another dog espied the tail which fluttered free; it so provoked his doggish ire he could not let it be. But with a deep fero cious growl, for battle straight he went, and 'neath the lady's crinoline both dogs were quickly pent. They fought, 'iis said, one hour or more — the lady nothing knew— but with her head erect sailed on, and did her way pursue. Some say she never would have known at all about the fight, had not one dog mistook and gave her limb an awful bite. But since that day, I've heard it said, that lady ne'er was seen, upon the street with so much pride and sueh a crinoline. — American paper. A Naked Man. — Some two or three months since, as a lady was walking up Har grave street, in the dusk of the evening, a naked man suddenly made his appearance near the Savings' Bank. The same, or another, was seen by several indivi duals on the same and two consecutive nights, at different parts of the town. On Saturday night last, a naked man was again aeen near the corner of Doyeton and Barker streets. A poor woman passing, suddenly met him, and was, as may naturally be expected, well nigh frightened into fits. Having communicated the circumstance to the first man she afterwards met, and directed him to the place, he likewise saw him, but failed in his endeavor to capture from the lightness of foot of the naked one. The audacious scoundrel, it seems, afterwards knooked at several doors of dwellings at the upper end of Hargrave street, occupied by unprotected ones. Surely a little well'directed exertion, on the part of the police, would put an end to such unseemly occurrences. The madnesB that would prompt a man to expose himself naked on a publio thoroughfare, during a bitter cold night like that of Saturday last, would be quite sufficient reason for well-grounded fear in any sound mind. Some three years ago, the Bame thing occurred frequently. The naked on© ?was then called a ghost, and the novelty of the thing excited a great amount of superstition, ?wonder and exaggeration.— Cos-?on»!iin8 Daily I 2Vews, 8th April. Thb Athenaum charges Mr. Boucicault with having pilfered the plot of ?' The Ootoroon' from Captain Mayno Reid's story of the Quadroon. 