SUMMAKV OF MONDAY. AND WEDNESDAY'S NEWS. Politics, f<>r tlie time, are perhaps happily defunct, except that little excitement appertaining to them as exhibited in the election of au MX.A., for Sandhurst Boroughs. The candidates wore Mr. Strickland, Mr. Moore, and Mr. Jas 0'])wy«>r. The Argus of Weducsday says Mr. Moore will be Bure to be returned. Our Melbourne telegrams of last evening, in another page, put into type after this summary is written, will most likely dissolve all doubt upon the s>il>jei-t. The Garrick Club Amateurs here played on Friday night to a good house, aud the pieces all went off very successfully. Oulv £8, OF thereabouts, could be handed to tbe Lancashire Fund, ou account of expenses incurrt'd in :>u emergency. Several seizures of spirits aud fermented liquors have been made by the police at Avoca, Mary borough, and Oarisbroolc. In some cases large quantities of groj, , were taken away. A valuable hors3, belonging to Mr. Jas. Sutton, of Maryborough, was shot with a bullet, within a very short distance of the township on Sunday last. It was found necessary to destroy the auimal. and a reward of £20 has been offered for the discovery of the person who tired the shot, if •wilful. It is hoped. however, the injury was the result of carelessness. The Milling lioard held a special meeting on Friday, and upwards of fifty Managers were appointed for the various Goldfields' Commons throughout the mining district. The shaft on a valuable claim of Mr. King, of Taruagulla. caved in. filling an adjoining claim belonging to Mr. Hammond, and causing damage to the extent of £1000 An important meetiugot the members of i the Church of Euglaud was held here on i Friday, presided over bv the Archdea«m of j Castlemaine. A school committee of six. | in addition to those eligible, ex officio, was | nominated ! The Lancashire Belief Fund hasamouuted ! to nearlv £10.000 iu the colonv of Vic- | toria : £<KX> were sent down to Melbourne from Maryborough on Saturdav night. The mail steamer Madras'sailed with 40.0JO ounces of cold, and £10.000 g A discovery has been made at M'Cul- j lum's Creek if some wonderfully auriferous quartz, some of it more than half its weight ofijold I The escort from Dunollv has taken down j a large quantity of pold. as the result of a i'ortninht's working ! The'appeals airamst the municipal assess-j ment on Monday were very numerous, and ] quite an excitement lias feu created in I Marvb-irough. in consequence of the results : of the hearing before the Court of Petty JWSfiOMS. The surveyors for the much-needed bridge to carry the main road over the creek at Carisbrook have arrived iu that town, and commenced operations. Three or four days of fine sunny weather have again been succeeded by gome heavy rain. The reefing and alluvial milling at Talbot, M'Cullum's Creek, Mosquito, and all around this district, have been very satisfactory during the week ; the results ot frequent retorting of the quicksilver, after it has been strained through the leather, having been remarkably good. The Cattle-yards at Maryborough are nearly completed, and will shortly be let by tender. Ir is neither our desire or intention, in the conduct of this paper, to confine ourselves to the support of any particular religious denomination, as we believe our columns have sufficiently proved from time to time; nevertheless, we must observe that the meeting held on Friday evening.of members of the Church of England here, convened by the Archdeacon of Castlemaine, was trulv a subject for eougratulatiou not only to tte Archdeacon, bul to the well-wishers of the church in Maryborough. It is a long time since so influential a meeting of the kind has been held in Maryborough, and too great importance cannot be attached to its object, which was two- fold,—to appoint a Committee for the supervision of the Church of England School, and "to take steps for the future welfare and interest of the church itself," The explanations afforded by Archdeacon Crawford with respect to the provisions of the Sebools Act were ample and perspicuous, and it certainly does appear that the provisions of that Act are somewhat complicated, and will require modification, before the improving machinery to be started under it will work sroootfilv. Let it not be supposed that this is a subject in which none other than members of the Church of England are interested. The provisions of Mr, Heales's Act are such that secular education will be afforded to the children of parents of any religious denomination for four hours each day, under whatever auspices the school having a sufficient number of scholars shall foe commenced or be supported, and it behoves us all, as members of a community having, or which ought to have, a reciprocal good Feeling to take care that there shall be no clashing of interest*, so far as we Are able to avoid them; no creation of aectarian differences and heartburnings, which we can avoid if we choose. . The Council in Melbourne issued a code of instructions in April last, some of which will scarcely apply when the School* Act comes into active operation; bat the governing body as constituted under that Act 1b of such a character that we may be led to expect liberal and comprebensire regulations from it, Tbe condition set forth as to the number of scholars, to entitle the school to a quota of the fund to become applicable for the support iand furtherance of education is difficult to deal with in the particular instance uf Maryborough, and our Police Magistrate waa perfectly right in his remark on Friday evening, that the subject must be weighed carefully and treated without thB remotest approach to rashness. The consequences of mismanagement are plain, sod no risk must be run that will place any establishment for training up the youth springing up around us in a position of peril as to future support trom head quarters. That a natural, and by no means \- 4< ji ... , umybtilesonie competition will a t i t || uot flifiieiiH to foresee, but slioul<n,h6re be auv likelihood of not complying the condition precedent beiore nientioiiea, it would be wise to resort to the principle of amalgamation rather than damage any existing institution,, i , t» ,, ^ ii Now that the committee is ub we ei newly hope it wilt work for the one good end. aud so Boon as it has received the ^auction of the Board of Education^ au enquiry should, we think, be set on foot as to the probable certainty of the attendance of scholars at the Church of lingland school; nnd not until the enquiry is fully satisfied should the requisite steps be taken to entitle it to the monetary aid. If the Committee commence their proceedings in an intelligent aud liberal spirit, the beuefieial results will be sure to follow; but, above all, no prejudices or sectarian feeling should be allowed to interfere with the mental welfare of the rising population of this goldfield, or indeed of any other portion of tliis struggling colony. A wobu of warning to the Managers of the various Commons of this district! It may fairlv be presumed that nearly if not ail "the Slauagers of Commons have been nominated or appointed in compliance with the " Land Law of Victoria." The Mining Board out of their last Friday's deliberations. have created upwards of fifty Managers for Groldfields in this mining district. These names do not require the sanetiou of the Board of Land aud Works. The Farmers, where Commons have been proclaimed, have pretty well all sent the nauies of their Managers'for approval, and it may be fairlv inferred that when their work begins, the office, although au honorary ou e > no sinecure in point of «rtiial duties to be performed. After the appointment* have been regularly made out and ratified the Managers must look for some ot their dut.es t.Uhe seventythird clause of the Land Actthey have to frame rules for the number of cattle each person may depasture ou their Common; | Uv down a scale of fees, keep a registry of jail eattle take the fees payable, I ^ appoint and pay a herdsman. Bej yond this they have>to apply any residue of monies received to euch pubhc purpose a® thp "constituted local authorities" (a Pfettx wide description by the way), or the '^ard of Laud aud Works, in default of 1 " 6 iou-existcnce ot local authority, The «haU direct. accounts of receipts and i disbursements are to be audited and pubonce a . Tear > e0 must be kept, that is certain. There is a little further business to be done by the Mana- Rers in granting licenses to dairymen and butchers, and in fixing the price of such licenses. The words of warning and of advice to Slanagers are these:—begin your work welL and you will have but little trouble in carrying out your duties. Ifvou can. by mutual suggestion, adopt similarity of system. Much of the successful working of the important machinery set going by Mi*. Duffy's Act will depend upon good management, whilst the want of a careful commencement will assuredly lead to all manner of hitches and entanglements. We don't want to preach, but the duties imposed on Managers of Commons are somewhat formidable, and the interests of a large number of people, spread over a wide tract of country, are involved. Therefore we say again, start veil! One of the healthiest signs of tbe times in this colony just now is the utter dearth of all political agitation. You might as well attempt to raise a'ghost as to raise a partycry ; aud it is found impossible to galvanize a dead grievance into momentary life. The A fit, it is true, is endeavoring to arouse the religious animosities of our population, by asserting that the public offices are being packed with Irishmen and Borneo Catholics, but as everyone knows that tbe rule adopted in tbe public service is to fill up vacancies as they occur by the appointment of officers who hare been previously dropped, even this allegation fails to excite remark. People seem to have arrived at the conclusion that political warfare is barren of practical results; and that the progress of the colony may be more effectually promoted by the introduction of "novel industries," than by listening to turgid speeches, or bawling at public meetings. And such a conclusion is creditable to the good sense aud discernment of the community. Our political institutions cannot well be " liberalized" further than they have been already. Excepting equal electoral districts and payment of members, we have got all the points of the Charter, for whicfi Dr. Hunter contended, when he add reused the mass meeting on Kennington Common, on the 10th, of April, 1848. No man is debarred from the exercise of the suffice, and the poorest and most illiterate person in Victoria is not precluded from election as a member of the. Legislature. The land has been " unlocked;" civil and religious liberty secured to all classes of our fellow colonists; and die avenues to weal$i aud eminence are freely thrown open to the - whole community. It would be difficult, indeed, to discover a pretext for .political agination,; since^yen tbe protectionists themselves have been forced to abandon tbe sophisms behind which they tbe " Inexorable logic of facte,"''wbiSf hat shown them that 'Victoria u capable of becoming a manufacturing country, 'without making any sacrifice of free trade principles. \- :• - • t t.(. - ff t" f Political agitation being either dead »r comatose, tiie energies of our people are; being exclusively directed, to the prosecution of industrial enterprises, #ui the applications for leases under the 27th and 48 th clauses of Hie sew Jguid Apt 'prove the activity of the spirit which- is npw , abroad, and the confidence which is felt in the sew sources of wealth ojiened up to us by the cultivation of the nne, the olifcs, the mulberry, and other products capable of being raised from our fertile soil. We look forward, indeed, to tbe arrival of a time when the aspect of the fairer portions of this colouy will resemble (architectural enterprises apart) that of Tuscany. There are many points of similarity, indeed, between the soil, climate, and physical characteristics of that country, and those of many parts of Victoria; and if we wished to point out an example of what may be accomplished by an industrious t-iciiitig^ud! r, ^p ^ ^ WHM^^jffe tter instance than that bf Tuscany. Not larger in extent than Gipps Land it supports a population of nearly 3,000,000 souls; and the whole face — y lat o^fMrflfflOa^eu. motti • ire as hot Sre \fir winters are much colder. Its rivers, iike many of ours, are torrents at one season of tlieyear,and shallow rills at another. It has "no nsvigablo stream like the Murray, and but one seaport. Nevertheless, the industry of man, and the bounty, of nature, have converted it into a Paradise; and no one who has ever crossed the Appenines from Bologna, and seen Tuscany lying, like a map, at his feet, but must have been fascinated with tbe loveliness of the prosj gence cany ' will* become. Our natural advantages are as great, our mineral riches far greater, and tbe energy and intelligence of our people still superior; while our system of agriculture is infinitely preferable to that which prevails there. But in two important par* ticulars the example of Tuscany is worth quoting. She is a large producer of wine aud oil, aud silk ; and she established the principles of free trade years before they were introduced into England by Mr. Huskies on or Sir Bobert Peel; and hence tbe manufactures of Tuscany assumed an importance long before the commencement of the present century, which they have never lost. Tbe silk manufactories of Florence, the woollen fabrics of Prato, and the cutlery of Pistoja, may vie with those of any country in the world. Nevertheless, the wages paid tp the .factory operatives are higher 'relatively tothe cost of living) than the wages of the fiatne class in England. The wines of Tuscany have acquired (peat celebrity, and the produce of the soil is so abundaAt that while a quart flask of the choicer qualities is procurable for about teupeuee at the respectable hotels, a light aud wholesome wine is vended at 2£d a quart, at the little roadside inns. We have' tasted wines, however, the growth of these colonies, equal to the best of Tuscan; and we trust that the day is not far distent when tlie product of our vintage, will be brought within the reach of all classes,'and sold at a price which, while it proves remunerative to the grower, will enable it to be Been on every tabic at the noon-tide and the evening meal. Hat this anticipation will be realized at no very remote period, is appai«nt from the rapid extension of vine-cultivation and from the impute it will receive from the favourable provisions of the new Land Act. Nor is it for vineyards only, that leases are being applied for, under that law. We observe that the applicants contemplate the planting of the olive, the mulberry, tbe hop, the almond, the French and Turkish prune, the cider apple, tbe banana, the orange, fig, and pomegraiute, together with tobacco, cotton, and gram. All these products will supersede imports to a like amount, aud will, to that extent, add so much to the wages fund, and the circulating medium of the colony. All these industries will necessitate the employment of additional labour, and will create a demand tor articles produced by local handicraftsmen. The wine, olive, and apple grower will require casks and presses; the preparer of dried fruits will want neat boxes and tasteful labels for his figs and prunes, almonds and raisins ; the cultivator of the mulberry will call into requisition the resources of women and children to attend to his silkworms, aud collect the cocoons; and the tobacco planter will have occasion for hands to pick the leaves and prepare them for delivery to the manufacturer. And all tbe persons so employed must be fed and clothed and housed, and will thus be tbe means of benefitting storekeepers and artisans ol every description ; so that one new industry is the fruitful parent of many others, and each, while participating in, augments tbe sum of the general prosperity, which is Cur more effectually promoted by means like these than it would be by years of political agitation and turmoil. 