TWENTY; TWO OF GEELONG AND THE WESTERN DISTRICT v. THE ALL-ENGLAND ELEVEN. (Abridged í'rom the Geelong Advertiser, 21 st January.) ine captain of the Twenty-two having won the toss, elected to go in first, and the match commenced at a quarter-past twelve o'clock. The minutiae of the play is given below; but in a general way we must express our gratification at the excellent score ma-ie by the Geelong men, which is certainly higher than we ever hoped for. The fieHini: of the All England Eleven is something for our cricketers to profit by; and it is well worth a day's study to watch the wicket keeping of H. H. Stephenson, the captain; the long stopping of Hearne. Wells at point, or Sewell at short slip. But, indeed, they are all exceedingly smart in the field. George Marshall and T. Wray, two metropolitan " cracks" engaged to improve the occasion for country cousins, were the first to wield the willow to the bowling of Caffyn and Iddison. Wray led off with a hit. to leg for one-a good example that waa followed by his colleague twice over. After | a little dalliance with the ball. Wray got a hit to leg for three, which evoked the first applause from thc spectators, the clapping of bands being varied by cries of " Go it. Tommy." Between Iddison's "twisters" and Caffyn'.s "shooters" and "lengths," the batsmen had to exercise good caution ; however, Marshall got a drive to the off (rom C »flyn for two. and subsequently a hit to leg for another one. Wray got another for a poko to mid wicket on, which gave i occasion for the first telegraphic indication of thc score, 10. A bye was obtained; and in Iddison's next over he took Mar shall's stumps. 1 wicket down for 11 runs. George Tait went in to the vacant place, but only lived long enough to receive a single ball from Iddison, which he sent into Mudie's hands. 2 wickets for 11 runs. j Elmslie succeeded, and was not slow to begin work; his first drive fo mid-on giving two. It was now Wray's turn to succumb without adding anything more to his score of five;-he was bowled and caught by Ca flyn. 3 wickets for 13 runs. Robinson commenced to Caflyn's bowling and made a draw for one; his next contri butions to the score were a hit to midwicket on for a double, and slip for one. Elmslie cut to point for one; but he could do no more in the same company, for Robinson's stumps were taken by Iddison. 4 wickets for 18 runs. Cox was unfortunate; be made an unit, saw Elmslie stopping an over, and then gave up the ghost for a shooter from Caffyn. S wickets for 19 runs. Rippon had even worse luck. He went in to Caflyn's bowling, and the ball rising over his head off his bat was caught by Mudie, ami he went out with a duck-e^g opposite to his name. 6 wickets for 19 runs. The "gallant captain," Rennie, next handled the willow, and, as was expected by his friends, be justified the position to which he had been elected by our team. Patiently dealing with his share of the balls in the first two overs as " eye openers," his vis a vis, Elmslie, availed of his chances to make three overs in succession-two by hits to leg and a slip. Rennie's first attempt, how ever, was for two to lon^t field on; and the next a " slog" at a full pitcher for one, which convinced the bowler that the latter style of balls was not likely to give the field an easy time of it. He next drew for two more, which sent the " Kentish fire" raging. Elmslie added another sinsle to the score, and Rennie got two singles, when a fatal ball from Caffyn took Elmsiie's stumps. 7 wickets for 30 runs. W. Timms, a colt in the estimation of his colleagues at starting, but who earned by his prowess the character of a perfert " war horse," took Kimmie's place. He com menced to Caffyn'? bowling, which he played to leg prettily, all tho time exhibit ing extreme circumspection. In the next over, however, he slipped for one. Rennie made a draw for three (great applause), and added another in consequence of an over throw. (Increased applause.) Timms fol-« lowed by a hit to the off for two. Such brilliant performances moved the captain of the All England Eleven, who now put on left-handed Griffith to bowl in the place of Iddison. However, Rennie got one to leg, and next made a fine drive for three, and two more for an overthrow. (The " fiver" put the supporters of the Geelongese in high feather, and the captain was proclaimed " the right man in the right place." How ever, fortune is blind, and to her greatest favorite oft proves fickle. Mr Rennie's score now reached seventeen, and be was destined to make no more, for after another single had been added by Timms, the cap tain's stumps were knocked over by Grif fith. 8 wickets for 40 runs. W. T:iit, a third colt (his brother George being the first) faced Caffyn for his first bail from one of Old England's great guns. He managed to place one opposite to his name «ind then rc-tirc-d. 9 wickets for 45 runs. Smith, »ii- l(:iltMi;'.<i:>n, played very cau tiously; -iud after getting one he abided thrM maiden overs. His nt» contribution was two for an off bili from Griffith, til en a pretty one to leg, and another to point;' which, however, was nearly being the "death of him" in the bands of Wells. There was another cliange in the bowling at this juncture. Smith made another one by a drive to mid wicket on, and Timms fol lowed suit by making one for a bit tolhe off. Smith next scored one for a cut to tbe off, and for a pretty hit to leg another, which was really stolen. Timms cut in the slips for a two, and then got two ones in succession; and Smith, emulous also, got a double off Iddisou, who had given a full toss and. run up expecting a catch; and next a single by a cut to point. After auother single, Timms got a rise at the ball, which he hit to mid-wicket off for four. (Loud applause from the spectators.) This incident led to another change of bowling, but the brace continued to play very steadily. Timms soon got another chance, and made a drive throngh the crowd to mid wicket off for another four. Smith made a cut to the off for one; but the next ball from Griffith closed Timms' career for seventeen runs-the equal of the Captain's score. As the young hero returned to the tent he was loudly applauded. 10 wickets for 72 runs. It was now half-past two o'clock, and the bell rang for luncheon. The resumption of the match took place in less than an hour from its interruption. Bryant went to the wickets in company with Smith, who already had a dozen runs placed to his credit; Caflyn and Griffith continuing the bowling. ** Jerry" got one in.the slips off Griffith; and in the next over he made a first-rate drive to the off for a four; he next got one for a poke; and next an unit for a hit to leg. Smith scored one; and Bryant made a draw for another single. Smith cut for another off Griffith, and gave place to Bryant, to whom the next sinister ball was fatal, for he hit it into Iddison's hands at point. 11 wickets far 83 nins. George Costick was the first of the " se cond eleven" to come to the wicket. He got one to square leg; and soon a second run was stolen. There was one wide ball from Griffith; but after the over Costick was declared out for leg before wicket to Caffyn's ; bowling. 12 wickets for 86 bales. Morres next presented himself to Caffyn's bowling; he got a drive for one, and subse - quently another drive off Griffith for four. A twister, the last of the same over, took his stumps. With another wide ball from Griffith, tbs score was 92 for 13 wickets. McPherson was sent in. Smith received a maiden from Caffyn; of'Pherson hit to leg off his first bowler, Griffith, for one; and soon followed with a drive to long field on for two. Sewell was put on to bowl instead of Griffith. But in Caffyn's next over McPherson's middle stump was sent agee. 14 wickets for 95 runs. H. Timms, the fourth colt, joined Smith, who seemed to have taken a lease of the wicket, though latterly he had not been adding to his score. His first touch at a ball from Sewell caused it to rise in the air, and being caught by Wells, though a bum-ball, it " became a caution" to him to play down. He made a capital drive to the off from Caffyn and scored three. He stood a maiden over from Sewell, whom report gave out to be " the best bowler out of England." Smith was caught at point by Wells, from the first ball of Caffyn's succeding over. 15 wickets for 98 runs. Osborne was the sixteenth man sent in, to the bowling ot' Caffyn, and he got one to leg. Timms got two to a splendid cut to cover point, off the same bowler, Iddison making a great effort to catch it and falling to mother earth. Osborne made another single off Caffyn, and was then bowled out. 16 wickets for 102 runs. Fraser üit one of Caffyn's balls to leg for one, and made a draw for another off Sewell. In the next over Caffyn took his stumps, much to his dismay. 17 wickets for 104 runs. Boosey drew one off his first ball from Caffyn. In Sewell's over he was given out for leg before wicket. 18 wickets for 105 runs. Ibbotson, whose reputation as a past captain cf thc Kensington school, was a tower of hope, even though it was known he had been out of practice for two or three years, next came to the wickets and com menced to the bowling of Sewell; his finished style of guard attracting thc. captain's no- i tice, as was evinced by the directions to the field. Nothing resulted during the over; bnt in the next from Caffyn Timms made a ' draw for one. Ibbotson got one to leg, and afterwards a draw for another off Sewell. At this juncture Iddison with his " slows" relieved Caffyn. Coming out of his ground to play to one of them, Ibbotson was stumped by H. H. Stephenson. 19 wickets for 108 runs. Fisher was nearly stumped in the same way by the last halt of Iddison's over; and for a moment he was certainly dubious of I his " life." Timms hit to the off for one, and soon another to square leg. Lid ison was fatal to Fisner in his next over, taking his stumps. 20 wickets for 110 runs. Armytage, thc " last man," now came forward. He made one for a drive off Iddi son, but was bowled in the next over by Sewell,21 wickets for Ul runs, H. Timms carrying out his bat. The result of the innings was regarded as satisfactory by the spectators, judging by their applause. As it was about hall past five o'clock, and as the stumps were to be drawn at six o'clock in accordance with agreement between both patties, it was not thought that the All-England Eleven would begin their innings. They did so, how ever. Iddison and Laurence went in to the bowling of Bryant.and G. Tait. "Jerry" opened the ball 'with a maiden, to Iddison. Tait's first ball was a " wilie;" the next enabled Laurence to slip for three-the bail having passed through three pair of hands before it was stopped. Iddison drove the next to the off for f.,ur. Eight rans off Tait's first over. Bryant's second over was a maiden. Iddison made another off Tait by a poke to the off; and then he got one off Bryant, which was well fielded by McPher son at mid-wicket on. His next were a drive to the off for one, and then a hit to leg for another. Tait bowled a maiden over. Laurence hit to le? and got two off Bryant; and again one by a slip. Iddison wound up the evening's amusement with an off drive for four off Bryant. The slumps were drawn shortly after six «'clock, the Âil- England score being 21 runs, no wicket down. We append the scoring'sheet: - GEELONG AND WESTERN DISTRICT TWENTY-TWO. G. Marshall, 1 1 2 1, b Iddison . 6 T.Wray, 1 3 I, candbCaffyn . 5 E. Tait-c Mudie, b Iddison.O \- Elmslie, 2 1 1 1 1 1, b Caffyn. 7 A. Robinson, 1 2 J, b Iddison . 4 \- Cox, 1, b Caffyn . I G. R. Rippon - c Mudie, b Caffyn. 0 S. S. Rennie, 21211415, b Griffith ... 17 W. Timms, 12121114 4, b Griffith ... 17 , W. Tait, 1, b Caffyn.J 1 H.Smith, 1211111211111, cWells, b Caffyn.15 J. H. Bryant, 1 4 111, c Iddison, b Griffith 8 G. Costick, 1 1, lbw, b Caffyn . 2 T. Morres, 1 4, b Griffith . i \- M Thereon, 1 2, b Caffyn.3 H. Timms, 3 2 1 1 1, not out . 8 N. Osborne, 11, b Caffyn .2 W. Fraser, 11, b Ckffyñ . 2 W. H. Bonsey, 1, lbw. b Sewell . 1 F. Ibbotson, ll, st H. H. Stephenson, b Iddison .2 J. Fisher - b Iddison .O "F. Armytage, 1, b Sewell . 1 Bye . 1 Wide balls .3 Total, 1st innings ' ... Ill ANALYSIS OF Bowuws.-Caff, n bowled 42 overs, or 166 balls; 21 were maiden overs, 10 wickets were taken, and 37 runs were scored. Iddison Imufcd 27 cvrr*. or 108 balls; 7 maidens, v wiokete. 37 run*. Griffith howled 18 overs, or '-oil?; 3 wides, 7 maii'<:i!í>. 4 WII'IM-I*. ><nd IT r<i"«. Sewell bowled ï5 over*, oi 103 ball-; ls maidens, 2 wicket«, and 7 runs. Bennett bowled ' oma, er to ball»| 8 matitau? and « »Mt ALL -ENGLABD ELEVEN. Iddison, 4 1111 i, not out. 12 Lawrence, 321, not ont . 6 Bves . 2 Wideball . 1 Total .21 BOWLING.-Bryant and Tait bowled 7 overs each. Play will be resumed to -day at 12 o'clock 