METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. From the Liverpool Albion, 3rd March. J London, Saturday evening. THIS being the first day of that month wherein hare, go uneatable mad, and hecatombs of Welch rabbits are devoured in deference to that Taffyised saint whose non angelic symbols are an onion and a goat, it is only in keeping with the occasion that capricornia circumstances should be in the ascendant. Accordingly, the Bishop of St. David's comes forth with a lay pastoral about a black sheep, the like of which pastoral or sheep-was never known before ; and all the Cymri of Cockneydom are in com- motion' in consequence. The sheep is that Vi'wolfinely-clothed and 'much flee- ing > mutton, Edwin James, concerning whose character some tender hearted forensic, of the philanthropic name of Pike, addresses the right reverend shepherd of mountains, bewailing the loss of a member of thejfold,and member for Marylebone or Marrow- bone, as Mr. Vincent Scully used to say when James was Edwin the Pair, not befouled James, as now. Pike proceeds to praise James as a man and a brother, and as a most exemplary, member for Marylebone. What more he says, or why he says that, doesn't appear, by inference, from the episcopal rejoinder, which is the only, evidence we have. But in that rejoinder, the. Bishop of St David's, with a causticity worthy of a certain Dean of St Patrick's or Canon of St. Paul's, says he agrees with Pike. that James was a very worthy ' member for Marylebone, representative and constituency being mutually deserving of each other that '. James is also worthy of the new country he has gone to, where, if his virtues meet their proper reward, he will soon be in the place of Seward, and be' a shining light of morality among the Mor- mons, understood, by those who understand James], Pike, in a pique or perhaps impervious to the point of the Cambrian churchman's sting, puts the letter in print, in a penny paper this morning, whence it is copied into the Treasury journal this afternoon, and through that medium doubtless tickled the Cabinet Council this evening, enabling the mitre-showering' minister to say to the ecclesiastical members of the administration, Gladstone and Argyle, " Well, my bishops may not be particularly apostolic, but at any rate they're a little more patriarchal than a prelate like that." > Why, it will be asked, should this prelate in particular take part in such Little Pedlington problems as the political and impecunious probity of so slippery a backslider as James ? Pike and the prelate alone know. No one else can guess. Perhaps it is because the Bishop was once a limb of the law himself, and wore a stuff gown and a horse-hair wig, before putting on lawn sleeves, a glace apron, and a hat of the kind they call a shovel. And did he, really ? Really he did. For three years he was in the Middle Temple, out of which James has been lately kicked, or denied to consider that he had been kicked, as the O'Donoghue told Peel the other night and James and Sir Robert seem to have accepted the complimentary intimation with equal equanimity. Born in the most Cocknejfied quarter of the capital, Stepney, it was not till he had long turned thirty that he turned his attention to holy orders and within ten years from the time of his so doing, Doctor Connop Thirlwall [he was a Cambridge M A. before being called to the bar"] saw himself in a see, and could hardly believe his eyes at the sight, of ninety-nine living, with some £5000 a year to live upon, and Abergwiii Palace to live in. Perhaps the letter aforesaid is a forgery? Perhaps it's, though it is difficult to divine why the Bishop should be made to figure in type against his will. There was once a Bishop of St. David's Marmaduke Middleton-who was unfrocked for forging another man's will, and the diocese was vacant for years. But there is parity in the two cases. Thirlwall's will is doubtless in this document, and a decidedly wilful one it is; the Crozier being more pugnacious than the Pike; the latter indeed being particularly pacific and by no means disposed to poke up wrath, or stir the coals of fire. Yet To it incontinently does so and the Bishop satirises metropolitan memberdom in '62 with a scorn that Harry of Exeter hardly ventured on in '32, in the days of the bill, the whole bill, and nothing but the bill the contingent remainder of which we have been expect- ing every year since till the present year, when nobody expects anything, and everybody is satisfied that he will meet with nothing unusually foolish in the gobemouchcrie line ere this day month April 1, for fear of mistake. After that there is no telling what may turn up, considering the sooth- sayers there are at work casting the horoscope of Heaven knows what not. One of those pre- ternatural sages puts forth such super Zadkiel real pretensions that some attention must be conceded to his prognostics of nothing about nobody, but which nevertheless he renders piquant to everybody by his process of proffering. According to what that wonderful word manufacturer and astonishingly strange story-teller, Sir Alphabet Bulwer, Bart, M.P., in his Caxtoniana in the new month's Blackwood, to-day, calls Pusey gurian clairvoyance, meaning capacity to see into the middle of a millstone, or of next week, it is easier to describe a thing never seen than one familiar to the delineator, and imagined details are more accurately filled in than those that should be at one's finger's ends. He goes on to say that men in high office, compelled to deal with business as it rises, from day to day, have less of the " prophetic eye " than many an obscure politician who has never gone to sleep on the Treasury bench. " I have known men who have sat on fifth rows in the House of Commons and have never been heard in de- bate nay, I have known men who never sat in Parliament at all, in whom the prophetic eye has been as sure as Cassandra's. Men, who behold afar off the shadows of events not yet coming ; predict the question that will divide cabinets yet unformed ; name, among the adversaries of such questions, the converts by whose aid the questions will be carried and fix, as if they had read it in the almanac, the very date in whi< is some crotchetty motion, the nursing of a minority, will rise amongst the laws of the land. Two men have I known, who, in the gift of prevision, excelled all the chiefs of our senate : the one was a saturnine tailor, the other a meditative saddler," Name name ' every one will of course exclaim; but each of Sir Lytton's all present phenom is, like Mr. Wilkie Collins' new tale of No Name, and state nominis umbrella covers their Junius like pen trativeness. Once upon a time there dwelt a prominent political tailor called Place, at Charing Cross and his shop, if not his shop board, is there still. He had a " prophetic eye " sharp as his own needle ; his thimbles full of information nearly stitched up the remnant of the Useful Knowledge people with astonishment at such measures. His goose was not merely a swan, but was regarded as a Minervaic owl of Wisdom by such Achivaic scholars as the author of the "History of Greece and of " Athens, its Rise and Fall stone being member for London and the other for Lincoln. The former is still the Grote he always wa Spartans re- publican ; but whether radical review of whatever; was aria'tctoratic| in -ÜIn gland and the ' English," who recorded Godplphinic Oaths against all that was oligarchic in our institutions, principally owing to the Benthamic preachments of place, has long been transmuted into the feudalesque proprietor of the manor of Knebworth, and deems it his highest privilege to be permitted to take off his | Bond street] barometrical beaver to the lord of Hatfield- a doffing feat was undoubtedly cloaked from the garment maker aforesaid, and would have filled him with wrath inexpressible could ' he have foreseen it Nor was the tailor saturnine. Far from it. Political economist though he was, and Malthu stanly mournful concerning the multiplication of mouths which the breadftax muzzled, he was as merry a fraction of a man and in so' infinitesimal an instalment of humanity as a ship could be expected generally laughing in his sleeve to escape cutting from Cobbett and elbowing by Brougham. But as to " his fellow wizard, the meditative Saddler," he is as mythical as Zanoni himself. The only known manipulator of leather who was a nimble hand at politics was Juvenal Gifford, and he was a cobbler, who repaired the soles and principles of the upper walks, at the period when Pal- merston*!* Russians were the pride of Hoby of Pall-mall ; long ere Wellingtons, and still longer here Bluchers, were heard of and consequently before Pelhorn dreamt Adventures of a Gentleman. Perplexing, therefore, is the allusion to this currier whose perception of hereafter was so much more than skin deep. If he be still in the flesh, it was to be wished he would make no bones, about putting us en rapport with the spirit of what next, or what not next for positive or negative cognisance of what is going to come off, or not going to come on, we have none Doubtless, the New Times theory, that previous total acquaint ance with a thing is the best qualification for knowing all about it and (so a late Premier used jeeringly to say of" provincial Chancellors of Exchequer" who pressed upon him budgets wholly composed of taxes to be cancelled, the trifling elements of ways and means being omitted. Already it is becoming an enigma in the lobbies whether the session can be protracted into the middle of May. Originally there was unusually little to do, and much of that little has been done with a celerity more in keeping with the Massacre of the Innocents than with the birth thereof. Herod can't conveniently be out-Heroded(thÍ8 year for not a bridge or a vote of a party measure is being born, and Harpur Twelvetrees, himself couldn't very well commit insecticide or a flea that hadn't attained the stage of hop. Flea-bitten, to the tune of twelve millions, were got through without mincing on Thursday night, being the most copious phlebotomising ever inflicted at a single sitting on Mr. Bull, who is in such a comatose condition that he never winced during the whole operation. It was the first that ever carried the Naval Estimates without a pause, though assuredly not without a yawn for all the watchdogs of the public purse [Tear'em, of course, being conspicuous by his absence], were as drowsy, long before cockcrow, as though they had dined upon her bare; hands lugubriously lounged in and out, and round about, with a sort of nightmare per- turbation, as if they had murdered Time, and were haunted by. its ghost. So, again, last night. Money voted in a canter, 01 rather in a jog-trot to the horror of LrotinaW, for whose anchor there is no hope in Whitehall, where white squalls and black looks prevail when he pitches his best bower in the presence of official this. Members seemed absolutely mortified that ministers didn't ask for more : just as Taller and used to be embroiled with his cook for that ruler of the roast not spending larger sums on the kitchen, the prince's notion of the proper price of Perigord pies being particularly princely. In fact, the Admiralty has actually impaired its popularity through lack of prodigality. People were prepared for profusion, and paring down gets their danger up. It is true, even though Alison says it, that "nothing excites such animosity among men as disturbing settled ideas and the intensity of the feeling is generally in exact proportion to the correctness of the new ones." It is not often that such emotion is evoked by the bill presented being less than the account anticipated. But so it is now and if Lord Clarence Paget had asked for half as much more, and, in so doing, was only one quarter as dainty in his phrases, and Turvy dropsical in his deportment, and mesmeric in his manual blandishments the goes through as many " passes " with his arms as if he were magnetizing his grandmother into a trance by drawing feathers over her eyes, he would be deemed twice as prime a keeper of the British lion as he is. The higher his key of Rule Britannia, the more sympathetic the chord it would unlock in that Tucker where all shot comes from, the breeches pocket. Happy if this optimist monetary mood continues as indicative of liberality as in its present tense when the imperative exigencies of Gladstone are unfolded. Yet these can't be exigent, or his resources for meeting them must be copious and facile, to judge by his improved hygienic aspect and composedly attentive attitude last night, especially his bearing while Baring was speaking not millionaire Tom, hut 'thornhill, Sir Francis, to wit, sire of Indian Treasury Thomas. The whig ex financier, immortalised as fisher for a budget in the waters of fiscal emptiness in '41, isn't the most Demosthenes speaker at best of times ; and last night, in talking report serious slip-slop t ? a somnolent audience of some seventeen senators, he must have reminded the Homeric scholar of the " pebbly" period of Philippizery, for he spoke as though he' had half- a-dozen cairngorm in his mouth. Nevertheless, the arithmetical commentator on the Iliad looked up to him on high, from the Ministerial seat below, as if it were Helen of Troy herself descanting on domestic virtue, as the University singularly maintains that Mrs. Menelaus was pre-eminently qualified to do, though perhaps Sir Cresswell and Sir Pandanus might be of different ways of thinking on that ticklish topic. There is a marked change, and for the better, in Gladstone's manner, all through this session. Whether the possible propinquity of the premiership prompts the propriety, or that some voice from the ladies' gallery has admonished him of the anomaly of an Ionian Commissioner Extraordinary sprawling, in ironically Ionic angularity, all over the Treasury bench, his heels on the table before him, his head on the rail behind him, his hat resting on his chin and his eyebrows, and his arms akimbo, certain it is that he no longer disports himself thus, as if he were contemplating a competitive examination in the uncivil service with " the wondrous Leotard," and were missing whether he couldn't go through three courses of somersaults over Mr. Speaker's chair, in case the flying trapeze;" could be introduced without any partcularly flagitious violation of the " standing orders," which can hardly apply to marketing in the air. But there is,no.vund<r8taii,ding standing orders after the disorder fallen into on Monday; concerning the O'donohue chaos. Mr. Speaker was speech less just when he should have talked, and opened his mouth precisely when he ought to have held his tongue. His duty was to have called on the member for Tipperary, not as member but by name, to apologise to the House for breach of privilege, in proposing to beard the bare faced Irish Secretary with a hair-trigger. Instead of that, he permitted Major Gavin, himself a culprit, as accessory to the breach, to got up, and commit premeditated and most detrimental assault and battery on routine and etiquette, by saying I am the friend of the (J Donoghue," instead of my honorable friend the member for Tipperary.'' Further, he permitted, the O'Donoghue himself to aggravate his offence fifty-fold, by' openly applying to Peel epithets that would have incited a, respectable caterpillar into a convulsions of combativeness, but which the prudential proprietor of " Turn- worth tower and town " [ghost of Marmion, only I think of the stomach with the placidity of a prize cotton-grub. 5 If you want to see humiliation, look there ! " said Sydney Herbert, on one occasion, pointing his index finger at certain apostate protectionists taking credit as free traders. But he was a Sydney, he was a Herbert, progeny of a Pembroke-names consecrate to chivalry and the objects of his decision had the decency to blush for their unmasked impos- ture. Not so Peel-"Sir.Parolles live, safest in charge ! "-mailed in the callousness of unconscious scorn. Everybody seemed pained save he whose poignancy should be languishing; and his insensibility was the most distressing feature of all. Fortunately the bluff old uncle, General Peel, washaway, or, for the sake of his profession, he would have challenged the' whole Brigade, Brass Band and all, to a mortal arbitrament, in the manner Disraeli tried to do with the O'connell family, when the then young Ben [offspring of t Militant, Maccabeus] found that old Dan had ceased to find fun in fighting. Even Brother Fred, the least aggressive looking of mankind, and whose most cherished weapons, if defending his life to the death, would probably be a steel pen an office ruler, and a leaden ink-bottle,'seemed to writhe at the fraternal exhibition, every item in which was at once the most pitiable and the most provoking. So thought the whole House, or rather the House and a half for there was a moiety of the peers in the commons' galleries; and a nice,' notion of the pluck of mushroom and fustian made money cracy these descendants of the Barons of Runnymede must have gone away with, after such a spectacle of a squelched swashbuckler, who appeared rather to rejoice in his own debasement like some of his Alpine acquaintances who are proud of their wells which give strangers the stomach ache to look at. But surely you wouldn't have the right hon. Baronet propose to the O'Donoghue to spring into the Thames, that chilly evening, as the Benecia Boy proposed to Sayers to jump off a housetop, by way of demonstrating his mettle ? By no means. It wasn't the non-fighting, but the non-courtesy that showed the charles blood. It was the abstaining from atonement, the perseverance in insult, the rude ignorance of every kind of reparation, that turned the current, while the puerility of the preliminaries Palmerston's pompous precautionary safeguard for his pet the poet's perfect protection of himself artful as Bevis Marks attorney, admitting nothing, audacious as an Old Bailey barrister, alleging everything all tended to invest the Peel portion of the proceeding with equal parts of the silly and the sickening. There are plenty of recent parliamentary precedents for the proper disposal of disagreements of this kind, without pushing them to extremities Shiel and Lord Althorp, in the famous " Who's the Traitor " episode ; Hobhouse and Sibthorp, or rather Sibthorp and Hobhouse ; Sir F. Trench and. Rigby Was on Sir E. Codrington and Sir J. Graham ; Mr. P. Somers and Roebuck and several others are cases in point, proving that an > affair of honour becomes an affair of dishonour, which it did not in any of these, if apology be withheld when satisfaction cannot be afforded. Peel has, for once in his life, accomplished an original thing by abstaining from doing either one or the other, and abstaining, too, in the most ungracious and least dignified manner imaginable, with the peevishness of a siren and the perversity of a mule, cotton-mule of course, or he wouldn't be his sire's son. And respecting that very respectable sire, a good deal is suddenly remembered which in- vests the self-conservative conduct of his son with noble significance just now. It is recollected that when O'Connell, a relative of the O'Donoghue, called out Mr. Peel, the Irish secretary of fifty years ago, the Peelers were with mysterious promptitude placed on the track of the belligerents, and blockaded them till duly bound over ; the Canningite-Palmer stonian wits of that period waxing as merry in private at the cunning of their artful dodge- ing colleague as did the Grey-Bussell Brougham wags openly. The shy fighting Sir . Robert tried, years afterwards, to set up a repute for fire-eating ferocity by sending fee-faw-fum cartel of defiance to such terrible antagonists as a pedantic Domine Sampson of the Divorce Court, Doctor Lushington and to that model economist of gunpowder, Joe Hume incidents sterilized in the carica- ture of H.B., wherein Wellington is represented as the second of the sanguinary civilian, and nearly expiring with laughter at the sham. Years again, after that came the most discredit- able of all the occurrences in Peel's life ; accusing Cobden of desiring his assassination, and refusing to retract that monstrous calumny. The Unadorned, who is one of nature's genuine gentlemen, acted on that as he has done on all occasions, exactly in the way he ought. To call out the outrage was out of the question, alike on account of Richard and Robert ; but he said, and he kept his word, as he ever does, that he would never name the name or allude to the existence or arguments of a man capable of such baseness, and incapable of expressing contrition for it. Peel did become contrite, and Cobden forgave him and the in nical Nemesis which ever pursued Peel, making him the instrument of his own stultification in everything, caused him subsequently to panegyric Cobden as the embodiment of patriotism and prescience, as the benefactor of present and all future generations of English men. And this in the very assembly wherein the minister had held up the man as eager for the minister's murder! Reminiscences of this sort came back on Monday with vividness among the country gentlemen, the first canon in whose creed is that of the hunting- field, to wit, " Blood will tell;" and divers were the wise saws of a similar sort uttered apropos of this most modern instance of the truism. Young members assume that no such language was ever brooked, as that addressed in the O'Donohue's " apology," at once polished and crushing and old members can recall no parallel, save that supplied by Henry Hunt, when, in answer to a pitiful taunted about his blacking business from the last Peel, the witty radical, who came of an ( bid family, and I was one of the noblest looking fellows in the House, when the house was rather better provided with that sort of commodity than at present, made answers am the first tradesman in my family, as the right honourable baronet is the first gentleman in his. It used to be said that three generations were required to make a gentleman ; but it would seem that that good (old maxim is inapplicable to this age of progress and we are improving our gentlemen off the face of creation by way of counterbalances perhaps to our avoidance of Yankee example in other democratic but much less destructive directions. It is i worth note, and has not been noted elsewhere, that the Prison Chamber of the Commons was prepared for the con- tenacious, commoner, who, it was taken for granted, would have to be taken into custody, as nobody expected he would apologise, though assuredly nobody dreamt he would i doubly aggravate his offence by showering contumely on the Secretary. The fire was lighted, bed, tired, and all got ready by order of the Speaker to Lord Charles Russell, who ordered the Deputy Serjeant, Captain Gossett,. to "put things-in order;'' the most agreeable order he could receive, next getting certain, other things in order for the Captain is a pleasant Irish gentleman of the old school, and would be as delighted as Major Gavin himself to have a hand in blowing a neighbour's brains out, in a quite friendly way, without making a haberdashery fuss about it, in, the " two rows of pins " style. Not only, however, was the Captain deprived of that enjoyment, but of his expected fees, which might be some consolation for what he must agree with L.N.B. is a " de- generate age. It is to be hoped the aforesaid cost of "'fitting up " will appear in the Miscellaneous Estimates, and then we shall ; have' another hubbub, which will at least be, something for our money and all w are ever likely to get-, a 