LATEST FROM SPIRIT LAND. I usual]}' attend a Ghost Meeting once a week, as one likes to know -what is going on in die supernatural world. I bad been at one of these gatherings on Saturday night, and we had had the usual business. The medium was very affable, the knockings had come at once, aad the regular business had been gone through,—the Medium's shudder at the proper moment, his pinching the arms of the men nearest to him, the lady's name in letters of blood on his left arm, and not on his right, the little balls with the names, and the choice of the correct one, and occasionally—in order to keep tra.tlie supernatural idea as-distinct from that of clever juggling— the usual blunder, just as at Astley's the lady pretends to be afraid of tbe leap, in order to have a storm of applause when she takes it. We had eight or nine spirits in the room, some the ghosts of people who had lived, and some of people who had not, which seems to me a phenomenon of a far higfier order than the other, just as the red lobsters in tbe Italian picture of St. Anthony preaching to tbe fish show the attendance of boiled auditors, and increase tbe value of the miracle. The leg of the lady next to the Medium was touched, and she screamed, and as the Medium declared that he had not done it,—and as I never saw him before I have no right to say that he is a story-teller,—a spirit must have taken that liberty. Finally, we began to yawn, and the Medium in a gentlemanly manner took the hint and said that he was exhausted, and retired, and some of us went home, and some to the club, to have a cigar, and finish off tbe week pleasantly. The following morning my family had gone to church, and as we had a friend staying with us, I had resigned my scat in his favour, for there is no sacrifice which we ought not to make in the sacred cause of friendship, and, besides, I had privately heard that the crack preacher under whom I have the happiness to sit, had got influenza, and wonld not preach. £0 I was improving my mind with the answers to the Essays and Reviews, the replies which the Bishop of Savonia thinks so good that the edits and commends them to the faithful without having even read them. Into my study, as I call it, because my shoes, and fishing rods, and the children's toys are kept there, came, without announcement, a gentleman whose face was not familiar to me, and whom, nevertheless, I knew that I had spen under peculiar circnmstances. In another moment I recognised our Medium of the preceding night. I was clad that tbe family had gone out, for my liking for attending spirit manifestations had occasioned some rather smart passages at amis between myself and my respected mother in law, who has very orthodox views, and considers that in consorting with wizards, as she is pleased to term them, I am proving myself to be little better than a heathen, though she had a very different opinion of me—or said so—when she was kind enough to accept the two rooms on tbe second floor that look into the gardens; and, moreover, my wife, though she has too much good sense to say anything that might induce me to reserve my confidences, has hinted that spirit-rapping proclivities are all very well for bachelors, but are scarcity respectable in a mamed man and the father of a family. But as we were sure of noninterruption for a couple of hours, I welcomed the Medium with some cordiality, and gave him an arm-chair. In the course of this narrative I had better call him by some other name than that which sends a gentle thrill through the fashionable world. I will name him Mr. Endor. He is a subject of King Lincoln I. " Sir." said Mr. Endor, after apologising for calling at such an hour on a Sunday, " you do not believe in the fact that I am in com- munication with the other world. It is not necessary for you to say anything polite upon the subject. I perceived last night that you discredited all the messages from the spirits, and I know that you asked me to call upon a person who, so far as you knew, had no existence." " As a man of science, sir," I said, " you cannot object to any test that an inquirer may wish to apply." " Certainly not, sir. But there is such a tiling as being too acute. You wrote down for me the name of' Priscilla Bowkeridge,' which you thought an unreal name. Sir, the spirit of Priscilla Bowkeridge appeared and told you that she was quite happy, and that her cousins were all in purgatory." " She did not in a cousinly manner couple those two facts, Mr. Endor." "No, sir. But you believed that there never was such a person, and that you had bowled me out, as you English say. Sir, Priscilla Bowkeridge was my aunt. Strange as the coincidence may be, I had an aunt of that name." "Well.Mr. Endor, in that case I am sorry for the unpleasant condition in which some of your family are stated by the lady to be." " That is my business, sir. But I did not come here to speak on thatsubjeet. I wished to tell you something of a much more disagreeable nature." " You are very kind." " Yes, sir. The fact is that you hare got me into a most awful difficult}' and embarrassment, and I think that you are bound to use all the means in your power to -extricate me." " Mr. Endor, these are not days in which international rights should be disregarded." " What have I done, and what can I do ?" " You may remember, sir,—for although I think you had dined, as you say in the old country, you were perfectly rational last nighi —-you may remember that besides c&llin;: upon the spirit of my beloved aunt—" "By sheer inadvertence, Mr. Endor. never willingly intrude upon the privacy of a lady." " Yes sir. But besides calling upon Miss Bowkeridge, you gave me the name of another spirit, from whom you wished me to have intelligence-" • l J think I did." "Yes, sir. Here is your own writing. Will you please to read that ?" Mr. Endor gave me a small crumpled piece of paper. I recognised my own writing, though there was a certain freedom about it which is not usually perceptible in manuscript which I prepare before die hour of? p.m. The name which I had written was Windermere Blueton. " Would you read that name sir ?"' " Windermere Blneton," I read. Bap—rap—rap, came very distinctly, indeed npon the desk on which I now pen these lines. "How did YOU do that?" I said, mora hastily than politely, for I was startled. Mr. Endor was sitting at least ten feet from my; desk. " I do it V he answered, reproachfully. " See here." He placed his two hands upon his head, and stood straight up in a military position. " Can I be playing & trick now 1 Say tbe name again, sir." I did so, and the three raps were repeated. " Well, I don't know how it is done," I said, " and there's an end of the mntter; but I can only say that if you really do it with the aid of Beelaebub, it is not at all the sort of thing to be bringing that party into private gentlemen's len's houses during the hours of divine service." [•vice." " SiT, let us talk of wh»t we understand. That person whose name you read out was summoned by you last night, and came. Who was he in this life V' " A dreadful bore," I said. Three angrv raps. "Blueton;" I said, "it is perfectly true. We used to call him Winny Blue, and there was no getting rid of him." Three more raps. "There is no getting rid of him now, sir." "Eh?" I answered, "I am very sorry. What have I done—ubi lapsus quid, and so on." " Quid is not my custom, sir, but I'll take one of those cigars," said Mr. Endor, " as I have no appointments to-day. Your high folk are very funny people, and won't see spirits on Sunday" "Quite right too, Mr. Endor?" " If it's wrong on Sunday it's wrong on Monday, sir. But you are a superstitious old nation, and that's about the truth of it." " Are you come here on a Sunday morning to abuse my unfortunate country Mr. Endor " " No sir. I have come to tell you that you have got me into this fix, and that you must help me out of it." "What fix ?" "Why, this eternal presence of your friend, Mr. Blueton. We've got him up, sir, end now, sir, by Jove, he won't go down." " But surely you, as a magician, can work the necessary spells ?" " You may deride, sir. But you have just let out the truth. Your lamented friend, Mr. Blueton, was a bore in this life, and a bore he has remained in the other. Now I must say that, knowing his characteristics, it was very inconsiderate of. you, taking it in tbe mildest way, to call him up." " I assure you, Mr. Endor, I would not have mentioned his name for the wo^d, if I had not thought" 1 hesitated, for I was in my own house. " If you had not thought, sir, that 1 was an all-fired humbug, and there was as much chance of Mr. 131ueton ; s coming up as of Julius Csesar's." " I wish," I said, trying to evade the charge, " that you would not say coming ' up.' Blueton was not exactly my friend, but I should be sorry to think that his antecedents " Rap—rap—rap. " lie will be heard, sir. He followed me home last night, he gave me no peace, sitting or lying down, until I got at the writing table aad began to write to his dictation; he kept me at it till four in the morning, the morning of this blessed Sunday, and then I dropped asleep from dead fatigue." " By George," I said " that is like Blueton, I believe that you are making a convert of me, Mr. Endor." " Well, sir, then you'll be able to take my place when I am gone to the happy hunting grounds, for a week of this ghost whom you have raised will about finish me off. When I was awoke by those cussed watercresses (and you call yourselves a Christian nation), this Blueton began at me again, and I have been scribbling ever since, till I made a clean rush out of tbe house and came up to you, that you might relieve me, as is just and right, of a por tion of my labour. Look here." And he pulled out a vast heap of rapidly written manuscript, looking uncommonly like the sort of thing that an intending author sends to unfortunate editors, with a jaunty note to the effect that it has'been " dashed off," and with some little •' pruning" will doubtless be acceptable to the highly popular journal favoured by the remittance. Rap—rap—rap. " Now he wants to be at it again. Don't you, spirit of Blueton 1" Rap—rap—rap. " Yes, sir. Now, do you take tbe pen and take a spell at the work." " But I am not a Medium," I said. Besides, I would not have done it for him in life, and I don't see why I should do more when his stories must be all old, and he can't have anything to say that I want to hear." " I will make you a Medium in no time," said Mr. Endor, " Would you ring for a razor and a clean plate—a soup plate would be the best" " No, I would not I am particular about my razors and my wife does not like her china to beplayed with". You must take this ghost of a bore, Mr. Endor, as of the accidents of trade. I cannot interfere." " I expected more liberal dealing, sir, especially after the way we behaved in that Mason and Slidell affair." " You touch me, sir, but it is impossible. Non-intervention, Mr. Endor, is the policy, and I must carry it out in this case. But, surely you have summoned ?" " Generally, sir, they rre too glad to get back, for reasons which I may not enter upon, as you are a family man. But this Blueton won't go, and that's a fact." Rap—rap—rap. " An old plague. We blackballed him at the Carnifex because he was such a bore and we nearly expelled a man who invited him there to dinner. It is too bad of him to stick to you like this. But you must see that I can have nothing to say to him. What would Mrs. Sent and her mother say when they come in fron) church, and found me acting as amanuensis to a ghost ? We owe something to our families, Mr. Endor. It won't do." You are unjust to America, sir. Mr. Seward is right, and so is the JVem York Herald, in saying that you have an aristocratic hatred of us." On the contrary, Mr. Endor, I assure you that all educated Englishmen are enraged at any attempt to sow hostility between yourselves and us. But I am not going to adopt ' >sts, for all that. Still, £ should like to make this up to you." " Yes, sir." "lam not a medium, and I don't know what you were gonig to do to me with the razor and soup-plate, and I don't want to know. But can I read those manuscripts of ours, which the ghost has dictated ? I ask, ecause I am blessed if I could read the scribble you made under the table last night, and produced as a message from Miss Priscilla." " It was as plain as print, sir, and this is plainer. You can read this fast enough, if you like." He held me out a leaf or two, and I saw that the handwriting was very clear, and I caught the words, " my wife,"—protestations,"—"the Major,"—"mj own picture," and some other bits, easily enough. "Yes, that's plain sailing. Well, Mr. Endor, I take it that you have a perfect right in any manuscript with which a ghost may favor you." " A copy-right you mean, sir ?" he asked. " 1 should like to be sure on that subject, as you know that it is one on which we Americans are very particular." Just so. Well, I think I may certify, as an author, that what you take down from the lips—has he got lips 1—of a seirit, you may publish. Now, I'll look over Ghost Blueton's manuscript, and if it is at all good for anything, I will try and get you a price for it. I don't say that it will be, mind, for he never said anything in his lifetime that was worth a larthing. But most folks improve after death, or biographies are written on false principles." "Well, sir, that is a gentlemanly offer, and I shall be obliged by your doing your best to console me under this unmerited persecution." " I will, and as I know old Blueton very well, I shall be able to touch him up, if he ventures on humbug. Besides, I shall be able to annotate him by some stories he would not like told." Here there was a most indignant rapping on my poor desk. " He don't like that sentiment, sir." " I don't care. I helped to blackball him alive, and I defy him." Raps—but fainter. " You see, Mr. Endor, he wants to come to terms. Nothing like making a demonstration of power and will, Mr. Endor." " Sir, I have heard that sentiment lately." " Now, I tell you what, and you tell it to your ghost. If he lets you alone for a week, I will let him off easily in my notes to his manuscript. But if he does not—" Three gentle raps. " He accepts the terms, sir. I wish you had said a fortnight." " Never mind—we have made the bargain, and we must be upon honor, even with a disembodied spirit. Leave me the manuscript, and I will see what it is like. When is your next seance ?" " No matter, sir. I will trouble you not to attend again, at least till this torment is laid, for you are not a person who can be allowed to call on promiscuous ghosts. I wisli you a good morning, sir, and I am sorry to have disturbed you on a Sunday, but it was for a work of mercy." Mr. Endor departed, leaving me the Spirit MS. I bad barely had time to glance over it when the family returned from service. As my visitor had come anonymously, I escaped much interrogation; but it is a curious fact that my wife, entering my study, apologised for having forgotten to buy me some Vesta matches, and was sorry, I had been obliged to use one of those wooden ones, that smell so of sulphur. I had lighted no match! 