VAiaEENTIIES Memory and reflection form experience. Existence has more value than anything else in tht world. To soiten a policeman, call him ' Inspector.' ' What blessings children are !' as the narish clerk said wnen he took the fee for christening them. Why is the letter S like a furnace on a battery ?— Be cause it mokes ' hot shot.' 'Have you dined V said a lounger to his friend. 'I have, upon my honour, replied ho. 'Oh, on your honour: light food, aintit?' A Missouri paper thinas that General Pillow will soda make an attack on Canton. The Louisville Journal guessses lie would rather make an attack on a canteen. A crusty old bachelor says the talk of women is usually about the men. Even their laugh is but ' he, he !' Mrs. Dawdy says that one of her boys knows nothing, and the other don't. The question is, which knowB the most. A Cockney's Con.— Why is a contented man of great wealth like a ghost?— Becauso he's a 'happy nch'tin' (upparllion). " A countryman, giving his evidence at court, was asked by, the counsel if he was born in wedlook. ' No, air, he replied, ' I was born in America.' 1 1 think,' said a gentleman to his footman, ' I have been a moderate good master to yoii, John.' ' Very moderate, Sir,' said John. It is thought a dangerous thing to board a man-ofrws? but we have known fifty soldiers, each a man of war, boarded by a single landlord, but he was a host—' Lonis- vffie Journal.' The blackbird whistles for his dinner iust like raesil(.' said an Irishman to his companion. ' How's that Paa- dy, my darlint ?' 1 Why, you spalpeen, don't you see when he whistles, he's calling for his mate.' The following is a copy of an advertisement which ap peared in a country paper :— ' Made their escape, a hus band's affections. They disappeared immediately on seeing his wife with her hands and face unwashed 4t breakfast.' ' How many deaths ?' asked the hospital physician, of an Irish dresser at Scutari, while going bis rounds— Three'— 'Why I ordered medicine for tour. 'Yes, your honour; but one would not take it' 'How much can you pay us— what can you offer in the pound ?' demanded the creditors of a bankrupt farmer. 'Alas ! gentlemen, all I really have is a donkey in the pound exclaimed the ruined agricultu rist Mrs Edmund Blanchard, of Cambridge, N. H., was caught in a bear trap a few days since while out blue? berrying. The trap had been set by her husband to catch a bear that had heen troubling him this season— Daily Pos t. 'Hare you any fish in your basket ? asked a person of a fisherman who was returning home. Yes, a good est, was the reply. The person who perpetrated this infa mous j oke bos been sentenced to six months iu the Peni tentiary. A soldier who was once wounded in battle set up a terrible bellowing. An Irishman, who lay near with both legs shot off, immediately sung out, 'Bad luck to the likes of you; do yer think that nobody is kilt but yerself?' In the march of life don't heed the order of 'right about' when you know, you are about right. Wit's best iiinetion is to minister to wisdom. The prettiest trimming for a woman's bonnet is a good humoured face. Every rumour is credited when directed against the unfortunate, , . , If you want to have a man for' your friend, never incur the ill will of his wife. Public opinion depends in a great measure on the average prejudice of womankind. It isn't enough thet men and women should be the true metal, they should also be 'well-tempered.' A great drinker oeing at table, they offered him giapea for'a dessert. 'Thank you,' said he, pushing back tha plate, ' I don't take my wine in pills !' Dandies, to make a greater show, Stuff their coats with pleats and puffing; But this is very apropos, For what's a goose without the stuffing ? ; Memory and reflection form eeperience. Existence has more value than anything else in the world. . : In childhood we chas8 butterflies. In youth fauriep as gay and ephemeral. ' ' ' . Nothing is denied to well-directed labour; nothing is attained. without it. : ; : > : ; ' ;; It may be that the greatest reward of early purity is early death. ... The mind of a man of genius is a focus which concen trates the rays of a thousand minds. A philosopher looks through an auger hole at the uni verse, and thinkshe comprehends it. Fancy runs most curiously when a guilty conscience drives it. Teach children to love everything that is beautiful, and you will teach them to be useful and good. The diflereace of feeling between educated and unedu cated men place a gulf between them. Let great actions encourage greater, and let honour ba your merit, not your design. If laughter is the daylight of tho soul, a -mib. is its twilight. A handful of common sense is worth abushel of learn- ing, Discretion in speech is moro than eloquence. The human spirit is like an eagle— the higher it rises from the earth the more awful is its solitude. , The smallest thing may make the most intimate friends quarrel. . y . What can come from what is good except what is good. When there ia a great appetite in the house of a poor man provisions are often wanting. Reason is the flower of the spirit, and its fragrance is tho sweetest incense of liberty and knowledge. What are years but perishable leaves from the expand- ing rose oi time. r The intangible rainbow, the frostwork on the window- pane, are nature's fairy tnles. Prudence, which is still better than good sense, can- not exist without experience, and experience is onlv lound among old men. Youth thinks only of the present, but a manof middle ogneglects neither the present, tho past, nor the fu? innoccnco is like an umbrella ; it covera uo in the davs ofdarxness; and when once wo have lost it, we must never hope to see It again. Light Itself gives a shadow ; and in this imperfect state cvefy B4 seems to bring into play some evil, i ,Je. , Sn f heaven in lopping off the under branches is, tear, the parent stem may shoot higher in the direction of Tieaven. One of the best of men hae observed, that he found the great happiness, after all, to consist in the discharge of - some meehauicat duty. There is a sacrcdness in tears. They are not the mark of weakness, but of power ! They are the messenger ol overwhelming grief, of deep, contrite, and of unspeaka ble love. Trust yourself. That fabric is firmest that stands | square on its own foundation, needing neither strut nor wedge to maintain Its stability. Growth is within, and its principle is self- contained j it is nourished by vital motions. An Irishman on applying for relief to one of the parish officers of tha Boiton Union, being told to work for his living replied, f IflM all the work in the world, X could'at do it.' 'That's my impression/ aa a printer said to a pretty girl when he kissed her somewhat rudely, nod without leave. f And that's a token of my regard,' replied the female boxing hid ears A gentleman having fallen into tho river Exev relating it to Sir T. A., said i—' You will suppose I was pratty \et/ f Yeo,' paid the, baronet/ n th© Jxtfeme1. 