THEATRE ROYAL. Banded was produced last night for the first time for several years before a Hobart Town audience, and we were glad to find the Theatre literally crammed, to witness Mr. Warner's impersonation of this most exquisite creation of the great dramatist. This gentleman on a previous visit was a great favorite in this character in Hobart Town, and probably a recollection of his former delinea- tion of the part tended to produce the crowded benches which last night welcomed his reappear- ance. Mr. Warner's Hamlet fully justified the confidence of his old admirers. His conception of the noble Dane in all the varied emotions created by the extraordinary and horrible circumstances of his position, is, in our judgment a very close investigation of the Pact s original idea. More, it realizes, more nearly than any acting we have seen out of England, the student" s" closet concep- tion of Shakespere's Hamlet. The '. feigned mad- ness of Hamlet has exercised the ingenuity of innumerable critics and no higher praise can be awarded to Mr. Warner, than to say he leaves us quite as much in doubt of the precise limits between the simulated mania of Hamlet and the actual frenzy to which he is goaded by the appari- tion of his father's ghost, the knowledge of his murder, detestation of his murderer and sup planter, mingled love for his mother and abbor rance of her crime, a consciousness of his own wrongs, a sense of the imperious duty of revenge, and his own want of opportunity, or feebleness of purpose to execute what has now become the passion and the object of his existence. Every careful student of Shakespere has risen from the perusal of this play with a feeling of uncertainty on this point, not unmixed with a doubt of how far this idea of uncertainty was part of the original intention of the Dramatist. And this impression is left upon the spectator of Mr. Warner's Hamlet. It is a very finished performance, and is evidently the result of long and careful study, and a conscientious desire to re- produce an actual and vivid representation of the " thoughts that live, and words that burn, in the undying lines of the creator of this, the most highly elaborated of all his characters. We are happy to congratulate Mr. Warner on the very marked improvement of his rendering of Hamlet since his last appearance at this Theatre. His acting throughout does justice to the exquisite ideal of the philosophical Prince. The innate nobility of soul the foreboding melancholy, the passionate aspirations for revenge, the morbid sensitiveness at the approach of flat- tery, the confiding friendship for Horatio and the mixture of ineffable tenderness and overwhelm- ing despair which makes! up his love for the fair Ophelia ; all these varied characteristics received their- proper and correct discrimination in Mr. Warner's treatment of his part. His reading of the character, in short, was that of a gentleman, and an artist of no mean order. It is only fair to say that he was very effectively supported by Miss Kate Warde as Ophelia, by Mr. Hope as horatio, and Mrs. Ham and as the Queen. Mr. Jackson was the conventional Polonius of the stage and in that character was deservedly applauded. But we never see this play acted without wishing that Polonius were portrayed as more of the finished courtier and less of the buffoon. The author of the advice to Laertes, would never have been the ridiculous old driveller that Polonius is too often represented on the stage. It is right to say that Mr. Jackson gave this idea of the part less offensive prominence than is usual on these occasions, and was all the more pleasing and successful for the change. The whole performance was very creditably I put on the stage, and the wise can scene extremely effective. Mr. Warner was received by general and continued applause on his first appearance, and was called before the curtain at the close of the piece. The evening's entertainment was concluded by Le Danseur Distrait, or The Ghost in the Village," a very amusing Farce, and very well done. To-night, Sheridan Knowles' play of the Hunchback, with Mr. Warner as Master Walter will be produced ENTERTAINMENT TO THE POST OFFICE EM- PLOYEES. On Saturday last a handsome entertainment was given to the Post Office employees at the Derwent Tavern, Elizabfith-stroet.provicledby Mrs. James Lord, of Hobart Ville, on the occasion of the transfer of the business of the old office to the new building in Macquarie-street. The idea originated in the kind-hearted desire on the part of Mrs. Lord, that those public servants to whom the community was under so many obligations, should carry with them from the premises they had so long tenanted, pleasant memories, and grateful recollections of duty zealously performed, and deservedly appreciated. The fact, too, of Mr. Lord's double connection with the Post Office, for some years mail contractor, and for some years lessor of the Post Office, was no doubt suggestive of this spontaneous act of kindly hospitality. The entertainment was extended to every class of the Post Office officials and the substantial part of the entertainment was supplied by Mr. Lord. while the wines.tS.c, were provided by Mr. Simpson, our host of the Derwent Tavern, every thing was excellent and in abundance. The chair was, occupied by Mr. J. Anderson, for many years clerk to Mr. Lord, and the vice-chair by Mr. Whalley, of the Post Office. On the removal of the cloth, at the conclusion of a repast which was heartily enjoyed, the usual loyal and patriotic toasts were drunk, and responded to Mrs. James Lord was the toast of the evening, and was drunk with the utmost enthusiasm. The chairman in proposing the toast paid a well-deserved compli- ment to Mrs. Lord for her benevolence, kindness of heart, and openness of hand, wherever assistance was required ; he adverted to many instances of Mrs. Lord's liberality, and concluded by calling upon the company to respond to the toast with three times three, and one cheer more. Mr. James Lord, " the poor man's friend," was then proposed, and drunk with loud cheers. Mr. John Lord, " the ardent patron the turf" was then drunk with deserved enthusiasm. Other toasts were drunk, and after a very convivial evening, the company separated highly pleased with their entertainment. COLONIAL MANUFACTURE In these depressed times it is pleasing to observe that there are some spirited men amongst us, and we are much gratified to notice that Mr. W. Murray, with a view of carrying on a soap manufactory, at his establishment at O'Brien's bridge, has ordered an iron boiler from Mr. T. P. Smith, Engineer, of the Tasmanian Iron Works, Liverpool-street, which is, in every sense of the term, a monster boiler. It is sixteen feet in depth, and ten feet four inches in diameter at the top, tapering gradually from five feet to ten and strongly rivetted with iron bolts. The boiler will be on view at the manufactory until Wednesday (to-morrow), and we would recommend a visit to those who would be pleased to see so admirable a specimen of colonial workmanship. 