THE DISTRESS IN THE COTTON DISTRICTS. Letters from the "Times" Reporter.? No. 4. PRESTON, August 22. it is impossible, even if one had never heard of the Cotton Famine, to travel many miles through this district without being struck by the signs of the great calamity which has befallen it. The thick smoky curtain which ordinarily hangs between Heaven and earth over each centre of industry has been lifted up, there is an unaccustomed glare of sunlight and an atmosphere unusually bright and clear. On every side giant factories which were the support of so many thousands stand mute and motionless, without a sign of life about them? their tall chimneys belch out no more long black clouds of smoke only here and there a streamlet of thin vapour, lost Almost as soon as it issues forth, speaks of " of the " and wages reduced just short of starvation point. In the towns the evidences of the fast deepening stagnation are still more striking, though in Proston, which I selected for my first visit, they are not be apparent as in many places where the real distress is much less severe. Indeed, I must own that my first impression on walking through the streets was that the pictures which have been drawn of the state of the town were overcharged, and that the startling figures and facts which had been issued on official authority must be fallacious. I found Pros- ton in a state of zealous preparation for the " Guild," a local festival of great antiquity which is "a celebrated over twenty years, and which the citizens after much deliberation have determined not to omit this year, notwithstanding all the discouraging circumstances of the times. With an array of painters and decorators at work, which gave the principal thoroughfare an air of Regent-street preparing for the season?many-coloured posters on every wall, announcing balls, concerts, operas, balloons, fireworks, and an endless round of pageants and amusements for high and low the most ravishing ball dresses displayed in the shop windows, London ransacked for skilful hairdressers, and a special goods train just arrived with a varied cargo of fancy dresses in charge of that eminent costumier, Mr. Nathan, with all these signs of festivity before one's eyes it was rather difficult to give credit to the official statistics which assure us that more than a quarter of the population of the town are dependent on charity for their daily bread and for the roof which covers them. I soon found, however, that this crust of apparent prosperity was very thin, and that it covered real desti- tution and suffering which the figures indo 2, quately represent, and which, unfortunately, is but a type of the worse which remains to come. The Corporation indeed refuse to despair of their commonwealth so far as to omit an ancient celebration which I believe is highly prized by the inhabitants of all ranks, and speculate perhaps on the benefit, which the town may get out of the crowds of visitors who are sure to flock in from all parts of the country ; but it would be a mis- take for those at a distance, when they read the glowing accounts of the processions and the fires which are to come off ten days hence, to conclude that all the tales of distress which have reached them from this district are exaggerated. With all these contradictory symptoms before my eyes, I made it my first business to diverge from the principal streets, and to endeavor to get a true idea of the condition of the people. Perhaps it will be better, therefore, to relate what I saw and heard on that point before describing the efforts which have been made to relieve the distress under which they are suffering. As I said, I began with Preston, because it was the town which was described as having received the severest blow from the stoppage of the supply of cotton. For this there are several causes. From the peculiar quality of the manufacture, which for the most part requires cotton of a very fine quality, which has hitherto been supplied almost entirely from one source New Orleans it suffered immediately from the first straining of the supplies, and it is now close upon twelve months since the want of employment began to be felt. The great strike which took place here nine years ago, and the panic of 1857, which stopped many mills, wasted the resources of the operatives, and they had hardly had time to recover themselves when the present pressure came on. Of the total population of Preston, 82,900, it is calculated that 26,000 are in one way or other engaged in the cotton mills, and of these. 12,460 are altogether out of employment, 6697 are working half-time, 3020 four days a week, and 6070 are at present working full time. To put it in a more striking form, there are now 10,553 persons receiving relief from the parish funds, of whom more than 8000 are due to the present distress, and the Relief Committee has on its books 22,690 persons, some of whom receive relief from the parish, and some do not. Taking the two lists together, I believe it is under the mark to say that there are at least 23,000 in the town out of a population of 82,900 who live entirely on charity, and the number is daily increasing. But even this is not all? for I very soon found that the relief lists by no means measured the whole amount of privation and suffering, for the greater part of those working half-time are scarcely, if at all, better off than the absolute paupers. A large proportion of Indian cotton is now being used at the mills which still continue to run, but being unsuited to the machinery it is extremely difficult to work, and the hands can make hardly any wages with it. "Half-time" is by no means synonymous ' with half-wages. I was in not a few houses where a whole family depended on a pittance of 5s., 6s., or 8s., earned by one of its members, and where to all appearances the distress was as severe as if all of them had been totally unemployed. Fortunately the worst of such cases as these are included in the operations of the Relief Committee. The whole amount of wages lost to the operatives by the failure of employment is calculated at £13,000 a week-the place of which is supplied by a weekly dole, which last week amounted to a little over £1000; ? 80 that, in round numbers, each of the relieved population, including men, women, and children, is deprived of as many of the necessaries and comforts of life to nothing of saving and provision for the future? as can be purchased for something short of 10s. a-week. These general figures, though startling enough, but faintly express the actual privation which many poor creatures are suffering here. If I had confined my visits to the poorest quarters of the town to places where good wages are spent recklessly on the belly and back, and where there is always more or less of poverty, and no thinking of to- morrow? I might easily pile up cases of squalid misery hardly to be equalled in the most degraded dens of the metropolis. For instance, in one court I found a poor woman with three children, whose husband had three days' parish work and an extra relief of three shillings, in all Six shillings a week for the five. All their furniture was gone but a table and two chairs, and all five slept in one bed, which was placed in a dark hole with not a ray of light finding its way into it? such as we should hardly think too good to store coals In. All their clothes had been pawned, and most bitterly of all did the pow was by lament a good black suit of her husband which was in for 10s., and which they could never hope to redeem. Their earnings in good times had been about 25s. a week. In the same court was another family in equal straits. Six people had to live on 8s a week, which the husband earned by working half time; oil were reduced to one bed, the other two having been long ago sold to keep the wolf from the door, and the whole 7 family had just one sheet to lie on and a quilt to cover them. In another house I saw a sight which will be before my eyes for many a day to come. It was a little, low, stone floor room, its only furniture a table, a stool, and a bed. On the bed was stretched a wretched objects could not tell whether it was a man or a and? worn to the bone, a very skeleton, in fact, her body covered with putrid acres, with not a rag on her literally naked but for the coarse sheet which was spread over her. The bed on which she lay was a rough brown sacking stuffed with a handful of straw. She had lain there I don't know how long; her husband had lain there before her, and died on the same bed. She was the mother of two girls, factory b operatives, who earned or were relieved with Y a few shillings I forget how many, for I own that I was too much shocked at what I saw to listen to figureS. One can only hope, for the credit of the relieving officer, that this terrible case had escaped his notice, otherwise he would surely have strained or broken a rule, or had this miserable creature removed from the wretched den in which I found her. Even among a somewhat better class the suffering is hardly less extreme, and sad were the tales to which I had to listen t of the gradual descent from comfort to utter 6 destitution. In one little house, huddled all together, was a family of eleven, all of whom had been twenty-eight weeks out of work, and for fifteen of these they had existed on something less than 8s. per head. The Relief Committee had just raised their pittance to 16s. for the eleven. Before the bad times the family earnings had been about 35s., and they had had to part with nearly all their furniture In a cellar, living with another family, I came upon a man and his wife and three children, who for weeks had been living on 6s. 6d. for the five. They had formerly lived in a house of their own, neatly furnished, but the landlord had turned them out when they did not pay their rent, and their furniture had absolutely all disappeared but a bed, a pan, and a kettle. Close by were a man and his wife with three girls and two boys, all over ten years of age, living on 10s. a-week. This family, too, had only one bed among them, and the children slept on the bare boards. But perhaps the strongest illustrations of the distress actually chargeable on the present crisis are the cases of respectable men who have hitherto kept themselves in comfort, and endeavored to provide for old age and infirmity. There was no difficulty in 1 finding plenty of these. At one house It visited a young couple, not long married, who between them had earned over £2 a week. They had both been out of work for some time, and when their savings were 1 exhausted they had at last applied to the 1 parish. Their present income was exactly " 5s. 6d. a-week, out of which their rent was 2s. 7d., leaving them 3s. a-week for subsistence. Another young couple had 2s a week from the Relief Committee; but, living with their parents, they had no rent to pay. In the next house there were four grown-up people living whose united in- comes amounted to 9s., out of which they had to pay 2s. rent. A little further on I came on an overseer with a family of five children. His salary had been 30s. a-week, and though he had been out of work for more than a twelvemonth, he had managed to struggle on till about a fortnight ago, t when, all his resources being exhausted, he f had been compelled to apply for relief, and was now receiving, from one source or another, about 9s. a week. An old woman and two daughters, both of them over 25 years of age one employed half-time, the other receiving relief had among (them 4s. 6d. a-week. A highly respectable reed-hook make whose wife cried bitterly as she told me her story? is earning, with the aid of one of his boys, 7s. a-week, which has to keep four of them, by dredging stones from the bed of the river. They had pawned all their clothes and much of their furniture before applying to the Relief Com- mittee. I might go on for another column with cases of a similar character, but I have selected sufficient, I think, to show the common destitution in which all classes of operatives here, whatever may have been their previous position, are now plunged. So far as it is possible to get an average of the measure of relief poor relief and Relief Committee combined I should say that it could not be more than from is. 6d. to 4s. 8d. per head; and in very many cases which came under my own observation it did not amount to that; that is to say, the unemployed operatives and a large proportion of those on half time? on the most favourable representation of the state of things? are sustaining themselves and their families for about ls. 6d. per head per week, and many of them, as we have seen, for less. A very small proportion of this is actual money; for the Relief Committee relieve wholly in kind? bread, soup, and coffee and the guardians half in kind and half in money, But, whatever be the slender sum of ready money which finds its way into their pockets, they have to pay their rent out of it, vary, ing according to the locality, from 4s. 6d. to 3s. 6d. a week, or, at least, they ought to pay it, but the owners of cottage property, especially those who are soft- hearted, are among the severest sufferers by the crisis. I have heard of one owner who has already lost £400 in this way, and who is now losing regularly £20 a-week by the inability of his tenants to pay their rents. As a general rule, I am glad to say there has been unusual forbear- ance shown by landlords, though I have heard of several cases where the poor creatures have been ruthlessly thrust into the street as soon as they began to run into arrear. To avoid this fate they will often pay the rent when they have not a morsel of food in the house, or will pawn their bedding, clothes, or furniture. With too many of them the season for these expedients is past. Most of their properly is gone, the pawnbrokers' shops are full, and one of the largest pawnbrokers in the town told me to-day that it is a fortnight at least since he had any pledge of this sort offered at his shop. The articles which are now finding their way to him ere the stock in trade of the small shopkeepers, who begin to feel the pressure of the times, and especially of the 3s. rate which is now being To vied with some threatenings of river. This is a class of the population very much to be pitied. Most of those who depend on the factory operatives have suffered severely some are not doing a quarter of their accustomed business, and a few are already ruined altogether. I have been in two or three shops, which were really nothing but an array of empty cases?thelmere ghosts of shops goods for sale of any sort and shopkeepers living like their customers, from the parish or the Relief Committee. In one shop I cleared out the last, remnants of the stock by putuhnsiijga modest parcel of local sweetmeats for the swarms of children in the next court, and the woman who served me said it was the first sale she had made for three weeks, She? ?MMl?P» by the W> SO for as I have soon, for the most part continue, to look healthy, though in many cases the poorness of their food, or the long continuance of meat diet, have shown themselves in scorbutic diseases. They are worst off in the matter of clothing, and many I saw moving about with nothing more than a thin cotton dress, and perhaps a petticoat, to cover them. What I have described may not perhaps he actual starvation, but it only at stops short of it. A considerable proportion of the population of the town have managed to keep body and soul together on this fare for the last six or nine months. Numbers are descending into their condition daily, and as the resources of the provident classes are exhausted the distress must get wider. To-day two shopkeepers and a publican were taken on the flat of the relief committee, which shows that the evil is gradually rising to the class above the operatives, The praises which have been bestowed on the men for their conduct at this trying time, so far as I have seen, is thoroughly deserved; they accept their misfortunes with resignation and bear them with fortitude. There has been a good deal of grumbling at the harshness and incivility of some of the guardians, and at the labor last to which I shall have to refer hereafter? but with these exceptions, the men have borne themselves with wonderful cheerful ness. The loudest complainant I have heard is " Whistling Dick," a half-silly beggar, who gets his living by whistling through the streets, and who, finding his harmony totally unremunerative at present, threatens to transfer himself to some other more liberal community. Besides him I have not seen a single beggar in the streets. Another fact which is very creditable to the men is that the police books show a decided decrease of crime. All the charges recorded are mostly petty offences committed by young lads, who are allowed to run wild about the streets, no provision having yet been made either to employ them usefully or send them to school. 