BUNKUM. (From the Saturday Review, January 25.) PisAon be with the manes of defunct American gasconade ! Nothing now remains for us but to bury the tomahawk, and walk in decent solemnity by the side of the coffin that beam to its last resting-place all that is left of that once vivacious essence from which Mr. Seward has so dexterously expelled the last faint breath of vitality. In less able hands the suffering might have been indefinitely prolonged ; but here the victim appears to have been treated as some old women still insist upon dealing with a case of hydrophobia, when they smother the patient to put an end to his torment Once relieved from the superincumbent weight of nurses and feather beds superstition exacts from us the belief that the choked spirit flies at once to the arms of St. Peter, and is, admitted through the celestial gate without question or cavil. But can we hope that the departed will gain entrance r unques- tioned? Even should the great janitor be indifferent to mundane considerations, what crowds of shrieking, gibbering ghosts would unite to bar the passage to such a recreant 1 Sooner than be associated with the representatives of Bull's Run, the shade of Washington would seek a refuge on the bosom of George III. The shadows of Gates and Lee would fraternize with those of Cornwallis and Clinton; the misty shapes of the' Pilgrim Fathers would lead to battle the tribes of Utah ; oven Penn and Macaulay might hush up their differences in a common cause, for none would receive on equal terms a messenger representing an earthly capitulation whilst 600,000 of his fellow countrymen were in battle array. The arms virtuous has been chaunted too long and vociferously to be all at once forgotten by departed souls of defunct senators. Some of them may, indeed, be old enough to remember the time when from these Empyrean regions The voice of Jonathan was heard to express Our President's a going to war, I guess. With what chafed and angry feelings will they now learn, by the latest arrival from New York, that When the tumult dwindled to a calm, We left them practising the hundredth psalm. In truth, the fable of the Ox and the Frog has received an illustration more striking than any the author conceived. Undue in- flation has been followed by a general collapse. The numerous pairs of bellows that have been sedulously employed in blowing up the great Federal wind-bag had done their work only too surely. There can be now no doubt that the exhortations of the New York journals, and their perpetual iteration of the non-belligerency principles of Great Britain, had so imbued the Trans atlantic mind with a sense of its superiority as to force not only the masses, but even the educated citizens of the New World, into the conviction that England would never dare to resent an American insult. Slanders and provocations have been unremittingly heaped upon our heads. When no response was made, silence was construed into acquiescence or attributed to fear. The journals have been standing on the mob, and the mob encouraging the journalists, until they have both become dupes of an hallucination hardly credible in Europe. From first to last they have misunderstood the absence of any refutations of their libels. That which has been ascribed to cowardice arose partly from indifference, partly from the feeling that even the most elegant extracts from the chronicles of Broadway would scarcely bear j transplantation to a crime where the decencies of social obligation are recognised by the most embittered foes, but mainly from the conviction that there was nothing in them that was worth either notice or retort. When the leading articles were not absolutely revolting, they were puerile, and in all instances either ludicrous or illogical. These organs of public instructions have, in fact, until recently, failed to penetrate any but the most remote corners of the British metropolis. In the marts of commerce, where quotations of Middling, Uplands, and Exchange bear joy or sorrow to the souls of countless cotton brokers, their presence has been long known and acknowledged ; but to the educated classes of Great Britain, who look for something besides the " closing prices," the existence of such journals has been only notified from time to time by the announcement of some atrocious outrage on the floor of the Senate, or the commission of a previously unheard-of crime. We must, however, in fairness admit that, since the affair of the Trent, they have caused a sensation in this country greater even than their most sanguine well- wishers could have anticipated and curiosity is taxed to its ut- most to ascertain what manner of man their contents are calculated either to amuse, instruct, or interest. Satis Superque. Let us turn from type to truth, and indulge in some Cis- Atlantic speculations on the fortunes of the great dis- ruption. On one side we see the government at Washington, with its half million of armed troops, and its abundant resources in men and paper money. If we analyse these means, we are forced to the conviction that an army which has no confidence in their leaders is little better that an armed rabble, and that a navy whose best officers have been dismissed or resigned, is hardly fit to enforce the rigorous terms of a blockade against those commanders who have carried the flag of the United States triumphantly through perils and dangers unknown to the young generation now called into service. The men, indeed, may be forthcoming, but they will be of a similar stamp to those who contested the heights of Bunker's Hill," or bore the privations and hardships of a winter's encampment at Valley Forge?" Granting the immense advantages that must accrue to any country that can command the services of Meagher of the Sword, can we shut our eyes to the fact that the majority of combatants who fight under the Yankee banner are not native-born Americans, but Germans, Swedes, Scan- dinavians, and Irish, whose sole object, like that of Dugald Dalgetty, is to take service with the best paymaster. The bonus of an extra dollar a week, or the promise of a pint of brandy, would change North into South with inconceivable rapidity. Raw levies can only be kept together by diffuse expenditure or an intense feeling of patriotism. Combating for the integrity of the soil we love is the noblest object to which man in his war paint can devote himself; but how much of this sentiment can we expect to find in the hearts of those homeless wanderers who have travelled to the far West for the sole purpose of finding rest, and have found none ? For the financial future of the Washington Government, none but a Law or a Hudson would be a fitting prophet. The Federal authority in debt to the States-the States in debt to the contractors-the contractor in debt to their agents-and the agents standing at the doors of the Treasury, form a a pleasant circle of mutual obligations from which the paper emission of Mr. Secretary Chase will afford but a brief respite. The suspension of cash payments has inaugurated the forthcoming tragedy, of which the acts will soon be played out with a logical sequence intelligible to the meanest capacity. It is not given us to know what the role of the principal performers, will be, nor does it much signify. ' General M'Clellan's promises to pay 01 die must be by this time at a fearful discount ; nor will the establishment of 1 Hilton d bank, founded upon military triumphs not yet won, meet with any greater success than the proposal to issue assignats representing public property as yet unconquered. On the other side, we see the forces of the Confederates, excited by victory and animated by the hope of independence, encamped within sight of the capital. inferior in numerical strength, but full of confidence in themselves and their cause, they hold at bay ten times their number. South of the Potomac, leaders are worthy of their followers and an army will found, badly pro- visioned, and worse equipped, is ready to march without the allurements of a dollar or 1 ration. To dream of subjugating such a race is a vain and hopeless delusion ; nor is it less absurd to advance the doctrine that a Union sentiment lies somewhere stifled in the South, or to denounce the Secessionist as fratricides. There is no more real affinity between the belligerents than between, the Cherokees and the Caffres. A commonplace damage is mainly employed for the purpose of heaping the direst invective upon each other. The feud now commenced in earnest has been simmering for half a century and the last of conquest and the greed of gain have at last borne their fatal Fruits. On one point alone do these strange people agree, and that is in an overwhelming estimate of themselves, and a corresponding depreciation of all others outside the sacred pale. From the East, from the West, from the North, from the South, are heard the same eternal and sickening tones of"açlf;laudation that have signalised the lucubrations of American writers since the era when their statesmen dwindled into politicians. Adversity may, and probably will work a change for the better; but, in the meantime, we venture to remind them, in the words of Tacitus, that " Truth is always brought to light by time and reflection, whilst the lie of the day lives by bustle, noise, and precipitation." 