DRAMATIS PERSONÆ. (The characters will be left to speak for themselves by their own words, and still more by their pantomimic action, and will not be introduced and assisted by any puerile or punning descriptions.) RUSSIANS. Admiral SMOKANTHUNDEROFF, Commander of the Expedition against Melbourne. Captain BLUDNOZBLAKKI, Captain of Russian Marines. Purser SAKKEMORL, Curator of the Expected Treasures. Russian storming party, marines, powder monkeys, &c.; VICTORIANS. General WADDYBONG, Commander of the Melbourne Forces. Colonel POUNDEMDOWN, in charge of Volunteer Artillery. Colonel MINNYPIN, in charge of Volunteer Rifles. Captain CLUBLAW, in charge of Police Force. CHARLEY CABBAGETREE, a young Bushman. SALLY, the Flower of Flemington Fields. Ministers of the Government, the Mayor and Corporation, Members of the Royal Society, Melbourne Merchants, Bankers and others, Volunteers of Artillery and Rifles, Police, the Ghosts of Three Commissioners, the Eleven of all England, Distracted Mothers, Flying Girls, and Dare-devil Boys, &c.;, &c.; OVERTURE. The overture introduces all the native "melodies" of the corrobo- ries of the most musical of the Victorian black-fellow tribes. SCENE I. SANDRIDGE.—Time, Daybreak. The business of this scene—(i.e., the expressive action or panto- mime)—displays the arrival of the Russian gun-boats and armed barges. Having come up the bay in the night, a small party only of the Volunteer Artillery is present to oppose the landing. Landing of the storming party of the Russians, amidst discharges of shot and shell on both sides. The fall of Liardet's hotel, after a hot attack and defence. Descent of a Russian shell upon a tar-barrel. A ship-chandler's warehouse takes fire, together with several large stores. Flight of everybody! Enter Admiral SMOKANTHUNDEROFF (in his black bearskin uni- form, with green facings, large snow-ball epaulettes, and huge silver buttons). He is followed by Captain BLUDNOZBLAKKI, waving his immense green cocked-hat; and by the Purser, SAKKEMORL, with a huge bag of Russian leather, for the "sweepings" of the jewellers' shops. The Admiral, raising his great cocked-hat with crimson feathers, announces, his plan of proceedings against the besieged, in a recitative composed for a bass voice, and followed by— SONG.—(Smokanthunderoff.) My barge with roomy hold, Shall be sent to bring the gold, Which in Melbourne's safes and cellars so secretly abides; Three millions I demand, To ransom the rich land, That once was only famous for its tallow, wool and hides. Three millions being bagged, Our tails victorious wagged. And our squadron all in readiness to sail away, I'll swear December's summer Has killed a Russian drummer, And three millions more, in punishment, the town shall pay. Vain-glorious War-Dance—loud shouts—roll of Russian drums— discharge of fire-arms—another large store takes fire! (Exeunt omnes.) SCENE II. (A Carpenter's Scene in the 1st grooves.) RICHMOND PARK. Enter Commissioners for the Defence of the Colony, and Captains of the Volunteer and Police Forces. They hold a Council of War. The Volunteer Officers differ in opinion, and two of them begin to fight with each other, but are separated by the sudden entrance of General Waddybong. SONG—(Waddybong). Let dogs delight to bark and bite, For 'tis their nature to, But Volunteers should never fight, Except against their foe. Combine, my friends, for patriot ends, And laurels shall be won: For soon we'll roast the Russian bear, Beneath December's sun! ( Exeunt). SCENE III. COLLINS STREET WEST. (All this to be real pantomime, i.e., dumb show and action). Bankers, Merchants, Gold-brokers and Jewellers rush forth from doors, and begin fastening up shutters and securing upper windows, in an excited and sensible manner. Managers, Clerks, Shopmen and Boys stagger out from banks, shops, &c.;, with coffers, safes, cases, bags, &c.; One gentleman (supposed to be "Mr. Moneyspiller") owing to the great weight he is endeavoring to carry off, faints away, and is borne out by a black fellow, who had been hired to assist his last moments on this occasion. (Exeunt Omnes, with bags, cases, safes, &c.;) SCENE IV. GENERAL POST OFFICE. (A set-scene for effect). Crowds hurrying out of town—men, women and children running against each other—Post-office clerks' climbing on the roof and scaffoldings—Shouts and explosions outside—Consternation of every- body. Enter General WADDYBONG, followed by Colonels POUNDEMDOWN, MINNYPIN, and Captain CLUBLAW. The General communicates his strategic plan of action, in a grand Recitative, in which he explains that the combined Melbourne force shall feign a precipitate retreat towards Flemington, so as to cause the excited Russians to pursue, till they fell into a grand ambuscade. As all the gold and treasure have been already carried off in this direction, the pursuit will be certain. Air—(Waddybong). Followed by a concerted piece for four voices. The quartette to be sung by the General and his three chief Officers very patriotic and martial; but no encore must on any account be conceded, as it would stop the action and progress of the pantomime. (Exeunt General and Officers). Enter Volunteer Artillery, followed by the Rifles. March towards Flemington, preceded by band of drums and fifes. Grand Chorus—Air, "The British Grenadiers." We wait the signal to turn round, and charge the greedy foe: Of shot and bullets he will have a belly-full we know! (Exeunt Omnes). Enter the Ministers of the Government, their portfolios under the left arm, and having the right arm bound with red tape. Enter the Mayor and Corporation of Melbourne, each bearing an emblematic pot of beer upon a rate book. Enter the leading Members of the Society, all wearing large green spectacles. They range themselves in three different groups, for elaborate con- sultation, at this dreadful crisis. Enter Charlie Cabbagetree. He addresses the three deliberative bodies in a rhymed speech, full of chaff, but having plenty of weighty corn underneath. He then breaks into the following,— Song.—(Air—"The roast beef of Old England." The way to do something is easy and plain, If a definite course with good sense you first chalk; The way to do nothing (and then to be slain) Is to waste all the morning in talk— In talk-- Is to waste all the morning in talk! My word! what a country Victoria had been, If some eight years ago, when the poorest had gold, Our makers of laws had but clearly foreseen That the lands must be honestly sold! Be sold— That the lands must be honestly sold! But now, though 'tis plain we are all in a mess, By our running, on high stilts, before we could walk, You still seem disposed to increase our distress By the same waste of chances in talk-- In talk— By the same loss of reason in talk! The three deliberative bodies awake at this reproach, and com- mence three very intricate and very different dances, round Charley, who dances a hornpipe in the centre. (Exeunt, dancing towards Flemington), Shouts outside and shots fired. Enter Dr. HEAVENS, from the Post- office, in a New Zealand war-dress. He vows to burn the Russians in a bon-fire of newspapers; but as he makes this vow in the form of a Pindaric Ode, the audience are not aware of his intentions, but suppose that he utters maledictions in the Maorie tongue. Retreat of the Ladies of Melbourne, duly escorted by swells. Enter the GHOSTS of the Three Defunct Yan Yean Commissioners TRIO--(The Ghosts). When shall we three meet again?— Never-- except in drops of rain. They vow to lay on one of the largest possible hoses, and suffocate the enemy with water. (Exeunt). Enter the Three Hydropathic Doctors. Dr. JOHN DE BOHM: Behold! Dr. LEMOILLE: Wet blanket cold! Mr. BERIGNY: This sheet's unroll'd! TRIO--(The Doctors). Against all beseigers, diseases, war, slaughter, Loss of wealth, loss of spirits, there's nothing like water! ( Exeunt.) Loud shouts--shots fired--and roll of drums coming nearer. Enter Admiral SMOKANTHUNDEROFF. He is followed by the main body of the besieging forces. They fire a cannon at the Post-office, and knock off one corner, which falls, and crushes in the roof of Hill's photographic gallery. (Exeunt, the Admiral and his forces in pursuit). Enter, from the Gallery Door, Three Ladies, with faces very dif- ferent from their likenesses and dresse covered with brick dust. They were followed through the door by the "Eleven of England." CHORUS.—(The Cricketers).--Air, "Ye Gentlemen of England, &c.;" Ye friendly Melbourne citizens, Though we are only here, As visitors, we'll lend our aid Against the invading Bear: His ugly mug shall feel our bats, Till he with grief shall know All the dash and the crash Of a Cricketer's best blow. (Exeunt, after Russians.) SCENE V. (Carpenters Scene, to give time for arrangements behind.) THE FLEMINGTON FIELDS. These fields will require to be a little heightened by the imagina- tion of the scenic artist. Enter SALLY. This charming young lady will give a dance, characteristic of maiden fears of rapacious Russians; also a Song, if suited to her talents, and additional time be wanted to set scenes behind. Exit SALLY. Flats are drawn back, and discover a part of the bush, suited to the ambuscade of a small army. The artist will assist Nature with a few more gum trees and and some shrubs in this locality. Enter GENERAL WADDYBONG at the head of the Melbourne forces. The General beckons forward Charley CABBAGETREE and Sally, and arranges the ambuscade all in dumb-show, to very descriptive and expressive music, of course,--in fact, all in legitimate pantomime, without puns, or play upon words, or any of the like innovations. The forces being all "planted," Charley and Sally are left sitting innocently on a log, as decoys. Insidious music. It gradually changes to a Russian March. Enter ADMIRAL SMOKANTHUNDEROFF at the head of the invading forces. He engages the services of Charley as a guide, and sends him for- ward with the forces. Exquisitely humourous Duet, (for which we have no room.) Sally now inveigles the Admiral by a dance, in which he joins, into the bush to smell the wild flowers, but he suddenly smells a rat, and calls aloud for his forces! The Russian Forces re-enter hurriedly, and the Melbourne Forces suddenly emerge from the bush and confront them. Grand tableau! General combat, to the tune of the Lancers at first, but changing to Paddy Carey, and then to quicker and less precise movements, and ending in confusion and rout of the Russians. Flight and pursuit. (Exeunt Omnes.) SCENE VI. (Another Carpenter's Scene.) PRINCE'S BRIDGE. Enter the GHOSTS of the THREE YAN YEAN COMMISSIONERS, with a long hose. Menacing and otherwise descriptive war dance. Uproar approaching. Russians pass across in flight, pell mell. They are well drenched by the hose of the Three Ghosts as they pass. Enter Dr. HEAVENS followed by a dray load of blazing news- papers. Several of the fugitive Russians are thrown among the (painted) flames. All this to appropriate music, of course. The main body of the Russians now passes across, followed closely by the ELEVEN of ALL ENGLAND with their BATS and BALLS (no joke). and next by General WADDYBONG and the main body of the Mel- bourne forces. Several of the invaders will be knocked down by cricket balls, and others will be flung neck and crop over the bridge, if the carpenters of the scene render this desirable effect practicable. SCENE THE LAST. SANDRIDGE—Russian gun boats and sea shore visible. Enter the invaders and their pursuers, pell-mell. Many of the Russians are driven (if possible) headlong into the sea. The gun boats are blown up in the air. Captain BLUDNOZBLAKKI is shot by a rifleman, and the Purser SAKKEMORL is cut clean in two by an artilleryman's fine aim. Admiral MOKANTHUNDEROFF is knocked down by the cricket bat of Mr. STEPHENSON. The Admiral is then tarred and feathered, and stuck on the top of the blackened ruins of Liardet's Hotel. The smoke now clears off. A golden light gradually illumines the scene, which changes to Ferntree Gully by shutting in flats. Enter the GENIUS of the GOLD-FIELDS. A golden pick is at his back, and a golden shovel in his hand. He raises his shovel and all the dead come to life, and together with the Admiral, in his new suit of feathers, come before him for sentence. 