THE OTAGO GOLD-FIELDS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. I Sir-May who bet insertion to the following Statement of facts as a caution to diggers and others leaving their homes and their cure I tions in Victoria to rush to the gold fields of Otago « "We arrived here on the 16th of beaten i last full of hope and high expectations hav a ing previously heard of Messrs Hartley a id Riley s rich find of gold on the I units of the i Molineux To our amazement on entering Dunedin we found it crowded with ding rs and unemployed men who had returned for in the above gold field unable to work it the river having, risen from the melting of the snow which it was presumed would len len it onward be during the summer months After remaining here ten days unable to oh I turn any employment a very flattering re port The Mr Commissioner Branigan which you will doubtless remember appeared in the Dunedin papers, of a rich and extensive gold I field on the jSokomai about 180 miles dix , tant which stated that there was room for several thousand diggers but that it would be necessary for all parties proceeding thither to take with them a good supply of provisions Acting, upon this report vie, with several hundreds of others determined to start for this new El Dorado and having procured cartage for our mining tools and a months supply of provisions at the high late of Is 6d per lb we shouldered our big acts and tent and commence our journey on foot Mchad not proceeded halfway before we were met by numbers of returning diggers vi who one and all declared it a a matter hoax and recommended us to turn back but I iv mc and revisions on the dray and carnage ] did for we were obliged to follow them up He remained there a fortnight sinking holes and taking out paddocks without even making a pennyweight although the colour was visible everywhere The population which upon our arrival amounted to seven or eight hundred had by this time decreased to less than one third they having been equally as successful v ith ourselves We therefore de- termined to cross the Snowy Mountains to an aids the Dunstan near which we had heard one or two rich gullies had been opened Upon anning at the head of the Nevis River a distance of twelve miles from the rooms we found a few parties at work chiefly prospecting We remained here two days but could not get any payable gold One or two parties are feeling" a little gold at the head of one of the gullies ninth had induced others to sink and the gully, for half a mile was covered with aban stoned holes From thence we proceeded down the seas River three days journey to Potters Gully situated in the Umbrella Hurgts distant about twenty miles from the Dunstan township which was one of the re] ported rich gullies We arrived there only a fortnight after its first discovery and it was not only all taken up but a great portion of it worked out the gold lying mostly in the bed of the stream which was very narrow in many parts not more than six feet wide Me took up a portion of ground on the banks of the creek from which we obtained a few pennyweights but after working a week we found the ground giving out and not being able to make expenses no were compelled to give it up the gully in a an} places was very rich and several parties did exceedingly well in consequence of writhings numbers of miners were arriving" on the set every day that like ourselves worn out with fatigue from carrying lit ivy Too Is over a rough and mountainous country were anxious to settle on any spot where they could procure the means of subsistence From thence we proceeded towards the Kawarau passing on our way a Bully calle I Adams's or I addy s Gully a few days after its discovery This gully is even narrower and more rock bound than letters and every footofitviastukenup andthutbyveiy few men We found the Kawarau so swollen that it was impossible to work there which state it is expected to continue in for several months. We visited several other minor rushes of no account, and also traversed the mountains for miles round, but found most of the gullies has been prospected before as. Having heard that some parties had obtained from half a penny- , weight to two pennyweights to the dish, on the banks of a large creek called the Bannockburn, we determined to give it a trial, and upon our arrival we found about half-a-dozen parties at work, ones 01 two of whom were said to be making, " tucker." We sank one hole, and obtained one or two rough specks, which induced us to think that the gold lay in the bed of the creek, as in the other gullies. We turned the stream, and took out a paddock, from which we obtained about half a penny weight, the result of' a week's hard work. From there we moved on to the Dunstan township, a few days after Fox's retort on the new gold-field on the Quadrona and Arrow Rivers, which caused great excitement, Hundreds of miners have started loaded with tents, cradles, tools, fifty pound bags of flour, and other necessaries, <nth man carrying as much as he could stagger under ; but after a day or two many of them begun to return, and we East- several who stated to us that the Guadiana and Arrow Rivers, like all others in this country, she unworkable in the summer months. They told us that many had attempted to work the ground, but the water had swamped them out, and having no pumps, and na 1 mber to make any they were compelled to leave it. Secure hundreds of men about the township doing nothing, and many at starvation point, and ourselves not knowing where to turn to get a little gold, we were compelled to retrace our steps to Dunedin, to seek other employment. As to our succeeding at Conroy's Gully, we had not the ghost of a n e banco. It never at any time found work for more than 200 men. The gold that this got fell into very few hands, on account of The ground being exceedingly patchy. We are acquainted with numbers of men who are on the diggings, and with the exception of two instances, not one has been successful and so it is hundreds are hanging on to their last penny, waiting for the falling of the river, which is not expected until February or March. Out of a population of over 8,000, we are convinced that not more than 700 or 800 are making wages, although a portion of these are, what is called in digging pal Lance, making their piles, and the rest are living upon their little savings, most of which have been carried in Victoria, or the neighbouring colonies. On our way down, having only a few pounds left, we made applications for employment at the several stations, but were told that twenty or more applications were made every day by returning diggers. Upon our arrival in Dunedin, we found employment more difficult to obtain than we had anticipated, for although the merchant, and storekeepers appear to be doing a large trade, they cannot give employment to all. Dunedin being at the present time crowded with broken-down diggers like ourselves, even the most menial occupations are ready to be snapped up by numbers as soon as known, at lower rates of wages than are obtainable either in Victoria or the neighbouring colonies of New Zealand. We ourselves have applic I for every situation which has been advertised in the papers since our return-from a clerk in a merchant's office to a boots at a tavern, and a washed-up at an eating-house, the whole of which have usually been filled before nine a.m. on the morning of insertion. We have also applied to the Government for work on the roads, having heard that 6s. per day was given to all applicants, but we were again doomed to disappointment, being told that they could find employment for no more than those already at work. However incredible it may appear, we have met with men offering for sale their coats off their backs and hats off their heads, to buy fe ed to satisfy their hunger. No doubt you will be much astonished at this statement, after the glowing accounts which from the. to time have appeared in the Dunedin papers, which, by publishing each individual case of success, and withholding the distress and disappointment of the greater number, manages to keep the fever of excitement at its highest point. In conclusion, we should strongly recom- mmd none to start for these gold- fields unless they have money enough to purchase a pack-horse and the necessary tools, and also have sufficient to maintain themselves for at least three months after their arrival on the diggings. We are, Sir, yours respectfully, WILLIAM WIGHT. JOHN MARTIN. Dunedin, Dec. 8 P.S.--Since writing the above, news had arrived from the Dunstan of the escort having closed for a little over 12,000 oz. for a fort- ? night, which includes several large parcels ' sent down by individual miners ; so that, presuming there are 12,000 men on the field the majority must be doing little or nothing. 