SPIRIT RAPPING AND SUPER NATURALISM. [From the Times.] How will the future historian of English civiliza-<*> tion under Queen Victoria be able to explain the pre-<*> valent passion for tampering with the supernatural? None of the terrifc agencies of nature which are said to inspire and intensify credulity have demoralized the present generation; few of us hare felt an earth quake or seen a volcano ; sword and pestilence, fire and flood, have for years past carried off but a small per centage of victims; and education, more potent than the " parson" of olden times, has laid the most refrac tory ghosts of our country churchyards. Yet co far from superstition being extinct or dormant, wo hare clear proofs of its existence, and some reason to fear that it is on the increase both in the highest and lowest classes of society. While Mr. Home and Mr. Forster hold their fashionable séances at the West end of London, Gipsies and fortune-tellers are pandering to a like morbid craving for communion with die kingdom of darkness among peasants and servant girls. We would not, indeed, do the former gentle men the injustice of comparing tueir motives or scientific attainments with those of their humble imitators. They do not extort money by playing ou popular terrors, or profess to impart powers which may be used to the injury of others. Still the de mand to which they minister is virtually die same. The Wimbledon Gipsy, who all but persuaded Mrs. King to buy "something to do her good," dropping hint* about her husband dying within the month, and the old sorceress who exacted £30 of a Devonshire laborer "to cross the planets" and cure him of cataract, belong to the same great fraternity, and in medi eval times would have been consigned to the same doom with the most aristocratic adepts in spiritu alism. The followers of Messrs. Home aud Forstcr would probably express their creed in-very much the same terms as this hist poor simpleton, after he had been robbed of his earning?:—" I don't know that I believed it, but I thought there was something in it." They might smile at one of his reasons—"I thought she was a promising person, as she said she was the seventh daughter of a seventh daughter," and they would scarcely attribute a common ailment to having been " ill-wished, or something of that kind ; " but they may depend upon it that they are indulging the same propensity for dealing with occult powers which has peopled the imagination of successive ages with successive ideas of supernatural agency. Mr. Justice Blackburn, in sentencing the female astrologer at Exeter, said he did not believe "that there were many foolish people who would act in such a way as the prosecutor had done." We cannot agree with his Lordship, for the proof is before us that persons of high rank, and not destitute of common sense, do actually countenance practices which only differ from vulgar necromancy as the genteel fee of a guinea differs from an old gown and a shilling or two. The details of one of these sittings with Mr. Forstcr were given in our impression of Thursday. Common table-turning and the noisier methods of j spirit-rapping seem to have had their day, and the last invention in the arts once called " black," but now refined into amusements, is a species of epis tolary correspondence with the departed. Patting together the "constant lurches of the table," the presence of "something that rubs against your " knees " (sorely heathen and early Christian spirits were impalpable), and the prohibition to look under the table, which we believe ia peremptory, wo cannot think that the answers of spirits to questions folded up in paper are at all more wonderful i nan the feats of M. Robin or Professor Frikell. The sudden emblazon ment of a deceased friend's Cnristian name in red letters on Mr. Forster's arm is certainly startling,' unless we suppose all the names usually given in baptism to be inscribed tiiere in iuvuible characters, and the right one to be brought out at the right time by processes known to readers of Rabelais. But tbe fact remains, and it is one pregnant with, signifi cance, that ordinary conjurors' work, through the medium of accomplices, mechanical apparatus, and legerdemain, portents which cheat the senses quite as effectually as these. Nay, more, we remember an in stance in which a " wizard," who used to travestic clair voyance successfully by contrivances of his own, recanted his heresy and took to performing the same tricks, professedly by means of clairvoyance, upon finding that the more profitable trade. Cases like these warn us that there is no miracle which can be wrought by mortal man capable, in itself, of proving the of the agency by which it is effected. The most transcendant signs and wonders often admit of the simplest explanations. In that wild outburst of speculative superstition which preceded the scepticism or the French Revolution, the fabulous magnificence of Cagliostro might well dazzle the Parisians into thinking him master of the philosopher's stone. The bubble burst when he was discovered to have been the agent of a secret society commissioned to spend any sums that might be required to keep up the pres tige of his mysterious character. So man of plain sense would pretend to detect in an hour the impos tures which an ingenious mind, exercised on decep tion for a lifetime, and aided by the choice of place and tbe regulation of light, might play off before him. He must often keep a discreet silence or con fess with Dominie Sampson that the phenomena are "prodigious" and beyond his power of analysis, while he may have a perfect right to reject the theory of them which it is the performer's interest to suggest. There is one short method of confuting the preten sions of spiritualists which can be appreciated and applied by the dullest capacity. If there exist a power so marvellous as that of raising spirits from the tomb, and employing their ghostly faculties for jpurposes of revelation and prediction, how comes it that the possessors of so mighty a spell are content with a subordinate position in the world? Why do they not at least apply their art to stockjobbing, or distance all rivals in commerce, to cell the secrete of war and diplomacy to belligerent Governments ? A man who could summon up genii to do his bidding, and read the hearts of the dead and living, would aspire to some loftier sphere of action than a morn ing exhibition in a drawing-room at a guinea a-head. Granting that it would be inconsistent with his dignity to accept challenges to discover the number of bank-notes enclosed in boxes, he would feel a lofty and serene pride in showing bis superiority to the rest of mankind. The alchemists of old, though, they claimed no such superhuman attributes, laboured for objects which no man can despise—for wealth, for health, for length of days. There must bo some degeneracy in the ambition of their descendants if, gifted with authority never before vouchsafed to mortals, they pitch their aims no higher than com petence and popularity. Such an argument as this might not occur to the simple country-folk who are fleeced by fortune tellers, and the example of Mrs. King, the wife of a surgeon at Wimbledon, who seems to have been only deferred by the price fron. purchasing the Gipsy's magic bottle, shows that a belief in witch craft is not confined to the poor. Among the rich we suspect that a taste for spiritualism is chiefly kept up by reports that such and such persons of eminence have entire faith in it. To this it is, per haps, an adequate answer that other persons of equal rank and a more critical turn of mind are alleged, on the same hearsay evidence, to have found out the key of the whole system. At all events, we should very much like to have in the witness-box the philosophers and statesmen whose names are thus used, and to ascertain from them at first-hand what they are pre pared to swear that they have seen—how much, in short, of their testimony consists of facts, and how much is made up of loose deductions from fact- As for the statements that may be found in books, wo freely confess that, if a thousandth part of thorn be true, it is enough to prove not only that spirits walk the earth, but that they must enjoy a perpetual leave of absence from their proper head-quarters. The misfortune is that books cannot be cross-examined, and yet that those who rely upon what they have read or beard from friends are apt to interpret any home questions that may be asked them as reflections on their per sonal veracity. There is, however, one way of veri fying the truth of spiritualism which, we doubt not, would satisfy the public. Let its champions request the Royal Society, or some other scientific body of high repute, to appoint a mixed Committee of savans and lawyers, in the nature of a Jury, to test euch experiments as may be submitted to them. If Mr. Forster can convince them of his influence over the unseen world, he will remain master of the position. Ifi onthe contrary, the spirits prove reluctant to quit the ground to which they have been accustomed, and shrink from scientific interrogation as the revolving tables shrank from Faraday's apparatus, we shall know what to think. A practical joke is a practical joke, and we should be very sorry to spoil legitimate sport, but there is fairplay in miracles as well as in other things, and, if a serious demand is made on our belief, let us have a serious increase of its credibility. 