AMERICA. The events in America of which we have received intelligence since the publication of our last may be briefly summarised. In our May number we described the fall of New Orleans, the advance of the Federal army under M'Clellan to within a few miles of Richmond, and the gathering for a final struggle of the Confederate forces in the West under Beaure gard, at Corinth, in the south of Tennessee. At the end of May, the Confederates evacuated Corinth, with their Usual secrecy and despatch, before General Halleck was able to attack them. According to our latest advices, however, their army has since been completely disorganized. General Pope, who was sent by Halleck to pursue them, reports that he has captured about 15,000 prisoners, He represents the Mississippians as demoralized and as departing for their homes ; but according to other accounts General Beauregard has still 80 000 men. The Northerners believe his force is in want of provisions, It is considered not impossible that the best portion of his army may be able to make its way to Richmond. In the neighborhood of Richmond a sanguinary engagement has occurred, but the decisive battle, so long looked forward to, has not yet been fought. As, according to all accounts, the Confederates are determined to defend their capital, that battle, when it does happen, will be the real Waterloo of the War, and will be as obstinate and bloody a contest as desperation can make it. The preliminary engagement adverted to the Battle of Pair Oaks-has left both sides precisely where they were. M'Clellan continues his preparations against the enemy, who are posted right in front of Richmond. The principal obstacle to his advance is the weather," heavy rains having flooded the country round. The capture of New Orleans and Baton Rouge has been followed by other important Federal triumphs on the Mississippi. The Confederate flotilla near Memphis has been defeated and destroyed and Memphis itself has surrendered. Here, as at New Orleans and elsewhere in the South, all the cotton was found burnt. Vicks burg is now the only stronghold on the Mississippi which holds out against the Northerners ; but it cannot be supposed that that place will give their ascending and descending fleets much trouble. Meanwhile, the Federal government is straining every nerve to strike heavy blows at once at Savannah, Mobile, and Charleston. The public desire in the North is to have possession of these cities, as well as Richmond, before the 4th of July, " on which day," says a New York letter, " the grand finale of the spectacle is to be exhibited to the admiring world in a blaze of blue and crimson fire, and a splendid tableau vivats of the triumph of brotherly love, achieved by the cannon-ball and the bayonet, and of the renewed union of North and South, cemented by the blood of a hundred thousand men." Already a commencement has been made at Charleston, without the possession of which the tableau and the triumph would be alike incomplete, and victory, in the estimation of half the North not worth winning ; but the commencement has been rather unfavorable to the assailants. It is evident, however, that important news may be daily expected from that quarter, as well as from Mobile, where a Federal squadron has been for some time engaged in Attacking Fort Morgan, and from Savannah, which has been powerless to offer any effectual resistance since the capture or surrender of Fort Polaski, " Charleston," says the New York correspondent of the Times, " is the one sweet morsel of victory that is most intensely coveted and a New England journal declares that it would be a fitting termination of the war to him and level that worse than Gomorrah' with the ground, and sow the site with salt as a warning to all rebels till the end of time Another amiable editor of the same sentiments thinks that not even this vengeance would meet the justice of the case, unless gibbets as high as those of Haman were created on the spot for Jeff. Davis, Beauregard, Floyd, Toomba, Cobb, and half-a-dozen others." The subjoined details concerning the above and other incidents are compiled from the journals and correspondence of the past month The Federal iron-clad flotilla lately received an important check in the James River. The Monitor, Galena, Nangatuck, Port Royal, and Arts took were repulsed by the Confederates at Fort Darling, about seven miles below Richmond. Washington despatches state that the James River was clear of obstruction to within eight miles of Richmond. At that point there was a heavy battery on a high bluff, the river being temporarily closed to navigation by sunken vessels, piles, and chains. The Monitor could not elevate her gun sufficiently to reach the high battery, and was therefore useless. The 100-pounder gun of the Naugatuck exploded at the first fire. The banks of the river were filled with rifle pits, from which a constant fire was poured on the Federal fleet, part of which was engaged at 600 yards distance from the main battery. After an action of four hours the Federal fleet withdrew. The Federals are stated to have lost from 4000 to 1100 men. Colonel Campbell's report states that the Federal dead were interred on the banks of the river and adds that part of the gunboat fleet had returned to Jamestown island, Eighteen shots penetrated the Galena. The Monitor is reported to be uninjured. Later intelligence does not add much to our information respecting the above remarkable action. We are told that the Galena was injured by shots which " entered her deck." It appears that the Galena and her consorts, in ranging up under the guns at Fort Darling, sustained a vertical fire, to which it was impossible to reply, and which the construction of the vessels was not prepared to resist. ' General Hunter, the Federal General in command of the Southern Military Division at Hil- ton Head, South Carolina, recently issued a proclamation, declaring that martial law exists in South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida that martial law and slavery are incompatible, and that, therefore, all slaves are henceforth made free in those States. The proclamation has excited great displeasure and alarm throughout the North, and the President has issued a proclamation of his own, declaring that of General Hunter as null and void. The President further I declares that he reserves to himself to decide whether he is competent as commander-in-chief of the army and navy to declare slaves of any State free, and also to decide whether, at any time or in any case, it shall become a necessity indispensables the maintenance of government to exercise such supposed power. He refers also to the resolution adopted by congress to co-operate with any Slave State for gradual emancipation, and says: "I now earnestly appeal to the people of those States, i . I. beseech all to make arguments for yourselves. You cannot if you would be blind to the signs of the times. Will you not embrace the proposed tion" May the past and future not have to lament that you have neglected an opportunity to do so much good !" Meanwhile, General Hunter has formed a corps of 5000 negroes to garrison Port Royal, and has armed them-to the no small annoyance of the Federal officers. At New Orleans, the conduct of the Federal General Butler seems to be preparing difficulties for the North. He lately seized the con- sulates of Holland, France, and Spain, and placed Guards over them. These acts admit, it is said, of an explanation ; but another act of his has excited the indignation of all Europe not to speak of the intense fury of the Southerners. Finding his men exasperated by the impertinence of the New Orleans women, General Butler ordered that any woman who insulted a soldier should be " treated as a woman of the town plying her avocation." By a local law of New Orleans, all such women are liable to 24 hours' imprisonment. The mayor, on receipt of the order, refused to be responsible for the peace, whereupon he was arrested and sent to Port Jackson, but after a few hours' imprisonment apologized and was restored. Beauregard immediately reprinted the order, which was read at the head of every regiment, and in every church in the South. It is, we perceive, generally condemned in the North : but we have not yet heard that General Butler has been removed from his command. The news of the surrender of Norfolk by the Confederates and the destruction of the Merri- mac was received in New York on Sunday, May 14\. Of course the excitement it caused was immense. The New York correspondent of the Times writes c-The churches the afternoon were almost wholly left to the women and children, while the men swarmed into the hotel lobbies or gathered at the corners of streets to read and discuss the telegrams in the extra editions of the newspapers. The news- boys kept up a continuous and discordant shout of ' Glorious news !' and drove a prosperous trade from morning till night. The uproar which they created in the proclamation of their wares, especially when they announced the Destruction of the Merrimac interrupted the services in many of the churches ¡ and scores of men (the ladies could not well move for shames' sake) sunk from their pews as quietly as they might, to hear glad tidings that for the moment were far more interesting to their hearts than the glad tidings of salvation which they had come to hear, and many a sermon came in consequence to a more sudden close than was originally designed for it. This time the telegrams told the official truth and no more. There is an end of the short but brilliant career of the Merrimac. Her first battle was her last. The naval officer in command of Fortress Monroe and Hampton Roads goaded apparently to the display of a little energy and daring by the recital of the deeds of Commodore Farragut at New Orleans, if not by the presence and express command of President Lincoln, who came from Washington to be for once the practical as well as the theoretical commander- in-chief of the land and sea forces of the Union-impressed the Confederate authorities at Norfolk with the idea that the force opposed to the Merrimac was more than sufficient to capture or destroy her. The military authorities in that great arsenal and depot were of the same opinion as regarded the city of Norfolk and its suburbs. On Saturday General Wool, accompanied by Mr. Secretary Chase, landed 5000 men from Fortress Monroe at Willoughby Point, a place indicated by a deserter; and immediately afterwards commenced his march upon Norfolk. He was met within five miles of the city by a deputation of the inhabitants and municipal authorities, by whom, after a few minutes' parley, it was surrendered into his hands without the firing of a shot, together with its suburbs of Portsmouth and Gosport. The Confederate army had previously retired, after destroying the Navy yard at Gosport, with a large quantity of naval stores and ammunition. On Sunday morning, between 2 and 3 o'clock, the Merrimac was set on fire by the Confederates, to prevent her falling into the hands of the enemy, and after burning for two hours-a sublime spectacle to all who witnessed it blew up with a terrific explosion, and now lies in broken ruins at the bottom of the sea, leaving only some floating portions of her woodwork to float upon the surface, and tell the tale of her glory, and to be collected by enterprising boat- men and fishermen as relics for the curious. And as if this was not victory enough for one day, it was announced later in the afternoon, on the authority of official despatches from the officer in command of the Western flotilla, on his way down the Mississippi from Cairo to the Memphis, that the Confederate flotilla had put off for Fort Wright (sometimes called Fort Pillow), and commenced an attack upon him that the battle which ensued had lasted one hour and that the result was the repulse of the Confederates, with the destruction of three iron-clad gunboats. New York, though very greatly excited, was too decorous to display its flags of triumph on Sunday, and remained under bare poles till this morning (May 12). The world of business, however, was no BOoner astir than Broadway hoisted its bunting from almost every housetop, and the citizens proclaimed to one another in street and market- place that M'Clellan would be in Richmond before nightfall. The prediction, however, was not verified. This evening an immense crowd congregated in the space opposite the Fifth Avenue Hotel, to hear the serenade given by the band of the 7th New York Regiment to Mrs. M'Clellan, the wife of the general. The appearance of the lady on the balcony the one Juliet, to ten thousand Rome was the signal for a burst of applause that rang through the whole city, and that thun- dered louder, and louder still when some one waved from a window the star-spangled banner,' a voice from the crowd called out Three cheers for that flag !' Nine tremendous cheers were instantly given, amid an enthusiasm which any one can imagine who remembers how contagious and electrical are the feelings of a multitude, and how easy it is to arouse them to a warlike or any other frenzy by exciting music or impassioned oratory. Not the least significant part of the evening's display was to call for the famous Abolition Tune John Brown's body lies mouldering in the grave, But his soul is marching on. Hallelujah ! The band responded to the call, and elicited now bursts of applause that seemed to drive the people wild with excitement. The performances lasted till after midnight, when the assemblage quietly dispersed." In reference to the utter absence of Union sentiment" in the South, a New York letter says "At New Orleans the ladies not only talk secession in the streets, but wave secession flags from the windows as the soldiers, pass, and no gentleman will exchange a word with a Federal officer, except in reply to a civil question. The Creole population are quite as hostile as those who speak English, and, as the French language is very little cultivated in the North, and not one officer in a thousand adds any knowledge of it to his other accomplishments, the Creoles hurl secession sentiments at their heads in French, and utter language which would speedily consign them to prison, along with the mayor and aldermen, if the Federals could but understand it. In Virginia, in the trail of the retreating army, the correspondents and reporters who accompany the march to Richmond do not 'find the slightest traces of Union' festing,' except among the black population, i'. The negroes, says one letter, ' are, I fancy the only. Union people now in Dixie. With respect to the whites, the feeling that their country is invaded has overboard antecedents. They hate us with the hate of hell, and will yet do bloody work if they have the opportunity.' At Williamsburg,' says the abolitionist on his travels, ' no scrutiny with candles or by daytime can discover a single Unionist, man or woman.' When the people of Williamsburg discovered that the Federal army paid in cash for what they wanted in the stores, ' they found,' he adds, the courage to come out and scowl upon us.' ' Your soldiers are largely foreigners,' said a Virginian in Norfolk to this gentleman, as the 20th New York, a German regiment, passed up the street, but you yourselves will be conquered soon. This is but a reverse to our arms, and we must expect ups and downs in war'.' ' Yes,' replied the Federal, ' but does it not strike you that we have all the ups and you all the downs?' The Confederate turned on his heel, mutter- ing something about Bull's Run, and closed the parley." From New Orleans we learn that the planters not only declare that they would rather convert the whole country into a howling wilderness than leave a bale of cotton, or a pound of sugar or tobacco for the detested "Yankees," but they carry the threat into execution. They continue to make bonfires of the unginned cotton wherever the Federal armies or flotillas advance, rolling their sugar and molasses in immense quantities into the Mississippi. The conduct of the Confederates is distinguished by the same stubbornness and ferocity in all the towns whichhavebeen¡occupied by the Federals. At Norfolk, for example, we are told that the people rent the air with cheers when the Confederate mayor, in his address, spoke of their attachment to their own government, They hurrahed tor Jefferson Davis, and groaned and hissed President Lincoln, in the midst of the Federal troops. They talked boldly of their future, declared that they would take nothing but Confederate money, and that they would have nothing to do with Lincoln's " shin plasters." One account declares " they scowled upon the hated Yankees, and the women almost spat upon the officers and soldiers," The houses through the city were generally closed, especially those of the wealthier classes ; but says one great physiognomist, " there was a subdued quiet among the middling classes, their countenances implying a desire to wait and watch further developments." The Battle of Fair Oaks, briefly referred to in a preceding paragraph, was fought on May 31 and June 1. It is claimed by the Federals as a decided success on their part; but, judging from the evidence afforded by published reports, we are unable to discover that the Confederates were in a worse, or the Federals in a better position after the battle than before it. The Federals recovered, on the second, the ground won from them in the first day's action, and the Confederates fell back upon their original positions to meditate new methods of prevent- ing General M'Clellan from compelling them to quit their capital. Both sides have suffered a loss of men, and the Federals a loss of 19 guns. The capture of those guns fairly entitles the Confederates to the honour of victory in the first day's encounter. The loss of men was estimated in the first reports as being 3000 on the Federal side ; but later reports reduce the number to 300 ; subsequently, the number rose to 7000; and now, by the official reports, we perceive that it was between 5000 and 6000. The Confederate loss was probably about the same. The battles were marked by two striking facts, a telegraph carried up into the air by a a balloon to an altitude of some 2000 feet, is said to have kept M'Clellan informed of his enemy's movements, and the reconstructed railroad from West Point brought up both men, guns, and munition. In order to understand what happened, it will be necessary to attempt, in outline, a sketch of the ground. The Chickahominy is a narrow stream flowing through a tolerably deep valley on the eastern side of Richmond. To the north-west the hill-sides are high, and on the left bank the bottom is swampy. Lower down, the swamps extend on both sides of the stream, and these swamps are intersected by numerous rivulets. On the high and firm ground the country alter- nate forests with corn-fields, now covered with crops. Many roads cross the river and make for Richmond. The common road from Williamsburg crosses at Bottom's Bridge; above it, the railroad, and on both sides of these roads there are swampy lowlands. Higher up, the road from Hanover runs over New Bridge, and above that the stream is crossed by other bridges leading to Hanover Court-house. General M'Clellan's army lay across these roads. During the last week in May he had thrown a large force, the leading divisions of the left of his army, across the Chickahominy at Bottomley Bridge, the railroad bridge and New Bridge. They were posted between the White Oak swamp on the right bank below Bottom's Bridge, and the road leading from New Bridge into Richmond. The foremost brigades were in advance of the Fair Oaks station of the Richmond and West Point Railway. The remainder of the army was on the left bank of the Chickahominy, partly behind the bridges, and partly above them, towards the railways leading to Fredericksburg and Gor- donville. It will thus be seen that General M'Clellan had out his army in two by the river, and that he threw forward hislcftwhileheheld back his right. The Confederate generals were not ignorant of these facts. They may also have known that General M'Clellan contemplated an offensive movement, and that the Federal gunboats had endeavored to ascend the Appo mate of towards Petersburg, and they may have conjectured that General Porter, who had occupied Hanover Court-house, was still detained in that quarter. In this they were mistaken. That general had returned from his expedition northward, and rejoined the right of the army on the 29th of May. Another incident occurred calculated to quicken the Confederate movements. A heavy storm swelled the waters of the Chickahominy, and of course imperilled the pontoon bridges erected by the Federals to facilitate the communication and might be fairly thought to leave the Federals at Fair Oaks and Seven Pines in a very ex closed and dangerous position. It was there are resolved to assault that wing of the Federal army. The Confederate plan appears to have been to attack and defeat the division of General Casey, interpose between him and the divisions of Hooker and Keyes, cut off the latter from Bottom's Bridge, and, crossing the river, break into the midst of the main Federal position, and deprive the enemy of two of his main lines of communication with the Pamunkey. As at Pittsburg, the Confederate onset was completely successful. Their troops, breaking out of the woods, surprised and routed Casey, capturing his camp and his guns. He was driven back towards the river in utter disorder, and the prospect of the Confederates was most cheering. The road to the river lay before them and their project seemed to be in a fair way of execution. But either their advance was not pushed with sufficient vigor or the position of the Federals was too strong. During the whole of the afternoon of May 31 the Confederates were fighting for the road to the river. The question was, could they reach it before the re- inforcements P They failed at the critical point The Federal divisions on the extreme left came up in time to restore the fight on that side, and stop the progress of the Confederates along the road leading to Bottom's Bridge, while above that Bridge, General Sumner thrust two divisions across the only pontoon bridge which (he floods had left standing, and appeared on the left of the attacking Confederate columns. This decided the action for the day ; night fell, and the Confederate troops had failed in their design to drive their enemies over the river.. The next morning it was not possible that they should succeed. The newly arrived Federals were of better temper and training than those routed the day before, and the action which ensued was over before noon on Sunday the 1st of June. The Federals reoccupied their original positions; that is, from left to right, they held Seven Pines, Fair Oaks, New Bridge on the right, and the high ground on the left of the Chickahominy, as far as the Virginia Central Railroad. The main lines of communication with the Pamunkey were as secure as ever and the immediate effect of the two day's fighting will probably have made General M' Olellairs brigadiers more cautious, and General M'Clellan himself more solicitous to keep his army closer together. The ulterior effects it is not at present possible to foresee. It is worthy of remark in this battle of Richmond and in other recent engagements that a practice is life with the Federal generals which has seldom been heard of before, except among the leaders of Asiatic soldiers. It is constantly stated that cavalry are placed behind the Federal soldiers to drive them on upon the enemy. In the recent case it is related that fugitives were shot by troops sent after them by their own generals. We observe that President Lincoln himself has hardly been more successful than General Butler in his efforts to control the uncontrollable tongues of the fair portion of the rebel community ; but he has avoided the general's blunder, and punished the ladies without cal I ling them had names. A Mrs. Greenhow and some others, long held in a kind of half durance and surveillance at Washington, were politely expelled the city a short time ago, and conducted under proper escort to Baltimore, where they were set at liberty, with a caution to be discreet. But, having much zeal and no discretion, they made their exile, then triumph. Having a whole host of sympathisers amid the belles of Maryland, they took care to let their arrival be promulgated by the busy voice of fashion. The result was, that they held a great reception all day, and were visited by everybody who thought himself or herself worthy of being thought anybody and that in the evening they were serenaded by a band that did not play " Yankee Doodle," " Has, Columbia," "The Star-spangled Banner," or any other tune that is supposed to express or to represent the martial amount or national patriotism of the North. For the last few weeks it has been rumoured that a black brigade, destined for service in Virginia, was in process of secret organization in New York, though nobody knew the place of rendezvous, or the white men who were at the head of the movement. It turns out that the rumour was correct; that the black brigade, or regiment, numbers already about 800 men and is to be commanded by a white colonel and whitecaptams.Butamongthemanypeculiaritios of this was" not the least remarkable, is the erroneous estimate which the North has formed of the Southern negroes individually and in the aggregate. It seems to have scarcely en rfred into the calculations of any one that, if black armies are raised to support the Federal cause, they may be opposed by black armies in support of the Confederates, and that black may fight as desperately against black, as white is fighting against white in this unnatural contest. The Southern people allege that they are certain of the attachment and honesty of their slaves and the Northern generals are for the most part so distrustful of the fidelity of the negroes that bring, or pretend to bring information to their camps, of the movements of the enemy that they discourage their visits, dis- believe their statements, or treat them either as spies or prisoners. A proposition which was first made in a Richmond journal for the immediate levy of a negro army of 10,000 or 20,000 men, to oppose either the " Yankee niggers" that may be brought into the field or the Yankees themselves, has met with the general approval of the South. It must certainly be admitted that the whole experience of the war supports the view that, as a rule, the Southern negro is warmly attached to his master, and that he would not only obey his orders with the utmost faithfulness and docility, but fight for him to the last extremity. A naval engagement took place on June 8, on the Mississippi, near Memphis, resulting in the destruction of the Confederate fleet. All the Confederate vessels were destroyed but one. Memphis surrendered immediately afterwards, and is now in possession of the Federals. The Confederates had evacuated Fort Wright before the engagement commenced. The Tax Bill has at length passed the Senate very considerably modified. An income or property tax of 3 per cent, on all incomes above 500 tons, and under 10,000 dois, per annum ; of 5 per cent, on incomes between 10,000 dots, and 50,000 dols. and of 75 per cent, upon incomes above 50,000 dogs, has been imposed. The duty on whiskies, and other strong drinks has been increased. A heavy tax has been placed on the poor man's beer. The proposed capitation tax on negro slaves has been struck out as unconstitutional : the ridiculous proposal to tax crinolines and hoops, gold and silver watches, umbrellas and walking sticks, has been rejected, and a tax of half a cent, or one farthing per lb. has been laid upon raw cotton, in order to make England contribute handsomely towards the expenses of the war. The modifications of the original scheme amount to nearly 300 all of which will have to be reconsidered by the House of Representatives. When this has been done a conference between the two Houses will become necessary so that the Tax Bill still " looms in the future," and no one can predict what shape it will ultimately assume. Mr. Chase is about to apply to Congress for permission to issue 150 millions of demand treasury notes (£30,000,000 sterling). It is proposed that 25 millions shall consist of small notes under five dollars. Mr. Chase has recently authorized the publication of a statement of the particulars of the national debt up to the 29th May last, From this document it appears that the whole liabilities of the State only amounted to 491,448,984 dollars, or a little more than £98,000,000 sterling. This sum includes the loans sanctioned by Congress since 1842, the Treasury Notes, the Certificates of indebtedness, the United States' Notes, and the bonds of various kinds sanctioned by the same authority; but does not include the war bounties of 100 dollars each for 700,000 men to be paid at the conclusion of the war, or the liabilities outstanding against the government, and daily accruing for iron-clad and other vessels, and military and naval expense of various kinds, amounting at the very lowest estimate to 150,000,000 dollars, or £30,000,000 sterling ; or any portion of the sums to be paid for the manumission of slaves in the district of Columbia, or in any of the Slave States that have been invited to take the initiative in emancipation at the expense of the Federal government, and scores or other items. A victory gained by the Confederates over the Federal general, Banks, caused a regular panic some weeks ago at Washington. It will be recollected that when M'Clellan transported his army from the Potomac to Yorktown, Banks and McDowell were left to menace the Confederates from the north of Virginia. It was lately reported that M'Dowell had been able to establish himself at Fredericksburg, which is about 60 miles from Richmond. At the same time General Banks was manoeuvring, we are Wd, in the valley of the Shenandoah. The position of these two generals has always been rather dangerous: as it was obviously by no means impossible that the; Confederates should attack them in detail. ' 'Nor with this risk hanging over them, was it very probable that they, would be able actively to co-operate, with M'Clellan. M'Dowell escaped attack, but the Confederates under General Jackson fell upon Banks and drove him actually across the Potomac, with great loss. The consternation at the Federal capital almost equalled what was witnessed on the occasion of the affair at Bull's Run. The President seized the railways, recruiting was commenced, and in a few days Banks was reinforced. Jackson returned to the valley of the Shenandoah. Fremont has been sent to pursue him. Some fighting has occurred between Jackson's end Fremont's corps, rather to the advantage, it appears, of the former. In the Senate, on the 9th of June, the bill from the House to prohibit slavery in the Territories, was passed by 28 to 10. , FRANCE. The Mexican expedition is at present the exclusive subject of interest in Paris. The well known Marquis de Horsey has just made it the occasion in the Senate to attack England and to charge her with perfidy in withdrawing from the convention, and to point her out as still the bitter enemy of France. It is said that this is the view of the great mass of the people, as the French journals do not copy the articles which have appeared in the English papers on the subject. As we stated elsewhere, a large force is about to be sent out by the French government to Mexico. The French army of occupation in Rome is reduced to a single division. The Moniteur of June 1 announced this step as the result of an imperial decision of the 28th of May. The reduced force is to be commanded by General Count de Montebello. The appointment of this officer is, curiously enough, claimed for special reasons as a triumph both by the Italian and the Ultramontane party. One party affirms that the general himself is very " sympathetic as regards Italy the other stoutly maintains that, whatever his personal feelings may be, he has a wife who is attached to the empress's train as lady of honour-and they rest satisfied with the mention of this fact. The Marquis de Lavalette has returned to Rome. The reduction of the army of occupation by one-half and the return of M. Lavalette are generally regarded as tolerably certain indications that the emperor now meditates a move in the direction of the abolition of the temporal sovereignty of the Pope. The emperor left Paris on June 16 for Fon- tainebleau. For some time back the demi-official journals have been writing strongly in favor of mediation in America. The other day the Patrie went the length of stating positively that negotiations were going on between London and Paris, and that the recommendations made by the two Courts would be identical. It will be perceived that an authoritative contradiction has been given in the British Parliament to that statement. SPAIN. The Spanish government, determined to keep pace in the race of iron ship building, have announced to Congress that they intend to construct seven iron frigates. ITALY. The great ceremonial at Rome to celebrate the canonization of the Japanese martyrs took place on Sunday, June 8. The ceremony occupied six hours, and was attended by 44 cardinals, about 250 bishops, and the diplomatic body generally. Letters of June 8 from Rome give full accounts of the ceremony. The illumination of the church with 15,000 candles seems to have been a failure : " The effect was not brilliant ; so vast are the proportions of the church that it was in comparative darkness, as if stars of the fourth magnitude were glittering faintly. Seen from without the walls had the appearance of being inlaid with bright mosaics, while the smoke of the candles and of the incense gave the interior the appearance of a vast theatre in a thick London fog, The lighting up was a decided mistake, and the less said about it the better," As to the assembly in the church : Nearly 400 entries were here assembled, a sight which the world has not seen for centuries, and perhaps will never see again. After these and a number of other officers, his holi- ness is borne into the church magnificently attired, having two large fans or flags of feathers at his side and holding a wax taper in his left hand, while with his right he blesses the multitude. It is impossible to give you an adequate idea of the feeling which his ap ? pearance awakened among men who had come from all parts of the world to see the representative of St. Peter, the depository of the Holy Spirit, the half men, of God, as they regarded him, about whom they had read and talked, and for whom they had prayed since they were children no higher than the knee. "Le Saint Pure ! Le Saint Pere !" exclaimed the French priests; "II Santo Padre !" cried the Italians; Germans, Spaniards, Greeks, Americans, and English all manifested the same zeal, each in his different tongue. The singers- of the Vatican charged with their unearthly voices " Tues- Petrus," and the voices, not so much softened as rendered more meagre by the distance, glided like ghosts through the building. At times another body of men charged Ave Maris Stella," and it was thus that the Pope was borne through 50,000 worshippers from every country under the sun to the high altar beyond the tomb of the Apostle, where he descended from his seat, and after praying, was again carried forwards to the throne at the upper end of the nave. After much doing of homage and chanting of Veni Creator Spiritus, followed the actual ca- sensation, a few words spoken by the Pope, and then the news was announced by cannon out in the open air, and a Te Deum by the multitude in the church. - The Giornale di Borna bas published an allo- cution delivered by the Pope to the assembled cardinals and bishops on the 9th of June. His holiness, standing on the dogma of infallibility, asserts that the Roman Church is not susceptible of improvement, and that it is divine in all its parts. He denounces all those who presume to interfere with spiritual things ; pro- nounces on anathemaupon modern heresies of all kinds and on the supposed enemies of the Papacy he hurls a storm of invective, in which figure the terms "the wicked," "hare," impious libertines," " dreadful criminals," " Satanic art, See. His. holiness concludes with an appeal to the consistory, the salt of the earth," to enter on an aggressive warfare against the condemned opinions and for the maintenance of the Papacy. The bishops responded to an address in which they assert that the temporal power of the Pope was a necessity, established by the manifest design of divine Providence, and declaring their readiness to go with the Pope to prison and to death in its defence. The Honan Chamber of Deputies, imitated by some assertions contained in the address of the bishops, appointed a committee, with the sanction of Signor Ratazzi, to draw up a counter address. On the 18th June the Depu- ties passed an address to the king, affirming that " the bishops assembled at Rowe have cast grave insult upon our country. They have denied our national right, and have invoked foreign violence. The words, pronounced at the Vatican have declared all negotiations impossible. When ecclesiastics, forgetting their ministry put forth wishes for political reaction; when ruffians carty desolation from the Ponti- free! territory rota the. Southern provinces, "-Europe ought to be convinced that the author writes the Italian king and people ''only can * settle the Roman question.'. " rat It, is rumoured that the result of the conversation of bishops in Rome has been an official intimation to the French Government that the , Pope and his advisers will not listen to any n terms of compromise. Cardinal Moran is said to have been commissioned by the French emperor to broach Borne propositions ; but, upon his proceeding to deliver his message. he was cut j short by a definite refusal to entertain any terms whatever. It appears almost certain that the Russian government is about immediately to recognize the Kingdom of Italy, A Turin paper states that the official despatches have actually arrived in that city announcing the recognition. The mad project formed by a body of Gari baldians to invade the Tyrol was, as we have stated in our last, promptly prevented by the Italian government. A number of persons implicated in the affair were arrested, but we believe they have since been released. During the excitement caused by the exposure of the scheme the government prohibited the further organization of the National Rifle Association. The prohibition has now, it is stated, been removed. Not only that, but three of the Ministry. Ratazzi himself among them, have had their names enrolled in the numbers of the society. The mark of ministerial confidence in the society of which a Garibaldi is vice-president is probably intended to conciliate the general and will no doubt have the effect of winning some popular favour, of which, beyond all question, the Ratazzi Cabinet stands in need, On the 14th of June a grand fete took place at the Quirinal. The ex-King Francis II, surrounded by his ministers and court, received on that day an English-or leather trade deputa- tion, intrusted with the presentation to him of a sword of honour. The deputation was headed by Cardinal Wiseman and Dr. Cullen. The ox king was greeted with cries of " Vive les Bourbons!" A correspondent of the Ternas says The sword is a very handsome one; it is now exhorted, and I have this morning been to see it. sent the guard, is a bas- relief in massive gold representing Gaeta and its fortifications. On one side of the city is the Madonna, on the other St. Januarius. Engraved upon it are these words, ' To Legitimacy and Honour. Upon the handle are rubies and emeralds. The steel, which is English, is superb, and the sheath of the richest description." PRUSSIA. The address of the Prussian Chamber in reply to the king's speech, as prepared by the friends of the government, being moderately Liberal in tone, and an amendment, proposed in a Conservative sense, were both rejected and an address of a more decided complexion of Liberalism was carried by a large majority. It was carried up to the king, who received it with something like positive rudeness He simply assured the members that he would preserve inviolate all the promises he had made. He hoped, therefore, they would rightly estimate his sentiments It remains to be seen how these two estates of the realm will work together. The ElectoralHessebusine3s has been brought to a close. The ministry were displaced, at the request of Austria and Prussia ; a new ministry has been completed and the Elector has at length sanctioned the constitution of 1831 and the electoral law of 1848. RUSSIA. The government of Russia, with an administration to reconstruct a nation of slaves to emancipate, a new conscription loan to estab- lish and a financial crisis to tide over, has this month had to encounter a new and terrible enemy. The peasantry and the educated class are alike impatient of the delays in the way of improvement, and finding petitions useless, they have resorted to fire, The bank, the Ministry of the Interior, the Ministry of Education, the Corps des Pages, several mansions, three great markets, the wood stores, and many hundreds of private dwellings, have all been burnt to the ground under circumstances which leave no doubt of incendiarism. The fires have been predicted on flying sheets hours before they occurred, and though every one knew of the sheets the officials were never informed. This is the old and desperate remedy of an oriental population, and the government says bewildered. Fierce orders are issued to execute at once all incendiaries, but to no pur poso.andtheavowcdobject.to drive the people in- to insurrection, may yet be, to all appearance, attained. So great is the alarm of the middle class that merchants countermand goods shipped for St. Petersburg from the impossibility of scouring safe storage. The Russian government has closed! all the military Sunday schools, on account of their having " inculcated seditious principles " POLAND. The Grand Duke Constantine has been appointed Viceroy of Poland with Marquis Wie Popowski as his stratus, or, as we should say, premier. The appointment is full of hope for the Poles, for the grand duke, besides being a decided Liberal, is a really competent man, and, from the position in the empire, can act with a freedom and vigour no bureaucratic viceroy would venture to display, It is probable, moreover, that he has made certain re- 1 forms, such as liberty of speech, and the reestablishment of the universities, a condition of his appointment. He is excessively ambitious, though, following the tradition of his House, he avoids a separate position in politics. and steadily supports his brother. He is said in Russia to be a determined advocate of the peasantry, and to entertain secretly the dislike for the nobles which the Romanoffs have often displayed, and which has perhaps, more than any other cause, kept them firm to the cause of emancipation. J ' l TURKEY. A conflict of a serious character has broken out in Servia. No detailed account has reached London, but according to the telegrams some Turkish soldiers in Belgrade, on the 15th June murdered a Servian lad. The townspeople 1 attacked them, and on the following day the peasantry began to pour into the town. The Turks either feared attack, or were attacked J and on the 17th the fort commenced the bom ' bardment of the town, which was speedily in flames. Hostilities, were however, suspended in the evening, through the intervention of the consuls Martial law has been proclaimed at Belgrade, and several persons have been shot. A telegram states that some of the country people who were brought in to defend the city against the Turks have only occupied themselves , as plunderers and robbers. The Paris Moniteur of June 22 says that the Ottoman government has recalled the governor of the citadel of Belgrade, has ordered that hostilities should ( be stopped, and has directed that a searching inquiry should be made into the facts under , which the conflict arose. In the course of the past month the Turkish (i Army has commenced operations in earnest against the Montenegrins. The insurgents have fought pretty well on several occasions, but they have always been repulsed in the end. of' There is no chance whatever of their being able to cope with the Turkish army. MEXICO. During the last fortnight Paris has been in a (1 state of great excitement, arising from the general impression that the French army in Mexico has experienced a serious check. This t impression was greatly strengthened by an t article in the Constitutionnel, which, while * denying that any reverse had happened, - yet argued on the probability of such an, occurrence. It was also known that the Louisiana packet had arrived with news from Vera Cruz to the 15th May, which, if favourable, it was argued, the government. instead of withholding, would have hastened to make public. At length on the evening of the 14th June the Paris published a despatch from Vera Cruz, dated May 15. stating that the French had had a long and glorious combat before Pueblo, in which the Mexicans were completely beaten and that the French were to enter the city on the next day, On the following morning the Moniteur published its version of the news. It says nothing about the splendid victory, It announces the arrival of the French three miles from Puebla, and ex presses a hope that the inhabitants would declare for the French, and second the attack of General Lorencez upon the fortress of Guadaloupe, which covers the town. It avoids committing itself to any account of the attack on the above fort, but limits itself to Mexican accounts, which state that a vigorous attack was made on Guadaloupe on the 5th of May, but without effect. Both the Pacific and the Moniteur agree that the French communications with Vera Cruz are intercepted. These statements of the official journals have not re- assured the public mind and it may be in- ferred with certainty that the French troops have suffered a repulse. At first it was said that reinforcements amounting to 5000 men would be sent; but it is now known that a much larger force is being got ready. The French Minister of War is asked for a credit of 1,000,000., and the Minister of Marine for 7,000 000f. The number of men' to be sent off at once is 8000 or 10,000, and we can have little doubt that a greater number will be despatched should the resistance of the Mexicans threaten to be lasting. The ministers were lately summoned to Fontainebleau, in order that the emperor may communicate to them his plan for continuing the campaign. A portion of the army of Algeria is to be at once embarked for Vera Cruz. A number of vessels both ships of war and merchantmen, will be sent out full of troops, and the different ports are actively engaged in making preparations for the new expedition The expedition is to be under the command of General Frey, who will supersede General Lorencez. DENMARK. A thousand students from Sweden and Nor- way have visited Copenhagen and have been received with applause. " This, says the Spectator, "is a significant fact. The idea of a Scandinavian empire, impossible while Russia was active, has, in her quiescence of late, been strongly revived. It is the pet idea of King Oscar and has found favour even in Denmark. Copenhagen, jealous for her position, has long been the principal obstacle, and now Copenhagen applauds. The King of Denmark is childless; France it is said consents ; Prussia would be content with Holstein and England has no opposition to make." 