W$t WltM% €\xmuh ADELAIDE : SATURDAY, MAY 31. 1862. PAELIA-MENTA-EY SUMMARY. Fehjat, Mat. 30. El the House of Assembly — Several petitions were received. The Speaker read his ruling on the question of Privilege, and which was ordered to be printed. In reply to Mr. TowjrsKfTD, the Theasubee read a telegram received from the Australian Steam Naviga tion Company respecting the Postal Service. Mr. Glide introduced a question of Privilege re ferring to a personal insult received from Mr. Beynolds. The Teeasitbee'6 motion referring to the Branch PoBtal Service was considered in Committee and amended. Mr. Co&inr;'s motion for a Jetty at Bapid Bay Vfas negatived on a division. Mr. CoGLtN's motion for niafripg the Road at the bead of the G-ulf leading to Port Lincoln, was ^irried. The second reading of the Joint Stock Companies9 Registration Bill was postponed. Tne House adjourned till Tuesday next. Shouxd the Bekicia. Boy and Tom Sayera ever think fit to pay a professional visit to South Australia we have no doubt they will be warmly received in political circles. In the halls of legislation they will find some very promising pupils ; and even should those illustrious pro fessors of ' muscular Christianity' be excelled in. their own vocation they would have the grati fication of knowing that though they lost the belt, it would at least have fallen into worthy custody! Nbn possumus omnes ; all cannot be champions ; suffice it that the championship is properly contested, In making these remarks we have no fear ?whatever of censorious ' Harrisons.' Have we not the O'Donoghue precedent ; and did not PoDtefract, the city of the broken bridge, return to the House of Commons the pugilist Gully, who fought his way to legislative distinction over the broken bridges of many noses P And did we not recently ekow that the House of Lords in England, and both Chambers of Legislation in France have, on undoubted testimony, distin guished themselves in the manly science of self defence? We simply follow precedent, and the muscular Christians of Europe and America will only feel themselves bound to Australia by a new and stronger link when they see how perfectly reconeileable are fistieuffi and legis lation. * For the last few days the feud that has so long smouldered in the breasts of the Lords of Jlosehursfc and Wattleville has given indications *-f a grand eruption, and the spectacle duly burst forth upon the astonished public on Friday. ^Che hon, member for Yatala, Mr. Grlyde (whose medical attendant was prudently stationed under the Speaker's Gfallery), opened fire, and charged the hon. member for the City, Mr. Reynolds, with having a few days before applied to hini IMi. Glyde) an epithet which might have led to plows, but for the circumstance that the police were close by. It appears that Mr. Beynolds called Mr. Glyde a '? sweep,' and that the latter after having vainly endeavored to induce the former to withdraw the offensive expression, brought the question as a matter of Privilege before the House. Mr. Seynolds replied in terms of stinging severity — the words ' sneak,' 'coward,' 'assassin,' and other such expres sions being freely used. Mr. Glyde stated that the first impulse a man would feel on being called 'a sweep' would be to answer by a blow; and Mr. Reynolds, adverting to the provocation he had previously received, spoke of ' exacting satisfaction on the spot.' In short the two hon. members exhibited such rare pugi listic qualities that, take them for all in all, we ne'er shall look upon their like again — that is, unless those pets of the Fancy mentioned at the commencement of these remarks should conde scend to honor our poor metropolis. The Speaker, in the character of 'judicious bottle holder,' did his utmost to reduce the affair to a private mill — but such an arrangement would not suit the greatness ef the occasion. There fore the combatants met ; with eyes glaring, and manes erect; like lions ready for the deadly struggle. The floor of the Assembly became a gladiatorial arena, and could words have broken bones, the medical gentleman under the gallery would have needed all his skill, and an unlimited supply of bandages and adhesive plaster ! But perhaps some of our readers may wish to know the philosophy of this new development of constitutionalism. To give the explanation required we must go back to the debate of Wednesday, May 21, when the Audit of Accounts Bill was in Committee. In his remarks upon clause 8 of that Bill, Mr. Glyde was reported in this paper as follows : — ' He was not prepared to allow any five men who might scramble into office at the end of a session to have unlimited control over the public purse during the recess. The clause gave unlimited powers to each individual Minister, and when they remembered that towards the close of last session one mem ber of the Ministry dabbled with the public funds unknown to his more honest colleagues — (oh) — he repeated, unknown to his more honest colleagues, they ought to be especially careful how they gave such a power as this to individual Ministers.' These sentences contain the ex pressions objected to by Mr. Keynolds, who considered them intended for himself. After the report was printed, Mr. Glyde called at this office and corrected his speech, the alterations being the insertion of the words ' played tricks with the public money,' instead of ' dabbled with the public funds,' and the substitution of the words 'some members of the Ministry' for 'one member of the Ministry.' Mr. Glyde, therefore, states in black and white that during the last session ' some members of the Ministry played tricks with the public money unknown to their more honest colleagues,' which words Mr. Reynolds considered intended for himself, and resented as we have already described. Owing to a technical objection on a point of form Mr. Glyde was precluded from replying to Mr. Reynolds, as he intended to do, and had therefore no opportunity of vindicating the particular remarks which gave rise to this mis understanding. It is, however, very well known, that Mr. Glyde, in referring to ' playing tricks with the public money,' alluded to the Minis terial salaries question which excited so much comment last year. As will be seen from our report to- day, Mr. Reynolds complains that the attack was made upon him in his absence ; but we do not think that Mr. Keynolds's absence had any influence upon Mr. Glyde in the obser vations which he thought fit to address to the House. It is to be regretted that when Mr. Glyde spoke of '? playing tricks with the public money,' he did not specifically mention what tricks he referred to, inasmuch, as in the absence of such specific reference, it might be supposed that he was alluding to some other malversation of office. It is not, however, our present object to comment upon the remarks of Mr. Glyde ; they were doubtless very provoking, and such as Mr. Reynolds could not be expected to sit down quietly under. But there should be a limit even to retaliation. When hon. members call each other sweeps and sneaks, cowards and assassins ; when they talk of blows, and confess themselves restrained only by the presence of the police, it is a question of some public interest. Freedom of debate is a good thing, and so (it may be said) is a fair stand up fight. But the Rules and Regulations of the House of Assembly make no provision for this mode of settling difficulties, and it is therefore to be hoped that either the Standing Orders will be enlarged so as to include boxing amongst the other privileges of Parlia ment, or that the bellicose tendencies of modern senators may be restrained within Constitutional limits. __^____________ Legislation appears to have reached a dead stop, and perhaps the best thing that could next happen would be for the Governor to prorogue Parliament, and thus afford Ministers an oppor tunity of considering what course should be adopted in the present emergency. Or, still better, His Excellency might with great advan tage to the general interests of the community dissolve the present House of Assembly, and thus not only cut the Gordian knot in which legislation is entangled, but at the same time afford the inhabitants of the province an oppor tunity of expressing an opinion on those great questions which now agitate the public mind. Whatever may be the course pursued by His Excellency, one thing is quite certain, namely, that the proceedings of Parliament are at pre sent simply ridiculous. It is the farce of legis. lation, and nothing more. Day after day im portant public Bills are tlirown out upon ques tions of form, and the House of Assembly is as helplessly fettered and manacled as ever was Gulliver in the land of the Lilliputs. The only power left to the Assembly is the power of talk; or, if indeed there be action, it is like that of Mr. Pecksniff's horse — action without progress. The maximum of dignity is the minimum of work in exact proportion as the privileges of Parlia ment are magnified the business of the country is retarded; in fact, the Assembly is likely to die of dignity ; to give up the ghost in conse quence of the exhaustion brought about by its fearful efforts to become immortal. It is no doubt a delicious mode of exit ; a death of ' aromatic pain,' and the apotheosis must be glorious. It may be questioned, however, whether the Legislature should be any further encouraged in performing the rites of suttee ; at all events, the penchant for self- immolation should be restrained until the necessary business of the country is transacted, after which hon. members might offer themselves up as burnt offerings to Privilege without let or hindrance. We need scarcely inform our readers of the history of this very curious entanglement. The simple fact is, that a new practice of Parliament has been suddenly and unexpectedly intro duced, and under this new practice of Par liament a great number of the Bills now before the Legislature are held to be in formal. Bills that were formerly sent down by the Governor, and which (in accordance with the practice of former sessions^ have also been this session introduced in a similar manner, are all at | once discovered to be of a nature that could only be introduced by order of the House, and it is therefore held that they must be abandoned, because they were informally introduced. Had the new practice been decided upon before any progress had been made with the Bill in ques tion' but little inconvenience would have ensued. Hon. members, however, either did not discover the informality until after the measures in ques tion had been considerably advanced, or — having discovered it — abstained from raisin the objection. The result is, that after going through the most important stages of legisla tion, one Bill after another is pronounced in formal, and consequently the whole of the work of the session in respect to those Bills is wasted. Nothing remains but words, words, words ! It has been objected that the Government should have thus introduced so many important measures in an informal manner, but the truth is the Government have done as all other Governments have done. Ministers have simply followed precedent, and have acted in accordance with the usage of their predecessors. But we are now told that there are other precedents, and other usages, and that our precedents are bad, and our usages unparliamentary. The Govern ment are thus made victims to a new discovery, and all we regret is that this discovery was not made a little sooner. 