CANONIZATION OF THE JAPANESE -, MARTYRS. SECOND LETTER FROM SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT *:. OF '* WEEKLY REGISTER,' AT ROME. T Rome, Sunday, June 1, 1862. \ ;Eyery day, almost every hour, brings us some new object of interest. Day by day we hear of a multitude oLnew arrivals, and every one brings us news of some point of interest which we had hot heard of before. Thus, one day last week two steam-ships, crowded with ecclesiastical pas sengers, kept so close together on the halcyon seas with which we have been favoured, that when they said respers together the two ships divided it between Ibem, one ship taking the first ?verse, 'and the other the second, in choir. I sup pose we may safely say nothing of this sort has liver happened before since the day that the blue waters of the Mediterranean first lay in their beauty reflecting back the smile of their almighty Creator. Before the introduction of steam, ships did not keep together ; and since it has been in troduced, so large a proportion of travellers has generally been made up of aliens from the Church, that a Catholic priest has been often glad to say his office in private without remark. It is something new for all the passengers of an over crowded steam- packet to find themselves a band of Catholics and of brothers, and all bent to the shrine of the Apostles. In this respect, at least, I am heartily glad that the Canonisation has been fixed so late in the year; although in other respects we shall lose by it, as very many at least of the Bishops are going to hurry away as soon as the solemnity has taken place. It is not so much that it is inconvenient to be at Rome at this season, as that their episcopal duties make it almost impossible to be away from their diocese in the early summr; that being at least in our ? northern climate, so much the best season for visitation etc. * * : Monday, June 2 — To say nothing -fcfr Bishops,, the great number of Priests who have been at tracted by the gathering of the Bishops takes one by surprise. Some few days ago, as I am in formed- by an English Bishop, no less than 2,000 permissions to say Mass had been given to French Priests alone. The number must have increased greatly since that, and it is hourly increasing. The Bishop of Nimes, are instance, brought with him fifty-four Priests from his own diocese. The Bishop of Marseilles, thirty from his. Bishop Gillis, whose strength did not enable him to ven ture in our crowded ship (with the certainty of df passing two nights on the deck and the risk of exposure to weather), arrived on Saturday from Marseilles, where we left him. He went ' round by Genoa, where he spent Ascension Day. He had been warned that he would find the place irreligious. But he was, on the contrary, struck ?with the apparent devotion of the churches. Another packet has just brought only one Bishop (an Hungarian), but seventy priests. The French evidently preponderate, and their national charisteristics are seen and heard everywhere. All nations, bowev-jr, are well represented. The newspapers told us, before it was my hap piness to have arrived in the sacred city, of three Consistories held for the Canonisation of the new Saints. The first of the three was held in the Sala Regies, the great painted hall, so well known to travellers, from which open the doors which enter th° Sixtine and Pauline Chapels. The throne of the Sovereign Pontiff on this occa sion was erected in front of the door of the Pau line Chapel. He was borne into the hall in state in the sedes gestatoria (or throne borne by bearers), as he enters S. Peter's on great feasts, and was surrounded by the members of bis Court, the Prelates, &c; , of the Curia. The Cardinals were seated as they are in a Papal Chapel, and the Bishops who had then already arrived were around the hall. ' The Postulators of the three orders to which the Saints about to be canonised belonged, then came forward in succession, and standing before the throne of the Holy Father, each of them in turn addressed to him in a Latin speech, in which he prayed in the nanse of the order for the canonisation of the Saints who belonged to that order. These orders were the Franciscans, the Jesuits, and the Trinitarians or Order for the Redemption of Captives, to which last order be longed the Blessed Michael de Sanctis, the only one of the new Saints, who was not a martyr. The Holy Father having graciously received their petition, this public consistory closed. It was attended not ' only by the Cardinals and Bishops, but by a limited audience including laymen ambassadors and others, as. well as ladies, for whom a temporuy gallery had been erected Bt the further end of the Hall. The other two eonsistoms took place on Thursday the 22nd, and Saturday. the 24th ult. They were both held in the Sala Consistoria, and were what is called semi-public; that is they were attended by the Bishops as well as by the Cardinals. The Bishops had all been supplied beforehand with a printed statement of the evidence taken in the respective possesses of the Beatie before the Roman Congregations, so that they -had been en abled to form their oppinion of the merits of dif ferent cases, and this opinion they were now called upon to deliver, one by one in succession, in a short Latin speech, which, when delivered, was handed in to be preserved among the other documents of the canonisation. In th4 second consistory (that of the 22nd), the opinion of the Bishops upon the process of the twenty- six martyrs, of Japan was thus delivered) in the third, held on the 24th, it was given in like manner in the case of the Blessed Michael de Sanctis. The English Bishops have leen espe cially praised for the brevity and admirable terms in which their opinions were couched. At the end of the second consistory the H^ly Father made a short address to the assembled Bishops. He told them (as I have been assured by those who had the privilege of hearing him) low grately his heart had been consoled by seeing the zeal and alacrity with which they had; assembled together from all the four corners of the earth on the first moment of receiving the sligbest expres sion of his wish, the unity of spirit by which they were all animated and by which they were held in a supernatural bond in union alike between themselves and with the See of Saint Peter. He then alluded to, the melancholy fact that there was one of their number who was not thus united with them; and— without mentioning; his name (which was quite needless, as all present well knew to whom the Holy Father referred ; i. e., the Bishop of Ariano, in the Neapolitan States, Mgr. Caputo, of whose words and deeds the news papers have informed all the werld) — he made it his special request of all present that ea-£y Bishop would say one Mass for him, for the clergy misled by his influence and example, and for all enemies and persecutors of the Holy Church. Lastly, he spoke of his own prospects. Of what was before him, he said, he knew nothing. It was still quite possible that, even before the completion of the great solemnity which had brought them together, letters might any day be received which would have the effect of depriving him of bis liberty. But, come what might, he would remain un changed, and they must ever continue in the same dispositions by which they were now animated, The description which I have received of the manner of our Holy Father while thus address ing the assembled Bishops of Catholic Church, is one which I am well able to realise to myself, from what I have seen upon occasions less moving and important. Pius IX. is a man in whom the strongest natural feeling and affections are ever contending with the necessities of a nation which demands from him unhesitating firmness. On this occasion be was more than once so much overcome as to be unable to proceed ; his voice seemed to fail him, he leant back in his throne and hesitated for a moment, till he was relieved by tears. It is this visible expression of fatherly affection which makes a part of that strange charm by which our Hoty Fatber carries away all who have the happiness to approach near to his person. He is reviled and upbraided by many who look at him from a distance. It is a part of the portion of His Lord, which he certainly would be the last to decline for himself, and which, however we may regret it for those who incur the guilt, bis faithful children cannot regret for the sake of their father. 'If they have called the Master of the House Beelzebub, how much more these of his household ?' But while this is going on in the world around us, let it not grudge that the resemblance is carried out on our side as well as upon its own. Let not those who revile the Ticar of Christ as their prede cessors reviled His Divine Maste-, be surprised or indignant at us if we feel that in pressing around the person of him who is the immediate representative on earth of the Son of God, we are brought into a more immediate nearness to our Divine Lord himself, than we can ever hope to be anywhere else on earth, except only in the adorable Sacrament of His love. Nor can we for a moment doubt that He, who has called his servant to exercise by delegation His own ; uf.ority as Head of the whole Church upon earth, has also specially enriched him by a Divine and supernatural gift with all those Fatherly graces and gifts, which most qualify him to discharge the office. It is in keeping with the general course of his Divine Providence in the government of the whole world. No natural relation so much reflects that of the Creator towards bis creatures, as the lelation of parents towards their children, of whose original existence theyare, in the course of Providence, the im mediate cause, and whose continued life depends on their continual care. And accordingly, it is in the hearts of parents that in the course of nature the Creator has implanted, in its freshest and most glowing heat, a spark of that wondrous love with which He Himself burns towards the creatures of His hand. AJas! now true it is, that towards Him, as towards earthly parents, His imperfect images, the love even of the best and holiest of creatures is poor and faint compared with that of which they are the objects. It was in bontemplating this that one of the most imaginative of English writers complains that 'love pours down in cataracts and mounts up in dews.' Our readers will excuse my having indulged perhaps too much at length the thoughts which a residence in Rome never fails to inspire in a Catholic. The chance of meeting the Holy Eatber, however casually, the certainty of seeing him in public on certain fixed occasions, and the prospect of being presented to him, of touching the b»nd which wields the delegated authority of Christ upon earth, and*the feet which are the nearest image of those that passed upon the 'rock of Mount^ Olive immediately before He was taken up into Heaven, of 'receiving a fatherly smile from that face which, however feebly, yet to us most nearly reflects the countenance seen by, the beloved Apostle : « His head and His hair were wbite as snow, as white as wool,' and a few words of loving encouragement from those lips which speak on earth in the name and by the power of Him who speaketk from Heaven— these things are to a Catholic heart the great charm of Uome0 It is to us the ' City of the Pope,' ? not, as Protestant travellers have loved to call it, the eity of the Caesars— to which we come in loving pilgrimage from the four corners of the earth. I need hardly add bow much strength the Church gains from the imensely increased iaciKties of visiting the centre of the Christian world, which modern discoveries have put it in our power. I can hardly immagine that a Catholic who has been brought into ever so little personal nearness to the Holy Father, can ever again be exactly what he was before, or what he would have been without it. As it was in the case of one even Greater than h-, nearness to him may make a man more rancorous against him. But this is exceptional ; and a faithful Catholic can hardly be otherwise than more fervent all his life for a visit to Rome. * * Immediately on my arrival, took place the so lemnity of the Ascension of Our Lord, with a High Mass, coram Pontifiue, in St Jobn Lateran's which I mentioned in my last; and as lere I had the happiness of seeing the Holy Father for the first time for two years, I may say that his appearance most agreeably disappointed me, We bad heard so much of his illness, that I prepared myself to see him much changed, since I had the happiness of kissing his ring two years ago, I could not. see, however, that he looked even a day older. The well-remembered white hair under the equally white cap, and the features below, were exactly as they were. I stood close to him and watched the expressive changes of his countenance, as he knelt before the shrine which contains the heads of St. Peter and St Paul, as he was leaving the church, Ha has, indeed, on on his hands, at this moment, enough to over power the Strength of a much younger man. He has to receive every day ; and although numbers go together, this is hard work. By rule, no Bishop can take part in the consistory until he has been presented. This, however, has been dispensed on the present occasion, as was another rule requiring each Bishop to have an audience for permission to depart. The Bishops also, as well as ordinary persons, go to their audiences in large groups. Even thus he is much over done. He was born in May, 13, 1792, so that bis age was 70 last month. The fatigue of the great function on Sunday must be tiemendoua. We are assured it will last seven hours ; although we hear so many reports, that it is difn.ult°to judge what we may believe. To return to As cension day, one thing specially remarked, besides the satisfactory behaviour of the people, was the ?number of French clergy. Sever.il i.unjred of them met the holy F ther with bouquets &c;, on his way to the church. He always seems much moved by these signs of affection Tbe evening J following the Ascension there was a meeting oi £he Academia of the Catholic religion. -. It was beld in the great HjII of the Co!l,-g« of the Sa pienza, a most magnificent room, which on .this occasion was crowded. I counted fiiteen Gardi p.als. Toe street of the Sedieri was- thronged; jwith those plump black horses an-i red } carriages jvhich are so we|l kn-;wn to visitors, here.' A' paper was read by Mgr. Manning £ y.n; ,thV ? ????i rflations. of England towards Christianity' and the Catholic Churcb. What especially interested a Roman audience was his account of the traces of Catholic practices and traditions still lingering among the people of England. On Sundaf evening the Holy Father went to the Church -$ Santa Croce in Jerusalem, to bless the Agnus Deis. The ceremony wa« private, but the evening was delicious, and a great crowd of all ranks were awaiting him as he came out, b? whom he was received with enthusiastic cries, as usual 'viva Pio Nono, Papa e Re.' On this day a great number of Bishops, including, I believe, all the Irish prelates in Rome, were es teemed at dinner by the Irish College, in whos* chapel, I need not mention to our readers rebosW the heart of the Great O'Connell, bequeathed by him to Rome, under a monument erected b? Charles Bianconi. The Irish Bishops now is Rome are the Archbishop of Dublin and the! Bishop of Ardagb, Clogber, Cloyne, Derry,' Elphin, Ferns, Chi way, Kerry, the Coadjutor &»; the venerable Bishop of Limerick, Raphoe, Ross,' and Bishop, Whelan. A considerable number of; Clergy and several laymen met the Irish B;shopr and others at the. Irish College on this occasion*' The. American College has also been exercising great hospitality. I had the pleasure of meeting at dinner there on Monday, besides a considerable number of Priests and laymen, no less than 1%. Bishops, all of whom were from North America, ; though not one from the Southern States. Is f.ict, the war has prevented the attendance of an? Bishop from tbese States, and thus greatly les sened the number that would bave attended front America. There are in Rome, however, the Archbishop* of N-w York and Cincinnati, and *? good many Bishops, including those of Philadel--' phia, Chicago, Dubnqu--, Newark, Buffalo, Port land, and several others. [I have unfortunatelf mislaid my memorandum, but shall hope ne&t; week to send you a complete list of all the Bishops present,] From British North America also, there are the Archbishops of Halifax,, Nova ? Scotia, tbe Administrator of the Archdiocese of Quebec, the Bishops of Charlottestown, Prince Edward's Island, Ha lltcn, Kingston Montreal, and Toronto. Of our English Prelates, you are no doubt aware that we bave the Cardinal Arch bishop, and tbe Bishops of Beverley, Birmingham Clifton, Newport and Menevia, Nothamptoa, Plymouth, Sa'ford, and South wark. Among a multitude of others I may mention Meletius, the, Greek Metropolitan of Drama, who was restored' to catholic unity last December ; the chief Prelate of the Bulgarians, and several other Greek and American prelates, whose very titles puzzle manj\ of us Westerns . To give the bishops and others an opportunity of meeting conveniently, sever*! houses in Rome have been kindly opened for general receptions, thus Cardinal Altieri has opened tbe apartments in the princely palace looking upon the Cburch of G6su, every Sunday and Wednesday, from 10 to 2; and Mgr. Nardi receives in the same manner on Wednesday, and Saturday evenings. These parties are, I suppose, without any example in the number of men eminent in the Church whom they get together from every part of the world. On Sunday last, the youths of the S.*pienti& performed several pieces of music, the words uf which were expressive of their devotion to Pius IX They hava be;n printed, with the following .dedicatbu, in Italian :—' To the Catholic Epis- ? cip.ite— Tbe impregnable defence of the See of Peter, and of rights sacred and civil, private and public, these Hymns are presented by the Choir of two hundred and fifty of the youth of Rome* devoted to the cause of the glorious Pontiff Pius the IX ' After the performance, they were ad dressed in few words by the Cardinal Archbishop of Westminster, who told them that he trusted itbey would be found ready, should necessity arise, ito defend to Holy Father with their lives no less Ithan with their voices. Tbese few words were received with loud acclamations and many tears. 1 mentioned this tbe rather, because the youtfc of the College of the Si^itntia has been re*vre-' sented in England as 51.- -ff.-cted towards thi ;Ho!y Father. On Wednesday there was an other jinusical treat, and an address by the Cardinal (Primate of Hungary, in Latin On Sunday, s-me of those most looked for by strangers at (these ' gatherings, were absent The Bishop of' P. leans had gone up to Marino, a small cathedrdi Jrnvn upon the slope of the Alban Mountain, /' Jwnere the Pontifical Ztfuives have for some time ' jquartred. Toese fine fellows, about 700 'io. V umber, are almost all Fr'trici: ' I1 bey had;-be«'k k-.epiil' tbe M,ritu of Mary with much solemnity,, |.nd Sunday jbeinj; June 1, th^-y Lad asked thti Bishop to cljis^' the lestival by a sermon. A ^oo-! riuny.f/ersohs of distinction Irom Rune, including jmiie Bishops, wcrs present; ''? There had bee! those there who had expected some expres sion of political feeling. They were, however, disappointed. The Bishop preached a very ex erilMit practical sermon ion Devotion to Our lilted Lady, and recommended to the young soldiers certain specific devotions for their daily practice. On Tuesday, -.a great number of Strangers were admitted to1 an audience with the Holy Father. The names given in were some thing above 'TOO ; but there. must have been more present, as some, cert inly: (I suspected, a good many), joined whose naves bad not. been put down. We were assembled in that long narrow gallery, high up in the Vatican, called (from the Siapi painted on the walls) the Geographical Hall. On entering, we found ourselves in a crowd of French Priests. These, it was explained, were ' the caravan.' They bad come together from the Diocese of Nimes and kept together. Beyond these was a mixed assembly of ecclesiastics, ladies, and gentlemen:; French, however, greatly pre ponderated. After a while the Holy Father entered, accompanied by Mgr. Talbot, Mgr. Merode, and several others of his Court. He Went up one side and down the other, present ing his ring t( which bore a cameo of Our Blessed Lady) aud his foot to be kissed, and giving some kind word of recognition to every one who ever had been presented before. He blessed a number of rosaries, crufixes, &c.; I saw him, however, steadily refuse to bless a locket which a good French lady bad presented with several other objects. The French, and especially the French 1 adies, pressed upon him with an impetuous elan worthy of the fame of their nation. Wben the Holy Father -had completed the round be was in terrupted by many sobs from his impetuous French audience. Indeed, I do not think the warm-hearted Irish, or even the phlegmatic English present, would have borne an examina tion into their self-command. He thanked his Children for the manner in which they had gathered round for the blessing of the Vicar of Christ. He told them of the blessings you have received, and that he would pray as he had prayed for their countenance ; ' especially,' he said 'that which is the greatest of the blessings you have received— the gift of faith.' Then he said he would give them ' the blessing of the Vicar of Christ;' 'and in doing so it is my in'ention to bless all the rosaries and other objects you have brought with you. It is my intention to bless you yourselves, and especially the families to which you belong, although they are not here present. May Almighty God profit to you the blessing of His Vicar, although unworthy. May God the Father bless you and give to you a share of His own power, that you may contend victori ously over all the enemies of the Church and of your salvation. May God the Son bless you and give you a portion of His own wisdom, that you may know what you ought to do. May God the Holy Ghost bless you and give you a portion of His own holiness, that you may please God and persevere to, the end., Finally,' he added, lifting up his beloved hands over us, with the sign of the cross ' Benedicat vos om nipotens Deus, Pater, et fi ius, et Spiritus Sanctus. Amen.' As the Holy Father left the hall after wards, he was followed with a cry of ' Vive Pie Neuf,' and I half feared be would be pressed upon by the crowd. But, after all, be is the Vicar of Him who allowed the multitude to *? throng and press Him' when he was on earth. The same morning there was a grand function at the Church of St. Andrea della Valle. Those who have seen it will understand the word, when I say that vast church was most densely thronged. There was an Armenian mass for the restoration of unity in the east, celebrated by the Armenian Catholic Primate of Constantinople, Mgr. Has soun, assisted by several other Oriental Bishops and Priests. I believe the feeling called forth in most of the audience (in which I certainly fully sympathised) was one of great thankfulness that their lot was cast in the Western Church. At the same time a throng so immense in a church so large would have made it difficult to enjoy any function. The mass' was followed by a sermon delivered by the Bishop of Orleans in his episcopal robes, and a collection for the relief of the Oriental Catholics. The Bishop's sermon was said to be on the Relation of the Eastern and Western Churches. But he seemed carried away by the place and the occasion. He began — ' Who are we that are gathered together ? Where are we? What are we gathered for' These questions be answered with bis accustomed elo quence. Three or four times, wlien be was speaking especially of the occasion which brought us together from all parts of the wnrM, he was naturally led to speak of the Lioly Father. For instance, after enumerating Italy, Franc*1, Spun. England, Ireland, Germany, America, &c;, be said : ? Who is there, what King or Emperot that lives or ever has lived, who merely by an . expression of his wish, without so much as a cuinmand, could have assembled such a gathering Itom all nations of the world ?' In this ami three similar passages he w-*s interrupted by * loud butst of applause. You must know thai this took the modern Romans as much by sur prise as it would an English congregation. 1 was attributed, no doubt truly, to the impetiou French But it is as much unknown in Frenct churches as anywhere elsi. On a fourth oceasloi the applause was called forth by a display of tii speaker's eloquence. Then he said: — 'Mv brethren, I do not know whether applause is cu-- tomary in the churches of Rome; and wben i evidently expressed only your devotion to tli Holy Father, I did not like to check .it. Bu let me now beg you, do not think M'Jme. or d anything 't the kind for me.' After this it w-* not repeated. A French Bishop present re mat Ice that this was the only time he had ever heard a I Bishop in the pulpit answered by a layman frorr I the audience ; for wben M. Dupanloup said, ' I I do not know what is the custom in the churches of Rome,' a French layman called out aloud, in French : ' Read St. Cbrysostom then,' for thai Father mentions the custom as existing at Romp in his time. In the latter part of the sermon the speaker alluded especially to the East, and the blessings which had come to us from it. He said, among other things, ' I never see a, Jewish maiden without emotion thinking that she is the sister of Our Blessed Lady.' I was informed that the collection after the sermon produced about £400 sterling. The Bishop told us to give all we had about us, and to become subscribers afterwards. This subscription has been jinder taken by different distinguished persons for the different nations, including Mgr. Howard and the Rev. Dr. MacClnsky, Rector of the American College. * * * I may mention that the Bishops of tbe Catholic Church have issued an address to the Holy Father upon the circumstances of the times. It was signed yesterday, and will no doubt be published after it has been delivered. It is reported to have been a joint work of several eminent men. An address was first drawn up by the Cardinal Archbishop of Westminster, and another by Monsignor Dupanloup, Bishop of Orleans. There were incorporated by an Italian Bishop, whose name I have not heard. Tbe address was generally signed yesterday (Friday) I ought to have mentioned this on Saturday last, May 31 ; on Sunday there were Solemn High Masses in tbe Pontifical Chapels for the repose of the soul of the late Pontiff Gregory XVI., Sunday being the anniversary of his death in 1846. As for news, we have really none here, except that I have just heard that the Lavallette is arrived. Also, that the Bishop, of Poitiers (whom all of us who have not the honour of knowing him were anxious to see) has not come. It is stated that be feared that if he left France for whatever reason, he would not be allowed to re-enter it. This is the modern continental notion of ' a Free Church in a Free State.' which we are asked to take as a guarantee for the. Church, instead of tbe patrimony of St. Peter. You will have seen in tbe Monde a curious story of a Priest, refused a passport to come to Rome, until he produced the permission of bis Bishop. On the other hand, a story is told of a French prelate, whose name is mentioned who applied for permission to come. You will remember that tbe Moniteur announced some weeks back. that no Bishop was to come 'except on particular business.' It is said that a well known French Bishop applied to the proper authorities, stating his business to be ' to pay his homage to the Head of the Church,' upon which in returning the permission the authorities re marked, ' An excellent reason, no doubt, only it is one which hardly applies to him alone.' Tbe King of Naples is sud to have reco/ered from his late attact of small-pox, but it is added that it has spread into the Quirinal and has been taken, among others by the Queen Dowager. All accounts from Naples tell us of increased weakness and confusion. It is said that tbe National Guard is wholly demoralised : many . are disbanded, the others not trusted. They are I believe, exclusively Garibaldians. It may be worth while to add that we had another heavy thund rstorm on Friday. I hoped it had relieved this sultry, oppressive weather,: for this morning we had a clear blue sky ; but it is again clouded. We have bad thunder for hours to-day (Saturday) and it is now thundering and raining heavily. 