CONFIRMATION. AT PENRITH; Last Sunday, his Grace the Archbishop* admi ;nistered Confirmation in the Church at Penrith to a 'large number of children and other inhabitants of that district who had not received that great Sacra .vrmjent. Undei the. zealous superintendence of .Father Brennan, the children have for some time past been receiving instruction trom some of the ?Nuns of the Good Shepherd, who were sent to Penrith for that purpose ; and as soon as they were sufficiently prepared, the day was fixed upon when the solemn rite should be administered to them, and the; Holy Spirit would descend to sanctify * their souls. [ After the early Mass on Sunday, the children who were candidates for Confirmation, one hundred ^and twenty in number (sixty boys and sixty girls), were invited to breakfast in the school-room, through the liberality of Father Brennan, who had provided a substantial repast for their entertain ment, and which they did not fail to do ample jus. «tice to. ' As the hour of eleven approached, the candidates were assembled outside the school. room, and walked in procession to the church — the girls being dressed in white, with white veils on their heads, and boys as well $8 girls having medals attached to blue ribbon round their necks. On entering the church, they w«re conducted to the places provided for them — the girls occupying the seats in the centre of the nave ; the boys behind them, and in the. aisle on the Epistle side of the Altar ; and the adults on the *-Josp'el side. Shoitly afterwards, his Grace the Archbishop, attended by the Very Rev. S. A. Sheehy, V.G.,' and habited in his cope and mitre, with his pastoral staff in his hand, . entered the church; and Mass was then said by Rev. Father IMurphy. . ' At the conclusion of Mass, the Archbishop ad vanced to the front of the Altar, and, having taken his Beat, proceeded to address those who were about to be Confirmed on the nature and ' effects, of that great Sacrament. By the re. -ceptien of the Sacrament of Confirmation, ?ttfey would have their souls enlightened and their wills strengthened, they would be fortified against the corruptions of human nature, and they would become strong and perfect Christians and soldiers of Jesus Christ. They saw these effects illustrated in the case of Peter, who previous to Deing connrmea aeniea bib master, Due alter tne ?descent of the Holy Ghost upon himself and the test of the Apostles, filled with fortitude went about publicly in the streets of Jerusalem, pro claiming that Jesus Christ was the promised Mes siah. Strengthened by this Sacrament St. Peter and others of the Apostles had laid down their lives to give testimony to their faith in the doctrines of Jesus Christ. St. Bartholemew had been flayed alive, but he had endured unutterable torments with joy, not by any strength of his own, but by the strength that had been conferred upon him through merit they were enabled to discharge the duties and obligations of their state of life. The Apostles had seen wonderful miracles performed ? by our Lord giving testimony to the truth of his teaching, but they were not prepared to fulfil his commands until they had received the Sacrament of Confirma tion. This Sacrament was received by the Apostles in the day of Pentecost, fifty days after the resurrection of Our Lord when the Holy Ghost descended upon them in tongues of fire. They were immediately strengthened from above, and commenced to preach the Gospel in divers tongues as the Holy Ghost gave them to speak and to des pise the malice of the Jews. If Confirmation were so necessary for the Apostles, it was not the less so for us who had not the same advantages enjoyed by them in listening to the words that fell from the sacred lips of Our Lord himself. We read in the 8th and 19th chapters of the Acts of the Apostles, that John and Peter gave Cenfirmation to all whom they baptized ; but although it gave us spiritual life it did not impart to us fullness of life, although it conferred upon us - strength, it did not confer upon us lullnees of strength. Baptism remitted the guilt of original sin, but its effects still remained, and it was necessary that our understandings snouid De enngiuenea, ana our wins strengthened by the Sacrament of Confirmation, that we should imbibe a love for spiritual things, and be enabled to withstand the darts of the most wicked one. We were so dear to our Divine Lord that he came down from Heaven to unite His Divine nature to our human nature ; and in order to perfect the work which He had begun, the Holy Spirit must needs come into our souls to infuse into them more than primitive brightness, and descending upon us with 'his sevenfold gifts, woik out our redemption and bring us to perfection. Although this Sacrament was not so necessary as baptism, still it was neces sary for out salvation, and gave us strength not to desert the standard of Jesus Christ. The Arch bishop then proceeded to explain the ceremonies ?used .in the administration of the Sacrament. The Blessed Virgin and the Apostles had been engaged ten 'days in fervent prayer previous to the descent of the Holy Ghcst, and they also had some time en gaged in earnest preparation under the care of the good nuns and their zealous pastor. The time had sow arrived when the Holy Spirit would descend into their souls and teach them all; truth, let them then condense all their piety, all their fervour, all their good resolutions that the Holy Spirit might descend and make them worthy temples for him rfifilf. The Archbishop then recited the hymn, 4t Come, Holy Ghost, send down those beams ;' after which he proceeded to the administration of the Saciament — the girls receiving it fust j the boys then followed ; and lastly the adults. At the conclusion of the ceremonj', those who had been Confirmed recited the' (Vpostles* Creed,' 11 Our Father,' and ' Hail, Mary,' with the Arch bishop; after which he addressed them briefly on the solemn obligations they had incurred by the reception of the Sacrament. The Catechism in formed them, that by the Sacrament of Confirmation they became strong and perfect Christians, and ?oldiers of Jesus Christ ; and if so, they were called upon to fulfil the immensity of their obligations. Xi they were soldierf, of necessity there must be battles to be fought, enemies to be conquered, vie. tone* to be won. This Sacrament, like Baptism* «eaferiedn character upon the ftiil j n tbit those who had been Confirmed once could never be Con firmed again. Jesus Christ was our General; and in order to gain the victory, He called upon us to deny ourselves, , to take up our cross, and to follow Him — that is, to practice. the virtues of which He had set us the example. By doing this, they would find consolation and find means of fulfilling their obligations. They might sometimes think that those who enjoyed riches were happy ; but Our Lord said that those were not happy who fixed their affections on the transitory pleasures of this life; that they were not His disciples; and that H would not recognise them on the day when he came to judge the world. Most of those whom he saw before him were employed in laborious occupations, and it was only necessary that they should sanctify their lives by purity of intention, and by self denial, and |they would have fulfilled all the obligations they had that day undertaken. He did not say that because they took pleasure in their duties, therefore, there was no merit in them, on the contrary, the satisfaction they felt in the proper discharge of those duties, was the reward which they would receieve even in this world. His Grace then spoke of the solemn and awful responsibilities of parents and children. He called upon children to sacrifice their own wills to the will of those whom God had placed over them. Our Lord Jesus Christ passed thirty years at Nazareth fulfilling the will of the Blessed Virgin, and St. Joseph, with the greatest humility and obedience. How delightful then must it be to have his example before them, and to imitate it. In the world at that time there lived great conquerors, statesmen, philosophers, but in that cottage at Nazareth, the humility of Jesus Christ, of. the Blessed Virgin Mary, and St. Joseph, gave greater glory to God than all the world besides. And in that state of lite in which it had pleased to place them by the imitation of the life of Jesus Christ, they would give greater glory to God than by the possession of all those things which the world so much prizes. Whenever temptations and troubles assailed them, let them remember the garden of Gethsemane, and if temptations assailed our Blessed Lord they could not be surprised that they should feel them also. But we should conquer by putting a restraint upon our own temper, on the indulgence of of our inclinations, bvbearingin mind the instructions we had received, and by fervent prayer. Let them then never omit to say their morning and evening prayers— to pay strict attention to those instructions they had received from their zealous pastor, and the good sisters, and let them also place themselves under the protection of the Blessed Virgin Mary. Let them frequent ..the Sacrament, by which they would obtain pardon for sin, and : they would gather new strength against temptation. Let them guard against curiosity, by which Eve fell, and how much more then are we likely to fall, against self indulgence, against evel company, against the loss of time. He placed those children in the. hands of fathers and mothers, he hoped they would be an example to their children, that they would teach them too how to regulate their temper, not to. offend against charity to avoid detraction, never to hold any conversation of an uncharitable nature. He begged of them to guard against those sins for the sake of their children. If any one made use of expressions or indulged in conversation which was unfit for their children to hear, let them be shewn outside the doors of the house and told never to enter them again. Let them remove from their houses all causes of temptation ; what was a cause of tempta tion to fathers and mothers was a cause of tempta tion to their children also, and they wete bound to remove it He entreated them to persevere in Ihe fear of God. He was glad to hear from their good pastor that there was scarcely a family among them who did not assemble daily for prayer and in struction. He prayed that they might continue it, for Our Lord had promised that where two or three were gathered together in his name he would be in the midst of them, and if there were any among them who did not practise the custom of daily prayer in their families be hoped they would com mence that very day, for they would find it an ines timable advantage to themselves and to their chil dren. Let them place themselves under the pro tection of the Blessed Virgin Mary, who had been named full of grace by the Archangel, but who had pioceeded day by day to increased grace ; so they also by self-denial, and bearing their cross by being solicitous to imitate Jesus Christ, might add grace to grace. If they did so God would add the grace of perseverance, and the last hour of their life would be the happiest. Jesus Christ would chase from them all despair, he would inspire them with humble but full confidence, and would welcome them to the other world. He would say to them well done thou true and faithful servant, because thou hast been faithful to the obligations of thy Confirmation, because thou hast been my faithful and true soldier, enter now into the joy of thy Lord. The Arch bishop thdn gave his blessing, and the congregation, which filled the Church to suffocation, dispersed. The R.M.S. Bombay, cleared Port Philip yesterday morning at 4 o'clock. She may there fore be expected early to-morrow.. Holloway's Pills and Ointment. — Billious Disorders. — In no organ of the body does disease piesent itself so frequently and in such varied forms as the liver, and in no affections is it more important to apply immediate and safe treatment. Holloway's remedies happily place the means of cure within the reach of all ; his Pills, aided bv energetic friction with his Ointment on tbe right side, will soon reduce the troublesome dyspeptic symptoms; and perseverance with these preparations will ensure perfect recovery without any great res trictions in habits or diet. This treatment safely reduces the enlarged liver, so often indicative of the great indulgence in the pleasures of the table, nor is it less efficient in repairing imperfect digestion. 'A Yankee proposes to build an establish ment which he may drive a sheep into at one end, and have it come out at the other as four quarters of mutton, a felt hat, a pair of drawers, a leather apron, and a quarto dictionary. . ?._ , When specimens of police stupidity are being so constantly brought before the public, we cannot see why the newspaper report* ihould be handed, 'poiioe iatelligmwr : , 