LACHL AN HEROISM. The Lachlau Miner contains a lengthy account of Sir Frederick Pottinger's ex ploits in re tiie capture aud subsequent rescue of some of the escort robbers. The narrative is written in the highest style of bombast. " Scarcely has it ever fallen to the lot of the journalist," we are told " to recount more spirit stirring ad ventures — seldom indeed has the chron- , icier of passing events had the opportunity afforded him of giving publicity to deeds — in which heroism ami gallantry have been so thouruuglily aud remarkably dis played. 'There is, apart from the posi tions wliich two of the gentlemen referred to, hold, something grand and daring — something truly romantic — iu the enter prise undertaken by Sir Frederick and his colleagues ; and to them the gratitude of the people of this colony is eminently- due." I It may be necessary to explain that Sir Frederick Pottinger is a baronet, and that R. B. Mitchell, Esq., one of the "little land" is a "gentleman" — whatever may be the value of that title in the present day — who volunteered to join the expedition. This will account for the reference to the positions of two of the little band." The third of the "little baud" was detective officer Lyons, whoso '"position" of course as an or dinary and professional thief taker is not to be considered. "At dawn" we are told, the tracks of the robbers" were struck by the party comprising the " bar onet" and the "gentleman." " Striking ! - be tracks" however, may be a romau- | I tie but is not a very useful proceeding unless they are followed down ; lind it is really due to the " little band " to state that they attempted to follow the tracks. They did follow tliem, as they thought, as far as Hay ; but tbey were obliged to take two days to recruit — a proceeding wliich cannot fail to remind one of a pass age of Oliver Twist, where Mrs. May- lie's men servants having tracked Bill Sykes to a gate from which be is to be seen, resolve first to wait and draw breath, and then to turn back again. The Bar onet, the Esquire, uiul the Detective com menced the " return journey " on the 2nd of July. On the eighth, they came up with three suspicious-looking charac ters on horseback, and one of the ."characters" having bolted "at a ter rific pace into the bush" his two col leagues were told in the most emphatic manner that they would be shot if they attempted to escape. The Baronet, the Esquire, and the Detective then proceeded to haudeuff the two " characters " and having doue this, searched their swags, iu which were found 213 ozs of gold, and £175 in notes. After this daring and gallant exploit, the Baronet, of course, rode buck to the nearest police station to " write dispatches." The next morning the journey was resumed, and during the day no further opportunity was afforded for " the little band to distinguish itself.'' But towards noon of the next day ' the little band" and their two prisoners being 'at this time close to Timolla Station, four men rushed out of the scrub and offered battle. Three volleys were fired by the attacking party, and two by the attacked, but no execution was done. The robbers, it must be borne iu mind, were on foot, whilst the others were mouuted. This more than made up for the difference in number. If we are to believe the Miner's narrative, a regular battle eusued, strongly reminding one of that American en- counter iu which, after expending some thousands of pounds of amuuitiou on both sides, no one was found to bo hurt. " Ouce more" says the Miner, "were tho guns and revolvers of the besiegers pointed and discharged at the besieged." Once, iudeed we have reason to believe that a catastrophe is at hand — " For a second Sir Frederick reeled in his saddle seeing which — Mitchell, Esquire, eagerly enquired if he (Sir F.J was shot," but to his great joy received an answer in the negative, or rather in these words, " No Mitchell, blaze away!" Then the guns and revolvers of the besiegers were once more pointed and discharged at the be sieged, and the leader of the robbers fiercely demanded of bis men — " you, why don't you bring up the horses ?" adding, " Be quick, or we'll never take these ." This was, indeed, a criti cal moment. Sir Frederick turning to Mr. Mitchell, said " What is to be clone ? I hi've only two shots left." Mr. Mit chell's response was, " Aud I have only one." A consultation was held, and " re treat" agreed upon. Previous to decid ing, Mr. Mitchell expressed a hope that Mr. Lyons was safe. Mr. Lyons ap pears to have estimated th5 value of safetyquite asliighly as his two companions, ions, for after the first volley' he sneaked away to a station close at hand, where lie was afterwards found by bis " retreating comrades." The Miner concludes by repeating that the conduct of Sir Frederick Pottinger, and of Messrs. Mitchell ami Lyons, as displayed by tliein in their re cent enterprise, is worthy of the highest honour ; and we sincerely trust that the public will show, in a fitting manner, how thoroughly they appreciate it. To whieh we can only add that if Falstaff's asser tion that discretion is the better part of valour is to be accepted, there are no more valorous men in all the colonies than the "little band" whose exploits we have recorded. — Ovens Chronicle. The Pope's Successor. — Of all the projects said to bo agitating the Impe rial brain, that of uoniiuating Archbishop Hughes to be the successor of his Spiritual Father is tho newest and to some the most astonishing, while to others it is only a further proof of the resource and penetration of the Third Napoleon. The project has not been widely circu lated as one fully decided by the Empe ror. But it is sufficiently talked of in some circles to be worthy of mention, howevor, under all the reserves whieh must be made in respecting the on dits of Paris. The different interviews which the Trish-American prolate has had with his Imperial Majesty would in themselves have been sufficient to give rise to an extraordinary amount of gossip; but wheu it was generally understood that lie was asked several times to lunch at the Tuileries, and positively blessed the Prince Imperial, what sensationist could resist tho temptations of speculating on tho chances of the Archbishop of New York finding himself some fine morning tho possessor of a Cardinal's hat, and a littlo later the occupant of St. Peter's uuair i l nave a icw moments suiuu heard a renowned journalist taking for. granted the rumours on this subject, e's.- patiuting with apparent pleasure on the number of birds tho knowing Einperor would kill bv translating Archbishop Hughes to Rome.- — Paris correspondent of an American paper. Father Daly's Apology. — The Galway Vindicator states that the follow ing is an accurate copy nf Father Daly's apology to Bishop M' Evilly : — I beg leave to express my sincere regret in not having obeyed the maodato of my bishop, issued to nie on the 26th December lust, which was preceded by several letters of entreaty and remonstrance. I have also to express my sirwere regret for having violated, by the public celebration of mass, and by hearing confession, the sus pension inflicted on me by' my bishop. I rcgrot having addressed tbo people on Sunday, January 5, in tho chapel of Bushby Park, und subsequently in this parish church of St. Nicholas on tho' sub ject of the suspension, I regret the ex citement created in the House of God, and in tho public streets, and as a minis ter of religion I conjure these who- be haved. irreverently in presences of tho Blessed Sacrament, to make reparation for the insults offered to our Blesse'd Lord in the sacramcut of Ilis love. I j desire to express my entire disapproba- tion of the use of language derogatory to the office and authority of my bishop, aDd of any lino of conduct or form of ex pression on the part of any person whom soever calculated to coerec or overawe those whom alone the Holy Ghost has appointed to govern the Church of God, in the free exercise of that authority con fided to them by the exercise of St. Peter, the supreme visible bead of God's- Church, the Vicar of Christ upon earth. I do hereby request of my bishop, in virtue of. tho powers especially delegated to him by the Apostolic See, to absolve mo from the suspension he inflicted on me, and the irregularities I incurred by its violation.- —Signed, Peter Daly. 