SOMETHING ABOUT LIFE ASSURANCE. From 'Sketches in Real Life,' by Solomon Snail, contributed to the Sydney Mail. (Concluded from our last.) 'But I see yer pipe's out, Mickey, and I'm fear'd I'll be kaping yer out of bed too long; and its tired yer are, I know,' said Nelly, at the same time giving the back log in the fireplace a thrust with with a shovel, which caused a cheerful blaze, and then she continued, 'Hould yer eyes open, and I'll soon finish my sthory, boys. 'Will, thin I let Paddy have only a mortal little rest till he went to the As- surance agent in Maitland, and he towld him what to do in a jiffy. First of all he sint Paddy to a docther, to see if he wor sound and healthy. 'All right Paddy;' says the docther; 'yer as sound as a four-year-old colt, so yer is. Sorra a bad place have yer got in yer carcase, barrin some great ugly lumps on your head, as big as new pertaties: an shure where did yer git them, Paddy?' ses the docther. 'I think they're all bumps of combativeness,' ses he. 'Och, botheration! nivor mind thim, yer honor,' ses Paddy; 'thim's nothing at all. Larry O'Fagan an' me were jist havin a bit uv sport, in a shanty at Maitland, t'other day, and his shillaley slipped on to me head onst or twice. But he didn't mane to hurt me, not a bit uv it. Och, he's a broth of a boy, is Larry, so he is.' 'Ah, but ye must give over that sort of sport intirely,' ses the docther; 'mind that, Paddy,' ses he. 'All right, yer honor,' ses Paddy; an' thin back he goes straight to the agint, and insured his life for £200. An troth it's the best bargain he iver made in his life, and no mishtake at all. Ma- ny's the time I've jumped for joy about it, sure enough. We've paid £3 5s., or thereabout, every six months since that time, an' we niver missed the money. Faix, why should we; so, whin Paddy spint three times as much as that afore time, in dhrink, which was making a ghost of him, and pritty nigh making a ghost of me too, wi' fritting about it, to say nothing of the poor childers, who used to git more whacks in a week than Jerry O'Grady's jackass.' 'Oh, musha!' continued Nelly, com- passionately, 'I wish all the poor men, with families, in the colony, know'd as much about the binifits of life assurance as I could tell them, so they'd feel a mighty dale asier in their minds. I'm thinkin, if they know'd their poor wives and childers were dacently pervided for, in case they died themselves, instead of laving the poor craters to the mercy of the world,—a hungry legacy to lave them, shure enough. Now, I mane to say,' added Nelly with warmth, 'that it's the bounden duty of ivery man who has a wife and family, to insure his life. And I mane to say, too, that ivery healthy man in the colony is able to in- sure his life, if he has a mind to. He can sartainly do it for a small sum, if only for £50, for the cost is a mere no- thin; and if everybody were to do that same, we shouldn't see folks going about with cadging lists, like they were doing for poore widee Blaney and her seven childers a week agone. Och! I'd jist like to see anybody in this hut to-night as ud say boo to that bit of genuine raysoning,' continued Nelly, while her eyes sparkled with animation. 'Troth, if I didn't convince him that I'm right, (?) wrong, afore I wint to me bed, (?) have a head as impty (?) bottom up, in (?), what is (?) as hard (?) Now, all uv (?) body yer like (?) that same.' (?) Mickey, (?) 'Paddy guv (?) a time forhe (?) assurance; and (?) there was in him al- (?) He used to be as merry as (?) with a new flute, from morning till night. But whin Tim Mur- phy got married, Paddy wint to the weddin. Och, musha, musha! I shall niver forgit that time as long as there's any sinse in me at all. But ah, I'll not tell yer what he did at the weddin, nor yit what he did when he come home. He's a right good boy now, so I'll not ex- pose him, poor felow. But as luck would have it, that same kind jintleman called here the very next day, as he was going to Maitland. Troth, tho', I'm thinking it's wicked of me to call it luck, for God sint him to us straight, that's my belief, and it always will be so. Well, to make my long shtory very short now, the jintleman persuaded Paddy and me to sign the Temperance pledge, and not a haporth of liquor have us tasted since that blessed day. And before he went away, he prayed with us so he did; and the nixt time he called--for he's called many times since--he left us that Bible, and Paddy and me have read it nearly from end to end, over and over agin. And shure we wouldn't part with it for the biggest farm on the Hunter River, and a dray load of dollars beside, for it taught us the way to Heaven, and we're taching the childers the way too; and we're all as joyful as the jintlemen what kapes the banks, and have got grate hapes o' money to look at all the day long. Ay, Shure, and we're forty times happier than they are, so we are, if they've not got the love of God in their hearts, like we've got. We tind the house of God, on the plains yonder, and our childers go to the Sunday school. Ye can see that we've plinty to ate and dhrink, and some to spare for a frind, ay, or an inimy either, if we've got one. And if it should plase God to take Paddy from me,' continued Nelly with a falter- ing voice, and at the same time drop- ping a tear into her apron, 'shure I should have that little bit of money from the Insurance Office, to help me to carry on the farm and edicate the chil- ders. And now, Mickey, asthore! what's to pervint yer doing jist as we've done? tell me that now, jewel!' 'Nothing shall pervint me doing that same, plase God,' said Mickey, starting from his seat, and pacing the hut, while the tears streamed from his eyes. 'Whilst I've bin listening to yez, Nelly, I've bin feard me heart would burst all to pieces, so I have. Och hone! och hone! I've bin a dreadful, wicked, cruel vaggibin, and I hate meself, so I do. Poor Judy, poor Judy! Arrah, what for did I bate yer, yer darlint cra- ter? Yer the best wife in all the world, so yer are; and I'm the biggest blag- gaird that iver escaped Jack Ketch. But I'll go home this blissed minnit, and ax Judy to forgive me, and I'll ax God to forgive me too; and I'll niver, niver do the likes agin, while I've got breath in me carcass. Och, iverlasting luck to yez, Paddy and Nelly; it was God sent me to yer hut to-day, I'm sartin of that. But I'll be off home immadiately. Where's me hat and shtick?' 'Arrah, sit yer down, Mickey, darlint, for it's out of this hut yer don't move a leg to-night, not a bit of it,' said Pad- dy, dragging him reluctantly to his seat. 'Sit yer down agin, me boy, and be aisy for a minute or two. Whist, now, and I'll tell yer what to do. Here, Nelly, take his hat and shtick from him.' 'Will, thin,' continued Paddy, git off home in the morning as quick as yer can, and I'll lend yer my mare, so I will; thin make it up with Judy the fusht thing. An' whin ye've done that same, go down on your knees together, and ax God to forgive yer both; and ax him to save yer from tashting grog agin for the rist of yer lives. But pray, at the same time, to God, to make yer love him, and make yer' understand his Holy Word. If yer haven't got a Bible in yer hut, buy one immadiately--here's the money to pay for it; then read it as often as yer can, an' tache yer wife an' childers to read it, and ye'll soon be a happy family, take my word for it. Then go to work, Mickey, might an' main; get yer hut comfortable agin, and yer chil- ders clothed an' sint to school. And afther all that, the fursht bit of money yer get in yer fisht to spare, go and INSURE YOUR LIFE. That's my advice to yer, Mickey, my honey; an' will yer take it now?' 'Arrah! to be shure I will,' cried Mickey, jumping up excitedly, and seiz- ing the hands of both Paddy and Nelly at once. 'All sorts of good luck, an' long life to yez, Paddy and Nelly, yer darlints. Yer the best frinds I iver met in the world, so yer are: ye've helped to make a new man uv me to- day, in- tirely. I'll do all ye've tould me to do, ivory bit uv it; an' God bless yer both. Here's my hand on it, frinds. This blessed minute I promise to dash me ugly ould inemy, the grog-bottle, into smithereens, an' I'll niver, niver touch it agin. "For the horrible grog makes a baste of me quite-- Rough, ragged, and wretched, and poor. A lazy, and crazy, big blaggird outright, With my poor ould blind granny I'd quar- rel and fight, Och, murther? I'll dhrink it no more." An action was brought, says the Journal des Tribunaux, against a lady for the price of a glass eye that she had ordered expressly to fit her, but refused to take when finished. She defended her own cause, and desired the court to observe her hair. 'It is false,' said she, 'but it looks well and keeps my head warm; my teeth, too, are false,' said she, 'but they, too, look well, and, what is better, they enable me to chew my food; but this eye,' continued she, an- grily, 'is not of half the use of my wig and artificial teeth, for I cannot see out of it a bit;' and so saying she dashed the eye indignantly on the floor of the court. 