MODERN GHOST REVIVAL. THAT this is an age of progress is not yet an article of faith, to dissent from which is heresy; but the belief that we are all going forward is so strong, it requires some courage to express a doubt on the matter. Not wishing to deny the fact that there is a general movement on- ward, we must recognise something equally evident, that as it " moves on," society is very fond of looking back ; it breaks with the past very reluctantly, reverts to it very readily, and carries a good deal that is old with it in its advance. Is it from timidity and mistrust of the future before us, or from real respect for antiquity that in so many things we prefer to stop and look behind us. rather than press on courageously? If we progress, it is in spite of many influences that do their best or worst to " chain the wheel." The van of the army is pushed forward, but its movements are terribly ham- pered by the quantity of old baggage carried in the rear. There is a strong conviction that much of the lumber is useless, but we have not the heart to burn it and be rid of it. And the whole body is always ready to cry a halt, and get up a "revival." It is generally one of soroethine tnat our ancestors wore out, and being thought dead, was buried. But while one-half of society is pushing on, utterly obli- vious of what has passed out of sight, the other half gathers round some clique of relic-worship- pers who have dug up the dry bones of an art or science, and are wasting on a " revival " the energies that, made in the opposite direction, might have led them to a creation. A school of English painters exhumed the " pre-Raphaelite " artists, and trumpeted a great advance, when they went back for lessons to the time when art, having forgotten how to read, was again learning to spell. There is a " revival" of church, architecture, because we have not the genius, or the courage, to strike out the new style that new conditions of society require. We are printing books in imitation of the typography of the 17th century; music is excavating and reviving the ancient composers, for want of new talent ; what was to be the " music of the future," par excellence, being obstinately rejected by the present ; and medi- cine is returning to that most primitive stage of the science when mankind were killed or cured without physic, from the mere lack of drugs and chemicals wherewith to save or slay. But of all sciences, perhaps astronomy exhibits the most curious combination of the triumphs of pure intellect at one end of the scale, with the most grovelling superstition at the other: while it points out, by calculation, the exact place of a new planet, which in due time " swims into our ken," the pseudo- science of astrology not only co-exists with it, but seems to flourish, having still its practitioners, its periodicals, and its almanacs. Here, in London, you may have your nativity cast, and your horoscope drawn, as methodically as in the days of Lily or Dr. Dee. Putting together several modern developments, we may fairly ask if the age is as far advanced, or progressing so rapidly, as we have all agreed to take for granted. We have our doubts ; what is called enlight- enment appears to do its work in patches, leaving whole masses on the level, in compara- tive darkness, and many who stand on much higher points of social position in a very vague twilight, And in that " clear obscure," or half shadow, they display some of the old owl-like aversion to sunshine. If the rattle of the steam engine would permit them fairly to sleep, they would willingly "dream dreams, and see visions," of the kind that bewildered and stupi fied the world in the dark ages. To what other cause can we ascribe that decided "revival" of the " ghostly " in our recent periodi- cal literature ? We do not mean Spiritualism, and all its rappings and table tumbling, but in the resuscitation of the real old "ghost," slightly modified, and put into modern costume. There is "rehabilitation" of the ancient spectre in several of our most popular serials, indicat- ing either a diseased taste in their conductors, or a great fund of latent superstition in the public to whom they are addressed. It is a singular symptom that these ghost stories, re- quiring much mental degradation to tolerate them, form a feature not in the works that circulate among the lowest class of readers, but in those patronized by a much higher sec- tion of the community. The greatest offenders in this way against common sense and good taste are the journals of what professes to be a purer literature—" All the Year Round," "Once a Week," and " Temple Bar." They discard the tales that deal with felonious baronets, and licentious dukes, trapdoors, abductions, forged wills, and the intimate relations the peerage has esta blished with burglars ; they eschew the stories the Times described as having "Lust for their alpha and murder for their omega." But in estimating the kind and degree of demoralisa- tion that may be effected by popular literature, it would be difficult to say which is the worst kind of tale, that of vulgar passion or of refined superstition. The first is a very coarse food certainly; but the other is an insidious poison. We are not hunting the modern ghost through the files of these periodicals, and of its several appearances, we speak from memory. But a ghost it is in optima forma. We thought the whole race had been finally laid in the Red Sea; but perhaps the bungling operation of sinking the submarine cable there has stirred their repose. At all events, there is a " here we are again" from a whole tribe of spectres. All that is changed in them is a complete acceptation of fashionable costume, and the assumption of the best drawing-room manners. They scorn to wear shrouds, or walk in their grave clothes ; they do not show incised wounds, or mount guard over hidden treasures and lost title deeds; they do not shake chains when they come, or leave a suspicious smell behind them when they vanish. And they keep earlier hours than the old " won't go home till morning" ghost. They dine, go to the theatre, and travel by first- class carriages, having taken to that comparately slow mode of conveyance. And the reader will doubtless have noted that no modern ghost has ever con- descended to a parliamentary train or a third class carriage. They are spectres of position and means ; they dine and take their claret in a ladylike or gentlemanly manner, as the sex may be, but only in town or country mansions ; you never catch them feeding at Simpson's, nor I do we remember that any spectre has yet criti- cised his chop at a club. But we have no doubt the Carlton will soon have to blackball some ghost of pushing and intrusive dispo- sition. It is only on a review of the trash of this kind that has appeared within the past year or two that its full absurdity—we may add, mis- chief—appears. What is its purpose ? We protest against the ghost at the dinner-table and in the opera-box. It is becoming a nuisance, and a very stupid one. When the spectre was hideous, and a creation of ignorance and perfect belief, it had an element of terror. The modern ghost is either a literary affec- tation, to cover want of invention ; or a weak, puerile, half-belief in the supernatural, cropping out in a literary hypocrisy. The writers of these tales do not believe in their machinery them- selves, and are, so far, self degraded into public impostors. This dallying with a horrible superstition is a criminal method of exciting attention, while the result is the reverse of amusing. More than half the readers of popu- lar journals are young and half-formed minds. What is the impression they are likely to derive from the story of the lady's ghost that always appears in the railway carriage before a catas- trophe ? or the other ghost that sat in a box at Drury Lane ? or the cluster of ghosts in the Four Stories, in " All the Year Round ?" or the last bit of ghostly trash, by " Mr. H." in the same journal. The spectre that would have her portrait taken, and crossed country by rail, and dined with a family party, and carried a leaf from the " Book of Beauty " to London ? The minds that such rubbish does not confuse, it must disgust. We implore Mr. Dickens to drop his " H.," and put a ban on this detestable modern ghost, as far as his editorial power extends. The " thick and slab" story of " Love and Murder," concocted for the craving of a different taste, is not so mischievous. The authors bring a fair per- centage of their characters to the gallows or the hulks. To the modern ghost story no antidote is offered. It is a mere stimulus to mental disease. Along with this revival of the " Ghost" in literature, there is a return to the ghastly in art. The illustrations of Once a Week are singularly cadaverous ; they abound in corpses of all ranks and ages ; dead warriors ; dead maiden's ; death-beds are frequent. It is Mr. Millais, we think, who cultivates these effects. It is like a young surgeon seeking skill by practising on the dead subject ? Is there a fear that John Leach's sketches from the living will amuse the public too much ? Or does one periodical pro- vide the bodies, and the other appropriate their ghosts ? Between them our light literature is taking a very dissecting-room and churchyard character. The literary "ghost" occasionally puts forth a sort of claim to consideration that it may be something on the verge of an unex- plored domain of science ; it is next of kin to the spirit that writes bad grammar, and upsets the wafers. Now, if the spectre can ask the favour, let science do it a good turn. Let optics and chemistry catch this modern ghost and photograph it ! It can fix the tails of comets and the atmosphere of the sun ; the other day a photographer, at Berlin, caught a stream of electric light, flowing out of the bronze spear of Kiss's Amazon. A ghost can hardly be less material, if it wears crinoline, is helped twice to beef, drinks claret, and wants a portrait taken. The photographer's plate is liable to no delusions, has no brains to be diseased, and is exact in its testimony. We will believe even in the modern ghost if it can be fixed on paper. And it can surely walk into Claudet's or Mayall's if it can go to the theatre ?-London Review, October 26. 