A SITTING WITH MR. FORSTER. (from the London. Times, March 12.) ALTHOUGH the future historian who writes about us 200 years hence will scarcely characterise this age as an age remarkable for credulity, it is pretty generally known that among the fancies of the fashionable world there is none more prevalent than a desire to 1 hold intercourse with the spirits of the departed. A "medium" in good repute, who, for a certain fee will enable us to discourse with our deceased grand- fathers, may be regarded as a member of a profession at once lucrative and distinguished. No connection is there between him and the obscure prophetess who extracts foreknowledge from a dirty pack of cards, with a tour of the police before her eyes, and is only approachable through the narrowest of alleys. The " medium " has his welWurnisbed apartments in a broad west-end thoroughfare, his visitors rattle up to his door in their carriages, and, far from concealing the fact of their consultation, enrich their discourse at dinner with anecdotes of the wonderful magician. A dozen years ago an honest country gentleman who firmly believed that he had been a ghost was forced to keep his believe to himself, if he would not be laughed down by his enlightened friends. Quite another view is now prevalent. A thorough disbelief in ghosts has become rather vulgar than otherwise. Just now the leading "medium" is Mr. Forster, of Swanston-street, Portman- square. He gives sittings (chances is the world at the rate of one guinea a head, and is so fully occupied with his spiritual business that, without an appointment on the previous day, there is no chance of an interview. When you are lucky enough to get your hour, you certainly have your guinea's worth. Mr. Forster gives you the right of search into the ghostly bosoms of all year deceased relatives and friends, and if you question them about this little debt, that little legacy, and t'other . little mortgage, they will answer you with a straightfor- wardesB that perhaps was by no means characteristic of their earthly career. Many an old curmudgeon who would have told his next of kin '< not to bother < ' if he had asked him a hundredth part of the questions propounded in Mr. Forster's room now overflow its with information, and, distress! ally rapping, hovers about his relative's chair, i fearful that he may not be asked enough. "There is a spirit wants to speak with you," is one of Mr. Forster's most frequent remarks. ' ' Do not let it be supposed that these spirits are spec ties in winding sheets, and that when addressed they poke their heads out of a cauldron, like the spirits in Macbeth. In a civilised age, when the knowledge of reading and writing is supposed to be universal the spirits prefer the epistolary form of correspondence. You take your seat comfortably at a little round table, with Forster himself, and perhaps two or three other amateurs of recondite wisdom, and if the table suddenly pitches into your lap, you need not be in the least alarmed, as this is only a sign that the spirits in toastmasters' phraseology bid you heartily welcome. Then write the names of half a dozen departed friends on little morsels of paper, double them up, fling them into an indiscriminate heap, and, touching the papers one by one, seek to discover which of the spirits is desirous of holding converse. Three rapE on the table signify that you have touched the most willing communicant, and Mr. Forster will surprise you by putting a piece of blank note paper under the table, and in an instant bringing it back, with the Christian name of your readiest friend written thereon in pencil. Or he may vary the experiment, and, 'tucking up his shirt-sleeve, show you the name inscribed on his own arm, in red letters. While this is going on you are occasionally diverted by new Marches of the table, and also by something that rubs against your knees. This, you are informed, is the touch of a spirit ; but you need not be alarmed the spirit is not half so dangerous as one of those pet poodles that sometimes take similar liberties. _ After several experiments of the kind described, the air seems to become impregnated with spiritual in- fluence?. The Marches of the table increase, rappings go on at short intervals, and you are told that one of the spirits wishes to speak with you. This is your time to put in your business-like questions to ask whether Smith will honour his acceptance without being stimulated by your solicitor, or whether Brown really died intestate. Sometimes Mr. Forster-pos- sessed, of course, by the spirits-will himself answer these interrogations in writing, scribbling on the piper with preternatural rapidity, as if unable to control his movements. But generally a rap on the table is the. response (one rap denoting "Na," two r and "I Doubtful," and three raps " "Yes "j and the ques- > tioner may be advised to use such a form of inquiry as I may be answered by a simple affirmative or negative, and to avoid the diejunctivuibrmof interrogation. The spirits, though communicative, are disposed to be laconic, and we need not remark that the seeker for advice who asks whether in a certain case he ought to proceed by common law or equity, and is answered by plain "Yes" or No," scarcely obtains the guidance he requires. To avoid disappointment, let him therefore ask, " Shall I issue a writ?" or " Shall I file a Bill?" (one or the other, not both together), and ten to one but he will find that the raps proceed from the most unquestionable worldly wisdom. Even for those gross natures who, not satisfied with seeing spiritual handwriting, hearing raps, feeling their knees tickled, and bearing the weight of lurch,, ing (ables?, would like to have something like the armed head thrust out of the witches'-pot-even for these gross natures a bonne bouche {«{[provided. One of the party asks " Shall we have a hand ?" in as calm a tone as if a bout at whist or cribbage was proposed, but he means no such levity. It Mr. Forster thinks that the opportunity is favourable to the introduction of the " hand," you move to another part of the table, and whereas the previous experiments (if made in the morning were performed in broad daylight, the shut, ters are now closed, and you look anxiously towards the table's opposite edge. Now you have really a, right to feel a little nervous. An indistinct something rises to your view, and growing more definite is plainly a hand, with the fingers in rapid motion. About this hand there is no mistake, nor is there a doubt about its inclination to clutch a bit of paper in its vicinity. That this is a most extraordinary exhibition no one can deny who watches it fairly through. Granted any amount of confederacy or collusion, it is still difficult to explain how the name written by the questioner on paper can be imitated in a moment by an unseen scribe under the table, and how the arm of Mr. Forster, who never quits your side, is inscribed with a word of your own choice. Let us add that, if you write your own name and many others on scraps of paper, and, throwing them in a heap together, touch, them in succession, the affirmative trips will only be given when the right paper is touched. At three sittings, nothing is done with a view of inspiring terror. Mr. Forster is no lean, haggard sees, but a young gentleman of a frank and even jovial aspect, remarkably gentlemanlike and urbane in ^jstBiaiiBerl'an'dnot'at'nllimuiapoßed toitaùgW*m"cl , jtikeinthe'inidst of his spiritual manifestations Now and then he appears pained' and exhausted 'through' the work of " mediation," but mostly, if the party consists of gentlemen only, he smokes his cigar amid a, volley of rappings, as a veteran, might write his ( despatches with shells flying in at his windows. Con- fining ourselves to the report of phenomena, we do not pretend to determine when the spirit leaves off and the flesh begins. Mr. Forster offers his patrons a very agreeable hour ; his necromancy is of the, most genial kind, and if people are frightened rather than pleased, it is not his fault, but theirs. As for that strange hand, with the twiddling fingers, why should any dull, mechanical prig attempt to destroy our amusement at watching it by some dreary exposition, of physical abuses The hand does no harm, and shared with hard words the property of breaking no bones. Whatever the spirits may be, they are not malignant. 