THE PEEL-ARMSTRONG INDENTURE (From the Examiner) Sir,—Tlie ghost of Croker will be required on the Treasury bcuch of the House of Commons next session of Parliament to throw dust in the eyes of John Bull on the subject of Sir William Armstrong's brcechloading camion, which was baptized by the Derby Government in the year of our Lord 1859, but has not cut its teeth ill the present year of our Lord 18G1 ; when it will be breeched, Heaven only knows. In my last letter I callcd your attention to the fact that General Peel had caught Mr. Armstrong somewhere in tlieNortli, and kuighted him ; but there are certain other facts with which it behoves your readers to become acquainted, and I recommend them to peruse n monstrous blue-book, price eight shillings and fourpence, printed by older of the House of Commons, and purporting to be "Report of Select Committee ou Military I Organization," in which you will find that I Sir William Armstrong was knighted j because lie said he could make a gnu and \ would make it over to her Maiesty's Government, which was considered so magnanimous an act of patriotism that General Peel thought knighthood not a sufficient reward ; so he created his blight the Inspector of liis own guns and the guns of everybody else, at a sufficient salary. Nay, so resolute and-determined was General Peel to put down all and ever)' attempt at competition with his Armstrong that he bouud himself as War Minister, nnd every other War Minister that might succeed him, by executing a deed in favour of George i Cruddas, Richard Lambert, nnd George Wightick Rendel to pay for* nil aud every ! experiment, and expenses of every kind I which those gentlemen might contract iu ' trials at gnu-making and experiments thereon ; and that if any Secretary at State ! for War should countermand any orders commenced, or " shou/d abstain from giving, or cease to give orders,'' whereby the premises • and machinery creeled should cease to be productive, then her Majesty's Government arc bound to pay the expenses. This means tlnit if the Armstrong gun should prove a failure Government will have to pay for Gc))«ral Pel's vagary iu the shape of buildings aud machinery, standing over full six acres of land, at Elswick, something short of a million of money. Now it is the general „ impression in the engineering „. ,, world lliatthegunisafailureandwiil be use] ess;.and if this prove correct, our War Department is on the horns of the dilemma, am! must either proceed to waste more money upon the undertaking or stop short aud pay a monstrous fine and get nil of it,, That this is a correct statement as to the position of the War Office I invite your readers to prove" by 'turning to page G66 iu the Appendix of the Report alluded to, and there they will find the Indenture between General Peel, Sir William George Armstrong, George Cruddas, Richard Lambert, and G. W. Reudel, from which, I think, the deduction is evident that the General allowed his nose and the nose of the War Department in continuity, to be placed upon the grindstone. Tliat tlie Admiralty dislike these guus I believe there exists no doubt, It is rumoured in naval quarters, and openly asserted hi the clubs, tliat Captain Cochrane objects to have any more Armstrong guns m their present state in the Warrior, and other new ships are fitting out with new guns. Now that Sir Willam Armstrong's gnn is no longer a sccret, the French turn us into ridicule for niakingagrcat fuss about nothing ;they would not accept a park of such guns at a gift, Every other European nation considers Armstrong's gun as* Peel's mare's 1 ' nest, and decline to have anything to do with it It is clear enough why Captain Blakcly's fair offer was rejected to find a gun and pay for its trial Oh dear no, we must keep three thousand men at work aud the premises at Elswick up to the mark, or that horrible Indenture will be. paraded before our optics, No doubt there are other gun-founders ready for a trial, but I quote Captain BlaUaly because he has produced and tried liis guns, and the principle is adopted, as I have - previously shown, in Spain and America, The Austrian*, also, have lately adopted it. The He.rm.wla steamer, I am very much afraid, coutained a good many of Blakcly's ' batteries when she broke the blockade and ran into Charleston. Your-excellent «ontemporary, tlie Army and Navy Gazette, stated that the Iie.rm.wla mounted two 12- pouuders on her decks ; I have same reasons for thinking that the d guns she mounted wen 200 pounders and that we shall hear of them presently by sea or laud, either on the deck of a privateer or in a battery! "The other day I remarked that in one of yourlcaders you express an opinion that a chance, might bo risked of some Blakely G00-pounder on tlie deck of aEVench. gun-boat ai some future time, emashing'm tlie aides of die Warrior • 0r Blade l'rivce A 4 00-pouiider, wc learn ^Xh^pool, u to I* tried, bit no^by : Government* on tlie plates of a target _ ! repi-awuting (lie side - of nu iirmour clad I ship ; u. <?oupip . of. SOO-jiouuders, are gouc | campaigning among, foreigners ijif&i; other foreign orders no doubt will be executed. ^ W4iy ia a ^ 'trial refused here? Tbe wbole ^ ^ of l ^ tlie ^ French navy have tlieir quota tfS rifled guus carrying 58-pouuder shell. Tbe War Ministers of all other nations are oil die <pii vixt. ©ur, exertions are ' cribbed, cabiu'd aud confined' by our atrocious jobbing system, and Mir War Minister ie smothered in a Peel-Arin-' strong Indenture. Oavcbo, 