Escort Return. — Tho Escort took down yester day 4,110 ozs. of gold from Castlemaine, arid 3,785 ozs. 10 dwts. from Sandhurst. ' ' Publicans' Licenses, — A meeting of publicans was convened at the Criterion hotel on Wednesday, for tho purpose, wo beliovo, of talking over the ques tion of licenses and other matters pertaining to the trade ; but tlio attendance was so very scanty that no business was attempted. The publicans of Castlemaine seem to he contented -with things as tlxcy are. New Insolvents. — Robert Shinkfield, of Castle maine, miner. Adverse Judgment in the County Court, and losses in mining speculations. Debts £212 33 ; assets £6 las ; deficiency £205 8s. Mr Courtney, official assignee. New Journal. — V/e have received .No. 1 of a new journal, entitled tho Dunolly and Burnt Creek Express. Its motto is "nil desperandum," and we hopo our contemporary will never iiud causo for des- pair in tlie task it has undertaken. Scarcity of Paper. — Several journals have lately had to apologise for a sudden change in the quality and size of tho paper on which they were printed. News paper has fallen very short in tho colony, owing to the unaccountably long voyages of vessels in which shipments of paper had been made from England. "Inquiries" for paper have been made from almost every newspaper offico in tlie colony, and tlie destitution was becoming generally alarminjr, when fortunately a couple of ships arrived this week with supplies. Our own stock of paper was reduced to the last bale, but by t he courtesy of the proprie tors of tho Maryborough ami Dunolly Advertiser, we have been Baved from actqal want, anil we ojp- j>rcea our obligations accordingly. I NIGHT. Oh ! Hesperus, thou bringest all good things ; I ' Homo to the weary,— to the hungry cheer, To the young bird, tho parents brooding wings ; The welcome stall to tho o'er laboured steer. Thus says the Poet of Passion, writing ill tho sunny land of Italy, among the undying memoirs of the past, and the impressive facts of modern times, among the pine forests "that bound Ravenna's im memorial wood," by the sea-girt palaces of Venice, or the gigantic ruins of Rome ; hut with a compre hensiveness of thought and diction, applicable to all times and places j true of Greece in her palmiest dayB, when Hesperus war, a living creation, as well as a bright evening star, true of Rome when her eagles flew with triumphant flight from tho Pillars of Hercules to thu banks of the Euphrates, true through the long incdireval night of Centuries down to the moment that the past gave embodiment to tlie brilliant thought in tlie above brilliant passage, and if true among tho happy homes of old England, anil tho classic fields of Cnmpagna, not less so in the fair land of the South— this Victoria of our adoption. Where was this country of ours, hvlien to tho poet-breatli- ingspiritsof the old world, Hesperus lit tho sun to his rosy bcd-chamhcr in tlie West, and Aurora unlocked for him "the gates of tho East, pouring the dew upon the grass, and opening the flowers to liis cm- braco" 1 Had Australia been by that time redeemed from the sea, or had time as yet " written no wrinkle on his azure brow" ? Whore were then those earthquake-topped hills of granite and sand stone, those plains of earth-vomited trap ? Didtliis newest of geological countries then exist at all, or long before, wero the blacks and eucalypti of the south cotemporarios of Solomon, and tho cedavs of Lebanon ; or is it possible they could claim prior re lationship with that oldest of living representatives of the dead, mummy of Bolzoni's exhibition ? Im possible as it is to reply to such interrogatories, there is one thing has suffered no change, defying the rust of time and the work of revolution. - The sun rose and set upon these . lands or. waters, whichever they were, "with the same undeviating regularity, which . we :find"him observe now, thou sands of ages before the earth possessed either a Solomon or a hlaokfellow,- - Ainid the wreck of nations overwhelming each other in the fierce col lision4 of battle,' tho consequent transfer'of ; the sceptre of ' the world4 from one to another, the suc cessive supremacies of .Egypt, Assyria, Macedonaud Rome.; amid the convulsions of that very, deluge, - which imprinted on the.ocean the same character of mutability, the Sun ' lias continued, to shine' as of old, pale: Cynthia lias appeared qt' her 4 appointed time, and man can appeal to one raonument of im mutability, in the eternal stars. . .... , ' Tho 6tiu has:nbw.set, and the busy world, wifl soon- bo huslied in slumber,— Nature will seek its nightly repose.- But the great machinery of the universe stands still never. ' -The huge: Earth itself has no respite from that incessant Whirl by which like a peg-top, it is whipped through .creation. , .But lot. consequent on' the departure of the God of day, the pale crescent of the Moon. ' l' . -4 ' -' , y v ' Like to a silver bow new bent in Heaven,' 4 appears in- the West; and- one by -one peeringfforth successively from the deep Empyrean, ; ' . : '.' , . " Like pearls in azure set," , V ij !we can detect the lustre of the coming' day. The; jsuh wris.lately in Taurus, 1 arid it is in vain4 we are' urged by Mr Hiud to look closely in the direction of- (that prince ; of bulls, to, see what has happeried to a rur.awaynebula that has, suddenly disappeared .from that quarter of tbe sky,' Of what'use.is it to point' ,a telescope in tlio eye of the sun"? i But can it really- 'ho true ?— a runaway nebula ! : A body,4 tho extent; of : which it utterly transcends the imagination to, conceive, gone levanting, perhaps, eloped, like ,Ro-; meo rind Juliet, arid gone on airiatrimonial tour'with some mole specimen of a4 celestial Dinotherium ! 1 Heaven seiid that in their connubial waltz they may' hot come this way, or they will surely whip us into iTophet. - But in that far. off work-shop of the Uni verse'' whrir'e ' can he storrid'thathiagazine of force, which was lately swept from its place in Creation, - 'that mass of; materials; .out. of . which, could be con- structed a thousand worlds ? To. what new destiny ; has it been, driven ? Arid What ' can he the nature ' of those forces which are daily expanding and con-' .tracking the diameters of some4stars,: arid rolling them/round each 4 other - in . perpetual -revolution ? Does no sound, break the eternal silence of these re mote spaces ? /j-j . :, , f ; 2Viei;e'is Orio'ni'.th'e brightest of Heaven's Co'ristel;"4 lations,; just'aboht Ito'-set4 iri theYVriat, 4 arid'ii; Job (Were 4 to see- him now .with mortal4, eye; he would have no. (difficulty in-'reco'gnising him as;the;friend Vhom „ he, liad .known, -of old, -when, the morning starM-used to (J'ng.torrp.thei4 Si riim, too, '..fCSviitclicl- by the' old 'Egyptian, because"' prophetic 'of 4 the' Heaven-sent overflow4 of the Nile; -Name not anti- jquity in such reverend presences as these; it'is but of yesterday. .Since the Chaldean, first mapped the places of tbe stars from his hut 'on the plains of (Mesopotamia, to the moment yo'u'-gaze, these light4 points 'have been in, the iriain- true to their places ; h-hayo; burned there, wll that time,. L sadly and silently! . i ) Up high in' the' celestial dome, Jupiter, and 'Sa turn are now visiblein the North, and- in an appa rent oloseness of proximity,! of rare occurrence. -There are members of our solarjsystem, planets,, worlds- indebted to the. sun for , light and heat as our own earth is. By the old; world called pldheta;, wan; derers; for if you watch them'for a week or two you will find that tliey share not in the seeming fixity of the stars, but have aperfect motion of their own,' by - which they revolve round the sun in stated periods. Books could he written about each of these bpdies, and speculation as to the possibility of their'heing inhabited opeusa wide4 arid instructive field for the imagination ; — but we.-havo to.do only, with thevisir ble and external, . leaving ;the, telescopic and actual ,to others; The Mdky Way, pale ring- , of .celestial light, broad star belt of Night) V girding her 'azure zone with a million sun-lit poirits) passes now across the vaulted dome nearly - dne East and -West, and. a little to the South of , - the Zenith. It is i now about- 9 p.m.,, and in '.nearly the highest part of the Milky 'Way appears the constellation, of the Southern Cross, — mystic emblem, that 'erst shone in Heaven, and led Constantino from Britain to Rome, to publish, an edict of, toleration for Christianity in return for the assurance. "/n hocsigno, vinces." Below appear the pale, steam-like vapours, the Magellanic' clouds, nebuhe visible to the naked eye, huge aggregation of stars, each a mighty eon- course of sun-atoms. Watch these if you will, this shifting panorama of the heavens, this dissolving view of nature's conception, and execution ; watch, if you can steal from Morpheus a night,' for 'the purpose, and see this spectacle pass in review-before yon, and say that anything can bo conceived equal to the silent majesty of this great motion. . Now the revolving Constellations have brought round pale Lucifer, herald of the morning. From the portals of the East she has risen (unlike her naughty namesake, whom Milton precipitated from the bat tlements of heaven), and climbs gaily- up the Ccles; tial arch to announce .the coming of her sister Aurora. The clouds that fringe the easternhorizon are already puttiug on then- roseate hue; soon will l'be man in russet mantle clad ' / Walk o'or the dew of yon high eastern hill; , we already hear the first efforts of on early rising chanticleer to proclaim his welcome to the coming sun, and, like ghosts whose education has boon pro perly attended to, we without further ceremony, — vanish. — Communicated. . :>.! 