THEATRE ROYAL. I MB BARRY SULLIVAN AS MACBETH. Mr Barry Sullivan achieved another triumphant success on Saturday evening in the part of Mac beth. We feel it difficult to approach an analysis i of his splendid performance of the character of the Scottish Thane without appearing to exagge rate its merits. In Macbeth, the interest is con centrated upon, the regicide and his ambitious fearless spouse. In the last act Aiacaup cume» into prominence, but in the hands of such an actor as Mr Sullivan, Macbeth has obtained so strong a h -Id upon the attention of his audience that he is all-absorbing even of sympathy. The mind of Macbeth, like that of many of the heroes of Shakspeare, is Btrongly imbued with supersti tion. With him it takes tho place of a hight* faith. Doubtful and wavering in purpose during the earlier scenes of the play — even when he has the assurance of the witches that he ' shall be king hereafter' — and strongly sustained by the fierce promptings of his ambitious wife — as time wears on, and the supernatural promises begin to be fulfilled — as tne thaneships of. Glamis and then of Cawdor fall to his lot — he appears to rest firmly upon the promises of the apparitions. When he feels a doubt he again appeals to the witches, and never does hiB confidence fail him, until he dis covers that the fair seeming promiaes of the weird sisters are compatible with his own de struction. Birnam Wood he haa seen approach ing Dunsinane, but still he has the promise that he bears a charmed life, until he meets one ' not of woman born.' When Macduff renda from him that last broken reed of hope, then only does his superstitious faith break down — and he cries — ' Accursed be tho tongue that tells mo so, For it hath cow'd my better part of man ! And be tlic«o juggling fiends no more believed That palter with us in a doable sense ; That k«-p tho wotd or promise to our ear, And break it to our hope.' Mr Sullivan introduces some novelties, all more or less effective ; and hiB evident close study has brought to light some new readings, which evince aeute critical acumen. We shall trace the more striking scenes in the order they occur. Upon the first confirmation ot the witcheB* pre diction, the soliloquy upon the supernatural soliciting, to a loftier ambition, broken by episodical address to the messengers of his already achieved honors, was very expres sively rendered. Where he arrives at his Ca9tle of Inverness, having previously advised Lady Macbeth by letter of the promise rf. 'Hue witches, she has already determined on Duncan's death, Her mind is 'full of the fell enterprise. She addresses him aB ' Great Glamis ! Worthy Cawdor ! Greater than both by tho all-hail hereafter!' She feels 'now the future in the instant.' Softly and deprecatingly Macbeth replies, ' My dearest love.' After a pause, in which we leam in the actor's face the inward struggle between a subject's duty and a vaulting ambition, he hisseo forth, in hoarse whisper, ' Duncan comes here to-night.' The temptress replies interrogatively, ' And when goes hence ?' Again does Macbeth waver, and reply in tones suggesting contradiction, inviting discus sion, ' To-morrow, as he purposes.' Then follows Lady Macbeth.' s ' O never shall sun that tomor row see ! Your face, my Thane, is as a book where men may read strange matters ; — he that's coming must be provided for.' This brief scene was invested with extraordinary expression by the actor's art — we had almost written nature. In the opening lines of Macbeth' s solioquy upon the murder of Duncan, Mr Sullivan gave a reading which we havo not befere heard upon the stage, and one that strongly commends itself. The commentators give it thus : — If it were done, when 'tis done, then 'twero -lYtll It were done quickly : If the assassination, &o.; Mr Sullivan reads the passage, — If it were done, -when 'tis dono then 'twero well ; — If it were dono quickly, if the assassination Could trammel up the consequence, and catch, With his surcease success, &o.; The pauBO after the last word of the first line of the blank verse gives a superior significance to that as well as the following sentence.. At the end of the soliloquy — I have no sp~r To prick the sides of my intent, but only Vaulting umbiti'n, which o'erleaps itself And fulls on 'he other tide— How now 1 What news t Mr Sullivan omits the wordB italicised (which destroys the unity of the metaphor), leaving the sentence unfinished through the interruption of Lady Macbeth' s entrance. To her stinging tauntB that he was afraid to be the same in actual valor as in desire, the hackneyed lines — Pr'ythce peace, I dare do alt that may become a man - Who dares do more is none, were invested with new force by thb actor. In the scene just before the murder, Macbeth has Bet down for him in the text, addressing Seyton, ' Go bid thy mistress when my drink is ready, she strike upon the bell. Get thee to bed.' Mr Sul livan addresses the first period to the attendant officer; the second in a whisper to his wife, through the open door. This assists in tho mani festation of the preconceived idea of lulling sus picion. The address to the impalpable dagger was very highly wrought, and followed by the Blow stealing gait with which Mr Sullivan effected his entrance to Duncan's chamber, made a strong impression upon the audience. When he returns from the chamber with horror stricken lineaments, looking behind him as if he feared the spirit of the murdered Duncan, he brushes against his watching wife and utters an unmanly shriek of terror, evincing the complete breaking down of his virile courage through the commission of a cowardly assassina tion. This portion of the play was Edmund Kean's most eminent success. Mr Sullivan's crowning effort waB the banquet scene. Disregarding stage tradition, Mr Sullivan dispenses with the visible apparition of Banquo's ghost, and the innovation is an indisputable advantage. The solid form of material Banqico ruins the illusion. 'We might as well have a property dagger suspended in the air by mechanical ingenuity when Macbeth apos trophises the air drawn dagger of the mind. As Macbeth is about to occupy a seat, his mental vision fills it with the form of the murdered Bangtio. Torturing agony was in every feature, every intonation as he cries appealingly to the guests 'Which of you have done thiB?' The scene was throughout sustained with greater power than we have ever before witnessed it, and the last words ' Hence, horrible shadow, unreal mockery, hence,' was the signal for Buch a storm of well merited applause ad is seldom heard within the walls of a theatre. There was both tenderness and remorse in the delivery of the beautiful lines — ' I havo lived long enough : my way of life Is fallen iuto the sear, tho yellow leaf : .rtnd that which should accompany old age As honor, love, obedienco, troops of frionds 1 must not look to have ; but in their stead Curses, not loud, but deep - mouth-honour, breath Which the poor heart would fain deny but dare not.' When Seward's army approaches, Macbeth ad dresses his officers, ' Hang out our banners on the outward walls ; the cry is still they come,' Mr Sullivan places the pause after the word tanners, as indcad did the last Macbeth of note we had upon the stage of the Theatre Royal. The final combat between Micbeth and Macduff had less of the melodramatic than usually attends Btage encounters. The sud den dying out of the confidence of Macbeth when he learns that his foe was ' from his mother's womb untimely ripped' — his refusal to fight, and the sudden reaction when Macduff cries ' Then yield thee, coward' — were finely managed by Mr Sullivan. After the final words of the (acting) play have passed the lips of Macbe'h, Mr Sullivan had another effective point in store. Mortally wounded, blinded and reeling, his sword struck from his grasp by the nervous arm of Macduff, the actor, with the last flicker of the flame of life, tears from its sheath the dagger which he has not strength left to wield, and in the very act falls dead. Mr Sul livan was frequently recalled. His costumes throughout were rich without extravagance and entirely appropriate. Mr Barry Sullivan's Mac beth will bear comparison with his Hamlet, and we cannot accord him higher praise. Mr War ner was most unwarrantably boisterous in the earlier scenes of the play ; this he largely re deemed by his acting when he hearB of the mur der of his wife and little ones ; and again by his spirited playing up to Mr Sullivan in the last scene, which earned for him a call before the curtain. With every natural advantage of intelligence, voice and figure, Mr War ner fails to do himself justice by over acting. If he would consent to be more sub dued, h.3 would be infinitely more effective. Mrs Poole, as Lady Macbeth, earned the plaudits of the audience in the scene where she announces her fell purpose of procuring Duncan's death. She was throughout at the top of her compass. At the end of the first act she was led before the act drop by Mr Sullivan. Mr Hooper's Banquo was creditable, and Mrs Jackson's Malcolm was very good, especially in the scene with Macduff in what was played as the fifth, although properly belong ing to the fourth act. Locke's music was very well rendered, bothby the band and astrong choral force. The singing of Mr Morris, as Hecate, as well as that of Madame Stuttaford as one of the singing witches, was excellent. The three principal witches were well played by Miss Milne, and Messrs Jackson and Downey. We hope that ' Macbeth ' will not be too quickly withdrawn. Every oi.'e who takes an interest in the dramatic art should see Mr Sullivan's well- studied, highly wrought, powerfully-rendered conception of the Scottish Thaie. 