ENGLISH SPORTING NEWS. (wtOM or/n ows connusponDiutT.) London, 2Cth September, 18G2. At (he end of August the racing season tn tlio ' old country'' m»y he considered at its height, though same of the aristocratic habitues of tlio 'magio circle' turn their thought* to the moors nnd mountains of Scotia's fair land, and lenvo the business of their betting books for the more invigorating spotts of the trigger. Thla year, however, the reports of tho grouse were anything out favourable, and there was consequently lesa basto visible in tho departure s for tho north than usual, and the company at Stockton, Egham, Lichneld,ctc., in tho week following the dcpartuic of the lait mail, was un expectedly large. Stockton commenced on the Sflth ult. with the tbrce vear-old Biennial, which Zetland carried off from Q. B. D;, Piccador, find Grinision, with very little troublo, though it inay be questioned if Lord St. Vin cent's policy, in running a first-olnsj hotse, as Zetland is, so perpetually for small stakes is a wise onb. ' Little fish are Bwcet' it is true, but they mny be purchased too dearly.. Had Ivanhoff been ns Rood as ho was supposed to be when he defeated Tin Whiffler, ho oould scarcely Lave lost the Tradesmen's Handicap, which produced a fine race between Brighton and Master George, ending in favour of tho former, though many paople thoucht that Master George oaght to have won. Mr. Bowes' Chanticleer colt- bight -- Early Purl, who mado his appearance with very high testimonials from the 'Mal- ?ion examiners,' bowled over afield of nine in the Cleve land Stakes in hollow style, Princess Louisa nnd Trust' finishing next to the favourite. On tho Becond day Living-' stone, withO to 1 on him, (ralloped nway from the five two year olds that opposed him in- tho Hardwicke Stakes, albeit Zapteado and Borealla were amongst tha lot. Zetland was brought out again to meet Bonny Breast knot in the Great Northern St. Leger, and, making all \- his own running from end to en4, won in a canter: Thursday's proceedings commonced with the Billinghara Grange Stakes, for which Zetland made bin third ap pearance, in company with Wentherden and Lachcsis. 20 to I was freely hid on Lord St. Vincent's colt ; and, despite his previous exoriions, tho gamo animol quits justified the confidence of his friends. Old Orange Girl, pan&llsed; 5lb, beat a pair of John Oaborue'a— Riobard and The Comet — cleverly in the two-year-old Biennial, hut tho quality of the latter makes the perform»DCO of no great account. Brighton was a rattling favourito for the Cup, but Baverley upset the pot to the intense delight of tho fielders. Although by 00 means in lip-tip fettle, Caller Ou could not fail to diipoto satisfactorily of such antagonists as Upperlnnd, OpncUt, nnd Lndy'Ripon, iutlia'MlddlcsburfrU Handi cap, and the good thing about wbich those who'laid 3 to 1 felt so confident, accordingly camo off. Eghnm wns well attended, and there woro lots of horhca there, but the management was net good, nnd n yast amouut of grumbling ensued. A row in the weighing room between F. Adams and Taok Beeves was ? Tery properly brought under tho notice of the stowards ; and Adams, the offending party, \yns fined L10, nnd sus pended from riding nay where until tho fine is pad. Tho; racing at Eglinm being little above plating form, may bo passed ovor in favour of much more important events. ...--.? At Lichfield the old Stand has been pulled down, nnd as the new one has not yet been built, between tho two stands 'he public literally crime, to the ground. Tho course, too, was in much the same predicament as the stand, and it is almost needless for me to observo that the meeting there thla year was a failure, though if ono may believe tbe promises wbioh . nro made by those in authority, everything is to be in npplopio order by I8G3 Brid:ewater, Tunl.rldgc. Lmllow, etc., had their little turf gatherings in this week, but they possessed none but local interest. . ' ' On tbc 2nd of September commenced tho third anni rersary since th ir revival of tlio Devon and Exeter' race's. ' The distance of , tho trystlng place from all those spots 'where trainert most do congre gate,' rendered the fields small in spite of good entries. The attendance was large, swelled doubtless by the un varying report from all quarters of there being ' no partridges.' The Devonshire Stakes fell to Breech loader, Vinegar Hill bringing home Lord Portsmouth's popular, 'white with black hoop', second. King of Utopia, although burdened with an extra half-stone for his previous performances, beat Batsman, Countess, and Mrs. Trimmer, in the commonest of oanters, in the Exeter Slakes, and many a nibble was thereupon made at the winner for the Derby.' He is. a. very promising colt, and a fine goer, and is unquestionably the best produce of his sire, the King of Trumps, that has been out as yet. The Malnhead Stakes— so called after the Boat^of Sir Lvdston Newman — and the County Cup were tho noteworthy features of the second day, and the meet ing of Gunner and Cachuca in tbe former race, was really interesting, though few imagined that Cacbuca oould carry her 121b. penalty successfully in deep ground, and many ' wise men from tbe South ' opined that tho Gunner's additional load of 51b. would prevent his hitting the mark— judgment, which tho result fully confirmed, as Golden Dust, with her Egham honours thick upon her. won very elevorly. Gnnner was a good second, but Cacucha was not persevered witb. Aiher stone, Optimist, Breechloader, and Vinegar Hill com posed the field for tho Cup, tbe firstnamed pair dividing the favouritism of the public botwoen them pretty equally. Tho race, like the betting, was confined entirely to tbe favourites, but, in ipite of all George Fordbam could do Atherstono won in good style at last, and when it is remembered that he carried 91b. extra, to exempt him from tho selling clause, the performance, ove. two miles and n half of heavy going, is a very superior one, especially for a roarer. The Derby Meeting was held on'the same days as tbe Exeter races, but tbe sport was very inferior to that in tha 'far west.' Taje was an immense pot for tbe Chesterfield Plate, 7 to 2 being laid on her as if it was over, but Bohemia, with Jack Osborne on hor'back, quite 'spoilt the stew,' though the performance failed to open tho eyes of most of tbe lookers on, as to how good tbe winner was. . Thursday and Friday in this week were devoted to Oxford, where tbe fields were mnoh larger though the quality of tbe competitors was nothing very wonderful. Avondale, a usefulish ion of Batan, won the two races for youngsters, i. c, tho Prince of Wales' Plato, tho first day, and the Nursery Handicap on the second, but in neither instance was there anything good behind him, Mr, Merry's Royal Stag, who ran second for the Prince of Wales' Plate, being decidedly the best of a very indif ferent lot. Lord Stanley, from William Day's stable, was all tha rap-o for the Oxfordshire Handicap, but Fordham, on the Starof tha Wast, out-rode little French in tho lost few strides, and landed the stake for Tom Parr.. . It is not often that I trouble your reader* with any notice, of. Irish racing, as it is difficnH enough to con dense our English sport into the requisite space, but T znuBt not miss calling their attention to the frightful npper-cut that I'Anson got at the Curragh September Weeding. He sent Caller Ou over— as the sporting * papers informed ua— 'to win the Queen's Plates,' and when the winner of last year's St. Leger started for tbe first of these, 5 to 1 was betted freely by I'Anson and bis friends tbat she beat tbe pair opposed to her — Bellman and Socrates. The old story of the hare and tbe tor toise came truo again, however, for Bellman jumping off as soon as the flag fell, quickly got a tremendous lead, and at lost Wilhlngton bad to sit down and fide tbe favourite to cstch him, and when she 'did gat up, the Irish outsider snuggled so gamely that Caller Ou was beaten a bead ! You may imagine how tbe layers of 5 to 1 looked, and how much whiBky was consumed to drink the health of the gallant Bellman, and tbe glory of ' Oald Oirelind.' It is true Caller Ou reversed tho judgment when the pair met again the following day, but this did not wipe out tbe mortifying and ex pensive crub of the first defeat. Warwick is to Doncister what Bath is to Epsom ; 'coming events' are at each place sare to cast very visible shadows of what is impending, and as tbe Doncaster St. Leper this year seemed to be as incom prehensible and full of mysteries as a modern melodrama, everybody who took the slightest interest in turf pursuits found his way to Leamington by the 9th inst. Sir. Merry— Leamington Merry I mean, not Buckstone Merry— bad got together as tempting a bill of fare as ever, tbe first item in which was the Trial Stakes, for all ages, one mile, the winner to be sold for GOO sovs, if not to be sold to carry 91b extra. Old Twilight, whose owner elected to carry the 91b rather than chance losing his mare, was made the favourite, l-ut it was asking her to do tea much, and Libellous, with ' lucky Fordham ' up, landed tbe stake rather easily for Mr. Hodgman, Weather 8py (in Osborne'a stable) secend, and the favourite third. The Leamington Slakes only attracted eight' starters, and of these Master Georgo was tbo selected ono to do tbe trick. Bally Edmund, however, had plenty of supporters, and, often as bo has deceived his friends, those who stuck to the 'Saxon green ' on this occasion were well rewarded, for ho forced tbe pace throughout, and thus succeeded in choking off the crack, though Victrix and Man at ArniB kept him buay at last to land 'the sugar,' but be eventually succeeded, thanks in a great measure to young Midgloy'a steady riding. Herdsman, Glentjourie, and Fontenoy wore the most fancied in the Castle Park Stakes, for two year olds, hut tho talent wore quite out this journey, the finish being left to Mr. Pay no's Roaina and Mr. Naylor'n Equinox, Jem Goater on the former just managing to Etall off Challoner by a nsclc. On tbo Wednesday Lord Stanley won thn County Handicap, boating Libellous, Twilight, and five others, and Equinox gave us another taste of her quality when she credited Mr. Naylor with s sweepstakes nf 5 sovs each and 50 Suva added, for twos and threes, and for which eight went to the post includ ing tho redoubtable Sonpstone, Amazonian, Peignoir ' (the ring men call him Pioneer), Rent, etc. j G to 4 was 3' Inid against Sonpstone, nml 100 to 8 against Equinox, hut tho outsider wnn cleverly. Ilapparee beat Bally Edmund without much ilifilcvlly for tho Warwick Cup, /or which many hoped Alhe'ston* would have put iu an appearance, ns pri- at intc-reV. would have attuched to a contest between him nnd Kapparee over n three-mile course. Wo have, but fow horses nowadays resembling this pair in appearance; they remind one of tho olden Umis nbon four miln heats and welter weights were in vogue. The Welter Cup at Warwick fell to Mr. Payne's ??' Gopornicus by the uid of Mr. Edwards, Count Bathyany on Suburban being second, while General Hess and his -? Little Captain' passed the post third. A good deal of fun was caused by two m itches between tbe same Apf»-», Peeping Tom and Consternation. On tbe first occasion they were piloted respectively by Mr. Blake and a novice in tbs pigskin bight Mr. Granrille. Blaka made all the running, and won in a canter; but when, on the second day, the new trial came on for. hearing, George Fordham was on Consternation, who was carrying 51b more than Bhe did on tbe former occasion. Notwithstanding the weights and her pre vious dafcat, Consternation wan tbo favourite, and nftor waiting close to Peoping Tom for threo parts of the way, she came away and won by six lengths. Tho result was not complimentary to Mr. Granville's powers ns a jockoy. Leicester, Weymoulb, King's Lynn, Totnes, and other places, held their annunl races during tho Warwick week, but not even at Leicester was tho sport of n cha racter to demand eapecial notice. All tho best horses wore being kept for Doncaster, and all attention was directed to the great northern gathering. There was great excitement in tho betting market throughout tbo week, tbo St. Leger quotations exhibiting as manv ' startling changes' S3 a Christmas pantomime, or a ship's barometer before a hurricane. To begin with Carnctacus, who had been sbaky ever sinco ho received tho peppering . nt Lewe5, he wns definitively ' knocked out' on the Monday, whilst Old Calabar was also treated moat unceremoniously, though this last named animal rallied a little nllerwarda. At Warwick, Carisbrook: nnd Exchequer bot-h looked queer at ono time, while Hurricane camo a cracker, so much so aa to send her stable companion tbe Marquis back a little; but on tho wholo Marquis and Buckstone were very Brm. One bet of an ' even monkey' was laid on Mnr juis, Buckstone, and Argonaut against the field; Not a bad pick, was it? On Tuesday, the lGth instant, commenced tho host Doncaster Meeting that has been held for many years -ver the town moor, whether wo regard the company, :he size and quality of the fields, the closeness of tho Snisbes, the weather, in fact, everything— 'All went mciry ns a marriage bell.' ,' Tho Vitzwilliam of courao opened proceedings, and for Ms, fourteen put of the seventeen entered sported silk. The field was a stron; one, including. ns it did Caller Ou, Wallnce, Capo Flyawav, Silkatone, Equinox, etc., but ha King of Diamonds, the selected of the public, won n gallant style, Wallace being second, and Cairncastle third. ' . . For tho Champagne, Lord CHfden had been for seve ral days backed nt evens against tlio Sold, and, although in tbe previous day in London he had gone back a point Jr two, still be ' cime again' ft'. Doncaster, nnd when the bell rang for starting the odds of 5 to 4 were laid on him. Notwithstanding tho prtitige attnehinu to the :rack, ninb others were found bold enough to face him, viz., Atmagnac, for whom together with Brick and La Marocbnl, Lord Stnmford had just given 0000 guineas ; Early Purl, who represented John Scott's interest; tho mysterious Trnjanus of whom aa rrany Btorics were told as if he bad been now what he ' nscd towns,' »'. e., tho Troinn horse ; Mr. Merry's Wasp colt, who ia to do n good thing somo day, & ce qu' on (lit; two from Mr. Navlor's dangerous stable, viz., Fiance's nnd Stampede; togother with one of Lord Glasgow's anonymous animals, Peek's Cistercian, nnd Baron Rothschild's Brother to Morocco. Tho betting is tbe best index to the places which each held in public estimation, and ot starting it was fi to d on Lord ClifUen, 5 to 1 against Armngnnc, 7 to 1 againat Early Purl, 7 to 1 against Fiancee, nnd 12 to 1 against Brother to Morocco. The favourite, who is always a bad beginner, got all the worst of the start, but soon crept up and wns on terms with his horses. Fiancese mado the running at n strong pace as long as showas able, when Early Purl took it np but was speedily deprived of it bv Lord Stamford's new purchase, who carried it on to within a fow strides of the chnir, where, after a slashing set-to, George Fordbam managed to get the favourite's napper in front, and to win with nothing to spare. by. a neck— nothing was near the pair. Sir Jojech Hawley's Cowley, by Rochester, won the Great Yorkshire Handicap cleverlj' against a Deld of fourteen, Lord Glasgow running second and third with Anonyma and the Mal-.e'.csa uisro respectively. Cerrathn. was n.5 good a fnvonrite for the Filly Stakes as Lord Clifdcn had been for tlio Champagne, but it turned out a much nearer thing than that race, as Bohemia, splendidly ridden lw Jack Osborne, all hut won, tha judge's decision being in favour of the favourito by a head, while manv bystanders thought it was a dead heat. Tho Glasgow Stakes — wbich concluded Tuesday's sport was productive of another magnificent contest between tho Wnsp colt and Gcntilhomme, Aldcroft winning on the former, nfler a display of jockeyahip worthy of Frank Buller in hi3 best day. On' the Wednesday, 'Wg with the fate of thousands,' nnd after Lord Glasgow's Clarior bad beaten Mr. Merry's Tassel for tbe Municipal Slakes, and that Barchettina, at tbc second attempt — the first having resulted in a dead heat with Donnybrook— bad landed a nice little sweepstakes of 10 sovs each and 50 added, 30 subp, for Lord Stamford, after these had taken place, I say, came on tho great event of the day, of tho meeting, and with ono solitary exception, of tbe year — tbe Great Doncaster St. Legcr, which has now for close upon a century held its own against til competition. But never in all these SC years has the great raco been regarded trfth mnrn fruntitnn tntprpnl*. than nn thn nronnnf. nrnntitnn. Kot when Lancelot and Maroon double-banked poor Gibraltar, or tbe antagonism of Cotherstone and Prizefighter let up the lucky Nutwith ; hot when the gallant Faugh-a-ballagb, in all tho pride of the Mitchel-Grove polish, sent balflreland mad witb delight; not when Van Tromp showed us plainly what ought to have won tho Derby of '47, -and poor Job Marson wore tho tartan jacket for'tbe last time; not even four years afterwards, when Sir Joseph llawley offered to take 10,000 to 1000, and allow the layer to scratch either two out of his threo— The Ban, Tbe Confessor, and Aphro dite. No, never,' believe, me, was the great Doncaster St. Leger looked forward to with more genuine interest, and more intense excitement, than this year. There was only one drawback— that Caracttcus did not start. Had he 'gone well to tho post, nothing would have been wanting. As it was, tbe antagonism of Marquis and Buckstono ran very high, while Cnrisbrook's paity were most sanguine,- and Exchequer's could demonstrate on paper with mathematical precision that it was an absolute impossibility for him to lose. Then the Hurricane division would point trium phantly to Caller Ou, to Imperieuse, and to Blue Bonnet, and ask you what it mattered how mares ran in the spring? It oozed out, too, that Old Calabar had arrived, nnd bad gone a rattling gallop with Boyce on his back on tbe Tuesday morning, and those who had been taking liberties with him, nnd laying fifties and hundreds to one against him, began all of a sudden to mnko anxious search for one of those friendly notice boards found at railway stations, and which point ' the way out,' till, by the time the flag dropped, Old Calabar was as good a favourite as anything but Merquia,' Buckstone, and Cariabrook. After ono mistake the following filteen got away well togother: — Marquis, Buckslone, Argonaut, Clarissa Colt.Knowsley (the Stockwell colt), Carisbrook, Exchequer, Old Calabar, Hurricano, Johnny Armstrong, Warminstcr, Cantwell, Bonny Breast Knot, Lady Alice Hawthorne, and Imperatrice; the betting at th'e time being 8 to 1 against Buckstone, 7 to 2 against Marquis, 0 to 1 against Carisbrook, 14 to 1 against Old Calabar, 15 tu 1 againat Hurricane, 18 to 1 against Knawsley, with long odds against anything else, and 100 to'l offered against the Clarissa colt. Of course, your readers will have tbe full, truo, and particular accounts of tbe race which appear in the English sporting papers, and a few words from me will suffice. The running was made first by Exchequer, and then by Cnrisbrook, as long as each was able to lie in front; but is soon as Carisbrook gave way, the two favourites went on by themselves, Marquis having a shade the best of it to tbe Stand, whore Buckatone beaded him, upon which Fordham Eulled eut bis whip to make doublv sure, and hit his orae once ; the moment he did so, Buckatone ' curled himself np like a hedgehog,' aad tried no more, thereby just enabling Marquis, who struggled gamely as a pebble, to win by a bead. It was ' a sight to see,' but most of those who did Bee it agree with mo tbat had Fordham sat still and kept bis whip quiet, . ho conldn't have lost. Tbe time, 3m. 22a., was nothing wonderful. Livingstone then canteredawayfrom three brutes, and My Mary polished off a good field of fourteen in tbe Corporation Plnte, including Cowley, Ducat, and a lot more. Tbe Queen's Plate was tbe next event upon tbc card, and produced tbe only blot upon this otherwise most successful meeting, Caller Ou, upon whom 2 to 1 was laid, having been deliberately pulled, by which Gorso was enabled to win. How is it such things can be done openly in high places, nnd under the very noses of all our turf magnates? On the Thursday, in the Eglinton Stakes for twos and threes, that fine filly, The Orphan, won easily, having behind her some very good horses, Dirt Cheap, Zetland, Wlngrave, Cairncastle, Golden Dust, etc, etc., a performance which must strengthen Lot i Clifden'a position in the Derby price current. Tbe n'eeting of Asteroid and Tim WhifHer in the 300 Sov. Plate, caused some lively speculation, but the result proved the correctness of tbe Ascot running, ns the old horee never bad a ghost of a chanco with the untiring Tim. So much was thought of tho pace in this race, that Silkatone, who ' whipped in' to the pair throughout, and who was beaten off half a dozen lengths nt last, was immediately installed first favourite for the Cesarewitch on the strength of her having lived with Asteroid nudTim thraugh the' race. Twenty-ona Btnrtcd for the Portland Plate, but still the backers of borsea managed to pick out tbe winner in Queen of Trumps by King of Trumps, one of the fastest milors we have out. Argonaut wns a hot favourite fur the Doncaster Stakes on the Friday, but the brute wouldn't try ; and Polynesia, n slashing Kingston (Illy of Lord Chesterfield's, won cleverly; Biickenhnud second. Later in the day, kovrever. Argonaut put 500 iovs. to his owner's credit by winning a 200 sovs. Sweepstakes, against Citadel and one of Lord Glasgow's. Th) in and out running of the three year old mares this year w»s still further confused by Impeintiice beating Hurricane, Polynesia, Bertha, etc., in the Park Hill Stakes; Timo will, I suppose, show wli'cli wns the best; at present, an Lord Dundreary would s.iy, 'It's one of those things no fcllnh can mnko out.' Tho style in which Tim Whiffler bowled over Huckfltono, giving him 41b, Carisbrook giving him 71b, Zetland giving him 21b, as well as Gorao, Wallace, and Brahmin, in tlio Doncasler Cup, proves him indisputably to bo tho best horse in England ; nn opinion which, you will remember, I formed as soon as he won tbo Cheater Cup. Entremot's victory over tho flying Lady Clifden in tlio Town Plate, albeit the latter gave four stono within two pounds for tbo year, was a heavy blow to her ladyship's party; tbe bent, however, cannot do im possibiiilios. We are likely to have a brilliant autumn wind-up to the racing leaeon at Newmarket, as tbe Ceaarewitch, Cambridgeshire, and Great Eastern Railway Handicap will b« sure te produce good fields; and, in addition to this, thero are somo moat interesting matches to be run off. Hurricane against Feu de Joie, Sit 71b ; each £00, p.p. Buckstone v. Knnwaloy, 500, h. ft., 8at 71b each. Cnmbrook...83t 121b v Exchequer. 8st 71b, 500, 200 ft. Asteroid, four yenra, Oit 41b v. Knowiley, throe jours, 8st Gib, 500, h. ft., and aevernl more. Yon will bo glad to hear that Groen, of Sydney*, ia at last matched agninst R. Chambers, to row from Putney to Mortlako for .£'200 a aide. Green is very well and lull of confidence. 1 always liked his pulling, nnd should not bo a bit surprised to see the cabbage-treo victorious. Only fancy, if ho did win, tho scone nt O'BrienV, when tho news got out. Thero'd bo a run upon the Moet nnd Chnndon Hint night I know. Marshall's proposal to Georgo Parr, to take out a team of cricketers to Melbourne, I understand meets with approbation, nnd I fully expect will bo accepted. Thero is nothing now in the P.R. Tbo Championship Match continues, but presents no new phase. Both men express the utmost confidence) in the result, and both nre, I believe, taking every caro of themselves. I know King i.«, though be. as well as Mace, are still ' starring it iu the provinces.' I nm told that Tom Snj-crs is 'wasted to nothing' from drinking, but it is many months since I saw him, so only give you tho gossip for what it is worth. 