' i DOESTICKS UPON CRICKET. 1 Tho following aro some of Doesticka thoughts "Upon seeing a cricket mitoh." The article Pppenred in tlio Herald of the 18th ' January, 1853, but as it will bp new to many of- our rendera, and as criekot is tlio engrossing topic of ' the dny, wo make no apology for republishing it : — " I havo heard o goad deal about tho manly sports of ..'Merrio England,' nnd have ul ways had a, great respoct for experts in the athletic games of tlio Britishers.' Criekot' lm9 boon specified ns a gamo' requiring the greatest pos sible-quickness -of oyo- and! activity of. limb; nnd I - lmvo heretofore looked upon it as - a glorious , sport, full of intense though inoeuous oxcitcm'ont-i In my Unib-likc iniioocnco I linvo always, until yestorday, 'supposed ' cricket'' to bo - "a diversion,, nn ; uimisemcnt, ,n- pastime, a holiday, roaroation, , nnd. nothing _ but ...ocular deinoustratioii could have convinced mo of 'my greit'inistakci -Two famous. ' Eloveiis' were to play a match at Hobbkon ;; crack. meu-on both ' sides/; ' ietivf : net I j ' 'apanifij? ' VP.fM prophesy- ing- great tliuigi ; resolred/to disappointed, . and, I may ..say, disgitsteu. Cricket, isi'ot a game ; it is a popular falluey to supp'oso it is'y biit it'is" n:.6oienin ceremony periodically performed with the greatest serious'- noss by. deluded Englishmen - who think they nro .linying .fan, ., Fun ! A oriekotcr. lias no, mora appreciation of genuine -y«» thaii a dead jackass lias of a' faiioy hornpipe. Griinarotho orickblers,-and desponding, smilelcss, dejcctccl; forlorn, und bilious. Tlio . l'ilgrim Fatliors, holding an out-door prayer m -cting on a sido- hill, in four ' feet of snow in tho middle of Fobruary, wore a g ay sot of jolly dogs, com pared to those rueful criokoting -Englishmen, out for n dpy.'a pleasure. A, Now. York inur- der-triui, or a ICoiituok hanging "match would bo a roaring faree by tlio sido -of tho -'sportive tragedy of these two crack ' Eloveiis.' Tho ghost of 'Hamlet's, falhor, and, tho speotro of the murdered Banquo, talking over their pri-. vnlp matters ot midniglit, by the light of, blue fire', would loek guy midTcstir'o when 'likened to tlio Hoboken- cricket ground, witli u1 match ill progress! . Cricket !— Well, lioranfcor when I want a synoniquo for nil thnt is intolerably dull /and, stupid, I shiill s ly, Orifckot. Wlien I want to 'express a-'grand ciimnx of- spiritless dejection, I a hull remark, !Oricket. IVlion I desire to say, of. some man; against -wlieui I have a mortal spite, that bo. is grim visnged, jaundiced, iiiolaneh'olie.'dismai, and flat, I sliall simply call him d cricketer, and then I shall dodge. .-And if niiy .m-iti accuscs mo in like mannor, -I sliall take- out n warrant .for, defa mation of character, niid siio liim' for "mdli- piously damaging'- ray "reputation to a huge extent.-' '- : ! "' ' - ' ! ; ",I went to- Hoboken, with Damphool, who, altliough an Ainorican. is a-cricket.'r. He told me I would see' .great sport. Got to thy ground, bestowed ' myself under a' tre?, wliilo Damphobl' went to tho:-club'houso to attire himself. '- Presently he appeared ngahi, dressed in white flannel from.hpad to. foot- Ho had a jockey cap oii liis head, .and buckskin slippers on .liis feet.' J ust before tlio game cbinmoncod lie tied W b'odquiit ; oh oaeli leg,- 'and 'put .'on eomo leather gloves.-. Then,- the. people took their-'places, the mon yho .were not. bowling all took. the same position, with tlieir hands on tlieir kiioos, nnd their chins, eleyat'edjitan nngle of forty-five dcgreis. - Then tlio umpire culled oiit ' play,'- then tho bowler, .'a1 disboartonod- looking man, took up, the -ball,', whioh was as hard as. a brick, und throw it with afi'hi3 might at a higubrip'us individual witli a two-handed puddiugistiek in 'liis grasp, wlio stood in-front of sbmo little sticks whiohr.worb stuck ' in the ground like rtn unfinished lieu coop. There .wore two- melancholy bowlers,- two drooping b itsinon, and two uii(inisli--cl hen coops. IVIien the dejected man saw tlio ballcoming, lio inado a poko at it with his puddihg- stiok, hilt didn't liit- it'; then lie sadly rested from liis . labours, ! while a number of doleful nien on tho othor .side .wearily sougji.t 'for the .ball. Then the other bowler, "with :a 'sad 'eoiintsnanee," threw tlio ball at the otlioi" gloomy batsman,- who ma'dbiinoUicr dispirited' poko .at- it with his .pudding-stick--; this timo lie ..hit it ; , then lie ran towards tho other hen coop, wliilo. tho mail nt his . ond ran to his hen coop. 'Thou tlio marker put doWn one mark for his side ; then thoy all rested 'in desponding silenio forfivomiiiutos, during which.timp. everybody -religiously kept mournfully stiff., .X'pxpected tpffioar some one lead'in" prayer, . or begin an : oxhortntion, or oonimeheo reading'the'Burral Sprvioei'o'r somo -inspiriting' thing": of- that- kind; but;. no one volunteered ;un.v amusement, - and -pretty soon! tho downcast playerg resumed tho myBtories bf- crickct.. There wos. more throwing at the lien coops, and pretty souirdnb was knookod down.' Then tlio ba'sman, who ought , to have stood! btforo it and stopped tho.ball, with .the, bed-1 quilts on his legs, wa9 declared ,to he. f. out.'. Tlion he ro'.ired discomfited, -while the rest of his cloven' set up a dismal groan. 'Then Dam phool- went in and took- thei-'pudding'-stick; Then tlio grave msn- throw. tlio- ball ut Dam- . ihool. Dainphool poked at it, manfully ; then; lc ran for tlio other lien coop1, ' arid -tho man who presided at tho othor pudding-stick ran for his' lieii ciop. T|io.: bed-quilts on Dum .phool's legs interfered ..with liis speed/and ho didn't get uloiig. very'.fast'; so tho man jien- Sivcly took tho ball and'' knocked down Dam- phool'B lien coop ;, tlion Damphool .was- f ont.' Thoy persoyered iu: this .jocularity until suni sot, at - whielutiuie , the funeral, state of things chine 1 jin end. Tlieu, tho eleven 'wlio3e puddiiig-stiek men had made the most/jour neys betweon the hen-coop's, 'were declared to be tho winners;, .thoy then, untied tho bed-, quilts from their, legs, took. off. their flannels, and went lioraai "This ii 'hll "there ' is' of '(lie gmno bf .cricket'. It' may bs' a. very.' .brisk ' amusbnlont ' for. some, man ; but 1. would , as - soon think ol taking a jleasure rido in /a hcayse, or going to a. dozen pdJestrian funorals for a day's pleasure, as of' participating in!" the' gloomy ceremonies' of Pricket for: the 'same' lpngth'of lime." : '! The Cricket, ;Man.ia.— Groat anxioty ap-. ;pqars.. to be, .evinced, by . tho Cas'tlcmainp. e'ribkoters at tho pvogres's 'bf-tho inateli now ponding in Melbourne. Their spirits rise and' fall- in -proportion, as tho. various tolegraiba rocoiyod in toyyn describe tlio, successes of tho Mqlbounio cricketers or othorwiso. ' A strong opinion'is oxpross'ed1 tliat tho crickoters of this district will,: on their own ground/ give a good : account!. of .-.tho -Eleven, who cannot boex- pootod. to-play.sp.well on an unevpn ns pii evon surface. — Casllemdine Advertiser, 3rd Jan." | .. i 033eh5i-in of a iiorsk ReCOYERED. — (a person wh'o has /been working as 4 painter 'at Learmon't.h fdr"somol'time''past, gavo' informa tion to Mr; Solleck, at1. Buninyong, that llr. M'ICay,. lnndtordjof the, Stag, hotel, had in his possession at horse belonging; to .him, that.h'ud been lost some firo years ' ago. "Mr. M'Kay hasj bien'.w'drkingvithev animil - during that 'period, and says, hp found it on his run.- Mr. .Sellock .wcnt ovor. to.Leartpontln in the early pirt of this week and" took possession oftho animal, tliroPtening, as \ro 'aro informed, ;nn lialibn fbr' LlOO for thb uso'of' tho mare- dUrhib tho. pEriodj'slie";had been 'lost; — Balladrat .Iribune, 4th January. ., .-7 . ,i , A Too .Cospioir Danger, VpOno of Mrs. Roberts' 'children', a boy 'about (our years of age, on'.NcIv''Yoii'r's Dny was ! heard ;to make tlio remark. to' one of his 'companions that he wpuhlpross'the road before ,tho Oastlemaino oonuh, which was jiisL coming nt full, .speed, hal reached Anthony's hotol. 'No sooner had jhe said tlio wordB tlian ho .was scon running acrossjtho.road, -when -.lie wos knocked down by one of the lead -rs and wsb also struck by one of tho'whei-lcrs, when, through the prompt assistance of Mr. C. Colorick, the coaoli agent, lio wus_ rescued from impending death, his , body being closo to tho front wheel. Tho boy's escape appeared miraculous.'— Qresaick Ad vertiser. 3rd Jan. .- Animal |ii'EECHON. — On Christmas-day, a pup, playing in the Miiin strcot, wai run oyer by a cart and killed. Tho mother drag ged it to the 'sido of tho roalway, and kept ' oonstant'watoh over it till yesterday afternoon. For nearly two days she would allow no one to interfere witli her dead progeny, but fiercely attacked nny ot p who went n:ar it. — Jlurray Oaselte, 30:h Dec. 