RANDOM RECOLLECTIONS OF THE SESSION. BY AN M.P. OUT OF HARNESS. No. VIII.-- UNDER THE VERANDAH. Hie thee to the balcony of thy home, and there cool thy temper by its silence, as well as thy heated limbs with its shade.--Spanish maxim. The richest statesman wants wherewith to pay A servile sycophant, if well they weigh How much it costs the wretch to be so base; Nor can the greatest powers enough disgrace, Enough chastise, such prostitute applause If well they weigh how much it stains their cause. \--Young's Epistles to Pope. HOW softly soothing it is in this sub-tropical clime to come out of a close sultry room, in which the mind has been kept on the rack of attention for hours, and the physical frame enervated by an over- heated atmosphere, and enjoy the pure breeze of heaven, the glory of the solemn moon, and the peacefulness of God's grand empyrean! Often have I emerged, for a few delicious moments, from the hall of clamour, from the country's grand de- bating club, and drank in health and peace from my beautiful and bountiful mother nature. Old Sydney, too, in this witching time is full of peaceful shadows, or chastely touched with solemn light. St, James's spire, rearing its golden orb and holy cross above the mass of heavy gloom about it, points to a world where wrangling and rancour, selfishness and sorrow, shall cease, and purest joy abide for ever more. And then, the great city lying in sublime silence-- the silence of human nature taking rest, to begin the battle of life afresh--is sure to suggest con- soling thoughts to the burdened mind, and awake in one's soul aspirations for the better life in the better land. I am not ashamed of these reflec- tions, for they have often forced themselves upon me, or rather slid, like dew from heaven, into my over-burdened breast; and, under their influence, I thanked the good God, in the fulness of my grati- tude and my joy, for making the world so fair, and, further, for making our poor human hearts capable of realizing all this beauty. The beauty has often and often encircled me, like a zone of heavenly light; and peace came not only out of the soft moon and white stars, but from the deep shadows also, for both typified the human struggle--both told, in their mute eloquence, of the darkness that surrounds, and the supernal hopes which illumine our earthly struggles. Alas! too often hath a dark mass of cloud dimmed the face of heaven; too often hath a wall of ebon gloom, symbolic of the unseen and impenetrable, been thrown up between me and the light, and my attention recalled to earth by the sudden change. Once on this poor orb again--once called back from the mind's pilgrimage amongst the stars--such poor human music as Dangar's voice, or Egan's laugh, or little Driver's giggle, was sure to greet me. And, then, Allen's presence, the younger Garret's unsettled eye, the self-satisfied features of the premier's son,--these, or other kindred and equally painful realities, were sure to present them- selves, and thus rob one of nine-tenths of the bliss which the scene around him had inspired. I have never strolled from the Assembly's hall of debate, on to the verandah, without some such cruel actuality occurring to drag me from my aerial steed, and bring me back to the artificial and not alto- gether natural life which circumstance have induced me to lead. The verandah of our parliament is a poor affair by day--indeed, the whole facade of the country's senate house is mean and shabby. It is out of all form of beauty and order of architecture. It is eminently suggestive of those tenebrous days of Australia when parallelograms of red brick edifices were built by felon hands, and a mock kind of sun- defence pitched up against them--a wretched roof of wood or zinc, supported on attenuated pillars of iron- bark, on which the burning sun had inflicted many a blister, and beneath which the sun can peer when- ever he lists, so unskillfully have the roofs of old Sydney buildings been constructed. Poor days of ignorance and suffering, we may well lament over you; but our profound sorrows must never lead us to forget your faults, or bury your misdoings under a mass of insincere affectations. What a sorry piebald face has our double-tiered parliamentary balcony by day. On what may be called the ambulacrum, the ground floor, there is "next to" no protection against the post-meridian sun, and little against westerly showers; while up above, on the second story, there are a series of deal cupboards, rough wooden cases, which have often puzzled outsiders to know their uses. Many persons look upon them as sentry-boxes, others (doubtless, less imaginative people), have supposed they are wardrobes for the clerks' semi-forensic finery; some very vulgar persons have fancied that they are entrances to the mysterious halls of Dame Cloacina; and, lastly--proh! pudor, proh! dolor--there have not been a few impious enough to believe that honor- able members use them as fairy bowers in which, like a certain venerable lawmaker of old, a few generous Egerias meet them, and console them amidst their stern public labours. It is needless and bootless to dwell on the external appearances of our verandah, or consider the uses of its mysterious presses, or whatever the nondescript wooden erections just mentioned may be called; its character as a place of congress during the last session did not arise from these--it arose from the kind of business done there--from the nature of the scenes nightly enacted under its roof. Under the verandah! Under the verandah an hour before the noon of night! That is the time to study a large section of our "collective wisdom." Supper is over--Jessop's punch has been copiously swallowed--Buchanan has added the concentrated essence of scorpion's froth to the seething cauldron of debate within--and all the bronze foreheads are in high blood, and are on their metal. They meet--they talk--they joke--they jabber--they grin--they growl--they play the buffoon, the monkey, the gorilla --or the pranks of other less manlike animals-- and otherwise demean themselves, as the representa- tives of the worst passions of the country. I will not group them as I have often seen them stand. I will not put little Hart, the overgrown pigmy, the myrmidon of Faucett and the cautious catholic party, in his eternal semi-clerical long black coat, the centre of a group of which heavy country members, like the Ryans and Flett, are sure to be the circumference. I will not place Sir Sapo Allen vis-a-vis with the man and member whose complexion his "dips" outvie in brilliancy of colour--to wit, Hogskin. I will not set up Dan Egan and his half-Hibernian brass band, in whose voices a hundred horrible war- cries of the old Milesian period seem to have dwindled into as many gutteral grunts. I will not bring the "dandies" of the Assembly on the pave- ment, or cause Clark Irving and the rowdies to wander forth to the rails, and there talk soft non- sense at the pink-clad peris of the neighbouring pavé. No! My present memorial of the verandah must only extend to it as a place of business. It is under the verandah (?) representatives of the people meet the "mouth-pieces" or talkers of parties. These mouth-pieces are monstrous nuisances. They are always in one's way. When- ever they meet you, they give you a gorgon look, which doesn't, indeed, turn you to stone, but, never- theless, makes you feel amazingly cold and uncom- fortable. That look, being interpreted, means "I [meaning the owner of the look] am one of those who made you an M.P.; I raised you, and, by the ghost of Robespierre, if you don't mind what you are about I'll unmake you." A noisy, importunate, obstinate, whiskey-swigging herd are these intrepid mouth- pieces. They are, of course, all outsiders-- the bracen trumpets of extreme parties. The most intolerable is a smug-faced, florid complexioned, self- satisfied cockney, of the name of Cane--Fred Cane, who once immortalised himself, and the stump on which he stood, "by looking back into futurity." This dreadful talker is a hero on our verandah. He has never less than three members about him, and he holds them all enchained--enthralled--bound by the influence of his wordy spell. Chatter, chatter! gabble, gabble! words upon words! out rushes the stream of cockney common-places, vulgarisms, and impertinences. A dark-skinned, black-haired, sharp-featured Scotch auctioneer, of the name of Allan--Andrew Allan, to wit,--is another "bright particular" meteor of the verandah. He used "to be all there" last session with Markham and Hos- kins, and other expectants of the milk of ministerial kindness. Allan is like a mosquito. His words simply irritate you--they leave no lasting wound behind. He is what a Scotch friend of mine calls a midge, and nothing more or less. As some of my readers may not know what a midge means, I may as well give my Scotch friend's lucid explanation of the creature. "It's a wee cre'tur, wi' a' the fleet- ness of a flea, the malice of the pismire, and the dhrum of the bee. It stings as it flies, and flies away before ye can squash it." This is Allan, the auctioneer--exactly like him. "Birds of a feather flock together" on our verandah. The members of extreme parties meet the mouth-pieces of those parties, and a mighty white-man's corroboree takes place, in which human creatures make strange facial contortions, fling up their hands wildly in the air, and become the authors of other grotesque exhi- bitions quite worthy of the movement of monkeys enjoying a monkeys' country, or forest, dance. The mouth-pieces have decreased very much of late. Some of them have been starved into taking situations up the country, like Arkins and a few more of the torch-bearers; others have gone to England, like Ben James, and a stout, heavily-whis- kered fellow, with a kind of buff hair and dirty white face, whose patronymic I forget; many have been beatified--that is to say, have got billets, like Clunes G. Reid and Blackman, both of whom have been "translated" from the moil and toil of rough political life to the quiet existence which custom-house officers enjoy. Although the mouth-pieces have grown less numerous, the rowdyism of the verandah towards midnight has not a whit decreased. Short Cum- mings, of Bathurst, comes out grandly there, and delivers political homilies and disquisitions on the grievances of the west, in a tone quite loud enough to be heard by old John Dalley over the way. Hoskins, too, is "cock of the walk" on the veran- dah. He spouts poetry, talks bosh, and swears like a trooper, whenever he becomes a midnight peripate- tic philosopher there, and tries to reason some obstinate knotty body like Grey into his own large views. Our verandah is a fitting peristyle to our hall of clamour. It is regularly, about midnight, a scene of noisy contention--of acrimonious remark-- of bitter retort--of irreverent and often blasphemous fun, or what is intended for fun. It brings the toughs of the House and the rowdies of the town amicably together; and we all know that when birds of the cackling kind do come together great is the harmonious gabble-gobble they improvise. On council nights, that is to say when the senators of the iron house are met to deliberate, Greek is sure to meet Greek. Some of the great men of the Lords are sure to meet and mingle with the great men of the Commons; walk together under the roof of our verandah; talk big and look large; ad- mire their shoes or rings, or pull out heavy gold watches, and look at them as if time were to them (the men, not the watches,) a matter of moment. It is a dreary time when this reunion takes place. I always cut the verandah as soon as I decently can, whenever such an unpleasant event occurs. Why? because I am so afraid to be hooked on for half an hour by one of the lords, and compelled to hear him waste his wisdom on a "luckless lug." I will only refer to another feature of our verandah, and as a mere reference will suffice to illustrate this aspect of my subject, I will content myself with quoting the following Mem. from my Letts':-- Friday----- Great muster of place-hunters on verandah-- weather warm. Fleas lively in House.--B----- challenges H to fight (with fists).--Z---- drunk--D---- not sober.--Arnold (?)--Cowper bit nails.--Great rush for pipe-lights when House broke up.--Somebody trod on Mr. Raper's (Ned of Bull- i's) corns: Ned swore at him in Mæso-Gaelic most fluently. Several members rush to night hostelries, to pay their respects to liquid bishops.--A few seek bowers of beauty in (?) street, ----- alley, or ------ lane.--Crigley asks me for five (?) lend it him to prevent a second demand on me; Hoskins borrows Driver's tobacco; Speaker went away very grand, with compressed lips, full of dignity, and wearing white cotton (?). Need I say more on this topic? Shall I add other touches to my rapid picture? No--no! Enough is enough--there are sufficient outlines given--to enable the reader to form an idea of what regularly occurs under our verandah when the House is in session. With this picture before us, we cannot very confi- dently deny the truth of the following remarks from the pen of Peter Possum, in the Scotsman newspaper of December 18th, 1862:-- Melbourne journals are either far ahead of their New South Welsh contemporaries in the art of washing their dirty political linen(?) at home, or else the Melbourne M.P.'s.--notwithstanding the reputation for rowdyism which the younger colony possesses--never descend to the blackguardism which those who assemble in Sydney are so fond of indulging in. At any rate(?) we never heard of a Victorian Premier bandying the lie with a private member, and hinting at on appeal to pistols for (?) after the fashion of Mr. Cowper, of Sydney, recorded in the (?) received parliamentary summary of the Sydney Morning Herald, or read in a Melbourne paper, such an epigrammatic (?)lation of ruffianism as we find in the following extract (?) the source referred to:-- Mr. Holt, in replying, accused Mr. Buchanan of having on one occasion threatened to strangle him. Mr. Buchanan complained(?) that Mr. Holt had called him a 'blackguard.' " (?) ambo! 