THEATRICAL AMENITIES. (SATURDAY REVIEW.) One of the most agreeable days of the last season was that which was devoted to thereto of the Royal Dramatic College at the Crystal Palace, There was a fancy fair in which all the most popular actresses in London held stalls. It had been announced that Blondin who was then at the height of glory, was to be outdone by Mr. J. L. Tools, who undertook to carry Mr. Paul Bedford (immensely ele- vated) across the Falls of Niagara. We do not happen to know what became of this portion of the programme, but it is obvious that one item of the performance, viz , the elevation of Mr. Paul Bedford, was undeniably within the resources of the management. There was also Aunt Sally, and Cheap Jack, and a peep show, and above all there was a thrilling melodrama of the good old Bartlemy fair time, called " The Midnight Spectre, or the Fatal Secret, in which the fair Gemma, the Pearl of Padua, daughter of the Baron de Spartivento, and " the cause of much misery," was to be por scarified by Mr. Paul Bedford, while actors of equal talent in their line were to represent a ruffian and a ghost. We had conceived in our own mind the wish that the Royal Dramatic College might prosper greatly, but still that its exchequer might not become so overflowing as to relieve it from the obligation of organising once a year, a fete in which the true Richardson-st drama might be revived, with, if possible, a companion part to the Pearl of Padua provided in it for Mr. Paul Bedford. It seems, however, that the Era newspaper, to which is attributed the high function of being the " organ of dramatic morals," was of different opinion in this matter from ourselves. The Kra considered that dramatic morals, or, at all events, dramatic dignity, was impaired by the performance of the most amusing drama of the year. It declared that an entertainment, of which the mere mention is sufficient to excite laughter, was degrading to the the musical profession, and had inflicted a. deep injury on the Dramatic College which it was supposed to have largely benefitted. It had moreover, the unkindness to suggest that the holding of stalls in a fancy fair by ladies, was no better than thimble rigging, and that even the presence of of that venerable personage Aunt _ Sally could not secure this entertainment from contempt. We think this was very hard measures, and so it appears thought Mr. Benjamin Webster, who as Chairman of the Committee of the fete, felt himself personally aggrieved by the news strictures. A quarrel consequently occurred between Mr. Webster and the editor of the sea and as other and simpler modes of settling quarrels are now as obsolete as Bartlemy Fair, the disputants were reduced to have recourse to the Court of Queen's Bench, where an action brought by the editor against Mr. Webster for a libel has resulted in a verdict for 15. damages. It appeared that Mr. Webster had applied to the guardian of dramatic morals, in a hand bill, the disparaging epithet of " a very low minded person ;" and in pleading to this action he undertook to justify this epithet by alleging that the Era had stated-as indeed it had that there was tl,imoleriggiugi in the Crystal Palace fete, and further that it was in the habit of inserting puffs at 6d. per line, and of publishing demoralising advertisements, It is, perhaps, surprising, and it certainly is gratifying, to find that the machinery of special pleading adapts itself so readily to the purposes of enabling one litigant to give what is vulgarly called " a bit of his mind to the other. If ever lawyers bills were paid by clients without a murmur, we should think that the bills for this, notion ought to be, for certainly both plaintiff and defendant have had the" fullest possible value for their money which the nature of the case admitted. The editor of the Era has had the opportunity of recalling the theatrical profession to a due sense of its own dignity, by the mouths of some of the most eloquent counsel at the bar, and he has obtained from the Lord Chief Justice of England a declaration of his opinion that the object of a fancy fair is to got money per (as out needs, and that the conduct of the ladies who hold stalls is " more or less a sort of thimblcrigging," We really hope that this ruling of the Head of the Common Law will not be too deeply taken to heart by ladies, whether they may belong to the theatrical or the religious world, who may contemplate bartering smiles and nicknacks for gold and silver at the fancy fairs of the ensuing season. We venture to suggest that this opinion of the Lord Chief Justice was nothing more than what is called by lawyers an obiter dictum, not required for the decision of the point before him, and therefore not entitled to the authority which belongs to a solemn judgment of the Court. If, indeed, it had been such a judgment, we feel certain that Mr. Webster's counsel, on behalf of the ladies of England, would have taken measures to bring it under the revision of a higher Court. No tribunal loss august than the House of Lords, assisted by all the judges, can be competent to decide the question fraught as it is with incalculable opiis.equonco so many valuable charities. whether the proceedings at a fancy fair can be properly compared to thiniblorigging. However, the editor of the Fra his enjoyed the exquisite satisfaction of seeing his stern censorship supported by the authority of the Lord Chief Justice and Mr. Webster, on the other hand, has been indulged with an opportunity of ass sting, and, so far as he could of proving in open court, that his antagonist is " a very low-minded person," and the editor of a journal which depends on " the pitiful resources," of free advertisements and pulls " to maintain its limited circulation." The opportunity for the utterance by Mr. Webster of the alleged libel arose in this way, Mr. J. L. Poole, a member of Mr. Webster's company, who had promised. to gratify the visitors to the for? by appearing as. Cheap > Jack, was about to take a benefit at the New I I A Delphi Th acre. In consequence of the day's pleasure which Mr. Webster felt at the East efforts to maintain dramatic dignity, he expressed to Mr Toole a wish that the proposed benefit should not be advertised in the Era That non paper, however inserted an adver-, firemen of the benefit without authority or payment, whereat Mr. Webster was prov Wed into distributing in his theatre a handbill containing the alleged libel. In order to millie it clear that the Era had no authority to advertise the benefit. Mr. Toole was called to state the purport of a conversation which he and Mr. Paul Bedford had held with the editor. On cross-examination, one of those points arose which counsel always deem it their duty to investigate with a minuteness which appears to the ordinary observer to be increased in proportion as the importance of the point in question is inappreciable. The witness stated that during the conversation the three parties to it had had a glass of sherry together. The witness was hereupon desired to recollect himself, and state whether or not the wine drank on this occasion, instead of being sherry, was champagne. Counsel, no doubt, as he put this question, would glance impressively towards the jury, as much as to imply that they were coming to something really important, now. It is said that Sir William Garrow once involved a very embarrassing witness in contradiction, by beginning to enquire whether he did not have cold beef for luncheon, and whether he did not take mustard with his cold beef. It would be impossible to pronounce, without hearing the whole case through, whether the question of what wine three gentlemen drank during a call on one of them, did or did not tend to show how far that one deserved to be called by a fourth gentleman " a very low, minded person," who was capable of having recourse to " pitiful res forces" to maintain the limited circulation of his newspaper The question however being supposed to be capable of turning out important, it was obviously the duty of counsel to investigate it to the utmost. One of the wits nesses in the case was M. F. F. Poole, the well-known toastmaster : but he was unable to throw any light upon the question raised upon his brother's evidence, inasmuch as the three gentlemen had motorship occasion the advantage of his valuable assistance to charge their glasses. However the gathering porplexityofthe'questioa whether it was sherry or whether it was champagne was summarily dissipated by the appearance in the witness-box of Mr. Paul Bedford, who declared it was both. M. Bedford was also able to lend some aid towards showing the groundlessness of the Era's condemnation of the fete, by stating that he at least had not forgotten what was due to dignity and decorum, for that the petticoats of the fair Gemma, the . Pearl of Padua, were of unexceptionable lengths This of course was a triumph for the defendant, and it was augmented by the suggestion that the plaintiff, whose anxiety to maintain decency on the stage, extended even to considering the length of the petticoats in which a gentleman played a lady's part, was in the habit of inserting in his newspaper advertisements which spoke to the initiated of matters very much more offensive to mortality, than the appearance on the stage of the Pearl of Padua in unduly abridged petticoats. It certainly does seem rather strange that a newspaper which is " the organ of dramatic morals," and which treats Aunt Sally and peep-shows with lofty scorn in one columns, should indicate in another column the address of a vendor of indecent photographs. Mr. Toole is censured for, as he has expressed it, " making a stupid of himself by acting Cheap Jack for a cha> pitiable object, while the censor lends his aid to any quack who is a tiling to contract for the puffing of his pills or ointment by the year. We certainly cannot see that either the " Hermit's Cave," or the " Tent of Mystery," at the Crystal Palace, in liable to the condemna- tion of a journal which is admitted to have hired itself, either knowingly or carelessly, as a guide to the cell of some recluse who is guilty of much more, than merely helping silly people to rid themselves of their superfluous cash. If the commodities sold at fancy fairs are useless, we apprehend that quick pills are also useless, and very nasty into the bargain. On the whole, we feel tolerably confident that the Royal Dramatic College and its fete will survive the indignation both of the editor of the Era, and of the correspondent who, under the initials " J. V." gave utterance to what Mr Webster rather strongly called an infamous falsehood," concerning the fancy fair. This correspondent, it appears, was not altogether insensible to the forcible language which Mr. Webster used for he subsequently sent him an apology, but having seen it without consulting the Era, he was charged by that paper in its next number with acting " so ungentlemanly" towards its editor. It would rather seem that Mr. Webster is a little apt to fling about big words at random, and, like the editor of the Era to disregard the conven- tionalities of style, A writer who charges another with acting so ungentlemanly" towards himself is reasonably open to what Mrs. Malaprop would call " an aspersion on his parts of speech and so when Mr. VI obstor calls an unauthorised publication of the advertisement of the benefit ' a gratuitous insult to mislead the public, we infer from this curious agglomeration of words, that Mr. Webster was in a passion when he had them put into his handbill, No doubt the act was in one sense ' gratuitous,' inasmuch as no charge was made for the advertisement ; but that can hardly be the sense in which Mr Webster meant to use the word. The Era might have stated with perfect truth that Mr, Paul Bedford's performance of the character of the fair Gemma was " gratuitous," but he would scarcely have conveyed by that epithet the full force of the reprobation which the " organ of dramatic morals" desired to pronounce against that incident of the. fete. The sumo? the whole matter is, that these parties were very angry, and-to usa one more vulgar phrase they have now <? had it out" in open Court, and it is to be hoped that the storm has cleared the atmosphere. Inteenatioval X Division -We learn that ft now corps of Metz opohtan Police to be called the X division, is in process of oniolmout.for theXtraordi navy Xyonciea of the Xlubition of 1863 The ideal image of Policeman X will thus be tendered an Xiatonti canty Our Xcoipt, which is Xoeed singly Tact and Xplictt in its position of detail Xphuns that the Xtm force is expected to consist of four hundred men, XUusive of inspectors and sergeants, so that the letter of the division will not express an unknown quantity. We need not expatiate on the expediency of Xtiomo care in Xecutmg Sir Richard Mayne's order, which directs the extension of the Listing constabulary. Xplo tives may well be XcludeJ from an examination of thoXpeumout Xemplaiy Superintendent Durkin whosoXpct actice Xteuds over a vastXpauso of time, will Xoictso his Xpoit qualifications in Xpoditing the formation of the new X division, into which he will, it is said, Xchange Without (leaning Xtra vaguely to Xtol the Xcellent officer in question, we may X'ioit all under him to Neil themselves in following his Temple Their duty will be Keep tionable and its Xteut Xcesoively difficult to Xaggoiato Under Xaspoiating and Xciting mp. cumstances, they will not be Xcmpt morn, the Xorciso of Xti some patience. NoXcossof behaviour over so Xocrablo, Xhibilod by Xcentuo or has rated Xcuisiomsts, will Xouso Xacerbation or Xonerato the officers of the X Division from mildness in the Xecutiou of their functions. Xubeiauco on the part of of thou will be no Xculpation as regards themselves, and they must not Xclmm against enjoyable duty. Xplosions of temper are faults which cannot be extenuated. They may Xpostulato with extravagantly disposed persons, boarding then address with a mild Xoidium, and Xpaudin,; till they have Xbausted peisuasivoXpicssions, but they should not Xpol anybody on his Apmfo helling, though they may show him they way of it the cost, of extinguishing discord will tend to the tenor of the Xhibition, and oppor tunitiLS of distinguishing Xploits maybe Xttactod from the necessity of Xtuoating Xalted individuals and Xotic Xquisities from Xcruoiating ngoiuoo in the crowd They may also win the tmwkiof Xlubitois and the Xtoiual Public, by treating, Xoibitiint Xtoitionois, who are by no means strict, and who dosed \ o to be terminated. The X division will bear these rules in mind. If Xpostd many violation of them, they may be expunged from the force, and left to Xpiato their misdeeds in Nile, ceasing thus to be an Xpenca to the Exchequer, and at the same time, Xemplifymg the Xpeihoncy of Xactmg obedience to laws which are Xtant The New York Chamber of Commerce has passed a complimentary resolution to Mr John Bright, for the (eat less than ner in which he has defended, before the people of England and in the British Parliament, the principles of constitutional liberty and international justice, for the maintenance of which the American people are contending. "in 