HOW I BECAME A CRICKETER. (By one of the English Eleven in Bell's Life in Victoria \- A TotraoER son of a younger son, I found myself, at the age of twenty-six, with a profession, a very small income, and no practice ; but hoping still, as others had done before I studied on, always sticking to the office to be ready for any business, should the goddess of Fortune think fit in one of her freaks to favour me With so desirable a commodity, which she at last did I got a beginning, and if I had worked and studied hard before, I now made myself almost a slave to my profession; for was there not in the distance the prettiest pair of bright eyes combined with the most lovely face-that I sometimes in my wildest dreams hoped at no distant period to call my own I But " all work and no play makes Jack a dull boy and the author might have added a sickly one too-and so, after two years of intense mental application, I found myself one evening riding home to my little villa, by Kennington, feeling altogether unwell, though unable to discover the cause, My appetite was pretty good, my sleep unbroken, but somehow in the morning I always seemed to wake more tired than when I went to bed. It so happened that on this evening I found, on my arrival at home, a note from my friend Newman (a young doctor, whose acquaintance I had made at college, and had renewed upon finding that he resided in the same locality as myself), inviting me to spend the evening with him, his wife having gone to visit a relation at Colchester. I accepted the invitation joyfully, for I found myself certainly in no humour for study. We were old friends now, as he often ran over to spend an evening with me-as he said-to cheer me up in my bachelor lodgings. After our usual greeting of " Well, old fellow, how are you ? "-a question, of course, which we never answered Newman asked, in his jocular way, if I had swal showed a ghost, as I most certainly looked like one I took but little notice of the remark passing it off by saying, I supposed a hard day's work had made me feel and look a little tired. We spent a very pleasant evening, and I rose to take my leave, when Newman, looking at me seriously, and beginning with the preface that he hoped he had now known me long enough, not to be misunderstood, told me in plain words that I was overworking myself, and that. if I continued to do so much longer I should soon be unable to do any work at all. I admitted that I did not feel well, although I could not account in any way for so doing and begged his advice as to what course I should pursue, and that he would pre- scribe for me-to which he replied, " No ! no ! my dear fellow, I don't want you as a patient, for I could do you but little good. The disease suggests its own remedy. Close confinement in an office all day, and closer" study at night, suggests at once re- laxation for body and mind exercise and plenty of fresh air." "But, my dear fellow, how am I to get these; I am too poor to keep a horse, and if I take walking exercise my mind is continually at work on my last readings." " Certainly that is an objection, and although there are many other ways of attaining -the object, the right one does not at once strike me. Billiards would employ your mind, and give you ex crease, but the close atmosphere of a billiard-room I should certainly not recommend. Rowing would be better, but that has the objection of not only being nearly as expensive as housekeeping, but also of being, if anything, rather too violent an exercise in your present state, the continued exertion being, I am con- indent, more than you could manage with any degree of pleasure to yourself." "I fear it would," I exclaimed, dim recollections of blistered hands, are, floating before me. I have it," he cried, " I have it, old fellow just the thing can follow it at your own time-no tides, grooms, or anything else to wait for can leave off when you feel tired, and be close to your own door. Cricket's the thing, my boy cricket ; play the same, and I'll stake my professional reputation that, with two or three hours on alternate days for a month, you will feel yourself a different man." "But, my dear fellow, I don't know anything about cricket ; I never played a game in my life. " That is no reason why you should not learn," He replied ; " and you remember Boles, our old college tutor at the game ; he is living in the neighbourhood, and would only be too happy to give you an hour or two's tuition at any time." I did remember Boles, but in another field than the cricket field (having had no taste for the game), for it was he who had shown me my first partridge, and many a good day's sport we had had together and I liked the idea ; so, promis- ing to give the matter serious consideration, I bade him good night, and was soon at home and fast asleep. It so happened that next morning, walking (for I had at once determined to walk instead of ride to the office) into town, I met Boles who had a short time before renewed our old acquaintance by employing me in my professional capacity in some little business in which I was fortunate enough to succeed. After some conversation (remembering Newman's advice) I arranged to meet him the next afternoon, at a well known ground in the neighbourhood, he promising to buy for me the necessary but, pads, and gloves. Behold me now at the appointed time, in company with Boles, arriving on the ground, where, he said, he had a capital wicket for me, where I could hit to leg." I nodded, giving him to understand I knew what he meant, though if he had spoken Cingalese he could not have puzzled me more as to his mean- ing. After some little difficulty in getting on my pads, and a narrow escape of falling on my nose, in consequence of my awkwardness, I stood in front of the wicket; there were others on the ground, but as they took no notice of us I did not care. Boles was soon in readiness, with the shirt sleeve of his right arm tucked as high as he could conveniently get it, and a new bright red ball in his hand. Thinking that all was now in readiness, I endeavoured to place myself in the most approved attitude, looking on either side of me at the others practising, and copying them as nearly as I could, when I was asked by Boles if I didn't " want guard?"-another of his Cingalese phrases, which was explained by Boles telling me to hold my bat upright ; having done which he informed me it was the " two off (still more puzzling). How ? ever, by Boles initiating the motions of the land used by captains of the river steamers, I was at last I got into position, Boles telling me I was all right, as I had got the two leg." I cannot say that during this time I had felt anything like comfortable. Once or twice I had a flying ball within an inch or two of my head, while another had hit me fair between the two shoulders, giving me a pain there something like rheumatism ; but I would not he daunted, and having seen a fresh neighbour hit the ground two or three times very hard with his bat, I thought I could not be wrong in doing so myself, especially as I found it gave me a spice of confidence, and I hoped might be some intimidation to the defiant Boles, who now, after calling play," I perceived was running frantically towards me, for what purpose I wondered, when suddenly stopping short, turning half round, extending his right arm quickly, as if throw- ing the ball at some one practising about thirty yards to the left, he stood quite still looking at me. At the same instant I felt something, for I can not call it seeing (to describe it rightly, would be to say I felt I saw it pass with terrific force (between my legs and the wicket, Boles at the same time exclaiming, " that it was very close to you, sir." I quite agreed with Boles as to the proximity of the missile to my shins, and said as much to him, when I found that he had meant not close to me per ? Bonally, but to the wicket I was supposed to be guarding. I was now determined that the next ball should find me a little better prepared and keeping any eye steadfastly on Boles, who went through the carne maniacal performance as before I watched the fall leaving his hand, and coming, as I supposed, to at least a foot the farther side from the stumps, and stepped out accordingly with the idea of hitting it as I had seen the others do. What was my surprise to find that the ball, on touching the ground, instead of continuing in the same direction (as by all the laws of motion I had reason to believe it "would), took a nearly opposite course to that it had before, and, coming directly towards the wicket, rising at the same time, struck me a tremendous blow on the fleshy part of the thigh. I could have cried with the pain, and should certainly have stopped awhile to rub the injured part had I not caught sight in the same instant of Boles, who in his blandest manner said, "All right, sir ; five ounces and a half: can't hurt you ; the next time, sir, keep your hat a little more upright, and allow a little for the break.' As to the first part of this small speech, though I said nothing, I begged to differ with him and the latter was so much more Cingalese, though I had guessed that the break must mean the peculiar direction the hall had taken after touching the ground. Smarting -under the pain, I placed myself again in position, to look out for the next ball, determined, if possible, as I could not have my revise on Boles, at least to have it on the ball, and with that intention again stepped out, and bit viciously, at I thought, directly at it. To my great disgust my but did not meet with ., the resistance I had expected and turning half round with the force of my intended hit, I saw to my still greater surprise that the stumps had evidently been disarranged. This sort of thing continued for some time, only varied by an occasional hit of more or less force in various parts of my body, with a ball played by some one of our numerous companions, the general result being that on an average about every alternate ball bowled me out. Being tired of continually refixing the stumps, and noticing also that more than the average number of spectators were looking at us, I quietly suggested to Roles that if he were to bowl not quite so fast I might stand a chance of hitting the ball now and then. He acquiesced, land proposed I should now try a few "slows." This being arranged, I went quietly back to my post, or rather three posts, and found that, although I could now see the balls with much greater distinctness, I was farther than ever from hitting them, for when I stepped out to do so they had always passed me, and when I remained as Boles calls it " at home," I invariably knocked the ball direct into Boles' hands, and that always when I thought I had hit it with sufficient force to send it to the other side of the ground and getting enraged at this did not tend to improve my play, so that eventually I was bowled out twice running. Boles now save me to understand that it was a rule amongst cricketers, that whenever three wickets were bowled in succession, the bowler was entitled to a new hat, informing me at the same time that the last few balls I had played much too forward. Anxious to save the forfeit, I determined if possible to avoid my former error, and for that purpose stood within my ground, and getting well back to make a vigorous hit at the ball, which was now close upon me, I brought my new hat down with full force upon the brass ferrule of the middle stump, splitting and otherwise damaging it, to the great amusement of the surrounding crowd, and my own chagrin and annoyance. Giving Boles to understand I had had enough for that day, I quickly resumed my usual habiliments, and scarcely acknowledging the "Good day, Sir," of the worthy Boles, I returned home, and lost no time in doctoring my much bruised body, vowing inwardly I would forfeit any sum rather than be found on a cricket field again in any other capacity than that of a looker on. The stiffness experienced next day was something horrible, though I found my aptitude for business much fresher than it had been for many weeks, which I doubted not to be the result of the fresh air and exercise I had taken. How I afterwards became a cricketer, by the untiring advice of Newman, and the zeal of the assiduous Boles, I must leave for others to tell ; suffice it to say, I am now a member of three clubs, and one of the first eleven in each. May everyone meet with my success, and derive as much benefit from the really good old game. 