THE ' COSSEcllATIrtN OF ST. HESEDICTS CIIOROfl. . _. . . „. Tub solemn consecration of tbe Cnnrcn ol M, Itenciliel's in Parramatta-strcet. Sydney, was con ducted on the 2tth nit. In his Grace the Archbishop. The ceremony commenced at 7 oV:!ock in tlie moniing au.l to«eUier with the Pontificial High Mass. which immmlislely followed it, neenpied railier more than eiglit iionn without any inter mission. This was the first consecration of a Ca tholic Cl.urr.h in Anstralasia. As an introduction to the accnn.it of the ceremony, tbe following par ticulars may bo intm-i- stiug :— The r..n.idation-.tonc of St. r..-nedicl*s Chnreh was laid oq the 21st July, 1844. by l.is. Grace thu Arc!il-i']iop. mill, on its completion, the building was s-tmnly blessed bv the same venerable prelate. Tin: church, n-hicli is very sracefully proportioned, is built in the Gothic style, and consists of a nave mid tvn aisles, with a towi-rsnrmomited by a spire. Th.' following diRiiitaries took part with the Arch Idshop in tliB ceremony .—The Very Kev. Dean -VCnnn-:ll. O. S. II.. acted as assistant priest; the \V.ierable Arch.leacon MKncruc, acted in In. official capicitv. as Arclidcarnn. throughout the ceremony : thn four following priests, vested in cones, carried wie rcucs eu».ira..i:t» ?»« » .^.n-.n... Immd with silver gilt : the Very Rev. Jeromo Kcatin- V O. ? the Very Bev. J. II. Snmuer. alLTC;*. B-». Mer.n.Oorufc.0. ??!!.:«« tluj Ibv.i. F. Bberioan. O. S. B.; Uio Kev. nwrer. O.S. 41- w-a tlie'ihsaeon in charge of the ctiurch : the Very fier. Ana ten Shueby. O S.B.. V. G- was niMtrr at tha ceremoniea : and the Rev, Father Curtis wa.^preeeiitor «-f the choir. Tlie following priests were also present :— The Very K.;v. Desn Rigney ; the Itevs. J. P. Roche. O. S. B. : P. I-onigan. P. FowelL X. Johnson. P. Qninlivan. P. UircTi. and several others. When he bad completed tha circuit of the church, the Bishop, after some utlier prayers, resumed hi. mitre and staff, and. approaching the door of th« chnreh titrnck it once ahuvo the threshold with the end of his staff, saying, in an andilile voicu. *? Raise up yonr gates, O ye princes, and l.-t the eternal gates b : lifted up ; and tha King of Glorvslmll cuter in.' Tiiedeacon stationed within, asked aloud—' Who is llw King of Glory T The Bishop answered—' Thu Lord powerful and .trong ; the l^oi-d powerful in fight.' With interval, tliia appeal and answer waa twies repeated. On the deacon htationed within (the Rev. J. DwyerJ Bay ing the third time. ' Who a thi. Kin» of Glory r the Bishop and all tlie clergy answered, ?' Ihe I^ird of power. He is the King of Gl«y. O|*n I Open ! Open ! The Bishop marked tlie sign of the Cross above the threshold on the door with tbeeud of bis staff, saying. * Ilehold tlie sign «T the Cross ; all ye demon, fly.' Tne door was opened and he entered the church, accompanied only by hi. clerical attendants, the choir, and masons (to place and cement the stone cover over the sepulchre of the relics, as aUo the table or the altar, in case it be removed or wparaled from its snpporter.) : the rest of the clergy and people remained outside the chnreh, and tlie doors wure dosed. The Bishop, upon entering, said. 'Peace to this home.' The deacon intide answered. ' Upon your entrance. And all said together, *? Amen.' Then following a long series of prayers, psalms, chants, and cere monies, tn which the laity were not admitted. At 5 minutes after 10. when about one hundred per sons were gathered about the door, the procession ?nrmil from the church to brine in the relics. After praying and the 94th psalm, the Bishop tak ing bis tnitrc. put incense into the thurible, and the procession was arranged in the following order ; First, two Acolytes with burning ligliU; then the Cross, followed by the clergy singing tlie following Antiphon. ; after these the priests, carrying Uie Relic-bier with the relics, preceded by torch bearen : and finally, the Bishop with his assist anes. When the procession was about to move, the Bishop began tlie Antiphon. which was continued by 'the choir. ' You shall go fortl. with delight, and you *hall be lead rorvrard with ctadnr*-! : and tuo mountains and ta.Hswa.il i ™ i.« ?hull oral* wiili j-»r- Alld. Arise. y« places, bless the people, and preserve ns mnnea in peace. Advance, ye Saints of God, and eutcr into the city or the Lord ; for yon a tcmpla i« crcctu.l. w!i.-re the pco;ilo may adore the Majesty of the Lord. For theirs is the king-l0'1 of heaven, wbo .les..i«d this worldly life, obtained their hea venly n-wards, nnd \rashe.l their garments in the I.WI oMie Lamb.' The Archbishop, tlicn, rcsnm in' his mitre, delivcre-l an address to the people, oNo in l-atin, and the Arcli-lciicon delivered two decri-rs of the Ouncil cf Trent in tho same lan-uace. lli«-!rnce tbe Arcbl.Miop tlicn gave a hhnrt ».1-!rcss in Knglish, nr-ingthedtie dedication or iitl.es to the service -.f G-«I, and in the coarse of hU rein-irks said, that no person who did not pay one tenth of his income to the cause of religion could consider bimvelf in a way of salvation. After an address to tlie founder, tl.e procession then cn t-rwf .!.« chnreh. bearins in the Kelics. Uie Arch bishop commc.ci.ig the Antipb-n, which was taken np bv the dercr, JH follows;-' Butcr. .va saints of God.' for vour dwelling place is prepared of tbe liord ? and tliu faithful people Mlow your course in iov that you may supplicate for us the Majesty of the Lord. AllehehV Tliewmlsof thesainteare reioirinjjiii heaven, of tlioso »iio have followed the footstep, of Christ ; and because tliey have shed tbrir blood for His sake, therefore with Clinst they . suit without end.' Meanwhile tl« proces sion was advancing up theehurcli. Upon among at tin- altar in whicli the rclioi were to be deposited (they having been first placed with tbe bier near ihe altar, and lighted candles beside llii-in). the Itishop. keeping on his intrre, .-rnd standing ??? front ofthe AlUr. cummenced tho Antiphon. the H'JUi and 15lith Psalms. Aftrr otu-r |-rayers. no ati«j sitcd the relic, in the sej.nlchre of the altar, with the following words :— ' Under God's Altar ye hava found resting |4aeni: O ye Saints of God intercede for u. with the I*.rd Jesus Christ. V.The Sainta shall exult in glory. R. Aud shall 1* joy fnl in their beds.' It is impossible willuu the limits or this report to note niinately the 'nous ..ravers «nd ceremonies whidi followed. After handing incense repeatedly ronnd the altar, and anointing it with oil. bis Grace anointed tlie twelve crossr. round the walls of tbe chnreh. Ho then blessed the incense, and putk ou the altar to born -nv. Tbe final ceremony of the consecration was die following :— The A rchbuhop received '?«'»»»:*? and with the thumb of his right band, dipped in chrism, anointed in the form of a cross the joints or tbe table ol the altar, as if uniting them, saying at each Cross. ' in the name «*??**« Fatter, and of the Son. and of the Holy Ghost.' TJ.«of?vingnti|iw^K«tfc5.'J»d.-lJrt -^«t*lem*^air Lord, to sanctify by Thy Ucavcnly benediction, this altar, devoted to holy purposes, and as Thou didst regard with wonderful condescension the offering of Thy Holy Pnest Mel ebisedech. so may all offering, laid on this new altar be ever acceptable in Thy night : that the people who frequent tiiis holy house oftbeCborch. being through these aaeriliees preserved with Heavenly sanctification. may attain likewise tlie ?btn,.! ..Intinn rt ihnr «onU. tlironcb Christ our Lord Amen.' This last prayer being ended, the aubdeaeons carefully wiped the table of the altar with towels of coarse liuen cloft. The Biobop nrlired to the chair, and robbed with B» crumb* of bread, thea washed and wiped his liand«. After wliich lie retired to tbe vestry, as a quarter before one. having been eontmooosly oecapied u the consecration service *3nee*eve» odock. Poignriciit. Bum Mass. Tlie BJsliop of Queensland. Dr. Qnian. entering with other dorjy, immediately m» the teraninauon rfthe conseeraOoo. commenced tbo- oelebratton of maiw. assisted by ««Vory Her- J. Keating;. V. G -the Itev. P. Kenyon. tbe Rev. M. E. Atby. o;SB»and the Bev. I. Uwyer, O£.B. as master °rTne eW.°w&b; -a. «»po»d of tb«e«f St. Mary'* and St. Benedict,, nnited with some otlier». 'nder the direction of the Her. Mr. Curtis, per formed, Moxart's 18th mass, withont the credo. U.e credo from Haydu. third «u- being sob« stuted. Tho oBerlorywa. P«rgol.«s « sanctum «t teAtt!iteonclusion of the «na*s. tbe Very Bev. 3. J Thcrry. Arch-priest, preached tin consecration ,ermon7 TuminJ bw fece to the people «d ad dressing them in F^l^ttovenerable P™«tj»d the Gospel in Matthew, M. chapter, 35-3« verses, and AeTprocceded to explain (be Iai»j.»geof Ih text and to show its bearing era tbe o™**™- . Weiorvice being concluded *-* KAop retired fruiithecunrca,waikin64o«i ti« aide. followed by the Archbiehop and clergy. Toe two prelate*, as tbev passed slironfih the congregation continued to bless them; and the people, whose real triumphed over the fiitigne of so long a service. en-n-.lv pressed forward to receive the benediction 'i, ..ft heir venerated archbishop, some or the younger - / worghii.pera kissing tbe skirts of his garments as he went alone- It was ten minntes past three wben the proceedings terminated. The audience which, a. above remarked, was small at tbe beginning in creased to 400 or 500 before tbe service was con cluded.— Empire. ? 