SECESSION IN TENNESSEE. I close this letter with an extract from a speech of Mr Johnson, a senator from the State of Tca nesseo, in the Congress of the United States describing secession as it is practically carried out in that State :— ; 'While yet beseeching them to act upon their own doctrine, and let us alone, the hoofs of their cavalry were indenting our plains and the tramp of their troops was about our ; homes. And yet there are those who set up the puling cry 'Let there be no coercion.' 1 What ! a secessionist declaring against coercion? ] Why, God bless you, friends, they never got any thing except by coercion. They coerced fJL. : nessee, Georgia, Alabama, and Virginia out of V ; the Union. They attempted it in Maryland— f' . the Government stopped it ; they are now at- rl I tempting it in Kentucky, and thpre tho people i j will stop it ! Their whole career has been one \ of coercion, of outrage, insult, blasphemy, and / crime. Detachments of their myrmidons, who ' i were sent, as they said, ' to protect us ? from the despotism of Abe Lincoln,' could prs& : through our county in Tennesoee, «n the railroad. As they went the saw the flag of our country' the glorious old stripes and stars, floating from the gable of an humble school house, where the little boys had placed it as an emblem of their pure and dawning love for the Union What did these miscreants do ? They stopped their train, and with hootings and ribaldry with menaces and execrations, and blas phemy, tore it from the children, and trampled it in the mire ! They would enter private houses, and under pretence of seeking for ammunition, would rummage drawers and desk t lobbing the family of their money, and the wo men of their jewels and heirlooms. They would order their meals and lodgings in tones of inso lence and in terms of insult. They would feed their horses with wastefulness, and scatter ; the food recklessly on the ground ; and after eating to the fill of their insatiate r appetites, and rioting and rummaging, they \ would meunt, and with oaths and obscenity, would tell the family to charge it all to Jeff! '? Davis. And this, my friends, is Secession! They '. came into my own csunty ; they called at my '? house. Some of their number came forward and demanded of my family whether I was at homo, saying that if I was they had come to take me und hang me ! Pieaeant intelligence this for gentle men (?) to communicate to a wife and daughters ! But tny daughter, indignant at their conduct, said ' No, my father is not at home ; he is absent ' in another county, where he is making a speech f for the Union ; and this I presume you knew, or f your cowardly crew would not have dared to [.' show themselves at this house.' They then sud- ! dcnly withdrew. As they passed on through the f neighborhood, they came on the house of a ?' Union family ; the husband was not at home, but his wife, a stout-hearted woman, had her Union ' flag at the gate post. They instantly commanded her to remove it. She would not. They attemp ted to seize it, and she seized it; they strug gled for it, but she kept her flag. They then went into the woods, cut a hickory withe, and re turning, scourged her person with it. This, my friends, is Secession, and these are the men you are to ? compromise' with ! Some of these samo demons — five of them — fiends in human shape, stopped at the house of a man named Markhara, '? who, seeing them approach, and fearing insult and : outrage to himself if he remained, and thinking that they would not bo eo likely to provoke a quar rel with the family if he were not present, took his rifle from its resting place, and retired unobserved by them into a little thicket hard by the house, in order to be at hand in case they offered any abuse te his family. He had an ami able wife and two daughters, the youngest a girl of about twelve years, nnd the other just U03- J soming into womanhood, about sixteen, as beau- j tiful as the morning, and as pure a3 the dev:» ! drop. The Secessionists entered and in solently demanded dinner for themselves, .' and feed for their horses. The wil'a J. told them there was tho crib t-.hi we uiuuer, anu tney wouia give tnem their din ner. They took the hay and the corn and scat tered it about the ground, and ordered the ladies to hasten their dinner. In due time the m'0' was prepared, and soon greedily devoured. A.fi ' £ sating their appetites at the table, they bepan to ' ' address rude remarks to the wife and daughters. \ One attempted to make love to the young kdy, I when her young sister, seizing the tin horn or 1 trumpet, which is kept in almost all rural home- I steads to make a summens to dinner, or sound ? an alarm to the neighbors in case of an accident, \ sprang to the door and blew a blast. At this tUa hellish demon turned, drew a pistol irom his girdle, fired its bullets through her brain, and with one wild shriek she fell in agonising death at the feet of her screaming mother. That bias;, the shot, the shriek, and scream pierced the ear of the waiting father ; he sprang from his re treat, he stood at hia door — one glance re vealed all, and, taking deliberate aim, ho sent his rifle's bullet straight through the villain's heart. The other four, alarmed at the trumpet blast, and knowing that the whole neighborhood would soon be upon i them, mounted their horses and fled. The eu- f. raged father, finding them beyond his reach, turn ing to where the slayer of his little daughter lay, seized his axe and cut hi3 brutal body into four .- quarters, ana throw them out as only fit ior the dogs to devour ! Such, my friends, is Secession at home. It is robbery, rapine, and murder. Ai:diti9 marching toward you, and will be upon you. You must arm for your own defence. I speak not to you in fables. These things oc curred, not in a remote country, but right over there in Tennessee. I seem even yet to hpar the shriek that went up from that young and inno cent heart as it took leave of life— eo wild, sa clear, so agonising that oven angelic spirits might come to listen and avenge ! Will you not, then, rush to the support of your Government and the rescue of your country from the reign of terror that has no parallel in the history of civilieod man f' — Times Correspondent. Popular Similes. — Some ingenious rhymer ha» placed the following sayings in poetic order, the opposite in juxtaposition : — Aa wet 03 a fish - as dry as n bone ; Ab live us u bird -as dead as a xtono ; As plump us a partridge as poor as a rat ; As Htroiifr as a horse— us weak as a cat; As hard as a flint- as soft us a mole ; As white as a lily -ns black as a ooulj As jflain as a pikistoff— us rough as a bear J As tight as a drum— as free as the nir ; As heavy aa lead— as light as a feather ; Ae ttcady as time— uncortain as weather ; As hot us an oven as cold us a frog ; Ae gay as a lurk— as sick as a dog; As slow as a tortoise - as swift 03 the wind ; As true as the gospel— as false as mankind; Ab thin as e herr ng — as fat as a pig ; As prouii as a peacock-as b!ue an a grig ; As tav.ige as tigers— as mild as a dove; As Miff aa n poker— as limp as a glove; As b'.ind aH a bat— aa deaf us a post ; As coo! as n cucumber— aa warm as a toast ; As red as a chorvy— as pale as a ghost. An Enamellf.r op Ladies' Faces. — In E* Rachel Levisok. — Thi3 insolvent, a young woman, who described herself as an ' enameller of ladies' faces' and dealer in cosmetics, carrying on business as Madame Rachel in Old Bond street and at Brighton, was opposed by Mr Macrae, and was supported by Mr Dowse and Mr Sargood. The case had stood over ior some months, it btin(J alleged that the insolvent was not yet of ago, and therefore could not be finally discharged. The insolvent, who had been out on bail, was exa mined, and denied that her mother was known ia Diury lano as ' Sally Russell,' or that her own name was Ilusfiell. She had carried on her pro fession at Old Bond street, and in five months oj 1859 she contracted a debt of £149 vith Messri Burgoyne, chemists, ior some scents and essential oila used in her preparations. Some of the goods were spoilt, and became useless. She had kept books in which were en.ered the names of her patronesses, but she had intrusted those books to a frieud who had gone to Australia. To produce thoEe books would be to ruin her profession. 1« Macrae observed that perhaps her charges were high, and that she had from 5 to 20 guineas for enamelling a lady's face. The insolvent : ' Oh, yes, indeed, and more than that.' In answer to further questions, tho insolvent said she procured the preparations she employed in the process of enamelling from abroad. She had to giveoreoit in many etises, and the names of her debtors wen? in her books, Mr Macrae, submitted that the in solvent waa bound to tile her account-bookB that the creditors might know what sums were due to her. Mr Dowse said he should not object to so adjournment to consider that point ; and, as the insolvent was on bail, the case could stand over . until after the date upon which it was allege! j she would become of full age. The cas« was tte* ' 1 adjourned until 17th January. — Diipttch. j 