THE PROGRESS OF STEAM CULTIVA TION. SIR, —Steam versus horses; inverting or non inverting—these, Mr Editor, are questions now agitating the agricultural mind, and as I have had considerable experience in both, perhaps the lew words I may say will not be considered out of place by my brother- agriculturists; par ticularly those holding heavy laud, for to them my remarks will mostly apply. In the first place, then, I have for years been acquainted with both Fowler’s and Smith’s systems of steam cultivation, and too much cannot bo said in praise of either; both are first-rate in their proper places, and whether we shall have tho inverter or non-inverter is a matter must be left to local circumstances and tho judgment of the farmer. But for steam cultivation of some sort I for one raise my voice. I will now proceed to say a few words upon the subject of in verting or non-inverting as taken from actual practice upon some of the heaviest land in the kingdom. Being, in common with my brother agriculturists, troubled with a goodly quantity of that noxious post, twitch, which tho last two unfavorable seasons have in no way helped to diminish, but rather increase, I was greatly annoyed, after cutting a field of beans, at the quantity of twitch, making the land look very much like a meadow. Many farmers upon heavy land had this year, I doubt not, n similar picture presented to them. Well, Mr Editor,‘l looked at it much as a Jew does at a bad bargain—with an eye to getting rid of it if possible. Mind, lam at this time using Smith’s steam cultivator, whit ft is not an inverter. Well, I thought to myself, that’s a pretty mess, that’s certain; and its equally certain I must do something with it. But tho puzzle was, which was the right thing—-inverting or non-invert ing? for, if I invert it, .or, in' plain English, ei it down in tho ordinary way with , it will look for awhile tolerably clean to the eye; but what a fearful penalty to pay, to know that all that roguish twitch was rejoicing in its stronghold underneath! On the other hand, if I try the non-inverting, and keep all the filth at top, and tho weather comes bad, what a sight it will he! and how bn earth shall I drill it ? However, the weather was fine, tho horses fully employed elsewhere, ans tho temptation to liayp a slap at it with steam was sq great, I cpuld poji withstand it. Tho land at the time was as dry as dust, and hard as an old miser’s heart. My first stop was to have some broad shares, or surface-cutters as I call thorn, cast; the next to give instructions to my ploughman, Tom (by the-bye, 1 think most of the good ploughmen, whether steam or otherwise, are Toms), to go os fleet as ho possibly could, just to keep under neath it. _ Thjs ho did, much to my satisfaction and the discoipfort pf the twitch; for tfte wea ther fortunately was very flnei done, If. crossed it just a shade deeper, the twitch now beginning to show signs of giving up the ghost. That being done, I took away tho steam horse to another job, and intro duced the old-fashioned scuffle, gavo it one rub across, then tho hai*rows and some men with forks got it together, and burnt it, the weather continuing all tho time beautifully fine, and the twitch diminishing to a small bulk. The field now looked quite another thing; the sneaking twitch was hoisted out of its lair, and gone off in smoko, a burnt-offering to our friend Smith for his ingenuity; and oa tbc lost of the smoko wont up, the first of tho rain came down, but too late to help Mr Twitch, I then fetched hack the Btewa herse, gave the SAWYER SPENCE, in the Marle Lane Express, 14th November. field one good deep “ smash up,” shortly after drilled it, audnow It is as clean ns a garden, and a beautiful plant of wheat on it. There is one other point I think worthy of great consideration to the heavy-land farmer. When I was a boy, ray father always endea vored to inculcate the virtue of sowing upon a stale furrow. “ Always sow upon a stab furrow, if possible,” Ho then, and I now, know his advice to be right, Why ? Why, because the action of the air had produced, without any trouble, the best possible seed-beds. Here, then, wo have the beauty of non-inverting in perfec tion. Take a bean stubble (heavy land, and clean as it should bo), the land ploughed either late in autumn or early months of winter, the surfaeo receiving the pulverising influence of frosts, and after exposure for months to the ac tion of the atmosphere when'the crop is off the surface, presents for an inch or two in depth a kindly tilth (the very seed-bed for the following crop of wheat), and under that a plastic mass; surely it cannot bc_ right to turn down the one, and bring up the other, to bo reduced byagi'eat trouble of repeated harrowing, too often an in different tilth after all! And now, Mr Editor, I dare say you are by my letter like tiro 1 man with the Chancery suit—very glad to see the oud of it; but if you think it-worth a space in your valuable columns, and thereby likely to help forward in the smallest degree the mighty interests of agriculture, I shall not regret hav ing written it. 