MY FLBST AND, LAST ROBBERY. I WHEN I was a boy about fourteen years old, I ran away from school. I was a young donkey, no doubt, but then Dr. Birch did, not forbid novels, nod'so be was partly to blame; for I i'm« bibed thus early in lifo a taste for, the romantic, whioh, I am happy ta say, I have sinco entirely got rid of. . ; ¡ ; . . I forget for what now-no doubt it was on account of somb great.piece of ipjustico-but I resolved ( to imitate ;' some ,, hero'or .other I had read of, and run "Way to sea', This port of my lifo 1 shall(not. dwell upon¿\for tho rccol- : lcotion of it-iis- anything! but pleasant:' lisbali i only say ' that . I - roached Liverpool, got ¡ a (ship, and then, as soon as I arrived ot New York, deserted, BO much was I disgusted with, my-, ?romantic-, life. . How I j lived in America,-is a my story to ' mo .yet; but ono fino morning I^found myself .in Ohiogo j with onljjhatta'dbllar^n'jny, ' pocket;\vdd no shoes on my'feet.' I bad'seen quits enough of the .world ;'so ï thought tho host thing-I 'Could j dOiWas to imitate the prodigal,,, and. go homo, trysting corny 'family 'B joy; assesing . mb-alive,., for! I had not written home since '_I.'ran"nw«y ., } from sch ooh ,.So Llaidiout aomo ol ;myvj nun dollar ia some broad andchcose.iand putting tbs rest into a'soamJ in mr trousers, started for Detroit.,.,,..,' y : "V <£/..,.: \f' For-somo-nînety-ora^hundred-inîloj my-route ? I <y. through a forest, the path belog marked every filip yards by a piece - of' wood ? nailed !órosi« wise to the trunk.'of^'a^treo;'1 This WM all j I had to guide me. -' 'Bf¿ ? flritv two. da« posaed; without adv'o'ntqro ; jone nlghtX slept in aUQgbouse'f'ivhorb they were nveryikind,to.me, nùd gave mo a good-.broakfast ia tho morning; buttha next night I had to sleep in a tree, and I can asstiroyou.tho .reality by no .means p»mo up to'tho idea'''thad formed of it from rbádlng 1 ht Swiss Family Robinson: in, tho morning, When I awoke stiff 'and hungary, I sincerely wishod that the ingenious author had- gone quietly to the bottom of tho Boa, instood ot writing that fictitious narrative, and making . fool of mo. However, I breakfasted on some of my bread, and choose, and started once m wo on «ny weary journey; ' _____j 'di v.-.« Up to this «mo, I bad not folien In with » human being except the people nt tho farmhouse j but about five o'clock in tho afternoon, as well aB I could judge, I thought I saw some figures through the trees, ond presently made thom oat to belong to throe-mon. As they came closer, I saw they were vriy queer- looking fellows, with their faces covered over with short hair, as if they had not shiived for a month, and clad ia very dilapidated garments, which boro, however, rusrks of having been once not only fashionable but costly. I myself was lightly enough equipped in a flannel shirt and a pair of caiivus trousers ; yet I am auto I looked far moro res- pectable than any of them, for all their cloth coats with velvet collars and cuds; and trousers tight at tho knee, enlarging as thoy descended! to the ankle, and reminding ono of tho barrel of a blunderbuss. In respect to foot-gear, they were variously attired. Ono of their» boasted tbe possession of a pair of patent leathers, that once, no doubt, had homo pirt Ju many a duicc, but now were fitter to replenish the bai» of one of the gentlemen who repeat ' Old clo'' about cities, than as armour for the feot on a pedestrian excursion through an American forest ; for the upper leathers had disagreed with the lower, and through many a ? crevice the toes peeped out. Toes, do I say ? Yes ! f r, alas, stockings had long since become a subject-matter for historians. Tho other t,wo .possessed wbt't aro commouly called « high lows nnd I am particular in thus recording it, for ' one pair of them afterwards bore a pro- minent position in my adventure. But what impressed me at onco in rr-spoct to these gentlemen, was that each of them carried an instrument adapted for housebreaking-one a pickaxe, another a crowbar, and the third a hammer, chisel, and coil of rope. Was it possible " they were going to commit burglary in the backwoods? That thought I dismissed at once, for what was there to steal ? and before a second occurred to me, our meridian became identical ; and the swell, as I was passing within about twenty yards, hailed me to stop, -which request I complied with. He then entered into a cunversfttian with me, making general inqui* ries about my position and prospects in this world, and .particular ones about where I was going, and what I intended to do when I got there. These I answered to tho boat of my ability:; and as I did not paint my future very "brilliantly, be expressed the greatest pity for my forlorn condition, and ended by offering to moko roy fortune, on condition of my turning back and joining in their expedition. This was too disinterested -by half, and much more than his own worldly prosperity nppeared to warrant ; so I refused, and thanking him kindly, wiehod him good-morning. But my kind friend would not all-nv his object to bo thus frustrated, for ho produced a most conclusive argument, and used it so persuasively, that I was induced to change my mind; in shape it resembled a Oolt's revolver, and, like it, had a barrel und five chambers. If he bad been studying rheto- ric all his life; he could not have argued with greater sucaëss. I turned round with the greatest alacrity, and at his bidding shouldered the crowbar he was carrying, and marched on betwoen him and his acquaintance with tho pickaxe. \- It was while proceeding tn this order that I made tho observations I have set down, and tnany more which I haye not; one of which was, that we .were proceeding nt tho rate of about three miles an hour-and considering tho na'ure of the ground, that was rather qutok and another, that I was beginning to feel ex- cessively hungry. After a while, I ventured to hint this last fact to my companion of tho pick- axe, who appeared the bost-natured of tho party, for I was unconsciously a disciple of Lavater, and studied as much of their faces as I could see through their beards. To my great delight, be agreed with me, and said he would like some dinner ; whereupon wo all halted ; and seeing them produce bread and meat, I said nothing about my own provender, whioh was carefully stowed away inside my shirt. I made a greqt dinner, and so did they, though none of us said grace ; but when I saw a flask of amber fluid preduced, and was given a con- siderable portion of it to drink, my spirits rose to a very high pitch, and I bogan to placo moro confidence in tho promises of my sympathising fiiend. It was now, as well as I could gueBs, between seven and eight o'clock, and would soon bo dusk, for the days were beginning to shorten, so [ thought it time I should know whither wo wero going, and what I was to do ; accordingly, fortified by the draught from the amber flask, I gavo utterance to my sentiments. " I say, Mister, what game's, up?'1 Tho Swell whom I addressed stared for a while, no doubt admiring my language, both on account of its brevity and also its intrinsic beauty, nnd tbuSjrcplie'd : ' ' Well, youngster, I'll tell you, and, it. ain't a very long story either. You see, somo lime ogo, I foll in at' Now Orloans with a coon jest returned from shutin' bara, or some seoh thing, in among the.redskins up here; and ho told mo a long yarn about an Indian princess-who depnrtcd this wicked lifo when he was there, and who was. buried with all her jewels; ar^d siuunin' ones they, air tow, if they're as.Ai soys. Well, 8cz I to myself, what's' tho use of them jewels dawn in tho ground f and the more I cogitated, ' tho'more I thought it a tarnation pity thoy should, stay .there; au myself undjny Uro friends «lr liefe'now. for to try' if we can't git, them ; and I knlkirlato wo ain't far, now from tko spot, if it's where my shutin'friond described .I guess byar's the olump of olms,' says Mr, Pickaxe. ." , ,' ',' ... r, -, . .-. * Yon'rê right, Mr. Brown,' said the leader ; ' and now lot's follow our noses.' ' ; AB we went on, ( I 'learned tjib whole of our project. The prinooss .was buried in the. ceme- tery of tho jtribfy.abpqt^two. mjles/fronxwhere ire wore, in a deep vault under a lofty sepulchre right in.' .^ we wero how in dangerous ground,'silence was rtrlolly onjolnedjiand 1,'éould.not .learn why'I, was included uv; tho", expedition.' ' X, puzzled Myself to£nd;ot)t;'in ,,yttinj ' ^aä'jt^'n'nccbüät, of my personal appearance that they , had token i such a liking to me as to prefer a fourth shore to ' a third,?,- ]jardly"8Qj I¡thouRht--r.my vanity, .«AB ¡ not ao groat ap . allithati ; ,nBu« yet this* was thé' only reason I-'coultl think'6f.' .' " '.'<.' ; I'm' sur'o^^'Wôk^B'i^'.ièaB.t; tt#6' hours', to' oavQr.thosft.tAVp'j rflilQB.^ut ¿hon wo had 'tb pro-, coed very.cautiously for.fear of-the Indians, for* » wo wero eaught "crucifixion'was'1 the vory At last w'0 '.roijohqd;. l%,', llbrdl?r ,qt tíip tyrying., 8found,.aud never shall fc.forgbt jthb .slgbt . thati nrukpi on my- Ariow nvhon 'wo: cmofgnd ironr tho1 SF^TÍ,*'^qs-sbaóIcWri1, sb ghas% r;iLö'ng.'TOWS' ?f »Wtjtm .in tho, moonlight,: otteckQd hero and ihor« jtj,fi\i<tàQm>ttom «ifiwij I willows that wera scattered np and down, I from some lofty sopulchres that towered am tho more unpretending 'tombs. And when branches of tho willows moved in tho scar pereoptiblo breeze, I felt sure it was st ghoul glidhig back into hts gtavo in a hurry avoid being seen by mortal eyes. While I was on the look-out for ghosts, mates were busy reconnoitring for Indians, nono being visible, we advanced towards csntra, tho rear hoing care'ully brought np me, still in dread of immorthl crontnru*. Under tho shade of the tallest sepulchre h<ltod, and, withoat any delay, Mr. Brown to work with his ?. icknxo on D slab ut the b acid soon snccnfl'-d in making an opening tho crowbir, of which I w;,s relieved by Swell, who insened it skilfully, and raised tho slab. As in Aladdin's adventure, the mouth o d'irk hola <vas disclosed, but no steps w visihlb. !?o dark and so horrible-looking \ it, tliat it mad« mo shiver to look down into Furiey, therefore, my feeling«, when my ki sympathising friend requested me, in ' blandest tono in tho world, to 'jest slew do that there rope," which, us he spoko, he thi d 'wn, fastening ono end to a pieco of projecti masonry, ' »rid relicva the young woman her sui eifluous jewelry.' And now, it dawned on my benighted int lout that it was for this purpose they li brought me, and not on account of my p possessing oppoarnnce, and though it putt end to lill doubt on the subject., it was hy moans a satisfactory explarmtion. Po litt indeed, w»3 I pleased nt it, that, without n preliminaries, 1 turned nnd ran as hard as ei I could. But, ns luek would have it, when had gono about ton yards, I stumbl and fell over a stono, and before I coi riso, was again a prisoner. This time my friend produced a bowie-kni and gently insinuating the paint, about a quri of an inch into a tender purr, observed in tono of voice that left not the tightest don on my mind of his being in earnest: 'A young friend, if you try that gamo again, I jost put you outside this knife in two jiffies.' I was ignorant at tho time, and am so (-ti of tho precise period occupied by a jiffy, but feared it was not a protracted one, so I judg< it beBt to obey, and went back quietly wi him. When wo got to that awful hoi«, ho repeat« his former requoBt, but suddenly I saw a loo ' hele for escape, and suggested; 'But I've r place to put 'em.' , .'Lend mo your wi,)er, Brown.' ' I ain!t got such an article jest at prosen said Mr. Brown. ' Whore's yourn, Price ?' ' Well, I forgot to bring it down stairs.' None of them possessed a handkerchief. J last a brilliant thought struck the swell, and yr may bo sure I did not bloss Iiis ready wit. ' say, Brown 1 you divost'yourself of thom boots the youngster can put tho plunder into tl: legs.' ' All serene ; you have got a head-piece; nc no mistake,' said admiring Brown, as ho took o his highlows, and dragged them on my fee Now I had no excuse, yet it took several ratht severe applications of tho howio before I could b induced to catch hold of tho rope and ewin myself over. I should have said, before this, that they ha given mo tho hammer and chisel, ond n piec of candle and a tindor-box, all of which I ha Bio wed away along wilh'my breed and choose I now slid down tho rope, and soon came t the end of ft, but not of tho pit, for I could fee nothing below me but the sides. Here was caso. WaS I to let go, and bo dashed to atom somo hundreds of foot below ; on waa J to asconi and get eight inches of cold steel? Truly i was a dilemma, of which the horns were incon veniently sharp. Howovcr, Iidid not long deliberate, for i was anything but a pleasant situation to bo in Tho wall I waa lenning sgainst was oold ant clammy, and covered with all kinds of croopín; abominations, that wore crawling over mo as '. hung at the end of the rope. And besides, mi lively imagination pictured to me somo horribh hoing about to seizi mo from below, drag mt down to its abode, and there make a meal o mc. So up I wont, os fast as I could. Bul boforo I came to tho top that confounded bowk again made its acquaintance with ray shoulder and my kind friond, who introduced it, swore t fearful oith, that if I did not go down instanter, he would send me to the bottom and eternity together. Down I went again, determined to jump a' any hazard.' But notwithstanding all my reso- lution, when I came to tho end of the rope, I hung as long ns I could. If it had been certain death I was falling to, I could not have hnng another instant. Gradually the rope slipped through my fingers (for a long timo I retained marka of its passage)'/ at last loft them altogether-nnd I~ dropped. Ob, that fearful momont.' Of all the sensations I ever experienced, that' was tho worst. ? Even a nightmare ia nothing to it. I expected, at tho very least, to bo dashed to piooos in some horrible abyss, if ever I came to tho bottom. All the evil I had over done rushed into my momory in a dark moss, but with every sepa rato sin distinct, and I lived my wholo lifotimo over again in that short moment ; for short it I wa3. I don't think I fell more than fivo feet, and then alighted on soft earth. . But tho de- lightful joy' that filled" my whole frame, body ! and mind, I cannot describo. ' A prisoner re- prieved on tho scaffold has alono experienced tho same kind of feeling. ' lu my joy at finding myself safe, all fear' passed away, ' and I immediately jumped up and1 struck a light. 1 On looking round . me, I .' could seo , that ? tho place I was in was something like the bottom of a draw-well, being about six feet squaro.'hnd1 haying in , 'oho of'. its sides an apertfireJor door- way. Into thi*,I advanced, and after traversing' a short , pisaago, found myself in a' largo, chamber,. ovidontly tho receptacle of the' dead Indians ; in niches , round about tho wall wore; coffins ' ia overy stage of decay ; ' others ' wore piled up at ono end, and in the centro' 'was à* kind of settle, supporting'an elaborately "enrvod' sarcophagus, mado from tho bark of some tree... This, no doubt, wa? tho princess- 'So'at once,' in the' light of my now ly found courage, I determined to soou'ro tho ,prize.' ' I inserted my chisel under the lid, and, aft or ' a few ! taps' from the hammor, ' , raised 'it, ' and dis- closed thà eórpson of ^ a " young'' female,'1 apparently ' riot, ' long ' dodd,' ' ' fdr ''' hor' face looked quite ' freshJ 'and lifelik'o';' her oycB wore glassy; howevori and har-fortn rigid. She .was' profusely ' drhamonted with jowo)?, ond her, grtve-olbtV.CBpUlbriiHy1 '^arkjod, .with- ibrllltants.. Whiit'first struck rpoiwas a. ring through her noso, containing ateplondld emeraldl ; I had, just seized 'hold of tho ring,' and was about to commence m y J8¡ibrUogo( by savoring tho cartílago of lier nose, when I terrified by a loud crash from above, BB if slab had boon hastily replaced. Such waa first thought that occurred lo rai, aud I rus out to see; but in my hurry my CBndlo extinguished, nnd ns I Iud left my tioder on the settle, I could nu; nsli;," t it, tor with darkness all my terrors hc,d once m'Te ream tlioirswny.nndnotforworlils would I have mc a step into that chamber vri'.h «ll the enrp All T suffoierl before was nothing comp', wiih what I felt when I looked up and ditrk'-.pss everywhere, and knew that, the i had indeed fallen, I bcc imo perfectly pnrnly by leur, und Bank aown in a corner' unable move hand or foot. Thon suddenly I he stealthy lo-itsteps opproiohinf* from tho di lion of tho chamber, und though now I thin must hove bern a rat.» jet then so simple explana ion. of such tv sound never entered mind. I felt sure it wns 'ho corps contine; resonl the sacrilege I had c >mraitti:d. All blood ran cold in my vein*, and I fuiut osherwise, I must have gone mid. How long 1 remained in this de-thlika stuj I know not ; but uiy firs: thought cm awuliitu consciousness was, wh-T-.t wus I? Tba wt recoücciton of what bi;d li ippened to moflís on my memory at ono J. and I closed my c with a shudder, and wu neur going off i another swoon. What simd mo was, that w] I opened my eyes I sa.v daylight ; for it was darkness when I had fainted, Yes, it WHS C light, blosBed daylight, shh io-» rmind uboutr ft ia astonishing what an eflaut i' hid upon i who in the dark was tu ch it coward. I fol t my strength revivo, and willi it a feeling of h ger, so the first thing I did was to finish bread and cheese. I then ftlt brave enough face a wholo churchy urti, and BS tho light i shining in" from thedunr o' the allamber into i' wont, and looking up, suw about sixty feet rv my head ft largo aperture, through which t light Wi\s streaming. There was no hopo escape, however, for the sides wore pejrpendii lar and quito Ftnoo-h. No velvet over appeal half so smooth to ma as they did then, thou in reality they wore built, ol rough a'oae. Tl apcrtnro was evidently on tho top of tho moi aient at whose base tho slab had been removí and no doubt, had I looked np tho n<ght befo I should have aeon tho moonlight ; but 1 c not, and my candle prevented my Boeing without looking up, and when I went oui.'ic the pit, I suppose tho light did not penetrate far, or else u cloud had passed over the moo But though it was very satisfactory to know . about the light, and where it was cornil from, it by no means reconciled rj to being . a prisouor in such a priso with overy likelihood of being starved br oate by rats if my comrades did not come back f me. I began, therefore, to look round for m terials to build a scaffolding, il perhaps I cou raise tho slab ; so I soleoted the newest coffk and brought thom out into tho pit, nnd placii two opposite to each other, put two moro « these, and so on, until my pile was about & feet high. Here I oimo to a full stop, for could not raise up tiny more without endange ing tho safety of the" whole structure, whit was very rickety ; so I sat down on the sott to rest and think what I should do; and whilo wan there, £ thought I might aa well necuro tl jewels. So I sot to work, und soon had thc all in my possession - nose-ring, on rings, anklets, bracelets, and ri r>( of overy description ; evory ; orn mont did T steal' except thoso on her grav clothes-for those, I could now soe/wero glat -and stuffed them into my boots. Having a complished this, a bright idea struck mo: I toe off my shirt, and tore it into strips ; tbeso twistod and .knotted, and made- into a rop about twelve feet long. It wa S good stot flannel, and made avery respectable strong rapt Ono end' of it I fastened to a coffin, and moun ing roy scaffolding with tho other, I commence to haul. All went perfectly right until I got i up aboat half-way, and tho treacherous lianne gave wuy, arid tho coffin fell'with a crash. A tho same timo Host my balance, and fell dow on tho other side, dragging along with mo m ontire pilo.' ' Stunned and bruisod, I layfora|long time un conscious, covered over with bonos end decayer flash, and skull's dust-for in' their fall most ó tho coffins wero burBt open-until once moro came to lifo; but this time it was in darkness For somo time I conld not realise where I wac until a noiso nbovo stirred tho train of rn; memory, and I remembered all. I shook oj my ghastly, bedclothes, and jumped up, for . felt sure it waa my friends collé back to delive me. Soon a light shono down, and I knew tin Blab was raisedi But my feeling of thankful ness was nipped in the bud, for on looking up I saw. the end of a ladder projecting down. " Surely tho Indians aro coming to bury so mi one," I thought, " arid will crucify mo." ' ! 'As a last chanco,Heit round for my hammor, one found it, justas tho ladder rested on tho grounc closo'bosido mo, and the figure of a man begat to descend. ' Tho night'was dark and cloudy so I could not tell whether it was an Indian bi a white mah ; bat thc ladder' loft little doubt So l took up my p'osiiion in front of tho ladder, and awaited the man whonwoB; coming ;döwn, ¡resolved tö give him a warm wblc'ome. ' Slow j jbe/camó, and often stopped ;J but at last his fool rested on'the1'last rung. This was my time: Wi stopped forward,and dealt him 'a blow bc tho hack bf 'tho head with nil my might;' Willi an awful joli ho fell, eithor doad or stunned, and tho 'cavern1 took up thb ybll,' and bchocd it round and round, whilst T joined' in, to tho best of my anility. Altogether, lt* wáB o fearful din;,and ënougli tb frighten any 'ono out side, whioh' U effectually did; for when I rah-np the ladder as fast as I could, "'yelling* 'all tho ! while, and looked,'! could seo several' lorine just idiskppbàrin'g ihto' the forest. ' I ' immediately 'mads off in the ópp'osite'diro^tton, and rah," as hard jos'I could till my strongth failed, when I Isank'do'wn exhausted, 'and soon, sb ' tired ''and ¡worn but was I, fell'fast asleep. '; ' ' ?''."'" " 0 ''.Tho' morning was breakingwhetiI awoke,'arid hearing wafer close by,'I'draggod myself toJ it', and after dunking some of it, felt nbTo to prócoed; though''very slowly, for drib hours.'' At "last 1 saw. smoijo through tho trees, an'd""presontlyi ; o .lbg-cottngo. ( Nb pblaoo was'oybr nnlf sä magnifi- cent oBit appeared tb hie ttieh, ahd''nú ': wätüa'n h'ólf so.beautiful a's'sboI sawstanding in'fhé'dbor way. G'bo'd aho wW,in reality', 'for who'ri'1áhb saw mo, she came 'and helped 'nib in, lot mc before a Bro,'gave, mo, an bxc'ollbnt'dlnnoii, arid beliovod overy'word I told hor ! ho» I Wis robbed,, and noarly murdorod by'"tho 'ïndiahs. S,hV Weh .offe'rod 'mp' a 'lbdgtqg' /or1.tho night. But nöjt'tor'worlds Jwbúld I, bovo'remained in the nolghbburhbbil/for toirói 'thoIndians.V'iid so I pretended that I was in a g?e'at'Hurry lo got to Now' York.'nnd sho'Iót'rn'e'go j1 bm first, good soul, made 'nib 'toko áb'mo 'rr/bn'oV tia n prétérit, and .provisions', foV ÏVáÜ'fltUr'.a-íobg wáy'frim1 Dotrott. Oh tho morhlpg' óf tho third 'day' after1 Í loft my Kind bbatOBS, I nrrhifed' safe, having mot with no furthor adventure Tn Detroit ] managed to dispose of somo of m) spoils ton jewel 1er, whonsked no questions,but gave about none tenth port of tho. value. However, ] was glad to got nnjthing at all, and a3 thc f.tenmcr was jost starting, embarked, und twe days alter was in New York. Hero I sold one of the rings for fifty pounds, and lived fora little whilo in croat style. One day coming out of n cigar-shon, I thought I saw n fuco I knew ; I looked agnio, and found I was not mistaken. It was my friend with the patent leahcrs, locking twico as shabby as ever. Ho knew me ut unos, and immediately came over and accosted in«, askingmc how Iliad escape^. ' Efiojpod from the grave, you menu?' said I. * You wero a pretty fellow to leavo mo in duch ii fix.' ' But,' explained he, » wo heard tho Redskins, and had to cut tor our lives ; and when wo came back next ni¿ht to soo if anything could bo dono for yon, wo lound tho placo swanning with them, and it took us as much os over we coul.l do to get off n«fo. When wa not Jhero a wet lc ago, wo heurd how the Indinos had captured tho robber, and crucified him ; so we wero sure it was you.' ' t'ou seo it was not,' said I coolly ; and then I told him my story. Wo then carne to tho conclusion that the mon 1 bruinod belonged to ' somo other parly on-tim sumo errand as our- selves, md that tho Indiacs had found him, nu doubt still insensible, and had crucified him. Such wis tho end of my adventure But our ill-gotten gnms brought us no luck. In less than a month, I waa tho only ono of tho party alive, for Brown nnd J'rico ono night, about a week afier wo got tho money, had n fight in a tn'-'em, when Frico settled his com- panion with his bowie, and was shortly after hung for it. Tho Hwell got delirium tremens, nnd died soon after; sol was tho only ono left, with nearly three thousand pounds in my pos- session (for wo had a »ld alt tho jewels for five thousand). Terrified nt tho fate of my com- panions, I began to think I had not been acting us I ought, and soon carno to tho conclusion that I wnB little.bot ter than a thief. When onco I began to thiuk about, the subject, it wa9 all right. I wrote homo to my friends, sold all my fine clothes and jewellery, and ono dark night . dropped «II that wai /eft of tho monoy into the poor-box of the Orphan Refuge. Next morning, I was on my way ¡back to England. And thus ended My First aud Last Bobbery. 