SDfie Cottages WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1802. AT this period of the year gifts are sup- , posed to abound. Parents, husbands, wives, children, sweethearts, approach with their New Year's presents. Usage has sanctioned, and time has honoured, the custom. We, in common with the recipients of Government patronage, are glad to see that our Ministry acknowledge the obligation and looking at the long list of appointments in Saturday's Gazelle, and thankfully admitting the favors conferred, do not doubt but that next Saturday will present us another column, which, if not as lengthy, will at I \ least speak quite as eloquently of the of keen sense felt by the Cabinet of favors i in past time received, to be as forcibly j a acknowledged in the now fortunate present. It is not often that a grateful solicitor has, the opportunity of-in strong opposition to the custom of lawyers from time immemorial providing for his clients, There is only one trait of vraisemblance about this instance ; they are provided for, it is true, but not at his own expense. Happy colony ! favored by being the means of such extraordinary gratitude fruitful revenue! which contributes not only to the exigencies of the State, but to the exercise plification of those virtues which cynical o philosophers have long since considered be as extinct. There is, after all, something positively charming in that devotion which finds a consolation in compensat- ing for the waning profits of connection between client and solicitor, by a generous appropriation of the public funds, and gives to the world such a touching recognition of their respective relations as that which no man of sensibility can fail to perceive in the late appointments made by Mr. MACALISTER of Messieurs SINCLAIR and LAMB. We are not about to attack the selections. We do not doubt we have never doubted the keen perception of adaptation to place possessed by the Minister of Lands and Works. The desirability of that kind of position for himself was apparent to his own keen vision on the advent of separation, and we have little question in our own mind that he has ever been, and is now fully prepared to admit the force of kindred feelings in his own immediate friends and associates. What is it that CARLYLE says of the contagion of enthusiasm? We forget the phraseology, but most certainly what Constantinople was to the Turk what Jerusalem was to the Crusaders-what the elixir of life was to the Rosicrucian what immunity from death is to the followers of JOHN WROH,-that, and far more than either or all put together, is what is vulgarly and profanely termed "a government billet" to the present Ministry and its intimate connexions. It is quite natural that it should be so. When men throw overboard every profession they have made, and volunteer (credo MACKENZIE) to take office with politicians whom they have stigmatized with every term of obloquy that a fertile and^nsoiupulous vocabulary could supply, we are quite justified in inferring that for so strong a sacrifice the induce- ment must have been something stronger still. It would be an insult to human nature to imagine otherwise. she division of the office of Commissioner of Crown Lands from that of Surveyor-General has been for sometime spoken of. The name of the present Colonial Treasurer was mentioned as that of an aspirant for the place, but no salary being forthcoming-not to speak of some opposition from his present chief ";colleag\ie~jhis aydor for public duty was ^mderato'pd-to have, proportionately and rjaturttHy cooled. When, in the lapse of time, those rival luminaries had composed their differences, the question of division of labor slept also, until the advent of the new year suggested new year's gifts and supplementary estimates, and we 'ffi are delighted with the announcement in w the Gazette that Mr GREGORY will be relieved of the raost'troublesome-let us hope least congenial- part of his duties, and that Mr. LAMB is the man upon whom the rent portion of the mantle will fall. Who Mr. LAMB may be other than a gentleman of great esteem, and, we believe, deservedly so, in private life, we can scarcely enquire, for nobody knows anything about him. He has been in no public situation, possesses no public experience, is new to official responsibility, and in an office eminently one of routine and regulation, has the singular merit of knowing nothing of either one or the other. He is, therefore, according to the Macalister code perfectly fitted for the appointment. It is not in accordance with the system of sham and protection which that code embodies that the new Commissioner is dependent for his salary upon a con- tingency 1 Herein is a masterstroke of art. Just about the time that he has mastered the almost innumerable forms of leases, and tenders, and applications which, under existing laws and rules, beset the land office, his payment will come as a question before the Assembly. That payment may be a ghost or a substance It depends upon the conjuring powers of the Ministry. What a con- fiding soul must Mr. LAMB be to work upon such a contingency j what a clever man must be the Minister who could persuade any man to meet three months work with no greater certainty of remuneration. But if Mr, LAMB be a philosopher, as we are sure he is a gentleman, he will not fail to perceive the extreme cohere ance and consistency of the present system of Governmental rather of the system pursued by the present Ministry. Promise everything ; do as little as you can j and leave the responsibility on other shoulders. What cheaper mode of re- warding an adherent ; what easier method of annoying an opponent 1 With patronage, as with principle, there is no more convenient plan than that suggested by the old Chancery interrogatory " if not, " why not, and how otherwise." It leaves so many chances open, and the last portion is so delightful in its com- prehensiveness. We only hope that the new Chief Commissioner of Crown Lands, providing the vote of the Assembly be adverse to his salary, may not have to adopt its language. The " if not" and the " why not" may be readily answered, but who, save Mr. MACALISTER, shall in such a case respond to the " how other " wise." We commend the problem to his curious investigation. 