MEN WHO HAVE BEEN RAISED. CALDWELL AND STEWART. DID you ever see a flying fox? If you didn't its about one of the ugliest varmint as ever you clapped eyes on. They say as its head is very much like the head of the fox in the old country, and that's the reason why they call 'em foxes; it it is, I can only say that a fox is one of the blamedcst ugliest things in all creation. They go together, fly together, and camp together, in flocks of thousands, and I've knowed 'em strip the peach orchards for ten miles round in one night. That was in the old time, before the heavy brushes were cleared away round the settlements. They are rum creeturs, and only come out at night, and when they're collecting the flapping of their wings through the brush, and their horrible shrieks, which I reckon they look upon as music, put a poor fellow, who happens to be out in a brush at dusk, very much in mind of a flock of devils just let loose from — you know where — and corroboreeing over some poor sinner, perhaps himself, as they were about to take off with 'em. They're quiet enough all day, and a greenhorn in the bush would never know where to find 'em. They pick upon about the largest and the highest tree as they can find, and there they hang in thousands by the hook on their toes, heads downwards, end their wings wrapt round 'em like blankets. But the main thing, and the thing as made me speak about 'em is, that each one of 'em don't hang on his own hook, but the biggest end the strongest always get the first place, until the tree is full and you think it won't hold no more. But, law, no sooner is the first layer hooked on and comfortably tucked up in their long, leathery wings, than another layer hooks on by their toes to the hooks on the wings of the first lot, They go on hooking on and hooking on till the whole lot is accom- modated, and there they hang in long strings from the boughs like sausages in a butcher's shop. I could tell you a deal more about 'em, but this hooking-on dodge is the thing I want you to notice most par- licular. I've given my idea of the West Sydney men, so now I'll go to the East Sydney — keeping on the track as near as I can. My next pair of raised men is Caldwell and Stewart. Well, this brings me to the flying foxes. They got their berths by hooking on to Charley Cowper; and there's a good many more besides them as one their raising only to the same thing. They've been a hooking on and a hooking on to Charley now for the last two or three elections till they hang as thick in the Assembly as the foxes in the brush; and I rather reckon that if the electors don't look out sharp they'll have the whole blessed Cowperite mob hooked on one after the other, 'till there ain't room for no more. Caldwell isn't a bad sort of chap as things go. He ain't nothing in particular, and don't pretend to be it. He don't try on no respectable dodges, but comes in fresh from the shop, smelling of coffee and the grains of sugar on the cuffs of his coat. He can talk a bit, too, when he gets upon a subject he can handle; but he don't speechify, he sermonizes. You'd swear when be'd done, that it wasn't a member of Parlia- ment, nohow, as you'd heard. He don't go into nothing unless he can make a lecture on it, so as to kill two birds with one stone — give his opinion — and say something as'll do the members good. He's a long, thin, hungry-looking customer, with a face as sharp as a hatchet; but the sharpness is all in the face, — there ain't much in his noddle. He always wears his hair close propped, and it sticks up on end all round his nob, and makes him look, when he takes his seat in the House, as if he'd just met a ghost in the entry, and hadn't recovered from the fright. I should reckon as he had about the same principles as Love, for I see'd him vote exactly as Love did, at the time as I mentioned in my last sketch. He's a good, easy, soft kind of cove, as is to be talked over to any- thing, that is if you take him with the grain, but like honeysuckle timber, he cuts up blamed rough if you go against the run of the wood. He nearly quarrelled with the Emu Inn men, just at the very last minuit of the last election, about their wanting to work a cross to keep Parkes out; but he has been handled gentler since then, end is now pretty well broke in. I don't want to say nothing hard of Bob Stewart, seeing as he's a countryman of mine; but if he'd really had the respect for the "institutions of the country," as he's always talking about, he wouldn't have gone poking his shallow pate into Parliament, and keeping a better man out. He ain't a bad sample of a native to look at, though he ain't exactly the one I should have picked even for that. I think I could have found a better specimen down about Congewoi — do you take? Well, Stewart ain't too tall, nor he ain't too short, nor he ain't fat, nor he ain't thin; but he's just a decentish size in length and width. He don't dress in professional black, but comes mostly in tweeds, because its country made and he's a protectionist; or else because he wants to take the down off of what he's been doing all day, and fancies the black 'll smell too much of the shop. He hasn't got a bad looking mug, perhaps a little dozyish about the eyes, but nothing remarkable so long as he don't push himself forward. But his face is set as hard ss if it was cut out of ironbark. There ain't no movement nohow in it. Whether he's indig- nant, or whether he's patriotic, there is always the same face. There ain't no play of muscles, but I set that dovn to the training the mug has had to do the serious line, so that whenever he's speaking, no mat- ter what it's about, he always looks as if he was heading a procession to the sand hills. But my word, it's when he speaks that he lets people see what a very shallow feller he is. He hammers and stammers at it, tilt it's hard work to make out what he's driving at, and then it ain't of much value when it is made out. Ten to one if it isn't something ss you have heard before much better said by some one else. I must do him the justice to say that he's got sense enough to know as he is a nuff, and keeps himself pretty quiet in the Assembly. But, law, there's very little thanks to him, for he couldn't make a long speech if he tried. Why, they used reg'larly to laugh at him when he went round to the public-houses speechifying at election time; and he used always to take some one with him as could speak, to say a good word for him. How ever they came to hook on two such precious muffs to Charley Cowper I never could make out, nor yet how Charley could be brought to stand it. He is a sharp 'un himself, and must have took their measure in no time. Perhaps he thought that where there was little brains there would be little danger, and that the bigger the fool the easier he'd be led. But he wasn't a good judge, for the more stupid a chap is, the more obstinate he always is. Like a jibbing horse, he won't neither pull nor back, but stick his four legs all wide cut, as much as to say, "Here I stand, and I won't budge no way for no one." Perhaps the East Sydney men thought as they had two such everlast- ing bright and clever men in Cowper and Parkes that it wouldn't be safe to send in any very wide awake coves with 'em for fear of setting the Assembly a fire, or perhaps they couldn't find any men with brains in their head as would do the dirty work they were wanted to do. I recollect when old Andy Bryant was selling off at his place to g0 away to a station, he took up on the New Countr y. There was a good few of useful things about the place, but there was a hlamed lot of rub- bish that nobody would ha' bought at no price. The auctioneer was a knowing dodger and he guaranteed to Andy to get 'em all off. Well, what does he do, but he puts 'em up something in this way :— " Gen- tlemen allow me to offer you," he was most ever- lasting polite was the auctioneer, "a parlour table and set of second-hand harness." The second-hand har- ness was all green- mouldy and rotten, but a lot of people there wanted the table and they bought it at a long figure on the strength of the harness. "The next lot,"says the auctioneer, "as I shall offer you, is six chairs and a quantity of useful ironware." The useful ironware was old horse shoes and broken bolts and rusty nuts and screws, as Andy had been collecting for twenty years without ever being able to make use of 'em. But the chairs sold 'em, though the buyer took home a load that 'ud never be no good to him. By ringing 'em in in this way with the things as people wanted, every thing was cleaned out at a good figure, Now that's just what I reckon has been done by the chaps that have the Sydney elections all to them selves. They'd got a stock of politicians on hand, that had been put off and put off with a promise of being hooked on at sometime or other until they wouldn't be put off no longer. Well, these chaps knew it was no good to offer men, as ignorant as a bundle of stone-hammers, by themselves. The electors wouldn't have 'em at no price; to, having got a tidy lot to offer in Cowper and Parkes, they just take the auctioneer's plan, and clap a lot of rubbish with 'em; and so Caldwell and Stewart are hooked on to Charley Cowper on one of the branches of the great Parliament tree. It was a very wide-awake little job, but it ain't a new cue. These some chaps have played the same game at every election, since they bunched poor old Plunkett out of Sydney. They've acted honourable to their party, for they've put in a good few of 'em in this way. But they've used up all their best men, and this last time they've got rather low down on their list to make a choice — so low, that I reckon the electors wouldn't have stomached them if it hadn't been for Jack Robertson getting up the southerly buster as he did, and blowing the dust of Free Selec- tion into their eyes, so as they couldn't see clear no way. However, that's blow'd over now, and if the men of Sydney East ain't ashamed of the two ninny- hammers as they've put in, I pity them, that's all. J. SMITH. Congewoi, Lower Hawkesbury. 