DR. LIVINGSTONE'S EXPEDITION. (.From the liverpool Albion, AugmtlS) A letter has boon received from Dr. Living- stone by the Rev. W. Monk, Cambridge. It is dated on board her Majesty's ship Pioneer, Shiro River, Jan. 2. After giving a brief account, tho extent, and atrooity of slavo hunt- ing in that district, aud also of a hostile en- counter his party had with tho Blave-hunting natives, which has already appeared in a pre- viously published letter, he proceeds to describo the country in which ho has bean travelling :. " Leaving the missionaries at a spot which to the cyo looks as if fifteen miles south of Mount Zoniba, and which will servo till a better locality is selected, wo returned to the ship, and in tho beginning of August carried a boat past Mur- chison^ Cataraots. Whpn wo launched her on tho upper Shire wo were virtually on tho lake, though sixty miles distant, becauso tho river is all smooth and deep, and has a gentle current. On the 2nd of September wo sailed into that island sea. It is surrounded with mountains, and from them rush down furious tempests with groat suddenness. Tremendous swells get up in fifteen or twenty minutes, and, had you ever crossed tho bar at Quillimano, you would know what I mean when I say that terrific rollers «arno across the lako with wnll-liko sides and hairy heads, breaking in from soven to fourteen fathoms. We were once caught a milo from tho shoro, and could neither advance nor recede for six weary hours. The men all dreadfully sea- sick, did not caro how Boon they went down, as they ' were dead alroady.' The rollers broke either beforo they reached or after they had passed our anchorage. The boat behaved ad- mirably, mounting up the steep billows like a sea-bird, but one roller breaking on her would havo ended our exploration. After this we were loss venturesome, and listened to tho utter- ance of our seaman, John Neil, as if ho had been, au oracle. Wo sailed along the western sboro, and found that side to bo a succession of bays. The southern end is shaped somewhat like Italyon tho map The ankle of the boot is the narrowest part, eighteen or twenty miles wido. It expands to- wards tho north to thirty-nvo, then to fifty or üisty miles. Tho length is over 200 miles, probably 225. Tho depth is very great. A fishing-line found bottom in a bay at 100 fathoms, or 600 feet ; but a milo outside nono was felt at 116 fathoms, or 096 feet. There are several small rounded rooky islands in this lake which, ore covered with forests, uninhabited, and used only as fishing stations. Detached rocks jut out adjacent to tlteso islands, and to all tho rocky headlands, which will be dangerous to navigators. With our present knowledge, a ship eould find ancborago only near the shore. Fish abound, and a prodigious population inhabits tho shores, and they catch fish by large nets, creels, hooks, torches, or poison. Alli- gators, very well fed on fish, seldom or never molest man, so wo could bathe in the delicious cool waters whenever we ohoso, a great luxury not to bo enjoyed in the Shire or tho Zambesi. The people wero civil-no dues were levied or fiues demanded ; but slaving is the ouly trade, Colonel Rigby, our Consul at Ranzibar, says, in a lettor to Sir George Grey, that 19,000 slaves pass through the cus- tom-house there annually-all, or nearly all, from Nyassa or Shire ; and he adds, ' If it should ever bo possible to place a steamer on Lake Nvassa, it will cutoff the chief supply of slaves to tho east coast.' Without knowing that gentleman's opinion, we havo ordered a steamer from Glasgow in twouty-four patts, which wo hope to carry past the cataracts as our next work. Wo expect her soon, and I shall not pen a syllable to you or anyone else till it is accomplished. I pray to him in whoso hand aro 'our times' to permit mo to accomplish this great service. Then a path to the sea hy Rovu ma, or some river in the dominions of the Sultan of Zanzibar, for we must havo an outlet to the sea uncontrolled by the Portuguese. Paney the folly of our allies; tho Government builds a post at the mouth of the Shire, to be en- riched by ootton dues, whilo tho people of Tetto do all in their power to depopulate the country from which the cotton is to como. If wo have our own outlet, tho cotton field, now 400 miles long, will bo prolonged far to the north and west, and our own English honest poor may live on the island and become blessings to Africa, our own sweet home, and to themselves. These aro my hopes, and it ought to bo borne in mind that my expedition should bo dated only from the possession of tbo Pioneer. We were forced to return by want of food, when, as we have reason to believe, we wero in sight of tho dark mountain masses iu which Lake Nyassa ends. A tribe of Zulus, originally from the south, had made terrible havoc among the lake people. We don't know why, as wo received only oue-sided statements, and never form an opinion on that sort of evidence ; hut human skeletons and pu- trid bodies of the slain strewed the shores 'man's inhumanity to man makes countless thousands mourn.' I met seven of theso Marito or Zulus ; they behaved much as wo may suppose old women of either sex would do if they fancied they had seen a ghost. In view of this tribe wandering up so far it strikes me that the moro work Christian peoplo attempt tho moro their Master gives them tu perform. The bishop at the Cape, with his Kaffir College, is probably fitting missionaries to labour much nearer the equator than bo over contemplated. I always rojoico to hoar of efforts to spread our blessed religion, no matter by whom, for I am sure that He who is head over all tilings to Ilia Church condescendu to accept the hearty, though often feeble, offoriug of His people, and will guide all to glorious consummation. This college seems an admirable institution. Frequent storms ren- dered it unadvisablo for us to attempt crossing to find out all about the matter for our- selves. It was tho first timo I ever was forced back without 'accomplishing what I had to do, but had I time to tell you all you would seo that further progress might havo proved fatal to us. We returned to the uppermost cataract, slung our boat to a shady tree, and walkod home, having in thrco months travelled, in going and coming, six hundred miles. Anything 'ntient' a growing interest in the mission of the Church will bo always welcome; systematic efforts to diffuse information ought to bo made. Without being particularly prone to grumble, I think thero is room for a growl at tho missionaries enlisting for threo or five years only. It is probably from want of knowledge of missionary work in Africa ; very few leave Africa without wishing to como back again, so it may all turn outright at last I hoar that tho Froo Church of Scot- land contemplates a mission out hore, and tho United Free Methodists are sending another mission, under Dr. Krapf, to the east coast. There is room for all, and for moro than will ever como. Burrup, Dickenson, and Clarke carno up tho Shiro in common country canoes, without knowing a.word of tho language, or a bit of the way. Burrup came first. In tho dusk of the evening, on the 15th November, 1 discerned a canoe struggling down a point of tho pland Dakanamois. Some English words emitted therefrom mado mo prick up my ears, and I said, ' Pull to tho port side.' ' What sido is that ?' responded Burrup. A capital fellow is ho. 