NEW SOUTH WALES. Wo liavo our files from this colony to tbo Gtb. Tho Herald gives, tho following additiontl particulars relating to tlio rocont fire i — TI10 building occupied by Messrs. Kow is entirely gutted ; tho four brick walls remain, but nro in somo places vory insocilre, having a bulging nppooranca ; within there is nothing but a fow charred rafters. Tlio Sydney Insu rance Company liavo given notico to Mr. Simmons that they abandon the risk, and will hand him over tho amount of liis insurance on tho building, namely, L1500. We understand that tho storo is to bo rebuilt, but it is only to bo two storeys in height, nnd to havo a Blato roof and glass windows and Bhuttcrs. Tho valuo of Messrs. How's stock, at tho timo of tho fire, is Btntod to have been about LIO, 000. Their insuranco only amounts to L7000 — tho Liverpool nnd London office having L5000 on tlio stock, and tho Nortliorn Assurance offieo, L2000. Somo men were omployod yesterday in clearing away the ashes, and succccdad in getting out a number of jars nnd bottles that lmd beon stored in tlio lower floor, nnd has escaped injury. Tho salvage, however, is not likely to go far towards indem nifying tho loss. A larger ninount of damago has been done to Messrs. Weekes and Co.'s storo than was at first anticipated. Tho storo was vory full at the timo of tho fire, and oxtens've inju-y was caused by tho fulling of tlio gable' end of Messrs. Bow's building, ss well as by tlio fire and water. Tho nppcnranco of tho atorc shows that tho flames must havo ragod very violently at one time, though tlioy woro evidently con fined to certain portions of tlio store, tho goods in somo places boing uninjured. It is probablo that but little of tho stock has been entirely destroyed : and as tlio vnrious articles show what damage has been sustained, the oxtent of tho loss will be ascertained without very much difficulty. Tho back of Messrs. Weekes and Co.'s stores being within a fow feet of the book of Messrs. 0. Moore and Co.'s old auction rooms, now unoccupied, nn application wns mado to that firm to allow of tho damaged goods boing temporarily romovod there, in order that tlio damago may bo valued nnd the condemned goods sold bv auction. Messrs. Moore and Co. having readily given their con sent to tho proposal, a door is being nutclo through tlio back wall of Mossrs. Wcokes nnd Co.'s storo ; a Btogo will bo carried up to tho back window of tho nuction room, and tho goodB at onco removed thitlior. The storo at tho rear of Messrs. Cohen and Co.'s clothing establishment adjoins the building in which tho firo broko out. Tlio wall of tho latter, having bulged inwards, bus parted from that of tiio store, leaving an opening of Boveral inches. Tho store, which belongs to Mr. S. H. Harris, of Wyuyard square, and is insured in tho Liverpool and London office, is but littlo injured; but MosBrs. Colion's goods, which consist of clothing nnd general drapery, sustained considerable damage. Tho firs burned a quantity of blankets and other goods, but tho principal loss appears I o havo beon occasioned by water. MesBrs. Cohen's stock is insured in tho Victorian Insuranco Company for L1G00. Fortunately tho store had been recently slated, otliorwiso nothing could havo saved it and tho adjacent buildings in George street from destruction. Messrs. Dawson, Eager, nod Co.'s premises, in Georgo street, entirely escaped injury, although tho back portion was within twelve feet of tho scene of conflagration. A building belonging to Mr. Simmons, and rented by the above firm, situated between Messrs. Bow's stores nnd Mr. Finch's shop in King street, was damaged by tho falling over of tho southern gable of tho burning store, About a quarter of tho roof is broken in, but the loft contained only pocking eases, and nono of the drapery goods were injured. The back promises of Messrs. Coutin and Griffiths' drapery establishment extend parallel to tho eastern wall of Messrs. Bow's storo, at a distanoo of some fifteen feet. Til fire caught tho woodwork nnd melted the gut tering, but it was prevented from extending through the strenuous oxortions of the young men employed in tho establishment. A good deal of tho stock— comprising, among other articles, drapery, shawls, mnntlos, silks, nnd velvets — waa injured by water, but it is at present impossible to give any estimate of the extent of tho damago. Tlio building, which is slightly injured, is tho propertyof Mr. Bossitor, and is insured in tho Liverpool nnd London wtuw A", ajauuu. AUkvaaio. uuuiui UliU VAriJUVUH are insured on tho Block -in their back promises in tho same office for L6000. Their stock in tho front Bhop is insured for L2500 in tlio Colonial Insuranco Company of Victoria, nnd for L4000 in tho AUianco office. Upon these joint risks they make a claim of L100 for damage done by water. A subsequent examination oi tho locality has served to give greater probability to tho suppo sition that the firo was caused by the entrance of a spark from ono of tho neighbours' chimneys through an opon window, causing the ignition of Bomo loose straw, of which there was a quantity in tho upper floor. Somo inflam mable goods were kept in tho lowor floor, but thero were nono in that part of tho building where the firo originated. Blight in Orange Trees.— A mooting took placo at Paramatta on tbo afternoon bf tho 4th, of persons interested in tbo -cultiva tion of oranges, tho object of tlio assemhly being to devise tlio best means of obooking tho disoaso which has lately manifested itself amongst tlio orangeries of Kissing Point and Paramatta. We publish the following extract from tlio Herald's report 1— Specimens of trees and fruit attacked by the blight woro produced, as also tho roots and butt of a tree, in which tho affection appeared confinod to tho extre mities. It will bo seen from what follows 1 that great difference of opinion prevails ns to tlio nature and origin of tho visitntion, some persons boing under tlio impression that it is occasioned by a sort of aphis, while others imagine tho prime source to ho in the roots— the cocus, or insect, not appearing till decay below baa advanced to a cortnin stnge. But be tho cause what it mav. it ia nm-fntn n,„ matter is one of a serious nature, tho destruc tion already done being vory' groat ; while in the absence of any known effectual remedy, nn interest on wliieh the districts mainly depend 13 placed in jeopardy. Tlio chairman said that his attention was first drawn to the ina-ct pest by a paragraph in a magazine, which had been republished m tho daily journals. Now, know ing that such an insect prevailed amongst tlio orange trees hero for somo timo past, he bad called this mectingin order that they might tako stops to discover tbereal nature of tho disease, and to arrest its ravages. There were on tho lablo specimens of tho wliito and rod insects, nnd also tho roots of a tree in which disenso was apparout. And as there were so many practi cal men in tho room, I10 had no doubt they would be able to originnto somo stop for getting a remedy- Ho might say that it was liis inton- tior. to hove proposed tho formation of an association, which might offer a premium for the best essay on the subject, and also corre spond with thoso countries in which tho orange was extensivoly cultivated. By somo such moans lie believed tlioy might effect the object in view. With regard to the insect, ha might montion Hint ho had successfully used coal- liquor, or nmmonincal water, obtained from tho Sydnoy Gas Works. In tlio caso of two or three trees this had answered admirably, nnd I10 staled tho foot, in order that some of thoso preBont might try it on a more cxtoiiBivo scale. Ilio liquor could be obtained very cheaply and should bo used in tho proportion of ono bucket to twelve buckets of water ; sprinkled ovor the tree and nppliod to tlio roots it destroyed tlio insects effectually, apd had this further recom mendation, that it wns nn excelleut manure. Ho would now like to hoar some suggestions as to tho real nature of tho disenso from any one that might bo able to afford them. Tlio Bev. Mr. Turner gave it as his opinion, donved from eomo littlo experience, that the prirno eausQ of tho disease roots, induced by wet seasons ondTr'" i planting. The roots boenmo marerat ?t8 ia 7 mode of planting ; tho wet induct? . 4 > «'o \ and decnv of tho bark, nnd a ?,m l0llinB ; ' what analogous to mortification 80rt>e- 1 system onsuod-eomplotolyde.troyW0,.ani»>«l ' m the courao of fivo or six years it v. 0 trc<> ; 1 the insect devolopemont was but'a rel.' I61 disenso, for which ho thought it w„ ,of ll'o « 1 possiblo to doviso any oure. Proven ! c "n I case of future crops, was, h0 the,, u""'10 ' I utmost thoy could hopo for r' "'0 I M'Dnuenll differed from this VL_ A: 1 1 matter. Tho insects wore no criterion ",- 11,0 | m tho rootB, for ho had lost nbovo? !i 5as 1 trees, and lind never soon an fol f"sand 1 orchard. Mr. Pyo questioned whothCrnhis I were not two distinct discuses-lfo " 1 H I tho cocus nnd that spoken of in ? oi bf 1 Mr. Isnno Shepherd, of Kissinr. pi- f.roots' I differed from the proposition of Mr "r 'aa 1 Ho had on extensive oxperier.co nf -1 growing, and on Mr. Moore suggosti,,? 1 that oxcesalvo moisture generated fl, i- 111111 1 ho had shown that gentleman such w I caso, for it attacked trees in all b!i„«i- 1,0 il some, that lind beon growing for «ivi ns— ) and others that had not been planted ml y,c,nr!' i i six months. It was not confined, moreover T H any particular Boil ; if prevailed in ,lV ' lo M moist ground alike. Ho could not Vvan4 9 therefore, tlint tho insects originated ii'0,?' H root. Tho wliito insect mado it9 nn'.' ,,l|! 9 on ono tree first at Mr. Dovelin's oreb? 1 Cl> ll for a long timo tho disenso was eonfinedfo i1Dd fl 0110 tree. Since then it had spread all .V ? il and nl looked tho whole orchard Tl,„ 1 19 insect ho (Mr. Shepherd) found could h k 19 rid of by manuring, cleansing, and nmm .?ot 11 tho growth of the (rocs as much a? nl fl Mr. James Byrnes inquired of Mr sil? !' H whether in the caao of tho trees atlnelfi" 9 Mr. Dovelin's orchard, any oxaminatio £ 9 .boon mado to ascertain whether diaensa 1; ? I 111 the root? Mr. Shepherd replied tW 1 ordinary examination waa mado bv d!" 1 around the butts, but no diseaso was anm,'1".8 I Several of the trees that hod be cuu""- I however, had evidently porialiod at the ro' fl tn reply to a series of questions proposed 1 9 different gentlemen, Mr. Shepherd said he da fl not think excessive moisture was tlio cause r fl disease m tho root before tho of 9 nor did he think tho insect dor fra 9 ment followed necessarily upon the „7P" 9 tion of tho roots. Mr. Kenvon " lfec: to boliovo that tho diseaso arose (Jf drainage and had subsoil, tlZ two4 1 combining to produce the effects seen in tlle ?0o 9 before tho meeting. Dr. Greenup said ho wd 9 planted a number of trees in the ml" M described by Mr. Turner— the manner in fn / 11 that was generally followed-and in tlio CourV» II of four or five years thoy wore all dead rr„ M had, however, failed to discover nnv irar-LTf 11 disease, 1.1 the roots. Mr. M00W ' a tor fl oxplaming tlio stato in which h0 faindT f l trees at Kissing Point, proceeded to (ay tW fl the disease was entirely now. It was p| known m Europo or in any country wl.eroltn III orange grow. In thoso countries, of 000?! M tlio trees were subject occasionally to a coca? H but tho attack had no suoh effect as in thU 9 ease. There waa no work that would give any 9 insight into this diseaso, so far as ho knew - 19 at any rate ho could find none. lie had found 9 this much, however, that in Europe tlio 9 manure was novor nllowod to approach tho 9 sockets of the plant. The hint might be useful, fl and ho should advise that wherovor disoaso w, s I observed in tho root, the pait should bo out I away, nnd at the same timo tlio branches I of tlio tree trimmed down. Of tho general I nnturo of tho affection now prevalent ho did I not profess to be acquainted ; ao believed they must look 011 it ns an ontirol; now disease— possessing pocnlinr features," just ns did tho I potato disease in Ireland, whiffi was for a long I time erroneously attributed to a species of I aphis. Mr. Devlin snid I10 first noticed tho M insect on one tree in his orciard about fivo I years ago. It was confined to ho one tree, and I uttneked only tho butt for abiut two years fl when it extondod, and affected tio whole. Ho fl found tlio troo sound at tho riots, nnd the fl bark to nil npponranoo in good irdor. Since 9 then I10 had taken up other troosiand in most H ii 'Stances found traces of disoaso n tho roots. H These latter had been planted toi deep nnd in 9 moist ground, as he noticed that to fibres woro 9 decayed nnd dead. Mr. T. Shahcrd (of tho Darling Nuraorj) being called ipon, rceom- 9 inonded tho formation of nn asscialion to deal 9 with the matter. Ho believed lnisclf that tho 9 long succession of wot seasonseoupled with defective planting, had sorathing to do I with tlio visitation. Tho cseaso in tho I largor root produeod ho cosidcred alto- 9 (rnt,lini« flifTnrpnf. fVnrw flmf _ ai._ .« H n_„. _ u tug 01/ier specimens. It was a sort o choking 0p strangulation, that might bo nccunted for bv I a hard subsoil. Mr. Shophord us further of fl opinion tlint a necessary improvmcnt would fl bo secured by grafting on to aomeoldcr grow- fl ing orange or seedling; otherwise tho qualify 9 of tho fruit must inevitably dotenrate. Mr, fl Statham mentioned, as compilor ofho mefcoro- fl logical tables of the district, thai tlio rainfall fl of tho last four years was fifty lohes to tlio Jfl year, or 200 inohes for tho four ears. This fl was quito sufficient to account foiho mnccra- H tion and decoy spoken of by lo Bev. Mr. H Turner. Mr. Holroyd moved-" Tlint an fl association be formed, to bo k>wn as tho fl Cumberland Orange Growers' Aseiation, end fl that a provi-ional committee, cisisting of fl Mr. Oakes, Mr. James Byrnes, M Pye, Mr. fl M'Dougall, Dr. Greenup, Mr. jvliii, Kev. fl Mr. Turner, lind Mr. Shepherd, 1 chosen to fl draw up tlio necessary regulationsand report fl to a genoral meeting to bo hold c Saturday, fl the 18th instant, at 2 p.m., wlionho officers fl will bo selected." Mr. Statham sonded tho fl motion, which was put and passe and tlio fl proceedings terminated ; many ofoo gentle- fl men, however, remaining to amino tlio fl specimens in tlio room by tho aid fa micro- fl scope furnished by tho Bev. Mr. Kv, fl The Late Colonel SnADFan.— We, fl S. M. Herald, liavo to record the dth, nt tho fl residence of his Bon, Eveleigh HoitsiCouipcr- H down, of Colonel Shadfortb, nn old d highly H respect ed colonist.. For some weekmst tlia Oolom 1, who had arrived at tho ndveed ego H of ninoty-ono, had been confinod to s room, H nnd on Monday afternoon last lioupircd, H without pain, in the prcsenco of sometembers H of bis family. Tlio following brief etch of H tbft Ilfo of fcllft (Iflfififlfififl ftlltdnn will fin irl nltli eonoralintorostthroughont theeolonyi-lolonel 9 Shndforth was desoended from an old ISthum- berland family,. and of that county haras a H landed proprietor at tho time of his d.li. Be 9 was born in 1772, but, though a youtr eon, his parents woro in sufficiently easyreum- H Btances to obviate tho necessity for hiollow- B ing a profession, and it wus not unl 1708, 9 when twonty.six years of age, that 3 wis fl induood by Ilia cousin, now General Sl'fortb, and schoolfellow, now Goneral Sir E. Ikonay H (then homo on furlough), to enter llnrmy. H Contrary to his expectation-, ho was lorod, B as soon as hojoinod, to tho IVestidics, fl whore I10 remained till early in 180twlicn lio joined the 57th Begiment a Gib- H raltar. Thoncoforward ho was engid in fl most of tho ovontsof that stirring porioif "10 Peninsular war, inoludiug tlio battle of isaco, actions of Pomba and Bodinhn, and go of Badsjos, until the battle of Albuora, febt in fl 1811\. Ho was there wounded in tho a, and hnd I113 kneo.so sororoly shattored by oillot, tlint pieces of tho bone liavo on varioooes- sionB flince oomo away, and tho wounaovee H honied, but required daily dressing up tlio time of liis death. Albuora, for tlio nucr of men engaged, was tho most bloody b.o of tho Peninsular war, and tlio 57th borePW- minont part there, more than 400 out »'0 H being killed or wounded, including tho onel H nnd 22 out of 27 officers engagod. Parjicnt gnvo a vote of thanks for this victory, pro- H posing which tho member who mnit '0 H motion in tho House of Commons ndd u'" words " moro especially to tho 57th Bepnn, H where every wound was in front." TliosUy H of his wounds prevented Colonel ShpiJ from further nctivo part in tho war, tlioi bo H remained in Spain till liis rogiraont wns ci'-j H to America, whither ho noooinpanied i U" Napoleon's return from Elba, tlio ret'ujii«a H ordered to Europe, but urriv-.p Lte H <"rr::=7i«n tlioucli it formed n portion 41 oe'cnpaUonot Peris. In 1820, f|l,Sfslmdfortl> brought the 67th Eegimcnt Lionel Sh»<» cn routo for India, hut the It I" ll"!f t,vo members of liis family induced 01 | cre Ho was connected with li» "Vibe commercial companies that came Os!t ,nco about this period, as well into cXI8f "itli every cliantablo and literary P |l" including the Savings Bank, of .ititot;0".', ono of tho cnrlieBt promoters „)iich b® Colonel Shadforlh'B two eldest .alt 6i,cC'01 '.-rod the 57th Eegiment. Tho ion! b?'1.1 the Usher of tho Block Rod— ilJt'0f , .lf.riDv i tho second attained tho jilt® "'j r ti,o regiment, and fell at its head Bsnil 01 fl|l nttaok upon tlio Bedan. in the «"' of colonel Shadforih's remains Il'eint.crn!,laco to-day, end will, in ao.-ordanco ii t»B|;ecinl request, bo of n private elm- rictf' P.UIIKO AlTEMrl AT MAIL ASOTti" „itiEe,ice reached Sydney eavly "f mornim;- ('W>)> to tho effect.' thai 1" l ad mode a murderous attack upon i«o»c"" curries tho moil-post between the b»I , 0f (ho adjoining districts. It Fid""?" t)l0 lad was riding along the road, l®s ! - men in question suddenly sprung ' V the bush and seized lus horse s Ttlio samo time ordering him to dis I Instead of complying with tho m.ni- ®r lie rufltans, tho lad clapped spars to 13 . n end broko clear away. Ono of tlio ti! ten deliberately drew a pistol and flrbd I cii1'1"1 (|10 8hot taking effect in tho npin tho mting to the lungs. Tho I bicti and p ot yCt hccu obtained, but partienmrs m.,il wus presorved, and M learn youth who thus risked his (bat tlio R (0 Sydney for medical aid. life is nan oN TnE Clyde Eoad — On sticki- nbrty oi threo armed men,1 in Juetuay mo3(. iawlcss manner, took (ho botuc Qiyclo road, at tho top of tho poKMi Bion _j nlnin, and levied block mail I S"gflr l ' r3.hv. Tho first parties whom I "P" , ' .lin at a little boforo threo o'clock in I ; :&!>;«ro Mr. Backhouse's son and I , ,„i,irr who were returning from Boidsdnlo, I tiers they had been to hear tlie arobbisliop, I j when tlicy bad got about a milo and a I f.lf bevond Monga threo armed men rushed I i nfflio scrub, and aftor intimidating them, I bok 2s from tho girl end L2 10s from tho I I»r being all the money they had about tliem. I ft.' robbers then took them iuto tho bush, I accommodating tliem to a sapling seat, "red tliem to it and left them. Immediately » if. fflitMAnriA flillnrrnW. Iiiq HArtiiftw n m aftertnis ur. A i -b-v --i— — > - arrival from home, whom ho had gone to I rjet at Nclligen, accompanied by anothor I on wcro pouncod upon about tlio samo plaeo w these three desperadoes, and ordered to Amount on pain of tlio most unpleasant eon- fl wiiences. This party was likowiso tnkon into ;j hash, and, aftor tying their hands and B \ everything they bnd on tliem was ran- flcied, tho rosult of which, however, as mh tho other case, could hardly liavo proved M efficiently remunerative for the undertaking,' oslrU being found in their possession. Aftor |i,e jrit surprise had worn off, and Gillogcly's H rorty looked about them, they discovered tlio I Bickliouses not far off them, fellow captives like. Two of tho robbors then made off, | tiling with tliem the horses, nnd eliorlly | ilieronrils .the one who stayed lo keep guard | over Ilia prisoners removed Gillogcly's party, | at! by one, and tied tliem in another part of Idtbush away from the BackliouBes. About | men o'clock the fellow loft them, immediately Mifttr wliioh Mr. Gillogcly's nopliew managed 1 1) release himself from bondage, and then freed | lie rest of tho party! Mr. Gillogoly's horse, |vlich was kuookod up, tlio robbers loft with | lie Backhouses, nnd took ono of theirs instead. Bile horse of Mr. Gillogcly's which was taken Irs a dark brown, branded TG off rump. Tho Bobbers had red liight oops over their faces, and flcide away by a path cut through tho bush flblo ono of the gullies. Mr. Gillogcly camo :io town lato at night and apprised the police |ftho affair, and Mr. IVillshiro at onco dis- Inched some of tho force in pursuit of thom, jBbtwo Micro t hot no trace of their route has Hisi discovorcd to warrant any hope of their pBv.:eapturri. — Sraidwood Dispatch, » 'ee Ij ac ii lax. — Tlio Culodonia prospectors and 2 liuve struck heavy gold. One nd a-half ounce was washed out of an ordi- . isry tekct of dirt on Saturday last, and ono Hef the pieces weighed three-quarters of nil Hecate. This lias caused considerable excite- Hntnt along the course of tho lend. . For some |diti past there linvo been rumours to the effect | lilt gold hud been obtained in payable quan- Htilies at the Pinnacle, but on making inquiries |ve cannot learn that anything has occurred to Bnrrant any excitement. It iB woll known |lhat gold lias been obtained for some timo past, but not in quantities sufficiently largo to warrant its being reported to tlio commissioner! ifr. Burgis1 boring machine, under tlio |aaiiagcincnt of Mr. John Woods, engineer, claims 1 qnd 2, South Bead, has, at a dis- nk, bottomed, on throo or throe and a-half Hkcf wasiidirt, at 154 feet from tlio surface. richness of the wash brought up by tlio jBtiir was a very agreeable surprise to tlio jBtiiiliolders and nil present. The washing Hni witnessed by numbers of persons from Kre; of dirt weighing four lo six ounces. As ciaras thirty and forty specks of gold wcro Brihined, somo of wiiich were rough and iktty, Tho greatest activity now provnils on crannd. All tlio diggers are busy shifting Wtir slabs, etc., and mailing preparations for Buling in a lino with thi. very promising Wtoofof rich ground in the locality. — Observer Wednesday. H Wholesale Cattle Stealing-. — A corro- Bjpiuilent writes, from Murrurundi ns fol- hni— "On Tiiesdny night Inst, I'olioo fegcmt Slicridnii proceeded to tho residenoo a person named Josopli Birkley, about ono '"'mlf miles from Murrurundi township, lately obtained a lieonco to slaugbtor i ound upon tho promises eleven "Mbs brands' of. wliioh linvo beon identified ®V, aid also thirty-nine liend of liro \- ( most f nliioli aro Mr. Olifft's property, tncse caltlo weie in charge of Birkjoy's boy, bringing tlicru in froin lierding. uutiey has also a boiling down establishment, r ,? "bsconcfcd. Tliero is littlo donbt, how- "itbat . very 'shortly ho will bo in custody. ra,,wi1. in power give to tho district K, .police protection" whioli is required f 13 no amounted trooper in thodistiict. jf'ro kept in Maitinud, Tamwortli, and iule, while on our Plains, where robbery car.ri!c 011 b 11 fearful extent — , """'Was stopped and robbed, two of Biif u ' ""'8 place, somo fouvteoti liours m, , wbbery, had to run all over K " to jborrow horses to go iu .pur- Kn-i i 'I0 lmvo ono, at least, or two Ka , ntro|at Wnllabadoh and Quirindi, r I1 m''C8 from Murrurundi, a part 38 t b110"M be to visit tlio various Hill n """Pi"'"8 — tlio Mooki, Black Creole, tCiH ?'no Cooraa Cooma, Kinr ii a ,,ncl other stations on tlio sajIrTi f?u.llt'e1'3 will novor oenso to bo Klrk n1 m :!"to f a'l t'loy ran do. .But -|C!0 Llou.n(:ocl men (and tboy must "ted l,„ 10 C;n r' Hf'y.or sixly miles a day <li dni„r ,meu Uodily incapable of any an.„y,'1 ol"5 80 stationed, and tliero wiil B"listnFi » 3, stealing rufllana in BsiuiU.' tilings aro at present, tlioy Hi of wi"1 lmP"nity. Fancy fifty Koftl,n i t r.ou2''t within a milo and a Htlio nmiJi ' J? lo 'J0 siitughlo'rbd,' noarly llioct r„j y- 01,0 man- I can assort, HksoU ! 0 co,1trftdietio!i, that in the HniiciJ.:01'- ,1'? uro moro oaltle stolon ''icis if ln ,us f'striot than in any four tl,y likn ,i? c?y' Uoot police, in a Hf'l'thc illn iS" lr' herald, of tho H«»Ve I !fWlng lEt,lor Si,'-A short "rsluahl n„er<> ®. enough to insert in H"19' the rnifr ? ,Ei',tor n,i"i suggest- '"clioii imli'v l fir oooouraging tho l0(l to n, « j , b!3 should be mndn to 1 adder q-s n a's0 of annkos BPpcsri in r ot a letter has reryed v fUl" ,,oolumns suggesting or , ml., , , 'ho pois in . . of tlio jioundod, I presume, on . tho well-known historical foot (referring to ono of onr early kings and liis devoted wife), namely, the suction of tho wound inflicted by tho bite, together with tho iramodiato applica tion of tho tourniqucttc. But if tho suction bo made by a party about whose lips or mouth tliero may bo tho slightest puncture, tho virus of tlio roptilo will affect such party, and the remedy may bo worse than tho disease. In reading an American novel, " The Quadroon," (ho other day, I found in tlio 35th chapter the hero of tlio talo is stated to have been bitten by tlio " orolalus " (tlio rattlc-snako) whilst in tho bush nnd far away from medical assistance. The lioro at once applies tobacco to tlio wound, but this not answering the pur pose desired, ho fortunately mcots with a run away slavo, who undertakes tho euro, which was effected ns thus narrated in tho novel : — Tho slave " with his knifo blade was digging around a plant, as if to raiso it by tho roots. It was a small herbaceous plant, with erect simple stem, oblong lanccolato leaves, and a terminal spiko of not vory conspicuous white flowors. Though I know it not then, it wns tlie famed ' snake-root' (Polygala senega ). In a fow moments ho had romoved tho earth, and then; .drawing out tho plant, shook its rools free of Iho mould. I noticed that a mass of woody, contorted rhizomes, somewhat thicker than those of tho sarsaparilla briar, adhorcd to tho Btem. Tlicy wero covered with ash- coloured bark, and quite . inodorous. Amid the fibres of these roots lay the antidote to tho" snake-poison — in their sbp was tlio pre servation of my life 1 Hot a moment was lost ill preparing them. There wore no hieroglyphics norLatinic phraseology employed in tho prescription of tho snako-ohnrmor. It was comprised in tho phraso ' Chaw it,' and along with this Bimplo direction, a piece of tho root scraped clear of the bark was put into my hand . ' I did as I was desired, and in a moment I had reduced tho root to a pulp, and was swallowing its snnitary juices. The taste was at first rather sweotish, and engendored a slight feeling of nausea; but as I continued to chow, it becamo hot hnd pungent, producing n peculiar tingling sensation in tho fauces and tliroat. Tlio slavo now ran to tho nearest brook, filled one of his ' brogans' with water, and returning washed my wrist until tho. tobaccojuico was all removed from tho wound.' Having himself chewed a number of the leaves of the plant into n pulpy mass, ho placed it directly upon tho bitten part, and then bound up tho. wound. In a vory short time, a profuse perspiration broko out ovor my wholo body, and I began to cxpecto- aulu iibuijr x iutj uiurcotui) a strong inciinQ tion to vomit, which I should have done had I swullowed any moro of tho juice ; for, taken in largo doses, tlio soneoa root is a powerful cmetio. But of tho feelings I experienced at that moment, the most agrecablawas the belief that I was cured 1 " Tho season is fast ap proaching when tli ose deadly roptilos— the Bnako and adder — aftor bo mild a winter, may bo expected to appear in largo numbers, and thereloro I have ventured to trespass thus at length, in tlio sincere hope through tho pub licity vouchsafed by tho Herald, that tho plant (Polygaln senega) may bo found in tho colony, nnd even if not, that by thus inviting the attention of medical men and other botanists to tho subject-matter of this letter, some essen tial good, under Providenco, may result. — S. S. B. ' , Suspected Mubdeb.— Tlio Ballaarat . Star has ths accompanying paragraph On [Fri day forenoon, tho body of a man was" found in an old shaft or water-hole, near tlie Into Monte Christo Company's o'nim, Littlo Be'ndigo.' Somo Chinese had beon working in tho vicinity of tlio place whore the body was discovered, and had abandoned tho ground somo weeks ago ; tlicy returned to work it , on Friday morning, and found tho body as described. Tlio deceased is said to bo about forty years of ace, fivo feet seven or eight inohes- in height, with largo sandy whiskors and moustaoho, bald on the top of tlie head, dark complexion, broad face, short nose, and of stout build. Ho was dressed in blaok cloth trousers, plaid necktie, white shirt, blucher boots, and had a gold ring on ono of tho lingers, but was without a ooat. On tlio head is a severe scalp wound, and on- .tliq left templo a wound or fraoture of several- inches in extent. About three weeks ago some Chincso found a coat iu tho locality containinglottors addressed to "Thombs Firth," and also a memorandum book, in which wero papers and letters ; one of tho letters was addressed to tho Bov. Dr. Bloasdald, St. Patrick's Collogo, Melbourne." Tlie'doeessed was .evidently a plasterer, and hod several agreoments for work of this kind in the me morandum book. He bad also a lottor in his possession, written by a female, -who signed herself "your friend Maggie," in which.- alio expressed the h'opo "that ho still kept tho pledge." Several contracts for plustercr's ) work performed in Collingwood wore . also found in Iho! pockots of tho ooat. From the severe marks on the skull it is co'njooturod tlint ho must linvo beon murdered, .or else havo fallen down tlio shaft but tho lattor hypo thesis is considered untenable, seeing tlint tho coat was found somo distance from tho plaeo whore tlio body was lying. Tho deceased must linvo been dead soma weeks, judging from tlio; decomposed stnto of the body." An inquest will bo hold. on it this day (Satur day). Equipments op the Federal Soldiers. — Thoro is no uniformity of knnpsnok in tho United Statos' army, and of the great variety of pattern I havo seen none which appear nt all desirable. Big, shapeless, flat bags in oil skin, loaded with coats and blan.kots, do duty for neat, compact, well-arranged "sacks, though there are exceptions in somo regiments to that remark. The moil suffered evidently from bad packing, hut still, more, perhaps, from having beon permitted to march in their great coats. Their trousors wore worn out nt tlio ends from tlio mud, their boots run down at the heols or broken, nnd tho flapping looped hats, tlio most hideous " war bonnet " ovor contrived, looked limp; and mouldy irom tho rain. But there wore the men inside, mostly stout, fine young fellows, capable of nny service, if well led, nfior a littlo experience, Thoy had marched about fourteen miles, and it was evident that many of thom wcro "dead beat." Many -fell out and sat by tlio roadside. Others limpod slowly after, or were pilod up in tho covered wogo is. — The Times, . . A Scene on the "Sweet Waters." — On Friday last a three-pared caique, containing a Bmall party of Turkish ladies, attended by a black female slave, was rowing up from tho Horn towards tho scene of tho day's al fresco enjoyment. Oloso boliind tliem followed another oniquo wilh two Effondis, whoso atten tions soon becamo more marked than agrcoablo. Frcquont efforts had beon made to shako them oil'— by quick rowing, by slow rowing, and by indignant appoals to them to paBS on. But ail in vain ; thoy continued to dog tlio unappre- oiativo fair ones till tho oaiquo of tlio" lattor reached tholanding plaeo up tho valley. There, . as if Anally won over to civility, tho black slavo mado signs to tho amorous couple to approach, This they did, in tlio fond' belief that they bad atlastmadd an impression,' nnd wore about to have, nt least, a rendezvous ; but, instead of vouchsafing this, tlio black Blare, Abigail, seized the boat hook of her caique as thoy enmo alongside, and soundly belaboured both amidst tho loud laughter of the orowding spectators, boforo cseapo wus possiblo. Thoy fiually bent a rot rent down tho river, alternately hissed and laughed nt, till beyond tho wooden bridge. — Lsra >6 Herald, 14th May. The United Kingdom Shipownino Com pany. — Under this titles joint-Btoek company, on tho limited liability principle, has been started. It is proposod to acquire first-olass iron ending ships, to bo omployod in tho pas senger and general carrying trade, and to commenco with a capital of L300.000, raised in 30,000 shares' of L10 eaoli, with power to increase tlio capital to LI, 000, 000, if circum- stancos call for' suoli nn extension. The project appears a feasiblo ono, and bo favour ably lias it boon roocivod by capitalists that, although- only recontly announced," tlio shares, wo are informed, have already been quoted at ."J to J premium. — Liverpool Albion, The man who would try to stnbn ghost would stick at nothing. .... 