A GHOST STORY. There had so long been a succession of English families at the Chateau de Fleurval that the old gardener, who was a fixture! there, had managed to pick up a good deal of the language be to constantly heard, and was able to speak it intelligibly. He did not, accordingly, neglect nis acquirement, but whenever he had an opportunity, which was often enough, would talk with the servants and teU them strange stories of the place, till at length he fairly succeeded in convincing them that the house was haunted. It may readily be believed that those who heard these stories did not keep them to themselves: secret-keeping is not the habit of their class. The children learnt them in whispers, and the whispers spread till they reached the ears of Mr. and Mrs. M'Gnuiite, strong-minded persons both, but not altogether inaccessible to superstition. .They, of course, discouraged all such " idle claversbut say what they pleased, they could not prevent an uncomfortable feeling, a sense of something " uncanny," from prevailing, of which they had their share. Nothing, however, in the shape of personal experience had chanced to confirm the rumoured ghostly visitation, and Mr. M'Granite had far too much worldly wisdom to think, like his predecessors. of shifting his ground before he was actually invaded. " Let's ha'c nae mair o' this nonsense," he said, somewhat angrily, when the subject was broached by the fireside, one dark October evening; by Sandy, the eldest of the red-hafod trite, " let's ha'e nae mair of this daft nonsense about longbearded span-its, and Turks, and Calmucks, and Scotch barbers, and the Lord knows what! Gang till yer beds every oue r' ye,—and mind that I donna come round wi' a birch twig to fright ye in good earnest!" Let no one say that thrift was at the bottom of this abrupt dismissal, though Mr. M'Granite fully appreciated the advantage of not wasting fire and candle; let us rather set it to the right account,—a laudable desire to keep up the courage of his family, by throwing contempt upon all supernatural manifestations. Domestic affairs, into which it is not necessary to enter, had so arranged the interna) economy of the Chateau de Fleurval, that Mr. M'Granite slept alone, aloof from the partner of his bosom. His bedchamber, a large oblong room, was situated on the first floor, at the foot of the turret that flanked the western extremity of the building, mention of which has already been made. There was a door of communication between this room and the turret, but it had not been opened since the M'Eronites came to the chateau, and was generally supposed to be barred outside, as well as bolted and locked within. Mir. M'Granite, therefore, always went to roost as calmly as the old white owl—Hulot, he was called—that occupied the dilapidated tenement overhead. Mr. M'Granite'a bed- chamber, though huge and lofty, was not a cheerful-looking place. The windows, of which there were two at each end, were curtainless and bare; the pode of blue china, with its long tubular chimney that ran wall, was suggestive of cold rather than beat, for it never held a fire. The parquet consisted, not of polished wood, but of dull red tiles; and not an inch of carpet kept the feet from their chilly contact; as to the bed, it was high and bread, and naked of aspect, hangings having been thought a superfluity. The furniture of the room corresponded with Hie rest of the apartment—an old fauteui! of faded yellow velvet, and three or four chairs to match, being all it contained. I forget ; there was also by the bed-head a small tafcic de nuit, on which Mr. M'Granite . set his candle while he prepared for his couch. On the night that witnessed the stern ejectment of his offspring from the tafon, but three or four hours later Mr. M'Granite withdrew to rest as usual. He had previously occupied himself with a book, selecting one from liis scanty library that treated of the topography and antiquities of his own part of Scotland, partly for the entertainment he always found in it—often as he had read it through—and partly to distract his thoughts from local objects. The bode was in bis hand even after he went to bed, but he did not read long; the eold made him shiver. He put out the light, buried his head beneath the clothes.and verv soon was fast asleep, making quite as much noise as old Hulot,but in a different key. It is all ray well to pull the bedclothes over your head, but the thing is to keep them there. This, apparently, Mr. M'Granite was not able to do; for, cold as he was when he lay down, he woke up absolutely starved, with not a particle of covering over him save the garment he slept in. It was no accidental displacement; the counterpane, blanket, and sheet had been literally •tripped off, and were tossed in a heap over the foot of the bed. To his astonishment, the light, which he had put out, was burning ; and, to his greater astonishment, there stood at his bedside a figure at least six feet high, with small blue eyes, that glared like those of a hyena, and a long white beard that reached to his middle. The costume of the figure was also remarkable. On its l&ttf; itXBfe a flat cap of some dark colour, a loose white linen jacket attired its upper half, black calimanco breeches and gray stockings nrrayod its nether ettremittesj Jte feet were thrust iuto heellees slippe»i and «t its waist dsngled along white Mron, with an enormous pocket in front, from which projected the handles of various ipstrometits. In its large bon^ hwds it "held—in ttio left a soapdish, in the right a shaving-brush. Mr. M'Granite took^naU these atft glance\ jp^and, frlmft 'ftw ninrft, as the mpmOTtihe opened bis eyes,tfofigMeiMlingttffai*n«tive tongue, hadin them Bomemg^^k "Tg'fl T» ^ ^ a shavis the mofn/' fiatd wiiii« fiourish of tiie brush towards him. " Get 4ip, mon, and set yersel doon in yon Mr/lPGftpits W»» ; the lt«end true, Jfcen, whioh Sandy bad odored into his toothers' and sisters' seemftd captble of ex^ciilng both functions. Itofea fc mkitMMmM stature and Was what he taw * reality., or agreeable dream f Further conjecture was not permitted htm, for the figure, in a Voice of thunder, and in Lowland Scotch of the broadest and most profane, bade him " hunker doon" in the arm-chair, and tuck the napkin about him, which he drew from his capacious pocket and flung in Mr. M'Granite's face. " Het water's scarce in these parts," said the figure, lathering Mr. M'Granite's countenance with fearful velocity. " It'saye better wliar I cam frae—mair's thepetty!" The application seemed, in fact, as cold as ice, and Mr. M'Granite'sjaw rattled like a pair of nut-crackers. " Bide still," said the Figure; " I'll gar ye greet before o's dune!" Out came the glittering steel; hastily it was stropped on one horny hand; the next momeat Mr. M'Granite s nose was wrung with a vigorous tweak, and then, with lightening flashes, the rasor skimmed his cheeks—up-strokes, downstrokes, side-strokes, back-strokes, all were executed with a dexterity that Mr. M'Granite might have dwelt upon as marvellous, if the whole affair had not been the most marvellous thing that had ever be- • fallen him. It seemed less like the ordinary process of sharing than an effect of electricity, done as it were in the twinkling of an eye. Mr. M'Granite, it must be owned, would gladly have prolonged this part of the tmnanotion, for i»c gave a shrewd guess at what was to follow. He trembled in every limb, and when the Figure told him to stand up, he could hardly keep his legs. But instead of committing the fell assault he dreaded, the figure glided into the chair which he had just quitted, and diving again into the large pocket, drew forth an enormous pair of sqtssors, which he held out towards Mr. M'Granite. " Can ye shave a body ?" demanded the figure. Luckily Mr. M'Granite was a Scotchman, and interpreted the vernacular correctly. " The muckle Deil himsel could na do it better," he replied. " My certie," said the , figure, " but ye're a bauld ane! Clip away,! and sparr not;" and with a nod of its head, the figure jerked its beard into Mr. M'Grauite'B hand. He set to in good earnest. Fast as enow-flakes fell the long, white, waving hairs, till nothing but a doseset stubble was eft. Then he ground in the sow like a housemaid scouring a doorstep; deep amidst the furrows ploughed the sbaving-bnuh, and, with all the muscular action he could command, sawed away amongst the bristles as if he were a backwoodsman making a clearing. " Deil hae me!" said the figure, "but that's past prayin' for—ye're a cauny chield. Te handle a razor maist as well as I do mysel. Youllno bebmg to the profession ?" Mr. M'Granite replied in the negative. " It's an ancient and an honourable one," said the Figure, thoughtfully. " We were aye callit barber-surgeons in my time—not ef) avers! What are ye, mon ?" "A Scotsman," returned Mr. M'Granite. " I keut that by your tongue," said the Figure. " From what part of Scotland?" "My native place is Dunfermline," said Mr. M'Granite. " And mine," said the Figure, " is Eircoddy! Deil's in me, but we're neebors! Are any o' the Family o' Kickup still livin' ?" " My wife, Janet Kickup, is the last of her race." '" Ye dinna saysae! Gie's your hand, mon. Blude's thicker than water; you'll be no the waur for this, I'm thinkin'!" The Figure seised Mr. M'Granite's hand, and squeezed it till the bones cracked again. When it was at length released, the Figure stroked its own chin, apparently with great satisfaction. "I ntver thocht," it said, "that the day wad come when I should be free o' my beardie! long, lang, hae I watched and waited: mony's the carl I hae shaved mysel, but deil a one till noo has had the courage to tackle wi' me. A wheen daft bodies, starin' mid gugglin' when I spak to them, as if they could na understand! But I raddled their bones for 'em! Ech, sirs, but I keckt ye about like foot-b\'s; ye canna sae ye did na get your fairin'!" The Figure j laughed loudly, as it recalled the punishment inflicted on the previous occupants of the chamber, and Mr. M'Granite began to quake again. " There's nae need for ye to shiver, mon! Ye've broken the spell. I'm clean shaved, lecbt through wi't; and now I'll gang back to my grave, and sleep in peace! But I've aye a storv to tell, so set yersel doon and listen.' 1 Mi*. M'Granite (lid as be was commanded, and the Figure proceeded:—"My name, when I lived in the flesh, was Davie Kickup. I was first valet and barber to the Yarl o' Tommietool. We were out in the Fe&een;, and suld hae been in the Forty-five, "but my lord he behoved to hae a bad fit o' the gout the day (he Chevalier left for Scotland, and he could na follow him. The Forty-five's an raid tale noo, and ye'U may be hae beard ancuch o't; moreover, it has naethin' to do wi bus. Wull, my lord Tommietool he lived in great state hem in (his Ch&teau; de Fleurval. Ech, sirs, but there were rare doings in those days 1 The runlets o' Bordeaux and Nantz we emptied might hae floated the English navy. And the womankind, and the dancin', and the feastin' and pleasurin', —but as John ELnox, the worthy man, used to say of a' sic like vanities, it could na laBt. While it did, tho', we'd a gay fame o't, and Madame Esm6,—she WM a Turkish lady, sib ^' my^ordi^e ken,—she aye queened It away uke Madame Pompeydoor hereel. The precious stones that glittered * on Madame Esm6'«. drepl were worth a king's ransom, but their glitter was just darkness to the licht that shone in ner ee. Bit my lord's gaen, and she's gaen, and a' theabbes, Mid markisses, and officer*, and fine ladies, they're a'gaen,—and whar they're gaen to I needn't to say! Madame Eerne, she died of a fever, and .the Yarl o'Tommietool, he diedof drink, grievin' for her loss. The nicht tny lord went, I aothy his bedside, and reoeived his latest breath. But a little before the laat grasp,—he'd been silent for some time,—he nised-hlmself tip, and said: —' Davie, my man,'—he ave call'd me Davie,—'ye've shavit me hunareds o'times 1' ' Yes, mriord,' says I,«and Ihope to shave ye hunareds mair!' 'Te'll not do that, IHvie,' says he; 'ye'U never shave mehut once, and that will be whan I'm oauld and dead.' * Te maunna speak o' dyin',' toy lord/ says I. 'Ay, Davie, but 1 maun,' aays he. ' And thenmy lord gave a deep groan. Praaentty he ^>oke again—' Davie,' says my lord. ' you and I havebe»ngteal«lMtt*:'Tih Mnkin' we'll bum fam'tyJp^' saysli l've nae ^reat itaay for buniin'l' ' S'hwijj'c'H froeM,' says he. ' Maybs »ot? that iwiiher, my lord,* says I, rather nettled to think that a dyln' man, as he was. fihould dispose of my saul as if it had been his ain. ' Then I'll tell ye what Davie,' cries he in a passion," if it's the last word I hae to say to ye, ye's hear it; if ye winna bum nor freeze, ye shall stay here, barber as ve are, sliavin' folks to ail eternity, till ye'r beard's as lang as my arm, and never a quiet nicht will ye hae in your grave till ye meet wi somebody bauld aneuch to tiak ye by the snout and mat ye look lite a Christian, Davie !' «And wi' this, in a huff, my lord turned his face to the wa', and never turned it bock again. It was a sair thing that the words of a man who had led sic a life as the Yarl o* Tommietool should come true, but so it was; and here, for a hundred yean and mair, have I been shavin', shavin', shavin', and if it had na been for you, Mr. M'Granite,—I ken your name brawly,— here I sliould have stayed, as my lord said, to all eternity. But I've a grateful mind, Mr. M'Granite, and hae the means of recompensing your kindness. I made a pretty penny in the service o' the Yarl o' Tommietool. I was a shavin' body, and put by the most o't. Draw nigh, Mr. M'Granite, till I whisper in your lug." What the Figure said to Mr. M'Granite nobody ever knew, •ave bim to whom it was told; but in moments of conviviality, wn«i Uic nUlskey toddy had gone its rounds—after his return to Dunfermline, with all his affairs happily settled—Mr. M'Granite haa often told the story of bow he once shaved ashost, though nobody could ever make out whether he was in jest or earnest.—Holidays and Bob- ? ? ? 