MINING ON PRIVATE PROPERTY. Tne question of gold mining on private property has been under discussion for seven or eight years,.and though it has been during all that time, and is still, of primary importance to the gold-fields community, we cannot say that a satisfactory settlement of it is likely to be achieved at an early date. No doubt there is a bifi'on the subject now before the Assembly, but it is not of a kind to meet with tlie acceptance cither of Parliament or of the *partieswho would be affected by its becoming law— namely, the miners on the one band and the owners of landed property on the other. It is a crude and ill-considered measure, scareely expected to pass bv its projectors (we should suppose) and resembling rather a popularity seek- ing demonstration than a sober attempt at practical legislation. Albeit the bill is entitled to some attention at our hands. The matter with which it deals is so vitally important to the Grenville district that the slightest movement in the direction of itsac(justment demands our immediate consideration. The new bill, then, may be epitomised as follows : Its premable sets forth that the gold contained in alienated land has not passed to the purchasers of such land, and yet no adequate provision lias bscn made for the miners obtaining access to such lands; notwithstanding which arrangements have been made for mining on private property, and the object of the measure is to legalize those as well as to provide for future entry upon the land. By the first clause the holders of miners' rights are empowered to enter upon all lands alienated, and 6earch for gold, under the following conditions, namely, that fourteen days' notice shall be given to the landowner, specifying the kind of mining intended to be carried on, and a deposit of ten pounds made as a " guarantee against frivolous entry"—the amount to be absolutely forfeited if negotiations for working the ground are not completed within thirty days. As some protection to the land owner, the third clause provides that he may refuse to permit surfacing or paddocking on. lands under cultivation, or fit for cultivation, or through which there passes any river or creek available for domestic use or irrigation, but the ground of refusal must be stated in writing, to the Warden of the district The fourth clause provides that " fair and reasonable" compensation shall be made to the owners of land entered upon, for the injury sustained by them ; and the fifth, becoming more explicit, sets forth what that compensation is to be, namely, not less than the amount which could be realized by letting or leasing such lands for pastoral or agricultural purposes, aud in no case more than two pound ten shillings per acre per annum. Ifj however, the land-owner is not satisfied with compensation on this scale, he is to be permitted to claim a royalty of two and a half per cent upon the gold obtained, after deducting wages, expenses, cost and maintenance of machinery, &c.; When the land is rendered permanently useless, the owner is to be entitled to compensation at the rate of twenty pounds per acre. When injury is done to fence or standing crops, the amount of csmpensation to be paid by the miner is to be determined by arbitrators, the warden or stipendary magistrate being umpire. Claims on purchased land are to be in the form of a parallelogram, and the surface of the ground is not to be needlessly disturbed. All holes are to be filled up, under heavy penalties, to be recovered in the Court of Mines. By the eighth clause the legalizing of existing contracts is provided for, and the ninth directs the registration of all contracts between miners and owners of property. The mining board bye-laws are not to extend to mining on private property; all disputes respecting which are to be adjudicated by the warden's court of mines. Sjich are the provisions of the new bill; which we may here observe, is unskilfiilly framed and loosely worded, and would never work if by any chance it were passed.into law. But that is not possible. With property so fully represented in both branches of our legislature, the measure under consideration never can be entertained, and it is only inflicting injury upon a good cause, and retarding the settlement of a question both difficult and important, to bring forward such a bill The fact is, it demands too much for the miner. \- What he really wants is to be empowered to follow the gold into purchased land, or to prospect such land when there are tangible grounds fpr believing it to be auriferous—not that he shall obtain the right, at bis mere whim or caprice, to enter upon and de&ce; another man's orchard or corn-field -by merely paying a deposit of tea pounds! Observe what tie consequences would be. No man's homestead would be safe from intrusion—from spoliation, if a ten pound note had power to purchase the right to invade it The authors of this measure are Messrs. M'Lelland and Pope—the first a veiy energetic and persevering adovate of the miner's-cause, but quite unfit to deal with the present subject, from want of tact and discrimination. He is of the old school of agitators, and cannot adapt himself to the altered spirit of the times. He demands so much, and that in accents so loud, that be never gets anything, but almost invariably injures any cause be takes upon himself to champion. His mate upon the present occasion, we presume, became associated with Mr. M'Lellan and the bill tbrough a too eager desire for prominence, but be is not likely to gain any credit by the connecti6n.-^GremnUe Adv. ? ? THE VALUE OF THE REAL PBOPERTY ACT, in South Australia, appears to be highly appreciated. The Treasurer, in bringing forward his budget, in May last, said " The amount received at the Real Property Office, was about £5000; but its great advantage consisted of the ease with which business was transacted there without the assistance of legal gentlemen. The confidence in that office was greatly increased, he had no don Legislation."— bt, by the similarity of English Age. ROBBING A FOUNDATION STONE.—A barefaced and impudent robbery has been committed at the Hospital, the particulars of which are as. follows :—It seems that when the hospital was first erected, a bottle, containing several gold and silver coins and documents, was placed in a cavity in tlie foundation stdfee. This part of the building is now being pulled down, and is being rebuilt by Mr Francis, who pointed out to the workmen wbere the foundation stone was, giving them particular instructions to take care of the bottle and its contents. On Saturday morning, when he went to the works, he found that the stone had been removed, and that the bottle had been abstracted.. He spoke to the workmen about it, and they denied all knowledge of the matter. He next saw Mr Barker, the original contractor for the hospital, who informod him what were tlie contents of the bottle. While engaged in conversation a man came up, and enquired of Mr Francis if he had received a portion of the plunder. This led to an explanation, when it was ascertained that a person in the employment of Mr Barker, at the hospital, had shown tlie coins, etc., to several persons in town. Mr Barker went to the man and accused him of tbe theft, whereupon he acknowledged that he discovered the bottle broken, and had taken a five shilling piece, a half-crown, a florin, a shilling, and a sixpence from it, and that he knew nothing about the documents and gold coins. Now that the offender is known, it is to be hoped that Mr Francis will give him into custody for this offence, which was mean in the extreme. If not, no doubt the detective police will move in the matter, and bring the offender, o j ustice.—Balaaural Star. ? ? PBICE OF TOBACCO.—A public meeting of tobacconists was hdd yesterday evening, at the Albion Hotel, Burke-street east, for the purpose of taking into consideration the present rise of the wholesale price of tobacco, and the means, necessary to be adopted by tbe retail dealers in order to secure themselves from actual loss in. their daily transactions. There was a good attendance of the trade. Mr Judd, of Bourke street east, was called to the chair. In the course of several addresses delivered by persons present, it was stated that it was imsossible to replace tobacco, of first-class qualities at the price for which it was being retailed. Ow-. to the present war in America, the wholesale price of it had been very much increased, and there was no prospect of any proximate change in the upward tendency of the market The crop, now very generally destroyed, in the tobacco-growing states of America, could not be replaced in two years; and until it was replaced, from that or some other sonrce, the price must continue to rise. After a length- ened discussion, it was resolved to fix a scale of prices, at which tobacco of first-rate quality could be retailed at a profit and in accordance with this resolution, the following prices were discussed and adopted seriatim :—Cavendish aromatic, 8s per lb, or 2s per Jib plug ; cut do, 9s per lb, or 6d per j oz packet; ordinary cavendish, 7s per lb, or Is 9d J oz plug* small plug, (honevdew), 6s 6d per lb, 3s 6d per i lb, or 9d per plug ; light aromatic twist at the rate of 8s per lb ; Barrett's twist, 9s per lb; or 6d per stick ; cut flake, 7s 6d per lb, "4s per J lb, or 6d per oz; cut riegrohead, 9s per lb, or 6d per | oz packet; cuteavendish, shag, and bird'seye, 6s 6d per lb, or 6d per oz. Particular attention is drawn to tbe fact that this 6cale of prices was estimated on the basis sf a good sound article ; and that justice could and ought to be done to retail purchasers at the rates quoted. It was also stated that the scale was not a permanent one, and would shortly require further amendment, if the price of tobacco still continued to rise. The list of prices was signed by by all present as a guarantee of their intention to abide by it in their daily business ;- and the meeting then adjourned to Monday next, at 7 p.m., for the purpose of securing by a larger attendance than the present onetheconcurrenceand co-operation of tlie whole trade.—Age, June 7. "OUT OF HARNESS." Under this heading a smartly written article appeared in an issue of the Melbourne Herald last week. The article is signed " Pedlington " and from it we: extract the following.—" Over many hundred miles of country here and there, and what did I see in return for my little outlay in labor and money t. Did I see townships growing from, canvas to. wood, or grown already from wood, to brick or stone, and carrying, plainly graven on their solid fronts, the unimpeachable intimation that there they—the township—stood ? strong and fearless in the present, and representatives of a broad aggregate of human interests too deeply rooted for an early scattering to the winds of time % I did not! Did I see aught ofthe olive and the vine, or of thefig tree ; or even of a decent patch of virgin earth turned up as be ing ready to receive them % No! Forecasting to the future, did I see a garden or a Bheep run—an Egypt or a Tadmor ? Tadmor wins ; the sheep run has it! Sandhurst and its Pall Mall loafers will doubt; Castlemaine— half goats and Chinamen—may object to it; and sturdy Ballarat feel indignant at something never meant for it But thou, O Newstead, of the mushroom plains and the bare hill sides]! 0 Talbot ofthe drinking dens so dirty and so. vile ! O Amherst, with thy new town hall standing so brightly red above thy new made grass-grown streets, bare shells of houses, and grim ghosts of what, not long ago, claimed kindred right to fight for precedence with other claimants as a field for gold ! Dars't thou deny the bard impeachment! Thou too, Avoca! the sweetly placed, and all bnt beautiful, what thy .one gaunt street, looking a full mile wide and nearly a quarter long! Do thine empty tenements tell no tale as one thinks of good old times ; Amphitheatre! art thou still a gold- field or a town, in any but the merest shadow of a name I Is there one solitary digger's tent within sig ht or cooey of thine outer boundary % 1 trow not! When thirty thousand sturdy fellows worked thy. Canton Lead—O Ararat— When monied roisterers exuberantly wild with rough' good humour, thronged thy slushy crooked lines of street at night—lit up, as they, were, by huge tin dishes of flaring blazing fat —thy lot was hopeful and thy children jolly. Street bells were numerous and gongs deafening. Then the camp.fires lit the valley. And a ruddiest halo threw Over hordes of-hungry diggers As they cook'd the evening stew. What a banquet we spread for Barkiy I What a ball we got up for. him ! What splendid verses the present author (ahent!) wrote for him and bow superb thpy looked in gold letters on white satin, as EL B. took them—condescendingly took them—from the hands of Vale, or BanGeld or somebody- else !• What a." spread too, "we arranged for John O'Slianassy; «id what pleasant fellows met other pleasant fe±lows at that tightening feed!" {ADVERTISEMENT.]—BoUowayt Ointment and PtlU remarkable for their efiisacy in curing bad legs.—Mrs. Meason, ' ot 12, Qaeen's-gardens. Brighton, had suffered.with erysipelas in licr legs, for the last fifteen years, and although she obtained the best medical aid and tried every remedy that could be procured, yet she derived no benefit until she used Holloway'e Ointment and Fills. These invalnable medicines have effected a perfect cure, notwithstanding Mrs. Meason was in the 68th year - of her age, and she now enjovs better health, than, for many years before.. Bobbing a FoitsdatioV Stoxe.—A bare- j faced anii impudent robbery has been comT milted at the Hospital, the particulars oft Jhjch are as follows—It seems that when: the hospital was first fcrccted, a little, conwjinine several gold and silver coins and dtcoments. was placed in a cavity in thefoundmion stone. This part of the building is now being pulled down, and is being rebuilt P jjj. Francis, who pointed out to' the workmen where the foundation stone was, ovine them particular instructions to take Srcof the *otde-JUid.ics contents. On Saturday morning,' when lie went to the works, he found that the stone had been removed, and that the lio'tle had been abstracted. «He * tc f0 the workmen about It, "but j hey deall knowledge of the matter. He next " jjr Barker, the original contractor for rte lio-liital- vlio iuformed hiiii what were i the contents or thejiottfe. While engaged conversation-am-ln came up, and enquired f Mr Francis if he had received a portion of the plunder.. Tliis led to .an ejqJauation, -wasosoortained 'person in the employment of Mr Barker at the hospital, hudshown tlie coins, ete, to several persons in town. Mr Barker went to the man -and" 1 accused him of the theft, whereupon he actpairltd.that J]e,..discovered theibottle bn&en.; undh.'id "taVen 'a 1 five'-^SliilliAjfjnece, a l,«lf crown, a florin, a shilling, and a sixpence ,n,m it. and that he knew-norliing about the 'document-' or gold <oins. ?fnw that the offender is known, it is to be hoped thai Mr Frauds will ffivc him into custody for this ofisnce. which war -mean in the extreme. If Bot. od doabt the detective police will move in Tin: matter, and': bring the offender to jus- .;«.—Dallarat Star. 