A GHOST STORY" (From Holidays mth Hobgoblins. Hy Dudley Costello.) There had so long been a sueoossion of Eng giish families at the Chateau de Fleurval, that tho old gardener, who was a fixture thero, had managed to pick up a good deal of the language ho BO constantly heard, and was able to speak it intelligibly. He did not, accordingly, neg- lect his acquirement, but whenever he bad an opportunity, which was often enough, would talk with the servants, and tell them Btrnnp stories of the placs, till at length he succeeded in fairly convincing them that tho houBC was haunted. It may readily bo believed that those who heard those stories did not keep them to tbemselvoB ; secret-keeping is not tho habit of their class. The ohildron learnt tbem in whispers, and tbo whispers spread till they reached the cars of Mr. and Mrs. M'Granite, strong-minded persons both, but not altogether inaccessible to superstition. They, of eourse, discouraged all such " idle clave» ; " but say what they pleased, they oould not provest 'an uncomfortable feeling, a teme of something i' uncanny," from prevailing, of whioh they h»$ their share. Nothing, however, in the shape of personal experience bad chanced to confirm the rumoured ghostly visitation, and "Mt*. M'Granito had far too much worldly wisdom to think; like his predecessors, of shifting bis ground before he was actually invaded. " Let's nae nao mair o' this nonsense," he said some- what angrily, when tho subject was broached by the fireside, one dark October evening by Sandy, the eldest of the red-haired tribe, " let's hae nae mair of this daft nonsense about longbearded sparrits, and Turks, and Calmucas! and Scotch barbers, and the Lord knows what. Gang till yor beds every one o'ye,-and mind that I dunna como round wi' a birch twig to fright ye in good earnest ! " Let no one say that thrift was at the bottom of this abrupt dis- missal, though Mr. M'Granite fully appreciated tho advantage of not wasting fire and candle ; let us rather set it to the right account,-a lau- dable desiro to keep up the oourage of his family, by throwing contempt upon all super- natural manifestations. Domestio affairs, into whioh it is not necessary to enter, had so ar- ranged the internal economy of tho Chateau de Fleurval, that Mr. M'Granito slept alone, aloof from the partner of his bosom. His bedcham- ber, a large oblong room, was situated on the first floor, at the foot of the turret that flanked the western extremity of the building, men« tion of which has already been made. There was a door of communication between, this room and the turret, but it had not been opened since the M'Granites came to the chateau, and" was generally supposed to bo barred outside, as well as bolted and locked within. Mr. M'Granite, therefore, always went to roost as calmly as the old white owl- Hulot, he was called-that oc« oupicd tho dilapidated tenement overhead. Mr. M'Granite's bedchamber, though large and lofty, was not a cheerful-looking place. Tho windows, of whioh there wore two at eaoh end, were our tainlossand bare; the poele of blue ohina, with its long tubular chimney, that ran up to the ceiling and disappeared through the wall, waa suggestive of cold rather than beat, for it never held a fire. The parquet consisted, not of polished wood, but of dull red tiles; and not an inch of carpet kept the feet from thoir ohilly oontact ; as to the bed, it was high and broad, and naked of aspect, hangings having been thought a super- fluity. The furniture of the room corresponded with the rest of the apartment-an old fauteuil of faded yellow velvet, and threo or four chairB to match, being all it contained. I forget ; tbero was also by the bed-head a small table de nutt, on whioh Mr. M'Granite set his candle while he prepared for his couch. On the night that witnessed the stern ejectment of his off- spring from the salon, but three or four hours later, Mr. M'Granite withdrew to rest as usnal. He had previously occupied himself with a book, selecting one from his scanty library that treated of tho topography and antiquities of his own part of Scotland, partly for the enter- tainment he always found in it-often as be had read it through- and pirtly to distract bis thoughts from looal objects. The book waB in . his hand even after ho went to bed, but he did not read long ; the cold made him shiver. He put out the light, buried his head beneath the clothes, and very soon was fast asleep, making quite as much noise as old Hulot, but in a dif- ferent key. It is all very well to pull the bed- clothes over your head, but the thing is to keep them there. This, apparently, Mr. M'Granito was not able to do ; for, cold as ho was when he lay down, he woko up absolutely starved, with not a particle of covering over him «ave the garment he slept in. It was no accidental displacement; the counterpane, blanket, and sheet had been literally stripped off, and were tossed in a heap over the foot of the bed. To Ibis astonishment, the light, whioh he had put out, was burning ; and, to his greater astonish- ment, there stood at his bedside a figure at least six feet bigb, with small blue eyes, that glared like those of a hyena, and a long white beard that reached to its middle The costume of tho figure was also remarkable. On its head it wore a flat velvet cap of some dark oolor, a loose white linen jacket attired its upper half, black ealimanco breeches and grey stockings arrayed its nether extremities; its feot were thurat into heelless slippers, and at its waist dangled a long white apron, with an enormous pocket in front, from whioh projected the handles of various instruments. In its large bony bands it held-in the left a sonp disu, in the right a shaving brush. Mr. M'Granite took in all these objects at a glance; indeed, ho had not time for more, as the moment ho oponed his eyes the figure addressed him in words whioh, though smaoking of .his native tongue, hod in thom something of a foreign accent. " Yo'11 be wantin' a shavo the morn," said the figure, with a flourish of the brush towards him. "Get up, mon,,and set yersel doon in yon ohair. I'so bandle yo !" Mr. M'Granito was, for a few seoonds, utterly bewildered. Was the legend true, then, which Sandy had poured into his brothers' and sisters' ears, about the Scotch harbor's ghost and all the rest of it ? Was he to bo the phantom's viotim, to be shaved against his will and beaten afterwards? Tho figure seemed oapablo of exercising both functions. Ho looked, a master of his craft, and his ataturo and length of limb were formidable. Was what ho saw a reality, or only a disagreeable dream ? Further conjec- ture was not permitted him, for the figure, in a voice of thunder, and in Lowland Scotch of .the broadest and most prorane, bade him '' hunker doon" in the arm-chair,undtuok the napkin about bim, whjch he drew from his capacious pookot and flung ia Mr. M'Granite'a face., " Het water's scarce ia theso parts," said the figure, lathering Mr. Granito's countenance with fearful volooity. " It's aye better where I oam frae-mair'» the petty !" The application seemed, in fact, as oold as toe, and Mr. M'Granite's jaws rattled like a pair of nut-crackers. "Bide still," said the figure, " I'll gar ye greet before a's duno l" Out carno tho glittering steel ; hastily it waa stropped on on o horny hand ; the "next moment Mr. M'Granite's nose was wrung with a vigorous tweak, and than, with lightning flashes, tho razor skimmed his oheek-^-up-Btrokes, down strokes, aide-strokes, back-strokes, all were executed with a dexterity that Mr. M'Granite might have dwelt upon as marvellous, if tho whole affair had not been the moat marvellous thing that had ever befallen him. It seemed less like the ordinary process of shaving than an oflect of electricity, done, as it were, in the twinkling of an eye. Mr. M'Granite, it must bo owned, would gladly have prolonged this part of tho transaction, for ho gave a shrewd guess at what was to follow. Ho trembled in overy limb, and when the figure told him to stand up, he could hardly keep his legs. But, instead of committing tho fell assault he dreaded, tho figure glided into the ohair which he had just quitted, and diving again into the large pookot, drew forth an enormous pair of Boissors, whioh ho held out towards Mr. M'Granito. " Can yo shave a body ?" domandod the figure. Luokily Mr. M'Granite was a ßootohman, and inter- preted tho vernacular correctly. " The mucklo Beil himself could na do it better," ho replied. " My certio," said the figure, " but ye're a bauld ano ! Clip away, and spare note;" and with a nod of its head, the figure jerked its beard into Mr. M'Granite's band. He set to in good earnest. Fast as snow-flakes fell the long, white, waving hairs, till nothing but a close-set stubble was left. Then be ground in the soap like a housemaid scouring a door-stop ; deep amidst the furrowa i ploughed the íhaving-bruíh, and with all tat miuoular action he could command, sawed away amongst the bristles as if he were a baok woodsman making a clearing. "Deil bae me !" said the figure, " but that's past praying for yo are a canny chield. Ye handle a razor maist as well as I do myeel. You'll no belang to the profession?" Mr. M'Granite replied in the negative. "It's an anoient and an honorablo one," said tho figure, thoughtfully. " Wo were aye callit barber-surgeons in my time not »havers ! What are ye, mon ?" " A Scots- man," returned Mr. M'Granite. " I kent that by your tongue," said the figure. " From what part of Scotland ?" " My native place is Dunfermlino," said Mr. M'Granite. "And mine," said the figure, " is Kircoddy 1 Deil's in me, but we are ncebors ! Are any o' the family o' Kickup still livin'?" "My wife, Janet Kickup, is the last of her race." " Ye dinna say sae ! Gie's your hand, mon. Blude's thicker than water; you'll bo no the waur for this, I'm thinkin'." The figure soiled Mr. M'Granite's hand, and squeezed it till the bones cracked again. When it was at length released the figure stroked it's own chin, appa- rently with great satisfaction. " I niver thocht," it said, " that the day wad come when I should be free o' my beardie! Lang, lang, bao I watched and waited : mony's tho earl I hae' shaved myself, but dcil a one till noo has had the courage to tacklo wi' me. A wheen daft bodies, stalin' and gugglin' when I spak to them, as if they could na understand ! But I raddled their bones for 'em ! Eoh, sirs, but I keckt yo about like foot-ba's ; ye canna sao ye did na get your fairin' !" The figure laughed loudly, as it recalled the punishment inflicted on the previous occupants of the ohamber, and Mr. M'Granite began to quake again. " There's nae need for ye to shiver, mon ! You've broken tho spell. I'm olean shaved, reoht through wi't; and now I'll gang back to my grave, and sleep in peaoe? But I've aye a story to tell, so set yersel doon and listen." Mr. M'Granito did as he was com- manded, and the figure proceeded :-" My name, when I lived i' the flesh, was Davie Kickup. I was first valet and harbor to the Yarl o' Tommietool. Wo wero out in the Fefteen, and sold hae been in the Forty-five, but my lord h« behoved to hae a bad fit o' the gout the day the Chevalier left for Scotland, and he could na follow him. The Forty-five's an auld tale noo, and ye'U may be hae hoard aneuoh o't ; moreover, it boa nacthin' to do wi huz. Wall, my lord Tommietool ho lived in great state here in this Château de Fleurval. Ech, sirs, but there were rare doings in those days ! The runlets o' Bordeaux and Nantz we emptied might hae floated the English navy. And the womankind, and the dancin', and the feastin' and pleasurin'-but as John Knox, the worthy man, used to say of a' sic like vanities, it could na last. Whiles it did, tho', we'd a gay time o't, and Madame Esme-she was a Turkish lady, sib wi' my lord, yo ken-she aye queoned it away like Madamo Pompeydoor horsel. The precious stanes that glittered on Madamo Esmé's dress were worth a king's ransom, hut their glitter was just darkness to the licht that shone in her ee. But my lord's gaon, and she's gaen, and a' the abbés, and markisses, and officers, and fine ladies, they're a' gaon-and whar they're gaen to I needn't to say ! Madame Esme, she died of a fever, and tho Yarl o'Tommictool, he died of drink, grievin' for her loss. The nicht my lord went, I sot by his bedside, and received his latest breath. But a little before the last gasp-he'd been silent for some time-ho raised Himself up, and said :-' Davie, my man'-ho aye cal I'd me Davie-' ye've ebavifc mo hun- dreds o' times !' ' Yes, roy lord,' says I, ' and I hope to shave ye hundreds mair !' ' Ye'U not do that, Davie,' says he ; ' ve'll nover shave me but once, and that will bo when I'm cauld and dead.' ' Yo maunna speak o' dyin', my lord,' says I. ' Ay, Davie, but I maun,' says he. And then my lord gave a deep groan. Presently he spoke again-'Davie,' says my lord, 'you and I hae been groat sinners. I'm thinkin' we'll burn for't.' ' Speak for yorsel, my lord,' says I ; ' I've nae great fancy for burnin' !' 'Then ye'll freeze,' says he. ' May bo not that neither, my lord,' says I, rather nettled to think that a dyin' man, as he was, should dispose of my saul as if it had been his ain. ' Then I'll toll ye what Davie,' cries ho in a passion, ' if it's the last word I hae to say, ye's hear it ; if ve winna burn nor freeze, ye shall stay here, bar- ber as ye are, shavin' folks to all eternity, till your beard's aB lang as my arm, and never a quiet nicht shall yo hae in your grave till ye meet wi' somebody bauld aneuoh to tak yo by tho Bnout and make ye look like a Christian, Davie I' . And wi' this, in a buff, my lord turned his face to the wa, and never turned it bock again. It was a sair thing, that the words of a man who had led sic a life as the Yarl o' Tommietool should come true, but so it was ; and here, for a hundred yean and mair have I been shavin', shavin,' shavin/ and if it had na boen for you, Mr. M'Granito,-I ken your name brawly, here I should have stayed, as my lord said, to all eternity. But I've a grateful mind, Mr. M'Granite, and I hao the moana of recompens- ing your kindness. I made a pretty penny in the service o' the Yarl o' Tommietool. I was a savin' body, and put by the maist o't. Draw nigh, Mr. M'Granite, till I whisper in your lug." What tho figure said to Mr. M'Granite, nobody ever knew, savo him to whom it was told ; bat in moments of conviviality, when the whisky toddy had gone its rounds- after his return to Dunfermline, with all his affairs happily settled-Mr M'Granite has often told the story of how ho once shaved a ghost, though nobody could ever make out whether ho was in jest or earnest. A DABHIHO TfliEr.-Romanoe and delinquency, com- bined in tolerably'equal proportions, illustrated the case of Mary Newell, a masquerading maid of all work, in the service of Mr. Barker, of 29 Besaborougb-gardens, who was brought to theWestroinster office on Tnesday.tn male attire. Inspector Humphreys said that on Thurs- day night, the 7th instant, "from information re ooived," he went to Mr. Barker's bouse, where, on enter- ing, he found »poker, broken, in the hall, with hair and blood stioking on it. There was more human hair about the passage, and a pail apparently containing blood. A window leading to the rear of the premises was open, and a pane of glass bad been cot out, a panel bad been ont out of a room door, and there were marks of a per- son having passed through it. Clocks, plate, and other valuables were wrapped up ia bnndles, the whole house bad been ransaoked, and a vast quantity of property car- ried off. There was nothing to explain these singular circumstances and appearances, and the resultof inquiries only put him in possession of tho fact that a young man had left the house that evening with some coxes and a portmanteau in a cab, and was driven to the Eastern Couutioi Railway, and had gone to Yarmouth, breaking the scent by sleeping one night at Brentwool. As it was believed that tho young man was a girl in disguise, policeman Sheen wes sent in pursuit- He suc- ceeded in tracing " the party" to a house at Yarmouth, and on inquiry was told that " bo" would be at home soon, having gone to churoh. On inquiry be found that the disguised girl bad, on two occasions, taken bis land- lady to the theatre, and expressed herself much dis- appointed that she bad not come down in the summer «ben the town was gayer and livelier. She affeoted a good deal of flirtation with the girls abont, vowed tbey were " doosedly pretty," and, gave her landlady the idea of being quite a Lothario. She had taken to smoking. Sheen sat down for about three-qnarters of an honr, when the prisoner earn« with a rat-tat, end was admitted in the same Krb as she now appeared. Sheen taxed her with ing Mary Newell, the robber of ber master's house, and told her that as she was not a man be could not himself searoh her, but requested bertogive rpanypro perty she had about her. Bho then produced a purse containing £2 5s., a fire-frono piece, and a Turkish gold ooin, goidpin, and gold watch, a pipe, some tobacco, and fusees. The only thing that occurred respecting the charge was an inquiry on the part of the prisoner whe- ther anybody else had been taken on the charge. He then bronght her to London with all the property she bad stolen. PrUoner, who bnng down her head, heard the whole of the above evident» without making any re mark, and wai remanded. I WHAT OAK.BE DONR rou A RIVKB -A few year» I ago, only the smallest craft could reach Gleigow quay 1 Now that tho nvor has boen improved, we learn that a vessel of 1791 tons measurement (being 400 ton« larger than any vessel hitherto) has been this week moored at the Broomielaw THE COST or THE FBUSSIAV COKOKATION -The Cologne (¡aiette ha« the following -According to information, obtained Irom (ho belt source, tbe «taté- mente made resptoting the exnente« of the coronation ceremonies aro greatly exaggerated The outlay thus far is 1,000,000 thaler« (3f 75c each), and it will be paid, it is said, from the pi ivy purse of his Ma esty A million thalers, aftor all, ia not a very heavy barden for a country like Prussia, and the nation would no doubt readily take advantage of the opportunity of showing attachment to the King by paying the money " A NEW TOOTH-POWDSB -Dr Delabarre has bee» in dnoed to recommend carbonised rye as a tooth-powder, from the fact that in all those countries where bread made of rye is tbe food of the generality of the inhabitants tbe latter are remarkable for the whiteness, strength, and durability of their teeth. Savoy and the Lande» are in- stances of this truth Sohrader bas fonnd 500 grammes of ashes of rye to contain 7 gramme» of carbonate of lime, 9*8 ditto of carbonate of magnesia, 7 2 of oxides of iron and manganese »ndl 9 of Bilioa,»ll whiob »ubstanceshove a favourable effect on the teeth Hence-and from bis own experiment»-Dr Pelabarre concludes that rye, oar boniaedand finely pulverised, »ed daily as» tooth-powder, soon Btopj cario», and promptly cures tbe «mall abacasies whleh aro often formed on the gum» - Gallanani THE LOCE CONTROVERSY -lhere ia now in course of manufacture at Wolverharopton a new patent keyltBS lock, having 244,140,t>25 combinations Tbia look ii the invention of Count Kersolon, a Frenohman, but is now the proporty in this oouut'y of a Mr LoyBell. It has five rollers, and each roller is marked with twenty fire letters of the alphabet. If the letter at which it ii Bet should not be discovered, the exhausting of all the variations necessary in that case to the opening of tbe look would require an immense expenditure oi time. It is intended to place one of these looks upon some iron safes that are being mad» for exhibition at the forth- coming World's Fare In one of the safes it is proposed to plaoe the sum of £500, which is to fall to the lot of the porson who may be fortunate enough to effect sn opening ot the safe -Manchettir Guardián. 