Jin. o. iv. n. OKAXwrcKE. ??? ??'? ' AVraraBailv's Maaaciue.} . We believe it to' be a fact not generally known that Sussex has produced more celebrated racehorses than :aiiy county in England, with perhaps tho solitary ex ception of Yorkshire, and even that in a moot point for discussion; 'Therefore, the portrait of a eentloman wlio, 'next' to tho late Duke of Richmond and the Earl of Egre iriont,' has'achieved the greatest honour for that county in th'e(liacing Calendar, cannot but bo acceptable to the largo1 cl iss of the community who honour' us with their, Hunnnrr.: * - ' ? ' ' ' ? . . ? 'Mr.'W'. G. R.'Gratwicko, the gentleman 'to whom' we allude,' ;and who has, been for. many years the chief proprietor of racehorses iu Sussex, was born In 1794, and 13 n. member of a family which has long been settled at Ilam, near Angmoiing, a-yillage a' few mjles. from. Arundel, and like his ancestors, lias been successful' in' cultivating tho goodwill and regard both of hia tenautry and bis neighbours. \' \ '.'.' \ ? ' ' '??*-? , iSucceeding'to largo estates, .Mr.' Gratwlcko in coming of age added to the other amusements ofa country gen tleman's life that of tho turf,' tho good things of.whicb he has partaken of a.s frequently.' as; he could anticipate, considering (ho 'competition' to 'which ho has been ex posed/and the fickle mahner'ln which fortune deals with her . votaries. , If'was , in tho year- 1824 he bocame nos sessed of.hu' first racer, a maro got.hy Phantom out of own sister to Eleptjor, and for which lie 'gave the trifling siim of JE80 to Mr, Harrison.'of Lewes. Being always on tbe most, intimate; terms with the late Lord Egromont, he received permission to put her te'Llttlo John, arid the produce,' a colt, lie iiold to his lordship, who subsequently larted with him to go to Australia,' whero ho acquired a ilgh reputation as' a siro. The second son by tho samo horse was Frederick, whom Mr.Gratwicke'sent \o Forth,' who then trained . oloso by him nt MitcbeT Grove, and who won him tho Derby,bf 1?23, w|lh the first horae ho ever tried for flint raeo. And in Ibis' respect ha was (is brtunate as Jolm'Scott was for Mr. Bowes with Mundlg, his ' maiden , Derby horse.' *f 'Relative.' to Frederick's Derby, a curious circumstance, occurred, and which is worth recapitulating. 'In the previous year, old Forth had taken a very heavy bet of. Mr.' Crbckford' about' riding and wlnniiiii on Exnuialte: but. rather liklnir Frederick the beat,' ho asked permission to substitute tho litter for him, as. ho rather preferred him. To this re quest Mr. Crbckford readily agreed, adding, ' he might .ride them both for what he cared, as neither bad a ghost' of a chance.' In this respect; Kowevir, be was deceived, as they ran first and second, Forth keeping his promlae of riding Frederick, and Buckle junior being intrusted with Exquisite, and 40 to 1 might have been had about cither of them. Contented with bis success achieved under such extraordinary circumstances, Mr. Gratwicko did riot increns'o his stud, and did little worthy of note for several years. In fact, ho rarely had more than two or three animals running in hia name ; and in soveral .Instances they were not wortli having a name bestowed upon them. But in 1841,- Margravine, sister to Fre derick, made amends for so long a run of ill-luck, by producing for him Landgravine, the dam of Landgrave, the winner of the Cambridgeshire, and in 1842, Merry Monarch, tbe winner of the Derby in 1315. As on tbo occasion of Mr. Grttnicke's winning the Derby beforo, there' were ono : or two curioua circumstances connected nth it, and to which, to render our sketch complete, we must give insertion in our pages. In the first place, Doleful, who' was by Slano out of Fredcrica, own aister to Frederick, had long been 'considered the best of the pair, for they had been put together with FoighaBal ugh, and the money ho bad been backed for brought Itifr tn.iR (n 1 n.htla .ntr /itl.la *nl/vl,f li.iia li.sn I.m.1 about the other. Fcnring,.1iowover, if by any accident tho Merry Monarch might put bis bead in first, he ahould io laughed at for not har\ng a shilling on him, shortly before the ruoo Mr. Gratwicko took 2,000 to 20 about him,, a presaution which prevented the contingency to which wo have referred occurring. . Rarely had so much betting been known upon any Derby as there was upon tills one. Lord George Beutinek had backed Idas for an enormous sum, and he had been brought to tho post in the most superb condition, with Georgo Edwards on his back, dying to wiu. Tho Danebury pair,' Old England and Weatherblt. carried thousands of Mr. Gully's and lie stable. Upon Alarm, Mr. Greville stood moro money than on any horao ho ever had In bis life, and tha mid land racing world, to a man; were on-Tho Libel. How, before1 starling, thoso last-mpntioned animals enmo in collision, Alarm-kicking The Libel, and tbo latter jump ing upon Alarm, who (brow Nat and rah away against tbo chains which bound the cdurao, and was much in ured, but not sufficiently to prevent him running, and bow Pam fell at tho bend bf tho course, and was jumped ovor by Woatherblt and Old England,' is a matter of history. But it was owing, perhaps, to these very cir cumstances, and Idas boini; unable to stay over a mile, that Mr. Gratwicke saw. another of his breed carry off that race which is tho coveted ambition of overy member of tho turf. . It is.ntt often wo see tbe produce of two half-sisters eoing down in one gentleman's colour, and ridden -by twot brothers fur . a race liko the Derby. Nevertheless, ibis waa tho coso in 1845, and as tho vic tory was achieved by an auimal' bred and not purchased by him, it was the more to bo appreciated. The other circumstiinca v.-o are niicut to narrate serves fo prove thnt Rory O'More' was: wrong when ho; said ' that reams always went bv contraries -.' inasmuch as in cliin instance a Mrs. Clifton, tho'wifo of a wino morcl-nnt in tho Old Jewry, ona night In the winter of 1844 dreamed a dream. Tbe fact was not an unoominbn ono.for many Indies/ no doubt, 'did'tho^'samo thing. Uut this lady dreamed that she saw Tho Derby won by a bay horse, whoso jockey .'woro'n brown' body, crimson sleoves, nnd green1 cap, 'mid Twantbd to back it for ten or twenty louiidsi Her . husband/- like most husbands would do, pooh-poohed the dream, but ? being .worried' to death nbout it, borrowed the Racing Calendar for tho sake of getting a little peace and quietness, and a discontinuance of tho Caudle lectures with which lie had been favoured. Looking in tho list of colours, ho could find none like those which bad apprared to hi3 spouse in her midnight' vision, and ho thought the. matter ended. But not so, for tho lady dreamed a eecoDd and third timo in succes sion that The Derby was won by n ho»e-riddcn as sho^ had seen bo'ore. Thero was no withstanding this treble'* event, and Air. Clifton promised to tako tho lady to Epsom, and see whether bIio could be light in her con jecture. He was as good aa hia word, and, strange to1-' say, between the publication nf the Book Calendar and-' Tho Derby-day Air Gratwiclie had changed bis colours' from drab with green sleeves to chocolate nnd crimson, \r. which ' appeared for tho first timo on Doleful, thot favourite. Upon this being pointed out to her she was I ajkedifshe wanted to back him. 'No,' she replied, 'my ??- horse's jockey hod a green cap, and I shall stick to'* ' him.' Scarcely had she uttered the words before Tho - Merry Monarch went by her wilh Foster Hell in n greon.:f cap, to distinguish him from his brother. ' Thero he* ia!' she exclaimed, in a stalo of frantic excitement; and'' sending her husband into tho rin^, he got 2000 to 20!S . about The Merry Monarch for her in less time than bo ?- could writo it down ; and half an hour afterwards saw'* the money landed and his wife's dream verified. '' - After this Derby Mr. Giatwicke again went back for! three or four years, and on the death of his old trainer. Forth he transferred his burses to the care of John Kcnt^; at Goodwood. His connection with tho Ducal Btable was so far fortunate that in 185G ho won Tho Newmar-' k t Handicap in tbo spring, with Cheerful, and Tho*! Cairbridgshiro in the autnmn, with Landgrave. This . lost raco was ono of tho severest we ever saw on the'. Heath, and crowned the riding career of Jem Chappie,.' with immortnl glory; for the patience with which ho , ; rode his horse was almost superhuman, and dolighted ' the admirers of tho old school of jockoyaliip, which wero ... then far more numerous than they are at present, Ia mo loiiowing spring ivenr, uau iiesso nomuurg reauy ,, for him again for The Newmarket Handicap, which sho , wonclevorly; and shortly aftcrwaids bIio ran tbird to Nancy for The Chester Cup, giving her a great deal o£ ' weight. Owing to tho Duke of Richmond's retirement, , and John Kent's state of health forbidding him going .' in training, Mr. Gratwicke entered into an arrangement ' wilh the Duke of Bedford to train the horses that bo , bred, and give him a certain proportion out of their winnings. Oulof the lot that wont up to Newmarket , Sittingbourno was dccidcdlv tbe best ; and if be had not '., been so unfortunate as to have como across an animal liko West Australian, tho greatest horso we havo Been stripped for a quarter ofa century, ho would very likely ,„ have won a third Derby for tho subject of our memoir, ' as ho ran second to him both for the Two Thousand and . the Derby. Tho connection between Admiral Kdus, as '? the manager ot' tho Duke's horses, nnd Mr. Gratwicke ? did not lust very long, owing to some disagreement ! fllintlf. mfllrinw ilia votirlinfT nnrrnrrnmnnM . find f llR Iftt.tPT ' . linding Escrett, who had been training the horses of Mr. ;.' Mngennis, disengaged, took him by the hand, and in- „ stalled him as his private trainer at Milcbcl Grove, on. ? which ground be Irad always been so fortunate. The ; change of scene brought tlio change of luck so much -* wanted, as in 1850 the Enrl won another Newmarket j Handicap, and. in 1858 Governess, who had won the Ilopcful as a two-3'car old, came out and carried off tho ,, One Thousand by.n head from Ilepatica, and tho Oaks t (after tho first dead heat that over occurred for that .. race) with Ellcrdulo, being ridden in each instance with - . great skill by Asbmall, whoso abandonment of the , pigskin for the training stable was severely felt by his''.* master, who had just reason to be satisfied with his in- ., togrity of character and well-conducted manner. As '[ was natural, Governess became afterwards a great ;. favourite Tor tho Doncastcr St. Leger, for wbioh race, v from her fino commanding stride, she was better adapted .,, than for the Oaks; but going amiss shortly beforo the ., race, her preparation was so sadly interfered with sho ',v could not bo said (o have run on her merits, and ahe at ',- onco took leave of the racecourse for tbo paddock. [ Sin. 1859 Mr. Gratwick.Vs greatest triumph was in tho .,.-; Steward's Cup wilh Maid of Kent, whom Johnny Day ?. placed in front of thirty-three others after a slashing -,? set-to with Withington on Montebsllo, Bottom on .; Penally, and Johnny Osborne on North Lincoln, and ?!- wilPTI fllPra u-nrn ntili* fnttr liAnrla h.lirMn tha Inf A h . 1. the end of tbo j-ear Escrett resigned Iba care of .the' -n Ham team, and set np in business for himself at .Can- -.i nock Chase, and Mr. Gratwicko replaced him with ? .-- Walter May, who is still in oflice, and promiass to havo \ a Jong tenure He, like his predecessors, atrange to tay, .1 could not let the first Newmarket Handicap he contended -r for escape him, and with Ebony wesaw bim keep up the - charter, and, doubtless, many fresh victories are in store r for tho young stock of bis employer's paddocks. Thus it' will 'bo seen, by a reference to '.ho racing career of Mr. Gratwicke, he is ono of tho most fortunate men on :? : tbe turf of the present age, and boars a closer resem- : bianco to Mr. Bowes than any other individual we ; uu.u iitbuiiuii, VJllCgJI. LUUb JJLl . VjrULWIUllt] IIU3 UUl. UCUU . -f In the habit of backing his horres for the . samo i sums aa Mr. BoweB. Both have bred, not bought their ? winners, and the luck of both has ebbed and flowed In c strains, and against neither has the breath of scandal ever r whispered a syllable ' For breeding purposes, Mr. ;-;-. Gratwicke's paddocks, which aro within a stone's throw ; of, bis house, are admirably adapted. As- tho soil isj/I rich, and the substratum ' chalk, tbo land is thoroforo . ;» free from those cold damps, which, iu clayey countries, :-;j ' are apt to tell so injuriously on young stock. As one of -I our most popular writers on studs truly aays, ' Thcbest ?:i criterion of .bow a young- horse bas been done from bis i foalhood, is the development of- his frame as he ad- ,[ vanceain age.' And we want' no better criterion of ? .' 'Mr. Gratwicke's experience in the managemont of his t' young stock, than the size, power, and good looks, they ._- iresent when first stripped' on a- racecLurse. ;In fact, a. r Ham ' weed.'Uwas never yet seen1; by'.anybody, so well a docs ho know how to nick bis crouds. At .-prescu't his t breeding is composed of the following animals, and the ? ?-, possession of so much good blood, and such fine mares - 1 us Landgravine. Hesse Uomburg, Governess, In- i structress, nnd Maid* of Kent, makes bim fill; up the ? void, which the death of Lord Egromont created in i Sussex. ? ! - ?- » .--?-?.,! .- ',-.,, .?.,-.' ± ne i*um atniiiuim uru v^uainaiD, i\ooerc ue uoruam, - udent; and Heaao Cassel ; and the brood mares, Flirt, ??'. csso Hombiiro, Landgravinb, Squawk Sido Saddle,:' Oxonian dam, Governess, Maid of Kent, Instructress,1 't and Henrietta. And as good wine needs no bush, so their ??- stories nro too woll known to rcquiro one word of com. ' meudation from us. ? ... . ? ??? - ?:...- TnAiNiNO StAblks :; [vKiiu ' Svdnet.— (From the ' Herald — In oonnection with tho metropolitan races, it '' ay not be out of place to notice the very porlect and' ' commodious establishment which has' been opened' as' 'i training, stables, on the English principle, by .Mr.'-' lowles, the well known animal painter of Sydney. The . ewmarket Training Stables; as they are termed, aro J tuato'wlthlri a convenient' distdnco of thd course, anil' cliide, with many other advantages,' the use of ah'1 J excellent training or exerclso: ground; ou' which1' tho ? niost tender-legged animal can work with safety, the ? fast work being, done on tho racecourse ' itself. At i ireaent tbe boxea are nearly all occupied, but it is tho J intention of the proprietor to add another range of ? stablet, when the estabUahmont will bo cbpablo o£ ac- ; commodating between twenty and thirty horses. Amongst lr is animals now located ' there, wo may mention Peter 'r 'in, Elfin Knight,, Ada, 'Lunatic, Mlgnonette.'Scamp,1' Eugenie, Grasshopper, , Pasha, Wonder, Old England,'! and- Lucretia. The stables aro well arranged, being'1 light and roomy, and occupy threo aides of a quad- ! rangle, each side oxtonding about 100 feet, whilo.tha a proprietor's resideuc'o occupies1 the fourth. Thero .' are stablea for back's, and a building used by the train- '? era and attendants in charge of tbe different horses. ?) The exercise ground surrounds tho premieea, nnd is half ': a milo in' circumference,, jo that horses can tako their sweats in any weather, Thero ia an abundanco of puro : water on tbe premises; and, altogether, tbe Newmarket Training Stables is tho most complete esUblishmtnt of ''. le kind in the colony. It will be a great convenience ' o the ownnrs of racing stock ; and it is satisfactory tp ' ( mow that tbe highest euloglums havo been passed upon ! its management by those gentlemen who havo already ' patronised it. ' . '.'??'' 