THE CENTRAL RAILWAY TERMINUS. To the Editor of The Herald. Sir, — Hilloah 1 help for tlio Victorian Railway Department, may fairly bo inscribed on tho banners of " Viator " and othera in their attempts to run down by tho grossest misrepresentations tlio proposed schema of tuo nooson's Bay Railway Company for con necting tho Suburban with tlio Victorian lines of railway at Spencer street. It is extremely difficulty to thread one's way among such crude and ill digested theories, and tho con- sequent confused and often conflicting iden3 of the writcra opposed to this schemo from tho Thunderer in Collins strcot downwards. Your old friend tiio Argus is perfectly horrified— (us much as the ghost of Dr. Bowie could mako liim)— at tho idea of tho rubbish depot along Flinders street bring converted into a decent looking lino of arches and shops, nnd made productive of revtnuo to tlio Railway Company ; and your correspondent " Vintor is equally shocked again, at tli so arches being made into a kind of " rag-fair," as if tho company wero about to commotioo marino store dealers upon a large scale; whilo our friend tlio Engiiicer-in-Cliic-f quittly lays Dr. Bowie's ghost, and soothes the nervous system of " Viator " by nn official doao of six or seven levol crossings, nnd dispenses with tho uso of theso horrid arches altogether. Mr. Hi"in- botlinm has no such qualms of conscienco as oven tho Hobson's Bay Railway directors, for be would not only givo up the ground without compensation, but would run the risk of tho level crossings producing as many coroner's inquests in the year,— reminding ono of an old toll-keeper on the banks of llio Tweed, whoso panacea for preventing carters evading the toll by fording the river wns, ' Tlint there should bo a good farmer's horse drowned every month, Mid a num. toO| now nnd then quietly." But "Viator" thinks nothing of all this now that ho clearly sees ln3 way to tho estab- hshment of a magnificent timber-yard at openeer street. Passengers and merchandise may seek lodgings where tlioy please— thoro is nothing like limber. Extension and radical alterations in the arrangements of tho Sponesr street station should bo nt once pro ceeded with that the wood trade may bo provided for?- Sweep away the present goods 6heds at Sponcor street, and tlio site with its frontage to Spencer street devoted to tho storago of wood. Goodness, gracious 1 Gracious, goodness ! Where is all tho money to come from ? The Government have not a penny to lav out, and hero is a conl nmunafil for old goods sheds to be swopt away, aa if with the besom of destruction, new ones to bo built on Batman's Hill, and last— not least— the proposed extensive timber yard, which will require nearly a quarter-million of monoy to curry out. It is a curious fact tl.nt 110110 of tho oppo nents of the Hobsou's Bay scheme havo over ventured to disprove that tho junction of tho linos would bo uu immense bonellt to tho colony at large, but havo contented themselves with whining over tlio ioss of llio Willianistown traflle looming in tlio distance, or making groundless assertions about tho rapacity of tho railway company. I would reoom mend such, and " Viator '! in particular, to study the concluding sentences in ths pamphlet of " Logic," where ho says- — " that' any dbveiopemont of tho resources of Melbourne tending to facilitate commerce, to cheapen tlio cost of imports, and to lessen the expense and delay in transmitting exports to tlio port of shipment, must clearly be to tho ad vantage of tbo entire community, every member of which is either n producer or consumer, or both, and must necessarily assist in rendering tlio balance of trado in favour of tlio oolony and in thereby increasing its wealth and com mercial importance. Tho greater tho facilities offered to trado in Melbourno, tho moro de sirable tho port will appear to morehunls in other parts of the world, and tho cheaper tho oolony will bo supplied j" and also, " to afford tho greatest possibio facilities for the economi cal, convenient, and- rapid transmission of goods and passengers from I lis oily into the in terior of the country." I simply ask — has any scheme been yet pro- : posed to the publio that will oombinB all these advantages to the oolony— at oil equal to tho Uobsou'a Bay aohaino? Yours obediently. FLINDERS STREET WE3T. 