SENSATION NOVELS. (Continued.) VERY different, however, is the darker side of the story. The appearance of the escaped convict in the squalid and dismal solitude of the marsh—the melancholy landscape with that one wretched figure embodying the forlorn and desolate sentiment of the scene—is perhaps as vivid and effective a sketch as Mr. Dickens ever drew. It is made in fewer words than usual, done at a breath, as if the author felt what he was saying this time, and saw the scene too vividly himself to think a full development of every detail necessary to enable his reader to see it also. Here is the apparition and the scene.— " A fearful man, all in coarse grey, with a great iron on his leg. A man with no hat, and broken shoes, and with an old rag tied round his head. A man who had been soak- ed in water and smothered in mud, and lamed by stones, and cut by flints, and stung by nettles, and torn by briars : who limped, and shivered, and glared, and growled, and whose teeth chattered in his head as he seized me by the chin. . . . When he came to the low church-wall, he got over it, like a man whose legs were numb and stiff, and then turned round to look for me. When I saw him turning, I set my face towards home, and made the best use of my legs. But, presently I looked over my shoulder, and saw him going on towards the river, still hugging himself in both arms and picking his way with his sore feet among the great stones dropped into the marshes here and there for stepping-places when the rains were heavy or the tide was in. "The marshes were just a long, black, horizontal line there, as I stopped to look after him ; and the river was just another horizontal line, not nearly so broad nor yet so black; and the sky was just a row of Iong angry lines and dense black lines intermixed. On the edge of the river I could faintly make out the only two black things in all the prospect that seemed to be standing upright : one of. them was the beacon by which the sailors steered, like an unhooped cask on a pole an ugly thing when you were near it ; the other a gibbet with some chains hanging to it, which had once held a pirate. The man was limping on towards this latter, as if he were the pirate come to life and come down, and going back to hook himself up again. It gave me a terrible turn when I thought so ; and as I saw the cattle lifting their heads to gaze after him, I wondered whether they thought so I looked all round for the horrible young man, and could see no signs of him. But now I was frightened again, and ran home without stopping. After another very vivid picture of the same marshes under the wild torchlight of a convict hunt, this horrible figure disappears out of the book, and only comes to life again at the end of the second volume, when, as Pip's un- known benefactor, the mysterious secret friend who has made the young blacksmith a gentleman, he re-emerges, humanised and horribly affectionate, out of the darkness. The young fellow's utter despair when he finds himself held fast in the clutches of this man's gratitude and bounty— compelled to be grateful in his turn while loathing the very thought of the obligation which he has been unwittingly incurring—is very powerfully drawn, and the predicament perhaps as strange and frightful as could be conceived. The terrible benefactor appears without the slightest warn- ing in the young man's chambers, startling hharmless youthful life into the rudest, yet most intense tragedy ; for his convict patron is a "Lifer," and the penalty of his re- turn, if found out, is death. The sudden change which thus clouds over a hitherto harmless and aimless existence ; the precautions necessary to keep the stranger safe ; the gradual concentration of all interest into this one; the way is which, when hunted and in danger, the unfortunate voung hero grows first tolerant, then anxious, and at last affection- ate, to his strange and uncongenial friend,—is carefully done, and contains all that there is of interest and excite- ment in the book. It is a struggle against an unseen enemy—always an exciting spectacle ; and the fact that it is not the imperilled criminal himself for whom we are prin- cipally concerned, but the generous young men who have devoted themselves to save him, refines the contest, and gives it an interest less coarsely tragical. Through the whole, he, the man specially in danger, is acquiescent, pas- sive ; while the unlucky object of his bounty contrives and plots for him, accepting the bond between them with hearty youthful generosity as soon as his dreadful patron is in trouble. The narrative is close and rapid, and told with- out much unnecessary detail ; but notwithstanding its un- deniable effectiveness as a whole, it must be admitted that neither its successive incidents nor even its crisis strikes sharp upon the course of the story, or stands out with any distinctness from its general level. We watch the second boat stealing out upon the river without any sudden thrill of interest. We see the two convicts go down together into the water churned by the agitating passage of the great steamer which lowers over them like a castle in the water, but we draw our breath as calm as before. The means, in short, are superabundant, and full of all the natural ele- ments of wonder, pity, and terror, but the effect is not produced. Perhaps most readers will make sure of what is going to happen to Abel Magwitch before they retire to their peaceful pillows, but once there, the returned convict will not haunt them. He will neither interfere with their sleep, nor startle their leisure with any uncomfortable con- sciousness of his own lurking, clandestine figure. At first, when he was out on the marsh, there seemed some likelihood that he might—but he has died, so far as his faculty of ex- citing a sensation goes, for long before he dies in prison. By means almost as exciting as those which, in the case of Bill Sykes, made the reading world hold its breath, and in- vested with all the dark grandeur of tragedy the vulgar fate of a brutal wretch, too debased for sympathy, Mr. Dickens has this time made nothing but a narrative, power- ful, indeed, but not pictorial, and from which we cannot quote any one incident sufficiently vivid and distinct to concentrate the attention of the reader. The following death-bed sketch, however, is full of a subdued pathos and tenderness, without exaggeration or overdoing, dismis- sing in pity and charity, but without any attempt to make him a wonder either of remorse or reformation, the lawless soul who has been the overshadowing terror of the book :— "The kind of submission or resignation that he showed, was that of a man who was tired out. I sometime derived an impression from his manner, or from a whispered word or two which escaped him, that he pondered over the ques- tion whether he might have been a better man under better circumstances. But he never justified himself by a hint tending that way, or tried to bend the past out of its eternal shape. . . As the days went on, I noticed more and more that he would lie placidly looking at the white ceiling with an absence of light in his face until some word of mine brightened it for an instant, and then it would subside again. Sometimes he was almost or quite unable to speak; then he would answer me with slight pressures on my hand, and I grew to understand his meaning very well. "The number of the days had risen to ten, when I saw a greater change on him than I had yet seen. His eyes were turned towards the door and lighted up as I entered. " 'Dear boy,' he said, as I sat down by his bed, 'I thought you was late. But I knowed you couldn't be that.' " ' It is just the time,' said I ; ' I waited for it at the gate.' " ' You always waits at the gate ; don't you, dear boy.' " 'Yes. Not to lose a minute of the time.' " 'Thank'ee, dear boy, thank'ee—God bless you ! You've never deserted me, dear boy.' "I pressed his hand in silence, for I could not forget that I had once meant to desert him. " ' And what's the best of all,' he said, ' you've been more comfortable alonger me since I was under a dark cloud than when the sun shone. That's best of all.' " He lay on his back, breathing with great difficulty. Do what he would, and love me though he did, the light left his face ever and again, and a film came over the placid look at the white ceiling. " ' Are you in much pain to-day? ' " ' I don't complain of none, dear boy.' " ' You never do complain.' "He had spoken his last words. He smiled, and I understood his touch to mean that he wished to lift my hand and lay it on his breast. l laid it there, and he smiled again, and laid both his hands upon it." This picture is affecting in its simplicity and composure. The man has been a criminal, but he is not remorseful, or even affected by the solemn agitation and thrill of expectancy which we naturally associate with the approach of death. He is only weary and worn out, as most people are when they come to that inevitable hour, unsusceptible of im- pression. A wonderful mystery among all the mysteries of this life is the quietness with which most people die. Guilty as they may happen to be, going to sleep like innocent creatures, with subdued demonstrations of child- like simple emotion, tearful pleasure, grateful affection—a wonder as great as anything in life, and only coming to be acknowledged as experience of what is, takes the place, in all true representations of our various and strange existence, of theories and imaginations of what ought to be. The convict dies with a certain subdued halo of patience and gentleness about him ; yet he has been a troublesome ruffian enough as long as he bad any opportunities that way and very shortly before the end of his life has exhibited towards his persecutor sentiments which were anything but Christian. But no withstanding these drawbacks, Abel Magwitch makes, on the whole, an edifying end : an Mr. Dickens seizes the opportunity to note with delicate skill that pathetic gratification in the affection shown them which is common to the old and weak of all classes. The tender pride with which the dying man dwells on the fact that his "dear boy " always waits at the gate for the hour of entrance is a touch as true to nature as it is afflicting in itself. The secondary persons of this book, however—almost entirely separated as they are from the main action, which is connected only in the very slightest way with the rest of the story—are, so far as they possess any individual character at all, specimens of oddity run mad. The in- credible ghost, in the wedding dress which has lasted five and twenty years, is scarcely more outre than the ridiculous Mrs. Pocket, whom the hero finds seated in her garden, oblivious of everything that is going on around her, absorbed in a book which it is natural to suppose must be a novel—for popular superstition still believes in the existence of individuals capable of abandoning all the duties of life for the superior charms of fiction But it is not a novel, but a Red book, which wraps the lady in an ideal: world. Of the same description is the ingenious Mr. Wemmick, the lawyer's clerk, who lives in a little castle at Walworth, and calls his old father the Aged, and exclaims, " Hulloa! here's a church—let's go in !" when he is going to be married. Is this fun ? Mr. Dickens ought to be an authority in that respect, seeing he has. made more honest laughter in his day than any man living, and called forth as many honest tears : but we confess it looks exceedingly, dull pleasantry to us, and that we are slow to accept Mr. Wemmick's carpentry as a substitute for all the homely, wit and wisdom in which Mr. Dickens's privileged humorists used to abound. Besides all his heavy sport, there is a sensation episode of a still heavier description, for the in- troduction of which we are morally unable to discover any motive, except that of filling a few additional pages —unless, perhaps it might be a desperate expedient on the part of the author to rouse his own languid interest in the conduct of the piece. Otherwise why Pip should be seduced into clutches of the senseless brute Orlick, and made to endure all the agonies of death for nothing, is a mystery quite be- yond our powers of guessing. And again Mr. Dickens misses fire—he rouses himself up, indeed, and bethinks him- self of his old arts of word and composition, and does his best to galvanise his figures into momentary life. But it is plain to see all along that he means nothing by it ; we are as sure that help will come at the right moment, as if we saw it approaching all the time ; and the whole affair is the most arbitrary and causeless stoppage in the story —per- haps acceptable to weekly readers, as a prick of meretri- cious excitement on the languid road, perhaps a little stimu- lant to the mind of the writer, who was bored with his own production— but as a part of a narrative totally uncalled for, an interruption and encumbrance, interfering with the legitimate interest of the story, which is never so strong as to bear much trifling with. In every way, Mr Dickens's performance must yield precedence to the companion work of his disciple and assistant. The elder writer, rich in genius and natural power has, from indolence or caprice, or the confidence of established popularity, produced, with all his unquestionable advantages, and with a subject admirably qualified to afford the most striking and picturesque effects, a very ineffective and colourless work ; the younger, with no such gifts, has employed the common action of life so as to call forth the most original and startling impressions upon the mind of the reader. The lesson to be read therefrom is one so profoundly improving that it might form the moral of any Good-child story. Mr. Dickens is the careless, clever boy who could do it twice as well, but won't take pains. Mr. Wilkie Collins is the steady fellow, who pegs at his lesson like a hero, and wins the prize over the other's head. Let the big children and the little prepend and pro- fit by the lesson. The must popular of writers would do well to pause before he yawns and flings his careless essay at the public, and to consider that the reputation which makes everything he produces externally successful is itself mortal, and requires a sustenance more substantial than a languid owner can be expected to give. lt is a bold proceeding to place the name of a compara- tively recent writer, who has scarcely yet won his spurs, beside that of one of the masters of fiction ; and we will not attempt to claim for 'Owen,' any such place as that, held even by the most unsatisfactory of Mr. Dickens's works. The book, however, has high qualities of its own, and be- longs to a class which possibly never might have come into existence but for the labours of Mr. Dickens. How far it is wise, or how far it is expedient, for art to forsake the educated world, and betake itself in search, of fresh nature and unsophisticated character to the lowest levels of society, and there to the farthest fringe which divides social guiltlessness (for we cannot say innocence) from crime, is, to our own thinking, a very doubtful question. Nature is no more unsophisticated down below there than it is upon the haughtiest levels. We do not perceive the conventionalities only because they are of a kind unknown to us—or, when we do perceive them, their simple absurdity strikes us so, that in the amusement with which we regard them, we forget to think that the con- ventionalities which are real and cruel restraints to our- selves, would look quite as absurd to anybody as superior to us in training and education, as we are to the coster- mongers and vagrants of London. The author of ' No Church' has, with apparently a serious inspiration more consistent than that of most of the writers who elucidate the noisy utterances of Whitechapel and the Borough, and con- vey the story of these heathen places to the distant ear, taken his stand in that confused and obscure world. He takes as there, not to introduce us to quaint wits or darkling villains, but to show us how the course of life flows on —how goodness may exist without religion, but how religion alone can confirm and perfect goodness. His hero, Owen, is a bright, fearless, quick-witted, famishing London lad, desolate and self-sustaining, deserted by a worthless mother, and charmed by the motherly looks and words of a poor costermanger's wife to the paths of honesty, and virtue. This poor woman has been, as poor women will, increasing the population of Whitechapel, when the wistful boy, alarmed for the safety of his patroness, appears, in the following effective snd simple sketch, watching the humble, anxious house :— "All was quiet at Tarby's shed, where the gas burned low, and where Tarby walked about on tiptoe enjoying bis after supper pipe, and looking as sober as a judge. Tarby had his hands in his pockets, and his cap tilted on his forehead, and was promenading thoughtfully to and fro, holding a committee of ways and means with himself, and mapping out the proceeds of last week, and calculating for the next, and disturbed in the operation by thoughts of a deeper cast that troubled him, and with which we shall presently trouble the reader. . . . Tarby, deep in committee and addressing the chair at the present moment on the probability of a rise in turnips, was unconscious of a watcher who stood in the opposite doorway, and took stock of his proceedings. A youthful watcher, whose clothes were a trifle more worn and dilapidated than when the reader made his acquaintance, and whose face, if he had stopped underneath the gas-lamp yonder, would have been found more thin and pinched and haggard than when attention was first drawn to it on the great London road some three months since. The eyes were very anxiously directed towards the shop at the corner, and the heart under the rags beat with an uncertainty and a sickening sense of fear very new to it. For the watcher had been at that post night after night for above a week, and no sign of Mrs. Chickney had presented itself, and he had wished to see and speak to her. But Tarby had been only there of an evening, and he had nothing to say to Tarby just then in which Tarby could take an interest or assist him ; it was Tarby's wife he wanted, and she never appeared ; and he knew, by the drawn blind before the back-parlour glass- door, that she was ill inside there, and that it was better, however time pressed, not to trouble her. . . . 'Owen was watching him with great intentness, when the parlour door opened, and the woman whom he had noticed serving occasionally in the shop came hastily forth, and flung up both arms in rather a stagey manner. Owen saw Tarby make two strides towards the street, then stop at the woman's voice, hesitate, and, turning back, go into the parlour. Owen left his hiding place, and ran to the opposite side of the way, and up the two steps into the shop in his excitement, then down again as the parlour door opened, and Tarby re- emerged. He was in his old hiding-place when Tarby went to the shop board, and pro- ceeded to lug forth a rickety shutter that had not seen paint or varnish, or known a scrubbing-brush, since its first coat in ages remote. Owen looked perplexed, and turn- ed a shade more pale. If he had been ever taught a prayer, it might have escaped his lips then, hard and inured to the world as he was. For she had been his one friend—the 'Owen; a Waif,' By the author of 'No Church.' only ? he had known. She—but perhaps Tarby was only going to shut up early . . . .only going to shut up, to be sure. Why, here comes another shutter. "And that was the last ! Owen saw him turn back into the parlour, leaving his advertisement of a death in Hannah- street to the notice of his neighbours. Was it only an im- pulse that took Owen up the steps, and even into the shop, where he stood against the potato-bin, and waited some one's attendance. Presently the woman put her head out and said, ' What do yo want ?' in no very civil tones. " ' I want to see Tarby.' " ' Can't I serve you ?' " ' No !' was the quick response. Tarby reappeared in the shop after this abrupt reply, as Oven and he looked each other in the face. " ' What!—is that you ?' said Tarby. " ' Yes , it's me ; ' and there they stood looking at each other, till Owen broke silence. ' I see the shutters are up —I'm sorry.' "Tarby did not answer, but surveyed him with a little more surprise. " ' She—she,' with a gulp, 'gave me the first good word, and that's more nor my own mother ever did. She pro- mised to tell me what was wrong if I ever thought I didn't know it from the right; and now she's dead. Tarby.' " ' Not the old woman—not Polly, boy. It aren't so bad as that.' " This little picture is touched with great delicacy and truth in its perfect homeliness no way etherealised out of the poor, very poor, green-grocer's shop, which is a para- disaical home to the contemplation of the houseless vagrant outside, yet full of a real sentiment and wistful anxiety. This is the beginning of the poor boy's good fortune. The mother, just bereaved of her baby, uses the power of her weakness and grief to melt her husband's heart to the house- less lad, who is taken into their home and hearts, and be- comes the stay of the family when Tarby himself, who has three periodical saturnalia every year, knocks down a police- man at last too vigorously, kills the man, and is transport- ed in consequence. The story is not successfully construct- ed, and has many weak points. Owen, out of the green- grocer's shop, has to be made a gentleman and rich man, which is of course a rather troublesome operation ; and the author's ingenuity is considerably tried by the effort of changing his ground with his whole group to a level of gen- tility, and indeed wealth. He manages the leap, it is true, but it is forced, and not over- successful and Owen, the costermonger's boy, is a much wore natural and agreeable character then the Owen who, in six years, makes money enough to come back from Australia, and become master, along with his partners, of a large London foundry. The mere fact of this necessity for raising the hero's social posi- tion is a serious objection against the choice of a poor boy for this office. Poor boys rarely become comfortable gentle- men, and it is a petty result enough of the research which goes down, enlightened and candid, to show us what noble lives and pure hearts are among the poorest poor, when the same hand which throws that light upon the masses makes haste to detach its special protege from among them, and elevate him to a higher standing, that his virtues may have breathing room. Owen, unlike Pip, works his way up steadily, with some show of probability : but, like Pip, takes to being a gentleman with a facility and readiness not always characteristic of blacksmith or costermonger boys. When he comes to man's estate, his pride and his affections are alike wounded and he resolves upon leaving England. Just at the same critical moment, his wretched mother turns up suddenly in the lowest depth of drunkenness and wretchedness, and, touch- ed by unexpected kindness, resolves to reform, and consents to go abroad with him. All goes pretty well until the last evening, when the young man, proud, wounded, and embittered, as it is the special privilege of a plebeian hero to be, comes home to find that the wretched creature has been trifling with temptation, warns her sternly that she must give up either her favourite vice or him, and leaves her, believing her penitent. The description that follows strikes us as being singularly powerful :— " She was thinking of the morrow, too, in that darkened room. She had not thought of a light until she had somewhat noiselessly closed the door behind her, and bumped herself on the floor, in a position similar to that which she had adopted in the drawing-room, after the last reproaches of her son. He would be quiet now, and not come down to worry her till the morning till the morning ! She shuddered as she thought of it. It was an awful prospect that morning, when he would enter with his death's face, and those dark eyes which would go clean through her, and make her feel ready to sink through the floor. He would talk of her moral weakness and the last chance, and she would be sober then, and every word would stab like a dagger, and yet he would go on stabbing unmercifully. And, after all, for what ? To make her live better, show a clean dress and face to the society she hated ; tender her a servant and a slave ; take her to foreign parts, which she did not believe for a moment would agree with her. What did it all amount to?—misery ! She was to be sober, and think eternally of those many sins which had multiplied upon her, since her first step from right, and thinking of them was horror! She had been alll her life, trying to forget them in drink, and now he took the drink away because it was more respectable. She didn't care to live respectable just to please him, who, now he was a fine gentleman, wanted a decent mother. He was only thinking of himself ; he didn't care much about that past life he was so anxious she should escape from. And it wasn't such a miserable life, come to think of it. There was no one but herself to please, and it was hard to please two. She had found that out soon enough. She couldn't please two all her life, and the time would come when he would throw her off in her weakness, and then she should be in a foreign place, where there were no old pals to look up, no old haunts to seek refuge in. No, it hadn't been as miserable a life ; lots of fun and gin! A rare exciting life, with little to do but hang about 'the publics,' and spend the money one had bogged, borrowed, or stolen. He talk of casting her back to the streets ! Why, the streets were her, natural element, and she could exist there. She was a woman of the streets, and their darkness was con- genial. She knew every turn of them, half the faces in them, and to think of it all made her yearn as for home. . . . She had tried a change, and it had not agreed with her ; let her be off. When the worst came to the worst —somehow that unfriendly meeting did occur with most of her pals at the last— she could drown herself. There might be a year, two, a dozen, between this time and that, and between whiles she should be having her own way. Let her be off, then, silently and cunningly, with her boots in her hand, lest the stairs should creak in the descent ; and her breath bated for fear the quick ears of that proud young upstart should hear her ; he was awfully sharp, like his mother. "She had unlaced her boots as thought suggested her plan of action : she had risen with them in her hands. An awful figure looming amidst the darkness—the angels who had had hope of her might have wept to see her ! The old look, the old evil thoughts—the old figure borne back by the irrestible attraction which sweeps back to the sea so many like unto her. For the one who clings to the rock, and holds fast in the storm, how many go down ! . . . . She stepped into the streets, and left the door ajar behind her. It was raining heavily then, and she huddled her shawl round her, and pulled the bonnet over her eyes, and in an instant it was the same world-worn desolate figure we have seen on Markshire Downs, met in Hannah-street, when Tarby's wife died. "Plodding on in the shadow of the houses went the woman to her dark estate, back of her own free will to the sin-haunted life, from which one upward spring had been fruitlessly made. In the rain and the wind, with her head bent down, and the refractory grey hair already making its escape after the old fashion, she emerged into the Ken- nington Road, and plunged into the network of courts and alleys that spring thence—dens of poverty, and sin, and ignorance, and all uncleanness, which there is no sweeping away. We cannot call to our recollection any similar stretch so much exaggerated, yet so effective, in recent fiction. It is as sad as it is true, yet refrains from all unnecessary horrors. More detail might have made the picture disgusting. It is almost solemn in its brooding silence, yet restless activity of thought, and in the stealthy resolution and guilty joy of the escape. We have had many pictures of reformed lives, but few of the terrible satisfaction with which such a poor sinner escapes out of the restraint of virtue and has "her will" again. Mr. Dickens is more or less master in art—not to say of an infinite height of superiority in the gifts of nature — to both the writers whose works we have referred to, and to many others of as wide a diversity of gifts. It was he who brought us first to the crowded London lanes to find wit, and worth, and quaint generosity and virtue, among the despised multitude; and it is he who now bends his powers to the popularising among us of that instrument of literary excitement, the weekly Story-teller. Whether he or anybody else will be able to keep that restless agency going without descending to the expedients of the feuille tonists, remains yet to be proved. Whether his own fantastic oddities and tamed criminals will do it ; or whether, in inferior hands to those which have wielded that insanity, we will not venture to prophesy. We can afford to be grateful, for once in a way to any form of publication which has introduced into literature the example of skilful workmanship and the delicate and startling thrills of sensation conveyed by the ' Woman in White;' but the Master of the School has not yet condescended to rouse him- self for the illustration of his experiment, To combine the higher requirements of art with the lower ones of a popular weekly periodical, and produce something which will be equally perfect in snatches and as a book, is an operation too difficult and delicate for even genius to accomplish, without a bold adaptation of the cunning of the mechanist and closest elaboration of workmanship. How far the result might be worth, the labour, we will not attempt to decide. 