A 'CORPSE CANDLE.' : The progress of the body of Alexander from the hour when it was life- abandoned to that in which it was employed to close a bung-hole, was a slow one. A chemist who possessed the ability of a I-Iofftnai, a Normanby, or a Crookes, could reduce a for bulkier body than that ef the great Macedonian to as small a compa;s, and in a very short space of time. Something of this kind was performed by a French chemist not very long ago. Having had tho misfortune to lose a friend to whom he was deeply attached, he extracted all the iron from his body, and had it manufactured into a ring, which he wore constantly on his wrist. This exhibition of French eecen tricity was not altogether novel. In 1792, Paris was not a particularly pleasant place to live in : nevertheless people were boin there, lived there, and died there — some of them in an exceedingly disagreeable nnd abrupt manner — very much as they had done before. Among others of its inhabitants was one Hippolyte liouchet, who kept a shop for the fale of grocery, wine, candles, oil, blacking, and other articles of chandlery, at the corner of the Rue Favart and a little street which runs into the Rue de Grammont. Now, M. Louchet had a daughter, with a taste for coquetry, which manifested itself at a re markably early age even for a Frenchwoman. The feocial position of the parties on whom Bhe exercised her talent in this way was quite a matter of indifference to her, for, like a good little citizeness, she accepted the doctrine, that all were equal. I urn speaking now of a time when sho was a girl, nnd Eupc.ie Danton was a boy some eleven or twelve years of age. Eugene's position was not a lofty one, nor his prospects brilliant, his avocation being that of a comnnsiionairc — that i» to say, he cleaned the boots of such citizens as continued to indulge in such refinement, ran errands, and made himself generally useful. His acquaintance with Mademoiselle Agathe Louchet originated in his buving his blacking in her father's shop, where the little Ias3 did not hesitate to ask him all kinds of impertinent questions respecting his business, to the amusement of her father and mother, and the confusion of poor little Eugene. After a time, he seem* to have found that the corner of the Rue Favart offered greater advan tages in a professional point of view than the ad jacent station he had hitherto occupied, and he removed his apparntus thither. He now had fre quent opportunities of seeing Agathe as she passed to and from her father's house ; and whenever this happened, no matter at how critical a stage of development he had brought the polish on his customer's boots, he invariably jumped up, and, totally forgetful of his dignity as a citizen of the republic, made mademoiselle a bow. It occasion ally happened that mademoiselle would stop to speak to him, if he chanced to be unoccupied, and great was Eugene's joy when this occurred, and astonishing the energy with which he danced the Carmagnole round his establishment by way of giving vent to it. In such stiiring times »3 those, it would not hayo baen difficult for him to have pushed his way up in the world, at the risk, how ever, of being pushed out of it altogether by some one who wanted his place ; but the desire to see Mademoiselle Agathe restrained him from making any effort in this direction until ho had become thoroughly aware that if his love for her were to be crowned by marriage, he must make an effort to raise himself above the condition of a commis sionaire. Accordingly, shortly after reaching his fifteenth year, he made npplication to Citizen Destouches, one of the oldest and kindest of his patrons, fur a post under the .Republic. This eitizsn received Eugene very kindly, and in a short time procured for him a situation in the Chamber of Deputies. He wa3 now in a fair way of getting influence enough to compel Agathe's parents to consent to his marrying their daughter, even it they had any objection to a young m*n whose prospects had so much improved ; but inasmuch a? he was as yet of tender years, he contented himself, for the time, with visiting the family on the ground of his being an old acq laintance, on which occasions he was treated by Agathe with great coolness when her parents wero present, and a corresponding amount of familiarity whenever tfiey chanced to be away. Also it is to be feared that she saw him on other occasions elsewhero than in her father's house. Time gradually removed the sole impedi ment to their union ; and having now attained his nineteenth year, Eugene urged Agathe to suffer him to make a formal request for her hand; but the young lady opposed it with nil sorts of pretexts for 'delay. The truth was, she had known him so long that she was now tired of him, and there appear to have been others who had a better claim to her hand, if they had chosen to assert it, than he. The more reluctant she ap peared to be to accept him as her husband, the more anxious he showed himself to occupy that position. At last, tired of hia importunities, she gave him such a decided negative in aucb; posi tive term?, that he left her with the profound conviction that there was not the least hope for him. Instead of revenging his disappointment by getting her sent to the scaffold, and thus pre venting her from breaking any more heartB, this young man did the very thing which she must most have desired, considering how dangerous a disappointed living lover might become in those days — he committed suicide, and accompanied the act of self-destruction with a circumstance so very extraordinary, that I am half afraid to relate it, lest some msy doubt whe ther I am writing with a strict regard to the truth. On getting to his apartments, h.? sent n note to one of the principal men who possessed establishments at Montfaucon, to whom he had been introduced by Destouches, requesting him to brenkfast with him the next morning. The greater part of the night he spent in meditating on his project, and the remainder in arranging his affairs in connection with the Chamber of Depu ties, for at this time he had reached a position of some importance. The person he had invited duly presented himself at the breakfast table at tho time appointed. What passed between them waB stated by the latter to have been merely a re quest that he would allow him (Eugiine) to sleep at his house that night, and the exaction of a promise to faithfully perform whatever request lie might make to him. After this man, Pivoine, had gone, Eugune went to tho commissionaire whom he was in the habit of employing, and told him to come to his apartments in the course of the afternoon. When he came, he gave him a bag to carry to Pivoine's house, and ordered him to wait there till he arrived. Late that evening, Eugene Danton was sitting in a bedroom in the horsa-sluughterer's house, at Montfaucon, nnd before him Btuud the young commissionaire. 'Pierre,' said he, addressing him, ' we have been acquainted a long time, and I know I can depend on you to do what I ask, precisely and without variation. What I want you to do is this : on the fourth day from tkis you will deliver this note to Mademoiselte Louehet ; it is an appointment for her to call on.me the next evening at my apartment. You will afterwards return here, and M. Pevoine will give you n letter and a candle. You will be in attendance to re ceive Mademoiselle Agathe when she arrives, and the moment ahe enters the room, you will light the candle and put the letter into her hands. As I may not be a customer of yours after that day, here aro two gold piecs for you ; but you must first pro mise to me that you will faithfully obey my direc tions ; and if by any chance Agathe does not come to my apartments on that evening, you will find means to cause her to read the letter by the light of that candle.' Pierre not only promised, but kept his word in every particular. Mademoiselle Agathe came, but evidently with no very good will, and quite prepared to give vent to her ill-humor on the slightest provocation, as appeared from the state ment made by Pierra. There were candles burning on the mantel piece when she entered the room, but before the lad put Hugene's letter into her hand, he lighted the candle he had received from Pivoine, and held it while she read it. It ran as follows : ' My dear Aqathb, — I have told you a thou sand times that not only would I die for you, but that if you ceased to love me I should cease to live. That time has arrived. You have had the cruelty to tell me, in the hardest language, that you no longer love me. Agathe, you have broken my heart — that heart which knew no hope with which you were not associated, and if I die to day, 1 do but hasten an event which would surely happen to-morrow. But I forgive you your coquetry and cruelty, my cherished one — adored even now in my last . mome.rit&(~ You will read this letter by the light of a candle composed of my body; bo that, having seryed you faithfully while alive, I have still the happinefg of knowing that I shall be of service to you after my death. Adieu ! my angel — my adored ! 'Thy Dying Euoenb.' 'Blow out that candle, Pierre, and give me what is leit,' said Agathe ; and as Bhe turned to leave the room she sighed heavily and added : ~- ' Pauvre Eugfcne ! Vraiment, le jcu no vaut pas lachandelle ! ' The Beunal street JNIurder. — We see tint considerable sympathetic excitement has been evoked in favor of the man ILdg, at present un der sentence of death for the murder or man slaughter of Isabella Riddle, and that a memorial to the Government for his reprieve and commuta tion of sentence has been diligently taken round the town, to which a very large number of sig natures have been procured. One gentleman (Mr Morris) hadyesterday evening, single-handed, obtained about 310 names. We have heard of a singular episode connected with this matter. A storekeeper zealous in the ca se had a list in his shop, and was busy ' bailiHg up' all passeru by for their autographs, when a portly gentleman was Eolicited to take the pen nnd sign. ' Do you know whom you are addressing, Sir ?' ?wi.o asked somewhat sternly. 'No,' replied the store keeper, taken considerably aback. 'No, I thought not,' replied the stout gentleman, and walked on. The mystery was solved by a person in tliR store informing him that the objector was no other than his Honor Mr Justice 'Williams, who is at present on Sandhurst. — licndiyo Adver tiser, 30th April. A Presidential Levee. — The new year levee far outshone that of the old. Even the semi 8essionist croakers who go to the White House to ridicule and tell every lady they meet how much finer things used to be, can but confess that the Red, Blue, Green and East room3 were most re eplenuent that night, without the reflected lighu of their vanished southern bellc3. Southern women are very sumptuous. They fascinate with their riant graue, their exuberant sweetness, their sensuous prodigal beauty. They lack ths exquisite delicacy of perception and feeling, the broader intellectual culture of the women of the North; but they cultivate their manners with as much, nssiduity as the former do their heads and hearts, exalting their social magnetism to the dignity of consummate art. It is very natural, then, that people who have bsen accustomed to bask in the splendour of Mrs. Douglas's smiles, and to believe that Mrs. Crittenden, Mrs. Jeff Davis, Mrs. Gwin and a few others alone made the hon Itnoi Wash ington society, should deplore their departed idols. But we get along very well without them. The tides of beautiful women sweeping under the chandeliers left nobody room to regret the absent. With a single exception, Mrs. Lincoln's costume was in oxauisite taste. Sne wore a dress (decol/tte) of azure Bilk shot with white, mottl.d with gorgeous velvet leaves of a deeper blue. A shawl of point lace hung over her arm, and a point lace berthe, of marvellous fibrous texture, encircltdher neck. Her ornaments were pearl bracelets and necklace ; her head dress of blue and white plumes. Mr Lincoln looks a little carev/orn, thoughtful, if not anxious. But, in such an as sembly, how easy is it to see that he is not a selfish man. Every motion, every look, indicates the genial kindness of his heart. The Iiutchnuon Family were present. Taking both of ' John's hands, the President told him with what pleasure ho remembered his singing in Springfield, and asked him if he would sing for him the dramatis song of the ' Ship on Fire.' In a moment more the great drawing- rooms were vocal wit'ithe rich melody of the Hutchinson voices. ' only think,' said lif.le Yisla Hutchinson to me, with childish jtaivete, ' after I was through N.P. Willis kissed my hand, and thanked me lor the song. No one ever kissed my hand before. Arid you know he is such a lion.' ' Yes, a born lion,' I replied, as I watched him promenade with Mrs. Lincoln, beaming down on what he calls her ' motherly lace. At least ne is inevitable. At concert, reception, lectures, the first object stamped on the retina is the Bruminelish figure and fiyronic forelock of N. P. Undoes not at all remember the man who, from the death-bed of ' a consum ptive,' composed as many farewells to the world a John Chi very did epitaphs to his own memory, ivhen expecting to die daily from the lore of Little Dorrit. It is really affecting to hear the old hubi'.uiis of Washington lament or inge over the new regime. Miss Forlorn burrows in the attic. She is a maiden of fifty, who, of cour3e, has seen ' better days,' had many lovers, and refused ' thirty ofters of marriage.' She claim5 to be a victim in some mysterious way to the administra tion and the new reign of ' Yankee-..' There is something touching as we.l as ridiculous in her dinner- table lamentations. Once she was the bosom friend of Lady Gore Ousley, the chosen coiifidanfe of Lady Napier, and the pet of Mrs. P. and B. and D., if we may believe her story ; in those palmy days she despised and hated every thing northern. Now, not daring to despise, she hates with a double zest, and with a hatred veering close upon madness, for the .North holds overher the sceptre of power. On the row of clear cut northern faces which confront her at the dinner-table with quiet politeness she glares with covert mtmace. How genuinely she hates us, how furiously she hates us, while, with .'.er vindictive missiles flying in our faces, we con tinue to masticate our beefsteak in unperturbed serenity of soul. — New York Post. Shocking Accident. — List evening an inquest wa^ held before Mr Bedford, the Westminster coroner, touching the death of Thomas Nicholls, aged 22, employed at Smith's distillery, Thames bank, Pimlico. Lost Friday morning, about tix o'clock, deceased was going to his work, and almost immediately afterwards Burton, the night watchman, and Staeey, another workman, were startled by loud and piercing cries for help. They immediately entered the distillery, and rau to the wash-pit of bailing liquor, from which the cries came, and there found the deceased hanging by the hands, immersed in the boiling liquid up to the armpits. He was at once pulled out and taken to the engineers' shop, where his clothe3 were stripped off as quickly as possible. A sheet was wrapped round him, and he was removed to the hospital. The father-in-law said that the de ceased accounted to him for the occurrence by sayinpr, ' It was dark, and I fell in.' Mr Valen tine Smith deposed that he was owner of the dis tillery. He was called as soon as the accident hap pened, and found the poor follow in the engineers' shop. He did everything he could for him. There was plenty of light at that point, but he apprehended that as he was hurrying pa'it the pit to his -work, he must have been blinded by the steam. The wash-pit had been in its present condition for many years, end though 150 men. were employed on the establishment, and a great number of strangers passed it daily and con tinually, this was the first accident that ever occurred. Deceased died the same day. A verdict was returned by the jury of ' accidental death,' with a recommendation to Mr Smith to erect a barrier, for greater safety for the future. Mr Smith assured, the coroner- and jury that this had already been' decided upon. — Times, 21st February. Editing a Newspaper.— Newspaper literature is a link in the great change of miracles, wmoa proves the greatness of England, and every sup port should be given to newspapers. The editors of these papers must have a most onerous taBk. It is not the writing the leading article itself, but the obligation to write that article every week, whether inclined or not, in sickness or health, in affliction, distress of mind, winter and summer, year after year, tied down to one task, remaining in one spot. It is something like the walking a thousand miles in a thousand hours. I hare a fellow feeling for them, for I know how a periodical will wear down one's existence. la it self it appears nothing— the labor is not manifest; nor is it the labor— it is the continual attention which it requires. Your life becomes, as it were, the publication. One week is no sooner corrected nnd printed, then on comes the other. It is the stone of Sisyphus— an endless repetition of toil, a constant weight upon the mind— a continued wearing upon the intellect and spirits, demanding all the exertion of your faculties, at the sume time that you are compelled to do the severest drudgery. To write for a paper is very well, but to edit one is to condemn yourself to slavery. Thanhs be to Heaven, I have passed my own emancipation mu. —Captain Marry att. One op the most curious phenomena of the times is the passion for ghost stories. Although no department of fiction iB more monotonous or devoid of originality than the supernatural, there is none more eagerly sought after at the present moment. In an age pre-eminently distinguished for its progress in the exact sciences, we nnd tne most childish credulity flourishing beneath the Bhadow of a sensuouB and unreasoning material ism.— hpectator. 