Crifto rf Wit anir Humour. An Irishman knows how to mull everything, except claret. Pantaloons obtained on credit are breeches of trust. In punctuating manusercripts, is it necessary to colonise them ? If you buy a second-hand pair of boots, they aro always re- sold. If a henpecked husband is not clever, he is at least shrewd. If the doctor orders bark, has not the patient a perfect right to growl ? A fly in a man's butter is decidedly the most un* pleasant of all butterflies. A ' down east' butcher advertises for an assistant ' who can make both ends meat.' A crusty old bachelor says that Adam's wife was called Eve because, when she appeared, man's day of happiness was drawing to a close. Miss Adelaide Kemble recommended an artist as strong enough for any part, as he had twice carried her in his arms without any signs of breaking down. ' Is Mr. Brown a man of means ?' enquired a lady visitor of Aunt Betsy. ' Yes, I Bhould think he was,' replied Aunt Betsy, as everybody says he's the meanest man in town.' ' My brudders,' said a waggish darkey to a crowd, ' in all affliction, in all ob your troubles, dar is one place you can always find sympathy.' — ' Whav ? whar?' shouted several of his auditors. 'In de dictionary !' he replied, rolling his eyes skyward. ' Poor Hans !' wrote a German to a friend who had been inquiring after his son, ' he bit himself mit a rattlesnake, and vas sick into his bed for weeks ia te month of August ; and all his cry wa3 ' Vater! vater!' And could'nt eat nottin at all till lie com plained of being a leetle better so he could shtand up on his elbow and eat a cup o' tea.' Liberal.— The 1,000 New York Zouaves, 700th battalion, have a good story about a drunken captain of theirs, who met a private of his regiment in the same condition. The captain ordered him to halt, and endeavoring in vain to assume a firm position on his feet, and talk with dignified severity, ex nlMmnJ CC *D Mvml-r. C!w.^(-l~ T' 11 ? I ? ._ ? til I? ? _1 1 T UIO1LU17U. .Li-xrauc oiuiuii, ±. x± give yuLlb 1 1UUT O C1OC& to gissober in !' ' Cap'n,' replied the soldier, ' as you're (hie) a sight drunkemiam, I'll give yout'l fiver' clock to gissober hi !' Amatettb Reporting. — The following exquisitely precise report may possibly convey to others intelli gence which our obtuseness will not enable us to comprehend. It may — we cannot hope it will ; but, at any rate, it will be no breach of confidence to comply with the request of the writer and give it the publicity of our columns : — ' A Most Murderous attack on a Father by his son and son-in-law they fell upon him and nock him down like a butcher nocking a bulluk down and jumping upon nim with their nees and feet like tow bruts of fellows and then with a thick wakling- stiek for five minutes aud left him for dead two brutes of fellows — I hope they will be to brought Justice and where where was the doctor.' Who the father may be, who the son, or who the son-in-law are mysteries that will probabiy, so far as the l£ercury is concerned, remain unravelled to the end of time. — Sartlepool Mercury. A New Dish. — A gentleman, whose knowledge of the French was limited to a few words, and who was ignorant of the meaning of those, called in at one of the French restaurants a few davs sinra fnr his Hinnor. 'Vat vill you have, sare?' said the attentive French waiter. ' Fll take some of that — that — what do you call it ? same as I had yesterday — some French dish or other.' — ' I do not recollect, sare, vat you did have day before dis.' — ' Oh, some fried dish. — let's see, a fried fille de chamhre — I believe that's what they call it.' The poor waiter shrugged his shoulders, and put on a look of perfect astonishment when his customer called for a fried chambermaid. Twa Lang-TJAGES. — As the train from England the other day stopped at Dumfries' station, a sturdy Nithsdale yeoman entered one of the carriages, and, shortly afterwards, thus addressed himself to an English lady : — ' Thit a verra sauntersum set here about this stashun.' English lady — ' Sir ?' Yeoman — ' Fm sayin' thir a verra taiglesum core hereawa, ^especially on the Saturday nichts.' English lady — 'Sir, I really don't know what you are saying.' Yeoman — ' I am saying the train is very late, mem.' English lady — ' O yes, sir, indeed ! very; indeed it is.' Old yeoman (with a chuckle — ' Ye see, mem, us Scotch folk talk two languages, an' gif ye dinna understan' the ane, yur shure to understan' the ither.' — EXLmarnoeh Post. Fencing with as- Advocate. — Recently a farmer called a witness to prove the bad character of Enoch Jones, his near neighbor. ' Well,' said the counsel, 'what do you know of Jone3, the plaintiff? Doe3 he bear a good character ?' ' We don't like him too much in our neighborhood.' ' We don't suppose you did ; but would you trust him or believe him. under oath ?' ' He might tell the truth if it was for his interest.' ' Do you think Jones an honest man ?' ' I never gave him a chance to steal any thing from me.' 'But do you think Jones would steal if he had an opportunity ?'' ' Well, I can't say positive ; but I should rather not try him.' 'Perhaps not; but am I to understand that vou have such a poor opinion of Jones's honesty that you would be afraid to leave anything where he could steal it if he were so inclined ?' ' No, I shouldn't be afraid if I watched it !' Evidence about a Chootey. — A claim haying been made at the Marlborough-street Police Office, for a reward on account of the detection of a brewery chimney on fire, it was resisted on the ground that the flue, which was about 80 feet high, was so con structed and managed that it could not take fire. A witness on this side, who gave the (unnecessary) iu formation that he was a chimneysweep, set forth his evidence in the following terms : — 'This hare man (pointing to the patrol) has told a false affidavit, your Worship. I knows that here chimley from a Mutant, and she knows my own foot as well as my own mother. The ways I goe3 up her is this — I goes in all round the boiler, then I twists in the chimley like the smoke, and then up I goes with the wind, for, your Worship, there's a wind hi her that would blow you out like a feather, if you didn't know her as well as I do, and that makes me always go to the top niv self, because there isn't a brick in her that doesn't know my foot. So that you see, your Wortship, no soot or blacks is ever in her ; the wind won't let 'em stop ; and besides they knows that I go up her regu lar. So that she always keeps herself as clean al a new pin. I'll be bound the sides of her is as clean this minute as I am (not saying much for the chimney) ; therefore, your Wortship, that ere man as saw two yards of fire co'.ning out of heir, did hoc sea no such thing, I say ; and he has told your Wort ship, and these here gentlemen present, a false affi davit, I say. I was brought up in that chimley, your Wortship, and I can't abear to hear such things said — lies of her; and that's all as I knows at pre sent, please your Wortship.' A Peose Poeh. — Once upon a midnight stormy, a lone bachelor attorney pondered many a curious volume to his heart's forgotten lore ; while he nodded, nearly napping, suddenly there came a tapping, as if some one gently rapping — rapping at his chamber door. ' 'Tis the spirits !' and he started, ' rapping at my chamber door. Oh, for help ! I'm frightened sore ! Then into this chamber flitting not even one permitting to fly into the closet or get behind the door, came the ghosts of fond hearts broken (with many a ring and other token), and they sat them down beside him, on the dusty, book strewn floor — sat amidst the volumes of most venerable lore. Quoth the lawyer 'What a bore.' 'It must be something serious ; this certainly mysterious, quite an advent of the spirits — resurrection con amore. But I under stand them mostly!' — here there came a rap so ghostly, that he could not more dissemble as he had done heretofore, and Ms face grew pale and paler as he started for the door — down he fell upon the floor. Then there came a clatter, clatter, and 'his teeth bs gan to chatter, as the spirits gathered round him, and accused him very sore ; how with gladsome face all smiling, and with winning words beguiling, he had charmed away thesense3 of fair maidens by the score; and each lass had fondly fancied 'twas her he did adore. Quoth the lawyer, ' never more !' Startled at the stillness broken by reply so aptly spoken, for the answer, strange enough, quite a relevancy bore ; they then began a noisy rapping — sort of spiritual clapping, which the lawyer thought could be but a ikshionable encore — and again, as if his soul in that word he would outpour, did he groan out, ' Never more !' Presently his soul grew stronger ; hesitating then no longer — ' Oh, oh !' said he, ' sweet spirits, your forgiveness I implore ; on my knees to every ghostess, who to love has played the hostess, I will promise to recant the many faithless things I swore ! Will you promise then to leave me?' here he pointed to the door. Rapped the spirits, ' Never more !' ' Be that word our sign of parting,' said the hapless wight upstart ing ; ' Me ye hence into the darkness, seek ye out some distant shore. In the noisy camp or forum, in the lonely sane sanctorem — such ghastly, grim, un gainly guests were never seen before. Lsave my lone liness unbroken ;' here he opened wide the door. Rapped the spirits, ' Never more !' So these vixen spirits of evil — spirits still — though most uncivil — they will never leave the lawyer, though in tears ha may impiore. a.i nis iaise Heart toey are tapping, they are rapping, they are rapninCT, aud he wishes, oh, how vainly \ that nis haunted life were o'er ; and he often sighs — ' Oh, could 1 but reoil the days of yore, I would flirt — ^Oh, never more !' — American Courier. [The foregoing is an admirable parody on Pae/i wonderful poem ' The Raven.'J 