PORT ADELAIDE BRANCH BIBLE SOCIETY. The annual meeting of the Port Adelaide Branch of the South Australian Auxiliary to the British and Foreign Bible Society was, held on Monday evening, October 27, in the St. Paul's Schoolroom. Almost all the seats were occupied—Captain Hart, J.P., presiding. The proceedings were opened with a hymn, after which the Bev. A R. Russell read the 19th Psalm. . The- Chairman then ad-1 dressed the meeting on the business before them, and called upon Mr. A S. Neill, the Secretary, to I read the annual report and the Treasurer's balance sheet. The report was as follows §"The report of a local branch of the British and Foreign Bible Society like our own may, when taken by itself, be regarded as a matter of no great interest. The facts that we have to report are small in themselves, and can only embrace in a general way a few topics, such as the number of our subscribers, the amount of our subscriptions, and similar points, with the comparison of the work of one year with another. But when we take a wider and more comprehensive view, and contemplate our local branch as forming part of the great Bible Society at home; or, to use the language of the Apostle, 'a portion of a whole body, which is fitly joined together and compacted ; by that which every joint supplieth, according to the effectual working in the measure of every part" character. If we can report success and progress, I then we may thank Bod and take courage, not so much at what we ourselves have done, as at the thought that even at this distance—the extremity of the earth—the head Society is exhibiting life and energv, thus affording a sure proof of its vitality. If, on the contrary, we report failure— or, what is akin to failure, a want of progress—then what incentives to fresh exertions should we find in ]tlie fear lest, even in the smallest degree, we should be checking the operations of the Society, discouraging its promoters and agents, and our selves acting unworthily of so good a cause. "It is. then, with a deep sense of their respon- i sibility that the Committee lay before the members ; and friends of the Bible Society the following facts-— "During the past year the number of sub scribers for Dibits and Testaments has consi derable increased, the collectors' books showing 25 at its commencement, and 4S at the termina tion. The aggregate number of free contributors has experienced a slight fluctuation; but the losses from removals and other causes having been made up by the introduction of new subscribers, the present report exhibits 82 as'compared with S4 in ISfil. Through the valued labours of the lady collectors, the free contributions for the year have amounted to £41 10s. 5d-, and although this falls short of the similar receipts for last year by 17s. 4d., your Committee attribute this to circumstances which have prevented the whole four quarters'col lection being made in some of the districts. The sum of £30 5s. thl. has been paid for Bibles &c.;, to the regular collectors, in addition to which Mr. Grosse's sales at the depository have been £1410s. The increased subscriptions for copies of the Scriptures have, therefore, favourably influenced the total receipts for this year, which have been £92 19s. 3d., against £76 4s. 9 the previous one. The issues of books have been 174 Bibles and 47 Testaments, being an increase on the last report of 56 copies of the Word. The total issues from tills branch have been 1,119- As the depot is well stocked with Bibles, Ac., to the value of £33 2s., your Committee had the plea sure, in concluding their duties for the year, of remitting from the funds in hand—viz., £65 0s. JOd.—the sum of £50 as a free donation to the parent Auxiliary, and a slight tribute in aid of that liberal income which enables the British and Foreign Bible Society to carry on its extensive and world-wide operations. "Now, whether these facts -and figures show that we are doing all that we can or should do is a point about which there may Lie a variety of opi nions, even among the best friends of the Society; but on one point the Committee feel assured that all are agreed —that this branch must not relax, hut, on the contrary, if possible, increase its exer tions. Aliout this they feel that no friend of the Bible can hesitate for one single moment "In what is the work that we have in hand? Take the Bible. It is Cod's word; God's revela tion of Himself,'HisTvill, His mercy, His holiness. It is the only true record of the life, the death, and resnrrection of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ and of the work of the Holy Ghost the Comforter. It is the only source of Divine truth; the only writings which can make men wise unto salvation. When the oracles of Cod have been thus com mitted to us, can we fail to do our best to distribute them as widely as possible? "Or when we regard the good already effected, and being still carried on, by means of the Bible, both in nations and individuals: and when we think of the blessings ever granted in all ages to those who have studied it, of the comfort it affords to the sorrowful, the knowledge to the ignorant, the strength to the weal;, how can we think of relaxing our efforts till the whole world is sup plied? " The missionary field affords a simi'ar argu ment for continued exertions. If in a Christian nation copies of God's Word are required to aid the Christian ministry, how much more must they be needed amongpeople just rescuedfromlieathenism? AVe cannot, then, rest until all men can not only hear, but read in tlieir own tongue wherein they were born, the wonderful works of Cod. "The same may be said of the records of the Parent Society. At first sight, when we read of its gigantic operations, wc, or some of us, may be almost inclined to ask—What need is there of further exertion? And such a remark is almost excusable when wc read of there being no less than 9.000 societies* which arc in connection with it; or of 160 languages into which the Scriptures have been translated: or of the issue of last year, amounting to 1.595,2(8 copies; or of the total issue of books since its formation, amounting to nearly 41,000.000. "Yet wlien we take a view of the other side, and think of the many millions still lying in darkness; of the fresh fields constantly opening at home as well as abroad, we again learn that it is no time for rest. "Impressed, then, in so many ways with the importance of the work of the British and Foreign Bible Society, of which we are a branch, the Com mittee would urge all present subscribers to con- i tinuc, and, if possible, increase tlieir subscriptions. ; and would appeal to all others to join in the good ' work. "And if.ever, as we view the vastness of the work compared with the present resources of the Society, the thought occurs to us which occurred to the Apostles respecting the five barley loaves i aud two small fishes, ' What are they among so many?' then lei us turn to Him who made their scanty supply iuore than sufficient, and who will not liow fail to supply the wants of His creatures." The Lord Bishop then moved, and the Rev. ML H. Hodge seconded— "That the report now read lie received and adopted; and that this meeting is of opinion that the British and Foreign Bilile Society deserves the support of cvcrj'Christian." * Tliis being carrieJ, tlie Bev. J. H. TdcJkee moved— this meeting, in expressing-its thankful ness to the Almighty f>r the success granted to the Bible Society, recognises the duty of ail. local branches, and this in particular, to increase their exertions, that the Parent Society may be able to meet the various and increasing claims -made upon it." The Bev. A. B. Russell seconded, and the resolution was carried. A collection was then made, at which the sum I of J£313s. Sd. was subscribed. It was then moved by the Rev. A. W. Webb, and seconded by Mr. S. GoodE:— " That the thanks of the meeting be tendered to the Committee for the past year, and to the ladies who have so zealously acted as collectors; and that the following gentlemen be requested to act as the Oilieers and Committee for the ensuing vcar, with power to add to their number, viz.:— President—J. Hart, Esq., J.P- Committee—The ministers of the various Protestant denominations of the district, Messrs. E. Alger, E. H. Butler, A. G. Cave, T. Dallison, W. DiveraL E. Harris, T. J. King, D. Kirkman, J. McDonald, J". Neil!, — Omond, J. Ottaway, and P. H. Wright. Auditors—Messrs. W. W. Ewbauk, and W. D. Scott; Treasurer—Mr. T. J. Mitchell; Depositary —Mr. J. Grosse; Secretary—Mr. A. S. NeilL"' This was also carried, the speakers in each resolution addressing the meeting at length on the subjects before them. Votes of thanks to the Chairman, the Rev. J. K. Tucker (the agent from the Parent Society}, and the Trustees for the use of the schoolroom, were then passed. The doxology being sung, the Lord Bishop pronounced the benediction, and concluded the meeting. * Of this number fl8S exist in the colonies and dependencies of Great Britain 