THIS Published every Friday morning. FRIDAY^ APRIL 25-1862. ROCKSVHEAD! . , Mottj^Gambier is at present labouring undepSa attack of ague. After the hot fit has come the chill; the social tempera* ment is rather low; and the patient is somewhat bewildered by the moral alterna* * tiohs he has at present to undergo, and , which come over him, like the changes the climate, rather too suddenly to be quite comfortable or agreeable, The truth is, The Mount has been build* ing somewhat smartly during tbe past summer; and men are rubbing their eyea because they have reversed the crucible of the alchemist, and turned gold into stone. The edifices are there j and handsome looking buildings they are: but the stone bas not begun to " draw," and tbe money which used to be thought of as lying warm and dry in the Bank is now turned out intVthe street, and exposed both to every wind that blows, and to the pelting of ibe pitiless rain-cloud: Therefore, men shrug their' shoulders;? faces lengthen . work'j», for the presant^iminishing; the winter is ComiDg; arid of course TheMoiint ia, ..done." This would be pitiable, if it were not common to short-sighted humanity every where and in every place. Twice in our own recollection, and within our own expe rience, has mighty London itself been "done." During one of these " crises," we have walked up "Fleet-street, Ludgate Hill, and Cheapside, to the Bank and the Exchange, and there was no evidence of London being "done." The throng of human beings was there ; vehicles of every sort crowded the thoroughfares, from the costermonger's donkey cart to the crowded omnibus, the rattling cabriolet, the brewer's dray, and the ponderous waggon: yet London was "done." The " Bank'' had raised its rate of discount; Gurney, Overend & Co. had followed suit, and the rumour ran that the fatal " fourth" of the month would withdraw tbe fictitious props of the " house of cards," and displays terrible scene of mercantile disaster. But that terrible "4th" came and went, as all days come and go ; and a quiet notice in the " city article'' of the Times re-assured the trembling metropolitans that all danger was over, and that current bills had all been taken up, numerous as they were, " much better than was expected." Thereupon, we have taken a suburban walk ; enjoyed our ease at our inn; and in talking to the land lord about the " crisis," have received for answer, ' La, bless you, sir,I heard noth ing of the sort !" But though we, of the present generation,, have depopulated the realms of imagination, we cannot do without our " ghosts,' Puck may be dead, and the fairies fled,and hard cash may reign in their stead. But hard cash has also its apparitions, which " come like shadows, so depart,'' While we are getting hard cash there is a halo round the image, and yet we tremble lest the beautiful rainbow will vanish in the storm, and not leave eten the pot of gold at the imaginary spot where the " beautiful bow" touched the earth. Why should The Mount go down ? Is it built upon a quick sand ? Truly, this despondency is akin to the madness of him who would have called out " Fire'' in the midst of the Deluge! Are the farmers all going to " let go the painter," and float away on a shoreless sea, because wheat is rather low ? Por shame, these unmanly despondencies ; this quar relling with our bread and butter, because it is not a rich cake, and buttered on both sides! T-" "" , ' , i*" . in good sooth, there is more money on The Mount than many people are aware of. Struggling farmers may not exactly have it -but it is somewhere, and that on The Mount too. And other men in business , may not exactly have it, because they may have speculated a little beyond their pre sent available means, and in all such cases the returns come in slower than the outgo- ings, But there is substantial capital, on The Mount--the very fact of these numer ous and handsome new erections proves it. Is the new building of the Bank rising on fictitious credit ? Have Miller, Lord & Co. built upon paper ? Is it not a well known fact that other new buildings are the product, not of a venture into the future, but of a loosening of past accumulation ? Egotistical as it may seem, we can say that we occupy the new office of the Border Watch without fear of "foreclosure;" and though something of a debt still hangs over the Wesley an Chapel, that will be paid oflp by the zeal and energy of the Wesley an body and its friends. Aye, and proverbi- ally cautious as the Scotch are, the Pres byterian body meditates an enlargement of their place of worship, much needed because of the increasing congregation, and are about to erect a comfortable manse for their talented minister. Tbe German Lutherans, too, are going on with their Church ; and though we have not recently heard of any fresh movement with respect to the mem bers of the Church of England on The Mount.there is no doubt but their projected Church will be ultimately commenced and carried out. Aijfur the Roman Catholic denomination* if has long enjoyed the! benefit of its own sacred edifice. - But the winter is coining! Yes, it is. And that will try us. No doubt it will, if Jhe winter rains prove heavy,* And if dur» ing'the winter work prove a little scarce, men'-dependent on daily toil may get a little behind. But " The woods will hear thevoice of spring, . And flourish green again.!' Depend upon it. ne wjII not Jet the Gov- * eminent rest until we get 'that Post .Office, and that Market; and that Gaol, and that Asyluui, and tbat Tramway to MacDonnell Bay. We have paid for them ten times over; and the Government has got the money. We unw require our money s worth; and we believe that the Govern ment feels the justice of our claim. And our roads must be mended, or rather made; we have paid for that too. So, all we have got to do, is to imitate the importunate widow: for even supposing (which we do notj that Sir Dominic Daly is of opinion | ityimagnuses ardelio, or, as the Irishman wuuld say, "a bit of a trifler,"' we must impress upon, him that in Govern men t as we'l as at School, bis dat qui cito dat ^thit (he ihiitgf7s twice done which is done quickly. Hear the conclusion of the whole matter. The Mount is not going down but going up! We may have a slight dulness during the winter ;, but so far as depends upon our selveS, we intend to take measures to mitigate that dulness; and we shall not easily iettle down into the faith of Medio tutissimus ibis- or think " a middle course the safest.1" 