SAFETIY OF DR. LIVINGSTONE, THE AFRICAN EXPLORER. In our last issue we copied a statement, contain, ing a report of the death of this celebrated traveller. We are glad to learn that this is unfounded, as news has been received by which it appears that Dr. Livingstone is still alive; but confirming the report of the death of his fellow labourers. The Cape Toen Argos of the 23rd May gives the follow. ing account:- "Dr. Livingatone seems to bear a charmed life and defies the worst contfingencies of travel with a perfectly fever- proof constitution. The intelligence received from hin and from hie expedition this month, is gratifying in the extreme. From his gin letters it will be seen that his spirits are as buoyant, his energy as great, his style as grapbic, and his s?ccess as distinguishedi .ever. When the Gordon left in April, Mrs. Livingstone had joined him . month or two before, and be and his assistants, with the Pioneer, were well up the Shire bringing along with them the new steamer Lady Nypsassa, intended to navigate the Nyaesst Lake. Since we had previously heard from him he had been eminently successful in his exploration of that lake, and of the country all arounnd it. The sheet of water thus added to the geography of Africa is some 200 mtiles in length, with a varying ·breadth of ornom trwenty.ive to.fifty miles, and dormed one of the related chain of lakes of which the Tanganeika and Npaas of Burton and 8poke ara thetwo xorthen _mdt-p-n get_?J the rhole of this plateau' with'bi wtte6aed hat bspplies the fountain of anolet Nile. Wehbave no space here tl o entir upon sany'detailed desoriptiqn, of which quite suficient is given in the admirable letters iof the .doctor himself; nad can only brieflyrefer to another important gapin which has been derived from the Zambezi expedition, naely, she knowledgethaithe sytematic sive-trade of the whole East Afrioan oast centres in the country round Iysse. The presence of Livingstone iimself as the Copsul qr her Britanoic .lMajesty has already done something to abhck the nefarious traffic there, and more will yet he accomplished by the operations of the mission in the neighbourhood. - . Expecting the arival of a sister and wife, the Bishop and Burrup set out on thelr journey down the Shire, intending to ebach -the Sambesi mouth. While drifting alopg, the river in a native canoe, their frail craftwas caught in an eddy, they them ielvee were upset into the stream and, worst of all, their medicine--au iadispensable reqUdisite to 'travel there-went Wtohe bottom, Drenched as they were, they passed the hrat night as they best could aon the bank; fever seized them without any means being available to check its progress; they still continued their journey onward, and in shoot twenty days more the Bishop was dead. His companion, Mr. Burrup. enfeebled himself, was barely able to direet the burial; and hisfaitful Makololo-bearinghim on their shoulders, in a litter made of branches of trees -retrneing their couree to the mission station? arrving there only in. time to'let the ebhauisted ratrete missionaryhrethe his iatii theaffbiection. I ato'ociety of h?ethi p frieiide. Mistilackense and 'Mrs. Burrup soop ifr.d s arived at their destina 'tion~, in Conpliaj withd ptsta Wileos,the' gallant commanduer of the, Gorgon, who;at great, risk to himself and the men who followed.him, determiped to see them at their-longand.perilous journey'eend. Their anguish at the news awaiting them may perhaps be imagined; it certainly cannot be described. This iutelligeuce is mournful, but it is not such as should cast any discouragement whatever upoa the mission. The death of these two brave and godly men, was as far as we may apply the term at all to such events as these, purely accidental. The surring miseignaries are still at their poast workqing with spirit, devotion, and success; and by the present mail, Dr. Gray, the Metropolitan Bishop of Caps Town, proceeds to t?ogland, to aid with his counsel and experience in the immediate selection of a successor to the departed sad lamented leader of the enterprise." About £849000 has been aubscribed to the fund for buildiag a memorial hall in the metropolis, and erecting new chapels in the provinces, in celebration ! of the.bicentenary of Nonconformity. MTlTErIOUS DEAITa or A BALLT GiRL.--On Wednesday forenoon Mr. H. Raflee Wailthew, the depnty coroner for Middlesex, held an inquest at the Regent Tavern, Rhodewell-road, Stepney, touching the death of Ads Emma Williams, aged 19 years, a ballet girl employed at one of the miqor theatres, who was found dead in .the Regent's Canal under very mysterious and suspicious circumstances. Rebeoca Williams, of No. 3, Nelson's-place, Bow lane, Stepuney, said the deceased was her daughter. She was a single woman, and was occasionally employed as a ballet dancer at the theatres. She had kept company with a young man named Rain, who had lately discarded her, as she had formed a bad acquaintance. Ona Friday night last she returned home about half past twelve o'clock. Witness scolded her for keeping such late bours, and some high words ensued. Witness asked her if she had been with a young man, when she replied, " Who do you think I have been with ?" Witness then boxed her ears, and slapped her face three times. She cried, and said," I will never come home again." Deceased was much excited, and said witness bed not been a mother to her. She then left the house, when witness called her back, bet she replied, "No, neverl" Witness never saw her again alive, but beard that her body had been found in the canal on the Monday morning. Wit ness did not believe that the deceased had been ill nsed by any one, and her late sweetheare had no ill feeling against her. The deceased had given birth to a child. She had led a profligate and disrepatable life. William Bradbary and Robert Rogera, the lock-keepers at the Globe-bridge, Mile-ead-road, said that they heard loud shrieks for help on Monday morning, about three o'clook. They went to the spot where the sound came from, and saw a rippling of the water. The drags were obtained, and sub sequently they saw a dark petticoat and crinoline lying on the grass in the field by .the side of the en~naL-The Coroner remarked on the mystery which surrounded the ease; and, ultimately, the jury returned an open verdict of" Found dead in the Regent's Canal, but how deceased came into the water there was no evidence to prove." SPsaxarI or a ELEsHaNT O Ta P?a?ICEss BonYAL.--A letter from Java states that among the animals to be brought to Europe by the Prussian vessel of war, the Elbe, now on a voyage to the East, is a young elephant, which is to be presented to the Crown Princess.of Prussia by Sir Robert Schomburgh, her Majesty's consul at Bangkok, in Siam. The auimalis.extraordinarily tame, and is the pet of the whole crew. In harbour and in good weather he is allowed to ramble about the deck, on which occasions the men indulge in exercise in equestrian style by mounting his back. He has also been taught many tricks, so that when he arrives at the Zoological Gardens at Berlin, he is likely to be the lion of the season. The Elbe will also bring a great number of other animals for the I same gardens. MlATcax.arno re FeAnce.-The dmi ddcsA Re Zcgion, a journal which from its title might be ex pected to be scrupulonaus on the score of veracily, tells the following story, which, although it would not in any case be prosecuted as "false news," and may possibly not be true, is good, at least, as a satire upon the system of match.making in France. A rich young merchant having met a young lady at an evening party, who pleased him, asked her band from her father, without saying a word to her. The papa, having satisfied himself that the proposed son in-law was eligible, gave his consent, and informed his daugher that he had found a husband for her, that she mast order the wedding-dress immediately, sand that she would be married in a week. "Very well, papa; but who am I to be married toP?" "Ohi a friend of mine; he has gone into the country on business; but yon.will see him on Sunday." "And' the wedding is to be on Monday, papat"' "It's all right; don't makeyoutrself uneasy." On Monday last, May 5, the wedding-party appeared before the mayor of the arrasssdisment of Pads, to celebrate the civil marriage, which is alone the essential legal contract in France. On the Mayor petting to the bride the usual question-" Do you consent to take this man to be your wedded husband f"r' the girl answered, " Why, to tell you the truth, Mi. Mayor, you are the first person who eves asked me that! qnestion." "Well,.bt.what do you say.'" "Well, if I had been asked before, I.should doqbtlees have said' perhaps;' but .nder presept circumstances, my answer is ' no.' ?" The Mayor at once left his chair, and the matterstandls over for farther consi; deration. ExrTEoa!ra C Tacemsna gs.-The Court of Aesine of the Vaucluse, has just tried a man named Denante, and a woman named Auphan, the former as principal, and the latter as accomplice, in the munderof eM. Auphan, of Basstide-Neuve,thse husband of tleferdepallrisoner. It appeared from the evi dence that Aupban was shot on Christmas-etie last, as he was crossinghls farmyard to the stable, and diedinless thbs half-an-hour.afterwards, Owing to the intimate relations Iknown to exist between Auphan's wife and.the prisoner, he was snspected to be the author of the crime, and was arrested that same aight. The next day he attempted to commit suicide by stabbing himself in the abdomen, but withoatinjurig any vitalpart. When interrogated soon afterwards, he confessed that he was the mur derer. and further stated that the female prisoner was his actomplice, and had bean for three months edministering polson to her husband in small doses, and that he himself had been doing the same to his own wite, with the iatentionof marrying as soon as t~heir two victims should be dead. As the poison was not rapid enough in.ita effetas, it, was arranged betweenthem that he should ehoot Auphau pn. the 24th of December. All the priucipal facts 'of this statement were fully supported by a nnmber ,of letters which the female prisoner had written to him, and also by the evideoceof witnesses. In answer :to the president's questlons, the male prisoner, ed mitted Sisgnilt, and:deolared that hi sole .motirs for the crime was his passion for Auphpn's wife. The evidence against the prisoners being 'perfetly aconclusive,: the. jury, after a ~shl , deliberation brounght in a verdict of guilty, with extenuiatin ctlrcnstances,.and the court ccordinglyc opdemned them bothto hard labour for life. EARTHQUAKE IN FRANCE.-The following are the details of the shock of an earthquake experienced at Dijo' between eight.and nine o clock on . Thursday morning, the 17th. "A great number, of persons distinctly percelved.tyo shocks o~ an earthquake on Thursday morning?last, appearing to pome from north to.south. A bell wee rung in Rue de In Vet rerrie in consequence, of the oscillation. The pro prietor of a china shop heard several articles on the shelves in his shop strike against each. other. The washerwomen employed in boate on the river per ceived the motion. A shock was likewise feltat the same hour.in til direction of the north-west to the southeast, fromin Grancey to Mirabau, over a aurfseae of two leagues square. Even at 8Slongey the popu lation were very much alarmed, for the oscillation, which lasted a second,was followed by n subterranean noise as loud as thunder, and which lasted fully two sconds. Many persons who were seated felt the chairs rotk lnitr them.. Bottles apd kitoiurni : ture~wsr .kcewked.,.agalnst. each. othlqr. ,Winfdw glass was broken, and doors which appened to be aiopen oved onUtheir hinges, Several persons felt a rhook in their arms similar to lhat caused by else. tricity , .. Mr. Geore Fuoress, .one of the contra?torafor the Greattrpolltaia utfail Works, hias obtainhed a contract for paving and draining the city of Odoessa. The works are to cost £800,000, and the ultimate expenditure for improvements will probably involve an oltley.of £1,600,000. A Garusr Sroar.-For some time past a consi. derable sensation has been created in that portiob of St. Philip's called Kilkenny, by the eppeararoe of an apparition in the shspo of a rabbit. It hasbean seen by the inhabitants at different times, and ,liartlcilsarly upon the approach of any visita. tioht of woe qpon the occupants of houses in the locality. A short time since two men living in Litle Ireland died suddenly, but before their death the apparition was distinctly seen by several to settlg upon the fropts of the tenements occupled by them. It has the appearance and size of a white rabbit when first seen, but gradually increasee until it is about as large as a sheep. At one time a man was hardy enough to chase it, and actually, as he thought, placed his bhat upon it, exclaiming at the same time," I got thee now,Old Bun I 'bhut, strange to say, upon removing the hat, nothing was found I At another time a man chased it into a corner, but upon getting close to it it vasished. It is creatiing quite a stirin the neighbourhood. Old women leave their homes at night only on the greatest urgency, and then in bodily fear. It is the chief subject of converesation in Little Ireland, c., and might, per haps, profitably employ the thought and energy of some clergyman residing in the district, with the view of allaying the nuruly ghost that has the penchant for appearing in such a questionable shape as that of a "Bunny'," thereby frighteting sensible people out of their usual propriety.- Western. Daily trin. Press. Rouaste StoasYt-The Gaette dcs eTribunaua has the following strange story:-A shoemaker and his wife, with a daughter about eight years of age, who occupied a small lodging on the fourth flour of a house in the Rue du Temple, were some few weeks ago much struck with the sorrowful air of a lodger, named Bernard, who had just hired a room near their own; and, thinking him in want of common necessaries,they adopted a thousand little expedients to relieve him without offending his delicacy. They were always asking him to take of this dish or that, and be occasionally consented to dine with them. One day, however, he said that, if conve nient, he should like to take his meals with them always, and would pay them 100f. a month. The woman thought ittoo much, but he would not hear of paying less. About a week ago Bernard received a letter which appeared to cause him great agitation. After reading it he threw it into the fire, left the house, and never returned. The shoemaker and his wife were uneasy about their friend, fearing that he had committed suicide; but a day or two after they received a letter from him thanking them all for their kindness, and begging them to accept a sum of 10.,000f. in bank notes, which hlie had left in a certain drawer in his riom. They were also to sell his furni. ture and keep the proceeds, as he was going a long journey, from which he should never return. As the lettei was posted at Senise, the shoemaker went there to make inquiries alter his friend, but couldhear nothing of him. He accordingy re turned home and appropriated the 10,O00f. as his benefactor had desired, .in establishing himself in business on his own account, CxSNr ORn loaocs.-A recent inrention by M. Sorel is described to us, He states that the ainven, tion consists in the discovery of a property possessed by oxychloride of zinc, which renders it superior to the plaster of pards for coating the walls of rooms, It is applied in the following manner:-A cost of oxide of tine mixed with sire, made up like a wash, is first laid on the wall, ceiling, or wainscot, and over that a coat ol chloride of zinc applied, being prepared in the same way as the first wash. The oxide and chloride effect an immediate combination and form a kind of cement, smooth and polished as glass, and possessing the advantages of oil- paint, without its disadvantages of smell. te.-Builder. Ascaseo Lans arn Lassss.-American lads and lesses are all pale. Men at thirty and women at twenty-five have hadall semblanoe of. youth baked. out of them. Infants even are not rosy, and thb only shades known on the cheeks of children are those composed of brown, yellow, and white. All this comes of those damnable hot air pipes with which every tenement in America is infested. "' We cannot do without them," they say. "' Our cold is so intense that we must beat ourhouses throughout. Open fire-places in a few rooms would not keep our toes and fingers from the frost."--Nors Admerica. By Adnthony Trordlope. As~aca StB- EsCo.-I found no aptitude, no wish for conversation; nay,even a disinclination to converse. In the western States I do not think that I was ever addressed first by an American sitting next to me at table. Indeed I never held any conversation at a public ahle in the West. I havesat in the same roorwith men for hours, and have not had a word s?aoen to me. I have done my very'best to break trough this ice, and have always failed. A weetac ' American man is iot a talking man. He will 't for hours over a stove with his cigar In his miioth, and his hat over hbIs eyes, .chsnig.the cs d of.reflection. A dozen will sit together In the same way, ansd there shall nqt be a dosn words spoken betwreenthemo in as hour.J'?~h the women one's chance of conversatiop ias eail worse.. It seemed as though tbhe cares of the world had been too much for them, and that all talking excepting as to business,-demands for instance .on the eervants for pickles for their hadgone by the board. They were gene ? dry, and melancholy. I am speaking, r of aged femalese--frm five and twenty,ape, to thirty, and whohad long since given up the amusements and levities of life. I. very soon abasindened any attempt at drawing a these anicent mothers of families; h s did I ponder oveg the circumstan ? e .T1.. A MAx og PsACE.Dst mang'ood ptories which have forth s passions of the natural man breaking members of thisl persuasion,in a shape m droll than distressing. One of the best of these is a north-country anecdote preserved by Francis Douglas in his description of the eat coast of Scotland. The hero was the irat Quaker of that Barclay family which produced the apologist and the pugilist. He was a colonel. In the great c?vil wars, ad.?had seen wild work in ?ii day; but' in. his ijd age a'change came over him; and, becoaping a follower of George Fox, he retired to spend.. is oid age on his ancestral eatae~l i Kiio cardineshire. Here it came to pass.that a brother lsIr4;thonght the old Quaker could be easily done a?ndbegan to enroach upon his marches. Barclay, a strong man, with the iron sinews of his race, and their fierce spirit still burning in his eyes, strode up to the encroacher, and, with a grim smile, spoke thus: "Friend, thou knowest that'ihasve' beiotne a man of peace and lhave relinquished strife, aid there fpre hou art endeavouring t ttake wittis not thige own, but maine, because thou believsthatb havinag bhjured,'tihe arm of the flesh, I cannot hindAir thee. 6nd yet, as thy friend,? I advise thee to desIst; fora shouldst thou succeed in rousing ihe old Adam within me, perchance he may ro p stronag. not ouly. for me, but fur thee." T'%erel'Z no use of attempting to answer such an argumesnt.-T?e Book Bunter, Be. By John Bell BRurton. When at college, Surtees was waiting upon the dean on business, and, feeling coldish, stirred the firs. " Pray, Mr. Surtees,"eaid the t rest man', "do you think that any other t~ladergradhste in this college, would have taken that Ilbrty ' "' Yes,Mr. Dean," was'theiepiy o'5uB1 Ai boa, l' . a~,lam." Ak one of the rlter 'ktiagies w'as prdcesdisg t4wrdskw, therp was a tdassi Mpppsalpf the machinery, and considgi',he alaimtooi plags, espe cially among the female pasingers;. Wht is the peatter? What is the matter? For Heaven's sike, tell me the worst?" exclaimed one old lady, more Anxious than the rest. After a short pause, a hoars voice from off the paddle.box replied, "Nothing, ma'm, nothing; only the bottom of the boat and the top of the earth are stuck together." An inebriated mn' can weigh nothing Eorrectly; h:e li alway'login' J!ilha'nla'e.. " 'issues zlPslaeqd and had, byC;~ c ~ithseU4uFnqler Javrknrsa tt Seesgss ~s be. 