A READING BY CHARLES DICKENS. [FROM HARPER'S MAGAZINE.] On Thursday, April 13, of the present year, Charles Dickens read at St. James's Hall, Piccadilly, I was in London, and went to hear- him. This was the second in a series of three readings, and consisted of the " Christmas Carol" and a chapter from "Martin Chuzzlewit," introducing Miss. Sairey Camp. Mr. Dickens appeared about eight o'clock, dressed in a sumptuous manner. Thus the nosegay at his buttonhole was a size larger and several lines brighter than that pleasant conceit of nature in fashionable circles is apt to be. And the area of frilled linen presented by his bosom washing extent great, and in whiteness out of the reach of suspicion. It was, moreover, studded with doubtless expensive and certainly showy buttons. In addition to which there was that in the toe of his white cravat which bespoke faculties of mind not developed, so for as I am aware, in any of the published works of Its author. The handsome suit of black, with its crest of dazzling linen, was carried off well by his figure. Some men are born to dress well, some achieve fine dress, and an unfortunate majority have it thrust upon them. Most of us prefer? to slouch, because conscience advises us that broad cloth and fine linen is not our clothes' line. I was not shocked by the legatee of Mr. Dickens' dress, I did not believe, as regarded from my stall its many attractive features, that they were combined a i an occasional oblation to the British aristocracy which was gathered about me and directly in front of him, in all the fullness of toilet, and all the glory of four shilling places (ano stipulation of admission to which, duly "in- on the tickets, was the total absence of bounds from the female head), and with which I was bravely pretending to be related, although inwardly conscious of offending the proprieties of that select circle at every button-hole and in every crease. Not shocked, because) surely that man could not be accused of before long to any poor and slavish taste ; it could not be said that he needed the endorsement of good clothes to cover weak brains and empty heart. Indeed, it was gratifying to the senses (p see the snug fit of his garments, for it told plainly that youth still holds hopeful and genial rule in the person of one of the world's best men, and that time has stolonJYom him none of the elasticity and strength which go into all of his sweet human philosophy, and give his writings their sympathetic touch, Besides, it was a hand- some dress for any man. It was becoming and harmonious, and so was a piece of art as much as the finest toned picture the writer over drow. I am rapidly writing myself down a sob; but the English pay more attention to dress than we Americans and in view of the comeliness and decent behaviour which are imparted to all their public asvQuiblios by attention to this matter I am disposed to note the observance of a polite habit by Charles Dickens for the benefit of all men of letters in this country, who profess an interest in aesthetics, and who hope to extend their cultivation by appearing before the public in mysterious and eccentric garb. I would say, if closely questioned, that the crowning characteristic of Boz in print is youth fulness ; just so of Boz in person. He is very, staunch, and bright there; so he is here in St. James' Hall, Piccadilly. Years have gone since his boyish form was circumvented and besieged by my eager fellow- countrymen, and time, since then, has worn upon the edges of his life as the ocean has worn upon its shores ; but I believe that, if his ample beard is growing grey, and if his active brain has at last cleared a small space on the top of his head, nevertheless, the glance of his eye is full as rapid, and sure, and brilliant as then, his step just as light, and his fingers just as liable for the story of the year. Long may it be before any one of the wonderful energies which have been exerted so long only for blessing and drawing together the people, is paralyzed ! But I am not, like Mr. Thackeray, writing a series of " Roundabout Papers," and should be telling about the reading. I suppose the applause of the large and intelligent audience which followed the first spoken words of Mr. Dickens, namely, that with permission he would pause five minutes after the reading of the " Christmas Carol" was a spontaneous grant of that permission, given in on the good faith, and in ignorance of the spell of eloquence which should presently bard every heart and make it stingy of time. It had just time to die away before Mr, Dickens began to read the " Carol." And here, at the outset, and once for all, I must protest against the word read in this connection. That verb could have been properly used to express the process of Mr. Thackeray in the matter of the " Four Georges, It was not by impersonation, not by tone, gesture, and attitude, that Mr. Thackeray realised to his audience the characters of those illustrious monarchs and you would say that as that little Christmas Story had already spoken for itself to hundreds of thousands of the old and young, and had left the impress of its characters upon all hearts capable of receiving an impression at all, it would bear the gentle treatment of the lecturer's desk without loss of effect. I can imagine the " Christmas Carol " read by its author with good emphasis and a sufficiently clear voice, but without any attempt, to convey the distinctive traits, or character, of each personage beyond that of the words themselves and can imagine an audience moved] irresistibly by the simple reading. Add, then, to the natural effect of any intelligent reading of the matchless sentences of Boz, the great personal interest of reading, even the simplest, by their live and hearty author and superadd to this the powerful influence of one of the greatest actors alive. By the compound addition only can you form a conception of the actual charm of a reading by Charles Dickens. For Dickens is an actor and the drama is all the more wonderful because the dramatic persons; are sustained by one man, and presenting as Mr. Dickens's characters eminently do, the " very form and substance of the times," varying from light to shade as truly as the natural landscape, are sustained with equal fidelity and with the same striking success. The English are proud of Robson. To leave London any time in the last ten years without seeing Robson would have been, as it is now, a liberty taken with the Lion. His little theatre in Wych street in permanently plethoric. It is where Parliament "lots up." The bar and the clergy go to Robson for encouragement to pursue their steep and straight ways. If the excellent Queen shows a decided preference for any one of her round of metropolitan amusements, I think it is for the Olympic, for the royal box seems always swept and garnished as if she might drop in at any time, and royal laughter has had a good deal to do in raising the roof of the house time and time again. The night before this reading I had seen Mr. Robson in one of the parts which are deemed " his owners serio-comic old chandelier in a little drama called " The Chimney Corner," which was then crowding the Olympic every night. The effect of the performance was so strong upon me there was much deep feeling in the whole delineation of a single-hearted, queer spoken tradesman, subjected to the crushing suspicion that his loved son was an arrant and heartless scoundrel, and struggling to bear up a name that, humble as it was, had never been dishonoured, and to sustain the spirits of his old woman while his own were fallen quite out of reach-that I was in a measure loth to experience Dickens so soon, lost the best impression he could give me would be dull beside the vivid and and warm impression of Robson, Yet it was not the enthusiastic verdict based upon some solitary stroke of mimetic skill, or particular sketch of character, but a gradually grown and ripened conviction, when the last word had been spoken and Dickens was himself again, that not only was he a greater than Robson-not only the greatest actor I had seen in England-but an artist who realised for the first time positively my highest conceptions of the art, and enfolded it so tenderly and imperceptibly with nature that it became a part of one's self sensitive, suggestive, and intimate. I'm not a dramatic critic. But if it were my business to discriminate nicely- to play the detective upon the passions and sentiments the human heart should be extremely happy to point out many of the most notable effects produced in the reading of the " Christmas Carol." First, I should give, as concisely as possible, the plot of this inter- esting No, is it not written among the bright holly berries of every Christmas tree, and deep down amidst the uttermost plums of every Christmas pudding ? Has it not sounded- cheerily over thousands of leagues of winter frost, and with its Christian warmth made land and land one great hearthstone of charity and love ? Will plum-pudding perish ever will the cry of merry wishes over be forgotten-will stockings fail of their saccharine supplies, while type hold together to tell that wondrous tale ? Well could the reader omit many of the mere descriptive passages. The dramatic skeleton was clothed by his genius with flesh and blood and the memory, not the imagination, of the hearer supplied with the outer garments in which it was first introduced to society at large. Digres sively, I thought that the critics who accused Dickens of an excessive elaboration and descriptive word-spinning found some confirmation in this blotting out of all back-ground from his pictures, and leaving his figures to stand alone against the clear blue of nature. His dramatic power is shown so great that I wonder the action was ever encum- bered by episodes of the imagination, however, brilliant or startling. Yet I believe that, in some theatres, the accumulation of scenery and properties is so enormous that they must be displayed on the stage in great and perhaps unwarranted profusion nightly, simply to get them out of the way. " This is wonderful !" I said to my shilling copy of the " Christmas Carol," when I found that certain gruff tones, like those of Scrooge - and so un- like the manly and pleasant tones of Mr. Charles Dickens - were actually proceeding from that gentleman's month. That mouth was strangely altered from the playful expression it were a mo montsinco. The jaw was dropped, and in falling it had pulled the corners of that mouth down with it, together with each and all the muscles of the face in general, no that the expression conveyed was one of tightness, and hardness, and coldness. What wonder that the voice which proceeded from that packer of bad feelings should have seemed , like the voice of my old master in thobill-breaking ' (and heart-breaking) line, who was daily ferocious about small scraps of paper flown to the floor, and used-up pous, and who died snug rose to his little soul i- some years after the publication of the " Carol ?" It was evident to me, after comparing this sketch of a morose old man with kindred "assumptions" (regularly critical) experienced at various theatres, that this was Mr.- Dickens' forte, or, to be more professional, his Uno; and I regretted sincerely that I was deprived of the pleasure of seeing his Scrooge, with the important auxiliaries of dress, scenery, and space more extended than that of a desk. I wished that Tavi tock House were opened occasionally to the select and critical public, or that Mr. Robson might be enabled to effect an engagement with Mr. Dickens, or that Mr. Dickens might become sole lessee and proprietor of the Olympic, and engage Mr. Robson as first supernumerary. N' " 'This is wonderful '.'' I observed to the beauty. ful white flower without any smell that was sticking in the copious hair of the blonde aristocrat in the stall before me. as out of that same mouth proceeded a small pleading, precisely like that of Scrooge's clerk and the same remark, with force emphasis, was addressed to the folds of my handkerchief when a stern inflexible, and apparently remote voice called Scrooge to the scenes of ChristuinsPast, and the audience about me were hushed as I have seen many an audience hushed for the ghostly scenes of Hamlet or the " Ifiory Phantom of the Forms," [and expected that the glaring lights of the chandeliers in the dome would burn low for once, and the nose of an old gentlemen a few seats distant would emit a pale phosphorescent glow and once more, at the risk of being tiresome, I repeated it to my shilling " Carol" when, the sick and lame little voice of (Tiny city arose from the bosom of the Cratchit family and finally, when I had actually seen the mother of that family, and trembled on the company after two other spirits, and established an acquaintance of a close nature with the street boy whom Scroggs requested to 80 and fetch the hen; turkey will hanging on the corner shop, and whose response consisted of the one word "Walker I" articulated with shrill incredulity, I saw clearly that the remark had lost all its original force, and was no longer applicable to any circum 1 stroke of the case whatever. I was ready to believe all I had ever heard of the charm of those private entertainments at Tavistock House. and to attribute the lion's shore of the success to its master and proprietor; and was able to understand the interest in persons and things theatrical which has given the world, in the pages of his works, so many faithful sketches of life and character " behind the scenes." Besides all this versatile and truthful delinea- tion and I entreat all persons who have seen it and felt it to bear me out that I have not exaggerated its extraordinary dramatic merit there is an element of the reading, which, although more closely allied to the personal than to the artistic side, gives it the pleasantest flavor. I allude to the unaffected and hearty enthusiasm of Mr. Charles Dickens himself. He evidently enjoyed the thing quite as much on any one present. I cannot imagine a happier condition for a successful author or artist of any kind than to be able to share the favor of the public towards his works to appreciate and rejoice in his own 'J good things long after they have been set down in the catalogue of past successes to recognise suddenly, some fine day, in a page not often turned. one more clever hit than he had given himself credit for, and to make of the matured children of his fancy or sober judgment constant companions. And truly the sight of this great writer chuckling over every one of his own funny concerts, or droll expositions of character-following the ghosts of his own creation as if indeed he were walking through the dim shadowsoftheChriitmasPastandFuture.ond seemed relieved! and glad of a glass of water when the mystic spell was broken pausing after an amaz- ing recital of the dance that Mr. Scrooge was made to see, ending with that irresistible idea of logs that actually " ranked," in order to put the book up to his face, as if marginal red face and merry twinkling of eyes and mouth did not tell the audience that he was quite overcome with laughter-I say, to see all this was to explode at once the dismal theory that comedians are the heaviest of sober sides off the stage, and that facetious authors view their own jokes with loath- sing. I could see the good thing coming on. Mr. Dickens' own eyes and mouth couldn't keep the secret. The one began to expand and twitch at the corners, and the other to be rapid in their orbits. Then the reader seemed to draw up close to his audience, as if not to miss the shock when it came, and presently with a very ridiculous attempt to be serious for the moment, he let it fly. Waiting a few seconds to catch the shouts of the galleries, as well as the more dignified explosions of the stalls, he threw himself back a step or two from the desk, and gave himself up to it. He appeared particularly to enjoy Mrs. Sairey Camp, which historical personage, in company with her friend Mrs. Harris, was introduced after the reading of the " Carol." I should say Mrs. G. is one of his favorite characters. The preparations of the Catch it family for their Christmas dinner, however, were as clearly nuts to him. The progress of the pudding was as vast and serious a matter to that handsomely dressed gentleman us to the smallest and hungriest of the Cratchits, and its successful completion filled him with joy. The naturalness of this sympathy was attested, I think, by the vain show of calmness and insensibility on the part of the reader. But it imposed on no intelligent hearer. Why should he try to conceal that which is the very heart of his genius, sympathy-the golden under-current of all the writings of Charles Dickens, which has brought him near to so many hearts, and established him in the best seats in the houses of the highest and the lowest. The reading lasted nearly two hours. When it was done, Mr Dickens bowed and lightly stopped away, without any allusion to the next and last reading of the course. The audience lingered, after their rounds of applause, until his retreating form finally disappeared behind the screen, I wonder if they, like me, were spooney during that brief pause, and followed Charles Dickens with bene- elections for all the happiness and good cheer he has been able to bring into a voiced, never too free of starters and sneezes, and a long tug desire of life, and health, and happiness, for him and his, these many years to come ! If they were not spooney then, they had been more than once or twice during the two hours and if Lord John Russell, that great man (who happened to be present on that occasion), had ventured so much as to suggest that I was standing there like a fool while he wanted to get by, and thence home, to dream of foreign despatches, I should have retorted savagely, that I saw him doing something besides the right thing with his handkerchief, when the death of Tiny Tim was suggested, and indulging in immoderate laughter (for a minister during the entire presence of Mrs. Gramp. 