TIIE ALIBI. IU REA.L EXPEBXENGE. I wholly disbelive in spirit-rapping, table turning, and aU supernatural eccentricities of that nature. I refuse credence to the beat authenticated ghost story (mind you, ghost story pur et timpU). I can Bleep in the gloomiest haunted room in the gloomiest haunted house, without the slightest fear of a nocturnal visit from the other world. But, although I scoff at white ladies, bleeding nuns, et hoc genu* omne, there is a species of supernatural occurreneein which I am, I confess, an unwilling and hesitating believer. . The circumstances I am about to relate Me of thisnature, and were told me by an intimate friendofmine, as having lately occurred to a relation of,his own. I jrirethe story as he gate it tome, namely, in the word^ as nearly aa possible bfthe principal actorinit. Two yean ago,towards the end of the London season, weary of the noise and bustle that for the last three months had been cewaleaaly going onawwad me, I determined upbn seetdng A few days' rest and quirt in the country. The netfc evening saw me eomfortablyinstalled in a pretty fiarm-houseabout; two miles from the cathe- \-- The littleqottage in to ut old sen-ant irf^m/ l^^^and* 1^^ long been a &YOurite; resprt of mine when w^ung for quiet and fiesfc ur. : tite evening of the second day after my arrival was unusually close and eultry, even fi» the "time «f year. Weaiy With the heat, tod somewhat aated with the two d£yp' etperience I had enjoyed qf a quiet country life, I went up to my bed-room about half-past with the intention of taking muge from the. ennui whict ww growing on me, in a good kmg night's sleep. Finding, however, the heat iu- insupportable obstacle to closing my jByea, I ^ot «p, put on w dressing-gown, and lighting ft cigar, sat down at the. open WiadoWj aiu droamily gated out on the jgnd*n tn jamt «f the cottage. Before me several low flat meadows strefaAed down to ftra-, which separated us from the town. la the distance the massive towers of the cathedral appeared in strong and bright relief against the aky. The whole landscape indeed was bathed in a flood of light from ttie iilear summer moon. I was gradually getting aleepy, and be^sntiig to think of turning in, when I heard a soft, clear voice, proceeding apparently frcim some one just beneath my window, saying, " George, •George, be quick you are wanted in the town." X immediately looked from the window, and although the moon atiU shone most brilliantly, eomewhat to my surprise I oonldsee no one. Thinking however, that it was some friend of my Undlord's, who :was1>egg&g; him to come ii^o the town upon business, I turned from the window, and getting into bed, in a few minutes was fkstaaleep. • , I must have slept about three hours, when I awoke with a sudden start, and with a shivering" gooseskin" feeling all over me. Fancying that this was caused by the lomftg air from the open window, 1 was f^tq^wtof bedto close it, when I heard tha same voioe proeesding from the very window itaelf- " Oeowe, be quick! You are wanted in the town. These words produced an indescribable effect «pon me. I trembled from head to foot, and, with a curious creeping about the roots of the hair, stood and lietened. Hearing nothing more, X walked quickly to the window, and looked out. As before, nothing was to be seen. I stood in the •hade of the curtain for some minutes, watching for the speaker to show himself and then laughing at ay own nervousness, closed the window and returned to bed. Some half-hour had elapsed, when again orer "" " Me. up ial^d^an^listeae^ with all my might. An instant of dead silence, and the mysterious voice followed: "<Jporge, be quick! You mat go into the .town"' The roiee was in the room—nay, more, bymy veiy bed side. The mlterMle fear that came mat me, I cannot attempt to I felt that the words wweadto Ine, and ttiat by no human Hearing nothing more, I slowly got out of bed, and by every means in my power convinced myaelf that l wa» wide uwnke, and not dreaming. Looking at myself Jn the riass on the dressing-table, I %as at 4wt shocked.^ja then, in spite ^ inyaelf, aomewhat amused, by the pallid hue and ecared expression of my countenance. I grinned a ghastjv grin at myself, wW^abitof a polka, got into bed i6rt«lH>tbn that some one wai looking at me, that it would towm do to tet th«n tee that I«u the out, howetor, that bed, the cuttumstances, was » mistake, fead I detenninedto get up, and calm my toy a look as much oTlberoom, me. The grass in was«Usteningw?ththe on which no foot could but no i garden tttoroughly,- oouldl««of any penonpavr thi eventa of &e; night, of broad daylight andcompenistod in assuming a some- " ' aspect 1 wandered toirerds the river, by a led to the ferry. As I drew near to the boatman's cottage I saw him hisdoor.iookingupthepathby whu^ rwas apprtw^ii ins. As soon as he tlpr tne, he turned and walked down to his boat, where he waited my arrival. " You .are early on foot my friend, this morning," I, as I joined him. "Early, sir," answered be,in a aomewhat crumbling tone; •'yes,it is early,air, and iiavo been waiting hero for you this two houi^saqw." " Waitujg for me, my friend—how so ?" " Tea, sir, I have; for they seemed so very anxious that you should not be kept waiting; they have been down from the farm twice this blessed night, telling me that you would want to cross the ferry very early this morning." I answered the man not a word, and getting into his boat, was quickly put across the water. As I walked rapidly up towards the town, I endeavoured to persuade myself that somebody was endeavouring to play a silly hoax upon me. At last, stopping at a gate through which had to pass, I determined upon proceeding no further. As I turned to retrace my steps, suddenly the same shivering sensation passed over me—I can only describe it as a cold damp blast of air meeting me in the face, and then, stealing round and behind me, enveloping me in its icy folds. I distinctly heard the words " George, George," uttered in my very ear, in a somewhat plaintive and entreating tpne. I shuddered with a criven fear, and turning hastily round hurried on towards the town. A few minutes' walking brought me into the marketplace... It was evidently maifcetday, for in spite of the early hour there was already a considerable bustle going on. Shops were being opened, and the country people were their butter, poultrr, and eggs, for for about two hours I wandered amongst the busy and constantly increasing crowd, listening to every scran of conversation that reached my ear, ana vainly endeavouring to connect them with the strange summons that had roused me from my bed, and led me noUtu colem to the town. I could hear nothing that interested me overlooked the market-place, and then taking myself back to the cottage, in spite of the mysterious voice. Hie cheerful and noisy bustle of the market had indeed partly dissipated the jtoorbid turn #hich my .fancies had taken. ' After X had breakfast I lit my cigar, Mid strolled into the bar, where X talked for ten minutes with the landlord without eiucidating anything of greater moment than that it was his (the landlord's) opinion that things were bad—very; that Squire Thornbury was going to cire a great ball on the occasion of his daughter's approaching marriage ; and that Mr. Weston's oi was certain to carry off the prize at the next Agricultural Meeting. I bade him good morning, and turned my steps homeward. I was checked on my way down the High-street by a considerable crowd, and upon inquiring what was the matter, waa informed that the Assises were being held, and that an "interesting murder case" was going oa. My curiosity WAS mused, I turned into the court-house, and, meeting an acquaintance who fortunately ' mened to be a man in authority, was induced into the caurt, and accommodated with a seat. The prisoner at the bar, who was accused of robbing and murdering a poor country girl, was a man of low slight stature, with a coarse brutal cast of features, rendered peculiarly striking by their strangely sinister expression. As his amall bright eyes wandered furtively round the court they met mine, and for an instant rested upou me. I shrank involuntarily from his gate, as I would from that of some loathsome reptile, and kept my eyes steadily averted from him till ne end of the trial, which had been nearly concluded the previous evening. The evidence, as summed up by the judge, was principally circumstantial, though apparently overwhelming in its nature. In spite of his counsel's really excellent defence, the jury, unhesitatingly, found him " guilty." The judge, before passing sentence, asked { the prisoner, as usual, if be had anything! further to urge why sentence of death should not be passed upon him. The unfortunate man, in an ea^er excited manner, emphatically denied his guilt,— declared that he. was an honest, hard-working, travelling glacier—t iat he was at Bristol, many muea from the scene of the murder on the day of its commissson,— and that he knew no more about it than a babe unborn. When asked why he had not brought forward this line of defisnoe during the trial, be declared that he had wished it, but that the gentleman who had inducted his defence, bad refused to do so. I left the court painfully impressed with the conviction that he was innocent. The passionate earnestness with which he had pleaded his own cause, the fearless, haughty expression that crossed his ill-omened features whan, finding his assertions entirely vidueless, be exclaimed, with an imprecation, " Well, then, do your worst, but I am innocent. I never saw the poor girl in my life, much less murdered her," caused the whole court, at least the unprofessional part of it, to feel that there was some doubt in the case, and that circumstantial evidence, however strong, should rarely be permitted to carry a verdict of " guilty." I am sure that the fervent though unsupported asserted assertions made by the prisoner, affected the jury far more than the florid defence ids for him by his counsel. The piinfifl i»ne tbatl had just witnessed entirely put the evsnt* of the morning out of myhead, mil walked home with jgy-thoughts fully ocoupied with the trial. , The earnest protestation! of the.unfor- Unateman rang in toy eatj, and his fiwe, distorted wiith anxiety «ul passion, rose ever before me.. Ithsd been my habitfer many years to make every night short notes of the events of the day, and this evening, as usual, 1 fat down.to write my journal. I had hardly opened , the book when, to my horror, the deadly chillthatlhad^experienced in the U^n^wpr^ Jbr the voioe that had hitherto followed, but this time in vain not a soiinl £0uld I hear but the ticking of my vatoh upon the table, and, I fear I must add, the beating of my own coward heart. I got up and walked about, endeavouring to shake of my fears. The cold shadow, however, followed me about, impeding, as it seemed, my very respiration. 1 hesitated for a moment at the door,, longing to call up the servant upon eome pretext, but, cheeking myself, I turned to the table, and resolutely sitting down, again opened my fours*]. |gAa I turned over the leaves of the book, the word Bristol caught my eye. One glance at the page, and in an instant the following circumstances dashed across my memory. I had been in Bristol on that very day— the day on which this dreadful murder had been committed! On my way to a friend's house, I had missed at Bristol the train I had expected to catch, and having a couple of hours to spare, wandared into the town, and, entering the first hotel I caine to, called for some luncheon. The annoyance I felt at having some hours to wait was aggravated by the noise a workman was making in replacing a pane of glass in one of the cofret-room windows. I spoke to him onoe or twioa, and finding my remonstrances of no avail, walked to the window, and, With the assistance of the waiter, ibrced the man to discontinue his work. — , , r f In an instant I recalled the'f&tures; of the workman. It was the very man l faad seen in the felons' dock that mortUDg- There was no doubt about it.' Thathtfibtts fece as it peered thmu& Jhe bpokea pans had in mr memory, ana 1 now idBntlfifcd itseTr beyond the possibility of doubt tfith the sinister countenance tbatJia|i}tapf«ed meso>paiofully in the morning. <. * ^ .J * * I have little more to add. I immediately hurried back to the town and laid these facts before, the judge. OncftBimun with the landlady of the hotel at 1 she was able to prove the pay^egt small sum on that day to a travelling came down to X—,ian a crowd of felons unheeitat- _ piefced out the opftviotied man i»a the person to whom she had paid the money: - The poor fellow being • a stranger at Bristol, and having only passed two or three hours there, was utterly unable to, remember at what homes be hai« beta employed. I myself had forgotten the fact of havupgwgt been in that town. A week later the man was at liberty. Some matter-of-fact people may endeavour to divest thesis clrc&nirianeeB; df their, tft me, mysterious nature, by ascribing them to a disordered imagination and the fortuitous recognition of a prisoner condemned to die. - - Nothing will ever efface from my mind the conviction that Providence in this case chose to work out its ends by extraordinary and supernatural means. Here ended his story. I give it to you without addition or embellishment, as he told it to me. It is second-hand, I confess, but hitherto I have never been fortunate enough to hear aatotywith augbt of supernatural in it that was not open to the same objection. 