A POLITICAL TRI At,. Tan Paria correspondent of the Daily Newt; writing on the 7Xb, Bajs-r-1- 1 The trial oommenced to'.day, in tho Sixth Chamber of tho, Correctional Polioe, of 54 political prisoners who bare been confined for roany months, and whose arrest wns mys- teriously announced ia the Moniteur by tho statement that the government had found put a most horrible plot, lt turns ont, however; tint tho priiioipal ' reason why this trial bas boen so lons; postponed is that it has boen fonnd im- possible to Justify by facts the' great importance which was attaobod to tho original arrosts. All the counts oharglng a j oonBpimoy against the existing form of government, and j the safety: of the state, htvo been abandoned, and the Êrisonors aro now f imply arrnignod on tho vague chnrgo, om which any o'tizen whatover nvght find it difficult to defend himself, off " belonging; to n secret oooiety." As usual In nil stato trials under the seoond empire, tho arena of the court was paoked with police agents in plain olotnos and, with tho exception of a lew privileged people who had influence enough to get ticketa, tho publio were not admit od. In an early stage of the proceeding", however, aourious and novel soene took place. Tho President, M". Salmon, breaking ofF'his examination of the prisoners, Baid 11 I am told that, although tho doors of the court aro visibly opon, no ono belonging to what may be callod the roal public has bconallowod to enter. Justice cannot bo rendered this way. I order the guard to let fifteen or twonty people-the first oomors-enter the court immediately." One of tho prisoners, emboldened by this liberal proclamation, asked that tlioir wives and chil- dren might be lot in. Tho President regrettod that it was impossible to find room for tho relations o BO great a number of prisoners. An advooato observed that not only the court, but evon tho ontor doors of- tho approaobos, wera barred against tbe publio ; and tbe judge thereupon or- dered that the outer doora should be oponed, and aa roany people_ let in as tho corridors could conveniently luid. Great interest attaches to this trial, not so muoh from its intrinalo importance as because it will probably bo a, start- ing point at tho oom I ncr elections, for a cry of the habeas corpus,, and tho abolition of the exceptional 1-ws of u publio safety." Tho principal prisoners aro Mesars. Vasael, Miot, and Oreppo, tho first un ox- officer of hussars, transported in 183U ; tiie two latter, members of .the Republican legisla- ture of 1818; the remainder aro» mostly workmen. The first witness examined waa a polioe , agent named Lagrange, who deposed that in Marou, 18CO, no received orders from the Prefect of Police to watch tho prisoner Vnssol, who had than lately returned .to. Paris, This wit- ness proceeded very glibly to, give a consecutive account of what passed at various mootingi of several of tho prisoners, whiah boro out very exactly the oh argea of tho indictment ; hut a qitostton from M..Laurier, ono of tho prisoners counsel, eliotod tho fact that all tho ey'denae of this witness was morely hereiay. Ho admitted that he had not hean present at any of the meetings tho proceeding! of which ho professed to describe, and that ha know nothing of what had passed at them, ercopt from, tho reports of another person, whoso name be declined to.givo I Thereupon M. Laurier.and M Grcmienx submitted.that whereas it was appparent that the police agoat's knowledge was only derived from tho informa- tion of a paid, spy,, whoso evidence was not receivable by virtuo of Article" 332 of tho oodo of Criminal Instruction, tho oourt ought not to admit indircotly, by tho nr oulh of Lagrange, ovidonco wlii'oh would bo inadmissabta. if given directly by his inforunnt. M. Cremioax said- that, in all bis long experience, ho had never known Buoh.a Boandalous oaso of na. attempt to fix guilt upon citizons by the i f reflected testimony of a opncoalod spy. He noticed ospooially that part of Lagrange's deposition relating, to a meeting at which only throe poople wero pre- sent, viz., the prisoners Miot, Gaatinol,. and Vasse!. Ho would ta. o upon himsolf to say that Miot and Obstinol wore not infirmera. Nobody for a moment believed tloy wero. It followed that Vassel, tho alleged concocter of tho. secret Bocioty, and who, by tho way, had of ion bofore boon ouspooted of being a rpy, muBt be the informer in thia aase. The court ruled lint the ovidoncoof Lngrango Bhould be received, subjeot to any observations aa to tho vnluo of it which tho oouneel for tho dofenoo might nrnko at tho proper time. Other polioo agents wore thon called, principally for tho purposo of identifying somo of tho prisoners as having been econ entering tho liousos of * suspected persons. They blundered terribly in thoir business, and were continually lifted over stilos hy tho ¿ndge, who kindly snggosted, to aocount for their many mistakes, that porhaps the appear- ance of tho prisonors was ohanged since thoy had boon in prison, and that it was a common trlok to alter the ont of beard and whiskers to avoid being identified. Vaisel (the suspectadspv), interrogated ono of tho polioo agents, said -"But just now you recognised Barbarin ; how could you tell that llnrbarin was with me in tho.ltuo do Flaudro 1" Tho witness (not knowing Vassel), responded eagerly, "Yan I aro Bulburin ; I rocogtilso you new." A loud shout of laughter followed this palpable discomfiture.; Tho judge felt uneasy aud exoloimed, "But the polioe agent ia mis- taken ; anybody may make a rn biako. Tho discussion has hitherto been quiet and ordoily. 1 hopo it will continuo BO." , Ia the oourso of tho examination af thonrlsoners on tho 8th, M. Crcmieux nt tempted to establish that Vassel was both a spy and a madman. A dootimcnt was produoed to ahow lint VUBIOI, having been arrested in 1831, on a poli- tical obargo, was released aa not teing sufficiently compuñ sui. Tho trial is going on slowly from day to day. " ne LATE POLIOS MACIISTHATE tv OCULDUHN.-It will bb learnt wltü regrot (Bay» ilia QoulburA Harald), that Mr. Mtoartbnr, polioe maglslrato of Goulburn, died on Thursday morning last, after an illness of a few days only. Tho immediate cause of death waa bronchitic, supervening upon an opllpptio attask, «blob thodooeaaod gotitl mnn was occasionally lubjeot. 'During Ibo brief period of bis official connection with Goulburn, Mr,r Maoarthur bod scoured tho genarol roapoot nod esteem of tho iahobltnntp. Mr. Maoarthur eueoeoded Mr1. Obatfleld OB olork of potty seasiona, and on the rotiro' meat of Captain Plunkett, ba was appointed polioo raagis'rato, bis appointment dAting 1st February lait. The deoeased gentleman was eldest son of Mr. Hannibal Macarthur, end waa formerly engaged in pastoral par. BOIIB, Ho ioavoB a widow and young family, for whoso unexpootod bereavement general sympathy ia felt, Tba «argo of OroRon Timber, ox Statollo, will bo «old hy auotlon, on Olronlar Quay, tula afternoon, at 3, by Moura. L, K. Threlkeld and Co. . The samo firm will olio aol), at tho ««mo Ilma and plooo, Hobart Town Hutton«, Lath«, and Bklugloa., . , ThoEattantlon of Ironmonaar«, Tlnsmttha. and ottaora, Jg rf anosted to tho aalea advertlaod by Masara. L. E. Threlkeld and a., tor Thia Say, at ll o'olook, at tbolr rooina, 009, Oaorge. .troat. . Boot and Shoo Huyera ami IhoTrodoaro raquoatod lo alisad Moaara. Cha«. Moora and Co.'« lalo of a iplondtd shipment nf llaman and Co.'« and J. Daviot and Bona'good», This IJay, at lt o cloak, at Ihalr narr room», Fltt-atreet. A. ROMANTIC STÖBT'-let tie Court' ofTVobate, orrtho* I9tb, s petition under tb« LegitimacyDeclaration Act was ' rreeenttd'by- Mr-John Augustus Shiel'-'Bouverie,- of Castle ; Dawvon, Londonderry, prayñic foe declaration that ho was the lawful son of Mr. Franois Kenclm "Bouverie. The peti-v tion was reveted by membera of the Bouverie family ia Northamptonshire. Sir H. Cairns, in opening the caw, .said that Mr Francis Keneltn' Bouverie, la.1826. was with' a detachment of bia regiment, tthe G2cd, at Castle Dawson, in tho North of Ireland. In that town there lived a widow with an only daughter, namecTShiol. Lieutenant Bouverie became aoquaiuted with the Shiels, and kn attachment soon sprang ap between bim a'd thoyoung lady. . Her age wes ab-ut twenty, and his about 'twenty-eight.' Ho and at that time no inoome but his pay, and an allowance of £100 a-yaar from his fatkor: wheroas Misa Shiel had a settle- ment of £4000 which had bean loft* »sr by her grandfather The young oouple were niar-iied at tho ohurch of Castle Dawson, the family of the hdy, and Mr. Bouvcrie'a brother James(whoafterwards beoamo coronet oftbe 17th Regiment) wore prêtent at the cerorrony. In 1S3G the petitioner was born, sad in tho following year his fatber died, lt appeari that during her husband's lifetime, Mrs." Bon Í vcrie ran away with a Mr, Bel), but- Captain Bouverie sent a trus'y person after the fugitives ¡ ami in ten days ehe returned to hor husband's house. Captain Bouverie took every precau'ion to provent the scandal spreading ; he forgave her fault, and io the end of his life' he apain lived on tho beat terma with her. After his death Un. Bouverie foll into straitened o_lrcum«tanco»,-and''ehe married a mon of inferior Booial poülion, named Mann. After bis death she married a porson namod Triimiriorslejvwlio still survived. She contrived to give her eldest son oa excellent education'; but when bo grew up lieeittorod'tho constabulary. Then he enlisted in Ute 4th Dragoons, ia wliiolt he became a corporal, and afterwards he waa appointed- orderly to Sir Harry Smith, who was then commanding tho north-rn dis- trict.' A year ago, howover lia married a lady in tho North of Ireland, and ho nurohased his disobarge.- By a re-iottla raentof the B .iuvorio estât os, in 18 tl, they were given, first, to General Bouverie and bis children in tail mail, then to his brother» in succession, aiulthen to his Bisters na tenants in common in tail, with remainder baofc to- the Qouoral. G. neral Bouverie, who was born ia 178», had no family and his second brother bad died without leaving iuue, to that fie petitioner was heir presumptive to tho estates. Af i or a nttmbor of witnesses had been cn.De J,.Sir F. Kelly, who appeared for General -Bouverie, said thato, although some oorrespondonoo had been kept upibotwoenthotwo familios, there hod been no intercourse ; and the General had never oren aeon tbowife-of his. brother, Captain Bou- verie, or his sen, the present petitioner. The- event of bis. brother* s.death was notified to him by-his widow, bnt he had never even beard of the existenoe-of her sim, except through general rumour. Undor these circumstances,!and particularly when the fact of tho cloperaent-of Mrs, Bou- verie became known, he considered it right thnt an inves- tigation should take plaoe aa tu tho logality-of tho claim setup. After tho evidence which had now been given. General Bouverie felt that, whatevor conjonture might bo raised at to the legitimacy, it was evident that hie brother. Captain Bouvorio, had repeatedly acknowledged" tho peti- tioner as his son, and lt would therefore, be unjust on bia part any longer to resist tito evidence-Div Fhillimore, on behalf of the stators of General Bóu'Verie,' expressed his concurrence in what had been stated by Slr Fitzroy Kelly. \- The jury thea found that tho petitioner was the legiti- mate son of Captain Bouverie. ? . . * DREADFUL SOBNR AT A' SuirwuKCR,-Tho Vanffthtre Journal reports a melancholy shipwrcolc. Tho solioonor Thankful, of Sunderland, was making for Burghoad harbour, with a looal pilot, namoi ACntosb, on.. board, when aha 'struckon a bank not fir fran the breakwater. .Tho eon waa running very high, and it was found impossible to ros- alie the crew and pilot. .' I ho crow, four in nunVber, with, tho pilot, took to tho foro-rigging,' and in a short timo tho beach was strewn with tho wreck"; the bulwarks were nearly all destroyod, the boat was washod overboard, and tho dcok broken up. Tho position of the tuen was now fearful, as the hurricane, st'll increasing in fury, rookod tho vessel nearly, ovor to an angle of 39 degross to ? the water. Thia state of matters ? continued up to six o'olook, when the mast was often up to the crois trees in- the -waves,.and tho sailors lying on their breasts in tho rigging almost) touching tho yawning gulf. At twenty min- tos past B'S, tho dreaded orisis arrived, the foremast creaked,; nud ' its- living freight had hardly time to orawl down to ibo only bulwark above tho water, for the schooner nnw.lay.on her boam ends with her bilga towards the son, winn it fell by the board. In about five minutes more tho raain topmast was snapped by the gale »«.if it had boen a reod, .while tho bowprit and other goar wsro carried away, leaving nothing but tho gutted hull with tho mainmast, s tandi rig, Another hour nf awful suspense passed, during whioh .tho-five- mon liwh«d th»ra aelves to tho bulwarks, the sea every, obhor minute break- ing o or their heads in hugo masses. At half-past Bevon I ono bf the sailors, a yonng man, was washed from tho wrook, but snccoedod in oatohing tho floating rigging, by which he waa able to regain his former position. Another young sailor seeniod to bo tho Ufa of the wholo eomnany in this trying omorgoncy, and his efforts to koop up the spirits of his aompar.iooB woro oignally suooessful. About oight o'clock the waves broke ovor tho ship with renewed yio'eioe, but still thoso on the shoro could return no answer in tho affirma- . tivo to.tho piercing ory that caraa-frorathe wrcok ' oant wo get a boat ?' The voioe was that of tho gallant sailor al- ready rot'errol to ; the others wore toe mnoh exhausted to .. utter a word. The feelings of tho pilot's relation** may bo> . better imagined.than described';- but none who"- saw it caa. soon forget the fearful agony of-his daughter as abo bnde her. father farowoll from Ilia parapet of the breakwater. MTtitosIi - bowed his hoad in roply to tho piorring wail, and calmly ex- pired from Bheor cold nud exhaustion, lt was apparent, moreover, that some of tho orow would soon follow, for tho man that had boen washed from, tho wreok bogan to drop hts head. Something moro.- than, another half hourpnssoa whon n cabio was got ovor tho breakwater, mid in- three minutes readied the schooner. Tlireo of tho survivors woro at onao got on board bub tho sailors who Lad given signs of failing, could scarcely manago to crawl tho short distanoo required. With soma diOiouttyhe, too, was tokon. in, ofter winch au offert was.usado to got at the body of the pilot, but without Bttoces. The coblo was now safely pulled haoB to tho Bhoro, though almost Ulled by tho wavel as sher roaohod thobeaoh.'1 , A, NE W a HOST STOBS-Wo giro, tho Mowing Btory from the London aorrospoidenco ot Saunder* Neuis Ltittr without in any way. vouching.foe its veraoUy:-"Really what with Mr. Hume, Mr. Forstor, and Sir Bühren Lytton'» . 'Strange Story,"' London eocioty seom» jnat¡,now infliotcd '.with a gonorol phantom-mania. Tho last now. phase of th» malady is a gh ist story,- which has lately nbtainod extonrivo* ourrenoy. in what are called the . upper oircloa,* and whioh. olaims ior its boliovers two oounsol loamed, in tho law, and:, tho Lord High Oliancellor himself 1 I- don't, protend to vouch that tho Btory oan pretend to,, tho . ghost ' of a foundation for its existenoe- I merolv te-tliCy Utablt ia boinor talked of hy 'overybody,' and that tho. first, qacstioq nslmi at most dinnor-tables is, 'Havo .you, hoard of Lord Westbury'" ghost Ï' The story runs thus : Lord West- bury lately purchased llaokwood House, an old mansion near Basingstoke, thc properly of Lom Bolton. Snntohing a spero day or two, to obtain a moro minitta .itispeolion of his investment, ho .took with him itfvo of tho gontlomou bolonging to his oflloial establishment, both, members of the learnod profession.' On ' separating for the- night tho bod-room destined for one o£. thora a Mr. R -, was .found to be on tho opposite aide of the hall to those of the other gentlemen,; ho therefuro shook hands and na!d ' Good, night ' In the "Ball," leaving tho others talking thoro.. Ho. ht\d not hoon very long asloop before ho_ * felt himself awoko; hut contd - noitlter hoar nor percolvo anything. Bydogroos, howover, ho became conscious of something, luminous on tho aldo of the room opposite hia bod, which gradually ns&nruod; tho appearance of a woman olothed lu Rre.v.- Ho at lirst thought it waa an oplicaj lilusjon ; next that his companions were playing, him soiuo phosphoric trick, and thoa turning ronna ho apmposod hlmsolf to Bloop, again. Fnrthor on in tho night ho was awoko ngaitt, ana. tuon at onao he saw tho samo Ggiiro biilllantly. conspicuous on tho wall. Whilst ho.was gading at it, it soomod to loave. tho wall and advauco into tlie, mlddlonf the apartment. Ho immediately,Jitmped out of bod, rushed to it, and of oourno found - nothing. HO wa» «0. impressed with' tho; power of tho dolubipn, that he fouud it impossible to seek' any more sleep, anulas the dav waa boginnUngto break ho dressed and. mnuo bis.way into tho grounds, where bo walked about for soma t'mo, pondering over tho illusion se forcibly produced upon bim, On his return ta his room lia wrote but an exaot account ol' what ho thought ho had seen, it loinr then quite olearlo him that it was uo trick played by olhersTbut simply ,an hallucination of Iiis, own brain. ', At tho breakfast table, ,howover; hebron to laney thathobndboenolcvsrly imposed on by his friands, as they cotnmonced at once bantering hita oil his 1 night's vost,' ' broken sloeii,' and ; so forth. Webing* lö doteot them if possible, he 1 protended, unoontoiousnoss and. utter ignorance, of their .meaning, whon, to his horror, ono of tho-n oxolnimod, 'Como, come, don't think wo didn't BOO ono of tho women in groy follow you into your room last 'night I' Ho rushed up stairs, produced bia written account, whioh ho gavo thom to read-and tho,consternation.beoamo general. Un. inquiry of oourso, they found tho legend of a ruurjtr done in day a of yore; and tho Lord Ohauoollor la supposed (o, lie ext cosdingly voxod at an incident whioh hajj dooidedly abut up ono room m his house for over, if not In a,U probability tabooed tho mansion altogether. Thns much do the ' upper ton thousand' ayer-how truly ls quito another quostion.", . ' . .w " rheQne n, of Kogland," saya the .Nord, of Brussels, '* will ortivo in (be Belgian cnnjlal about the end of'thfl m-nlli, ta vi-it K|lng Leopold, aller wbloh hor Msjetty «fi 1 proqtqd tq Qo.ug.rB-f^otlie,»' 