[?] hfrrr;;- « 'nd dilRcuH art or dexterity (as r refeTed to call it), which 11 1 !iftT6 f - 1 1.— ulnlinff IV «i die compound oi muuu b K Aeterican Bar in New Co- It ji adept in this art, who style. !' lv "Tho Professor," may HT ' compounding his many r, -te nnd, «s 1,0 E!lh3' unrl" r drinks," "'he never-failing IrT" 5 p'o sum3,,v „ ic private Smile, I Jn "and 'tlio rest of them. JHioro fc drinks, also, tho "Hard 8 "Silver Grey," the "George and other « democratic" fluids. I '-Jdf is scarcely less remarkable LVfor its resuUs- The base of |-„hv»vs, of course, some strong 1 is added some twenty difle- I , of modifying flavourrhorbs, lr > a!h of inonv different wines, or lllv Toured 'liquids, while the rtedto and fro in the air witli If. jugglcr catching various sets I 'd? the dclircd flavour is attained. 8"1 Lttv slow, as tho Amo- |l'rOt0T.dlv assure us, lias E content to do its in- ff'' ciarser and simpler way. Rr «nd nothing but the stimulus, is cared for by tho poorer R, - but under better guidance ' ,nav now learn to combine |eatef epicurism with tho fierce pas- B ating change of the same kind B be coming over tlio genus stunu- Bnn" if TO ran7 d" gC at , 7 l E? df this extraordinary book undor RL n respectable publishing firm. Eb describe it better than by. Baying EL to tho ardent stimulants in Beg- KTeand The Halfpenny Journal Rime relation which The Professor s B' cocktail'" bear to tho liquid fire of Rid rum palaces. We sec i among these h drinks one which the Professor dts- Ex bv tho name of the Corpso Ko- PL) probably must bear a very closo Bo til' literary composition of tho (ulf in which one of tho least of the ns the resuscitation of a hanged mur- BBtimulus —very coorso stimulus in Lithe basis of tlio tale ; and if Hail wo should no more think. of IS it 'than. wo should tho " Mys- Elf Midnight," by Lady Clara Est nr ".Tlio Court Page," by Air. E3 But there evidently has been a very Etcmpt mado to BWeeten it with ln- Hof a moro literary character, whieh in as 011 apology to somo who would,. Hold think thev ought to be, revolted i'jpirituous flame. Therefore, wo must Entr very strong conviction that this Bftpccimcti of a class which, should it Kgto toko at tho circulating libraries, Ecicccdingly hurtful to English taste, ffikely to Itavo tlio same depraving fetlwir 'moral toatcs which a liberal Km of tlio new cocktail art is likely to their physical constitution; For somo nS were inclined to believe tlio Jkind of extravaganza, intended Kmdv tcnsalion novels," but no Epadi tho whole' can believe, that such- Me,if it existed, would bo so .carefully p Tbo Old Roman Well which is I® bubble forth these highly artificial Hstead of tlio natural interests of hu- Kyilocs not, as we have intimated, co.'r Kblly of livid fiond and blue lire. In Rations n'cortnuk dash of obvious and. Knismptiblc aptitude for dialogue and Rtion is even predominant ; nnd there is laeflnite political flavour of High Toryism Sn'idohlry of farmcrs, which furnish us flawl intervals between tho spusms of leqycngcancc, ond corpse reviving. The butt between the farmers aro done with Ddnd of respectable succcsb which would fcindicala a not unpractised hand ; nor ttreets of London ill described. This it eh convinces, us that tho tremendous ayiiblo trash which permeates tlio tale ihspc of coarse stimulus is. deliberately by some one who knows perfectly well !fa lurid and depraving siimulant. Kuio character in tiiis astounding work bfClurlotto Chatfield, receiver of stolen Kfitr, adulteress, and murderess," who rat must, we suppose, be called the the talc in crime. Her former hus- bpm slio robbed, wounded, nnd do-, i represented ns living at n ferry-bouse, Jrsrfnlly dreary spot on tho banks- bsmes, whero ho occupies himself in jury instructive task of registering crimes in a book, and waiting till Bjjh full." The mother of. thq young l his been betrayed into, crime by HhtlMd, comes to this aged person Ignition of licr son, on which his foes stern, "jets of flro dart from k and he takes a largo volume, nD»ca, lrom Ins shelves, aud "mHt- BjraoUow voice, ' In this book are re- uc vile deeds of a woman who is not but of hell.'" When the motherde- Bit very littlo fresh information about , the old man "hissed into lie- ear, Ike cup ia full como (0 me i » \yjlen a full site does como to him apparently, pecedaro taken is remarkable. Char- Ea decoyed into tho neighbour- tttc Roman Well in a howling thun- h i where Iter throe accusors appear be- E; i "I1'1' ''10 roar'"g of the thunder bin ,slmct'on. Ono of thorn, tho j! depraved youth, rushes at her K"bcr into theRjman Well, whero corpses decay. Tho young man, K. c)a saved from death or. the gallows to tube introduced into his throat by i lc. ccy-man, and is resuscitated, ; raoriea and repents ; makes in ten u '"'I0 8ame hundred thousand » physician, and returns to perform KEr"nllntntion8 on tho corl'SO of Ka<t- 00 a ','ea'£ portion of tho ook a scaled paper from his breast. Eif> "ir Tr0'e 'heso words gave uto Ka " T , 13 dead, and I obey his last w. Let us see,' K.4"l.and 1r.?d' .Thfl wind, rose BRtn ThA' lightning played rL.n 5. ffaycs roared towards him tHiev ml" scl,2c'llra to their foaming j tJ corered him with their wet I't'a'alnW 'one w'th a corpse, and H' skeleton, and that the skeleton E"!l 01)011 'he coffin. The bones fell I'd him i!h B-a Eaiclt 'heir feast, and lsnrL . ran8 "aPati<!at <=»< 1 tliR Aain 5 8la "east a,10n' i PCth'a ' ? wondrous skull! 'filled ,w"h life, when thy ' thou l!l i . e®ht, what deep 1 ''Murder Schemcs of theft, ) fcdtheeinii. 8 ot rcvenge. But i BTnonev— B7,rovcnge— God robbed ! H fGod gave thee to a cruel l"1h''ontl'?„fr?1 'I10 13' i the waves KT th Jl r b'f k roofc,i "'0 birds 1 Mtagocrise Und 8W00Ped round Into his lap. <0 fic'tim f cn twined round the kfchhemC" tl'0 foUU of tho t Piteil.TT0 te they stifle. .Now .""nt decay,' mouWoreli ye, i- Kedma the .east : the i smelt tf r8 hlack" rooks : tho t crie9r3t' and BW0Pcd B'j hd "G» enr' 0 Romance of Br Ollej, W.". Two vols. " Yet ono more bono lie 'missel. 'OV, bosom, onco voluptuous nnd beautiful'! but which throbbed only with deceit which burnt only with tlio fires of hatred and re venge. Once a young man's head was pitlowed on theo : his dark hair swept ovor thee : his lips sought thy cold hands: his eyes" wero closed iu ecstncies of lovo: nnd his' heart, his dear heart, boat for theo and theo only;:. And while thou wort listening to his passionate words thou ladest - snares that ho should did, and that . I should ho stained with. guilt; 0 fulso bosom, wliat art thou now ? A bono 1 And ah 1 the worms feed on thcc.' "Ho dropt it shuddering. ' A, worm 1ml fallen from tho bone, and was c'rawliiig back to its horrible repast. " Tlio wind howled from tho cast : the waves plunged madly on the' black rocks : the bird) of tho sea smelt their feast, and swooped round liiin with savage cries. "'Patience!! he cried, 'pntienco! ye shall fenst nnon.' ,. ! . . : r- . \ "Ho rose to his foot and looked at tho sky. It was dark and threatening. In' tho wost n patch of dim yellow clouds showed where tho sun had set.- In the ; north there wus a cloud black ns inlr, with three red streaks. " Hp looked qt the sea. The wavoswero of a dark green, ' and' rising ' higher and higher, uttered ominous roars... " Ho ebvored his face with his clonk, and' extended his clenched hands' over the charred and rotting boiies. " In tliis ' wild plnco, where no hands shall raise thoo; whero no grave- shall bo' dug for thee; where no holy words Bhall comfort tlieO : ... "Whero no tears shall : bo'. slied for -theo': where tho sea-birds'shall feast on thee : whero thy spirit shall havo. no rest : . "'AVliero the. wind is most cold: nnd tho sen is most stormy : and the sky most dark' : " ' Where tho air is tainted with blood : wlioro a murdered ghost wanders : ' " Adulteress, thief, assassin 1 I fulfil the words of your murdered lover. I leave you in the hands of God ! , He retreated from the spot. The ourrion- bis-ds, shrieking, swarmed down upon her bones. Tiioy .fought with tlieir yellow. clavvs, the old with tlio young, tlio children with their parents, and toro tho feathers from' cucli other's breasts. " Tho night grow deep, and. the red moon began to shine. The night-tide rose. Tlic wnvos, shuddot ing, .entered the. : cave. A : frightful shriek rang through the air. Danvcrs, fainting, qanknpon-his knce>. ... .. . " Then ob the moon . batiicd hiin in her crimson , rays, I S3 tho cast wind roared in his ears, as tlio waves moaned sadly at his foot, he saw, a bleeding ghost pass swiftly by, and cry Murder l.Murdim! till the .rocks, mourning for. man's crime, re-echoed to its voice." It-is one of the peculiarities of this remnrk- able tale, that the weather in this book keeps time to -the crime, with as much accuracy as if Providenco accompanied the tale on wind- instruments. At the moment of a murder, wo always find: — " At that moment tho moon was darkened by a small black cloud, and the wind rising, moaned among tho haves like the roaring of tho waters of tho distant son." Nor is it only for a murder tlint these phone, mtua happen; even a burglary with violence is enough to bring them about ; and Inter in tlio tale, whon tho youth who hail coa'unittcd murder in a certain wood at tho lioiir of )one o'clock, is penitent, tho same curious atmos pheric phenomena invariably happen, nt ono o'clock, in accompaniment apparently with his troubled conscience : — ' " The clock Btrnck one. It was ns if a black curtain had fallen before, tho .window.' Ominous shadows prowled round Alio ,rj m. A faint odour like that of a corpse crept upon him. ' "He sprang to his feet with dilating eyes. "'Away!' he qried. , 'You do not know who this man is) whoso hands you have pressed, whoso brow yon have kissed. Away 1' "'I only know that I lovo you,' she murmured, and she fell upon her knees. "From her. face, illumined by u heavenly love, nnd .by. her blue beseeching eyes, he looked upon the dark, wopd which frowned menacingly upon liiin.' " ' Tell me 1' she cried. "He strotclicd his hands to licaven— "Novor!"' This elaborate ond tremendous (rash might appear iu Beynolds' Miscellany, and no one would notice it; nay, it might appear cvon in an ordinary novel, if unmixed witlrany gleam of better Borise, and peoplo would only com miserate the publisher but when theru is a enroful attempt made to mix such bluo-firo ns this with a sprinkling of literary aptitude, so as to inveigle a new class of readers into such coarse excitements, it is time to say that novels of this class would at ones - degrade nnd dis grace nil who condescend to amuse themselves witli swallowing such literary drains. — Specta tor, 19th Oct. ' . Crystal Palace School of Art, Science, and Literature. — Tlio establishment of classss and lectures is now no longer a matter of conjecture, but a tested fact. The school wos commenced last year,1' and during the whole of last season progressed ; tho result ut tho closo of tlio first term being highly sotis- fastory. The classes developed were those for ladies, and all tho plans wero - carefully laid accordingly; but it is understood that tin operation of the. movemont is not to bo re- strioted to this, but to receive every practicable development. Tlio result .has been in every sense satisf ctory. Tho first families in the surrounding and increasing neighbourhood of tho Palace have warmly tuken up tho advan tages offered, and families from all parts of the country havo taken residences near, that their daughters might enjoy the advantages of tho masters as well as a pleasant visit. Tho regulations nno announcement for the new term, which com- mences'ou the 1st of November next and eon tinues till 31s1; July, IS62, have just been issued. Tho classes for water colour p. tinting, etc., are tsugl t by Mr. E. A. Goodull; those for figure drawing and modelling, by Mr. W. K. Slsenton, nnd for these the magnificent- nrt collections of the palaco nro all available. Eng lish is taught by the Rev. Phillip Smith. B. A. ; and Professor Marictte of King's College, London, takes tho French. Dr. ICiitkel in- .struots in Gerninu, and no doubt will nlso give some of liis fainotiB leotures on Hie History of Art, delivered with such success at tlio South Kensington Museum. Italian is by Signor Volpe, and Latin, as woll as History, by the Rev. C. Boutcll ; Horr A. Saniicnsche"n "is tlio Professor of Physical Geography ; Dr. Dresser, of Botany; Dr.E.Lankester, of Physiology, and Dr. D. S. Price, tho director of the T'.'clmo- logical Musoum, of chemistry nnd i-s applica tions. For the pianofjrte, there arc Messrr, Benedict, Lindsay, Sloper, and P. out ; singing, tho great Garcia, Mrs. Street, and Miss Whyte; for pa-t-singing,1 Art: Henry Leslie and Mr. J. G. Caloott, while M. Louis d'E : villc teaches tho duncing. The fit st courses of leotureB will be by Dr. Dresser and Dr. Lai.- kestcr, and will commence on the 17th inst. Dr. Dresser's will be on the " Arts of Decora tive Design nnd thoir relation to Bstauy," and will bo specially addressed to those who may. be prcpaving to exhibit in compel! 'ion in the International Exhibition of 18G2. Dr. Lnn- kestcr's will be on tho " Physjology of the nervous system iu relation to health und educa tion." New Lead. — Report lias been nude to the Mining Surveyor that a party ivho have for some weeks been prospecting in u gully to the cast of tho Clydesdale, have struck (say «blj gold at a depth of 190 feet. The prospects washed ranged from 4gr to +dwt to ill' tin dish, and the dirt throughout is expected to average about: foz to lit) load. Tuere is a depth of washdirt varying from four to. five feot. It is proposod to call the. now lend the " Southern" Crqs3."—JfKiToy.GruxrW®)7ihJou. Irish Politeness.— An Irish jingle driver, in Dublin, made a very ;happy : and character istic reply tlio; other dny. ,. A gentleman had replied to Pait'i " Want n jingle, sir ?'I),.bv say ing, "No j. I am able to walk May' your honour, long bo able, but seldom; willing'." " 