FABr-TC3 FOB 'F'O'Ohi. — lUCfTATlD JONES'S OPINION OF CONGEWOI SMITH AND III3 LETrilS. IP n do not identify ourselvas with the opinions of our Correspondents. (tegtmtl €omspnh\xct To tho Editor of the Bathurst Free Press and ./? Mining Journal. , Sib, — I went .to Tim Thornton's on Monday, 29th, to let him know what I thought of John Smith and his ritings. After we'd had a blow out of bacon and turnip tops (we can't get no eabbago now), we squared round to tho Ira an lit our pipos. ' Well,' says Tim, 'did you rood tho lottors? Aint Smith a stunner?' 'I red tho lottors' I replied 'and tho 'elusion I'vo come, to is, that John Smith is somothiugliko Sam Sliok.' Who's Sam Slick ?'? bos Tim. 'Why Sam Sliok is tho namo of a book' ses I 'as' was ritton by a Canadian : lawyer, called Judge Huliburton. This covo was a tory as rote ' for tho purpus of gotten up a foolon agin domocraoy in tho United States, and in Canada. He doscribes Sam Slick as a low-brod Yankee, as wont about tho States, and who relates his oxporioncu of human natur an politicks. Woll, Slick tolls some stuniu' yams, somo larferablo, somo are moleorkolly, and all aro full of strong common sense ; but ho ulwes brings id something agin democracy: nor ho don't do.it in a fair manly way neither ; ho institutes comparorsons 'tween things as has no 'nalogy whatever, just tho same way as Smith does. But tho book didn't hdvo tho effect intended; ifor though the Yankees larfod at its jokes, they would'nt have nothing to do with its ' politiks. They stuck to their Universal Suffrage, payment ofmembors, and all that sort of thing; and Haliburton has tho mortification of seemghis countrymen, tho Canadians, at tho present timo, , as democratic as tho Yankees; paymont of members, and all tho rest of it too. 'Tho reason is cloar onuf; tho Book was a 'dodgo'.to entrap tho unthinking; and it was soon oxpo3od as all ' dodgos' will be ? one timo or another.' ' Just to civo vou aomo idee of what I means* sos Iv 'I'll make somo comments on som'o of 'Smith's lottors.' ' Ono of thoso_ Iottorj is taken up with- a yarn ^ about a New Chum Snporintondor.' ' Well I rod that yarn backwards, and forards, aidewes, and cross ways, fivo or six time3 and Icouldn't raako any sonso of it.' J I larfod sortonly whon tho super' pot in tho J yard' -among a mob b' wild cattle, (though that wasn't tho most nateral thing , in tho world for a raro young townoy to do,) and I larfod whon Smith chiseled tho super out o' the working bullocks, but I coiild'nt make out what Smith was aiming at. Ho could nt havo mont that a young man' could novor bo a good practical ovcrseor cauao ho'd boon a counter jumpor ; for if ho raent that ho might as woll say a ' cockney' could nevor bo a good bullock driver ; though we know that cocknoys make as good bullock drivors as any after a ' few months training.' -The fact is any young man that's fond of the bush; and sets hU mind to it can learn all the bush knowledge ho wants in twelve months.' ' Nor ho couldn t have manfc that there was any 'nalogy tween thn supor and Mr. Wookcs, tho Treasurer. Mr. Weekes can't do nothing by himself : ho has to consult his mate3, and he'lias to face the Assembly, and what the Assombly tolls him to do ho must do and no mistako ; ho may mako what proposition ho likos but tho Assembly is the master aftor all. So there's no 'nalogy twoen Mr. Wookes and tho 'super' so far. Mr. Weekes may be a bad treasurer, but Smith hasn't shown how, 'cept by comparing him to a counter jumping suporintoiider; and that's whot tho lawyors call assortlon, not proof. Thon agin look at Smith's letter on ' tracking.,' There's a capital yarn about a littlo girl us was lost in tho bush, that almost makes you cry, when he tolls you how tho poor littlo thing picked up tho floivora nnd wondered about ; your hair stands on an end when he mentions the hawks and tlio crows ; and you feel aj if 11 mountain wero taken off your cliojt whon ho tolla you t/ie crow's meal wasn't randy; but what has all this to do with Cuneon, tho member of Parliament? All I can mako out of it is that Cuneon is a liboral aa vote I for Free Selection, and gonorally sticks to the Cosvpor Ministry, and for that ronon Smith holes him, but noithor mo norno1-oily olio can't wo no 'nalogy 'tweon Cuneon and tho littlo girl or anybody obo in (ha : tracking etorr. But then you seo Smith don't rito thesa letters for men of aenso ; ho rites cm for tho ignorant as can't reason. Ho spin3 em a nieo pleasant yarn, and at the end of it ho tells cm tho yarn, provca nomo liberal to be a. fool or a rojue ; and he thinks in- tho simpletons will swallow, all his a-sei-t;ons litmpus. and never sco his trickery; just li'ie a doctor a3 lian to 'minister a iloso of ftsio to u. child, rolls the doso well up in sugar, and the child thinking it all right swallers it grcclilly at first; but ai the nhild ' find* out tho doctor's trick soonor or lator, so will tho electors find out Smith's dodge 'fore long, if they hasn't found him out already. When I was a kid at school I had a book of amuiin and instriietin fables. Thoro was one yum in it as I was very partial to, and as I ofteii thinks over now; that was a yarn about tlio 'wolves nnd the shcop.' Once upon 11 timo and a very good timo it was, iu some part of Urape there was a mob of wolves as was pretty nigh starved out, and they coiild'nt got at tho sheop or cattle on account of tlio care ni tho shepherds, nnd stockmen took of em. Woll tho wolves consulted along time what thoy hud best to do, and nt lust they hit ou tho' following ' dodge.' , Thoy drc-dsed up somo of themselves in sheepskins, and they fitted em on so woll that some of tho wolves was going to kill em nnd eat em, they looked go liko sheep ; but thoy was restrained by somo of llio more coolhcaded covos. In that part of the country there win a placo ai was called in tho language of the' country 'Devil's cave.' This was about half a milo long nnd not moro'11 filtv yards broad ; as for the depth nobody could tell, seeing that nobody liked to go down, it win so sleep, and rocky ; anil and till covered over with trees, nnd briars, bound together with wild vinos ai thick as your arm. Tlio superstitious people used so say ns 'lovils, and ghosts und all sorts of goblini stopped down there ; and on this account nobody 'd try to go down, bo tlio wolves ami other creatures had it nil to thoimolvei ; although there was plenty of first-rato feod right up to tho edges of tho cave, the ohephords would'nt allow thoir flocks to go nigh it. Well tho wolvos, as was dressed in sheops' clothing was sent among tho shcop ; and they was to draw 'om on till thoy got em noar the gully and then all tho othor wolvo3 was to rush out and drive as many as they could right into it. Tho poor sheep iittod thoir now mates first-rate, they was so livoly and frisky ; nnd thoy follorod cm about wherever thoy wont ; anil in spite of ull tho shop hords could do tlioy was drawing near the gully. Tlio shepherds couldn't understand it at all, but thoy watched somo of tho loading sheop, us thoy thought, and they noticed as they woro uncom mon smart on thoir pins for sheep, und as they didn't oat no grass much, but junt nibbled a bit, and spit it out agin, as if it didn't agree with their stomuchs and when thoy wont near them they showed their tcelh ; and by Job! thoy wasn't sheops' teeth. Well, tho shepherds got crabbod, and tried to knock some of 'om down, and thon thoro was a bolo out and no mistako. Tho wolves commenced snappiu and barking in a way thoro was no mistakin, so tlio sheep bolted homo nnd left tho ehopherils and wolves to fight, it out. Ono or two of tho wolvo3 was cooked, so tho rest cut and ran. Now, that's (ho way with John Smith, and tho fools lie's trying to tnko in, Ho's one of tho wolvos dressed in shoep's clothing, and so na torally that you'd scarcely know him ; only when you watch him close you Bee he's too-smart to bo what ho protends to be ; and now and then when ho tries to rito about, progress and bone fitting tho working chases, nnd oil that, you find that it don't agreo with his stomach, and ho runs on ngin about tha stupulncss and roguery of tho liberals. The ignorant people is tho eheop as aro ploasod with his yarns, and would follor him anywhero, only tho shophorrU aro on tho look out ; thoy Bees his tooth, and they knows what ho is, und ho will bo snannin find barkin ni anon hb lin'a touohed, nnd then it's a caso with him. Doraoomey U iho pluco whoro tho good ahophords feed their sheop ; Aristocracy is tho 'Dovil's Cavo' m is inhabited by ravoiiin wolves as will como out and destroy all boforo em if tho shepherds don't look out. So you eoo the.o's moro 'nalogy in this yarn than thoro ii in uny of Smith's; 'I don't know but you're right' sos Tim, but then you sco if Democracy goes ahead what's to become of our ki;b ? They won't havo half so much chanco to rbo, causo there'll bo so many clever fellon'3 of tho lower classes tryin' to rise too ; but if wo sticks to Aristocracy us largo landholders '11 have all tho patronage of tho country in our hands ; and whot odds who suffers if our families don't suffer. ' Tim,' ses I, ' the boat porvision as wo can make for our families is to try to bettor the con dition of the pooplo. The highor wo riso tho working classes, the better off our families ']1 be if thoy should go down in the world whon we're gone. All' Hie laws in tho world won't mako rioh mon's children no wiser, n;-r no more pro vidon than poor moil's ; so thoro 'It allwos bs ups and downs wliilo tho world la«ts. You see Tim, Natur is a leveller and Wisdom is a democrat, and if wo want to make the world happy wo ^ must follor Natur and Wisdom.' '. Woll Dick,' sos Tim, ' you're a long heeled feller and I won't argy with yon. I daro say you'ro right ; but I'm almost too old to clvanga my opinions.' Tim and mo shook hands and parted. '? M ?',-':,'.! ? BICHAUD JONES, Solitary Creek, near Hartley. :» 