THECONSECRATION '.OP 'ST. BENE. . .. . DICTS OHUBCH. '< '» , ? THE solemn consécration of tba Church of fit, B;nedlct'r lo P«xramatta-atreaf, Sydney, «BI .'obnduoted yesterday by bia Once the Archbishop. Tba ceremony com. " menord at 7 o'clock Itt tba morning; and together witb the Pontifical High Maia, itbioh immediatily followed Ut ooenpled rather nore than eight honra without any tatar, mission. Tbia waa the first conseorat/on of a Catholiê Ghuroh in Australasia. Aa on introduction ti (he account' ." pi the ceremony, tba following particulars '¿«y be interesting ;,'T Tba foundation-stone of St. Benedict's Chnrob «BB laid on lbs 31st Joly, 1814, by his Gnoe the Archbishop and, on ita completion, the building wai solemnly blessed by tbe same venerable preiste. The chnrob which is very gripefully proportioned, is built in the ' Oothlo style, and oonalsts of a nave ond two eialep, with-.' ' . tower surmounted by a spire, 1¡bti nave ia divided from the aisles by ten baya on esoh Bide Bupportei by, slender oolumns, and. the aialea sro lighted by narrow ' ' lancet windows at the cides, and by windows of four lights ' at the ends, the nave being terminated at tbe altir end by a window of five lights, all filled with Btilned glass.' Tba high altar ia eompoaed of white marbia rest, ing on Biz pillars, and having in theoentre front, panel a Bmall but very beaulifal representation, ia dlstomper, ol tba Kesnrreotlon-tbat great, mystery on"whiob reel» all tbe Christian's hope-the two alda panela having tba word FAX, surrounded by tbe crown of thorns, eni melted upon them. Tho reredoB is deooraled with the eoaotelled figures of aogala and seraphim ia tho sst ot adoration, surmounted by appropriate texts, end richly diapered. The altar rail a also deserve especial notion aB being the work 'of a oolonial artist. They are' very neatly exeonted in oak, and consist of small pointed aroboa, each alternate one bearing a shield with amono, gram or emblems of the passion. Tba altar of the Lady . Chapel, on the epistle sido of the high altar, is a rich and very beautiful specimen of aarved oak tabornaole work, exeonted by an eminent Parisian artist, and that of tbe abapel of tbe Blessed Saorament ; on the Gospel side, is also In.oak, entirely covered with enamelled paintings, surrounding portraits in colours of St- Benedlot and St. Soholaatioa.. On the roof of the central compartment cf. the ohancel, several scenes from the lifo of the patron, St, : Baned iot, aro depioted, surrounded by Gothio ornaments, and all the pillars and aroboa of the obenoel are rhbly diapered. Over the gate at the éntranos to tbe chnrob are faur symbolical flgnres,having respectively the forma of an eagl«, a lion, a winged ox, and a man, representing tho guardian angela of the four evangelista. ïn'iaet, -with acme few exceptions, among which we may notice tba kaleidoscope glass of the windows and the bronzed hoares la the aisles, we have never seen any mot« soc oeBsfal speoimen of a Vovival of Gothic ornamentation in thia hemiBpbore than thia oburch presents. Bl. Bsnodiot'a possesses a sweet, though not very powerful,, organ (by Bishop), and oleo a good peal of bells, irbioh rang merrily duriog tba day in honour of the. oootsion, Space falls na to describe the building more tnionterj; it must Bnffiae to say that, in every point of view, it refleota generally the greatest or ed lt upon tho taite ao4 Judgment of those who have been em. ployed in > its erection and ornamectttipit,. ond also upon tbe liberality of the parishioner!. As a preliminary to the actual oonseoration, the relies ot several saints which wore to bi depoaited in the situ, were, on the previoua evening, prepared by the Arch, bishop, and pla oed in the schoolhouse adjoining the oburota ; vigilB were kept all night, and matins and lindi Bung in honour of the saints whose rollos vars theist The xelloa, portions of bones carefully ' folded np in parchment, are thoso of St. Peter, the martyr, Saiot Franois Oarracciolo, confessor, Saint Pius V., Pope sod -Confessor, and Saint Amarina and Saint Aurelii, both virgins snd martyrs. Twelve orossea bsd been painted round the inside of tba walls, and to a nail above each of these a lighted candle waa affixed. Tbe Archbishop having seen that all was duly prepared in the charon, weet to tba spot where tba relies bad been plaoed, and com. menced the servios-whiob, witb one or two excep- tions, waa carried on in the Latin language-by repeat, ing the Seven' Penitential Paalme, accompanied bf his clewy. Then, at tho door of the ohurob, the Archbishop repeated the following prayer ¡-"Prevent, we heiseoh Thee. O Lord, our odious with.Thy holy inspirations, and farther them -with Thy gracious ! assistance, tbit evpry prayer and work-ot outs may tejió alway) from Thee, and by Thee be happily ended. Through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen," Then a number of lite 'nies were repeated by tbe cantors, and the Archbishop blessod salt and water, and rondo the ' rironit of tba church, sprinkling the outBide with holy water. Hil Graae WBB clothed in a magnificent cope, tba chief otject ' J on which waa the figure of a dove In pile gold, The following dignitaries took patt with tbe Arohblscop in the onrcraboy:-Tho Very Bev« Dean O'Connell, O.S.B., noted aa asBUtant priest ; Ibo Venerable Arch, deaoon M'Enoroe, acted io his official oopnoity,. as Arch- deacon, throughout tho eeromony; the four following priests, vested in oopes, carried tbe relict enshrined In a r«linuery. bound with «liver gilt ; tho Very Rev. Jerome Keating, V. G. ; the Very Bev. J. B. Sumner, O. S. B. ; the Kev. Melitus Coriab, O. S. B. ; and the Kev. J. F. Sheridan, O. S. B. ; tho Bev. Father Leonard and the Bev. J. Fitzpatrick assisted BS deaoon and Bub.deacon ; the Bev. J. Dwyer. O. S. B., WSB tbe deaoon io oblige of the oburch ; the Very lier. Austen Sheehy; O. S. B., V.G., waa master of the oeremonies; and; the Bev. Father Curtis waa precentor of the oboir. Tba following prieata, were oleo present:-Tbe Very Bev. Dean Rigney ¡ th» Hevda. J. P. Boo'je, O. S. B.j P. Lmigan, P. Powell, X. Johnson, P. Q ilnllvan, P. Birch, and several other«, When he bad completed tbo circuit of the chnrob, .tbs Bishop, after aomo other proyers, resumed his nins and staff, and, aprroaobing Ibo door of the choren, struck it .'onoo obi vc Ibo threshold with the end of ' his staff, ' saying, in an audible voice, "Baise np your gates,' 0 yo prinoep,. and lei the eternal gates.be lifted np | and. the King of Glory shall enter in." Tho deaoon stationed within, asked aloud-"Who ia this IClog of Glory ?" Tba BUhop answered-The Lord .powerful and strong ; the Lord powerful in fight." With interrala thia appeal, and', answer was taloa, repeated. On tba deacon atationed within (tho Rsv. J. X>»jer) Baying tba third time, " Who is this K-ng of Glory V the Bishop and nil tho clergy answerer1, " The Lord of power, Ho ls the King of Glory. Open I Open I Open I ' ? Tba Biibop marked the sign of tho Cross above tho threshold on: the door, with the ¿nd of his staff, saying, Bebo!* tho ligo of tho Cross ; all ye damons fly." Too door III oponed and lie entered the ohuroli, sooompanied only By bia oierlonl attendants, the choir, and mojone (io plaoo and oement ibo atone cover over the sepulobro ol tho rallos, aa also the tablo of the altar, in oise, it be re nwved or Bojarated from ita supporter») ¡ tho rest ol ne olergy and people remained oulalde tho ohurob, ana toe doors wero closed. The Bishop, upon entering, nw. " Poioe to this boiiBo." . Tho deacon Inside answerer^ » UpoD your entranoe." And all said together,«Anten. Thun following a long aeries of prayers, paalra»,oJini». and ooremooloB, to which the laity woro not eoniiiw. At 8 minutes after ' 10, when . about - coe hundred persons were gatbeied about , i»» door, the prooe-alon emerged (ram the conreo to bring in tbe relio». After, praying and tte n\o psalm, tho Bishop lolling bia raiiro, put incense into me . w thuriblo, and tho procession was nrratigf d io lue to lo»' H log order : FlrBt, two Acolytes with burning lights, «« UH the Cross, -..followed by the ol«ray sloging '"??1»»£XJ .0, AnilphonB; after theso tho priests, collying the H« bior with the relics, preoedtd by fórct-beews¡ »a m finally, tho BiNhop with bis assistants. When tba pro ? oeeulon waa about to move, th» Bishop bfg>o wo M" mi pbon, whioh was. oontlnued by tho oboir. "Yon SDI«I» Mi forib with delight, nod you shall be Jed forward ann m} olarinna ! ami tho mountnina end hills awaiting JW ? j shall exult with joy. Atlel. . Arl«o, yo Saint» or uro, fm r.om your abodes j sanctify Ibeso places, bios« tho ptoplí. M and preserve us stoners fn pence. Adrasen, je ?'; SBIUIB of God, and enter Into tba city of tbs Loid; for you a temple is erected, wliere tho peuple mir R I adora the Majesty of tho Lord. Sot theirs lb rie »leg« dom of heaven, who despised this worldly life, obtslojd »j their heavenly rewards, and wasbei their girmenH in ?í {be b ood of tho Lamb,". The Archbishop, then, IM.«' Bf lng bu mitre, rJolivered nn address to tho people, olio ? . m Latin, and tba Arobdnnoon delivered .tiro dfcreii cf - tho Connell of Trent in the same linguine. HI« 0» M ? ? tho Archbishop then gave a short addrost In Rngw, urging tho duo dedication of tlthoB to tho sorties of Ood, and In tba oourao of his remarks said that no pero» _.j »bo did not psy ooe.teoth of his Inoomo lo tho o«» ? > ol religion could oonsidèr blmtelf io a way of iilratlos. After .an address to the founder, tho prooosilon then K< .ontor. d the oburob, bearing in tbe relic, tim Arohtliter By oominonolng Ibo Antiphon, whloh waa takenup by !». Hi oleriv, os follows t -«. Enter, yo wini« of Got', for ww fi uweJIlnff.plooaf« prepared of Ibo Lord,* and lbs faltblol M j pooplo follow youroouraa in joy, that yon »if lOpP»* IK oito for us the Mtjesly of tho Lord. Allai. 1«. TM M , souls of tho ealnte are rrjotolng In heaven, of thine «tM «Í nave followed tho footsteps of Christ; and beoaoie '"I . ttjt hive abed their blood f.| His like, thwefoii wita C«'H i i IhrfTurolt without tul,",. Meanwhile the. jwooW»M> Was advaneiog up tbe oharob. Upon arriving at tor altar in which tba «Moa were to be deposited ? («her. har og been Ant plaofd with tba bier near tba altar, and lighted candles beside them), tho BIsho n, keeping on his mitre, and standing in Iront of tbe altar, commenced the' Aotipbon, tbe I40tb and 180th' Psalms. After other prayers, he deposited the r.alios in tba sepulchre of the altar, with the follón lng "word's:-"Under God'a Alter ye bava fonnd reatuvg' placea : O ye Saints of God, intercede for ns witb. the Lord JoBt" Christ. V. Tho Saints sholl exult In giory, B. And shall bo joyful in their bede." It ia irr.poHsibl wltbin the limits cf Ibis report to note mioaUly the Tarions prayers and ceremonies which followed. Alter handing- incense repeatedly round the altar, and anoint- ing it with oil, his Graoe anointed the twelve orosses round the walls of the ohnrcb. He then bleaaed tbe incense, and put it on tba altar/ to burn away. Tbe final oeremony of the consecration ' service was the following :-The Archbishop reoBived bia mitre, and with the tin mb of bis right band, dipped in ohrism, j anointed in the form of . cross the joints of the table of the altar, as it uniting them, saying at each CroBB, " In the name of the Fatther, and of tbe S+on, and of the Holjt Ghost." Then giving np bis mitre, he said, '* Let, tts'pray. Wo supptiantly Ire 'oeoh Thee, Almighty and 1 eternal God, through Tby only begotton Son, Christ Jtauaonr Lord, to sanollfy by Tay Heavenly benefac- tion, thia altar, devoted to holy purpOBoe, and BB Thou didst regard with wonderful oondesoension the offering of. Thy Holy Priest Mulohisedeob, eo may all offerings kid on this new altai be ever acceptable in Tby sight; { that the people who frequent thia boly honse of the Cburoh, teing through these sacrifices pteeerved with Heavenly sjnotifloalion, moy attain likewise the eternal salvation of their souls, through Christ our Lord. Amen," Thia last . prayer being ended, tbe subdeaoons carefully wiped the 'able of tbe altar with towels of ooaree linen cloth. The Biabop retire! to bis chair, and rubbed with the orumba of bread, then washed and wiped his bands. After whloh he retired to tbe vestry, at a quarter before one, having been 'continuously occupied in the consecration service since naven o'olook, .PONTIGIOAI, Hron MASS, The Bishop of Queensland, Dr. QUINN, entering with ofheT olergy, immediately on the termination of the eon» sscretation, commenced the celebration of mass, oHsidted by tbe Very Rev. J. Keating, V.G, ; the Bev. P. Kenycn, they Rev. M. E. Athy, O.S.B., and tbe Bev. J. Dwyer, O.S.B.. as master of the oeremonies. The oboir, wbiob was composed of tbosa of St, Mary's .nd S'. Be ledict'a united with some others, under the -direction <>f the Rev. Mr. Cortie, performed, in tbo moat delightful manner, Mozart's lath mass, without the credo, the credo from Haydn's 3rd masa being substi- tuted. The offertory waa PergolesiV,'Bimotora et terriblle." Mr. and Mrs. Cordner, the Meaars. Howson, anti Mrs. Brldson took part in the performance; and a more delight- ful combination of vocal and instrumental musió can scarcely be conoeived. The church, ia well adapted to the Bound, wbioh enabled tbe performers, without the difficulties wbiob harass them in some buildings, to show what musio is, ? At the oonolusion of the meas, the Vary Bev. J. J, Therry, Arolj-prioBt, preoohed the oonaoora'.iqn sermon. Turning his faoe to tbe people and - addressing them in English, the venerable priest read tbe Gospel in Matthew,. xi- chapter, 25-30 verses, and then pro- ceeded to explain tho language of the text and to show ita bearing on the present occasion. . St. Benediot WBB one of the "lille one«" referred to in the words of the Blessed Saviour-humble and teachable. He then re- lated tbe early history of St. Benediot, who came to Borne to get learning and to be advanoed in religion, but meeting ot sohool vioious youths, to Bb un their evil example fled to-the wilderness. St Gregory said of him that he (St. Benedict; was tcienter nescltns et taptenter indue tut, because he preferred urity ot manners and piety to learning withont those, 'rom the example of St. Benedict, he recommended that fi 'youth should be sent to schools presided over by clergy, nen. To illustrate the nature of consecration be re- ferred to the history of Jacob, of the ladder wbiob be saw in bis dream, and tho oonseoration by him of Bethe], and from his example urged the duty of devoting a 10th part of one'd income to . the service of God, The very reverend preaohortben reminded biahearersoltbe holiness of tbe consecrated temple, and of tho Bin of profaning it. He appealed lo tho example of the two sons pf Aaron, Nadab and Abibu, who were struob dead for profaning the altar of God, and of Holiogabalae, who, by tbe order of his king SelèuoUB demanded of Onias, the sovereign pontiff, the treasures of the temple. No Bonnor had HeliogabaloB insulted tho high prioBt, than a horseman appBariog in the temple, trompled bim down, and two other horsemen of extreme enanty perpetually followed him, and boressed him, until Oniaa interceded for bim in prayer, and be was forgiven. And Solomon's splendid temple was not so dear to God «a that in whiob they were a'seoibled. They bad not, indeed, the ark of the covenant, tba tablea cf the law, and Aaron's rod ; but they had what was more preoions in the sight of God, they bad then the body and blood of his son. After some further observations, tbe very, reverend preacher reminded Iiis henrerB that they, the whole company of the faithful, wore tbe living temple of God.' A-« their - belove-! AronbiBhop had consecrated the oburoh to G J J, be oallod upon them to oonseorate themselves"to God as ' lils temple, to shun all sin wbloh defl'e« thu templo, and not to let the Bufferings and 1 thoura ot Christ be in vain ! as to them; for Jesus loved them, and gave himself for i ihem. ' - Tbe sorvioo being concluded thaBUbop retired from the churo1!, walking down the aisle, followed by th« Archbishop nod olergy. The two prelates, as they poseed through Ibo congregation, continued tu bleat them; and the people, whose neal triumphed over tho fatigue ol so long a service, eagerly proBaod forword lo receive tho ?benediction of their venerated archbishop, some of the joongor worshippers kisBing thn ski.ts of bis gormenls AB be wont along. It waa ten minutea past throe ' when tba proceed nga terminated. The nudi«noe wbiob, as above remarked, was small at the beginnlog inoroaseü to 400 or £00 before the aèrvioe was concluded. In tho evening tho ROT. Mr. Gorian entertained a .oompmy of about fifty gentlemen, nearly allot nhnm were priests, in the school-bouse connected with the oburoh. Tba Archbishop sat on the right of the Chair, mw, thc Bishop of Queensland on bis left hand. The Vrry Rev. Deon Sumner occupied tbo vlce- ohair. Ador the dinner, the health of their Holy Falber the Popo, of the Aschbishop, of - the Bishop of Queensland, of tho olergy who nrslsted at tba ctromo'niea of the day, of the Bar. (Father Coriab, of the laity generally,and of Mr. Plunkett in particular, were auooesslvoty called for »nd .responded to. The Archbishop, in responding to the toast drunk to bis ,honour, expressed his. egret that St. Patrick's Church had not boen oonBeoratod btforo now ; he also explained tbe hindrances to the oooueorolion of that oburoh, and gave ressens far belioving that they woald soon he completely removed. He promised that St. Patrick'«-«hou'd be thu nett oburoh that tia would oonseorate. The announcement waB received with strong expressions of gratification. ' , 