QUEENSLAND. ' THE SOLEMN PBOTEST AND COMPLAINT OF THE NEW CHUM. • Gentle readers, for to those alone I address myself for sympathising tenderness, and balm of consolation for my wearied, perspiring, mosquito- bitten feelings; I care not for those brawny, bearded, old colonists of cucumber coolness whose oidy answer to my well grounded complaint is a laugh a jeer or a jibe, (and how fearfully their coarse loud laughs fall on my already lacerated feelings). No, to those alone, who, . like myself, who are not rhinoceroses with insensible hides, do I look for good Samarliati feelings aud those alone : do I address. Therefore Gentle Readers, ' Lend me your cars, I am "a new clium:" i I have been dubbed so by gentleman of whom I have spoken- above as old -colonials (or ' Rhinoceroses), and I accept tfe^itle, while i confessing that I do not clearlf'luiderstand ' it; but if it means one whose nights are spent ! in vain pursuits of native stingers, called ' mosquitos, but in reality devils, whose eyelids never close in peaceful soothing, slumber, whose ears are ringing with a 0 continual, menacing, buzz, buzz, buzz, whose ! haudsare eternaliy buffeting his own suffer- ' ing head in the most delusive hope of ; exterminating these imps of darkness, then | I am a new chum—If it means one, whose dreams, when his wearied and broken frame; have at last sunk to sleep, are haunted by dreadful visions of Ghosts—blood- sucking dentists—surgeon's saws—vampires—devils —then I am a new chum. If it means one, whose days drag 011 in ail idle search after coolness, under a boiling, broiling, sweating, blistering, red hot ball of liquid lire, which pusses with old colonials as 'Die Sun(U), then most emphatically I am a new clium in the most extremely suffering sense of the fearful term. i Bntletme bo cool (cool lam I an Iceberg, do I look like one ! cool—what a deri- . s;on I Oli! for the plaintive eloquence of a I Jeremiah to hand down my woes, even to : the remotest ages ! i Shall I relate tlie sufferings of that first ! night of torture ? lltnovare dolorem. How, ; revelling iu the luxury of a bed of decent ! size, after three months confinement in a ^ species of coffin, called a berth not quite eighteen inches in breadth,! (my enemies say I am rather stout, but : that is malevolence) I prepared for balmy , slumber and dreamy from the ivory gates j with a confidence as unbounded, alas as it! was baseless. The tramp, tramp, tram]), of the officer of the watch in his heavy sea j toots, Iiis hoarse voice, calling the men aft to disturb my rejio.se under the pretext i of squaring main-braces or hauling this rope and that, would 110 more be heard, nor | did I fear anymore that n sudden pitch of ' the good ship would send my head bump against the luckless beam that traversed my | cabin : all was beautiful, no longer that j horrible smell of ships pervaded the atmos-! phere. and with expanding and grateful ] heart, 1 rolled over and over in my broad 1 bed, in the iniiscented sheets, extinguished | my candle and shut my eyes, j I have in my time heard many fearful ! sounds, I have heard the red Indian war- j whoop, very faithfully imitated by all | inebriated party of friends within the wails of old T.O.—1 lived for twelvemonths at i Hupellmrg, my chamber separated but by a i thin partition ol poor l'rity von—no matter j —who hid a taste for the (cracked) guitar, (boor) and the Deidchen Vote,-land, even to | this <Jay, , ' Rein, iiein, nr-in, nein tteyu Vaterlanil uniss weiter seyn !'' keeps ringing in my ears—I have heard the •shout, of the Arabs of Kubyli.i as they : swoopsd down 011 their French foes, aud 1 : have heard the Highland bagpipes—I hav been persecuted by a solo player ou a cracked Clarionette, who daily pursued his dismal, dolorous, hideous industrious right, under my windows in a retired street in London, , and I have beard Flemish fisherwonien dis- j pule—1 remained fifteen mortal days, I could j not make my escape sooner, with a friend , who has four musical daughters, a piano out j "f tone, of course, and a harp—and I have ! heard street-boys howl "Willie we have j missed you" with an occasional detour to j " Ratcatehcr's daughter." But in the I columns of this widely-spread Journal 011 the honour of " a new chum" I most solemnly asseverate that any of these dismal sounds, separately or all collectively are as nothing to the tiny buzz tliat resounded that night in my ears, and is stili filling them with mortal dread. Beginning slowly with a sound which may be translated where-is lie—where-is-lic. it gradually augments in velocity and intensity, until it comes to au abrupt stop in " here he is," worse tlian Su- Boyle Roche's fatuous bird, it is not only iu two places, it is everywhere at the same time. You gently raise your open hand aud with beating heart lay in ambush for the little but indefatigable tormentors, you bring your opcu palm smartly and forcibly 011 your ear, a sounding stroke you have caught it—ha 1 ha ! liave you I 110 ! on the other side now—yes, 110—back again—110 it is setting, squatting 011 your nose ; now'not wishing that essential feature, already of a respectable size, to bo increased in bulk by an ugly swelling, and being besides slightly irritated by the unceasing torment and your unsuccessful attempts, you shut your fist and bring it down with all your might and main ou—whack,— mosquito—oh ! 110—but on your poor inoffensive nose, which you succeed but to well in punishing severely, not to say more—This, reader, is a true account of my own acts ou that eventful night. To resume my narrative iu the tiist person, remembering my old prowess at bolstering matches iu school boy days or rather nights, I seized that instrument of war and with all the agility of conscentrated passion and the general luckless results of 'tlie same to the most numerous members of . the body, I belaboured the air with the force of a -giant and dogged resolution of a true-born Briton. Butwhatboatsittocontinue 1 ! Suffice it to say that the rays of the rising suu beheld in me a huge mosquito bite, with the slightest possible trace left of the " human form divine." I shall pass over with the contempt and scorn they merit my friends' grinning I N 1 UIRIEA to show I had passed the night, as well as certain titterings -which I overhe!lrd amo n S the servants mixed up with such broken words of " the new gentnose, nobblers and blood in the basin—in- Kilal1 I hifoi-m the reader how much a certai u chemist cliarges for court plaisteialthough I do know it, but what of that i Isha11 a ' 90 briefl y i mss <> ve1, the different remedies I havetricd, 1 smoked tobacco until m 5 r clothes, my very hair positively reeked wltU tll e vilfiodouraud—'well—i110 matter, I am no smoker and.it .wasnot blood that was in the basin next day—I who patronised hitherto choice perfumes, am now positively Ukc a nasty German Cabaret when just °l )eued > 1)efore the cool breezes of the S Jlave dispelled the nauseous atmosl beer—sourki-out and bad tobacco. I ,bere of llav e burned another compound in my room, recommended, of course, by a friend, the 841( 1 compound is very easily procured especially in cattle stations (£ cannot further, particularise it), and ] cannot say whether it drove out the mosquitoes, but it did, myself, J !lel ' remedies have I tried but it were, uieless to enumerate them, Now 4,111 1 M s freinds of Macquarie-strcet the worshipers of ' the Drowsy God' have 'deserted their temple of dullness, the New Chum k ' l<m ' s uot allele to gain an hour of " ballu y sleep—nature's sweet restorer," true ll e hasmodc a collection of the speeches to act as an opiate, but alas—when will he find the monotonous illimitable, somolent delivery! Tom Moore may say, The best of all ways To leiigthcn our days, Is to st&il; a few hours from the night. 15,11 Tom Moore knew nothing about mosquitoes. The Now Chum, thinks therefore,that his " days will be long in tbe land of t,l c Uvi»g" but that his death may be some use to science, and to his fellow-men, lie propounds the following questions : To tlie learned of all countries, natural pliil- "sophcrs, zoologists, A-c. lst Why do a!1 tkemosquitoesof the whole colo u y se(tle down on "the new chum ?" 2,lli tlle diet of the sailing vessel, luu d biscuit, anatomical fowls, and bankm ) 3t » mU ' m g' vc a peculiar flavour to the i grateful <« tbo taste of the mos- 1 uil0? Swl If so, why ? To tli e benefactors of sleepless humanity— 1,10 legislators of New South Wales— lfi t ' Is not the mosquito a greater pest j : • Iollu Chinaman i | A s the one is a denizen of the atmosi plierica!, ' the other of ' the celestial ' empire, i 1 ' could they not effect an exchange ! Of | two evils choose the less. (Ilecomended to the especial consideration of Mr. Lucas, ! M.l'.) ] | 3n J- they do nut resolve themselves , ""*" into a coinmitee ' of the house ^ to inquiry i into the conduct of the oflicers for the i protection A r c. of emigrants, who are left j iiotorioiwiy exposed to these terrible night I attacks i 4th. Would it not be desirable to vote a •statue to " the New Clium" if dead, a pension if living at their next merry | : meetiii'' ?— Frcemans Journal. I 