WESLEYAN. At the Wesleyan Centenary Church, York-street, the Rev. George Hirst, Superintendent Minister of the Sydney North Circuit, occupied the pulpit, and discoursed from Psalm xxxix 9. "I was dumb ; I opened not my mouth, because Thou didst it." The preacher, in the course of his remarks, observed Providential calamity still overtakes both individuals and nations At this time our hearts are all deeply afflicted with what, without exception, all must regard as a national calamity, the death of the Prince Consort, in the vigour of manhood, and in the full career of an active benevolence. By his many virtues commanding the respect of every subject of the British Crown, his deeply lamented death has cast a gloom over the whole empire. As the husband of our glorious Sovereign, and the father of her children, his conduct was worthy of the highest admiration, and his virtues and examples exerted a powerful influence on all classes In every scheme for the promotion of the material, the intellectual, the moral and spirituous welfare of the people, he took an active part, and by tributed much to the welfare of England and her de per studies. His removal would have been a great less at any time , but it is especially so at this crisis, when the empire is threatened with the evils of war. But great as is this blow of the Divine hand, it becomes us to hold our peace for God, who has done it, is our absolute sovereign. He doeth what seemeth him good as the armies of heaven, and among the children of men, and none can stay His hand, or say unto Him What does thou?" But though he is absolute, he is not capricious All the acts of His providence are the result of His infinite wisdom, justice, and love. At the Wesleyan Chapel, Botany Road, Chippendale, the officiating minister, the Rev. M. Rabone, i made some brief allusion to the death of the Prince, but his discourse was on matters not connected there- with. At the Wesleyan Chapel, in the Haymarket, Mr. J S M'Koj, local preacher, preached from xiv. Job, the 10th verse-" But man dieth, and wasteth away ; yea, man giveth up the ghost, and where is he " In the Wesleyan Church, Newtown, yesterday evening, the Rev. S Ironside preached from Genesis xmh 25 "Shall not thejudneof all the earth do right " He first expounded the text, and dwelt forcibly upon the great tact of the existence of an over- ruling Providence as distinct from the impious and absurd idea of chance. He referred to many circumstances in the history of the departed Prince, who, he observed was cut off in the prime of life, by a disease which seldom found its way into a palace. He then alluded to the wide sphere of usefulness in which Prince Albert had been engaged, and the sad loss which the nation has suffered by his decease, and concluded by enforcing upon his hearers the important personal lessons to be derived from so marked a dis- pensation of Providence At the Bourke-street Wesleyan Chapel, the Rev. W. Woolnough preached from the text, " If ye then be risen with Christ, seek those things which are above, where Christ sitteth on the right hand of God. Set your affections on things above, not on things on the earth. For ye are dead, and your life is hid with Christ in God. When Christ, who is our life, shall appear, then shall ye also appear with Him in glory." [Colossians, ni. chapter, 1st and 4th verses ] In the course of the sermon the rev. gentleman adverted, in impressive terms, to the mournful event which, at present, fills the heart of every loyal subject of our beloved Queen. 