A NEW GHOST STORY. We give the following story from the London correspondence of Saunder's News Letter without in any way vouching for its veracity : Really what with Mr. Hume, Mr. Forster, and Sir Bulwer Lytton's " Strange Story,' Lindon Society seems just now inflicted with a general phantom-mania. The last new phase of the malady is a ghost story, which has lately obtained extensive currency in what are called the ' upper circles,' and which claims for its be- lievers two council learned in the law, and the Lord High Chancellor himself! I don't pretend to vouch that the story can pretend to the ghost' ofafoundationforitsexietence-I merely testify that it is being talked of by everybody,' and that the first question asked at must dinner tables is Have you heard of Lord Westbury's ghost P's The story runs thus : 1. Westbury lately purchased Hackwood House, an old mansion near Basingstoke, the property of Lord Bolton. Snatching a spare day or two, to obtain a more minute inspection of his investment, he took with him two of the gentlemen belonging to his official establishment, both members of the learned profession. On separating for the night the bed-room destined for one of them a Mr. R- -, was found to be on the opposite side of the hall to those of the other gentlemen ; he therefore she k hands and said Good night in the hall, leaving the others talking there. He had not been very long asleep before he felt himself awoke; but could neither hear nor perceive anything. By decrees, however, he became conscious of something luminous on the side of the room opposite his bed. which gradually assumed the appearance of a woman clothed in grey. He at first thought it was an optical illusion ; next that his companions were playing him some phosphoric trick, and then turning round he composed himself to sleep again. Further on in the night he was awoke again, and then at once he saw the same figure brilliantly conspicious on the vi all. Whilst he was gazing at it, it seemed to leave the wall and advance into the middle of the apartment. He immediately jumped out of bed, rushed to it, and of course found nothing. He was so impressed with the power of the delusion, that he found it impossible to seek any more sleep, and as the day was beginning to break he dressed and made his way into the grounds, where he walked about for some time, pondering over the illusion so forcibly produced upon him. On his return to his own room he wrote out an exact account of what he thought he had seen, it being then quite clear to him that it was no trick played by others, but simply an halluci- nation of his own brain. At the breakfast table, however, he began to fancy that he had been cleverly imposed on by his friends, as they commenced at once bantering him on his night's rest,' ' broken sleep, and so forth. Wishing to detect them if possible, he pretended unconsciousness and utter ignorance of their meaning when to his horror, one of them exclaimed, ' Come, come, don't think we didn't see one of the women in grey follow you into your room last night !' He rushed up stairs, produced his written account, which he gave them to read and the consternation became gen< r ii On inquiry of course, they found the legend of a murder done in days of yore and the Lord Chancellor is supposed to be exceedingly vexed at an incident which has decidedly shut up one room in his house for ever, if not in all probability be hood the mansion altogether. Thus much do the ' upper ten thousand' aver-how truly is quite another question." The Richmond Examiner states that the occu- parson of that city sadly demoralized the Confederate army. On the day before the battle on the Chickahominy the provost-marshal arrested, in Richmond, and sent to camp, between four and five thousand soldiers, and after the conflict had actually begun, the thoroughfares, it says, were crowded with uniforms andthchoteí tables lined with officers." Much credit is given to the " Ambulance Committee," a voluntary association of fifteen gent women, who, lanterns in band, scoured the woods and swamps in the vicinity of the Seven Pines, the night after the battles, and removed from the field at least two thirds of the wounded. List year the officers of H.M.S. Nile perceived by the colour of the water, while in The minds Atlantic ocean, that the ship was on the edge of the Gulf Stream and having actually brought the ship so that her bows were in the great ocean river while her stem remained in the ocean bank, thermometers were dropped from either place, and in that short distance, of less than 250 feet, a difference of 40 degrees was read off from the instruments! The other fact is the crossing of the coldwater of Davis Straitbeneath this warm ocean river ! - Army and Navy Gazette. COMMON SENSE. to act with common sense according to the moment is the best wisdom I know ! and the best philosophy to do one's duties take the world as it comes, submit respectfully to one's lot. bless the goodness that has given us so much happiness with it, whatever it is, and despise affectation. Lord Brougham has brought in a bill to make juries compulsory in cases of petition for a declaration of legitimacy. They are compulsory in all other matrimonial questions, but were forgotten in this one. On the Ord, as the Grand Duke Constantine was stepping into his carriage upon leaving the theatre at Warsaw, a revolver was fired at him. It is said that His Royal Highness was slightly wounded. The perpetrator was arrested. A meeting of manufacturers, cotton spinners, and operatives has been held at Burlington, near Macclesfield, when a resolution was unanimously adopted urging the Government " to take the earliest opportunity of recognising the Southern Confederacy." " 