COLONIAL NEWS. The annual races commenced at Gee long;, on 29th ult, on which day there was excellent sport. A nugget weighing 28 lbs. was lately found at New Kingower, about seven miles north of Inglewood. The lucky finders are foreigners, and were offered £1,800 for the lump, which was not accepted. The registration fees, continue to be a fruitful topic for criticism and animad version in the Melbourne papers, the un equal and unjust pressure,of the burden on diiferent articles being tlie principal point of objection. A silver lead mining company has been formed in Ballaarat to work lead ore at Glen Osmond, four miles from Adelaide, South Australia. News from America to 27th November reached Melbourne on Tuesday by way of Sydney. It was reported that North Carolina had established a provisional Go vernment, representing forty-five counties, which repudiated the act of secession from the United States, and re-affirmed loyalty and devotion to them. Pensacola had been captured after twenty-four hours' bombardment. Nothing: decisive had taken place on the Potomac. Differences of opinion existed between McClellan and the other generals, and also in the Cabinet, as to the propriety of immediate action. McClellan was for delay. The American press defends *he capture of the Southern Commissioners on board the British mail steamer. The latest news from New Zealand represents mining1 affairs as being rather dull towards the end of last month. Not withstanding the continue^ arrival of diggers from other colonies tlie escorts were falling off in amount. This is in some measure accounted for by the con tinual rushes tl.at take place among the diggers. Still there are occasionally very large yields. The weather had been un settled, and much rain had fallen. The market at Dunedin was overstocked with goods. A fine arcade had been erected in the town. The Genevieve had been wrecked at the Heads, but a large quantity of her stores and cargo had been saved and sold. A man named James Scott, from Victoria, shot himself with a gun in the presence of his wife, to whom he hnd been married only six weeks. Jealousy is alleged to have been the cause. A draj'man named William Stamford, only a fortnight from Victoria, was accidentally killed by the shot from a gun, which formed part of a digger's swag. In consequence of the approaching completion of the Ballaarat line of rail way, the Geelong Advertiser advises the formation of a Steam Navigation Company in Geelong, to commence their trading operations with New Zealand. The English cricketers, are to visit Tasmania toward the end of this month. H. M. S. Pelorus sailed for Sydney on Saturday forenoon. Yesterday, February 6th, was thd anniversary of the ever-to-be-remembered black Thursday in 1851. j The inauguration of the game of Shinty j took place on the Melbourne racecourse on Saturday, and attracted a pretty large compan}', including many members of Assembly. A man named' Timothy Ryan was shot; in the breast, and died ten or fifteen minutes after, by another man named Hines, at Mount Bolton, near Lake Lear mouth. A party had been playing cards and drinking; a dispute arose. The party went out to a yard, when Hines returned to the house, took out a loaded gun, was remonstrated with by a man named Russell, to whom he paid no attention, but fired and shot Ryan. Hines committed for j wilful murder. : A DESPERATE FIQIIT took place on ! Wednesday night, says the Ballaarat: Star, between two sections of tie Chinese j about admission to the Chinese theatre nn Golden Point, and it was renewed with additional fierceness on Thursday morning. On both occasions it was put a stop to by She police, but a number of the belligerents received severe, if not really dangerous, wounds in the encounters. The Cricket Match between the All England Eleven and Twenty-two of New South Wales commenced on Wed nesday, 20th ult. The Eleven went first to the wickets, and at 6 o'clock, when the stumps were drawn, they had scored 143, with four wickets down. The eleven were all out at half-past one on Thursday, having; scored 175. The New South Wales Twenty-two went to the wickets about three o'clock, and when the stumps were drawn at six o'clock they had scored 93, with ten wickets down. The attend ance was very largo on both days, and the weather was delightfully fine. The game commenced again at half-past eleven on Friday, the New South Wales Twenty two at the wickets, where they continued until half-past one, when they were all out, with a large score of 127. The All England Eleven went to the wickets for their second innings shortly before two o'clock, and a little after five they were all out for a score of 66. At halt-past five play was again resumed by the New South Wales Twenty-two going to the wickets for their second innings, and when the stumps were drawn at six o'clock there were three out for 8 runs. Play was re sumed on Saturday and continued to five o'clock, when the All England Eleven had scored 66, thus winning the game by 49 runs. ' A meeting of Mr. Don's constituents was held iu Collingwood on Tuesday even ing for the purpose of expressing their opinion on the conduct of their representa tive on the new Land Bill. Mr. ?Don was present, and expressed contrition for the , determination he had come to of supporting ! the second reading of the bill. Great' confusion prevailed during Mr. Don's explanatory statement, and he was twitted almost unmercifu'ly by the assemblage: but a resolution expressing gratification that Mr. Don would oppose the second reading of the Land Bill was believed to have been can ied. The late news from New Zealand in- j forms us that the Ocean Chief was set! lire to by some of the j crew at Bluff Harbor, and tlmt slie was burned to the ' water's edge; only a few stores saved. An investigation was going' on when the news left. The following telegram was received in Melbourne from Adelaide 011 Tuesday: " The sale of His Excellency the Go vernor's furniture was held to-aay. After it had proceeded for some time, the great est possible excitement was caused by Inspector Petfcinger, of the foot police being shot dead. The ball had entered behind the ear, and come out just above the temple. A discharged policeman is in custody, supposed to be the murderer." Melancholy Case of Drowning.— Miss Mary Jones, governess in the family of His Excellency Sir Henry Barltly, was drowned while in the act of bathing at Queenscliff, on Saturday morning, 1st inst. Miss Jones and Miss Barkly, at tended by the lady's maid, went down to the beach to bathe on Saturday morning, when the tide was flowing, and they both got into the water immediately. Short 1 after a wave caught them, and was carry ing them into deep water, when Miss . Darkly called to the lady's maid, f ho ran down and caught Miss Barkly by the hand, but she had hold of the hand of Miss Jones, and as the lady's maid could [ not pull both to shore, she called to Miss ! Jones to let go her hold of Miss Barkly, and she would return for her. Having' thus got Miss Barkly to the shore she re turned to look for Miss Jones, but found I she was being- carried into deep water, and then she called out for assistance. Samuel I Smith, a fisherman, who had witnessed the whole affair, but hesitated to approach the ladies, supposing they were larking, rushed into the water, and caught Miss Jones by the dress, but at the instant was stunned by a wave, and involuntarily let go his grasp, and when he recovered, the body had floated out, and was picked up after being half an hour in the water, by John McDonald, one of the Customs-boat's crew. Dr. Robertson, Sir Henry Barkly, and ' some others exerted themselves for more than two hours and a half in the use of the various appliances for restoring anima tion, but without avail; and later in the day a Coroner's jury returned a verdict in the case, of " Accidentally drowned while bathing." The shock had a serious effect on Miss Barkly, and the whole family are deeply affected by the sad calamity. An Old and Young Warrior.— How old Benbdw, in his grand laced oocket hat, daep-flapped white satin waist coat, blue coat, gold epauletts, knee breeches and silver buckles, would be astonished, could he rise from the dead during a modern sea battle, and go on board such a vessel as the Warrior as it moved into action. WhatJ No laying yard-arm to yard-arm, and opening a broadside till one or the other yield — no pouring in boarders through open port holes, through smashed in poop-windows— no driving into the captain's cahin with pistols and cutlasses ? ' And what is that dreadful panting noise bosun, between decks?' says the eornr modore's ghost. 'That, an it please you, honor, is the steam-engines putting on extra power for running down the French corvette a-head of us, the Currant-juice (the Courageux). ' And that noise Jike uuloading stoues, bosun ? ' That is the getting up coals from the buukers for the forty furnaces.' ' And, good heavens! where i* the bowsprit gone to, bosun ?' ' Turned back on the hinge, your honor, so as not to stop us when we run down the enemy.' ' What a wonderful age 1 | And what is that enormous iron pot on ' deck for ?' ' For riflemen, in case the | enemy board us ' ' But why not put them in main-tops, as they used to do in our time?' ' The men don't go up aloft I now, your honor ; it's all done with ptil i leys and tackle.' ' Do you ever have a mast shot away ?' ' No, your honor, be cause they are all iron.' ' How many I sixty-eighis do you carry ?' 1 Your honor i is making game of an old sailor : the 200-pounders are our chief guns to do heavy work with.' 'Good heavens !' says the venerable ghost, faiding away in sheer disgust, ' I don't know what the world's coming to!'—Dichen's ' All the Year Round.' Neighbours Getting Over theih Distance to One Anothek.— The South-Eastern Railway Company have placed a nsw boat, the Victoria, on the Boulogne and Folkestone line, and which accomplishes the distance m an hour and twenty- seven minutes. We rejoice at this, as we do at any event that brings Francs and England nearer to one another. It steam succeeds in making the two coun tries closer iriends, it will be classed as the greatest of the triumphs that have already been recorded in its favor. The kettle, in the vapour of which young Watt pro phetically saw the first steamer, will thus turn out the most powerful pacificator the world has ever known. For this, and other considerations, the Peace Society could not do better than adopt the kettle as its crest—talcing, at the same time, as its motto, ' Its Empire is Peace'—for the song it is always singing (a ' Song without Words' as tuneful as any that Men delssohn ever wrote) is tho peace that should take the precedence of every other —that of the domestic hearth.—London Punch. Printed nnd published by Jacob Fehiiis, Pro prietor, at Iho Guts Land cardial Offloe, Port Albert, Victoria, 