THE FRENCH CRITIC AND THE ENGLISH PRESS. ... (Le Courier du Dimanche.) Hear the London press ! It croaks like a meeting of frogs when you throw a stone into their pond. Brekeke Rex coax-coax They are rather surprised, these English. They had prepared, regardless of expense, a magnificent exhibition ; they build of the best bricks, after the design, of a celebrated architect of the fifteenth order, viewed and approved by several very great men, a large spacious, and, inconvenient barn, at the cost of several millions and placed on the roof a couple of large dish covers, which they call comes ; they had invited all nations to bring into this barn specimens of their manufactures (keeping, was was perfectly natural, the, lion's share for themselves.) They had made up their minds to be hospitable, , civil, courteous, for the occasion only, but. in fact had taken all their precautions. And yet what happened we all know. The first startling proof of British hospitality was to require three guineas from the foreign exhibitors who wished to admire their own stalls on the opening day ! The effect of such a promising debut may be easily divided. After all said the English, it is not the fault of England, but of the Exhibition Commissioners, who have overshot the mark in their anxiety for quick returns. But take the trouble, Messieurs les Francais to walk about London. Stroll into our parks, see our monuments, inspect our docks, admire our piles of Yorkshire hams and Manchester prints, look at our steam engines, visit our Houses of Parliament, listen to Lord Palmerston and Mr. Gladstone, read our newspapers, buy, our Bibles, sing our Psalms, admire our forgeries of fair-haired "maidens-angels on earth ; reflect what a great people we have how strong, how wealthy, how powerful, how eloquent, how well dressed, how proud we are, and you will be forced to admit that we are the first of living nations. What I saw, or fancied I saw, was that the English were very wealthy (or at least that one man in ten thousand had a great deal' of money), very intelligent,' very healthy, very indifferent as to what befel their neighbour, very careless of the' distress that prevails around them, and, in some instances, not sufficiently devoid of brutality. I said that their political liberty was unlimited, and their social liberty very limited, that they are quite at their ease in all great things, but that in a little things, which are matters of daily occurrence, the pins are stuck in in very uncomfortable places. That arrangement is excellent for the lords and bishops, whose position exempts them from these troublesome details, and for" the lawyers, who make a living out of them. I described Lord Palmerston as a man of talent I did not say he was a saint. I don't think he would have appreciated the compliment. I carefully abstained from insulting any one. I formed wishes for the maintenance of peace between the two countries, without attaching much importance to the alliance, which cannot, I think, be very cordial in any case, but especially if the casting of Armstrong guns, and cannons rages is continued on both sides of the channel. I did not allude to the many virtues which the English doubtless possess, because these virtues are carefully concealed, like violets hid beneath the grass. . . . Lastly, I did not mention, although I was very proud of it, the honors, done me by an illustrious English- man, Mr. Cobden, respected throughout Europe quite as much as in his own country, who introduced me himself into the House of Commons, a piece of good fortune the more valuable as " Mr. Cobden is one of the four or five Englishmen for whom I have always entertained great admiration and sympathy. Nevertheless I was not remarkably 'ill treated, and I cannot complain that any unfairness was shown to me-a fact I ascribe to the great habits of the London press to discuss freely all subjects, and to insult anyone they may take a dislike to. I prefer this frankness and downright insult to courteous lies and polished misrepresentation. To lie and betray are not the vices of a free people. Would we treat with so much frankness in France an Englishman who had spoken as plainly of ourselves as I spoke of the English ? I cannot say; but French politesse often conceals a deal of biliousness. What I specially admired was, the unanimity and the precision with which the British press fired their shots against me. Ah, you come here to laugh at us, perfidious stranger. Brekeke kex coax coax ! Ah, you wont admire us, nor our wives, children, lords, bishops, roast beef, and piety ! Brekeke kex ! As for myself, I can only say I am delighted at this outbreak. ' My good English friends, let us strike a bargain. Abandon to me your lords and bishops, who, like locusts, eat up your wealth, and I will abandon to you all our functionaries, great and small. Laugh away at the mania of 600,000 poor devils in France, kicking their heels in the ante- chambers, soliciting patrons, waiting for appointments, and dreaming of getting tobacco licences. Give me a trifle of your liberty, I will give you a little of our equality and it will be good for both of us. < ! (Daily Telegraph.) Ki We are a gloomy people," are we not, M.Assolant? Our sombreIfaces "terrify young children and disgust sensitive foreigners," don't they, M. Assolant ? We have " no art, nor humour, nor spirit, nor gaiety," nor any virtue dear to your Gallic bosom ! What a pity that a severe bilious attack deprived us of this amiable Frenchman! What a thousand pities for us, and for the Constitutionnel, and for M. Assolant himself, that he did not tarry amongst us till to-day ! He might have seen how miserable we make ourselves at Epsom ; what sad lobster salads and de- pressing drinks we consume when arrived there; how very wretched we all look when our silken-skinned favourites are saddled and mounted, and cantor along the emerald turf; what sombre silence reigns when the victorious colour flashes past the post; and, finally, how utterly abased, dejected, and wretched we all appear as we make our way home from the Surrey Hills. For to day is the Derby Day-the day of the " blue ribbon of the turf, of " the Isthmus games," of anything you like to call it that means long pent-up excitement, and reckless holiday. To-day it is of no use for a king to abdicate or a nation to rise in arms. We shall take no heed of them. It is all one to us whether the French beat Juarez or Juarez the French s whether the Holy Father gives up the ghost or his capital ; whether North or South Avin the two great fields upon which the fortunes of America and of Lancashire depend. Not even the pitched battle of the rival parties in the State can engage our attention. If- any * * * ". There is one thing, surely, which M. Assolant would admire in this wondrous scene. Here is gathered all the metropolis -tout le monde but where are all the gendarmes ? Where are the Zouaves, the Chasseurs, the Imperial Guards which would most certainly assist at such a perilous concourse in France ? 'Ten times ten thousand people, and half a hundred policemen-that is now we English '' pre-' serve order" at our national gatherings. When the bell rings, the course clears itself by some mysterious agency, to which the clerk of the arena contributes a' little entreaty, and albeit a good deal of gesticu- lation. The people keeps itself in order, and does it thoroughly too, after one of those English fashions which M.Assolant's fine naturOjiinds so contemptible. Could such a task be trusted to them elsewhere, does that " Mossoo" imagine ? Would son and l'Empereur like to leave his loving subjects alone with their ten thousand selves at Chantilly ? But here, not only will all these myriads have come without guard or garrison, "and have' remained without them, but they will' find their way home together by road or rail, with nothing much more serious than the loss of sundry watches and tempers, some bloodless battles of chaff, and a few of the inevitable breakdowns which horse-flesh is heir to. Again, at the moment when Tattenham Corner is rounded by the strain- ing racers, M. Assojaufc might have observed another curious specimen of an English crowd. He might have seen a storm of irregular horsemen charging in a vast and dusky squadron, to get a view of the final struggle-the most orderly of all disorderly, " scrimmages" to be witnessed. Such riding, and such a breed of horses as are there ridden, are more important to the country than M. Assolant is likely to know and this Derby Day, which means so much of mirth, of fun, and popping corks, of cold viands, and ice and lobster salads, of reckless, thoughtless holiday, means also, in an indirect way, the charge of English cavalry on the pitched field, and that national skill and courage which has made us by taste and choice "horsc-subduers," as Ilonier delighted to call his fighting Greeks 