POLICE OFFICE. FfiZDAT, OcTcmEE IOTH, 1862. (Before tbe Stipendiary Magistrate, and G. J.P.) One drunkard was fined ins., or 24 boura* solitary confioem^tt; and one distarber was fined £3, or two months' imprisonment. •CIUIJ^KOIHO TO FIGDT.—WFLLIONI LJoyd and WiDiam Jooes were charged with challenging ether persons to fight, ated usog aborive lan» guge, and then^y disturbing the peace. Tliey pfeoded not guilty. CotttfxUs proypd tbe cats. They were caeb fined St., or 7 days' fcatd iatar. JoBjph Carroll, a soldier of tbe 12th Regitnfent, for smashing in a door late last night, W&i; fined 5s, or 7 days to the House of Oorfoctioo. TttR FIPPAGIXTMUPVTOP Pour's GHOST.— ^ohn McI^uglUin, alias Martin, a young man, ciiargcd with Insulting paaen^ye on tbe 1th. Defentotfleutadf ~ * * Ms p>< good character 1 m forTy for' wlmthe had done, an* wid he wm iu\mw. Ti.C.Brynn «*id that I tut evening two renpecUMe irirls were walking alone tin? «treet8 after dark, Mid (tie defendant who vain ligmir sprang upon them, cot I10H of one took her ronnd tlic neck in » most indece.ii wanner, and wlien witness want to take liiin h- 1 would scarcely let her go, and waa very violent j ea>i»K j,e was Mr. l'ropstins, the Superintended ! of Tolioe, and he inuit lethim eo - theairii wen : frightened at defendant's conduct. Mr. Jone said It was & very w-riom offence, and Hie defendant's position onpljt to have nrercnted — - . . . . these resnectable young females must be protected } he should fino the defendant £S„ or in default two montlis to the House of Correction. One female, for using obscene language, was fined £2, or three montlis to tlie House of Correction. LtuciiNi-.—Sarah Kay lor, alias Julia Nasson, was clmiged by Detective Murley with having, on the 7th October instant, stolen two print skirts, and one silver watch, the goods of Joseph Balmforth, of Uvcrpool- street. Mr. Lees appeared to prosecute the prisoner. Prosecutrix deposed tliat she knew the prisoner; she was in her ecrvice, and left on Saturday last, but took none of her things away; on tlie Sunday prisouer again came, and on tlie Tuesday she came for her tliiugB at about 7 or 8 o'clock In the evening; witness sent her in vkli a yoonggirl for htrbox; in the sitting room were two priut skirts, and a silver watch, witness's property ; soon after prisoner left die went into tlic sitting room, and missed the articles referred to; there was a peraon eutaidc waiting for the prisoner. By Prisoner.—You asked permission to go out on Saturday ; you brought your box into tlic shop, and put it down ; you did ask me for your wages j ] never knew you to take Anvtliing before. Kunnu Mcssetcr, servant to Mrf. Balmforth, proved that she saw prisoner on Tuesday evening, when she came for her box, and went In the room with her to get the box ; while going through the sitting rooni prisoner took hold of the hem of two skirts on the drawers, and said something, but she did not know what it was ; witness went away leaving her in the sitting room ; prisoner went>wuy, and returned, saying she liud forgotten her boots; about half an hour afu>rwards witness missed tho skirt* off the drawers. Constable Evans deposed to apprehending prisoner, when she denied all knowledge of the robbciy. Prisoner euid the was entirely inuoccnt, aud, if she I tad desired, *hfi liad every opportunity of robbing Mrs. Balmforth ; she kept characters of the very lowest kind in her house, and they could have robbed her. The Bench discharged the prisoner. who dropped on her knees, and said" G«d Almighty bless you, sir.*' B&tacn; or Can Acr.—Propping r. "Stand. An Information by tlie Superintendent of Police tor ft breach of the Cab Act. Mr. Propsting asked permission to withdraw tbe information, which was acceded to. (Before the Stipendiary Magistrate.) EMBEZZLEMENT. — Henry Matthews was charged by D. C. Bryan, of the Rural Police, with having on the 6th instant, while in te hired service of Terence Grey, of Hobart Town, feloniously embezzled the sum of five pence, monies belonging to the said Terence Grey. After hearing the evidence of Thomas Chacc, who had paid prisoner the sum of five pence on the day named for milk supplied, and Terence Grey, tbe prosecutor, the Bench committed the prisoner to take his trial. 