LORD WESTBURY AND THE GHOST. We give the following story from the London corres- pondence of Saunders News Letter, without in any way vouching for its veracity :- Specifically, what with Mr. Hume, Mr. Forster, aod Sir Bulwer Lytton's Strange Story,' London society seems just now inflicted with general phantom-mania. The last new phase of the malady is a ghost story, which has lately obtained ex- tensive currency in what are called the 'upper circles,' \- and which claims for its believers two counsel learned in the law, and the Lord High Chancellor himself. I don't pretend to vouch that the story can pretend to the 'ghost' of a foundation for its existence - I merely testify that it is being talked of by 'everybody,' and that the first question asked at most dinner tables is, 'Have you beard of Lord Westbury's ghnst?' The story ran thus:- Lord Westbury lately purchased Hackwood House, an old mansion near Basing- stoke, the property of Lord Bolton. Snatching a spare day or two to obtain s more minute inspection of his investment, he took with him two of the gentlemen belonging to his official establishment, both members of the learned profession. On separating for the night the bedroom destined for one of them, a Mr. K-, was found to be on the opposite side of the hall to those of the other gentlemen; be therefore shook hands and said 'Good night' in the hall, leaving the others talking there. He bad not been very long asleep before he felt himself awake; but could neither bear nor perceive any thing. By degrees, however, he became conscious of something luminous on the side of the room opposite his bed, which gradually assumed the appearance of a woman clothed in grey. He at first thought it was an optical illusion; next, that his companions were playing him some phosphoric trick, and then turning round he composed himself to sleep again. Farther on in the night he was awoken again, and then at onse he saw the same figure brilliantly conspicuous on the wall. Whilst he was gazing at it it seemed to leave the wall and advance into the middle of the apartment. He immediately jumped out of bed, rushed to it, and of course found - nothing. He was so impressed with the power of the delusion that he feared it impossible to seek any more sleep, and as the day was beginning to break, he dressed and made his way into the grounds, where be walked about for some time, pondering upon the illusion so forcibly produced upon him. On his return to his room he wrote out an exact account of what be thought he had seen, it being then quite clear to him that it was no trick played by others but simply a hallucination of his own brain. At the breakfast table, however, he began to fancy that he had been cleverly imposed on by his friend, as they commenced at once to banter him on his 'night's rest,' 'broken sleep," and so forth. Wishing to detect them if possible, be pretended ignorance of their meaning, when, to his horror, one ot them ex- claimed, Come, come, don't think that we didn't see one of the women in grey follow you into your room last night. He rushed upstairs, produced his written account, which be gave them to read, and the consternation became general. On inquiry, of course, they found the legend of a murder done in days of your; and the Lord Chancellor is supposed to be exceedingly vexed at an incident which has decidedly shut up one room in his house for ever, if not, in all probability, tainted the mansion altogether. To us much do the 'upper ten thousand' aver - how truly- is quite another question." THE BILATON SAVINGS BANK FRAUDS, - At the Staf- fordshire Assizes, a |few days since, the Rev. Horatio Samuel Fletcher surrendered to his bail, and was sen- tenced for his frauds as treasurer of the Bilston Savings' Bank. It will be remembered that the prisoner, who was the incumbent ol Bils'or, and a magistrate for Staffordshire, was found guilty at tba las: BHSZSS of de. trending tbe depositors of the Bilstcn Savings' Bank, of which be was treasurer and trustée, of aeverul Urse sams of moa«:y, J amounting in all to »boot £70C0. He was not sen'enoed, howevir, beaaase a legal toinl waa roiled whether or not be was a trastee. Bat that question having been decided by the dart of Criminal Appeal in the affirmative, be now came op IO be awarded tb» punishment tbat was allotted him bytbejidge before whom be was tried. The sentence was ibm he should ba imprisoned in the o-immorr gnol fir two veiw. TBS CAHADA MILITIA. BILL.-Oa the 18th of Joly, in the Home of Lords, the Karl of Carnarvon called attention to certain charges connected with co omal fortifications sad : defence, sod mored for copies of correspondence between j the Governvent and the Governor-General of Canada in j reference to the Militia Bills prepared «nd passed by the Canadian Parliament, objecting to tbe large " incr»-aaed imperial expenditore which hal taken place for colonial fortifications, mott of which he designated as melesa. , The Dake of Newcastle denied that there bad been any increase of late in imperial expenditure for colonial purposes of any kind. Be expressed his regret ai the coursa taken by tbe Canadian Parliament with regari to a militia. Tbe Earl of Ellenborough cor corred ¡n this latter opinion, and expressed his belief that however the war in America ter minattd, Can td* would be attacked by the Un'ted States. Afters few observations from the Earl of Powis and Lord Stratford de ReJclifle, the moiion was agreed to, and after a number of bills had been advanced » stage, the House adjourned. 