A TRUE GHOST STORY. DEDICATED TO THE Sl'IttlTUALISTS. [By Norman Macleod, D.D.] A WELL KNOWN Scotch artist, whose delineations of character delight his many friends, and who is almost as remarkable in his anecdotes as in his pictures, commences one of his stones by narrating how an old Scotch game-keeper once remarked to him in a slow, solemn voice, " Do you know, Sir, that I myself have actill) known men, ay, and respectable men too, who \- did- not-believe-m ghosts > " And he describes how the old keeper, on being questioned as to his own belief in ghosts, replied, with face averted, hill in pit), half in sorrow for the questioner, but with, if possible, deeper solemnity, "I how I do ' " I am not sure if the game-keeper stands alone in his belief, and I question whether, if the great majority of the "upper ten thousand" were asked regarding their faith as to apparitions, they would not agree with the lower ten thousand who are assumed to be the only honest believers in occasional visits from the inhabitants of the mysterious ghost land. 'S very possibly in broad day-light, when driving in the park, or shopping, or visiting the Exhibition, or, even when the candles are lighted, and when seated round the dinner table , or in the midst of the buzz and flutter of an evening party, the realities of the palpable and prosaic world may act as such opiates to the ideal faculty, and so close the eyes and stop the cars of the inner eye which can alone discern the spirit world, that all faith in its existence may be denied or ridiculed, But take any one of those persons singly, especially the most thoughtful and gifted , let him or her remain in the large drawing room when it is emptied of its guests, with the fights extinguished, except one or two sufficiently bright to project " shadows on the wall," but not to illumine the darker recesses of the room when the fire burns low, and the cinders fall, and begin to crumble audibly among the ashes when the midnight winds are creeping round the house, sighing at the windows, or breaking out into angry gusts which boom over the chimne)-head, and shake the huge trees on the lawn, forcing one to think of ships fighting with storms on misty coasts, or drenched wretches creeping over splashing moors- and then let the thoughts gradually slide into head stones of human suffering, mingled with anecdotes, about presentiments, dreams, odd coincidences, unaccountable appearances, and the like and ever and anon let some strange sounds of wind and rain and chafing foliage be heard, with breaks in old timber, no one knows where I ask with confidence whether in such circumstances, at two in the morning, the sceptic will not profess more faith in ghosts than he or she would at two in the afternoon a The fact cannot be denied by any one moderately acquainted with human opinions, that there is an almost universal belief in ghosts. Or, if that is a too broad and vulgar way of expressing the belief, let us rather say, a universal feeling verging on belief, if not reaching it, that there are certainly " more things in heaven and earth " than our daylight philosophy accepts of or can account for that there are revela- tions from a world unseen by the carnal eye, unheard by the carnal ear, which come to the seeing and hearing faculties of the spirit in certain states of mind and body which are alone susceptible of this inter- course, that these revelations assume divers forms, it may be of strange sights and sounds, vivid dreams, sudden and overpowering impressions, apparitions, ghosts, Bpint-knockings, call them what you please which compel the belief that the ghost world with which we are unquestionably surrounded, impinges occasionally on the family, or on what we call the actual, just as strange and rare birds from another far off climes are sometimes driven by storms on our coasts _ This is a subject to which I have paid some attention. Without, as far as I can discover, any prejudice to warp my judgment, or any want of such a careful and cautious induction as a detective might bestow in tracing out the facts of a crime, and weighing the evidence in the nicest balance, I have collected several unquestionable facts, in which I have no hesitation whatever in publicly acknowledging my belief. I am also firmly persuaded that their truth rests upon in- comparably more satisfactory proofs than those stories of spirit rappings which are so firmly believed in by so many. I have listened patiently to the details of most remarkable phenomena connected with spirit rapping and table-turning, related to me by ladies and gentlemen " moving in the best circles of society," and by evangelical clergymen whose word no one would think of doubting, and whose judgment no one, I presume, would once dare to caT in question. A clergyman, for example, whose literary abilities, sound sense, piety, broadmindedness, and truthfulness are sufficiently guaranteed by the fact of his being a frequent contributor to the pages of a leading " Religious " newspaper, while assuming that any doubt as to the reality of spirit-rapping apparitions, w itches, &c;, indicated on infidel tendency, affirmed his belief that the devil was the real person who pulled all those strings. I took the bold step of questioning this, which I fear has shaken his faith in my Christianity and I confessed to him frankly that I had such an opinion of Satan's intellect, and of the immense amount of work he evidently had to do in France, Italy, and America, not to speak of our own country, as made me doubt how far he had himself the time, or could spare even the weakest and most imbecile of his spirits to amuse respectable, well to do, idle ladies, to furnish arguments in favour of a ghost world to sceptics, to paralyse weak curates, or even to afford the best and most popular clergy illustrations for their sermons I also took the liberty of directing his attention to the following verse in the Prophecies of Isaiah, and which seemed new to him -' When they shall say unto you, Seek with them that have familiar spirits, and with wizards that peep and that matter should not a people seek unto their God for the living to the dead r ' (That is as I understand it, should the living in reference to their affairs, consult the dead >) " To the law and to the testimony if they speak not according to this word, it is because, there is no light in them Strange to say, this passage made my clerical friend only hold more firmly to the alleged facts and his devil theory regarding them, for he maintained that many men whom he knew to be a little more than sceptical regarding " the law and the testimony of Scripture, and who " staggered through unbelief in the miracles there recorded, nevertheless sought information " from the dead,' and had perfect faith in the truth of the revelations so obtained, thus proving the devil to be the real deceiver Granting for the present the truth of the alleged facts of spun rapping and of table turning , yet, after hearing them, and comparing them with some of the mysteries I have myself collected, chiefly in the Highlands, connected with second sight and ghostly apparitions, and with other similar phenomena noticed by me in some of the remoter valleys of the Harz and Black Forest, I cannot possibly admit the one without admitting the other Both seem to me to rest on such evidence as must compel them to stand or full together I have no wish whatever to bring any reader of Good Words, who has " made up his mind on those mysterious topics, to my way of thinking I shall acknowledge it as a sign of progress in free thought if I am permitted to hold my own views without being condemned as a person devoid of all judgment or common sense My excellent publishers are also willing to run all risks by permitting me to make the pages of this periodical a vehicle for disseminating more worthy views of the mysteries of our spirit-life. But one fact is better than a thousand more arguments in discussing such a question, and I shall therefore devote the rest of this paper to a narrative, which the reader may rest assured is strictly true, and then I shall leave him to judge for himself as to how far such mysterious phenomena as it record! can be accounted for A friend of mine, a medical man, 138 on a fishing expedition with an old college acquaintance, an army surgeon, whom he had not met for many years, from his having been in India with his regiment M'Donald, the army) surgeon, was a thorough Highlander, and slightly tinged with what is called the superstition of his countrymen, and at the time I speak of was liable to rather depressed spirits from an unsound liver His native air was, however, rapidly renewing his youth, and when he and his old friend paced along the banks of the fishing stream in a lonely part of Argyleshire, and sent their lines like airy glossy- mers over the pools, and touched the water over a salmon s nose, to temptingly that the best principled and wisest fish could not resist the bite, M Donald had apparently regained all his buoyancy of spirit They had been fishing together for about a week with great success, when McDonald proposed to pay a visit to a family he was acquainted with, which would separate him from his friend for some days But, whenever he spoke of their intended separation, he Bank down into his old gloomy state, at one time declaring that he felt as if they were never to meet again My friend tried to rally him, but in vain. They parted at the trouting stream, M Donald's route being across a mountain pass, with which, however, he had been well acquainted in his y onth, though the road was lonely and wild in the extreme The doctor returned early in the evening to his resting place, which was a shepherd's house lying on the very outskirts of the " settlements," and beside a foaming mountain stream The shepherd s only attendants at the time were two herd lads, and three dogs Attached to the hut, and communicating with it by a short passage, was rather a comfortable room which " the Laird had fitted up to serve as a sort of lodge for himself in the midst of his shooting ground, and which he had put for a fortnight at the disposal of my friend Shortly after sunset on the day I mention, the wind began to rise suddenly to a gale, the rain descended in torrents, and the meet became extremely dark the shepherd seemed uneasy, and several times went to the door to inspect the weather At last he roused the fears of the decor for M'Donald a safety, by expressing the hope that by this time he was ' aware that aw fu' black moss, and across the red burn " Every traveller in the Highlands knows how rapidly these mountain streams rise, and how confusing the moor becomes in a dark night " The black moss and red burn" were words that were never after forgot by the doctor, from the strange feeling they produced when first heard that night for there came into his mind tremble thoughts and forebodings about poor M'Donald, and reproaches for never having considered his possible danger in attempting such a journey alone In vain the shepherd assured him that he must have reached a place of safety before the darkness and the storm came on A presentiment which he could not cast off made him so miserable that he could hardly refrain from tears But nothing could be done to relieve the anxiety now become so painful The doctor at last retired to bed about midnight. For a long time he could not sleep. The raging of the stream below the small window, and the touch of the storm, made him feverish and restless. But at last he fell into a sound and dreamless sleep. Out of this, however, he was suddenly roused by a peculiar noise in his room, not very loud, but utterly made a scribable. He heard Tap, tap, tap, at the window and he knew, from the relation which the wall of the room bore to the rock, that the glass could not be touched by human hand. After listening for a moment, and forcing himself to smile at his nervousness, he turned round, and began again to seek repose. But now a noise began, too distinct and loud to make sleep possible. Starting and sitting up in bed, he heard repeated in rapid succession, as if some one was spitting in BDger, and close to his bed,-" Pit ! fit ! fit ! " and then a prolonged " whispered " from another part of the room, while every chair began to move, and the table to jerk. The doctor remained in breathless silence, with every faculty intensely acute. He frankly confessed that he heard his heart beating, for the sound was BO unearthly, so horrible, and something seemed to come so near him, that he began seriously to consider whether or not he had some attack of fever which affected his brain- for remember he had not tasted a drop of the shepherd's small store of whisky ! He felt his own pulse, composed his spirits, and compelled himself to exercise calm judgment. straining his eyes to discover anything, he I plainly saw at last a white object moving, but without sound, before him. He knew that the door was shut, and the window also. An overpowering conviction then seized him, which he could not resist, that his friend M'Donald was dead ! By an effort he seized a lucifer box on a chair beside him, and struck a light. No white object could be seen. The room appeared to be as when he went to bed. The door was shut. He looked at his watch, and particularly marked that the hour was twenty-two minutes past three. But the match was hardly extinguished when, louder than ever, the same unearthly cry of " Pit ! fit ! fit ! " was heard, followed by the same horrible whispers, which made his teeth chatter with terrible rapidity. Then the movement of the table and every chair in the room was resumed with increased violence, while the tapping on the window was heard above the storm. There was no bell in the room, but the doctor, on hearing all this frightful confusion of sounds again repeated, and beholding the white object moving towards him in terrible silence, began to thump the wooden partition, and to shout at the top of his voice for the shepherd, and having done so, he dived his head under the blankets. The shepherd soon made his appearance, in his nightshirt, with a small oil lamp, or " crusey," over his head, anxiously inquiring as he entered the room, " What isn't, doctor ? What's wrong ? Pity me, are ye all?" " Very ! " cried the doctor. But, before he could give any explanations, a louder whisper was heard, with the old cry of "Fit!" close to the shepherd, while two choirs fell at his feet ! The shepherd sprang back, with a half scream of terror ; the lamp I was dashed to the ground, and the door violently shut. " Come back ! " shouted the doctor. " Come back, Duncan, instantly, I command you ! " The shepherd opened the door very partially, and said, in terrified accents, " Gudc be about us, that was awful' ! What isn't ? " " Heaven knows, Duncan," ejaculated the doctor, with agitated voice ; " but do pick up the lamp, and I shall strike a light." I Duncan did so in no small fear j but, as he made his way to the bed in the darkness, to get a match from the doctor, something caught his foot, he fell, and then, amidst the same noises and tumults of chairs which immediately filled the apartment, the " Fit a fit' fit! fit'" was prolonged with more vehemence than ever The doctor sprang up, and made his way out of the room, but was several times tappEd, by some unknown power, so that he had the greatest difficulty in reaching the door without a fall. He was followed by Duncan, and both rushed out of the room, shutting the door after them A new light having been obtained, they both returned with extreme caution, and, it must be added, fear, in the hope of finding some cause or other for all those terrifying signs Would it surprise our readers to hear that they searched the room in vain that, after minutely examining under the table, chairs, bed everywhere, and with the door shut, not a trace could be found of anything - Would they believe that they heard during the day, how poor M'Donald had stag. gored, half dead from fatigue, into his friend's house and falling into a fit, had died at twenty two minutes past three that morning We do not ask any one to accept of all this as true But we pledge our honour to the following facts The doctor, after the day's fishing was over had packed his rod so as to take it into his bed room but he had left a minnow attached to the hook. a white cat who was left in the room swallowed the minnow, and was hooked The unfortunate gour- mand had vehemently protested against this intrusion into her upper lip by the violent 'fit' fit! fit" with which she tried to spit the hook out; the reel added the mysterious whispers and the disengaged line, getting entangled in the legs of the chairs and table, as the hooked cat attempted to fly from her tormentor, set the furniture in motion, and tripped up both the shepherd and the doctor , v while an ity. blanch kept tapping at the window ' Will any one doubt the existence of ghosts and a spirit world after this? I have only to add, that the doctor's skill was em. closed during the night in cutting the hook out of the cat's lip, while his poor patient, yet most imps. tent, was held by the Shepherd in a big the head alone of press, with hook and minnow, being visible. M'Donald made his appearance in a day or two, rejoicing once more to see his friend, and greatly enjoying the ghost story As the doctor finished the history of his night's horrors, he could not help laying down a proposition very dogmatically) to his half superstitious friends, and as some amends for his own terror. " Depend upon it," said he, " if we could thoroughly examine into all the stones of ghosts and apparitions spirit- rapping, el hoc genus omnes, they would turn out to be every bit as true as my own visit from the world of spirits that is-great humbug and nonsense " We leave this heterodox sentiment with confidence in the hands of the illustrious dead, who spend so much time in disturbing furniture without even the apology of a hook and mu now We have no doubt that Milton, Dante, Shakspere, or probably Newton or Bacon, if properly invited, will cheerfully comes guests to any tea party of true believers in London or Boston, to contradict, in the most authoritative manner, the doctor's profane scepticism We shall be glad to hear the views of those distinguished men, who, it is alleged, though dead yet speak and we shall be proud to add them to our staff, and to number them among the contributors to Good Words We despair of the cat She has been silent ever since her great debut into spirit and. Her lips, though healed, are sealed -Good Words The UNION ELEMENT OF THE SOUTH The AUS Calijutniaot 26th September says The world will bear the Government witness that for over a year it did all that lay in its power to give the Union sentiment of the South a chance to develop itself, in all the rebel States save one-Texas-the old flag has been raised. There- is a point in every one of them at which the Union men of the South could have rallied for the purpose of aiding the Government in over- throwing the despotism of Jefferson Davis, if they so desired. That this class of persons was originally in a majority in most of the rebel States there is no room for doubt. In the Presidential election of 1860, hundreds of thousands of votes were cast for Bell and Douglas. These were, of course, Union votes. The subsequent election for the Secession Conventions revealed the fact of the existence at least, of respectable minorities in favour of the old flag. What has since become of the whole of them, and why have they not declared themselves ? They have had the opportunity. In Louis iana, Butler has been for months, and is today, in possession of New Orleans. Federal troops have been, and are to-day, at convenient points in Arkansas, Alabama, Mississippi, Florida, Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, and Virginia, for a rally of the Union men, but comparatively few have come. Has the contagion of treason swept over the e, whole of the rebel States, or are the Union men there too timid to declare themselves r If the former be the truth it is manifestly our duty no longer to forbear, out of considerations for those whom we regard as friends, but who in reality are our foes. On the other hand, if timidity is the cause of their holding back, sensible people will respond that there is no reason why the Union men of the South should be exempted from participation in the struggle. They have as much, nay, more, at stake than the people of the free States, and if they will not shoulder their muskets in the good cause, let the consequence be upon their own heads. The rebel leaders have resorted to every means to cripple and harass the Government. They have not stopped at anything. They had not left their temporary capital at Montgomery before letters of marque were issued. They have availed themselves of everything which could in any way contribute to their success. The Government is now about to do the same thing. Slavery is one of the elements of the strength of the rebellion. The slaves raise the food which support the rebel hordes. Let slavery, then, perish, no matter what the consequences may be. To this conclusion the conservative people of the North have been slow in in coming. They have, through all the trials of the past year, clung to the hope of the restoration of the " Union as it was." Their faith in the Union men of the South, through evil report and good, remained steadfast and firm ; but things have now arrived at such a pass that to adhere to that opinion any longer would be to hug a fatal delusion. The Union element of the South either has no exist- ence at this hour, or it it something unworthy of consideration. It is a great and momentous step which the Government is now about to take, but it is one which it could not avoid. If it triumphs-and there is no loyalist who permits himself to doubt it for a moment the whole labour system of the South will be overturned, and its social fabric reduced to ruins. Then let those who undermined the foundations set to work to reorganise as best they may. Before them, as examples, will be Jamaica and St. Croix. In the former, the negroes were oil freed at one dash, and the result, as might be anticipated, was the ruin of the island. In St. Croix, however, a different system was adopted. The negroes were oil made free men, to be sure, but laws were passed regulating labour, the object of which is to teach them gradually self-reliance. It is the only one of the West India Islands now in which negro immigration is desired. The Danish authorities are more anxious to invite persons of that race to settle among them than to deport them to other lands and yet all! are free. If we pattern after them, the radical change now forced upon the country by the rebellion will be productive of good, materially and socially, rather than evil. AMERICAN TRAVEL. Although on an American railway there is but one fare and one class of carriage, consequently anyone may enter any car on the tram, I have observed that, unless the cars are very crowded, there is generally one carriage more especially occupied by people of the higher class. This was the case in the present instance. No objectionable people were in our car. We had four arm-chairs, vis done, for our sole use : there was no dust worth mentioning, and contrary to our expectations, we performed a most agreeable journey. This, however, is not always the case, though, as far as dust and heat are concerned, I have experienced far more of both on a Belgian railway than ever I did in America. But when the cars in America are full, they are not fit places for a lady to enter. She is brought in contact with dirty, drunken, vulgar men, who spit about the floor in a manner perfectly disgusting. No lady ought to be subjected to so intolerable an annoyance. in a highly civilized country she never would be so subjected; but the fact is the Americans are not, as yet, above half-civilized. I hope my American friends will not be offended by my saying this. I should, indeed, be grieved to annoy them ; but the truth, as it appears to me, I must write. The American nation is the wonder of the world. When one thinks of their power, their wealth, their intelligence, and the extent of their territory, one can scarcely realise the fact that only eighty-six years ago they were a British colony. They are a great people, and they achieved their own greatness but they are not a polished people-they are still diamonds in the rough. They are too young a nation, too busy hunting after dollars, to attend to the elegance of life. Bentley's Miscellany, 