FARMER PINCHER'S RATS. (All the Tear Pound, 21st Sep.) t It was a faleo report about tho Golden Ago having departed from the land ; it still flourishes, as it always did, away there in Dowhshiro. I am just returned from a visit to old Farmer Debonlmm, who lives in a little sunny village about thirty miles, more or less, from Shaftes bury, nnd in tho centre or tho Blackmoor Vale country. Tho first glimpso I caught of Stoneton was on suddenly emerging from a deep dell, banked with fovn and white with biudwecd-bollsi among wliieh tho nightingale sang all to itself (practising, I suppose) oven at noonday, in tho season of its Binging-time. Bat now was harvest- timo, and there was no sound in the doll but tlio sullen bees, honey- gathoring in tho wild geraniums. From the green darkness of this deep- sunk lane, I emerged as from- n tcicscopo- tubo into n broad panoramic plain with somo thirty miles of horizon. Those hiils there, of ? » roach out towards tho sea : that littlo fume of smoke, boiling up there like tlio mere smoke of a picnio fire, is tho smoke of ono of tho chief Dorsetshire towns ; and yon der I SCO Dorchester. In the foreground, tho long lino3 of trees stretch like regiments ; and ns for the hedges, they look liko ranks of skirmishers thrown out before the main army. Stoneton is but n small place, but tlio cot tages are all of stone, and tlio windows are wide and mullioncd. Thoro, is tho rector's, with the pleasant gnrdon: round it, and tho standard roses shaking in tho: wind.. That squat blind Norman tower is the church, with' its daily congregation of martens, who build m evory cranny nnd corbel. . . Former Dobenham's house hn9 not sacri ficed much to the Graces; utility, nnd not beauty, is tho household- god of. tlio Debenhams. The stacks are square and clean out, ns so many tin loavos; but tho . gnrdon is slovenly and neglected. The thva'3hing-rijachino is covered up as tripi as if it wcro a new barouche j but theyiuo gads over tho house, with the most spendthrift wantonness, roach- nig its curling tondrils in at tho windows,'nnd thrusting the fruit prodigally into your hands. Ihe hollyhocks, too, thrust up their staffs of rosette flowers with an almoit Indian luxu riance, wuilo tho roses wrap tlio old house now la .ono groat crimaon?acented robe;- so that it looks quite regal in its old age, nnd faces tho sun with a rustic prido as of one now como to power. 13ut whatl meant about the Golden Ago was this : I meant that the manners and social, customs of Parmer Dubonhatn and his family are as pure, simple, and unsophisticated os wore tho manners of people in Shnkespero's time. There is no luxury or corruption entered Farmer Dobenham's house j no lato hours, or debilitating sauces, or niminy-piminy protonco : for lum or his ; no make- believe parties given to people whom you don't want to see, and ac cepted by peoplo who don't want to see yon ; no empty expenso on turtle nnd venison, nnd after-repentance on boiled nock of mutton and suet pudding. No, Farmor Dobcnhani, though lie is not the least aware of it, lives, a storn, hard life. Ho rises at five — four in summer — lunches at ton, diuos at half-pust twelve. I hear him up, in my dreams. In my midnight, in tho soft warmth of my first Elccp, I lioar him knocking tiio 'tables and chairs together, which he calls being '"about botimes." As the farmer is up nt four, and thou always finds tho floor washed and the table set, and as the wife aiid daughters- are yet rosy and well- looking, and cridently havo uo stint of healthy Bleep, I begin to conjecture that somebody stops up at night and cleans everything all trim and snug when wo aro gone to bod— not that there is any noise, no, not to fray a mouse. Aa for going to bed, everybody is . turned in and asleep by nine; no ono abroad- but the crickots, the rats, and outsido the window the " Hittor mice." And: that reminds me of tho rats, the real ' ataplo of my story ; but first let mo dismiss tho Dobonliauis, father and soii9. ' They ore - frank as sailors, honest, 'sturdy, stolid, obstinato, nnd intollectu- ally, perhaps, rather heavy. "Tliey are dark- red and brown-rpd, according as thoy are old or young. They are proud of Dorsetshire, and they liko- tho condition to which they were born. .Thoro are four sons, nnd each lias his specialities, wliieh he perlorms with-mititary discipline, Father goes to market, buys and sells ; Jack, tlio eldest son, looks after tho homo farm ; Tom, the second, attonds to tho labourers, starts them and koops them agoing ; Bill sees to tho thrashing, tho horses, and the in-door work ; Joe, the youngest, has a playful existence, sees to the cows, shoots tho ruts, and kills rabbits and trout for family consump tion. As to Mrs. Debenham nnd daughtors, they havo quito enough to do with the dairy and tho poultry. The piano gets mouldy in tho house of the . Debenhams ; but the milk-paus are as clean as ' snow, and tho glass bowls as bright as silver. Now, for the rats. Farmor Dobonham, you must know, is only a new eoinsr to Stoneton ; his hereditary farm is in Wiltshire, " down awoy at Cropinorc," .which lie left becauso tlio landlord was bard about tho repairs, and would not do tlio plans up at all. Tlio tonant he succeeded wns Farmer Pincher, who made a fortuno. ill the, good old hard timos, when tho poor peoplo had some of thoiu to livo on grains, aiid working mon, got meat once a weok, and tlion not too much of it. _ He was a wonder of eccen tricity even in this country of individualised and eccentric pooplc. He had grown vory rich, and ono year his brother farmers at market begun to tease him about four very old wheat-stacks that stood round his farm yard at Stoneton. Ho was a sullen, obstinato man. It is supposed that ho sworo then nnd there, in p'reeenoii of them all, that he wouldn't thrash them out for tlio next ten yoar ; but of oourss no ono know tho terms of his oath, because lie made it secretly and silently. Years wont on, nnd tho ' stacks sank and dwindled. Thoy wore pierced, liko colan ders, with rat-holes ; the thatch rottod ; weeds branched out on them ; they bo-, earno no longer great loose hills of golden grain, largo ns .small houses, but more black clotted! sops of spoiled grain ; what onee had been worth pounds was now. wortli only pence ; the poor peoplo in Bovero. winters, or in bad corn years, groaned at tlio wickedness of letting food porisli, from shoer .wicked obstinaoy; but nothing could, move Farmor Pincher. He would reply nothing to any inquiry about tlio stacks, but only growled and walked away. He chose it as it was his corn ; it gave him a wickod pleasure to show, visibly, how ho could 'afford to waste money; every, day ho passod thorn lie folt that ho was revenged. They wero tlio inn talk, tho firosido talk, tho cover-side talk, tlio sportsmen's talk, wore Finoher's whcatstack9. How rich and dogged tlio man must have boon, who, let com riso as it would, would die rather than touch his four blank stacks ! I beliovo that man was such ' a flint-and-iron pagan, that ho would havo bcon out into ounce pieces rather tlmn have thrashed those stacks until tho. timo of his oath hnd oxpirod. But, when Fanner Debenham came, it was necessary that .Pincher should either thrash or destroy tho four black stacks. And at last lie sullenly named a day for thrashing them. "Begin and thrash those four old stacks on Mondoy," was all lie' said. No joke, taunt, or sido-wind could touch him. He said no uioro about it; The same Monday, early, suddenly, without wishing any old friend good-bv, he and his. bad tomperod dog (who had tasted nearly every boy's leg in tho village) departod, W mi 1,10 8'10CS celebrate their dopurturo. Monday was the day on which I got to Stoneton, and great was the exoitoment thoro. I he blaci ricks had for years brought tho curse of rats upon the villago. Squiro Harker's game keepers, with thoir game-preserving, had ren dered tho ourso still . more intolerable by killing all weasels, ravens, stoats, hawks, owls, carrion- crows, kites, poooata,'nnd othor creatures, that live mainly on rats and mice, and such "small deer ; the rats first filling the stacks, had then, «, overflowing from tliom, burst like an inunda tion over tlio whole village. The poor people's bacon and best clothes had beon gnawn away ; tho farmers' ducklings and chickens went off in broods ; tho rats got into cupboards, presses, drawers, boxe3, lofts, preserve-rooms, stables ; got evory where, and spoilt and devoured everything. If tho rats wore unbearable, living, they were insupportable, dead ; for tho sanitary principles of extramural interment scorned grossly disregarded by tlioui, aud thoy nlwnys contrived to die in dining-rooms or under the floor of bod-roomB, instiidics,or under drawing- room sofas. Tho noise, too ! At night thev wero like burglars, ghosts, rioters, nnd election mobs. I could bear tlicin drug weights about, chains about, chairs about, and tlioy were, so violent that nothing but knocking a noil i.ito tho wainscot over tho place st opped them They fell down tho kitchen chimney ; they bit tlio cook's legs nnd the gardener's fingers ; they left thoir limbs in tho traps, and wcro found calmly drowned in tho miikpuns. I am quite sure that if Moses had only tried tho plaguo of rats, that stubborn Pharaoh would havo let tlio Israelites go wherever and whenevor thoy liked. Thoy wero such big rats, too, with sloughing tails, yellow (colli, naked feet, nnd eyes out of which an undying and changeless malico stared with cold cruelly. Nothing stopped them, Farmer Dobenham slid. Tar? Lord bless you, no. B roken glass ? Not a bit of it; arsenic they soemcd to rather like— a few died puffed out, or drank nnd burst ; tho rest got wiser, av. idod arsenic, nn-l grow more violent than over. They gnawed tho corks in tho cellar and they drank the wino ; tliey ate tho potatoos, and thoy gnawed the game in tho larder. Life in Stoneton wus no longer a pleasure, nnd all owing to Fnrmer Pinohcr's droves of rate. Tho most extraordinary stories wero told of them. ! Thoy were said to bo inet at night, going down in long files to the ponds to drink ; and uinong them were ofton found some almost denuded of hair — it was supposed from extreme old age. What a rat purgatory for the Deben hams ; but, for a Chinaman, what a paradiso was Stoneton! _ I remember them at night, in Pineher's timo, wlion I wns down staying with my friend the rector; somotimes thoy hnd a Derby Day, somotimes a congress, now and- then a single combat. It entirely explained- to mo tho origin of ghosls, nnd of all mysterious noise3 and haunted houses. As for the stacks, they had (at tho timo when Pincher loft) becomo quito serious ; tliey Bwarmod, thoy heaved, tliey- almost walked, with rats — in tile midst of which lived, it was reported, one or two tax- collecting wcnsols who lod tho life of sultans. If you went at dusk and put your car to tho stacks, you could hem a fighting and a stir, as if tliey were hives in full work. Each stack wns ono vast nation of robber rats, crowded together ns in a hugo fortress, ready to sack nnd devastate tlio sifr- rounding country. Nor wore tlio sticks their only barracks ; utl the hodgo- rows round wero hoooycombcd and entaeombed with their runs, in some placos tho very fields wore undermined with their burrows. And nil this vexation and mischief sprang from tho wicked obstinacy of ono selfish man. Farmer Dobenham was in despair. Ho saw no way to profits for a year or two, if this torrent of vermin life wero annually to sweep over his bnrn9 and rick-yards. In vain ho strewed layers of com, nnd slew tivonty rats nt a time with a duck gun ; in vain, at dusk, Joe, tho rat-killer, slow thorn iu pig-troughs, on walls, and on sloping thatches ; thev seemed to increase tho more. No, there must be a great razzia and an universal slaughter, and not a slio rat or a ratling must- be' spared. Tho day fixcd_ for tho groat raticide wns the day after I nrrfvod, when the full thrashing was to begin. Tiio day of my arrival wns spent in pitching double rabbit nets, three foot high, all round each stack : in cutting bludgeons, and collecting dogs. That same niglit, too, nt dusk, tho steam thrashing- machine arrived, drawn by threo horses — a great black iron monster, covered with tarpaulin as carefully as if it wero tho wooden horso about to enter Troy. That night we all dreamed of rats. I swam in rats, ate ruts, fought with rats, rode ovor rats, shot into thorn, slashed them, ortished them, first wroto and then rend to thorn,- talked to them. About daybreak wo began. Debenham and his sons wore or, guard round staokNo.-i; armed with long bludgeons, hurdle- polos, and pitchforks ; each held an impatient and fretful terrier, struggling in tho lcasli. There were a whole field full of children, anxious and wondering ; there wore cynical gamekeepers and young farmers, who had come to tlio Debenhams from sympathy or from shoer lovo of tho sport. Boliind all these, liko a burning Moloch of insatiable appetite, and the vigour of forty Herculo30s, puffed and champed tho, steam thrnshin'g-mubhino : its jaws breathing firo nnd black smoke, its arms and .claws toiling with a supernatural absence of fatigue. A niixturo of stoker and farm labourer looked to its firos, or from time to time rubbed some favourite brass cog or plug with a black oily rag, like n dirty Vulcan who had brokon out for a holiday into tho fields. A pleasant cluck of voices aroso. Dobenham, in pure Dorsetshire, urged his men to work, in a short hut telling speech, with' a glanco at certain oozy kegs that lay wallowing in the hedge undor some flowering nettles, and near fomo sturdy nnd odorous fustian jackets that l'etuined tho shnpo nnd mannor of their wearers. Tho children . lay in circles, pulling at gilt buttercups, or playing with a barking toothless dog, too old to kill rats, but not too old to bark and look on, and encourage its younger brethren. Now, ' tho mon with poles look staunch, re- ' lentloss,aud bloodthirsty,' for the work of death begins. The mon, dark agninst tho r03 y dnv- broak, romovo tho thatch carefully, as you would "prize" the crust off a pie, and fling down tho first pitchforkfuls of tubular straw to tho " greepers" and binders below. Thoy are knee doop in tho looso wheat. What is that living lump of black that topples down, picks itself up, nnd then hops oil' in such ludicrous panic? That's a rat — first rat! " At him, . dogs !" "Toar him, dogs !" " Go it, dogs !" " Hold liim, do»s ! '! "Worry him, dogs!" But no. "Mr. Rat" lays sluirp hold of an uninitiated dog's soft black nose, and there ho ' hangs, lot tho dog shake ovor so wildly. But at len.'th beaten off by tho dog, he fulls on the ground, and is there quiekly dono to death by Joe's doft bludgeon. First blood to Joo The first rat of-somo ten thousand rats has fullcn by Joo's puissant arm. Now, from various sally-ports, . crafty -cautious rats hop and bolt suddenly, hoping to elude their wutchful'and relentloss enemies by the , unexpectedness - of their exit. Some times thoy e-capo the mauling shower of sticks, and tumbio hopolcssly against the netting — but only there to bo snapped by the red jaws of the terriers, or'to bo'struck with tho javelin- .pitchfork. All ng(?3 of rats aro there, from tho swollen patriaoh and bald soro beggar rat, to the mere stripling rat, and tlio mere nuked shrip rat . of somo six hours. Our war was a rolcntloss one, nnd we gavo no quarter. Our peace bad; been disturbed, and now ro- vougo wns Bwcct to us.. It was war to tho knife — a war of extermination. Old rats, lean rats, fat rate, young rats, raook rats, blind rats, spiteful rats, cantankerous rats that fought in corners nnd defied dogs and sticks, rats that ran for help into the very pockets and bosoms of tlio women and children spectators, rats that threw themselves from tho roof of the" stacks, rats that ran suddenly from tho bottom, rats Hiqt hid tliomsclyeSj ;-atS that brflT0ly faced sunshine and glittoring steel ; mis that np" pearod at tho mouth of holes in tho straw, looked round -as if to sco how tho weather war, did. not like tho look of things, nnd turned in again ;j rats of ovory kidnoy, of all complexions, a"f. .?' J0I7 »ge, wero mil down and slain, with sudden shouts, suddon runnings together, orusning blows of sticks that socmed all in tlio Ctosar ' n "m' ''k "'e daggers that . slow. And all this time the groat enuuii?- !®d with-, mi feccH .devoured iii ondiess meals, and breathed forth its gKafc JJek banner of smoke. Tho mon who fed it, talkod with angry loudness, for tho noiso of tho machinery orased all ordinary voicc3 ; far away on tho other side, in a snug corner, beaten down among tho nettles, close to tho groat red-tinged heap of dead rat?, sot a small jury of village children — sma'.l chil dren nursing b-ibics, so large in proportion that tliey nearly tumbled over with lop- hoaviness ; rustic . boys, with large shapo- les3 hate, battered cruelly-used trunks of dolls, toy-carls without wheels ; ono or two boy younglings who swung about by tho tail, small rats that served as plaything?, not being much larger than tho horses in a Noah's Ark ; tho larger rnts boing, I observed, in the sudden quarrels tlmt occur among children, sometimes used as missiles. Every now nnd then, there was a warlike opisode, produced by Joo's dog lra.iin" savagely at an intrusive torricr from a neigh bouring village, wlio bad seized a rat not properly in his special provinco. Tremendous, then, wns the rush of tho men ; tremendous tho tearing and rending of tho snapping aiid growling dogs; lithe and wonderful the twists and turns. Tho pitchforks worked deftly, tossing off layor after inyer and lodge after ledge of straw ; and always as tho straw was lilted and shook loose and light; down showered nnd tumbled rnts, like so-much rolling black fruit. The satiated dogs cared only to gripo and kill tlio rats nt n bito ; they had no spirit for protracted worrying now; and nil. this time tho mountain of rnts widened and grew higher. It may bo true that rats leave a leaky vessol as soonns they con for 'the oozing in of the water may drivo thorn out of their holes ; but rats in a stack will not leave it till thov are ob liged ; tliey crcop; and . sink, and got to tho bottom, and there remoin huddled together in a spiteful snappinz frightonod mass, till tho men almost reach to thein, and tlion tho rats run for it, like so many detected conspirators. Some tons of rats lie dead in tho sun, nnd already the _ bright buzzing blue blowflies are busy at ' their oyes. Barrow-loads of rats ore ready to manure tlio wheat fields thoy once in vaded. The casualties on our side have not boen numerous. Joe has hit Tom d tremendous blow on tho shin with a hedge-stnke in tryin" to fell a! rat. Bill has boen bitten by ii rat ; and old farmer Debenham by nn impatient dog he tried to drug home. Every ono lias stories to toll of ,ljis own special prowess. How lie took a boar rat of enormous size by tlio tail, and beat his brains oat against a wall. How lie sprang on four rats, and struck them doad with four successive well-aimod blows. How ho caught a rat on his pitchfork a9 ho fell from the stack ; and so on, after tlio manner of old soldiers at tho bivouae-fire. Now, Farmer Debenham talks blithely of bread nnd meat, beer and perry, to be met with at homo by ull who havo killed more than ten rats. Everybody immediately puts in a claim to have killed more ; tlio bolder spirits claim to liavo killed scores ; tile milder, -rest content with one.ecorc — fifteen — twelve — eleven — any thing over ton. The stalwart work is over ; the groat steam-engine stops its tremendous attempt to puff itself into public notice ; tho sacks of hard yellow grain are lolling in the lvngon ; the ongino lins put on his great black tarpaulin dread nought; tho wagons roll and jingle homeward ; tho red bludgeons ere tossed into tho wagons ; some corosivo lino is strewn over the rat-mountain, so that it now looks like .an enor mous country pio waiting only for the upper crust; tho cowboy blows his liorn to call in loiterers ; nud Jiomo ire go to a merry-making supper. 