SECESSION. (From " John Lamar," in 7Ju» Atlantic Monthly.) THE guard-house was, in fact, nothing but shed in the middle of a stubble- field. It had be .built for a cider-preBS last summer ; but sit Captain Door had gone into the army, his regime had camped over half his plantation, and the sb was boarded up with heavy wickets at either er to hold whatever prisoners might fall into thi bands from Floyd's forces. It wes a strong poi for the Federal troops, MB farm,-a sort of wed in the Bebel Cheat counties of Western Virgini Only one prisoner was in the guard-house no The sentry, a raw boat-hand from Illinois, gap< incessantly at him through the bars, not sure the " Seoesh " were limbed and headed like.oth men ; bot the Novouibsr fog was So thick that 1 could discern nothing but a short, squat ma in browu clothes and white hat, heavily striding and fro. Â negro was crouching outside, h knees cuddled in his arms to keep warm : a fieli hand, yon could be «ure from the'faee, a gris patch of flabby black, with a dull eluding word > something, yon could not tell what, in the poin of his eyes,-treachery or gloom. The prison« stopped, cursing him about something : the on! answer was a laay rub of the heel: "Got any 'baccy' Mars'; John?" 1J whined, in the middle of the hottei oath. The man stopped abinptly, turnin his pockets inside out. " That's all, Ben, " h said, kindly enough. " Now begone, you blacl devil I" "Dem's um, Mars't Goin* /mediate, -catching the tobacco, and lolling down fa length ns his master turned off again. Dave Hal the sentry, stared reflectively, and sat dowi " Ben 1 ? Who air you next V-nursing his musk« across his knees, baby- fashion. Ben measure him with one eye, polished the quid in bi greasy hand, and looked at it. " Fri&'ner o' war, he mumbled, finally,-contemptuously ; for Dave' trousers were in rags like his own, and his chi blained toes"stook through the shoe-tops. '. Chea; white trash, clearly. " Yer master's some a swearin*. Hoow many, neow, hes he lik you, down to Georgy ?" The boatman' bony face was gathering , a woful pity He had enlisted to free the Uncle Toma and carry God's vengeance to the Legrees. Her they were, a pair of them. Ben squinted anothe critical survey of the " miss'able Linkinite. u Hov many wells hov yer poisoned since yer set out ?' he muttered. Tho sentry stopped. *' How man] Mongin' to de Lamars ? 'Bout as many as der'" dam' Yankees in Bichmond 'bacoy-houses !» Something in Dive's shrewd, whitish eye warnet him off. ' "Ki yil yer white nigger, yer J" Ht chuckled, shuffling dawn the stubble. Dav« clicked his musket,-then, choking down an oatt into a grim Methodist psalm, resumed his. walk looking askance at the course-moulded face of thi ' prisoner peering through the bars, and the diamonc studs in his shirt,-bought with human blood doubtless. The man was the blaok curse of slavery itself in the flesh, in his thought somehow, and hi hated him accordingly; Our men of the North west have enough brawny Covenanter muscle ir their, religion tb make them good haters, for opi nion's sake: Lamar, the prisoner, watched bin with a lazy drollery in his sluggish black eyes. I died but iuto sternness,^ he looked beyond th« sentry. He had seen this Cheat : country before: this very plantation was his grandfather's a yeai ago, when he had - come up .- fron Georgia here, and loitered out thi summer months with his Virginia cousins, hunting. That was a pleasant summer ! Something in the remembrance of it flashed inte his eyes, ' dewy, genial ; the man's leather- covered face reddened like a child's. Only a year ago, and now-- The plantation was Charley Don't now; who had married 'Ruth. This very.shed he and Dorr had planned last spring, and now .Charley had held him a prisoner in it. - The very thought of Charley Dorr warmed his heart. ' Wby, he could thank God there were such men.: True grit, every inch of his little body 1 There, last summer, how he had'avoided''Ruth until ¡ the «lay when he (Lamar) was going away 1-then he told him he meanttotry and win her. ".She cared most fdr you al ways, "Xamar had said, bitterly ;." why have you waited sb long ?'r ° You loved her first, John, you know.'- ; That was like a man!'; He remem- bered'that' even that day, when, his .pain, was 'brea'hires and.'sharp, the words7 made him know that Dorr was fit to te ber husband. Dorr : was his friend. The word meant much to John Lamar. He thought less meanly! of hiniself, when hej re- membered.0 Charley's prisoner ! i An odd chance! Better that then to have met: in battle. f -jHe thrust back the thought, ^ ithe sweat oozing out op' his'?' face¿-something , within -him muttering, .< "For ' Liberty I " I would r have killed him, so help me God 1' He had brought despatches to General Lee, ; that he .might see Charley, and the old place, and-Ruth again ; there , was a gnawing hunger in his heart to see them. Fool 1 what was he to them ? The man's face grew slowly pale, as that of a savage or an animal does, when the wound is deep and inward. The November day was' dead, sunless-:' since morning the sky had had only enough life in it to sweat out a few muddy drops, that froze as they fell : the cold numbed his mouth as he breathed it. This Btubbly slope was were he and his grandfather had headed the deer : it was covered with hundreds of dirty yellow tents now. Around there were hills like uncouth monsters, swathed in ice, holding up the foggy sky : shivering pine-forests ; unmeaning, dreary nats ; and the Cheat coiled about the irtzen sinews of the hills, limp and cold, like a cord tying a dead man's jaws. Whatever oat look'1of -joyirorr worship thb region had horr its' face in time gone, it turned to him to nothiug but stagnation, a great dcith. He v dered idly, looking at it, (for the Huguenot b: of the man was full of morbid fancies,) i were winter alone that had deadened colour pulse out of these full-blooded hills, or if t could know the colder horror crossing their tbr< old, and forget to praise God asitcime. O that farthest ridge the house bad stood. ' guard (be had been taken by a band of ana hunters,-back in the hills) bad brought bim pasl It was a heap of charred rafters. " Burned in night," they said, " when the old colonel i 1 alone." They were very willing to show him tl as it was done by his own party, the Secess "Bush-whackers;" took him to the wood-pile Bhow bim where his grandfather bad been m dered, (there was a red mark,) and buried, his hands above the ground. " Colonel said 'twa job for us to pay up; sobe went to the village hed a scrimmage,"-pointing to gaps in the bed; where the dead bush-whackers yet lay unburi He looked at them and at the besotted faces abc him coolly. Snake-hunters and bush-whackc he knew, both armies used in Virginia as to for rapine and murder : the sooner the devil cal home his own, the belter. And yet. it was i God's fault, surely, that there were such tools the North any more than that in the South I was-Ben. Something was rotten in freer Sta .than Denmark, he thought. . One of the men wi into the hodge, and brought out a child's golc , ringlet .as a trophy. Lamar glanced in and s I the small face in its woollen hood, dimpled y though dead for dava. He remembered _ Jessy Birt, the ferryman's little girl. She ul to come up to the house every day for milk. " 1 wondered for which flag she died. ' Ruth v teaching her to write. Ruth ! Some old pi hurt bim just then, nearer than ever the blood the old man or the girl crying to God from t grounds The sergeant mis'-ook the loc " They'll be buried," he said, gruffly. ' "] brought it on yerselves.'' And so led him the Federal camp, _<_., . ' MuNiciriLmr or PADDINGTON.-A meeting ot t munioipal eoncoll was held on friday, tba 30th July, seven' o'clock p.m.' Present -The. Chairman, ai Manera. Blamer, Humpr rey, Smith, and Steal. Minni of tl* privions meeting read- and confirmed. . Subi qa<nt correspondence read. The committee of floan biought up a report-That they had examined rai found oorreot the setersl aceounta annexed therel tots), £46 OJ 7d¿, and that the; recommend the samel payment. Motion made by Ur. Humphrey, seconde and affirmed-1. That snob, sum as may be necessary 1 plaoed in (ha treasurer's hands, for the put pose ot mee ingana claims of contractors Hellmrioh and Pieroe, < Saturday next, as determined by (he committee of wort 3\. That the sam of £15 , OJ. , 7J. be also plaoed in tl treasurer's hand'1, so soon as'tho state of the oount funds will permit, for the purpose of - ¿isoharging tl accounts now reported. The eboiiman reported progre oo behalf of the committee of works. The committee general purposes brought up a report-That, with . vi« to determine tbe q-eetion respecting the existence Gordon-street, referred to them on the Oth instant, th« bad carefully inspected the maps and plans in the offii of tba Sarveyor-Generai, but that they had been unab to discover any snob street as having benn actual laid out, or definitely projected, either io regard I width or diieotion, A report waa brought up on oeba of the treasurer-that pa Mannt to authority the folloi ing'ohequea (as stated): had been leaned since the pr. viona meeting; total, £80 10». lOd. Motion made b Mr. Humphrey, seconded sud affirmed-That the letti of Mr. Thomas Jarrett be referred to the oommittee i workB, with instructions to inspect the looality ooo plained cf, and report. Motion made by Mr. Humphrey seconded and affirmed-That the derk (Mr. Gale) hav leave to use Buch ooancil doaoroeots aa may be neocsBai to recover the amount of £37 3H. Od., overpaid to Mr: vi Tate, on' eontraot for kerb and Ratler oa tho Old Saut Head Bono? ; *>nd Mr: Blumer having lef< tbs coane! chamber, the Chairman adjourned the meeting for wai of . qabrnm st about nine o'clock p.m. The council rai again on Tneadsy, the âOih July, at seven o'olook p.n P/eBent- The Chairman, »nd Messrs. Blamer, Ham pbrey, Ljaoh, Smith, and Steel. Minâtes of thsprevion meeting reaS and confirmed. Subséquent oorrospondono rial. A report was brought upon behalf of the treasc fer-that, pursuant to authority, the following cheque (ts stated) bad been drawn sinoo the pievious meeting total, ,£78 fis. 3d. Motion made by Mr. Humphrt-j seconded and affirmed-That in reply to Mi. H. Stewart' letter ' of this date, the derk be in&truote; to invite Mr. Stewart to communicate wit tbe Seoratary for Lands in regard to tho desirabilit, of bating the right of way to his property defined a early as possible, with a view to the council aff jrdini reasonable considération ia the matter of his complain! when saoh woy eball*have been authoritatively deter mined. Aceount from Mr. Surveyor lungley for'layinj out levels of Underwood-Street; ¿a., submitted ; and oi motion of Mr. Lynch, referred to the committee o finance. A snpply of forms for notifying ooancil meet tags, being required for the office, 1000 copies thereof BB revised in tbe chairman's discrétion, ordered on motioi of Mr. B'.amer. Tbe draught of a petition, in referent to eeriain powers of the Sydney Corporation interferini with the corresponding powers of suburbau municipal!' ties, ordered to be,prepared,' upon the Std Jane list having been read,-motion made' hy Mr. Humphrey seconded ¿nd affirmed-1, That the .petition "now read be adopted, and signed by the ehairman, on bebal of tbh .oounoil, 3. That the chairman oornmunioatf with.John Sutherland, Esq., tbs member for ihe district informing him of the nature of the petition, and request- ing him to present the same to the IiPgialative Assembly and supp ir t the prayer thereof, ia bia place in Parlia men'. The Connell rose., . , ?'." . ÍATHEB DALY'S-AroLooT.-The Galway Yindtcatot : states that the following is an accurate copy of I'athoi I Daly's apology to Bishop M'Evilly :-I beg leave to expresi I my sincere regret in not having obeyed the mandate bf my I bishop, issued to mo on the 26th December last, which wai preceded by several letters of oatrcaty and remonstrance. 1 I nave niuo to express my sincere regret for having violated, I hythe public celebration of mass, and by hearing confession, I the saspeusioa inflicted cn me by my bishop. I regret having addressed the people on Sunday, January 5 , in the chapel of Boshy Park, and subsequently in this parish ohurch ol 1 St- Nicholle, on the subject of tho suspensión. I regret I the excitement created in the House of God, and in the j public streets, and as a minister of religion 1 conjure those i who behaved irreverently in presence of the Blessed b'acra ! ment to make reparation for tho insults offered to our Blessed Lord in the sacrament of Iiis love. I desire to ei I press my entire disapprobation of the uso of language ! derogatory to the office and authority of my bishop, and ot j any line of conduoo or form of expression on the part of any I person whomaoerer calculated to coerce or overawe those whom alone the Holy Ghost has appointed to .'govern the ' Church of God, in tho free exercisa of that authority con Itided to them by the exercise of Et. Peter, the supreme visible head of God's Church, the Vicar of Christ npon earth. I do hereby request of my bishop, in virtue of tba powers specially delegated to him by tbe Apostolic See, to absolve rae from the suspension he inflicted on me,' aad I the ; irregularities I incurred by ita violation -Signed, j' .PITER DALT. 1 TBS LUSH GLINT.-The Newry Telegraph, referring to j the death of Murphy, says : - James Murphy was a native of .Killowen, nea? Rostrevor, in the County Down. He waa the [ youngest of. two brothers ; left for England when about i seventeen or eighteen, and he obtained work at the Liver ¡ípool docks as a labourer. Here it was that his strong mus , eu'ar frame commenced to develop itself, and, by the j. active employment which he followed, his proportions were ' increased.] Before he had completed His twentieth year, I he stood seven feet high, and weighed twenty stone. At i length he proponed .doing the work of two men if he {jot two men's wages, which he readily obtained. But on easier and more lncrative calling presented itsolfin the shape of an . engagement with an hotel-keeper, as waiter, into which he entered ; sad, by bis pleasing and affable manner, together with his extraordinary size, he attracted many visitors. Bnt Murphy's mind expanding itself iu proportion with his body, he becsme weary of tho sameness of his life, and re- solved to vary it by the ever-changing eceneâ of a Continental tour. Having traveliad through all the prin- cipal countries of Europe, enjoying the company and conversation of the highest and best educated men in tbe different places in wt ich ho sojoaraod, ho returned to his native village a highly accomplished gentleman, and so enriched by tho gitts of thoso who patronised him that he pnrchased a little property at Killowen, which .he left a short time since for another toar through Europe. While staying at Marseilles, ho wai seized with the small-pox, 'and died in his 26th year, being about twenty-four atone weight, and within a few inches of nine feet high. We are informed by the Qa fette da Midi that bis body is to W era s aimed ead seat to Ult Uwemn ii Natani History in Pana. ? ?. 