CONTINENTAL NEWS. [l'ROM OUR PARIS CORRESPONDENT] Paris, May 3, 1862. THE cold weather, unusually sharp oven for a Vari« April, fioni which wo bavo been suffering, has suddenly given way to an almost slimmer-like beat. Vogetation has leapt at onco (o a verv rcspeotablo state of groeuory, the air is fragrant with blootoins, tho Bois do Boulogno ¡H roaplondont with sunshine and spring toilettes, and those who aro not off to |tba London Exhibition, which was opened yesterday 1 in so brilliant a style, are preparing either to cross tho ( Channel at no distant data, or to migrate to the country, us i tho case may bo. Tho Japanese ambassadors have loft France, where they have been petted to the top of their bent by the Euipeior,tfurnished with his own carriages and servants, and escorted about in ovory direction. Wo hoar that tboy asked for an escort on reaohing London, and taut this cheap gratification of thoirsenso of dignity WAS refused, OB the ploa that the English Court is now in mouraiug. It is to bo regretted that English statesmen usually Uko so very little pains to conciliate the fooling* and win tho sym- pathies of the foreigners who oome to visit the «rent king- doms of the West. Our power, and the vast aotivity of our people, will no doubt be duly appreciated by those visitors, but why should thoy take home a report of our courtesy an lees than that of our neighbours across the Channel ? The Queen ef Holland is hore, winning " golden opinions" in overy quarter in which sho shows her handsome, intelli- gent, and kindly face. ! The Empress has just founded an institution called " The Society of file Prince Imperial," which is to obtain weekly subscriptions of fifty centimes (twopence-halfpenny Eng- lish) from children and young people ; the money thuj raised is to form a fund out of whioh loans are to be mado to industrious but needy workmen, for the purchaso of tools, materials, or for aid in any spécial and pressing omergenoy. Tho Empress, and any number of £4 subscribers, are to be called *' Foundors ;" tho littlo Prince is the patron of the affair, the Archbishop of Paris Is its first president, and vice-presidents, lady patrone wes, and subscripttonoomiuitteos are to bo named by the Empress all over the empire. Subscriptions will, of course, bo received from people of all ages ; but it is hoped that tho great body of tho sub wribers will bo children, who will thus bo associated with tho "heir of the Napoleons" in a vory excellent oharity, to the proba- ble increase of sympathy with the future Emperor on the part of the rising generation. Tho idea hal become «t once very popular, and gifts and subscriptions are rapidly flowing in, the Imperial papa and mamma of tho patron of tho " Children's Loans to Labour" having sont in a dona tirn of £4000 by way of a beginning. The French Government nas sent M. Coulvier-Gravier to establish stations nt various points of tho country, for the making of meteorological observations, which will bo ex- changed with thosomado by Admiral Fitzroy through tho Astronomic Board of Paris. Meantime Profossor Collas, of Havro, is to communicate with the English " Board of Weather," and convey duo warning of approaching gales to tho French coasts. Count Porsigny is about to doveloço tho system of prison labour,-fitting up largo workshops in tho prisons of oach departmental clieflien ; and to those prisons will bo trans- ferred ull the criminals of each department, who may have been sentenced to tlireo months' imprisonmont. Tho Minis- ter of tho Interior justifies this measure, on thedoublo ground of tho reformatory influonco of labour*on tho crimi- nal, thus taught a trade which may enable him to earn an honest livelihood on his release ; ami on tho diminution of tho cost of tho prisons to tho State, which will bo lightened by tho proceeds of convict labour. Count and Countess Pereigny-who havo cono over to London ior the opening of the Exhibition, nnd will mako tho great Babel their head- quarters through tho London season-aro so fond of Eng- land, of the English tongue, habits, society, and people, tint they havo really raised a good deal of ill-1'ooiing hero against themselves, by this cordial and kindly appreciation of tho neighbours agaiUFt whom so much bitterness ia still felt by tho mass of the French people. In their Paris household they have soven English nursemaids and other confidential servants; tho children havo an English lady as governess, and Bpoak English as well as their own tongue. Tho amount of jealousy and anger excited by the strength of tho Anglican eloinont in their establishments, even in tho minds of educated persons who really might bo expected to be a littlo lees petty and unreasonable in their partiality for thomsolvcs nnd their country, is at tnco surprising and amusing. Experiments and investigations in cannon and iron-ships aro going on hero as busily and energetically as in England. The Go- vernment is understood to havo purehaeod two of Whit worth's guns, for experimentation ; the range at'Vi ícennos being insufficient, theso new acquisitions have been sent to tho School of Altillo? at La Fore, in Picardy. The Frenh Admiralty arc reported to havo declared themselves in possession of a now mako for cannon, enabling them to senda ball through fifteen inches of iron-plate, oquivalont to six iron- shoatbod YOBEBIS ! Howover this may be, it is cer- tain that the picked corps of 400 mon constituting the famous troop of tho Cent Gardes, are furnished witina new breach-loading mousqueton, that has pierced nn iron pltite of a certain thickness j a leat whioh tho rifled muskets of the sharpshooters of Vincennoa had failod to accomplish. The ball of this effectivo wi-apon boin«: Buiall boro, the Govern- ment is conHdoiing whethor it may not be possible to arm the French soldiers with weapons of suiallor calibre than those now in use. Of the Imperial intentions towards Mexico tho French public knows nothing; and the mostopposito conjectures are daily hazarded upon tho subject. The Emperor's letter to the Spanish General, a personal friond of his Majesty, throws no light on the subject ; and it is doubtful how far wo nuy accept as ollicittl M.. Michel Chevalier's paper in the Berne des Liux Afondes, declaring it to bo tho "mission" of Franco to "roscuo from anarchy and ruin ono of the richest countries of tho world" by sitting the Arcliduko Maximilian on tho now throne, and keeping him there, if necessary, by French bayonets, until Mexico bo reconciled to its new regime. Tho same doubt oxists as to tho Empe- ror's intentions in regard to tho recognition of the Con- federate Slates. But tor the earnest and reiterated dissut sion» of tho English. Government, backed by all tho per- sonal influence ol the Queen and hor late Umanted consort, tho Emperor would have made this recognition at tho com- mencement of tho Btrugglo, a fact which I loam from a quarter in which any misapprehontion on the point is Bioa ply impossible. The Emporor's old and vala«d friend, Senator Piotri, one of the fow thoroughly honest men who aro to bo found in publie life in this "easy going" country, where morality is scarcoly affected to bo thought of in connection with politics, has just como out with a pamphlet entitled " French Polioy and tho Italian Question," m which ho sets forth, with great vigour, and yet ampler reason, the conclusions which ho advocated in his famous speech of last winter on the santo subject. He argues that the French occupation can nover obtain tho consent of the Pope to the recognition of the new kingdom, that it is a flagrant violation of tho prin- ciple of non-intervention, and of the right of tho Italian people to decide on their own affairs and to occupy their natural capital ; and urges tho Emperor to bo consistent with his past notion for Italy, to withdraw from Romo, and to leave tho Italians to complete in their ewn way, the work of organisation they havo bogun and carried on with such admirable unity of effort, perseverance, magnanimity, and BUCCCEB. It is now tolerably certain that tho influence of M. de Lavalette is in the ascendant ; and hois said, by his per- sonal friends, to be in a state of such beaming satisfaction ns plainly indicates his own private belief that tho affairs of Romo aro at length " marching " towards tho solution which ho has always advocated, viz.-the ovaouation of Rome by the French, thus leaving tho Italian Cabinet and the Pope to moko thofc own terms with ono anothor. Tho King's Government ia prepared to mako tho most ample concessions to t.o Chief of the Catholic Church in all that concerns ecclesiastical matters. M. do Lavetta considers that the union of temporal aud spiritual powers in the samo hand, having been practically re- pudiated in nil the other European States, the Italians ought not to be debarred from following the example of their neighbours ; and that, if the Pope cannot consent to live in Rome unless as its king, it would bo better to trans- plant tho seat of tho Papacy to Jerusnlom, the only logioal head-quarters of tho Christian faith. The bolief that theso views ai o gaining ground at tho Tuileries would seom to bo confirmed by the fact that Goneral do Guyon his boon K_t for by the Emperor, whether for tho purpose of c in- ference morel}', or as a prelude to his definitivo recall, it would, a? yet, bo prcmatu» to conjecture. Iho presence of one of the two national idols in Southern Italy is meantime calling for the popular demonstration at every point of his progress, so hearty, so enthusiastic, that ono would suppose they must close the mouths of the Nermanbys and de Boi6sy's of ovory lory and reactionary coterio throughout Europe. The Royal progress has been, in fact, a constant succosssion uf ovations that might bo callod frantic were it not for tho unmiBtakeablo character of ardent, grate- ful, rejoicing affection, loyalty, and confidence in the chivalrous and patriotic sovereign under whoso banner the Italians havo accomplished tho most unanimous and ¡mpobing act of nationality ever performed by any peo- ple. Such being the sentiment of tho vast ui»jority of tho inhabitants of the fair Peninsula whoso charms will no longer, let us hope, call forth the pitying regret of her poet lovers as " tho fatal gift of beauty ., it is not strange that the mnlevolent misropresentatiens of n. fraction of the Eng- lish and French Pros« should be indignantly resented in It aly. 1 have just Beon a letter from Florence, addressed to a friend in this city, a gentleman bolonging to one of tho oldest and most influential families of Tuscany, Bovell of whose members occupy seats in tho Senate and tho Cham- ber of Deputies-a family which has rendered wgnol services to tho work of unification and at a heavy peuuaiary eacrifico, ns it held a Government monopoly that nacos. forily ceased with the downfall of tho Grand-Duko, and whoso extinction involved a loss of eight millions of franca. Tho writer of tho letter in erueation is, moreover, a inoinbor of the municipal coimcil of Florence, a Colonel of (he Militia, in which capacity he served at tho head ef his company at the siego of Gaota, an active promoter of the Italian Exhibition of last autumn, and now named a special commissioner for the London Exhibition ; a man by positien and sympathy intimately connected with tho great resurrectionary movement now working itself out in Italy, and representing the feeliogs and wishes of the vost majority of his countrymen. Ho writes-" I nm often greatly annoyed at reading what Tory correspondents write from Southern Italy and from Rome to j our London journals ; mere tissues of shameful false- hoods imposed upon tho good but gullablo British public, r.nd in a strain as ' free and easy ' as if what they state were really the truth. I do believe that, when au English- man stoops to bo a liar, there aro few of any othor nation t)»t eau vvsie up te hil».'' Jle «flOs, " %ty fciftff «r/.ved hero at noon on the 23rd instant. I attended the roooption as officer of the stuff. Ho looked vory well, and ural ia such brilliunt health and spirits that I almost thought him handsome. Ho appeared at the races, whioh wout off in first-rate stylo on our beautiful Cascino, under a magnifi- ant sky, sud surrounded by verdant scenery. Hu \rill soon bo in Naples, and somothing will then, no doubt, Uko place." From Gaeta, tho King, with his brilliant suite, sailed for Naples in his favourite steam frig.tto, tho Maria Adelaida, named for his docoasod Quoen, and attended by hor UBUHI onsort, tho Duka di Gonova. The royal steamer was escorted by two Italian and throo French frigates, had a splendid passage, and was roctuvo.l nt Naples with an enthusiasm th»t, according to all accounts, " baffles description." Tho wholo city wai iu the streets; flags, flowers, and vivas evorywhere. Tho King drovo slowly through tho orowd ia an opun carrUgo, welcomed at evory btup as only an 1 Ullin orowd oaa wal- I come, to tho royal palace, whoro ho was otmpulled to show himself half a aozon times. Illuminations, grand dinuors, ssrenndes, »ddi esses from all tho neighbouring to wns, aro tho ordirof the day. The royal pilaooboin¿ justnuwr undergoing repairs, the King sleeps at a vilU at I'au silippo, but is at Naples in the day-timo. At tho taoitros, tbo races, in tho streets, the popular demonstrations aro I incessant. I The King, naturally frank and outjpokon, soomi at tho i present timo to bo allowed by his Ministers to " havo his I Pay" to his hfart's content. Beforo leaving Turin ha cou- ? vorecd with great freedom, at his last rocoption, with tho senators, deputies, and other notabilities about him ; du claredbis belief that the year would pass ovor without tram, * unless Austria cave some provocation, .' whick it was not probsblo that sho would do,'' and ? alluded to thoEtnpsror Napoleon as " the one true friend on whom Italy c-m rely," 1 ana " to whom Italy did not yet know the oxtont of nor obligations." At his reception, in Gonoa, he was even more explicit, declaring hin conviction that ovary diy wu bringing nearer tho peaocful solution ef oxisingdiltlcuUius. "We can afford to wait awhile for the roaoinDtioa of Venetia ; but I have groat hope that Rome, which is our meet pressing need, will bo ours beforo the oloss of 1862," said the King, in tho hearing of all about him. Now as it is perfeotly cortain that Ratuzzi is in clo-o and atnie iblo communication with tho singular man whom the King bas just characterised, and with too tnuoli truth, " as the one friend on whom Italy cm roly," ond it is equally cortain that tho King, who is con- stitutional in the Btrongost and fullest sunBB of thn term, and gives himsolf up with the most single-hearted docility to the guidance of his Ministers, would not publicly uttor a syllablo without the warrant of his Cabinet, it is difffoult to avoid the inference that, if the Kins; havo thus spoken, ho has done so with tho knowledgo aud consent of his Imperial ally. In which casa, tho general bolief that Roiao will soon bo in the hands of tho Italians, can hardly fail of re- ceiving a speedy justification dt facto. Ratszzi is accompanied not only by his private secrotiry, but by twenty clerks of tho Ministry of tho Intorior (mostly Neapolitans), and is incessantly occupied in examining all points connected with the needs and interests of the Neapolitan provinces. Tho French and English Ministers aro in attendance on tho King: several other diplomatic personages hivo also accepted the Roj al invitation, and will romain in Naples during the Royal stay. Two battalions of Gonoeso Volunteers havo boon mobilised by a Royal decroo, and aro proceeding, under the command of Mcnotli Garibaldi, and equipped by the State, to assist in tho combined action now being brought to hoar against the brignnds. Tho French aro also acting with great vigour against tho brigands that aro bolng constantly sent out from Romo; BO that tho nofarious system by which (ho ex-King has been ablo to inflict as much injury on those who havo thrown off the yoke of his dynasty, is at length in a fair way of being brought to on end. Said Pacha, the enlightened and Europoanisod Vicoroy of Egypt, has reached Messina, where ho was rueoived with tho honour due to his rank, and whonco ho was pro paring to proceed to Naples. His HighnesB will visit Paris, London, and probably somo of the other European capitals The town of Bologna has juBt inaugurated, with great solemnity, its monument to tho eminent Minister of Finance, EO regrettcdly assassinated (most probably by tho agents of Austria) whilo carrying out tho reforms granted by Pió Nono during his brief attempt to instituto constitu- tional government, so speedily brought to griof by the Evil Genius of Catholicism in theeo days, the civilian.Cardiuul Antonelli. At this ceremony, at which woro prosont the sons of the murdered statesman, all tho locar aigultariea, and tho^ Commandor Buoncompagni, the latter romarked that " in tho assassination of tho ominent son of Bologna, Italy was the victim, and not tbo criminal ;" and addod, " The shado of tho great economist will rejoice ovor the pro sent ceremony, as ho must have boon angerod at hearing his name invoked by our enemies ia ordor to calumniate Haly." Private letters from St. Petersburg state that ths Ministry, beginning to porcoive the critical state of public feeling in Russia, have determined, on the one hand, to hasten tho operations for the purohase of land for the liberated sorfa ; on the other, to accede to the genoral demand for the crea- tion of a National Representative Assembly. If this latter statement bo correct, it is impossible to ovorralo the im- portance of the chunga of régime which will result from this determination. The principal item of news wo have from Switzorland is afforded by the legal tribulations of a poor dovil at Zug, who being found guilty by ono of tho local tribunals of having stolen, killed, and eaten a cat, has been sentenced 1\. To pay tho costs of his imprisonment ¡previous to trial ; 2\. To two days' impriaonmout on broad and water ; 3 To receive thirty blows with a stiok ; 4. To remain for four j ears under nirreillance in his own parish ; 5, To bo in- scribed in the " Black List" of his canton ; 6. To remain for ten years under the watch of tho police ; 7. To pay tho cost of his journey homo; 8. To pay all other oxponses of hie trial and punishment ; 9. To givo a new cat to the owner of his victim. The imposition of the new Portuguese taxes has lod to a trifling riot at Oporto, promptly quieted by tho authorities. Tho young King has modo a public announcement of his approaching marringe. Baden has taken a farther step in tho right direction, by removing all disabilities weighing on its Jewish population, who are now placed on a perfect equality with the members of tho Christian sects. All Germany, like tho rest of our enlightened Europe, is busy with discussions on iron plated frigates ; and as tho mania has reached even the inland country, we may possibly witness tho edification of tho ghost of Shakspeare by estimates of ships of this class for " tho coasts of Bohemia." Bavaria, however, has followed tho example of France, Austria, and Italy, and has reduced her Lillipution army in a similar proportion. The Prussian elections havo issued in the rotura of a Chamber still more decidedly liberal than its predecessor. Every liberal member of the dissolved Chamber has been re-elected, and the friends of progress have carried tho day at many points, which, in the late Assembly, were repre- sented by men of retrograde opinions. This result will naturally increase the popularity of tho Crown Prince, who leans very decidedly to the side of constitutional pro- gress. 'The King is a mere martinet in feeling and ideas ; is always surrounded by soldiers, and sees everything through their medium. 'Tho Crown Prince is more fortu- nate in his advisers ; and numbers among his confidential counsellors some of tho most learned,, enlightened, and sagacious men of tho day. Max Duncker, late Professor of History at tho University of Halle, whose views are con- sidered to have thrown so much light on the political, social, and moral status of tho pre-Roman and pre-Grecian nations, is charged to report to him constantly on the poli- tical and historical bearings of current events ; while Pro- fessor Brunemann,is charged to report to him from an equally wide and elevated point of view on tho nature and bearing of all administrative affairs. A little common sense seems sorely wanting in a country like Prussia, which nobody dreams of attacking, and which nevertheless, has reached an army establishment of 212,000 men as its footing for peace, and 410,000 as its footing for war. The new and splendid "Museum of Napoleon III." composed of the Campana and other collections of antiquities, und one of tho richest and most interesting extant, is just opened, gratis, to an admiring public, aud will doubtless be regarded by future generations as one of the noblest mo mentos of this reign. The Museum of Natural History, meantime, is in deep distress at the loss of its crocodile. The interesting brute has been kept in a box lined with zinc, the Museum not possessing a tank big enough for him, and his premature decease is attributed to tho in- sufficient allowance of mud and water to which he has been restricted. On opening his body, bits of twigs and roots were found in it, that he must have swallowed when a denizen of his native Nile, twenty years ago. 'Thu Acclimatisation Society is as much elated as its sister is the reverse : a splondid speoimon of tho llhodoicndron I'alconerii, brought to Europe from the Hinulaya hy Dr. Hooker, being in full flower, laden with gigantic loaves and snowy, fragrant blossoms, which the Empress and hulf the ! gay world of Paris have been visiting with great admira- tion. Saturday, May 10th. It would be hard to imagino a moro detestable, spring than the ono wo aro now undergoing in this brilliant capital ; the thermometer doing nothing but jump from the top to .the bottom of tho scale, and back again, to the dismay of its victims, and the satisfaction only of the doctors, who must bo making monoy by tho rheumatisms, soro throat«, and grippes thus engendered. One day we find ourselves, lifted to tho neighbomhood of 90', and on the point of voting clothing to be a superfluity; the next, we are brought down to the levol of winter cloaks and fur tippets, and our hopes of strawberries and peaches at some- thing lees than winter prices, so sanguine throe weeks ago, aro postponed until next year. The King of Holland seems to be enjoying his visit to tho Tuilenea as fully as his handsome and intelligent Queen. His Majesty is a connoisseur in horseflesh, and his first visit, on reaching this city, was to the Imperial stables, considered to be tho complotent and best managed in Eurepo. Ho was particularly delight witb tho horses of the Norman breed, BO famous iu former times, wh«n they used frequently to be sent as gifts to foreign Court« by the French Kings. The Emperor has given much encouragement to the brooding of these horses, of which he possesses several magnificent specimens. His Dutch Majesty has an equally keen eye fur pretty face», and has acquired a reputation as the most sy»toma*io and unscrupulous Lotburio of his little kingdom, that goos a good way towards explaining tho want of domestic, harmony so notoriously existing between himself and his charming and excellent wife. Tho Dutch journals are donying the truth of tho report« current hero as to the probable marriage or the Trinco of Orange and Princess Anna Murat; of which denial, newspapers not being absolutely infallible, wo nhall U9 tolbl b? nftle to taftke n more correct estimate by and. by, í as may bo remarked, with equal truth, of thai^T mtentionto .ecogniso the Confoaerate Stat«Ä1 American Ut ion, se widely ourrent here »n/ f thl contradicted by the Federal journal», "wh^ !M¡W SOT" " t0 Eiohmond "»* «» ÄSg_ More Catholic ecclesiaHicB of high ranV.» travel] ng towards Romo than could hw bl« probably, on any previous occasion. Cardia "" Jins inst sailed from Marseille., and the Z Wlfl biduna nndblshops ia swelling from «orTAfí« I ho imperial Government, which at «_, M*?fc the proposed visit ot the French prolate« a,*»*-1 possible dongcr, but which has now, b1Ä^ pression of the all-powerful Society of m v?*l Paul, rendered itself immeasurably atronar ¡O leen at any former period, ha« at list rivTt,«1 th. fe gentlemen to assist at tho famous cem_S_ «ill tako place on Thursday next. No T H lmaginoBlliHt this ceremony U an; thing mirari," text for the assemblinçof _nW¿_e_ íwH will bo discussed matters of grave import to VÍ regard the retention of tho Pope', témpora ¿.* to the intoreBtB of the Catholic faith. EvenC« u uatlngthn " gravity of the situation," ZZà o (ho lending Cathoho prelates within hor bKl their brethren at Rome, the Government »IMS a sum of 9000 roubles to defr.y the oxpXT Tho demonstrations of loyalty and ' iM, to tho Itali m King become, if nowibkj enthusiastic from day to day. H, detailed accounts we now have of the tecA Victor Emmanuel on his arrival in Naples, aotoali» tho fact of its having surpassed in warmth, oarnoii« nfiectionuto devotion,' any of tho receptions gitcn (¡f, tiuics by other cities to the sovereign of the popaUi¿ but ^ow it to have been, as a speotacle, as splesjj was imposing, whon regarded as thospontansouui, nimius expression of the popular will. The fettig kept up, in Neapolitan stjle, for three days «j ¡ nights The French fleet have given a «»Milpa simulating a sea fight, that was viewed with¿tj admiration and delight by the whole population olR assembled on tbo shores of its unrivalled Bay, ajji, natcd, as tho night carno on, withamanelloaidié Bongil lights, showing the Frenoh and Italian ti The King next day gave a grand banquet, it »Hi officers of the French and English fleots, the diploor leading politicians, distinguished foreigners, and m of Neapolitan society were present. Balls, dinnm. j tations, and every form of publie rejoioing are ilt'llp» the King visiting all the points of interest and injun in the neighbourhood of Naples, and being welccstj unflagging enthusiasm in thom all. A law dinu dro\o, unottendeá, and in plain olothec, along thebi ful promenade of the Chiago. No SOOÎÏ hispicsenco perceived than all tho equipages of the a seemed to ha\o been gathered, as if by magie, In tht of the Royal cariiago, forming an immenso procwiia, abreast, and containing all the beau monde of Nipls, followed tho King in the utmost order, throijh drive, amidst a denso hedge of rejoicing NcapoliUuj exalted fortunes, smiling, shouting, tossing their hie waving their handkorchiefs, and showering ever; lui tilo benediction on tho King, who is equally belan] hiB personal qualities, and adored as the symbol LI! luina of Italian unity. 1 he King continuos to make the same frank rp that havo given riso to so much speculation sijtt k Turin. When ho received the senators anddepjtai represent (be Neapolitan cities and communs ,n National Parliament, bo expressed, in his usual iu¡i cordial way, his gratitude for the magnificent t£ that had been given him, remarked that it was Unite of his Government to givo a great'impulse to »¿ publio utility in that region, and added "The j! security has not yet beon entirely re-established, in a quenco of Romo having becorno a centre of oonepiritj, be assured that tho French aro quite as desirouiolq; Romeas the Italians can bo ofhaviag their c ipili!. fir James Hudson has Bpent a week ¡in fc and is again in Naples. Of all the minister« aotn; to his Court, tho able, upright, and EUI diplomatist who has so worthily roprosentod Great I: during the evolution of the Great Italian drama of OBI appears to bo tho one for whom the King, lito fe lumentcd Count Cavour, entertains tho warmest ps regard. All sorts of rumonrs aro current ro resignation of Mcnotti Garibaldi as tho loader of iii regiments of Genoese volunteors, whose departure li district most infested by tho brigands is countermanM letter from Garibaldi to the officer who waa to have Iii second placo in command of the expedition, ora if ii tie, throws no light on this inexplicable chango of pla Two moBt audacious outrages have j use been pen« in the now kingdom, one at Sassa in Sardinia, the oil Genoa. It seems that threo convicts, under eenie; death for tho same crime, were confined ia the esme« the prison of Sassa. These men a few days ego iib the jailer that thoy had determined to mate imp revelations to the authorities ; and tho Attorney-Ge Signor Costa, was occordingly sent for to receive llu| fered depositions. No sooner had this gentlemuB tho cell in question than the three tot who had contrived to possess tliemselrc weapons, sprang on tho turnkeys, puehed ' out of the coll, locked the door, declared that thejd hold Costa as a hostage, until they received a come; of their sentence, and swore that tho latter should» taken out of tho cell alive unless this demand was«: with. The authorities, unablo to decide what theji do, telegraphed to Turin for instructions. "Mabv mises, but enfnrco the laws," wore tho orders flute! from Turin. It appears that the Attoraoy- Oeiien rescued, somehow or other, from his critical position! course of the following day ; but of the manuel deliverance wo have as yet no particulars. Tho second of these daring attempts is one of tis extraordinary feats ever chronicled in the annalid glary. The well-known bank of Messrs. Pnrod! as! situated in the Strada Nuova, one of tho busioäUuli crowded thoroughfares of Genoa, was entoredin broii light, ut half-past ono o'clock in the afternoon of Sit latt, by a bnnu of twenty armed robbora, who mihi way into the establishment in groups of two anJ thus avoiding the creation of any sun on the part of the porter and other i "»ante of tho establishment. The banking of this firm are situated in tho upper floor of thsfc,' _ alazzo occupied by tho Parodi family. The robben,! ing succeeded in gotting into theso ofilcos without ¡is suspicion, suddenly produced their weapons, andoverT lind (¡ed all tho clerks and the heads of the firm, win! pened to be assembled in ono largo room. A put i band mounted guard over their prisoners, with pill« drawn swords, threatening all who should open tis with instant death, while tho others ransacked lhatf taking all the cash and notes they could lay theil li on. Several customers, who onterod the offioes »li extraordinary scene was going on, were seized, boutli threatened BB tho peoplo of tho bank had been. Thill of the rooms seems to have been accomplished ia this leisurely and effective manner ; and when tho ecci_ had deposited in their pockets all tho money tttjc find, thoy took their departure, as (hey had entered, it I and threes, and got off without the loast difficulty. Iii not until the lapso of nearly an hour after their ($1 the bankors and their clerks were released, whei e them succeeded in working himself looso of tilt tures by which he had been bound, wir the alarm to the servants and to the fi Even hnd any of the persons BO summarily reduedo? sivity dared to cry out for help, it is tolerably catii« the cry would not have been heard by the porte« al ground- floor; but tho delay allowed the robbentiS good their efcape, with their booty, now oflleial!ji-¡ to amount to no less than 8l0,000f. The moite endeavours aro being marte to discover tho thieves. I of them, having 300,000f. in their possession, 1' just been taken on board a packot-ship in the 0 Spezzia ; but no cluo has yet been obtained to the oils Prince Napoleon is about to visit his father*!« Naples ; tho Egyptian viceroy has left that city, «h his way to the Tuileries. Tho Pope, and Francis II., it ia confidently sW private letters, have mado nil thoir preparations foti»* Rome at a moment'« notico; ond havo determined,Jj tho period of their unwilling oxodm arrives, to qt»1 Hternsl City togother. It is rumoured that the J intends to make Malta his place of refuge ; and u» ex-King will go to Bavaria. The triumph ef the Liberal party ia the late Pnu elections is complete. Not ono member of the Cite elected : the Catholic party has lost many meamti}' all the formor representatives of Borlin havo beonsjtt turned, with the exception of one of retrogrado omi) who is replaced by a partisan of progress. The now Pula" is convened for tho 21st instant ; it is bolieved tau King, in his opening speech, will announce the otu» cognition of the Kingdom of Italy. The Natioaiw has held two sittings at Nuremberg ; it ia said to w 21,000 members, and to have ample funds at ltsatep Among other resolutions adopted on this oocasioo> »* which provides that, as the present Government of rn does net enjoy the confidence of the association, tW raised by it for the German fleet, and which it wup« to commit to Prussia, shall bo held by tho assocUtio»« they sholl bave received some other destination. It is believed thut tho King of the Belglani, desp* painful and dangorous malady whioh is causing « * uneasiness in tho public mind, has written to the well BJ ing, but narrow and pedantic King of Prussia, argus«1 conciliation towards his Parliament and people. Things are not monding in Hesso, where the Ble*"1 imposed such unconstitutional restrictions on thoMW" tho electoral franohiso by his subjoots, that tho Utter w they will abfltain from voting if their precious "«ice«" not change his tactics, Austria and Prussia, WB»« viouely urged their obstinate oousin to act consttwnw (an amuBing piece . of advice when offered t>7 counsellors), have renewed their remonstrances » more pressing form, and say that they OT r selves insulted by the Eloctor's Vff^f^A course from which they have tried BO hard*.»>,"?" him. The Hessian Minister has received tharjoB»'! sage with becoming politeness, but " reserved hu rep». Tho Assembly of German Jurisconsults hM,"î annual meeting at Dresden, where it has been flw«£ various important points of civil law. The most ewj luwjeiBof Gormany are numbered among the"meo» this society, whioh, by invitation from the nop Austria, will hold its next meeting in Vienna. J" & mercial treaty between the Zollverein and F1*""^ Íentcd to by the principal States, is still violently»^ by some i.f the minor ones. Symptoms of yiela^^ bera eliown bj Wflrtorahniff and others, a dol»î «(i ' nos been decided on, m conjrnctien with the Emperor ] Jf npolcon, with a view to ohainiug the consent of tho States hitherto opposed to tho «doption of tho treaty. Austria has cut down vnr»us items of her budget, and will now bo represented at other courts only by 3 auibussa der», 1 internuncio, 1 minmi r, 24 diplomatio agents, and 3 charges d'affaires , 30 consul-generals and 3 general agencies, 33 consuls, 29 vice consulB 60 consular charges, and 13 agents The anny ÍB to bo at onco reduced by U000 infantry and 2000 cavalry M.doPloner, who resolutely refuses to íesuo any moro State paper money, and inHBts on meeting tho neods of the exehoquor by taxation is so embittered by tho opposition of his colleagues that ho is said to bo meditating his resignation M Dobriiur, a well known pamphleteer, has published a hochme, in which ho gives a detailed account of tho pecuniary dallis of Austria , nnd undertakes to show, with tho aid of» great i rrny of figures, that Austria imposes n lighter taxation per hood on her subjects, than any other Europe»" country, and possesses a filmer and surer hasis for financial pros peruj tlinu any of her sister Btates During tho late dis- cussion on foreign affairs m tho Roitlisnitb, Count elo Rcchberg declared that "Austria will iiideavour to hold, in Germnnj, tho position to which she is cntitlod, and as to Italy, herpohc), Bince 18ß9 is merely defensive Iho Euir eror tnkcB much interest in tbo formation of a body of light ca\nlrj, whoso ngiht) and swiftness nro said to bo astounding Tho dress and accoutrements of this corps aro made as light nnd manageable as possiblo, as aro also the trappings of its horses Great numbers of Hungarians aro f nid to bo deserting from the arm} of Vonetia, and crossing tho Italian lines The feood and enlightened young Empress, who may fairly It counted as something in tho constitutional path on which hor husband has entered, ia said to ha\o entirely regained hor hoalth and her beauty, thnnltB to the genial clnnut? of Coi fu Mondav, May 19 The principal item of political news dunn¿ tho pout week, comes to us lrom Mexico, whoro tho determination of tho French commanders to break off negotiations with the existing Government, had induced the commanders of tho Engh h and bpanieh contingents to withdraw from tho enterprise, whicmsnow entirely in tho hands of theTronch Beforo retiring from Mexico, General Prim opposed, m tho Council, the determination arrivi d at by M do bulignj, declaring bis new programme to bo a departure from tho basis laid down for tho conduot of the expedition by the Treaty of London, and stating thit ho Bhould feel obliged, in the event of this programme being carried out, to loave the countrj with his troops, and await fresh instructions from his government Iho French chiefs repliod that frcEh insults and outrages had been attempted ly the Government of Junrez, that they wore determined to protect General Almonte and the other Mexican exiles who had invoked tho protection of the Trench flag, that thoy refueod to tro.it willi Juarez, and were prepared, if the Allies left them «lone to go on with the enterpnso by thomselves Tho British and ¡spanish forces then withdrew, the former re embnrking for England, tho latter for tho Havannah On their departure tho French commander published a mani- festo, declaring war against the Juarez Government ami colling on tho Mexieans to rally round his standard, and md him m freeing their country from a iLgtmc that was causing its ruin. It IB said that the landholders, capitalists, and leading commercial Hicn^ro unanimously m favour of tho proposed change in the form of Government, that thev have formed a Provisional Government undor General Almonte, and that a plebiscite ia being organised, with tho aid of tho Trench, to tnko placo with the least possible delay It is believed, both hero and in Mexioo, that tho French Emperor's intention is unchanged, und that the Archduke Maximilian is tho favoured candidate to whom the new throne is to bo offered 1 ho character, constitu- tional sjmpnthiea, and antecedents of tho nrchduko arc all m favour of tho bdief that ho would make an txcollont soTcreign for tho rich but distracted country over which he is to be invited to reign Ihot Mexico would bo greatly tho garner hy such a chango, if raado with tho full consent of her pooplo, is equally pro- bable The only doubtful point in tho Emperor's clever Bchcme for proventing tho sef/uro of Mexico by its unscrupulous northern neighbours is pro cisely, the amount of Bympathy which it may command among tho Mexicans The state of the country is such, confessedly, (hit any change must probably bo for the I better , and the balance of evidence would an near, thus f u, to favour tho inference that tho majority <&% ho Mexicans jill declaro for n monarchy, and for 0.e Archduko Maximilian Tho King and Queen of Holland, who aro bchovod to have been much gmtihod with tho cordiality of their rocop tionat tho Tuileries, aro now succeeded by tho Egyptian \iccroj, Said Pasha, who, with his nophew and heir, tho young lassoun Pacha, si n of the lato Vicoroy, is at present the guest of tho sovereign, who is so busily employed m his dictatorship in undermining absolutism in Church nnd State, and using tho splendid attractions of his Court and capital m dcs'rojmg the last remnants ot the old f ishioned ptsltgcoi royalty, by giving his people a surfeit of kingly and princely presences, and showing the most oxaltod por sontgeB of the ruling order to bo mero ordinary mortals, not aluaysvcry impofing when seen f-ico to face Tho Viceroy ÍB plump nnd affable, quite disposed to enioy his tour, speaks trench fluontl), and is quick at repartee When aekedif his voyage had been an ngreoablo ono, ho ropliod, " Not altogether so , wo took in coals at Naploa and at Civita Vecchia, and the Papal and Italian combustibles could not agree, which caused us Bomo dolay " Iho Duke of Brabant, recalled from his sojourn m Spam by the senouB illness of King Leopold has also bcou hero Be stajed, however, but a few hours, just long enough to admit of an exchange of calls botwoon himselt and the Emperor Tho favourable chango which has occurred m the state of the wise old Jung to whom tho Belgians owe the consolidation of thoir dearly-prized independence, stems to warrant tho hopo that his long and usoful hfo iiiiay be prêterved some timo longer Conflicting telegrams reach us from Cassell, Austria and Prussia ha\ing decided on occupying tho little Grand duchy, unlees tho Elector consouts to withdraw his ob noxious ordinances for fettering the notion of \otors at the pending elections FiusBia Bent General do Willson as a special envoy, to endeavour to induco the Grnnd Duke and his ministers to liston to reason, and avert a dangorous corifliot by conciliation and concession Tor several days the Elector rciUEed to receivo the gonoral, and was con fiimed by his ministers in his unconstitutional policy, but tho mobilization of tho 4th and 7th Corps of tho Prussian Army, now boing stationed on the Hessian frontier, is said, by a telegram received this morning, to have brought tho rofractoiy Pmicelot to reason. Meantime, in twenty-throe out ot twenty five communes, the electors have nbstained from Toting, not one \oter having gone to tho polls In tho other communes so few votes ha\o beon given that tho «lections aro litcraHy null Petitions are being sent from every point of the little State to the Diet, praying that body to interioro m behalf of the Constitution which their brandy laving Elector is virtually overthrowing The PniBBian Press ia unanimous m its support of the Govern- ment in its cnorgetio attitude towards tho Hessian ruler, ind the Austrian Press is equally determined in its tone One of the lending Austrian journals, m commenting on Ihe refueal of tho Elector and his Cabinet to receive General do Wihsen, remarks that "it is absolutely im- possible to explain such fatuous action on tho part of an »tiro Cabinet, A tipsy ruler, crazed by drink, is a thing »hieb may, at least, bo conceived of as existing, but a ipsy Cabinet, nil ot whoso members should Ino wove, and 'orm its decisions on matters of home and foreign policy, -der tho inspiration of on all embracing inebriety, would bo a chimerical monster that the mind cannot imagino »s possibly existing. Wo aro therefore left without any hypothesis by which to account for tho spectacle presented to astonished Euiopo by tho Go\ernmont of Electoral He6Eo " "When such languago is used bj a loading Aus- trian paper, in speaking of those sacred porsonagos, a legitimate Prince and his Ministers, we can begin to men rare something of the diBtanco which separates tho popular itand point of J 862 from that which it had reached say evon len years ago. Libo Aiistiian Government haB Bent Count Thun to Cas 1, on a mission identical with that of General do Wilisen. There IB something decidedly piquant in this encrgetio in- terference of the Prussian and Austrian eagles in favour of the constitutionalism of which they huvo beon such formid Ible foes But Timo is a great workor of miracles, and |he fact that tbeso birds aro really entering on a now stago of iheir career Is not to be doubted. Were it not for hor ob tinacy m holding Venetia, the Austrian Empire might not n probably succeed m establishing itself on o farmer basis than it haB yet possessed, for a compromiso with Hungary bight then possibly be arrived at, and vuth tho reconcilia- tion of that important province, tho rest of hor existing fliflicultics would becaBilymet. The Tinonee Committeo M the Austrian Reiebsrath supports tho sober views of M. Bo Plcner, and has juBt adopted, for the Bank, the prin- ciple, admitted in England, that, boyond a certain amount, the notcfl in circulation must be eo\nrnrl im n mnt.n » leOmniíníLfo d-ecided that th0 "mount of ¿otes above tari WnTICt0r« Emmanuel in Sicily has been the SwÄd_S_ _»? ,lntbusitt.Btic «°°. if Possible! stoat «w« .£¡"1* w tho 0Va,10Ds thnt hove greeted towncvIr7wPi ? v^8 pr°er?si °n the mainland. bEvery toaeetb^?Äi,V'pouredfo,<l1 ite «-I» population b comT,? \» ° pe°Ple PreB?inf? Tnd the royal carriage How¡thanm«. "i..T woiaC11. ¥Dt on tiBBing his hand. Ki. w2MS7Bm"fe^edtat very -sentimental &epopuKmlLtearB; by ^ warmth and intensity of fr»rn»L". Impa,hy on one occasion, howover his stent pheTot6ouTofPht1carÎ5ead,OUt b/*eTST ^aHoní Eslíe«, i*hLi ,BcarriagOiana fairly ran away from We hfa/.««?." ud0 of tha foods of Porsano. Ho ft these thZ«.0-0 at.a waVr Btand «m taX thick f«P«nyonÄ;-mB8lB^ "1 the p,olico not mterferingto feithhti own hand. n«!iC8Jeel18 °ftth°~~fc of petitions ^irbearer7wi*toC TÍr±tfM patienUy * what [« passes htotíahinTa^»S0<*toM!0 «""^od that S»t they are 3vkTnC S?Çc"papeï8ï butît aooni8 [».»lse«rdDredîh^^r«0f the"P°°w localities, and h«maHlStth/ÄSH0noU.11 the artioles Pledged |e Jfo«<.rfe-JwJ 6 na,lonal Pa^orokcr.establishment ef fâ pkdmOMfc? w*'*01!?11 ÎB -Jversally regarded as \- »«* 1Ä.S; ÄPAS csasss hearty "oodwill. In the evening the latter gave a tretuen doû y granditoner, at which were Batazw, Mateuoi, the foreign ambassadors, and the officers of the French. Enjirh, and Italian fleets. General La Marmora next day. gave an equally splendid matinée dansjnte.at which the Kim?, Prince, ministers, diplomate, and the elite of Neapo Ktan society wore present. The attitudo ot tho clergy, at Wet every point of the Royal progress, has given great taiif (Hction to tho Cabinet and the public ; with the excop titn of a fraction of tho higher dignitaries of tho Church, , (he cleipy havo turned out at the hoad of their floats, mid have welcomed tho King as cordially us thoy. Ih.u iho new kingdom is ubout to bo consolidated by the acquisition of its capital is a conviction that becomes strongor duly, both hero end in Italy. The. return of General Guyon ia fixed for to-morrow ; and the Nuncio, Chigi, is said to havo written to Antonelli, telling bim that tho Emperor Napoleon has positively determined to put an oud to the lUdii quo. _ ." . _, Rome, meantime, is crammed with strangers. Iho Italian Government has refused to grunt passports to the Italian bii-he.p«, none of whom will take part in the grand affair of the canonisation of (ho Japuneso martyrs now go- ing on. 1 ho Papal invitation is addressed to " such bishops as can leave thoir eliocescB without dnnger to their in tcrci-ts" «nd, accordingly, tho Government, quoting those words, invites tho Italian bishops to refrain from taking a step which would be condemned by the public sentiment of their (locks, thus endangering tho integrity of their episcopal relations. Aimrtments nre fabulously dear in tho Eternal City ; and great curiosity sceniB to be excited by the groat concourso of the successors of the fishermen and the splendid pageants about te. celebrate tho admission of the new saints into tho calendar. The Popo haB just patsed his seventieth birth- day. FiancisII. ia ill oi i-mnllpox, but is not supposed to bo in any danger. The »euch havo stopped fresh dotaeh menf 6 of brigands who were crossing over into Naples, and eelz( d largo quantities of arrub and gunpowder also being Bent into that province. Some excitement has boon created in Italy by tho dis co\etyof an attempt to invade Venetia, got up by bodies of Vo'lmiteors, secretly enrolled, and acting under tho orders of two officers of tho ex-Garibaldlan army. The project appiorstohave aimed at effecting Bimultuneously risings in Iln.gniy, in Venetia, and in the Tyrol. The Government, dctcwiincd to repress all imprudent and unauthorised movo menls, cnlculnted only to compromiso results already ob- tained, and ci cato obstacles for tho future, has acted with great vigour nnd promptitude, and has arrested at Genoa the twe officers incriminated in th¡B regrettnblo affair, as well as some forty or fifty of tho volunteers. The resigna- tion of Mcnotti Garibnldi, as Commander of the two regi- menté of Genoeso Volunteers, that bad been authorised to proceed to Naples to net against the brigands, is thus ox ploincd ; and as his father has publicly approved of that re sifîiiiitioii, it would anpear that the Government is right in affirming his belief "that tho illustrious General has had nothing to do with this insensato attempt. The marriage oftho Princess Maria Pia, Victor Emma- nuel's younger daughter, with tho youthful King of Portu- gal, is to take place very shortly. Disturbances, the cause of which is not known here, aro reported as having taken placo in the noith of Portugal, whero armed bands aro said to be marching through tho country and oreating much alarm. The neighbourhood ef Oporto is stated to bo much disturbed. Iho Russian Government having abolished nu publio com- memorations of battles, excepting that of Pultowa, when Charles X11, of Sweden lost, in one fatal day, the fruite of nino years of victory, tbo Swedish journals aro inviting their own countrymen and their brethren of Norway and Denmark to observe the anniversary in question as a day ot mourning. Tho fact that modern Russia, under Peter tho Great, moy bo enid to havo taken its rise in the results of the field so fatal to Swedish supremacy, probably ox plains the exceptional mnintcnunco by the Russian Govern- ment of tho commemoration which has made Sweden so angry, nnd which it might have been wiser and mure courteous to have allowed to fall into desuetudo, with all tho other celebrations of a similar character. More singing of the national hymn, and consequent nrrcsts hnvo taken place in Warsaw. It is rumoured that the Grnnd'Duko Michael will thortJy bo mado Governor of Poland. Glass window-panes have been found in Pompeii ; they were mndo hy casting; thoir chemical composition is identical with that of modern glasB ; thev nre 28 inches by 20, and one-sixth of an inch thick. Thoy were fastened into metal frames by turning knobs. Gangrene is proved to bo speedily cured by the use of baths of oxygen, in which the mortified member is kept, and by which it is cured evon in the lnst stago of the morbid development. A Frenchman, after ten years of labour, has obtained a now application of tho electric force, by which the whole broadside of a man-of-war can bo instantaneously concentrated on a given point, producing a convergent tiro that no plates or shield could resist ¡-an- other inventor hoe contrived a mothod of injecting a thin film of water under tho wheels of a railway train, by which the friction is so greatly reduced that the Emperor, on wit- nessing the experiments designed to test tho invention, was oblo to propel a carriage by a touch of his cane ;-and the channing composer, Fellicien David, has just achieved his most brilliant success in the now opera of " Lalla Rookh," in which be haB tot, to exquisite music, the picturesquo donnes of Macro's graceful und charming poem. Monday, May 26. The projected lines of postal steamers to India, China, Austmlin, and the WeBt Indies, havo received the autho- risation of tho French Government, and the new servico, backed by governmental subsidies, will como into operation during the present year. Tho lato commercial treaty bo twee n Franco and England has boen fol- lowed by a second treaty which mutually "graute to all companies, and other associations, comrtcrcialj industrial, nnd financial, constituted and authorised m conformity with the laws in force in either ef the two countries, the power of exercising all their rights, and of appearing beforo the tribunals, whether for the pur- pose of bringing an uction, or of defending the same, throughout tho dominions and possessions of the other Power, subject to the sole condition of conforming to the laws of such dominions or possessions." The convention is unlimited nB to duration, but may be modified, or put au end-to, by ¡either Power, niter due notice given to thnt effect. îho curiosity excited by the visit of tho Egyptian Vice- roy is nbout to bo further gratified by the arrival of thrco Touareg Chiefs, nccompnnicd by tho hend of tho Arab Bureau of Algeria, nnd tho spirited young African explorer, M. Duveyrier, who aro now on their way hither, proceed- ing by easy stages from Marseilles, and visiting nil tho principal points of interest between that port nnd this city. The Tounregs form a considerable nation in the interior of Africa, still uncivilised, but of which one portion hnsrecently taken it into ite bend to make friends with tho French, and the rest of Europo, and to form a medium of communication between the north nnd tho wild tribes of tho interior of Africa. The chiefs appear to be extremely intelligent, and most anxious to win the sympnthy nnd confidence of the " civilised nntioHB " they oro como to visit. They ore coal black, tall, magnificently attired in flowing robes .embroi- dered with gold; but, strange to say, wear a soit of mask over their faces. This mask is necessary to protect their eyes from the blinding glare of their desert country, also to mitigate the effect of the burning air ia respiration. Marthal Peliesier gave these chiefs a very courteous recep- tion in Algiers. They aro being made much of at Mar- seilles, Lyons, nnd Iho other towna between this nnd tho coast, and they will, no doubt, havo little to complain of in tho reception (boy will have of tho Emperor when they rcneh Paris. 1 he Touaregs nre tho only people who could enture tho safety of communication between Algiars and Senega], by way of Timbuctoo ; and tho chiefs in question oflir to enttr into arrangements for securing the safo conduct of tiavcllers and commercial caravans, escoiting them through the interior of tho con- tinent, providing them with horses nnd with food, and in all ways facilitating their passage through the and and inhofpitnblo wilderness lying between the Mountains ol tho Moon and tho rich countries beyond the grent African desert. Tho chiefs nro enid to be overwhelmed with astonishment and admiration nt the mnrvels ef in- dustry, commerce, and art that thoy aro now witnessing for the first time, nnd seem to bo equally astounded at tho aensity of the population and ¡ho richness of edible vegeta- tion in the regions with which thoy nre making acquaint n?ÎS" J ° leei°?l "^uçied ty the widespread confederation ot the Touareg tribes being almost a doseit, has but a hand lul ot people to many square leagues, and rniscs barely enough grass and wheat to keep alive the population and its camels and horses. The silks and wines of France seem to have delighted the three Seheicks beyond moasure ; and they are already bent on bringing about tho importation of there splendid tissues and rejoicing drinks among the dark l£ J?,«,fteir XT?** homDB- The tendency of »the ffTJ iht "w". _° ontcr k*0 rclation wi'k the civilisa __? Llrl)lC8t0în ,hclB"P^e, is one of the most curious nnd interesting features of our day. But seeing how slow .are the people of our little planet to enter tate acquaintanceship and amity with one another 0no flCan *. fvc,p , ho^e *at there nZ be sone flaw in the calculations of the wcll-know^rench savant, Lieutenant Jurien, whose learned rnvwUgations and ?AÍ!_'TihÄVe lr?#m '? ^^comfortebuTcZrJusIôn that the oscillations of the poles of the earth submerge each hemisphere alternately at regular intervals of 21,000 yo_r7 for, at the rate at which wo aro now going on, tZvarfi parts and peoples of tho globe will htrdly Avohegunto give up fighting and to exchange the Weflte Ttheir V n,1T8. ilenlus and Pr0(îll°tiona I«*»« the fatal polar dto will put the cresent terrafirma down to the bottom of the ?k_?nl"_? VT P. "Pi0 thî Burfooe the slimy continents that now form its bed, ond on which the slow progress from combustion ond ichthyosauri to railways and /¿ace Congresses will all have to bo wearily gone through wiüS over again by a fresh batch of humanity. T»uw»w The opening of the London Exhibition has been Mowed by one resnlt, equally amusing and unexpected-viz., tho presence, in tho body, and in London itself, of the host of "London^correspondent*" who usually « do" the Enriish P_rf_S^rarç£1*6 J'ounlal9 *">**» airyhoighteof Parision attics. The statements now being sent home to their several papers by these gentlemen, nearly di ofThem unacquainted with the English tongue, unprovided with "T del'Kht and amusement to «he English resi- dent, here, what may be the effect of the comical ?f î£T7^tatîon _* theee *«<." »Pon the S TAfe,l0W"CrGnl,t,7men'il faoiOcnlttoimarine. The londoner« are ^«presented as heavy, ' br-ly.faoessantív _?fcA"03DMoft ttve WifulÉ. anyap\ere"feS t__g» called pudding«, «ad «MIMOU» b4« j prevents "7 "thelaw" from eating during "Divine servico, irora diuiking except at home, from talking m tho streets except at permitted houre, and from Bingmg anything but paa'mB, bishops are all fat, enormously rich, keep hounds, and In e with (ho lordp, the only jolly, rollicking lives to be s»en in the Ihrer Kingdoms Puritanically pnm in nspeet and manner, the English are the nioBt brutally depraved of all pee pleB and London abounds in haunts of varied end in- genie ÜB vice, not to bo found m any other capital The people wear tho cast-off clothing of the rich, and look dread- fully dowdy and seedy, offering melancholy caricatures of the CIBBEBB abovo them Tho Exhibition building ia a dieam of ughnesB, and though tho Engln-h portion of tho contents is vei j splendid, whatever elements of taste and glace it contains are tho result of the employment of French designers and uiti/nns And so on, tho onh points of social eiistencc worthy of admiration being our immense productive activity, and our respect for tho liberty ot tho subject which foi bids tbo snapping up of individuals by the agents ef the Government, and their detention in priton without tnul or warrant The approbation of tho French intervention in Moxico, so decidedly expressed by the Times in its late utteiances upon that subject, has, how evor, so greatly gratified the peopie here, that instructions would appear to have been sent over heneo to tho exiled "correspondents," m conse- quence of which the latter have sensibly modified their tono within tho last few day " The Emperor, backed by PcrBigny, seems to have deter- mined that the columns of the official journals, ut all events, shall contain something better than the extra ordinniy nensenBO that has been put forth by tho other papers The administration of tho Momtcu/ has rented a large and handsome houBe in the WeBt Lnd, for the entire Ecason has fitted it up with tho utmost comfort, and put into it a staff of capítol sorvants ThoBO of its writers to whom tho description of the Exhibition is spe- cially entrusted, are installed in these oxcellent quarters for the season, with a capital table, and every facility for receiving and returning tho hospitalities e-f the capital, and all its other employ is, of whatever rank, are being sent over in euccesBivo relay» to viBit the great show, and seo what they con of London and English life, their travelling expenses being allowed thom, and a room and boaid given to them gratis in the large anti hundsomo mnnsun afoiesaid The descriptions of tho Exhibition m the Mot tittil promise to bo both able and impaitial , while tho eminent art cntio of that journal, Theophilo Gantior, who is now passing in reviow tho productions of the Eng- lish school is performing his taBk with odmirably perspica- city, insicht, and appreciation, and has given, for the edifi- cation of ins compatriots, a critical disquisition on our great humourist-preacher, Hogarth, which might bo read with profit and t leasuro by the countrymen of the great artist of whom the French aro now hearing for tho lust time. The absurd project of invasion which has raised so muoh indignation throughout Italy, and caused so much satisfac tion in Austria, has been completely dissipated by the ener- getic repression of tho Government. It is difficult to behevo that Gaubalili can huvo lent hiB sanction to so wild a scheme, and it will probably be found that his angry utter- ances on tho subject of tho troubles in Broscia have been prompted solely by his porsonal affection for the officers engaged in the mad attempt, and a generous desire to screen them under tho popularity of his illustrious name 1 he joy ot the Austrian Press, on first receiving intelli- gence of a movement which, in the r view, " released Austria from her engagements, and re-opened to her the rond to Lenibnid} and to lunn," ought to opon the eyes of that small, undoubtedly patriotic, but dangerous fraction of tho revolutionary party, which behoves that it has only to advance upon the Austrian lines to scatter them as the appearance of Garibaldi scattered the partisans of tho fallen tyrant of Naples Victor Emmanuel has returned to Turin, whore ho has been welcomed ns cordially, if not as enthusiastically, as ho had been received by his Southern subjects It is believed that tho visit of Prince Napoleon, even theugh he bo charged with no special mission, is on additional plcdgo, as it is enid to be by M Rutazzi, in a ministerial circular, of the cordial friendship of tho Emperor Napoleon for tho King and fur Italy, Before leaving Naples the King visited St JonuariUB, and tho blood of tho Baint was com- plaisant erough to liquify immediately His Majesty theicupon presented a diamond cross to the saint, and the blood not only liquified a second time, but actually to boil over. The journals aro'disputing as to tho value of the Boyal gift, somo declaring tho cross to bo v,orthl30,000 francs, others maintaining that the cross being small, and made of small diamonds, and the gold chain to which it is attached being peor and thin, the whole gilt is not worth abovo 1200 francs. It appears that tho priests, notwithstanding the miracle worked by thcu patron m the King's honour, behaved as little graciously as thoy dared , and shut the door of the Saint/s chapel so quickly and rudely the instant his Majesty had re crossed its threshold, that tho Neapolitan municipality have brought an action ogainst thom for breach of respect towards tho constituted authorities. The day before the King left he received a deputation of ladies, who offered him a tent, magnificently embroidered m gold, the work of the fair ana loyal Neapoli- tan dnmes Tho King recoma both the deputation and the gift with his usual affability, and remarked, m express- ing his thanks for the splendid ofienng, that he hoped to % isit Naples again in the course of a few months A grand ball was given to the King by the officers of the National Guard tho night before he left, tho King and Prince ISapoleon honouring the festive scene with their presence until midnight Prince Napoleon intends visiting Sicily, and will be accompanied, on his return to Paris, says îumour, by Prince Umberto, "who will spend a short time in Fans and in London T ho Elector of HOBBO has intimated his consent to com- ply with the requisitions of the Diot, but refuses to dismiBS his Ministers, as Prussia now demands of him to do, as a satisfaction to her dignity, wounded by the impertinent attitude of the Hessian Cabinet towards ite envoy, General do "Vt iliBcn. The Elector was intending to chango his Ministers before the Prussian demand was made , since receiving it, ho has determined to kcop hiB present Cabinet, Piutsia is therefore marching tioops upon the little State nnd Luropo is looking on with amusod curiosity, to seo what is to como of this "tempest m a tea-pot" Tho Tedernl laws provide that all quarrels between its members must bo settled bj on appeal to tho Diet, and it is doubtful whether Fiuesin has tho legal right to mako war on the Llector for a purely private question Tho Bccond Chamber of Nassau hoB brought in a bill declaring the prevontn o ceneorehipofthePreesto bo unconstitutional and mischievous, and demanding its abolition, it also denouncos OB uncon- stitutional the persecution of certainjournals by tho Govern- ment King Charles XV , of Sweden, has celebrated his 36th birthday by issuing four new organic laws on tho adminis- tration of i ural and urban communes, of parochial assem- blies and schools, and on the organisation of provincial councils, which lawB will put an end to tho present sys- tem of centralisation, and inaugurate commercial indepen- dence, in thnt country. The Archbishop of Warsaw has undertaken to prevent, by peisuasion, the singing of the forbidden hymns in the churches Switzerland, through its Diet, has invited the Japanese Ambassadors to visit that country. The Queen of Spain and the Cortes appear to approve of the course taken by General Prim, who is expected shortly in Madrid. It lsnowrumouicd that a Bavarian PnnceBS, and not the daughter of Victor Emmanuel, is to bo tho Queen of Por- tugal 1 he cause of the disturbances in the province of Minbo is not jot known King Leopold is much bettor, and hopes aro entertained of hiB speedy recovery Queen Victoria has written him a most affectionate letter, with her own hand. The Empress of AuBtna is suffering soverely from rheumatism m her feet. As Cardmal Antonelh ia a layman, fe cannot taso part in the tXcumenic Council now bung held m Koine, and Monseigneur Berardi, alsa a layman, has been aomittedinto holy orders in order that ho may bo able to represent the Cardinal in that o«semblj As Berardi has ne\er had the least leaning to a clerical lifo, but has passed his day« in diplomacy, his ordination shows very clearly what will bo the nature of the subjects diBcussed at this gathering Twenty-three cardinals and one hundred nnd twenty bishops havo^otod for the cononieotion of the Japanese martyrs The draining of the Algerinn Lake of Alloulah is going on rapidly Iiumenso quantities of eols woro takon as the wntcis disappeared, and were sold at Algiors and Blidih at the late of flvcpcnco English per hundred The depart nient of thoDordogno is rejoicing ovor the verdict of the Aiueiican Court bj which tho will of tho late Stephen Onrard is set aside, on the ground of <i technical flaw, ana the pioperlj left by him to the city of Philadelphia, and valued at tight millions sterling, is restored to his hoirs, natives of that department. _______________ STELLA. 