THE POOR IN THE PARKS. Under this title the DailyTelegraph re- ports the following result of a night visit to the Mall, St' James's; Park :- -It is a fine night; tlieio is still a certain warmth in tho Air; and, though-. there is no moon to bo seen, thoreis ample light from tho host of stars that aro shining. Lot ns toko a seat; there are no loss than forty placed be- tween tho entrance by tho Duke of York s column and tho front of Buckingham Palace, so that wo shall suroly have no difficulty in finding one vacant. Tho first at which wc pause is occupied. And by whom? By four puople?two men, two women?coiled -and curled up together for warmth during tho night. They are asleep; and they ore all ',: miserably ragged. ? Tho wonion havo pulled i;. their dresses over their heads; the men have tied cotton handkerchiefs round their necks. Evidently these four aro no novices; it is not tho first time they havo slept thoro, Seat after seat has somo one on it. Of all#tho forty, there are biit twowhich aro unoccupied. The number, of mon a little exceeds that of ? women', brit only slightly. Some, of both sexes.are yet wido awake, and stare right ^forward with fixed eyes. Not ono of them ^'speaks; each is wrappod up in tho sense of '"?:' his or lier own personal misery. They are ot .almost all ages. Fortunately, indeed, there 'ave no children; "but.. there, are .'little lads, thoro aro old men, there are poor, pitiful, aged 'women, whom it'.i's heartrending to behold. .Wo continue our walk, looking at every hench,, until ,we reach Buckingham Palace. ("j. There is a black miss on a seat,in a little recess nt the end of thc Mall, which is oc- cupied by a couple of young women. Ono lies with her hoad'on the other's lap, ond her face is visible. It has been almost pretty once, but it is very wan and pale. Tho other woman's countenance is hidden. Both aro dressed in.black,.which is rusty and, faded. Tho first, being roused, looks wearily round, with no1 sign of surprise or four. Surprise there is, indeed, in her faco whon she is spoken to, and spoken to kindly. She has not been much used to kindness; she wants a bod; but she does not beg. Her movoment has disturbed her companion, who now wakes, ¦ and is - evidently in pain, Sho presses her hand on her face; and it may bo seen that sho too is young, but hor features dre wrung and ? distorted by suffering. It is face-ache, sho says';'and ifc is certain she spooks the truth. * ? ' . ? Tho poor woman gives a ?¦ifai nt moan of pain from time.to time as sho .'answers questions. She bas been out of.emr. ploy mont for almost a month. ¦ She has been a tailoress by trade, but the times have boen bitter bad, and sho can got no work. Some- times she obtains a few hours' shelter in tho union, but for thejast two r nights she has slept hore, and tho pain'in her face has grown ' worse. Wearily and faintly, she .speaks, as one absolutely ' broken down./ . Her cora' .".-. panion'spoaks in the samo'-tonej and' tells 'a-, similar story. She has been out of,work, asa,' laundress! for throe-weeks, and has slept here three nights. A_ trifle is_ given''to. both,, enough,'td,'get 'thom a ''bod" ario!-a loaf in .the, morning;' they offer no'thank's; "they hire* too broken-down for. much, speech.. Their misery; ha's.passed the.peripd'at!whicli'.thor'q is sonso; of *' relibf* Jin - words, ''".pbm'ei''", says'; tho youngest girl?slio-is'twenty-two;-'nhd'-the other ia but a year -or -two older--" como," and they arise from tho;Soat/.KBrjth:ore. sober ?how. could ;tbey, ho ;ptb.erwiso?^and;;hoth are hungry; " Ohe^'of thain staggers as "she gots upon herdogs,..which ..aro. cramped and numb; her'compamonhelps her on; and so, witliout.further parley, they stool Blowly{off; and .iiiv'a .minute, or, two moro they aroout of. sight;;'' Retracing our stops, wo liston to tho stories" of'a few who aro not yet asleep. Awfully pathetic, is tho history pf ono upon which we may not entor hero ; but we may give lier final words, which wore uttered in a ?,. ,. _ .. . i yet.,, ^sj3he sits' quite' upright, her back against a ^-"Mree'i'-alonc?-alone with her shame. A young ^Wladis crouching on a bench not far off; his slkjwad hangs-heavily forward, and ho starts as ' jlio is rousedS'He has como from Liverpool, .-, "vwhero ho had lost his employment as a *p$journeyman baker?no enviable life?even if ho hadbcon wollpaid. Walking to London, he had done his best to get employment, but without effect; had slept occasionally in workhouses, hut of Jato had boon' frequently refused admittance, and had now passed several nights in the Park. It was a hard life, ho said, and ho had no - friends. Fora small.gratuity,: and for words of encourage- ment,1 he renders thanks in a very frank and honest, and touching way. Ho shall not got a bcd; tho night is passing well enough, and ho shall want food in tho morning. What doos ho not want? Ho wants shoos to begin with, for he is barefooted?and ho wants clothes, for his own aro tattered. By his side, sleeping ofter tho same fashion, is a tall, strong fellow. He wakes at the sound of Toioo8, and tells his own story. In its main features it is like tho others. :'Theso conversations have taken up a great deal of time, and tho coldest hour?the hour whon',°ap-. the broozo murmurs faintly, the night di8s"'out and tho morning comes in, cold and'dullat.first?has arrived. *.*,,« Thoro 'are two wretched women sitting together, who soom, in some dim, forlorn' way, to be friends. The youngest of thom is more than forty, and talkative about her sorrows; the eldest is sixty, her hair is white, and sits upon the bench, rocking herself mournfully to and fro, and shivering with tho cold. , She has been employed until lately as a noedlowomari, at-tho'starvation wages of her class. Even thishas now failed her, and she sits there destitute.'' Her 'suffering is worse to witness than that-of any of the others, for sho is old, weak, hopeloss, and helpless. Tho younger woman is from Musselburgh, and gives de- tails about the place and the peoplo, which prove tho truth of at least that part of her story. She was employed as a laundress when rheumatic fevor struck her down. Leaving tho hospital.too soon,-she found that hor work was< being/done ¦ at cheaper rates by others; again she rfell;ill,-..and.has. recently left the hospital a;seponditicpe..','SIoeping in the cold fi- night dow,' will' if bo 'very long bofore sho ifr enters that hospital again, perhaps to leave it no more? She'is less broken than the poor . : old woman, and when first we stop'tolook nt S; her she resents our gaze as intrusive. "Ye'Jl r1t havo como from ;tho Haymarket to look at hug," sho says, with a low mocking laugh, to which it is hard to listen. The water-birds woko up from their roost on tho. bank, and begin- their clamour; the flush in the sky grows redder still, and the haze begins to lift; the sleepers move their arms restlessly; and now, upon this con- gregation of tho homeless?in which there are thievos.and prostitutes enough no doubt, but in which'there aro so many suffering through no fault of their own?comes the full splendour of thc morning. Tho sun rises' on few sadder1 Sights..;.;-,, .?:?.":¦¦>' ¦'.' ¦' .-¦¦-.? A.Novel Idea.?The Moniteurde VAari eutore "publishes tho following:?In April last a g'ei>/tleman made a novel experiment "JJ.'-10!1 produced results altogether unexpected. P0- "planted four potatoes in two of which he Tdserted a hean, and in each of the other two <¦ a pea. Thojioas and beans flourished well ; and gave a good result, and tho potatoes wore ...largo, not attacked by disease, nor: at all discoloured in tho stalks. Thoy were also extremely productive,; as tho first had fifty eight tubers, tho second thirty, the third twenty-nine, and tho fourth twenty-five. The experiment will bo repeated this year on a much larger scale , An ingenious American mechanic has just invented a machine for enabling a man to wash, shave, and dross himself, say a hymn, brush his hat, snub his wife,- and air his newspaper, without waking himself, and it will call him at any given hour, bo that tho ? first thing he will do in the morning will be to find himself at his breakfast table. 'i They note-book of a reporter gives tho following definition of a gentleman, on thu authority of an Irish cook :?" .-A- rael gintle ?mah is one that novor earned a haportU for himself^r any one belppgin" tobim/' An'African Lkoknd?Wo are told that J oiiceiiirmon perished. A prodigious animal, called-Kiunmapn, devoured, thom nil, lanie infill small; il. wiisn horrible beast; it was < 'such'a distance from Ono end. of his budy to j if ho other, that the sharpest eyos could h-irdly j noe it all nt once. There remained but ono ] woman on the earth who escaped the ferocity of Kammapa, ^ by carefully hiding herself from him. This; woman, conceived and brought forth a son in an old stable. She was very much surprised, on looking closely nt it, to. find its neck adorned with a little necklace of divining charms. " Ab this is tho cnao," said she, "his. name shall be Litaolane, or thc Diviner. Poor child; at H jwhata time to be born 1 How,will he escape d from Kammapa? Ol* what use, will his charms be ?" . As sho spoke this, she picked up a little straw to make a bed for her in ,fc font. On entering the stable again, she was lt ;etruck witli surprise and terror; the child r* ;had already reached the stature of a full '* grown maD, and was uttering words full of jj wisdom.- He, ..soon went out, and was ,t .astonished at the solitude which reigned around bim. "My mother," said ho, " where are the men ? Is there no one else but you and myself on the earth?" "My child," replied the woman, trembling, " not ,long ago the valleys and mountains were d covered, with men; but tho beast, whose -*? voice makes the rocks tremble, has devoured v them all." " Where is the beast ?"." There he is, close to us." Litaolane took a knife, and deaf to his mother's entreaties!, went to attack the devourer of the world. Kammapa opened his j frightful jaws, and swallowed I 'him up; hut the child of the woman was: not dead; he entered armed, with hie knife, into the stomach of the monster, and tore 3- jhis entrails.! Kammapa gave a terrible roar, li and fell. Litaolane immediately set about opening his way out; but the point of his knife made thousands of human beings cry , out, who were buriod alive with him. Voices *' without number wore heard crying to him on every side, " Take care, thou art piercing us." He contrived, however,, to make an opening, by which the nations of the earth came out with him from the belly of Kam- mapa. The men delivered from death said, ono to the other, " Who is this who ls born pf womnn, and who has never known tho sports of childhood ? Whence does he come ? Ifs ls a monster, and not a man. He can- not share with us; let us cause him to disappear from the earth." , With ' these 'words they dug a deep pit; and; covered'it pver.at the !top with a little turf, and put a peat upon :it: then a messenger ran to p Litaolane, and said to him,'" The elders of !thy people are assembled, and desire thee to 'come and,sit In the midst of them." Tho .child of ;_the woman went, but when he was near the seat he cleverly pushed one of his' adversaries into it.'who inBtdntlydisappedred for'Wer. Then tho men said to'each, other, "'Litaolane is. accustomed to'riist in the 'sun-: ,q" Shine near a heap bf rushes^" This' plot' succeeded no bettor, than ,tbe,forrner.. Litao- lane knew everything";', and wisdom always confounded the.malice pf his,,persecutors. Several of ithem,; while endeavouring to cast ;h him into a great fire,, fell into it themselves, io One,'flayj) when he' was.'hotlypursued, he ¦d canw tq_ the Bhores_of_a:deop: river,; and °? cKanl;e?l..*hTm8elfln His "enemy,"" i surprised at riot finding''him, seized the 0 stone;- and flung it to the: opposite side; saying, "That is howLwould' break bis head if I saw him on the other side." :Tbe: stone turned into a man again; and. Litao- lane smiled fearlessly upon his adversary, whoi not being able-to reach him, gave vent to his fury in crieB and menacing gestures.?. I" Can this tale bo a confused tradition of the redemption of man wrought out by Jesus Christi. ^certainly; should not venture to affirm that lt is so; but Kammapa might, V" without much difficulty, be supposed to re j| present Satan. In all age3 thc imagination If has delighted .to clotho this spirit in the Q| most hideous forms, and the evils he has it caused baye often been compared to the in ravages pf a wild beast. The supernatural y conception of Litaolane, his birth in a stable, id his quality pf a prophet, his premature wis 'd dom, the victory he gained over' Kammapa a by beooming his victim, and the persecutions 'j he suffered, seem to be bo many points of' ^t resemblance to the history of our Saviour. q I must add that the natives declare thom xt selves incapable of giving the explanation of n this extraordinary legend.?Tlie Basutos; ts or, Ttqenty-three Tears in South Africa, a, By the Kev. E. Casnlis. I, Traffic in Human Hair. ? In the 'f report of the Exhibition pf Arts and Sci- ences at .Paris, a statement of the trade in hitman hair .waa given, from, which it nppoared that the exports of un wrought hair in 1832 amounted to 36,412 lb., of the value of £5300; and of wrought or manu- factured hair, 30,232 lb., of the value of £5500. A large portion of the hair exported goes to the United States and to Great Britain.- We import on the average about sixty tons'weight of human hair; the im- ports in 1859 where 14,905 lbs., officially valued'." afc £5962. j A considerable trade, it is well kn6wn, is carried on in hairier the manufacture of bracelets,, rings, and brooches, as ornaments for ladies, as well as' for artificial 'braids, coronets, curls, and 1° plaits;:whilst there is also a considerable consumption for false beards, moustachios, whiskers, and perukes. As the average weight of tho. full clip of hair when pur- chased from the French' and Flemish peasant girls is only about five.and,a half ounces,.;the quantity imported, annually shows that fully 45,000. hoads must have been polled to furnish the amount. The bair, when 7 it reaches the hands of the hairworkefc". or-.HhG .'hairdresser, ' is sorted into lengths of G, 12,-14 inches, &c.; It is scoured or cleared from impurities with t sand and sawdust. About three ounces in ll the pound are lost in the processes of clean t ing and sorting. The waste hair-clippings of hair cutting rooms is sold as manure, being worth from £3 to £5 per ton.?Wm. Danson, in the Mechanics' Magazine. \ The Contents of an Ostrich's Stomach. ?Not long ago'some ruffians succeeded in gcttinghold of the ostrich kept in the Por de la Tet.d'Or, .Lyons, with a. view of stripping it of its feathers. The poor bird was shortly afterwards found lying on the ground in a dying state,' having had his neck almost dislocated by the miscreants. After its death it was dissected by M. Roy, professor of the veterinary school of the city, who found the following strange articles'in': t its second stomach:?Three clay tobaccq t pipes, quite whole,, but, having become green ; a knife with a brass handle, twenty centimetres in length; twenty-five brass buttons of different infantry regiments; a 1 ten-sous piece, thirty-two sous and centimes, j on most of which the effigy had been worn off; about fifty bitB^ of brass, reduced by corrosion to small triangles; fragments of I watch-chains; various bits of other metals; six large whole walnuts, and several frag, ments of a hawthorn walking-Btick; lastly, a piece of iron wire, ten centimetres in length, which had pierced the sides of the gizzard, was found embedded in the abdomen, and does not seem to have caused the creature any pain. Refractory Organ.?In a small church at a little village near Brighton, thecongre gation brought a compact and convenient instrument, playing forty tunes. The sexton hod instructions how to set ita-goib'g ,nnd how to stop it; but, unfortunately, he forgot the latter part of bis buBiness;; and, after singing the first four verses of a hyam before the sermon, the organ could not bo stopped, and continued playing two verses ni'ire, then stopped a little ; but put ns tba cki-gyin-.ti had cornpleied tho words "Let na pray," the organ "clicked owl. started afresh tune'. The minister .wailed patiently, and, on its stopping once more, repeated the words "Let,us pray," when click went thqjorgan again and; started off on another tune. The sexton; and others.continued their exertions to find out the proper spring, but no one could stop it; so four stout men were got to shoulder the perverse instrument, and they carried it down the centre aisle of the church, playing away all the.while, into tho churchyard, where it continued clicking and playing until the whole forty tunes were finished.?Builder. . The Ever Living.?One moro lesson from our candle, and wo have done. What becomes of tho human soul when it has loft the body ? What becomes of tho flame when tho candle is extinguished? Must our philosophy halt hore ? or will it turn round upon us and at tompt to provo, in scientific jargon, that there is no such thing as a future. Wo think not. We believe that, as tho relationship between tho candle and man bears strict analogy from tho first kindling of the mysterious vitalising firinciple, through the varied phenomena of ife, in sickness and in health, and even in the moro mysterious phenomena of extinction, ?so can tho analogy be carried further into the dim shadowy realms beyond. If there is ono question moro than another which has oc- cupied the attention of modern philosophers, it is that relating to .tho conservation of forco, or as it is sometimes called, of energy. It has long boon admitted that matter can neither be created nor destroyed, and tho whole tendency o£ modern discovery is now directed to shbw'thA't" energy is equally in- capable of extinction. So long ns it is ex- erting its action in'a dofihito way, shining and glowing as a candle flame, evolving the forces of heat and light, wo take note of it by means of our outward senses ; butwhonthe flame goos out, aro those forcos annhilatod? Assuredly not. Thon onergy which hitherto was occupied in the production of heat and light has only changed its immaterial form; it , still exists . in undiminished quantity, though it is now incapable of appreciation by our material senses. For, just ns tho forces evolved by burning fuel are transformed into tho mechanical motion in the steam engine; and just as mechanical motion is equally capable, of, being retransformed into heat, light, electricity, or chemical action,?so do the forces .once born' -to/ activity when the candle is lightod live'to the end of timo un diminshed- in intensity.-althougb changed in ^character. When the flame is naturally ex jtinguished these living forces do not die, but become absorbed into that vast reservoir of jenorgy . which is the source of all lifo and Ilight upon this globe. And shall wo then ^suppose that tho soul of mah is of less account [than the flame .of a. candle? If philosophy jean thus. provo' that the latter never; dies, shall hot| faithVaccopt tho sdmo proof that 'mir own'spiritual life is continued after the ivitol .'spark is extinguished?? The Popular 'Science Review. ',',.; ' ''Passing -Out I"?A renowned clergyman pf Lincolnshire lately preached rather along sermon fromjhd text,_"Thou.art weighed in. tho balance and."found wanting.". After tho congregation had listened'about; an' hour, some bogan to get .weary and. went out'; Others soon followed/greatly to the annoyance pf- the minister;-- Another person started, [whereupon the-parson stopped' his sermon, ahdsaid, " That is -right, gentlemen;' as fast as;you are weighed pass out I" ? He continued his sermon some time after that, hut no one 'disturbed him by leaving." . < ; ; Adulteration in Silk Parbios,?What Jute is.?What is jute? is a question often asked by tho genoral reader. This artielo, well known .to those engaged in the East India trado, playod an important part in the recent great fire in London. It has been de- monstrated that it is a rather unsafe article to stow away, on account of its easy ignition and tendency to spontaneous combustion. It is also .unsafe in another particular, for it is the great adulteration of silk. Jute is the fibre of a species of hemp (botanically speak- ing tho corchorus. capsularis) which is grown in the East Indies, chiefly in Bengal. The same class of mon who put shoddy into cloth, logwood into a villainous compound and then call it portwine, adulterate silk with silk jute. It has a lustrous, silky appearance, aud tho fraud is' not easily' detected. A recont English writer in the Technologist says that, thanks to juto, there is scarcely a piece of sound, genuine silk in the country, and the consequence is that the so-called silk fabrics, instead of lastiug for generations, as they did in tho time of our grandmothers and great-grandmothers?barely last tho brief period of tho latest new fashion. The reason of this is evident?for in preparing this fihro for tho market it is necessary to cause it to almost putrify in order to develop tho fine silky character so much valued in the jute intended for export. In India the cloth mado from tho fibre is much stronger and moro durable, because they do not take such core in steeping it for home consumption. In Ure's Philosophy of Manufacture (newest edition) a writer says of jute: '? It is mixed with tho cotton warps of cheap broadcloths, and alsq'with' silk, -(ind, from its lustre, cnn scarcely be' detected." Why cannot juto ho turned to' more honorable and useful purpose than adulteration ? Dr. Forbes Watson says that""?"its production admits of unlimited extension; and who knows hut tho1 groat, paper, rag and cotton question may bo somewhat solved by jute ?"?iv". T. Journal of Commerce. Dreams.?Sir William Johnson possessed great influence among tho Indian. Ho gratified the savages by accommodating his manners to theirs. Ho oven descended to imitate and retort their tricks and. knavish manoeuvres; and, the Indians were better pleased to havo their ingenuity foiled in this manner, than to be addressed, with grave rebuke A sachem;who came to pay Johnson a visit, announced ono morning, that he dreamed the previous night that his host presented him with a rich suit of military appdreh- :Johnston^accprding,,,to the Indian custom on such occasions, fulfilled the dream; but tho morning after ho related, as. a dream of his own, that his'guest had presented him with' a valuable tract of land. The Indian, regarding him with a sly look, replied, " the land is yours, but lot us dream no moro."? Dwight's Travels. What's in a Name.?It is curious that, while tho Emperor alone prevents Italy from having her capital, and goads Garibaldi to the verge of civil war, his very namo is do tested and proscribed by tho shadow of a Papal Government which ho protects. " The Pontifical Government," says the Indepen dance, " appears inclined to revenge itself on France by petty demonstrations. Amongst other things, it has prohibited the usc of the name Napoleon. The director of a theatre of the Trastevere, who is called Napoleon Orchahii, has been ordered by the police to drop his Christian namo, and has changed it into that'of Hannibal. ¦ Among the actors pf the" dramatic company of Bellotti-Bon is ono called Napoleon Oqlombino, and ho has been ordered henceforward tb take the namo of Giovanni Colombino."? Weekly Dispatch. Farmers Killing their Friends.?Farmers and gardeners will gape and stare when they come to learn the fact that grubs and cater- pillars are now doing immense mischief in many places, and especially iii the neighbour- hood of Liverpool, all because the fools who cultivate tho soil have had nearly all tho little.hirds killed that wouldhnyo kept them under. And what will tho British farmer think of himself when ho finds that this practice of destroying small hirds is one which has been imitated from tho French, whose Government have been obliged to put a stop to - it in order to stay the plague of insects iWbich it has brought upon France? . Ho will surely bo ashamed bf himself for having taken a lesson in folly from foreigners who, as he well knows, wear wooden shoos and are accustomed to eat frogs. Our clod-hoppers labour under a sad mistake in supposing that ta sinai! buds lire ghiefly upon fruit And geftio, thus consuming Iorgo quantities of'human food. Thu i>;nil) which they cut ino3t of is not_ good for tuan; it is a maggot, and a noxious one, which devours an amount of produce very much exceeding their little pit-kings. Tho bushels of corn, currant*, raspberries, mid cherries which used to bo swallowed hy. thom are few in number compared to the bushels of caterpillars which abound in consequence of their destruction. Goldfinches, hedge-sparrows, and other small birds have actually boori imported into Australia from this country for .the express purpose of consuming a troublesome weed; for little birds, be it known to Johny Raw, not only oat worms,' but weeds also. The particular weed which they wore wanted to check is the thistle, of which nuisance a Scotchman, out of nationality, had sown some' seeds at the Antipodes, where, consequently, it is over- running the land. Ho was an sss, and deserved to..reap .^he crop of what ho had sown, for food" and ito cat no other; but tho farmer is as great an ass, who tries to extirpate- the sparrows, and finches, and warblers that snap up the blight insects, tho cockchafer grub, tho slugs and snails, the wiroworm, tho green caterpillar, and ,tho daddy-longlegs.?English Paper. Getting a Wedding Coat.?Among the anecdotes rolated by Dr. Bushnell in a sermon at Litchfield^ illustrative of the age of home- spun, was this;?One of the aged divines of that country, still living, was married during the revolution, but undor difficulties. There was an obstacle to the wedding which seemed insurmountable. Ho had no wedding coat, nor was wool to bo had to make one, and it was in tho dead of winter. Yet air parties were ready and he was anxious to bo married without!.delay.; At last tho mother of the intended bride discovered the difficulty and promptly had some of her sheep shorn and ; sewed up in blankets to keep them warm, while of tho wool she spun and wove a coat for her intended son-in-law. Tho man who would try to stab a ghost would stick at nothing. " Anything pite you dar," enquired ono Dutchman of another, while angling. "No, noting nt all." " Veil I" returned tho other, " noting pite me too." 