THEATRE ROYAL. MR. BARRY SULLIVAN'S MACBETH. Mr. Barry Sullivan's performance in the character of Macbeth, on Saturday evening, was.' one upon which we can conscientiously bestow very high praise. It will compare advantageously with the best Macbotts of our own time, and impresses us more strongly with the actor's dramatic power than any part in which he has yet appeared. His insight into the character is just and penetrating, and he illustrates with more than usual vividness the visual deceptions and mental delusions to which the Thane is liable. As early as the first act, the air-drawn dagger exists in his disordered imagination, and the highly wrought nervous tension of the man is skilfully exhibited in all he does and says. The only portions of the play in which Mr. Sullivan appeared to be to be wanting in fidelity to the general truth of the picture were in the dagger scene, and in his conversation with Lady Macbeth immediately after the murder. In the former, it used to be complained both of Quin and John Kemble that they were too " explosive," and the same objection applies to Mr. Sullivan. Garrick is reported to have spoken the words like a man oppressed with ghostly fancies and unconsciously thinking aloud, and this seems to be most consonant with the circumstances of the scene, and with Macbeth's unhealthy frame of mind. In the colloquy commencing, " I have done the deed: didst thou not hear a noise?" we missed the hoarse whisper and impressive monotone employed with such thrilling effect by Mr Brooke, and which always appeared to be so natural to the situation of the speaker. These were the only blemishes upon an otherwise fine performance and it remains to point out a scene in which Mr. Sullivan displayed great judgement and unusual power. It was that of the banquet, in which, following the precedent' of Kemble, Mr. Sullivan dispenses with the visible presentment of Banquo's ghost, Although the first folio edition of Shakspeare contains the direction, " Enter the ghost of Barque, and sits in Macbeth's place, there can be no doubt that the apparition is as much an optical delusion as the visionary dagger in a former set, or as the extraordinary'creatures which Blake, the painter, placed upon his canvas, and which he confidently declared he saw. And this opinion is confirmed by the observation of the eminent physician who wrote The Psychology of Shnks peace, and who says : " It is noteworthy that the ghost of Banquo is seen by no one but Macbeth, differing in this respect from that of Hamlet's father. Moreover, Banquo's ghost is silent. Hamlet's is a conversational being, subject to disappearance at cock- crow, and other ghost laws ; points indicating the poet's idea of the ghost of Banquo as an halluci- nation, not as an apparition a creation of the heat oppressed brain, not a shadowy messenger from spirit land. It is the pathological Nemesis of guilt, not a phantom returned to the confines of the day actively to assist in the discovery of guilt. The progress of the morbid action is depicted with exquisite skill. First, there is the horrible picture of the imagination not transferred to the sense; then there is the sensual hallucination, whose reality is questioned and rejected and now there is the sensual hallucina- tion, whose reality is fully accepted." The introduction of a ghost upon the stage is always a clumsy, and often a ludicrous, expedient, more especially as modern theatres do not possess an article specified in the inventory of a wardrobe belonging to a company contemporary with Shakspeare's namely, "a robe for to go invisible." By omitting Banquo's spirit, and addressing himself to the vacant air, Mr. Sullivan rendered the banqueting scene eminently impressive, and conveyed to the minds of the spectators the conviction that what was invisible to them was very palpable fo Macbeth. When the ghost disappeared, and the King drank to his "Seat friend, Banquo," adding " would he wore hero," the by-play of the actor, covertly looking round to be assured of the absence of the unbidden guest, and half dreading to meet the appalling apparition, was admirable and when the spectrum re-appeared, the horror and terror of the King amounted to frenzy. But the climax was spoiled by the untimely and precipitate applause of the audience, which broke out at the end of the words, "Unreal mockery, hence !" and was sufficiently prolonged to compel the omission of the lines, which afford so fine an opportunity for an abrupt transition of manner, tone, and feeling " Why so being gone I am a man again Pray you, sit still." In the touching passage in which Macbeth declares his weariness of the world, Mr. Sullivan adopts the reading "My May of life is fall'n into the year, the yellow life," an alteration of doubtful credit; and in the first line of the fifth scene, Mr. Sullivan's punctuation is as follows: " Hang out our banners. On the outward walls, The cry is still they come ;" An innovation which is not material. The actor's behaviour when he receives intelligence of the death of Lady Macbeth, showed deep feeling and despondency, and gave a mournful interest to that exquisite passage : " To morrow, and to-morrow, and to-morrow, Creeps in this petty pace from day to day, To the last syllable of recorded time ; And all our yesterdays have lighted fools The way to dusty death." When the messenger entered, Macbeth's demeanour was such as to indicate that he was still absorbed in reflections on the latest and greatest calamity that could befall him, and that nothing could touch him further; nor was it until he learned that Birnam wood was moving towards Dunsinane, and he began " to doubt the equivo- cation of the field" that he was roused to energy. The last scene did not fall below its predecessors in the earnestness with which it was played, or in the interest which it excited, and Macbeth's death was in perfect keeping with his action throughout the tragedy. Mr. Warner's Macduff was extremely unequal. In the scene with Rose, the actor showed that he possesses great capabilities, if he only chose to exert and discipline them, but at other times all was boisterous rain and constant emphasis ; no light and shade, no repose, no descent from stilled declamation to level speaking. It was like listening to a piece of music executed by a performer who accentuates every note. The small part of Rosso was sustained by a promising young actor named Hope, and Mrs. H. Jackson made a creditable Malcolm. Mr. Hooper, if he would eschew preaching on the stage, would be much more agreeable in the parts he undertakes, and would prevent them from being marked by such a strong family likeness as now pervades them all. With a stronger orchestra, the musical accompaniments of the tragedy would have been very good. Madame Stuttaford ripe voice was heard to great advantage in Locke's music, and Mr. Morris made a favourable impression in the port of Hecate ; while the vocal resources of the establishment were strengthened by a number of amateurs who took part in the choruses. The play is announced for repetition this evening. Kilmore The members and adherents of the Presbyterian Church of Victoria here have unanimously elected the Rev. W, Mitchell to be minister of the said church. The call has been signed by 140. The induction takes place on Thursday, the 4th September next, at two o'clock p.m. The Revs. A. D. Kinninmont, 8. Mercer, and G, Mookie are to be the officiating ministers.-Communicated. RuaiormED Good Fobtdne.-Wo were given to understand yesterday that a party of three men arrived on Ballarat last week from the Lachlan diggings with £6,000 each, the result of about four months' labour. They formed portion of a party who obtained individually a similar ] amount from a block of ground seventy-two feet I square. We mention this matter is reported to us, without in any way vouching for its accuracy. [ Ballarat Star, Aug. 28. I 