NEW SOUTH WALES. We bare Sydney papers to the 12th inst, from which we make the following extracts: LAMBING FLAT Friday, 11th ApriL Sergeant Sanderson with detectives Lyons and Kennedy, left the Lachlan in charge of . three prisoners by the coach for Lambing Flat yesterday. On reaching Brewer's shanty three horsemen with two led horses were observed: The horsemen on seeing the coach bolted, and were followed by the detectives on foot. Suddenly they faced about, went round the coach, and drawing their revolvers, opened fire on the police. Two of the horsemen bolted, but the third, Davis, stood his ground and received four shots from detective Lyons, all of which took effect-one in bis thigh, one in his wrist, and the other two in his bead. Davis fell and was immediately pounced upon by Detective Lyons, who had already had his right fore-finger cut io two by a'shot from Davis' revolver. On the fall of Davis the prisoners assisted in securing him, and he was brought to Brewer's shanty. Mrs Brewer received a random shot in the cheek, but is not seriously injured. The horse of the captured bushranger was taken, together with the two led horses, and brought to the camp at Lambing Flat. Davis and bis two companions, who galloped away when the firing commenced, are sup- j posed to be titree of the men who accompa- j nied Gardiner on Tuesday when they stuck ! up Mr Pring, at tbe Crowther station, and afterwards at "Croaker's station. At the former place Gardiner, with seventeen ae comDlices. stuck up Mr Prine's servants. One of the bushrangers played the piano while the rest danced and drank brandy and water at Mr Pring's expense. At Mr Croaker's station one of the bushrangers played a concertina, and sang " Ever ol thee," to the host. Sergeant Smith and five troopers are out in chase of the robbers, with a fair chance of capturing them. It ia to be regretted that Captain Battye's black trackers have not yet arrived, otherwise tbe bushrangers might have been followed to their den. The exodus to the lachlan still continues, but - there is a reaction, and many miners who have left this are on their way back. Morning Herald. Discpvjtax OF GOLD AT BATHURST - On Wednesday last, a telegram was received by the Secretary for Lands from Mr Com- missioner M'Lean, stating that gold was reported to have -been discovered on a Go- vernment; reserve, close to the town of Bathurst We are informed that on the receipt of that intimation Mr Robertson issued instructions for the preparation of regulations under the 22nd section of the Gold Fields Regulations, for the purpose of making ; whatever provisions were specially required for the locality, amongst-, which wiU be directions for the filling up of the holes after they are worked, and for the .preservation pf thé alignment of the marked out streets.-Ibid. Reports are again currentof gold discove ries in the north; bat, although there can be no doubt ¿bat the metal <hai been found both in the nejghboáioodpf Gladstone and also onTeak Vale station, about 230 miles from EoioMampton, noth^ , j^lto-riTOHiftihe' tmentôjtii** » pay- able gold field has been found. . Everything, bBéM& t^gth£&'^nè belief that some day or Trtber «ci diggings win be dlsfeovered ? in^these regions. "Tb& last hamed ICgahty ? win, ll m.* mi?Iffi nmit ?rmr"J"* ' MÍ* ,rsf'*iói'^ír.' i ' .' ?' ßoand, *om which 4t *rüi%e-*BÖm* ah«** ISO miles when tue road has beet» properly, ^oräreyedaad markéd-but. Tte place where the gold was foond Iles' westof Peak Downs, sand, the > whole <nrrounaiiig eoiiuti v lis def scribed as : showing indications of : Seing highly auriferous. ' With respect tb the dis corery. ot gold near Port Cortis,;the cor- respondent of -the Brisbtóe daüy Ijays.' Por some time past it had been ascer tained that a maa who w« shepheroihg *°r Mr Bell had teen in the habit ot sending gold to Sydney. - -This - excited' mguiry and search, and the whereabodts was soon dis- covered. About a fiwtnight ago, two men residing heredeterainedto fmd ont whether the reportwas real or »ot,- by actual experi- ment. They accordingly started, and re- turned again at the. end of a week. " ¡They brought-back wish them between two and three ounces of very fine gold-one nugget weighing an ounce and a quarter. They reported favorably pf the general aspect of the country, but *aid they could do no more at present for «rant bf: water, but, of course, they iatead resuming the work as Soon as the rain sets in. These reported diggings are situated on the Calliope Bange, distant abont 20 miles from here, four or five miles from Bell's head station, and perhaps about equal distance between the Boyne and Cal ¡ Uope rivers. Now, this is alL or nearly all, that I can tell you about these diggings at present. I trust, however, that my state- ments will be received with great caution, and that no one will be so mad as to aban- don bis home and occupation- simply from . what I have said. Although it is a matter quite sufficient to cheer and encourage us Gladstonites, yet just now.it is an. afiah with-which "-täwae^tradis&nce; nave little or nothing to do. SHOCKING . MTJBDSR OF A BLACKFELLOW. -Oaring the last eight or ten days, two or three tribes of blackfellows from Braid wood, Yass, and Bland Plains have visited this town (Queanbeyan), giving ns a dis- play of their deep degradation, in wandering thestreetsbydaydrunkandquarrelsome.and assembling nightly for corroboree. Yesterday afternoon a report readied us that the body of one of these blacks, supposed to be Billy the Barn, was found dead on the bank of the river, near Dr Hayley's residence. Later in tbe day, Dr. Morton, the coroner, furnished us with the following particulars gathered from the depositions taken at the inquest. Last Tuesday night the blacks were encamped on tbe bank of the Quean- beyan River, opposite the Oaks, the resi- dence of Dr Hayley, from which place the inmates saw the camp fires and heard noises as of quarrelling amöngt the black- fellows and their gins; The next day a son of Dr. Hayley saw three or four blacks digging a bole a little distance from their camp, and near . the camp something wrapped in a blanket like a dead body. Information was given tb the police, and senior constable Bellly proceeded to tbe spot and disinterred the body, whith was rolled up in a blanket, doubled, and tied up. At the bottom of the grave there were a tinpot, necklace, and several articles of attire. The body was that of a male about forty years of age; decomposition had set in; the cuticle was partly pulled off; there was 'a wound just below the right shoulder, penetrating the muscles to the bone, made apparently by a toma- hawk or spear; the right wrist was dislo- cated, and the left ann nearly severed a little below the shoulder, the hone being broken through; the head bad'undergone considerable injuries from, contusions, the face was mach disfigured, the front teeth loosened, and tbe lefVeye knocked out, and a fracture of the skull : The jury found s verdict, "that the deceased was murdered by certain aboriginals unknown, by varioui woulds liaving been inflicted upon him hy means of tomahawks jar other implements/ Golden Ag», 5th Aprfl. THÉ KEVENÜE. The following is an abstract of the pro- duce of the revenue of New South Wales in tbe undermentioned periods, ending 31st March, 1862, compared with the cor- responding periods of the previous year. The first table exhibits the agrégate re- ' ceipts of every kind, comprising revenue proper and all other moneys paid into the Treasury. No. 1.-TOTAL RECEIPTS. Quarters. 1860-1. 1861-2. Increase. June .£339,655 ... £346,644,.. £6,998 September... 412,335 ... 427,053 ... 14,723 December... 327,920 ... 396,157 ... 68,237 March. 285,920 ... 369,379 ... 83,459 The year...£l,365,830 £L539,238 £173,408 Here is continued and progressive in- crease. Of tbe four quarters, the first gives an increase of two per cent; the second, of three-arid a-half; the third, of twenty-one; the fourth, of twenty-nine per cent. The increase on the whole year is nearly thirteen percent. FUNERAL OF MRS CORCORAN.-The in- habitants of the main thoroughfares of Ballarat, on Tuesday afternoon, witnessed a funeral cortege, perhaps the most imposing in point of extent and numbers which has ever been seen in this district. It was that of Mrs Corcoran, the wife of Mr Thomas Corcoran, of the firm of Corcoran Brothers, Bullarook. The procession left Bullarook at half- past ten in the morning, and reached the Caledonian Bridge somewhere about three p.m. As it passed up the Main Road it seemed of interminable length, and con- sisted of the hearse, followed by a large nurnHer of private carriages of various pretensions, whitechapel, carts, &c;, all filled with friends of the deceased. To these succeeded a vast number of drays bearing a further detachment of mourners. A few persons on foot, who had probably joined the procession in town, were followed by at least an hundred horsemen, all well mounted. As may be expected, the cortege, which was on its- way to the Ballarat Cemetery, attracted mach attention on its route. THEATRE ROYAL.-On Tuesday evening the performances consisted of a repetition cf Phillip's clever comedy, *A Bird in the Hand Worth Two in the Busb," and a dramatic version of "Le Domino Noir." The performances concluded with an excel- lently devised ballet entitled " The Ghost of the Village, or Le Danseur District." The ballet bas been arranged by Mr J". Chambers, and does no little credit to bis abilities in tbis way. The dancing is spirited, and tbe comic element abundantly and well inter- spersed. Mddle. Louise and Mr Chambers sustain the principal roles. ROYAL SOCIETY.-The adjourned annual meeting of the Royal Society was held last evening, bat was thinly attended, the mern . bera present numbering less than a dozen. Mr A. K. Smith presided. Dr Macadam ex- plained that at the annual meeting, held on Thursday, a motion, to the effect that the report be adopted, was negatived by a ma- jority of one. This virtually amounted to rejecting the report, which bad since been -brought ander the notice of the committee, but they thought that, tbe report having having been rejected, it was impossible they contd reconsider it. However, as the meet- ing was adjourned for the parpóse of further considering the report, he would move that' the resolution passed the other evening be rescinded. Mr Musson seconded the mo- tion, which was carried without opposition. ' Dr Sades then moved the adoption of the report inlts entirety. Thia difficulty raised the other evening was in connexion with the word "perhaps," which had been inserted in the report only because thé committee ' did not wish to express an opinion upon the cosSnct of any one, hut thought it a matter 1 which -should be left to the public. Mr BaWUnson seconded the motion; bot while ; expressing approval of the proceedings of \- Ifte cofflraitto,eonsiaWé^ Mr Wright shbuld not narih&n; passed aver so lightlyThe motion waa pnt, and car- ried uWniroously-_ and afte^a few ooserva üonsjfrbin the çhau-man, the busmen of tba 