LAYING THE FOUNDATCON STONE OF A BAPTIST CHAPEL IN BATHURST. Ox Monday afternoon lint, in pursuance of pro viouu announcement, tho foundation stono of a now Baptist chapel was laid in Keppel-street, Bathurst. It had been notified that tho stono would bo laid by H. Rotton, Esq., M.L.A.; but, a letter _wtw received from that gentleman on Saturday nialit. last, statin-' that, in conso quonco of pressing parliamentary engagements, ho would not boablo to leiiro Sydney to bo pre sont on tho opinion. Other arrangements wero consequently made and tho ceremony took plaoo at tlio time appointed. After . ?.infill.,', reading ono of tho Psalms of Darid, tho 13th chapter of the first opiitlu to tho Corinthian-!, and prayer, the Rev. Mr. Thornton made a tow remarks upon tho ' absence of Mr. Rotton, fluting that ho, Mr R., had very kindly an:l liberally puruhiucd for tho Baptist Society tho piece ot ground upon which they wero then as.neuiblotl, at tho cost of £300, and 'although ho rogrottcd, as ho was suro othora did, tho ah se-.iL'fi ofthut gotitlcman, vot thov had tho sritH faction of knowing Hint his sympathies wero witii thoin. In tho abrtoneo of Mr. Rotton, who was not nblo to bo with thorn that day, ho (Mr Thornton) had requested tho Rev. Mr Voller, tho Senior Baptist Minister in tho colony, to per form tho ceremony of laying tho foundation atono of the first Baptist Chapel in the 'Western Districts. Tho Rov. J. Voller, of Sydney, then said, he rojrottcd tho absence of Mr Rotton on that occasion, for tho honor of laving that Stono should havo been his, ns ho had manitiMtcd so much illicit in their riiuso. U was evident that a3 he, Mr. It. had purchased and presented to the Baptist Society, tho land upon which tho ehapol was to bo erected, it would havo afforded him bomo pleasure to have bean present and havo taken part in tho proceedings of that day ; but tho very fact that ho \vu willing to forego the ploasuro of beimj in Bathurst on that occasion for tho sako of attending to his duties as a representative of tho country, provod very clearly that ho was a man of tho right sort, and ho, tho Speaker, knew that all prosont would join him, in wishing long life, health and pros poriry to n. itoicon, J^sq., xu.i. . ior Hartley. Tho occasion of thoir mooting together that day was ono of gract and solemn impor tance ; thoy wore mot to lay tho Foundation Stono of a houso to bo dedicated to tho Servico of God. It was characteristic of the pooplo of Great Britain, that whorovcr thoy wcro found, Schools for tho education of tho Young, Mechanics Schools of Arts, Asylums for dostituto orphans und tho agod poor, Infirmaries and Hospitals for tho sick, and such liko institutions woro in existence, and in addition ho might say, that churches and clmpols for the worship of tho living God always followed in tho track of Engli3hmon. And whilst tho necessity and utility of Schools, Asylums, Infirmaries and such-lite establishments, could not bo doniod, it must also be admitted that tho erection of places of worship and tho proclamation of tho great truths of tho Gospol wore matters of far greator importance. Christianity waa tho salt of the darth, and undor its influence all tho other institutions to which ho had referred would be blessed, and it was tho ardent wish of Christians that all tho institutions of tho country should bo leavened by that Christianity, by which only, souls could bo brought from 'darkness to light and from tho powor of Satan unto God.' The seeds of Divino Truth that would bo sown in tho building they wero about to oreot would bear fruit through etornity ; to thoso who received tho truth it would bo tho ' savour of lifo unto lifts' but to those who rejected it, it would prove tho ' Bavour of death unto death.' Jfo man could possibly tell what blessings would follow as tho result of tho labours they woro that day beginning. By laying that Si ono with pmyor, they practically acknowledged thoir dependence upon God for success and prosperity, aud undor the firm conviction that the building about to bo erected would tend to tho good of souls aud to tho glory of tho most High, ho would ask all present to unite with him in the supplication that tho blessing of God might follow their labours. ,Tlio rovorend gentleman then at some length gavo an account of 'the' origin of Christian baptism, contending that it originated in Judea, and that tho founder of. tho system was .fesus Christ,' who was tile first Christian Baptist, and that the ordinance of baptism could be traced by agoldon thread, whioh had never beon brokon, back to the days of the Messiah, and furl her. that for the first twoccnturicsof tho Christian era, Christians wero almost 'exclusively Baptists. Ho also ro- - forro.l to the' foot that Luthor had bomo testi mony to the doctrine of baptism, by immersion, — 'that Bunyan, Milton, Caroy, Robert Hall, John Foster and Spurgcnn all belonged to the brothorhood, and that consequently if any sec tion of the Christian church had any right to glory in having tho names of great and good men iMSOciatod with thoir history, tho Baptist church might well do so j.but they did not plnco thoir .confldonoo in men, they called nomun mastor ; their solo trust and conQdonco was in Christ thoir master and Lord. Thoy, tho Baptists, beliovod in ono God, Father, Son and Holy Ghost; thoy aho bolinvcrl that all mm had fallen and woro consoquontly in a stato of sin and misery, and that Je3us Christ had died for tho sins of the world ; thoy were therefore froo to proclaim the glndHdings of salvation toall; — thoy icliovod that Christ bad died for every man, and hU ministers had received a commission to ' go into all tho world and preach tho gospol to ovory creature,' and in tho ehapol about to bo orectcd a free salvation through tho blood' of Christ would bo preached to all men. Tho Baptists had not como to Bathurst. with tho view ofBup planting or making proselytes from othor chur ches, but for the purposo of proclaiming tho ereat leading truths of Iho cosnel. Tho stono, nftor several sums of money woro laid upon it by tho persons present, was then lowbred into its placo, the rov. J. Vollor fixing it, in tho namo of tho Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, and praying that the blessing of the Triuno God might rest upon tho building, and that it might bocomo tho birthplace of many souls. After a few remarks from tho Rev. Mr. Thornton, tho singing of tho doxology.'and prayor, the bonodiction was pronounced and tho meeting separated. It liad beon announced that a tea meeting would be held in the evening in connection with tho ceremony, and a largo booth was erected upon the ground for the accommodation of visit ors. About 7 o'clock the tablos, nine in number presented a very inviting appearance, literally groaning beneath the weight of good things which had been gratuitously furnisho by several ladies in the town. The booth, although a large ono, was not nearly largo onough to furnish ac commodation to all who came to tho tea, and consequently mnny had to wait until those who woro first seated had taken refreshment and re tired. Tho returns afterwards showed that 318 persons had taken tickets. After a good por tion of cukes, tarts, tea, and other good tilings hod been demolished, the tables wero cleared, and a temporary platform having beon erected, Mr. J. C. Stanger was colled upon to tuko tho chair. Tho attendanco in tho evening was vory good, And wo should imngino that the results of tho day's proceedings must havo been highly sal i? factory. During the evening speeches woro delivered by tho Revs. Messrs. Voller and Thornton, and Messrs. McPherson nnd White, and after sing ing nnd'prnycr tho meeting was dissolved. Letters from the Revs, J. B. Laughton, W, J, K. Piddington, and R. Caldwell, woro read, stating that owing to their being absent, from Bathurst on that day, they wero none of them ablo to attend the meeting. Tiik Wnot Cr.ir— Wiiol i* nrriving daily; most of ir. we p. canine in tranintn f.-r Sydney. Ni-nrly nil the t. ntn« wo have obseived, consist of horRu», which appear in excel 'ent condition. Thi« is not the c to wi-h tlin ponrr.lity of . hnllnck team*, as it rcqnircfl longvr cms1' nnd mnrc of it. tlmn wo Rinpcct is hp found in the vicinity of rthrop-r- tnti.'M' in rurh i- Hcnuon as is reported I to hav« eet ia ''O{i coautry.' Wesleyan Meetings. — On Monday last u Tea meeting wa3 hold it Dennis' Island, with tho object of assisting to lquidato tho old Circuit dobt. SpoecliD3 wero lelivored aftor tho tea by tho Rov. Messrs. Piddington nnd Caldwell, and a collection then madi amounting to £11. On. Tuesday a Church Esension Meeting was hold in tho National School room, Bathurst, for tho purposo of advooatingtho claims of tho Wesleyan Church Sustentation »nd Extension Society of New South Wales. Addresses woro deliverod by the Rov. Messrs. Piddington and Caldwell ; by Mr. J. Parker, who occupied tho chair, and by Mr. J. C. White Tio collections amounted to On Wednuday u Tea mooting in aid of tho fund for tho hqiidation of tho Bathurst Circuit old dobt, \vi» hold in tho Wesleyan Chapel, Macquarie Plains. On tho removal of tho trays, a public meeting was hold : and speeches delivorod by ;ho Rev. Messrs. Pidding ton and Caldwell, amlMessrs. Paul and White. Tho collections nmouitcd to £20. Ge.veuai, Holiday in IIon'ou of His Roy vl Highness the Prinui: op Wales. — His Es ellenoy tho Governor hs been pleased to direct that, as His Ilo.yal Higlness tho Prineo of Wains will attain tho iv;i- of X.venty-one years, on Sun day, theOthofNm- emterncxt, tho day follow ing shall bo obsorved » a general holiday, in honor of that cvont. '.'ho Public Offices will bo closed on Mond'iv, lO.h of November accord ingly. Tho ll-jviil Stailu-.l wii\ lu hoiste.l at Gorernmont House, nnl a Royal Saluto will bo fired, at 12 o'clock, fpm D.iwes' Battery. By His Excellency's Cumnand, Chaules Cowi'Klt. GARDINER on dits.—They say that Gardiner has been taken— that he was captured at Bathurst— that he had jumped out of a window ; was followed by Saunderson ; and that after three ineffectual attempts to blow out the officer's brains with a very refractorv pistol, the bushranger was knocked down, taken to the watch-house— thence to the gaol ;— and here this famous history ends. There is not one word of truth in it ! TELEGRAPH EXTENSION. — On Monday last, communication by telegraphic wires was opened between Bathurst and Forbes It will be seen from our own telegraph column that we received telegrams of the results of the three days races at the Lachlan Gold Fields. BAPTIST CHAPEL. — We havei been given to understand that the dimensions of the New Baptist Chapel and School-room, about to be erected in Keppel-street, are is follows: — Chapel, 50 feet x 30 feet in the clear; School room, 30 feet x 20 feet. THE WEATHER. — During the last week occasional storm-clouds have appeared on the Western horizon, which have risen a few degrees and then drifted off, no doubt dropping their contents on various pitches of country around us, without, however, in one instance favouring us with a pluvial visit. Gardeners and others consider the season as a "regular drought'' and though, from what we can observe, our suburban agricultural plots are not so effectually burnt up as they are said to be about Cowra and the Lachlan ; the growing crops of both wheat and hay are visibly "going off" from want of moisture. The town is notwithstanding, tolerably supplied with green barley, and one or two productions of the vegetable tribe, which is some proof that we are very much more highly favored than the localities farther west. 