CONSECRATION OF ST. BENEDICT'S. The event of so much importance in the eccle siastical history of this colony, the first solemn consecration of a church — St. Benedict's — that has yot taken place in Australia was celebrated with all the splendour possible in this part of the world, and although we cannot of course Be ex pected to vie with the great eontre of Catholi city in the magnificent manner in which they perform the rites of the church, yet, apart from the splendid accessories which we cannot as yet be expected to possess, the office was performed with a grandeur and completeness mo3t gratify ing and consoling to every Catholic who had the happiness to be present. In our impression of last Saturday we spoke of the symbolical meaning of the diffei'ent ceremonies employed during the consecration, and we shall now, as concisely as possible, attempt to describe the J ceremonies themselves in the order in which they took place, To our readers, most of whom are already fa miliar with the beautiful church of St. Bene diet's, it will be only necessary to state that the interior has undergone a complete cleansing and renovation, and in place of the-high altar which was erected at the time ot tue opening or t!ie church, a v-ery beautiful one of polished white marble, veined, has been substituted, the canons of the church requiring an altar of stone, as ona of the necessar}' conditions for the conse cration of a church — the only exception to this rule being, wa believe, the one in the Mother Church of St. John Lateran. The new Altar is divided .by columns into three compartments, the same size as those in the old Altar, by which arrangement the decorations of the original one— of the Resurrection, in the centre arid the Pax on either side are retained. The evening previous to the consecration, the Archbishop proceeded to St. Benedict's, in order to prepare the relics necessary for the consecra tion of the church, and which, at the end of the rite, were to be deposited inside the Altar, never to be again removed as long as Church or Altar should' stand, unless from imminent danger of desecration, or some reason equally important. The relics were deposited by the Archbishop in a case prepared for their recep tion, and together with them three grains of frankincense and a parchment scroll, containing the following inscription': — ' In the year of Our Lord 1S62, the 24th day of February, I, John Bode, Archbishop of Sydney, have consecrated this Church and Altar in honour of St. Benedict, and enclosed herein the Relics of the holy martyrs, St. Peter, Sfc. Francis Caracciolo, St. Pius V., and Saints Amerina and Aurelia, granting to all the faithful of Christ on this day one year of true Indulgence in the usual form, and forty days of Indulgence to those who shall visit it upon the anniversary of this Consecration.'' After the careful sealing of the parchment case containing these relics, and their deposition in the place prepared for them in the school house opposite to the Church, matins and lauds were then chanted, and they were then taken charge of by Father Corish, who kept vigil over them all night. , A little after ;six in the morning the Church dqors-vyere. thrown open to the people, at which time' all' the benches in the interior of the Church had been removed.Ieavihg the have and aisles entirely empty, A few minutes after seven his Grace the Archbishop, accompanied by [the Very.RoV; Austin Sheehy, V.G.. entered the Church' fo 'see: that everything was ready, and. having; satisfied himself that such was the case, after' having robed himself, proceeded at once to^commehce the ceremony. After having l'ecommended the laity to accom pany him in saying the SevenPoriitehtialPsalms, boiproceeded to ' repeat .them-1 with 'his -clergy in' the place where the/-elics had been deposited all night. At the conclusion* of the -Psalms,' habited iiita cope and with mitre and 'crozieiv accompanied by all. the ? clergy present; he 'pro ceeded to the. principal door of- the; Church, arid having arrived there he put away his mitre and erozier, and commenced an;antiphon 'which was continued by' the choir, at the conclusion of which a prayer was recited,, arid, then* resuming his imitre he-knelt down .in frout'of the chair prepared for him beforerthe Church: door while the Litany of the. Saints was chanted as faivas the petition ' Ab omni,m.alo.'-' Water and salt were then blest in the.usual manner, aftei: which he blessed himself with the water, handed ifcto; the clergy, and then, sprinkled the laity with it. He thonresumed.his mitre/and, preceded. by two Acolytes. with wax torches burning, he .sprinkled the ?.Church walls all around, proceeding rrom, right to loft . ' In tlio name of the Father,, and of the Son, and , of the, Hply Ghost.1' 'After com pleting the, circuit of. the Charch.,he turned, towards .the. door, and; laying aside, his mifro; and erozier he paid. ' Lot us. pray,' to' which the: choir responded.' '.Let us' bond the knee,', .Sub- deacon ' f Arise,'1 after 'which. .ha 'struck /the, Threshold of the door with his . cr'oziei1, saying' 'Raise up, your crates O ye prince.s'l ami .let: the eternal 'gates ',bW lifted i up, and'tho.. Kiiig'of Glory shall enter in,' to which' the .Dqacori, wti'o alMie is 'suffered' tci remain in;., tlie Church',', saj s,' '.'.Who is thisK/ing of 'Glory f ''^Tho Arehb.ish'op 'answers,;;-'1 the Lord is:poNVorfivl and strong;,. the; Lord powcrfiil in.'fight:'1' A secorid'' circuit was then; miadti''of''ther walls',' using :'the sa'inc_;cbreV mony as oh; the' previous one, after' 'which 'ji third circuit was in axle; but 'this time froiri right to left,' and on gainihgUhe door lie knocked as i on the previous 'occasions, and on , hearing'' tliii question of'the' Deacon,1' ''Who' is the King -of Glory ?'' lie and all the clergy answerer!, ' The Lord of power, he is the King of Glory ! Open! Openl Open !' The door was then opened, and accompanied only by tho clergy and masons employed to cement the altars and se cure the relics, he proceeded in the centre of tlie aisle kneeling before his faldstool placed at the intersection of the St. Andrew's Cross traced upon the floor, and entoned the ' Veni Creator, at the end of the first verse of which he arose and remained standing until the. end. . Ashes were then sprinkled along tho floor m the form of a St. Andrew's Cross, after which the Archbishop again knelt down during the chanting of the Litany of the Saints. The Archbishop then traced the letters of the Greek Alphabet with the end of his erozier on the sand along one side of the cross from endi to end, and the Latin Alphabet in a similar manner upon the other. Water and salt, to gether with ashes and wine, were then blessed and mingled together, after which tho sign of the cross was made on the inside of the door by the Archbishop with the end of his crozior. Tha consecration of the altar was then proceeded with, and the interior walls of the church sprinkled three times with holy water, during which ceremonies appropriate prayers and psalms were said and chanted, and afterwards the floor was sprinkled, first in the form of a cross and then towards the East, West, North and South. ' After some 'further ceremonies inside the church, during which the laity were not per mitted to enter, the procession moved from the door and proceeded to the place appropriated to the relics, arid the procession having reformed with the reljcs in the centre, carried in a magnificent relic-bier of white silk trimmed with gold and surmounted by a crown, made the circuit of the outside walls of the Church, and havinff arrived at the front door, the Archbishop having taken his seat upon the faldstool, delivereda Latin ad dress to the people, after which Archdeacon M'En croe read two decrees of the Council of Trent. The Archbishop then impressed upon the people the duty of contributing according to the best of their ability towards the support of the clergy and the worship of God,- and also insisted upon the clergy contributing as Tar as lay in their power to the support of their Bishop. ' We wera bound.' he said, 'to give one-tenth of our sub stance towards the worship of God, and the sup port of the poor, and unless we did so we could notbe positively assured ofour salvation. Thedoor of the church was then anointed with chrism, and the procession, the priests carrying the relies, and the people entered the church, and advancing up ine centre to tne mgn altar wnere the relics were to be deposited, some psalms and antiphons were sung, after which the four corners of the sepulchre in the altar destined for the reception of tho relics were anointed with chrism, and the relics were then deposited, inside it, and after incensing them the se pulchre was closed up and cemented, The altar was then continually incensed either fcy a priest or the Archbishop until the conclu sion of the ceremony. Whilst it is anointed with the chrism of catechumens several times, a number of psalms and antiphons are chanted, and then tha oil and chrism were poured out upon the altar and rubbed all over it by the Bishop with his right hand the choir chanting in the meantime. Tho twelve crosses round the church were then anointed and incensed. The front, 'joints, and table of the altar were then anointed and afterwards carefully rubbed and wiped by tho sub-Deacon with linen towels- . The Archbishop then retired to his chair aud then rubbed his hands with crums of bread and afterwards washed them. Hie ceremony was then concluded. Immediately after the conclusion of the ceremony of c6n'secra'tion. -High Mass was sung by the Bishop of Brisbane,' with the Very Rev. J. Keating, V.G. assistant priest. Rev. P. Kenyon, Deacon, andRev.-E. Athy sub-Deacon, and Rev. J. Dwyer master of ceremonies. After the communion, the' Rev. J. j, Therry preached '? the 'cbnsecratiou ' sermon, taking for his text Mathew xi., 25th to 3Cth verses. After recommending thereon gregation to place them selves under the protection , of the; ever Blessed Virgin, Mother of God,, at. whose intercession, it hey were certain fp obtain everything;nec,essary for .their salvation,, and calling upon them tp kneel down and' say a' Hail' .'Mary, with him, hs : proceeded to say that the teKt.lie ha'd just read was; as applicableto.the great saint under whose patronage; the Church had been placed as to Saint Mathew to whom the wonls were ad dressed.; . St.' Benedict was among the .little, ones ' to whom'-.oiir Lord Jes.iis Christ ? alluded,- and ... .like, the';' Royal' psalmist,,, he; had , been .exalted. . .by, becoming little in his, own eyes.. He was sent by' his parents' to one ' of .the. .great .'public schools of RoVrie, and, ' shocked at ., the im moral character, of his young .associates, .he. .trembled .'.. for, his 'ow.h Virtue and was ridiculed by, his companions; when he .talked of .. leaving ..an. establishment where he had such an opportunity of completing ;his'3tuuios. He naado ih- hesitation in- his choice; however, between vice'and virtue arid rblirod.to.the desert '-vher'p,' as- St. Gj- regory said of him, he was studiously ignorarit^ahd wisely unlearned .'because he .p'referr'od purity . aiid .piety to learning' '' But'.'hb .was not on^tliat ?account opposed to .science and , literature, .';and the ; sierxices rendered to them. \x-y him, all over 'the, world were a proof of , the, estim'a- . tion in which thejr were' liold.by- the ordar. ' .The , 'spleridicV Church , in' which .they wore then,, as,-..! 'se'mbled, and' others' in '':the ;'|coiony,,,' testified.: to' what the Benedictines; . h'ad' done. for. 'the iad yariciement.'of.-reliijionjn. th'e colony^ and they . Vers; nobly assisted'iii tlieirj laboyrs by ^tho . ?secular olurgy.. Jacob's '.dreaiji' was then' re ferred to' in order to show' the nature 'of conse cration' ? the holiness of 'God's -temple,1 arid1 the 'grievous'sin- of ' pfofainih'g it insisted upon. Tw£ of the sons of Aaron, Nadab and Abihu ?were struck dead for profaning the altar of God, antl no' sooner' had' Heliogabolis, who was sent, byJ-King Soloucus to demand the treasures of the temple, insulted Onias the High Priest, than a horseman appeared in the temple and tram pled him down, and two others of extreme beauty scourged him, until, by the intercession of Onias, his sin was forgiven. They had not at the present time the rod of Aaron and tha Tables of the law as in Solomon's splendid tem ple, but they had something far more precious* they had the body and blood of Jesus Christ re posing in the tabernacle, Our Lord' had said* ' come to me all ye that labour and are heayy burdened aud I will refresh you and learn of me for I am meek and humble of heart. _ How was His yoke sweet and His burden light i It was. because His bearing and dying on the ' bitter cross had removed all its weight and its bitterness from them. What gratitude ought they ..„* t~ai +Vion tnwnrds onr dear Lord for His in finite goodness. Let them take His burden upon them and as that church had been conse crated to His service let them consecrate their * hearts to Him for it was there he delighted to dwell : to shun all sin which defiles that temple ana not to let the sufferings and labours of Christ be in vain for them, for Jesus loved them and gave Himself for them.'' Mass concluded at a quarter past three, the entire service having lasted no less than eight hours. We must not omit to mention the very effective manner in which the responsible duties of cantor were per formed by Father Curtis, and the music of the Mass was very finely performed, consisting of Mozart's No. 12, with the exception of the Credo, which was from Haydn's No. 3 Mass, and . the Offertory was Pergolesi's ' Sanctum et Tor ribile.' The numbar of persons assembled amounted to about 400 persons, the greater part of whom were present at the commencement of the ser vice and remained until the conclusion. The following clergy were present besides his Grace the Archbishop and the Eight Kev. Dr. Quinn, Bishop of Brisbane ; the Very Revs, the 'Vicar's-General, J. Keating and S. A. Sheehy ; the Very Kev. Archpriest Therry, the Venerable Archdeacon M'Encroe, the Very Eev. Dean Sumneri the Very Eev. Dean O'Connell, the Very Eev. Dean Rigney, the Very Rev. Dr. Forrest, Eector of Saint John's College ; Eevs. T. Leonard, John Dwyer, B. Seully and Dono van, of Saint Mary's ;? Eev. M. A. Corish and Handy, of Saint Benedict's; Eevs. J. F. Sheridan and M. Walsh, of ,the Sacred Heart ; Eev. M. O'Shea, of Saint Patrick's ; Eev. J. A. Curtis and Athy, of Lyndhurst College ; Eev. P. Powell, North Shore ; Eev. Father Eocher, Villa Maria, Eyde; Eev. P. Kenyon, Parra matta; Eev. P. Magennis, Appin; Eev. W. Lanigan, Berrima ; Kev. J. P. Eochc, Camp helltown ; . Eev. M. M'Alroy, Goulburn ; Eev. M. Brennan, Penrith ; Eev. F. X. Johnson, Wollongong ; Eev. P. Birch, Moruya ; Eev. J. O'Quinlivan, Port Macquarie; Eev. C. McCarthy, Mudgee. The following laity were also present : — F. Turville, Esq., Private Secretary to his Ex cellency; the Hon. J. H. Plunkett; James Hart, Esq., M.P. ; the Spanish Consul; Francis M'Nab, Esq., R. O'Connor, Esq., and most of the parishioners of St. Benedict's. In the evening the Rev. Mr. Corish enter ' tained a company of about fifty gentlemen, nearly all of whom were priests, in the school house connected with the church. The Arch bishop sat on the right of the chairman, the Bishop of Queensland on bi3 left hand. The Very Rev. Dean Sutnner occupied the vice-chair. After the dinner, the health of their Hoty Father the Pope, of the Archbishop, of the Bishop of Queensland, of the clergy who assisted at the ceremonies of the day, of the Rev. Father Corish, of the laity generally, and of Mr. Plunkett in particular, were successively called for and res ponded to. The Archbishop, in responding to the toast drunk to his honour, expressed his regret that St. Patrick's Church had not been consecrated before now ; he also explained the t ? hindrances of that church, and gave reasons for believing that they would soon be completely removed. He promised tnat St. Patrick's Should be the next church that he would conse crate. The announcement was received with ' strong expressions of gratification. — Freeman, Feb. 26. 