HONFIRMATION AT ST. LEONARD'S. On Sunday the Sacrament of Confirmation was administered by the Right Rev. Dr. (Juinn, Bishop of Queensland, to those under the spiritual direction of Dr. Powell who had not been admitted to that eacrament. It was the wish of his Grace the Archbishop to have. been present, but his health rjiot being equal to the fatigue the Bishop of Bris bane acceded to his requestof acting as his substitute. v It is somewhat remarkable that Sunday was the seventh anniversary of Dr. Powell's appointment to the mission at St. Leonard's, and thia fact tended to render the occasion more interesting, enabling us «s it does to contrast the present state of the mission -at St. Leonard's with the time that the Rev. gentle, man was first appointed to it At that time the Catholics at St. Leonard's were very few iu number and confined exclusively to the district irutne. diately adjoining St. Leonard's, now the sta. ?tions of Lane Cove, Pitt Water, aud Manly Beach have, been added to it, and the. little chapel which was then sufficiently large for the accommodation of the Catholics of (he neighbourhood requires to be replaced by a larger and more substantial structure. On Sunday it was not nearly large enough for the candidates for con firmation and the increased number of persons who were attracted to witness the ceremony, and a tern, porary .structure outside the church covered with canvas was erected for the accommodation of visi tors. The candidates in the vicinity of St. Leonard's vevc prepared ,by/ the nuns of St. Vincent's Hos pital under the direction or Mrs. O'Brien, and those in other parts of the district by Dr. Powell himself, assisted by Mr. Luby the schoolmaster at Lane Cove* Those who were to be confirmed assembled in the schoolroom a short, distance from the church ?at a quarter past ten, where the nuns had previously ?arrived for the purpose of completing the prepara tions for the august ceremony. When everything was ready the candidates marched in double files to , the church the female children leading, after whom followed the elders of the same sex and then the toys and men. On arriving at the church the girls and wo.men were conducted to the seats in front of the .altar with the boys and men behind them, and shortly .afterwards Father Woolfrey, ?Rho was about to offer ?the Holy Sacrifice attended by Dr. Powell and the Bishop of. Brisbane attended' by the Very Rev. S.A. Sheehy, V;G. entered the church and mass imme diately commenced. At its conclusion the Bishop took his seat in front of the altar and addressed the ?candidateson the duties and obligations of the sacra sn;nt they were about to receive, pointing out the aaeeessary dispositions that should animate them in receiving so great a sacrament which remitted their ?«ins, poured- out upon them an increase of sanc tifying grace, pleased God and gave them a right 40 enter Heaven. It enlightened the mind, strengthened the will, it enabled them to avoid evil and to do good if they received it with proper dis positions. It impressed upon the soul a character which every one who received it mast b;ar to all eternity, — a character which would shine for ever if they died the death of the just, but if they died the death of a sinner would be a mark of eternal disgrace and reprobation. It gave them a title to all those graces which were ne cessary to preserve them against sin in their passage' through the world, and to avoid those temptations they were certain to meet with, more particularly ?against faith, for which the present age was mine, particularly distinguished. It gave them a right fo-- receive help fiom God under every circumstances when it was' necessary for them. He besought them 4o open their hearts to receive the Holy Ghost if not £8 visibly yet as really and truly as when he descended upon the apostles in tongues of fiie. Let them beg of God that he would pour, forth his grace upon them, and that he would continue to do so during the remainder of their lives, in order that they might be properly qualified for the perfor mance of their Christian duties. The sacrament was then administered with the usual ceremonies, the girls and women advancing to receive it first and then the boys and men. The Slumber of those who were confirmed amounted in ?all to about seventy, viz., forty girls and women and thirty boys and men. After the administration of the sacrament the Bishop addressed those who had been .confirmed upon the obligations they had incur. ^ by the reception .of .the sacrament. They had r«c--ived the Holy Giiost into iheir souls and it remained with them tocoir»spond with the graces which he had bestowed upon them, he had given them strength, he had conferred upon them the. gift of faith to guide them through. all the diffi.-uit.es they could possibly meet with through life. At the present time they were, not cilled upon to suffer persecutions on account of their faith, but they would have to suffer temptations scarcely Jes-s -langer,oua. How many were there who after re ceiving all the gifts which Providence could best.m wpon them. turned their backs upon Almighty God and denied their religion ? How many were there who were laughed and sneered out of their faith ? against tbesedifficulties they would have to contend. From, that ; moment they shotsld be more obedient more recollected in God's presence. Let them «how by the. manner iit. which they discharged their duties how much they had tienefited by the recep. lien of the Holy -Sacrament. : Lt children in' a' particular manner whose 6ouls were still' untainted by contact with the worl 1 pray to be delivered from the great cont»g*on wh:ch surrounded them. They must it-member that God saw everything that pas-ed, iotlieir tiiiud..-. Nwt one simp e; thought «ver entered thtir souls was unseen by him, Le; them tiii. -k of this, and they would -never- offenu Him. ? fLet' them, think o! the Ang 1 giardian; that Was appointed to take charge of them and to guide them through the thousands of lemptaiions thai assailed, ther-., Let thtin pray to their Angi-I Guardian, and he would help th;m through at! their diffi utttes. Fiom parents would be exacted a strict, account. of the children w.iom God ha committed to their charge: it were i.eiter that i mill-stone were tie'd about tin-it necks, and that thej Were cast into the depths of the sea, than that thej should scandalize . any of those littla ones whost angels in he.-iv.en always sa* the face of theii Father who is in heaven. On parents rested ihi greatest responsibility : it was for them to set theii ohildnm- a -go.id example-, ? and 10 k ep then away iroin the da'nger of sueing evil, ISducatibi Was intended to repair the damage that had bee* nansed to the human race by original sin. Our first parents had been endued with sueh knowledge hat no man had ever since enjoyed : their souls embraced every intellectual accomplishment that the mind ef man was capable of receiving ; and to all these advantages were added the gifts of sancti fying grace, which would entitle them, without passing through the gates of death, to the full enjoyment of the beatific vision. But because they were unable to repress their sinful desires, by the punishment they had incurred through original sin, nil these gifts were lost : in place of the knowledge they had before enjoyed, they fell into the grossest ignorance j they were excluded from heaven, and given over to the dominion of their rebellious appetites. Education was intended to remedy these evils, by training a child in a knowledge of his duties; therefore did parents incur such grav responsibilities in watching the development of their children's minds, in seeing how they grew up, and that they lived in uniformity with the princi ples of their religion. His Lordship then entered at considerable length into the evils of sending Catholic children to be educated at scnools which were not Catholic — a practice which, as he said, cannot be adopted by Catholic parents without sin. They must remember that this place of banishment was not their own true country ; and he begged of . them to endeavour so to discharge their duties here that they might be found worthy to fill up those places in heaven which God had intended them for at the Creation. . The ceremony finished with the usual Pontifical benediction. After the great ceremony of the day, all who had been Confirmed returned to the school-room, where a most ample dejeuner had been 'provided by Mrs. John Martin, Mrs. John Milsom, and Mrs. Pyne, who, at the suggestion of the Rev. Dr. Powell, had interested themselves in procuring subscriptions and other aid for this object. A liberal spread, in the shape of cakes, buns, gingerbeer, tea, coffee, lollies, &c;, &c;, had been provided by the above-mentioned ladies ; and we need scarcely say that justice was done to the various good things provided. All the Lane Covites seemed to enjoy the feast better than we could describe: 'their long journey of 10 or 12 miles must have sharpened their appetites, and enabled them. to partake of the feast with increased gusto. The North Shore children and adults plunged equally deep into the sweets and delicacies provided. After all had been satisfied to their heart's content, as much remained as would supply as many more — so munificent were the efforts of all concerned. Especial mention is due to those Pro. tes'ant Ladies who. on this as well as on all al'.taT occasions whan their assistant was.nesded, have assisted in the moat liberal spirit. Many of them sent some costly cakes, besides otherwise contribut ing ; arid one of them, Mrs. Jno. Milson, assisted in person. To her and Mrs. Martin's activity and tact for such matters is due the great success which attended the affair. Everybody connected with it was most industrious, and discharged their duty to the entire satisfaction of all, and it was a pleasing sight to witness the good humour and happy feeling that pervaded the entire company. Tne fragments were given out to the poor children of the neigh bourliOfd; and thus ended tne happiest day that Catholic North Sh:-re has ever seen. Afer the ceremony, Dr. Powell entertained the Bishop and several of the clergy to a sumptuous en erlainment. Among the clergy present were the Very Rev. Dr. Forrest, Very Rev. S. A. Sheehy, V.G , and Fathers Woolfrey and Donovan. Another instance of the irregularity and uncer tainty of the communication between the city and this suburb occurred on Sunday. The Bishop and his suite', drove to the ferry ab-ut half past 3 o'clock for the purpose ef getting back to St. Mary's ; but no steamer was to be found : both were plying in BO'iie other part of the harbour. They went up a part of the Lane Cove Road, to roturn via Kissing Point, but were told it was impracticable, as the punt there was not in working order. Will the Government — will not some gentleman of influence save the North Shore from the disgrace attached to it no account of its ill- regulated ferry? The road from the North Shore is the direct road to the Northern Districts of the colony and t» Queens la id ; and yet it can be rendered abiolireiv useless when the -w ars of a couple of wretched s ea n boats choase to let them out for some other purpose. We cm find no fault with the p-ople who own the present steam fer.y boats them out elsewhere if they cih get a tew shillings more a% by so doing ; but what can our Government be about ta allow one of the main roads of the country to be subject to such contingencies? At pre.sent, the greater part of the traffic to the North Siieie depends upon the will of the owners of two miser able little steamers; and whether their owners can do belter with them by letting them go to Cremorne or Manly Beach, or running them across the ferry No %'onder they go a. head in Victoria when we suffer such preposterous anomalies t«. exist' under our noses without taking the slightest notice of them. If a suburb like the North Shore were opposite Melbourne, /how long would it be bsftr'e a Government steam bridge connected the two aides »f thu h vhon- ? . On Monday afternoon liis Lordship the Bishop of Brisbane took, his departure by the VOlliains steamer for Muretun Bav after hiv'nsr^ i 