A NIGHT WITH THE SPIRITS. (From the Saturday Review.) MR. RICHARD DOYLE has yet a chapter on our English social habits to draw. The manners and customs of the English are not complete without a night with Hume or Foster. It is as much a part of the London season to spend a cheerful evening with ghosts, as to assist at the heavy dinner de rigueur, which is known as a meeting of creditors, or at the heavier dance or matinee dansante twenty miles out of town in the first week in June. The evening with a fash- ionable "medium" may be lively or dull ; but all things are complimentary of each other. When the spiritual world is active and com- municative—when triple tap succeeds triple; tap smoothly and in order— when mysterious harpings, played by no earthly hand, sound through the enchanted air, and the archimage himself, self-poised in the darkened but obedient ether, floats over the heads of a sympathising circle of devotees there is a good deal to be said for a seance while it lasts ; though on the pillow the unpleasant thought suggests itself of an egregious hoax. On the other hand, when the whole thing has been a dismal failure, when Cagliostro himself has been all but abashed, when every tapping and question has ended in the most ludicrous breakdown, then comes a happy reaction. If a successful night with the spirits, like all other riotous living, is succeeded by a morning of lassitude and suspicion, the unextinguishable laughter and the hour of triumph when the solemn mockery is over, and the discomfited medium has taken his departure, is well purchased by the two hours' bore which has gone before it. So, whether it succeeds or fails—whether the spirit world is communicative or suspicious—in other words, whether the circle consists of willing dupes or Sadducees, a seance is, as the phrase runs, a thing to do. The season is not complete and a whole without it ; and it is quite a moot point whether a break-down or a series of first-rate manifestations is the most amusing. Each is perfect in its way. Our own experience is, how- ever, one-sided. , The Spiritual Magasine of December an- nounced the ; immediate coming of "Mr. Foster, ah excellent medium-a very good test-medium." Mr. Foster, on the autho- rity of his American introducer, "an author of high- repute both in America and in England, and an eloquent preacher," signing himself W. M., and writing from Boston, tells us that he sees spirits and knows them, and receives communications, not only by rappings on the table, but by his hand being guided to write. Bat the peculiarity of Mr. Foster is, that " names of persons como out in bright red colour on his hands, arms, and fore- head"-a case which W. M., candidly enough, considers identical with that of tb,3rTyzo;lesjB' Ecatatica, pr, he mighthav^e a¿ds,df Sr^F^an'ctys stigmatic.. W& M. .went on to>say .that '.'.tho ro«nife«'»ti> ns-: of-' which Mr.'. ;P. >tV«* . :m»{.li i-i! jsrtl'- hî.v . F'- ' >. .»? -?«. . ? ' »i.}! < ííV'i nee in Loudon wM ba a g"od opportunity fe , i viona who wish lo investigate spiritualism. Jfpfj^bat we are to " expect from Mr. Fos'er nejw-'reveUtion or system of any kind, bat sin "n'y a few foets.** Io due time Mr. Foster ai rived ; and a highly respectable person, af.'e reading-certain remarks of the ¡Saturday Reviei nn Spiritualism, asaored us, un 1er date of 4t .J^njurya.thathe too, like ourselves, was a soi of sceptic on the matter-a confession whicl certainly does not adequately exhibit the aspee .f the Saturday Review towards Spiritualism but that he, our correspondent, who gave bi name and address, bad called with three other on Mr. Forster, 14, Bryanstone-street, Por'mai square, and was, as he s ay 3, " perfect!; astonished," Among other things, th medium on that occasion "produced in twt instances . the hames of deceased relative written as it were in lett rs of blood on hil arm." Oar friend (for he wrote in a very sen sible and straightforward way). did us . th« honour to say that he should very much Uki to know the " experience of one of our verj abie writers," as he' nicely pitt if, " of a visit tc Mr.' F.ister.1* . : . . : . ..Well, let us suppose an evening with Mr Foster, and one of our " able writers" present Let the scene be a bachelor's house in Mayfair : and let the circle confiât of aevrn or eight quiet hard-headed, and not very impressionable middle aged gentlemen, lawyers, and fellows of learnet societiesaod learned.professions, thriving mei of business, and the like. The evening being de voted to business, the gentle sex is rigidly ex eluded. The circle is composed, we may aid, of some who were entire strangers to each other Some, were only slightly known to the host, whe had charged himself with making an appoint ment with Mr. Foster. On one side, at least the preliminary correspondence was curious ; for, with all Mr. Foster's, attainments in thc spiritual" world, his acquaintance withEnglisb grammar and the art of letter- writing is at pre sent in 's very rudimentary state. Mr. Fostei was announced by W. M. as «' quite a young man." , , He is so, of very lymphatic tempera meni, with a quick, curious, and serpentine eye, a singularly unembarrassed and watchful manner, and a dawdling yet: clipped inton ation-like that of . an, American, talk' in; English BB he might suppose s Frenchman likely td talk it ; and so, when the courteous host that " Hired tbe horned fiend far forty maravedis," ?»that is to say, .two guineas-he came to May- fair, not like the Cid's devil, " With borna for toes to terrify the lädier," but smooth, subtle, r and. 'courteous,.. with a blazing diamond ring,' andhands and fingers ol a delicacy and. supple evenness of touch which would have done no discredit to Houdin 01 Frikel. ;. r, .-, .... ... . . . ' As we have just observed, Mr. Foster wac furnished with his very first credentials from high *' spiritualists" ' in ' America ; bul maw>that he has come -to London, a change has ? come over - the > estimation in which he is held by his patrons and friends. It may be that even in the spiritual world there is envy, _ hatred, and ' malice, and that jealousy may penetrate the College of Augurs.. The Spiritual Magazine at the same time recommends and all but de- nounces him. In what literary America calls an " editorial,'* nt ÍB darkly estimated in the Spiritual Magasine of Marcb, that " we have received letters from Judge Edmonds contain- ing such statements regarding Mr. Foster, that though we have : reason to believe him to be a remarkable, medium, we must decline to print any.more records of bis médîumship." And we also find tb at. Mr. Foster refused to give " Mr. Allman, of Camden-road, and Mr. Jones, of Peck- ham, ' a sitting-an intimation which re- ceives greater significance as we observe that "books for review.and communications,for the Spiritual Magazine are to be addressed to Mr. Allman, of Camden road." So that we do not quite know how Mr.. Foster stands'with his brother spiritualists. For the Spiritual Magazine foi February says, " We bear of the most startling manifestations in his presence. Some of the most sceptical of our scientific men have seen Btrange sights and surrendered at discretion," and Mr. Foster is - widely extending the great truth among tho upper ten thousand." Mr. Carter Hall, we are told, has received Mr. Foster, and testifies to hÍB first-rate powers and entire trustworthiness. So does Mr. Howitt. Mr. E. L. Blanchard's testimony is doubtful. But then the Spiritual Magasine states distinctly in reference to the visit paid by Mr. Lowe, editor of the Critic, to Mr. Foster, that his charge of i3 made by Mr Foster " was an imposition." As to the Saturday Review, of course the Spiritual Magazine places us in a difficulty. Writing in January,- the Spiritual Magazine recommends us to « see Mr. Foster, at 13, Bryanston-street," and then, when we have seen him, we shall alter our language. But tn March poor Mr. Foster is no M test? at all ; his authority is not appealed to; a "well-known correspondent pronounces judgment unfavourable to the truth- fulness of the phenomena, and speaks of what he saw - as being of the same class as wooden nutmegs;" and, finally, "Judge Ed- monds sendB .such statements regarding Mr. Foster« that the Spiritual Magazine will have nothing further to do with bim, and especially intimates suspicions that the skin-writing might be produced by very natural causes. Mri Foster, then, being tn this uncertain state as regards hts brother spiritualists, our opinion on bim will perhaps be the less important. Wo quite agree with the Spiritual Magazine that he is a " remarkable medium ;" but whether for-good or' evil-whether remarkably good or remarkably bad-we cannot pronounce. We certainly cannot say that he is an impostor,, because through two mortal hours when we were in bis society, there was nothing or next to nothing done. The solitary facts got by Mr.Foster from the spiritual world, ont of. about seventy or eighty guesses and direct and absurd failures, were the spelling out of the name of John Hil -the writing of the ' same name very badly backwards by the spirits when Mr. Foster's hand, pencil, and paper were under the table-and Mr. Foster's displaying his arm with the word ''John" coarsely scribbled in red letters about threo or four inches long upon his arm. By the way, it was the word "John" and nothing else, which, as Mr. Leighton tells us in the Spiritual Magazine, that he also' saw on. Mr. Foster's arm. Further than this we saw nothing except the dreariest mistakes. Several sealed envelopes with names inscribed were placed by the circle on the table. One alone was read by Mr. Foster, and it was that one which the writer had purposely placed in a thin envelope, aod bad intentionally made legible through the envelope. The spirit answer- ing to this name was kind enough to appeat ; but ¡it happened to be tbe name of a fictitious person, andi though- it tapped, in answer to the 'rt'i«i*t\"»n J.|'^Vjhy did,/you; leave England T' ? S.V. .iôr. j V-Viisc^ihtentcd/' jet aa the person' md the fact were alike fictitious, but little cai ba made of this revelation .of, tbe;, spirit «> a person who never ex:s ed. - The pel let i inscribed with the names of departed friends were manipulated, and abtut, once in twentj times they came right, hut beyond the mme no other converse with the spiritual . wor'd was vouchsafed. Further than this we hive nothing to say of Ur. Foster. He rolled his eyes occa- sionally, and twisted his mouth] but we~arr" bound to say that his extortion's were not ex'ra- ' vagarat, nor the ecstacy of the prophet appalling, it was altogether a terribly dull affair. As Mr. Foster candidly admitted, everything waa agaios'. the spirits. There was a frightful aggregate of severe scepticism. One unfortunate member of the circle was, very early in the seance, denounced as being utterly and painfully uninterested in the seance, though for his many sins he happened to be that one who had read as much of spiritual literature-J'tdge Edmonds, the Spiritual Te- legraph, teacher, Jackson Davis, Mr. Howitt, and the Spiritual Magazine-as most men in England. And so ends as begins our experience ' of Spiritualism, and " a remarkable medium,", We really did, by dint of perseverance, and in the proportion of about one rap out of. twenty, get as far as the surprising results of the mere and single name of Jjhn Hill; and in a selection of a dozen towns, on one occasion, the town of Singapore was, after a failure, got-we will not say guessed-out of seven or eight other names ; and Mr. Foster told us that he saw a " literary looking "spirit, who was not, however, so com- municative as might have been wished; And,, to bo very accurate, and as nearly as we can recollect, to say everything we saw, all of a audden Mr. Foster exclaimed, "lam g ing to have an inti- mation from the spirit on my, arm." And then he made some dreadfully ugly faces as if the spirit was punishing bim tremendously and then, with a very dexterous sweep of his right hand, he bared his left arm, on which we saw, | much wondering pf course, the single word i Joba, in slightly marked sprawling red charac- ters, and in less than two minutes Mr. Foster; drew bis sleeve over the word John.. But how the said word John was written we know not, and pur only thought was that' the! name i John' was * not ah' uncommon ? Christian name, nor a very unlikely ono. to turn ; ap at some moment * or ; other in j the course of two hours, dedicated solely and Ohristianly to the lively and profitable task bf | snailing out dead people's names : for further than this we never gor. And it also occurred to - us that the word John, which was the word Mr.-j Leighton saw, might . possibly have been in- j scribed by sympathetic ink before the seance , commenced. And . this is all we have to say. " Storys God bless you, I have none to tell, Sir.", We saw the single word John written in I faint reel letters on Mr. Foster's arm ; and it was rather like Mr. Foster's own writing, which is a singularly bad and ill-formed, ashwell as ill-spelt MS. And. we re-! cei ved from the spirit world the words John Hill, written thus-llih nhoj ; and, as we said, : Mr, Foster handed the pencil and the paper to the spirit who performed this remark- j able act of caligraphy, while Mr Foster's own hand was also under the t»ble! ' And to say the truth, this was rather dear at two guineas ; and we are afraid that our- excellent host got sadly laughed at foi his loss of money. The circle', certainly lost a good deal of time and some little temper: and it only .did. not go to sleep, because it was just as .well to see the absurdity out. If any of our readers are disposed to test j or verify these experiences, it is enough to say : that probably just the same results will attend just ' the same mode of conducting a' seance. If people go,to.a medium ready and, desirous to be impressed, and on the look- out and expectation ¡for marvels, most likely marvels will come.. The.dieipitur, will attend the populus vult dtcipi. But as in this instance | which we have narrated, if the inquirers will simply do nothing - hot interfere with the medium, nor perplex him, not ask questions, not. start difficulties, not launch theories or investi- gate, but simply do nothing-and if with all the dulness, stupidity, apathy, and insouciance which on this ocoasion so evidently annoyed and baf- fled Mr. -- (we mean the spirits), they will, only quietly open their eyes and ears, and shut ' their mouths and seo what the spirits will send them-why in that case, as in our own, there will most likely be nothing to tell. . . | We must be distinctly understood as giving no opinion whatever as to what- happens under, j other.- circumstances at Mr. Fostei'a seances.. We have only to apeak of a single experience,' , and we have nothing to say about it.; , Dei\V\ilo,: as well as * nihilo, nihil. The oracle, when we visited the tripod, was dumb. , Such things, we frankly own, have happened even at Dodoni or Delphi. Most likely other postulants may be more lucky or more credulous, and a certain amount of sympathy is, we can quite under- stand, necessary to raise the veil róf Isis. -; We do not deny that to others, more' fortunate than ourselves,.; V the affirmative raps " aro only given when the right paper.,.- is touched." In our oise they were given when' the wrong paper was touched, srid the wrong letters on the card pointed ot. Far be it from ns to deny' that a hand-" plainly a hand,' about which hand there is no mistake "--rises above the mystic table. We . only say that no hand was revealed to us ; nor was" the offer of any such arcana made.- Nor, again, dowe say a single, word against,Mr. Foster's good faith. As to the word f imposture," it is singularly in- applicable as far as this single testimony goes. Imposture implies something imposing and somebody taken in by it. Here there was nothing to impose. We record our own experience simply because, as the thing is fashionable, it may be somebody's else lucie to draw a blank. A gentleman who writes in the Time», has evidently had a prize. Some people have a run of luck. Mr. Foster himself has'. .bis harvest at present ; and no doubt the many guineas he got will be more than doubled by the clever but cautious advertisement which appeared in The Times of Thursday. Let him make hay while ho can ; plenty of other vultures: will swoop down on the carcase of British cre- dulity. Mr. Foster will not have it all his own way-or will not hare it long. Not only is the Spiritual Magazine sulky, suspicions, er envious, but a worthier Yankee medium is on tho sea. Mr: Charles" Colchester, so favourably spoken of by Mr. Coleman in his American excursion, is expected by the middle of March ; and no doubt from the collision of prophets the outside world may learn something. Tba Gazelle of the Academy .of .Sr. Petersburg eon tains the following :-" Wa naderttsnd that,on the pro- position of the committee of foreign censorship, 'he sile' of some works hitherto prohibited in Bassit is now «! lowed in all1 the' booksellers* shops, end that the eora. millee hss 'bseri ehtrse'd tó~ re examine all'the booka «bñh-have been'pronibited at daren't periods, arid give kt opinion on the subj oti* '. '^ , ,' 