THEATRE ROYAL \--- Mr. Lyster's third opera season has opened auspiciously, although the event has not been un- attended with excitement due to extraneous causes, and with a display of discordant feeling rarely witnessed insido the walls of a colonial theatre. The house was crowded in every part, and it must have been difficult to find standing room in any place from which a view of the stage could be obtained. Those who are accustomed to scan tho faces of large assemblages might have divined, from the aspect of many of those present, that there was "something in the wind," that a demonstration of some kind was brew- ing. The pit audience included many visi- tors not ordinarily found in that portion of the house, and there was a sort of uneasy curiosity visible in the countenances of some of the most regular attendants at operatic perform- ances. Mr. Reiff's appearance in the orchestra was the signal for a general and extremely cordial burst of applause, and the applause was renewed at the conclusion of the eoverture, which was played with great spirit by the band. When the curtain drew up for the first act of "Martha," discovering Madame Lucy Escott and Miss Hodson, the plaudits were again vehement and unanimous; but in the Richmond Fair scene, when Mr. Squires made his first appear- ance on the stage, there was an extraordinary manifestation of good and ill-will on the part of the audience. The cheers, which were loud and vehement, seemed to emanate chiefly from the dres-circle and stalls; the groans and hisses from the upper-circle, pit, and gallery. For some minutes there was a vigorous contest between the two parties. When there was a lull in the storm of applause, the dissidents took up the groaning and hissing with great energy; aud these presently succumbed to the more sonorous "hurrahs;" rendering it very dif- ficult for anyone to decide whether the "ayes" or the "noes" were in a majority. Mr. Squires comported himself with much tact and good temper throughout, though evidently nervous and embarrassed. Once or twice, like the Ghost in Hamlet, he did address himself to motion like as he would speak, but the attempt was defeated by the tumult which was raised. At length the manager appeared upon the stage, but he failed to obtain a hearing, and finally a momentary subsidance of the storm enabled Mr. Squires to make himself audible, and having once obtained the ear of the house no further opposition was offered to his address. In effect, he repented the substance of the letter which he published some time since in our columns. He deprecated the original publi- cation of the letter, which he had addressed to a friend in California, and stated that an erroneous construction had been put upon a phrase which he had never intended to apply offensively. He vary much regretted what had occurred, and having made this apology for an unintentional reflection upon the English character he trusted they would bear in mind the old English maxims and let byegones be byegones. With this explana- tion the audience seamed to be perfectly satisfied; and a well-timed remark from Mr. Farquharson led to an explosion of laughter, followed by a cry of " Three cheers for Farquharson," which was promptly responded to, and the opera, the pro- gress of which had been suspended for about a quarter of an hour, was proceeded within perfect good-humour on all sides. " Martha" has been so frequently performed' and with the same cast as last night, that it is unnecessary to give any detailed notice of it. Both the soprano and the tenor seem to have benefited by their "long vacation;" and although Mr. Squires was somewhat disconcerted by the demonstration, he recovered from its effects before the end of the second act, and con- ciliated all parties by his excellent singing, winning an encore, aud receiving the honour of a call before the curtain. Madame Lucy Escott's exertions were as brilliantly effective as heretofore, and obtained the recognition thoy merited ; nnd Mr. Farquharson was compelled lo repeat the well-known drinking song. There are some departments in which the company ob- viously requires strengthening, and we hope that Mr. Lyster will soon receive the reinforcements for which it is understood that he has sent to England. At the fall of the green baise curtain the applause excited by the performance re- ceived a sudden stimulus from the orchestra's striking up the National Anthem, and the effect upon the audience was almost electric. Between two aud three thousand people rose to their feet as by one impulse. The departure of numbers who were about to leave the theatre was arrested, all heads were uncovered, and the appearance of the house at this momont was very striking-it would be scarcely an exaggeration to say imposing. The curtain rose, disclosing to view the whole of tho company, with one or two exceptions, and the principals, advancing to the front sang "God save the Queen" with thrilling effect, Madame Lucy Escott's voice pealing high and clear above the rest. At tho end of the anthem a hearty cheer rose from all parts of the housoe and the audience, having assorted its loyalty, melted away, to discuss at their supper tables the un- accustomed scene of which they had been the spectators. ____________ N VTIONAI, MrjSFOTii -The number of visitors to tho Museums of Natural llutory, Geology, Mininr», and Agriculture, during tho week ending 15th February was C58 The museums aro open to the pubho daily (Sundays excopted), from ton a m till six p m , in tho north side of tho , University. ' COMMISSIONER OF MINES -WO do not be- lieve that the people of this distrtot aro in tho least dissatisfied that thero is not in the prosent Cabinet a successor to tho first Commissioner of Mines, nor do we think tha tbo appointment of a Minister to presido speoiully over the Mining Department would have an j effect whatever towards inspiring thom with confidence in its ad ministration-Dayleifot d Exprcsi Teh 12 h VRGE SVAKE -Mr ti M Garrard brought to Geelong, on Sa. urday, the skin of a snnko st ven and a half feet long, which ho killed in a patch of mnlltp scrub, on his station near Sn'an Ulli on the Murray Tho snake was of tho boa kind In its stomach wc ro found tho thigh bono of a wallaby, and somefui or hair. Mr Garrard says tha* snakes of between five and seven feet aro bv no means rare in that part of the country, but the sevon and n half feet one is the largest ho ever killed -Geelong Advertiser, Fcb 17 MORTALITY Let us havo a cup of tea before starting, it will nor TO me at all ovonts for enr-ountenng a M ¿ht to which I am bv no means partial- he relics of mortality "Relics of mor- tality ' ' said Dr Hawke, "you make mo smile Do not these relics encounter us everywhorof have we them not on the dtnner-tahle in the snape of tho smoking sirloin' and at this season when the yulo log blazes in the hall, and tho wassail cup l oes around, does not tho boar's head placed nt tho hoad of tho table with a lemon in its mouth pi each as eloquent of mortality ns tomo of our preachers do, when with minno voice and artificial tears they Bimulate a grief they neier f It, mid hurrv through tho service to get home to tho leg of mutton, which revolves slowly at tho uro, and tliev are anxu us to partake of it before its rich juices have been exhaled ? Why, thero is not a placo, and scarcely nn hour of tho day, but those relics mort us What is tho upoiige with .vhich I wash my f »co in tho morning, but a relic of mortality Î it »neo offertd a home to countless thousands of minute creatures Wba* aro those Bhppers in which I found you toasting jour feet before tho fire hut n lies of mortalité ? At no dis ant day hey formed an intigral part of a calf, a cow, or ishrtp And though I c innot speak vorj parti cul irlj of that red nieht-cap which vou employ to protect your head from tno dreadful draughts wi li which thiB house is filled, I should sup poso it a relic of mortality too, and that once it was a part (if an einmal which has long since ceased to exist "-Vanity Church. Ni OKOFS -1 hero aro considerable numbers in thu Northern StatOB, under tho immediate eyo of fhe abohtioniHts, so eagor for the welfare of all those who aro distant Large numbers of these uro m a state of denloroblo poverty and degrada tion, excluded froju all but the lowest pursui s, treatetl on all hami« with iivernton and contempt Charity begins a home The benevolence that takes no heed nf suffering within its reach, m order to occupy itself with distant and unattam able objouts, may Bpring from a pure impuh> e, but it takes a very questionable direction.- 2/ie American t min. By Tames Spon'Mt, 