; NEW INSOLVENTS. r Thomas Cnrley, of Brighton, Into farmor. Causes of insolvency : .From an advorso ver- .dict in S upreinoUourt, mid pressure of oreditors. Debts, L120 lis 10 id ; nssets, L5 ; deficiency, Lli5 lis lOid. Mr. Slinw, official assignee. aamuoi aoimson, into tjoaranigliouso- keeper, of Great Bourko street, Melbourne. Causes of insolvency: Bad debts, sickness in family, and fines and imprisonment from not being able to pay a third fine. Debts, L43 12s 21 ; assets, L14 5s ; deficiency, L31 7s 2d. Mr. Laine," official assignee. William Thomas Tyrrell, of Drummond street, green grocer. Causes of insolvency : Falling off in businsss, and depreciation in tlio value of proporty. Debts, L125 lis 7id ; assets, L63 4s 9id j dofioienoy, L57 Gs 10d.' Mr. Goodman, official assignee. James Burnside, of Sandhurst, quartz-, crusher. Causes of insolvency : From losses in.qunrtz-erushing nnd mining, and inability, to renliso assets. Debts, LG49 los 7d ; assets, LG09 Us Gd; deficiency, L40 4s. Id. Mr. Jacomb, official assignee. ' A ICodel Body Guard. — "Brick" Pome- i'oy,:of tlio La Crosse (Wis.) Democrat, on- being invited to assist in forming a body guard for President Lincoln, and, aftor duo considera tion, decided to "go in," provided the following basis could bo adopted and rigidly ndhorod to' throughout- tho .war: The company shall be. entirely composed of colonels, who shall draw pay and rations in ndvanco.- Every: man Bhnll havo a commission, two servants, and white kids! Each man shall be hiountod in a covered buggy, drawn by two white stollions. Under the Bent of oach buggy shall be a'cup- board, containing cold ' chicken, pounded ice, and champagne, a la members of Congress, and military officers at Bulls Run. Eaoh man poker with. Tho only sidearmstobe opera glasses, champagno glasses, and gold beaded canes, The: duty of the company shall bo to tnko obser- Tations of battle,. and on no account slmil it be' allowed to approach. nenror|hnnd than ton miles of the seat of war. Behind paoh' buggy shall be an ambulance, so arranged as uto.be. converted .into a first-class boarding lioasq in . tliB day time, and a sumpinqu3 sleeping and jlressing. room at.night. Tlie regimontnl - band must be composed ol pianos, nnd guitnr3, played by young ladies, who shall hover play n quickstep 'oxcept in caso of retreat. Roveilio shall not bo sounded till lato breakfast time, and not thon if any one oi tho regiment has a'hoadacho. In case , of lv ' forced , 'march into nn onomy's country, two miles a: week shall bo the maximum, and no marches sllall - be made except tlio . country abound "in gsnio. or if any member of tlio regiment object. /Kid gloves, gold tooth-picks, cologno, hair dressing, : silk; underclothes, cosmetics, and all other rations, to bo furnished by the Government. Eiioii member of tlio regiment shall bo allowed a.roportcr from some Now . York pnpor, who 'shall draw a salary of two hundred dollars a week for pulls, from tho "Incidental " fund. Eyery member shall bo in command, and wl en one is promoted nil aro to be. Commissions never to bo revoked.— Minors'. (Pottsville) Journal. ... .i.\ ; Perpetual Solitude. — Thp following walk in a churchyard nt Labradoro is not with out a fleeting suggestions :— A bottel- resting- pluoe, when ono lies down weifry from1 tho tasks nnd troublos of tho presont life, could not well bo imagined. Its perpetual solitude never profaned by the noisy feot of tho busy world, draped alternately with snow fleeces nnd blooming vorduro, is always mado »ilsical by the solomn murmurs of tho ocean. I fbund by tlio inscriptions that England Agis tlio native country of most.. of 'those whoso bones reposo below, nnd whoso names«ero gathering inoss and liohons, while tlio sen, close by, sings thoir mournful rcquiom. From this lono linmlot of tlio dead, we picked our way among broken rocks out to tbe sea shore, nit white with tho sounding surf, and enzod with silent pleasure on the blue Atlantic, tlio dark head lands, and the ieeborgs glittoring in tiie sunset. Glittering in the sunsot ! Tlioy glowed with crolrlan lire— -nohitod. mnHnnlpss. nil nnlirl flames. — Noble's Iceland. ' Our Meals.— Breakfast is a obeerfal meal in A country gimtlemnn's house ; perhaps the most so ot any. Aiiuiciicon is a ssremoio, n sort, of voluntary, at 'which tho spiVtsmpfi of a family never appear. Dinner, to bo good and agreeable, must be attended by a certain amount of pomposity ; and - tin's cihnato is nltogother too cold by Bevon or oight o'clock p.m., for lightness nnd eleganoo, unaccompanied by a genial warmth of magfiificeace and state. An English gentleman is without a rival in an evening dress, but it is the only time when an Englishwoman may appear to throw qwny n chance. Slio will always, in point of beauty, distance foreign competition ; but candlelight gives an opening to artifioial ndornmont, whioh brings n clevor arid unscrupulous rival near lior level. ' Nothing lias a ghost of a cliarico with ri well-dressed Englishwoman at a breakfast table. And its charm of propriety and oase, If s com bination of- order and sociability, eyen its nowspapcr gossip and opistolary comments, place it nt tlio bead of doinc-stio enjoyments. It is to tbb day wligt youth is todjfe;. Some what too short, but a season ofVKTniisa ! alns ! not nlwavs to be fulfilled. — Charlie ThoriMll. Springing ''a Plant."— For souks _time past the police liavo bean aware that illicit distillation is carried on extensively in tbe immodiuto neighbourhood of town ; Aotwith- standing, all their efforts to discover tho where abouts of tho interesting manufacture proved unsuccessful until Satarday last, wlten the inspector sprung a plant in the iiumodjato vicinity of the Police-court. Yo3terdny morn ing tho apparatus and its proprietor, Mr. Matthew Tully, licenced victualler, figured on tho floor of 'tlie Police-court, the latter to answer tho charge of having the former up&t; his promises, and grog upon his shelves which had not paid duty. Tlio case, however, was dismissod, on tho application of Inspector Greon, to have' it tried in tho Supremo Court, Melbourne, but upon tlio defendant leaving the Court ho was re-arrested and by tlio mid day train convoyed to Melbourne. Tho .nromises in which tho plant wtB found is a very; old-eBtablishod hotel. — (Jeelong 4iver- User',. 17th Juno. Mr. Francis Lsvolie, brother of tho xf oil- known Father Lavelle, was killed on tlio 'evening preceding Good Friday, by felling off his horsc,nearPartry. 