LEGAL INTELLIGENCE. MAYOR'S COURT. FJUDAV, JANUARY 3H», 1862. Before the Right Worshipful the Mayor and Messrs. Aldermen Cook, Murdoch, Lewis, and Crisp. 1'OI.Tfli. Acting Sergeant Qitaiii, Citif Policc >'• Constable Vauyhan, of the inline. t'nrre. Mr. Crisp for complainant; Mr. Graves for defendant. The defendant appeared before the eourt to answer to a churge laid by information of having, on the 27tli September last, assaulted the plaintiff. He pleaded not guilty. Mr Crisp said that the case was very simple. Complainant, in company with another constable, was on duty in 1'atriek-s'lieel, on the 27tJi Dee. last, and hearing a noise which he thought suspicious, he stopped. He wits accosted hv defendant who asked him in au insolent manner what he wanted. He (plaintiff) remonstrated with defendant, who called people to witness the disturbance, with a view of graving- that plaintiff was the aggressor. Defendant, as soon ns the parties had gone on, assaulted the plaintiff; and what for ? Because he is remonstrated with by his superior officer. It was necessary in such cases to inflict the heaviest penalty of tlie law, or else no order could he maintained in the camp. Defendant then resorts to a very ohl dodge,knowing tliat a report would be made of bis conduct, he goes and lays a counter information against the plaintiff; he would find, however, that the Bench were too old for such a trick. Acting Sergeant Richard Qnnin baring been sworn, gave the following evidence:—1 am the complaimint in this case. Oil the night of the STtli December his!, between eleven and twelve o'clock, I was oil duty in i'atrick- street. 1 met with constable Mnhoney. who was also on duty between Campbell and l'.-iiriek-sireetfl. As'j went up the street 1 saw some one crouching down in n lane between two houses; I looked; it was defendant. Whilst we were looking Vaughnn came over to the footpath and sa'il " What do you •tvant?" "What are you looking at? Do you think I have committal a-robbery i"' Jlanoney said "can't we look." 1 then said "we heard a noise and 1 was looking to see if it was ail right, and that 1 would always satisfy myself that all was right before I went away." Defendant came to the fence nnd stiid " He off out of this; you have no business licit 1 !" A man and woman were passing at the time and he called them to him and said " Mr. Mitson, this is a Sergeant of Police, and 1 am also connected with the Police. 1 call your attention to his conduct.'' Mitson said he did not want to interfere, nnd went with the woman. 1 went to the fence close to Vauglian and said " It is a meau thing to call the attention of parties and try and make them believe tliat I am the aggressor." Some words ensued, and Vauglian drew back from the fence and struck me with liis clenched list on the side of the head. He was inside the fence. He then ran into the entry, and called to his wife to get his coat and lic'd come out. I saw 110 more of him that night. 1 went to the Superintendent and made a verbal report, and in the morning sent in a written charge. By the Bench:—1 did not hold my hand in a fighting attitude. By Mr. Graves.-—I did not coll defendant « d——d scoundrel. 1 spoke ill a very excited manner. I used 110 violence. I did not say 1 would lock him up like any other rulHnn. 1 said I would lock him up. The parley lasted a few minutes. J could have passed on if I hail liked; but when he sjwke to ine I spoke 1o liini. Defendant spoke first. He was on liis own premises. I did not know Vanghan's premises. I knew him the moment he spoke. Constable Ala honey was •with mc. Wc have had a little conversation on the case. There has been no coolness between myself nnd defendant. He was not on duty that night. X received a summons to appear in tlie Police Court tit suit of Vauglian, in which summons I tun cliargcd with assaulting him. 1 received it before tlie 31st December. By Mr. Crisp:—The only conversation 1 had with Mahoney on the case was when he expressed himself astonished that Vauglian should have struck mc. Constable Mahoney having been duly sworn, it appeared from his evidence that Vauglian had spoken first, and he, Mahoney, had answered him, and then Sergeant Quain took up the conversation. He (Mulioney) saw the plaintiff hold his hand close to defendant's face. He said if it was not for the coat he wore he would mow down a field of audi men ns defendant, for the manner in which he had insulted liini. Witness did not think that plaintiff held up his hand with the intention of striking defendant. The noise which attracted the attention of the constables •was the sound of a footstep on the gravel, and the Wealthy dosing of a gate. The plaintiff had lifted. his hand once or twice. The disturbance lasted ' for four " or five " minnt^g ' Quain " held up j liis hand twice before defendant struck him. Defendant was insolent to tlie sergeant In tlie cross-examination by Mr. Graves, it appeared tliat tlie witness had known a coolness to exist between plaintiff and defendant, ever since the promotion of the former, who had heeh only nine months in the force, whereas the defendant had served for nine years. The conduct of the defendant both iu word aud manner towards the plaintiff was such as to cxrite any man, nnd plaintifl's words and manner were pretty much of the same character. Witness heard pkintiffcal! defendant" the scum of tlieeartli." This was the case for the prosecution. Mr. Graves, for the defence, said that lie could call witnesses if the Bench wished it, hut IK thought tliat the circumstances already shewn were sufficient. The present case is an exemplification of the words of Burke, tliat it is tlie curse of the service to give promotion by Interest instead of by merit. He considered that one who proves so violent as Mr. Quain was hardly fitted for the position of ail Acting Sergeant in the Police Force. He had not only a good defence, but law upon his side. In tlie first instance the Act under which the information was laid did not embrace tlie case. The Act specified misconduct inthcofflccof constable refer to whether lie is on duty or off duty. His Worship explained tliat it bad been determined ou by the Bench of Magistrates that a constable, whether on or ofl duty is liable to the supervision of tlie Superintendent. Mr. Graves, in continuation, contended tlrnt an assault was not embraced by tlie Act iu question, but w as especially provided for elsewhere. This Act referred to misconduct. Mr Crisp —You argue that an assault iB not misconduct? Mr Graves—Not by this act, and, as a leamed brother said yesterday, "I'll stake my reputation on my argument. There had evidently existed an ill-feeling between the parties in this case. Vauglian naturally enough felt annoyed at the plaintiff being promoted over liis head, Quain having only served some nine months, whereas be could produce the highest testimonials of conduct during a period of nine years. This coolness then existed between them; the night was clear and starlight; the plaintiff and Constable Malioney were on duty; wlint did they see? Was it a ghost? No,—it was a man. Constable Mahoney heard a noise of a footstep on the gravel. What of that,—is not u man to move without being looked upon as«thief'! The fact is, they wanted to make some oxeusu to interfere with Vauglian, and make an opportunity of creating a disturbance. Quain's manner was most aggravating, lie (Mr Graves) did not think Quain a very quiet man. He should say he was not the man to listen to aggravating words. It was very natural in him to strike Vauglian. He liad no doubt Vauglian struck Quain, but he in au aggravating and threatening manner shook his band in Vaughau's face. A man when threatened is not to wait to be struck. Vauglian was neither drunk nor disorderly. It was irritalbig to his feelings to see Quain, a man placed over his head, as lie thought, unjustly, aggravating him at his own fcnce for ten minutes. Quain said lie would mow down a field of such men;—was not this annoying? Circumstances do not lead us to believe tliat Vauglian struck Quain. He went in and got his coat, nnd laid an information tliat vciy night. Tluil case should have beeu tried in the l'olicc Court yesterdav, but he (Mr Graves) was unfortuuntelv unable 1o attend, and it was postponed till next Tu'jsJav. Vauglian did not strike the plaintiff till 'he bad been aggravated, and lie (Mr Graves) was sure that the Bench would decide that it served liini right. The Bench retired. On resuming liis 6oat, His Worship said that the Magistrates having duly weighed the evidence 1 ill the case, considered that Vauglian was wrong • in giving an impertinent answer to bis superior officer. Had he not done so none of this disturbance could have taken place. Sergeant Quain was de.'.i<lc:lly wrong in quarrelling with Vaughan ou liis own premises, lie should have said, " 1 will report your condact," and have p.isseil oil. The Bench have doubts ns to Sergeant Quain's being qualified for his position ; his future conduct would shew whether he be so or not. 11c had acted very badly. Tile conduct of both parties was most reprehensible, therefore the cay; mis dismissed and Constable Vauglian reinstated. 