INSOLVENCY COURT. MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 15. [Before His Honor Mr. Commissioner Macdonald.] IN RE B. NATHAN. Adjourned final hearing. Mr Ingleby for the insolvent; the Attorney General for the assignees ; Mr. Knox for the bnion Bunk- Mr Bu'Ot for Mr. Eowett; and Mr. Bake ' Inglebv. said he was bookkeeper for Mr. Nathan. ! j He could have heard distinctly in hu room what tic Boss might have saiO. tQ Mr. Nathan, Be Taeinbered Boas selling some cOrasacks when he -tfioas); was, broker for JfenHanoli- 'Saw Boss ?himself first, when, he said he wished to make a sale of cornsocks to. Mr.- Nathan, and.produced a sample,, which sample he objected to as being what .they termed under weight. itoss then said he thought they were not too light,- and asked him to induce Mr. Nathan to purchase them. Showed Mr. jXaUxan.th&»ainp!e of. the sacks, and he also thought thev.were too lighr, and a diifereat descriution of sack:. to what they bad generally purchased. KecoUccted tlie sale being conclwled shortly after wards. . -Would swear. thai -Mr. Nathan did not refer Itoss to the Union Bank. Must have heard such a reference if it had been mado. By Mr. Bakewell— Suck a conversation did nit take place in hi.s presence. Did nut say that Mr. Nathan might not have had such a. conversation elicvhere. Never heard of Mr. Na:han making a reference to the Union Bank. Knew a statement of assets and liabilities was made out by Mr. Lasir aud sent tu the Bank. Never saw the state ment himself. Was acquainted witii Mr. Nathan's liiMjks. !mt could not sliv whether tliere was £tf.0U0 to ni3 cremt at that time. Itichard Oito Bamlt stated that he was in the employ of Mr. Nathan in December, ISo'l. About December 'Dj he saw 3lr. Koss in Mr. Nathan's cuuutin.K-house. Believed it was in reference to a transaction about bags. Anything that passed between Mr. Ilossand Mr. Nathan, if he were in the room, ha could hear distinctly. Did not hear .Mr. Nathan say anything referrin? Mr. Koss to lhe Union Bank for the state of his credit. . - ; The, insolvent stated, in reply to Mr. Ingleby, that when he said he made purchases in February to the amount of £2,77ij he did not mean they were bought at that time. They were entered at the time they were accepted, and put iu February's account, lc was usual, uutess. a, .special arrange ment was made, to accept the goods on the iirst of the mouth. When tire cheque forjKW.was re fused, he stopped all proceedings, but a small pur chase of bags, took place alter that, liecollected purchasing some cornsaeks from Mr. Koss. The sale was '.-oncluded in his office, in the presence of .Messrs. Huldemesse and Bamlt. -Did not refer Boss on that occasion to the Union JtSank. JSever Heard anything of it tili it was stated in. Court. If such a conversation had taken place, Bandt must have heard it. The first' time he had the slightest sus picion of stopping was .on January :JL On that day he asked Mr. Crawford why he had dishonoured the cheque, and he toiJ him that he *uad ovenlrawn i3,tj(W. . On look ing at the accounts, houever, they found bills of Iadiug for £1,000 had not been placed to his creiit, and Mr. Crawford did not appear to be aware of it. By Mr. Bakewell— Did not make a reference to the Bank. If he bad been asked for a reference, he would not have given it, as he thought he was independent, and he .should have looked upon it as an insult. Had no recollection of ever being asked for a reference. By the Attorney-General— January 31st was the first time he suspected he would have to stop; but he was noc then at all sure about it. The mill at Bowden went on tilt February 14, and one small purchase of bags, was made. Did not operate on his account after that date. Mx. Crawford pa:d two cheques, but not by his directions, and certain farmers might have presented their cheques after that date. He referred above tu.theBialto'sbill of lading. It was endorsed on Januorv £-. There - was no draft against it at that date. The draft was lodged in tlie Bank, he believed, on the '2Sth but at any rate-prior to the 31st. .Remembered taking the bill of lading up himself. The draft was forwarded perhaps the .-day he received it cr the following. The. bill, produced was the one referred to. It was dated June 3J, and the cheque was dishonoured on January 29. As soon as the dishonoured cheque was presented to liini he not money elsewhere and paid it. The statement Mr. Crawford made that he asked him whether he was insolvent, and he replied he was, was not correct. Relieved he was solvent on January :S1, but he did not really know. Hail some suspicion that he was not His books were several months back. Saw Mr. Crawford on the b'th February. He asked him to hand over the bills by the Margaret Thompson, and he told him that he would not do so until he had consulted ' his solicitor.- Hal frequently con versed with Mr. Crawford about his Enirlish debts.' Did not specially tell him, as he knew it very well. One-third of the bills-i30,00U-drawn last year went to England. Mr. Crawford had asked him how he stood with his English creditors. Had told him what he owed to David Nathan, and said he was going to give him a mortgage Jor seven years at 5 per cent. Could not remember when 'these conversations took place. The Attorney- General said he appeared for tha assignees a=; to the question of certificate, and for the Onion Bank- and. Messrs. Solomon & Co. to support the charges laid by them. With reganl to the Bank, he said it appeared by the evidence of Mr. Crawford that in Jlarch, . 1S61, the insolvent had. an overdraft at the Union Bank for i2,U7:L which was partly covered by securities deposited with the Bank. The Manager, however, on going over them objected to the value put on them by the previous Manager, and reduced the overdraft to some £1,401) or £1,500. Then it appeared he (Mr. Crawford) had an interview with the insulvent in July, 1SGI. On July, 27, -in consequence of a cheque being presented, he requested .Mr. Nathan to meet him. He asked the insolvent to furnish him with the state of his affairs, and he furnished the statement which has been put. Mr.- Crawford then understood that there were no .other ? liabilities, and t!ie .ins'ii vent told jiim that the balance between ihe assets and liabilities was what he was worth. Upon this he was allowed to go on, but no further credit would have been given had it not been for this. He should have to show that the insolvent contracted tins debt with the Bank, and that he used fraud to induce Mr. Crawford to give him the overdraft. and he wouiu can particular attention to Mr. Crawford's evidence on this point. In the state ment the insolvent furnished no reference was made to his English creditors. Mr. Nathan had attempted to get oik of it in different ways, and he called attention to the inconsistency in tiie insol vent's statements that day and on the previous hearing. The insolvent said Mr. Crawford knew of them, hut he could fix no date as to when he told him. and, except the small amount secured to David Nathan, Mr. Crawford swore he knew nothing about ihein. The insolvent was obliged to admit that there was no special state ment on the subject, and where a man plated his defence on inconsistent ground the Court would not take his statements in preference to the clear evidence of Mr. Crawford, lie was asked to make a clear statement of his assets and liabilities and yet no mention was made at that time of his English debts, which amounted to many thousands of pounds, it was therefore clear that Nathan, in obtaining this overdraft, was jniilty of fraud, and that the concealment of the liabilities in England was a fraud of the most serious nature, not only in obtaining the overdraft, but also in bolstering up his credit. If Mr. Crawford knsw of these lia bilities it could not be supposed that he, in per formauce of. his duty to the IJank and to himself, would have, allowed the insolvent to have this overdraft He thought His Honor must come to the conclusion that the insolvent, in making this statement, wilfully withheld the English creditors. A subsequent* statement -was a!.so supplied to Mr. Crawford, but no mention was made in that of the English debts. It was not ''attempted 'to be said that at these meetings he ever said what were his English creditors. The insolvent merely made a general statement, upon which it would be impossible to fix a charge of perjury, that Mr. Crawford must have known of them. Iu answer to that thev had the positive statement of Mr. Crawford that he did not. From a statement which had been put in by the insolvent it was Clear that the insolvent looked upon his English .creditors as persons who could call upon him at any time. He thought, therefore, that His Honor must come to the con clusion on the uncontradicted statement of Mr. Crawford that the debt was contracted by false statements. With regard to the other charge that it was contracted without, reasonable expectation of pavment, he remarked that it was contracted at a' time when the' insolvent was unable to xo on without the assistance of the Bank, and this would 'equally apply to the debt of Messrs. Sohmon & Co. The only ex pectation of paying Solomon s was that it would be paid by the Bank Inifore they discovered the concealment, of his affairs, and he ought to have known the moment the Bank found out what he himself should have divulged that they would stop his credit. But' there were other matters in the evidence which must show that for many months prior to his insolvency lie had contracted debts without any expectation of payment. All he could rely on was the forbearance of his overdraft, and the Bank would keep him on so long as he concealed his English creditors. Those charges he therefore submitted were proved. Witli regard to the class of certificate, lie. would call the atten tion of the Court to the state of the insol vent's books. 'The report of the accountant and the insolvent's own admissions showed that the lwoks were kept in a most care less, manner. The insolvent was, therefore, guilty of not keening proper books of account,, and of gross negligence, me (jourt wouiu also consider the reckless manner in which he had carried on business. His debts had become larger since, by means of fraud, he induced the Bank to grant him more assistance. They appeared to have in creased from. November to the time of his insol vency; but it was evident from the statement put in that at this time he must have known he was hopelessly insolvent; It-appeared that during the last few months he made the most reckless, trading, buying goods to the amount of thousands of pounds, and obtaining advances upon them: but when Che ;hills became due he was insolvent Though he was not prepared to submit that the insolvent should have a third- class certificate, yet he thought the certificate granted should have the utmost suspension attached to it. ?ilr. Bagot addressed the Court with reference to tlie charge of the insolvent contracting a debt with Mr. liowett without probable expectation of pay ment The learned gentleman detailed tlie trau sactions between the insolvent and Mr. liowett, and submitted that the insolvent, when he gave Mr. Eowett a bill for wheat, must have beeu aware of Ins inability to meet it , -,. Mr. Bakewell said he represented six creditors, all of whom charged the insolvent with contracting debts without reasonable expectation of payment; and with regard to.Harrold Brothers and Acraman, Main. Lindsay, & Co. they laid the further charges of contracting their debts fraudulently, .and -he would deal with the last charges first. It was undoubted that in July last the insolvent made a statement to his banker that over and above all his debts he had ift&'C'. Mr- Crawford stated that he never heard of the English creditors until after Iho insolvency. That being the case, in Dceeinlxsr last Harold Brothers emoloyed Mr. Boss to sell some COrnsacfcStO tne insolvent, aim w me i-uurae ui me sale the insolvent referred him to the Union Bank. Mr Harrold accordingly went to his banker, feeling unfavourable to Mr. Nathan before doing so, and the Bank, acting ou this statement furnished them by the insolvent, said he was good for £500. This was on December 6, and shortly afterwards he was insolvent. The amount of evidence was in favour of a reference being made. Mr. Holdernesse and the other clerk said they did not hear it ; but it was very possible that such a reference would not be made in their presence. There was nothing to contradict Mr. Ross's statement, and the balance of testimony was greatly in favour of that state- ment. The insolvent was there to endeavour to clear himself from a serious charge; but Mr. Ross was a disinterested witness,. That charge he therefore thought must be held to be proved. With regard to Acramaii s charge, the reference did not' appear to be so direct No special reference was mudo to the Bank; but the Bank, acting on the statement given in July, induced them to trusc tue jnsui.eut. »- nere a written statement was put in the hands of the hanker it must |be held to be used by tha: banker. There was a general authority given to Sir. Craw ford, and until that had been withdrawn, it might be «ta*ed whether, under tlie direct authority of the insolvent or not. This debt would not have been contracted had it not been for this statement, Iu- which they had been deceived with regard to the insolvent's credit. V- ith regard to the other chaifees, that he bad no reasonable expectation of payment, he would not dwell upon them, as the Attorney-General and 'Mr. Bigot. had addressed themselves to them, and used every argument in support of them. It was perfectly clear that in December last; when -the debts were contracted, he was hopelessly insolvent— there was not the ghost of a chance of his being able to get through. It was in evidence that at tint time he wanted £20.000 to pay 20s. in tlie pound, and he must l-e held to know vdiat was liis position— it was not for him to plead ignorance. He could not help thinking tills was a case where the insolvent had shown himself to be unnorthr of the con sideration of . his creditors. He h:ul not been making any special profits, and had lived at the rate of £1,500 a year on capital. He thought His Honor would consider the charges fully proved, tnd he could not avoid calling attention to the effect of his dealings in December. H.ul he stopped payment then he would have decreased the dividend payable among the creditors; but the large pur chases after that date gave the later creditors a much larger dividend. Mr. Ingleby intended rather to reply to the more salient points introduced by his learned friend than moke any particular comments upon the evidence. There were three distinct heads of position— one of contracting debts by means of fraud ; the second, by contracting debts without any probability of payment; and the third, the question of certificate. Mr. Bakewell had wished it to be understood that the_ insolvent had made much larger purchases dnring the last few months than before that time. If such were the case no suspension of the certi ficate would be too severe, but he denied the fact that tlie purchases were larger. If His Honor went through' the books he would find the insolvent had been trading to the extent of £60,000 a vear, and the only difference of late was that he was leaving the English trade and going more into the colonial trade. The only other point with regard to the certificate was that in July the insolvent made a statement to the Bank excluding the English creditors, which he must have known. He sub-, mitted that the question was whether he was really bettering his position; for if it 'were looked at -in another point of view it might he said he was insolvent from the time he commenced, if he had been sud denly -pulled up. He . therefore thought, as toucning the matter of certificate, that the insol vent, had acted in no improper way. Now he came to the charges of contracting debts by means of fraud with the Ban!:, and with Messrs/Harrold Brothers, and Acraman, Main, Lindsay, & Co., aud -without any reasonable expectation of pav ment So far as his reading extended, he thought that a person having a fair opportunity of paving any particular debt could1 not be said to have no expectation of payment. He would take, for in stance, one debt— that of Solomon Ac Co. Mr. Nathan purchased some goods in January, and on' the first of the next month he took up the bill. He had two sets of creditors— one, urgent creditors, who must be paid, and the other not very urgent creditors. Npr was he under any immediate pressure. So far as regarded the statement made on Julv-ST, it would be seen that- .so anxious was he to give a correct statement that he afterwards informed Mr. Crawford of a bill he had pre viously omitted. His English liabilities were not pressing, and that was a correct statement of his colonial debts, and it was impossible for His Honor, sitting as a Juryman, to think that before those bills became due he would not be able to pay them. And this brought him as to what was the cause of the insolvency. Mr. Natham had been carrying on on credit ; but on January 29 he gave a cheque to Layi & Co., which w;is dishonoured, by mistake, as it appeared the Kialto's draft was endorsed and sent to the Bank the day before. He thought, therefore, the charge of contracting the debts without probable expectation of payment must fall to the ground. With regard to the charge of contracting the debt by means of fraud with' Acraman, Main, Lindsay, ic Co. Hi3 Honor had given sufficient reply to that in answer to Mr. Bakewell that there. was no special reference to the Bank, and that therefore the insolvent was not responsible for what was then told to Mr. Lindsay. With regard to Harrold Brothers'' charge, thev distinctly denied it as far as they could. Mr. Koss, as the agent of Mr. Harrold, went round and urged Nathan to purchase a quantity of cornsacks. Mr. Ross was very anxious to effect the sale, and it was not likely that he would ask Nathan for hU reference. He' had questioned IJoss particularly as to where and when this. took, place, but the answer did not appear very_ satisfactory. And now he came to the matter of the bankers, and sub mitted that they had no right to prove. The only proof o.i the file was with regard to bills under discount, and although they had proved for £5, WX), it appeared that at the time of the last examina tion only £120 was due. ? He then referred to the statement given to -the Bank by Mr. Nathan, and remarked that that was only the 'assets available here.' Mr. Crawford, when he be came manager, might not have known the par ticulars of .Nathan's tr.uling, but he might have done so. On looking at the books Mr. Crawford must have wilfully shut his eyes if he thought £4.000 was all he owed liesides the Banlc That statement was made for a specific purpose, to satisfy the Bank tliat he was able to meet a bill then coming due, and after tliat thev went on as before. In conclusion, he remarked that if the securities were realized as valued by the previous Mannger the insolvent would owe the Bank nothin.,'. His Honor said he wished to consider the evidence, and would give judgment on Friday next at half-past 10 o'clock. Is re C. A. Ltoxs. This was a first hearing. The insolvent is a grocer of Franklin-street, hut no business of importance was transacted IS KE F. Hl'Pi'ATZ. First hearing. The insolvent Ls a labourer of near Salisbury. Nothing of importance was dune. ? ♦ ? 