COMPLIMENTARY DINNER TO MR. FltAZER. M.L.A. (from ol:r own correspondent.) A complimentary dinner waa given on the 17 th inBt., at the Bull and Mouth Hotel, Clunes, to William Frazrr, Esq , M.L.A. C. J. Sutherland, Esq , J.P., presided. The theatre adjoining the hotel was -well filled, and amongst those present ?were some of the most influential men of the After the usual loyal toasts had been given and responded to, The Chairman, in a highly eulogistic speech, proposed the health of the guest of the evening, and at the same time presented Mr Frazer with a purse containing three hundred sovereigns, as a mark of the appreciation in which his BerviceB ?were held. The toast -was received with great enthusiasm. Mr Frazer, in replying, said it had been an old custom for representatives at the end of every session to meet their constituents for the purpose of giving an account of their stewardship, and this custom had been attended with very beneficial re sults, as many questions might hare arisen and votes given upon which no one had any right to ask for explanation but a constituency ; and they had a right to expect that some account should be rendered to them. But, he said.it was not always the case that a representative, before having given any explanation of his parliamentary career, met with such a reception as they had given him that night. The duties which he, in common ?with all persons placed in a similar position, had to perform, were of such an arduous nature that to believe that he had even partially succeeded in discharging them to the satisfaction of themajority of the constituents of so large and influential a district had considerably added to the gratifica tion which under ordinary circumstances such a cordial reception would have afforded him. He could not appropriate to himself the high eulo gies which his esteemed friend, the chairman, had been pleased to pass on him, but he felt con vinced that the kindly feeling manifested towards him throughout the district urose more from the belief that he had done his best to advance the interests of his constituents and of the colony at large than frcm any specific performances on his part. It was in this spirit that he received with grateful acknowledgements the h- nd some testimanial with which he had that night been presented, the chief value of ?which cansisted in its being a recognition of his humble labors in their behalf. It would not be necessary for him to detain them long with a detailed history of the proceedings of Parliament during the last session. Many of those around him, aa vrell aa many others through the district, were well informed on these matterB ; and consider.ng the lateness of the hour, he would only allude te the more salient topics of public interest. Mr Frazer then gave a short account of the history of tho present Parliament, stating that an incomparably larger amount of public business had been gone through than during any previous session, prominent amongst which «tood the Land Bill, the liberal clauses of which he regretted to say had been violated in a manner which neither the Government nor the Parliament itself intended, or indeed anticipated. He re gretted that notwithstanding the large amount of ?legislation that had been effected, no measure of importance in reference to the mining or agricul tural interests had passed the legislature, nor had they succeeded in passing the much needed Dis trict Councils Bill. Tho3e vitally important measures, he hoped, would meet the early atten ? tion of the House on its re-assembling, as well as many other bills of an equally important nature that had been struck off the pap;r at the close of last session. The great disproportion between the population represented, and the number of representatives for the various districts through out the colony, was albo a grievance which he hoped would be Boon rectified, as in the case of himself and his colleague, it threw a very undue amount of labor on them. A district so large in area and population as the county of Talbot should, be subdivided ; as from the numbor of times which its members are obliged to speak, in laying the wants of so ex tensive a district before Parliament, subjected them to the censure of being noted bores. He believed that the erroneous opinion existed that members sitting on Parliamentary committees received pay fer their services, and he wished to disabuse their minds of this notion, as although he had during the last four years sat on, perhaps, as many committees, if not more, than any other member, he had not received one farthing for his services, nor did any member receive payment for services rendered on committees. He considered the royal commission on tho gold- fields now ?sitting, if tho gentlemen composing it per formed their duties faithfully, would collect a fund of very useful information, upon which future legislation for the gold-fields would be based ; but he sincerely regretted that the commission had not devoted a much longer time in collecting information from the people of CluneB, where that highly important branch of quartz mining wna carried on. so extensively, and with such success. Leaving the general business of Parliament, he would allude to two matters in which he had figured ruther prominently of late ; that was tha Police Committee, and the celebrated privilege case, which arose out of it. lie took this, the first opportunity afforded him of lay ing the real facts of the case before his constituents and the public. The ? Police Committee originated from the fact that numerous complaints were made to members of the House, from persons in the forje, of the undue and arbitrary power exercised by the Chief Commissioner, in whose hands rested the sole power ever the men of reward, punishment, dis missal, Sec. Those powers far exceeded those possessed l-y the commander of a military force ; and believing that such a concentration of powers in the hands of one man was wrong, he obtained leave to bring in a bill for tho purpose of trans ferring themtoaBoard, consisting of three peraons. Beforo the second reading of this bill mime on, a gentleman from the Opposition side of the House asked for a committee to inquire into the working of the police force generally ; and although he did not implicitly bolieve in this committee, he consented to act upon it, from the belief that much general und useful information on the subject might be elicited. He had not taken any part in the examination of wit nesses. But there was one gentleman, Mr M. L. King, who took a very active pait, and from the knowledge he displayed of the police force, and the facts he brought to light, he (Mr Frazer), was thoroughly convinced that the Btate of the force required strict investigation; and much regretted that that gentleman was not upon the committee of last session, as the interest he took, the amount of information he posseseed, and the zeal he dis played, would hnve made him a valuable member of it. Eaily in the last session he (Mr Frazer) moved for tho annointment of a committee, statint? at the time that it was for the same purpose as the one obtained lost year, and which had not had time to conclude its labors. This committee during the session examined n largo number of ? witnesses, and, from the evidence given, it appeared that the police force was or ganised in 1853 or 1854, in consequence of the recommendations of a committee appointed in 1852\. The force was modelled after the system of the Irish Constabulary, which was a half military body. This system was introduced on account of the large and nomadic character of the population flocking into the country at the commencement of the gold-fields. Upon the suggestion of a com mission which was afterwards appointed by Sir Charles Ilotham, it was recommended that the constabulary should assume a leBS military cha raeter. These suggestions Captain M'Mahon was carrying into effect. This, however, he (Mr Frazer) would observe, that had that gentleman remained inoflice, the state of the police force would have been much improved, and the country saved many thousands of pounds. After Captain M'Mahon /etired no effort was made to improve the force until Mr Heales took the matter in hand, at the suggestion of Mr Superintendent P. II. Smith, a gentlemen to whom this colony was deeply indebted for his untiring exertions in rendering efficacious the police force, and at the same time materially reducing its cost. From a comparison made it had been ascertained that the numbor of police, as compared with the population of the colony, was out of all proportion to that in England and Wales. He found that the pro portion of police to the population through out England and Wales, was in the countip', one constable to 1200 people, whilst in the towns, except London, it was one to 1000 j thus showing that where population was concentrated, the proportion was greater than where population waB scattered. In London the proportion was about one constable to every 600 people. In this colony the proportion was one constable to every 459 inhabitants, and charac teristically enough, the rule which existed at home was here completely reversed, for in one of the agricultural and pastoral districts the proportion was one constable to every 141 inhabitants, while in the most populous district in the colony the proportion was one constable to every 666 inhabi tants It would not, he anticipated, be denied that the population here was as orderly as at home, and that a police force need not be more numerous, if properly distributed. If these facts were admitted— and that they were correct was the opinion of the best authorities in the country— a saving of at least £50,000 yearly might be made to the country. If. was uiiforunate that the sug gestions of Mr P. H. Smith had not been carried out. He must also say that he did not intend in any way to reflect upon the efficiency of the officers and men of the force generally. On the contrary, he believed them to be a most efficient body, but he believed this to arise from their own natural intelligence, and to the previous training which most of t-iem had, and not to the oystem under which they had been governed. He was also of opinion that had the men, instead of being left to act as their judg ment guided them, had some proper code of in structions to act upon, and the certainty that all promotions would be decided by merit, the force would be in a much higher state of efficiency than at present, and that a Baving to the country might have been effected by reducing the number instead of the pay of tin man employed. He might be asked why no report was brought up by the committee. He had to state that it wa3 the intention of a number of the committee to bring up a report recommending a large reduction in the force, and that the control of it should be veBted in a board consisting of three members, but during the investigation, a number of serious charges were made against some of the officers of the police force ; these charges were made by members of the force, and wore of bo grave a nature, that a number of the committee thought they could not inquir' into th m, and if they could there would not be time to do so A motion was, consequently, made by a member recom mending an immediate investigation ; before this could be disposed of a motion was submitted by another member (Mr Snodgrass) to the « fleet that, as the session was drawing to a close, a com mission should be appointed to finish the labirs of the committee. (This motion ad mitted that the force tras in a state of disorganisation.) The next motion, (and tho one which was carried) was to the effect that further proceedings should be stayed until next session. Upon the same day that the motion was carried Captain M'Mahon was in attendance to give evi dence (he had also attended several times before for the same purpose), and was the last witness the committee intended to examine before bring ing up their report. The Chief Secretary, who had scarcely ever attended the committee, how ever, objected t-i hear the evidence of Captain M'Miihon — for what reason the public would be best able to j udge ; but it seemed to him ( Mr Frazer) that there existed an evident desire on the part of Mr O'Shanassy to burke the inquiry. For some days previously to this it had been cur rently reported that Captain M'Mahon intended to give some evidence very much opposed to his colleague Mr O'Sha-iassy, and that gentleman's proligi'ULt Standish. It would thus be seen that it was not through any fault of his thnt the report of ihe committee was not duly placed before the Ilnuae, but through the instrumentality of Mr O'Shanassy, who, when he found that his views were not likely to be carried out, informed the committee that he had twenty or thirty witnesses to examine, though he admitted that he had neither read the evidence nor attended the meetings of the committee. There were a numbtr of cases to prove the tyrannical power exercised by the Chief Comtni- sioner ; but one particularly happened during the investigation which called for special notice. He referred to the case of two of the most intelligent sergeants of the force, who were dismissed for having signed a petition ad dressed to the Chief Secretary, complaining of the paTtial conduct of Mr Standish in promoting men who had no claim to advancement, and neglecting those whose abilities and long service entitled them to promotion . These sergeants were tried by an illegally constituted board ; and he considered it his duty to bring this matter before the Assembly. In his Bpeech on that occasion he made no charge whatever against any person, but insisted that all the charges against the Chief Commissioner as well as the sergeants should be fairly investigated. This suggestion brought forth that_ virulent and scurrilous article which appeared in the Argus. The course which he adopted on that occasion was well known. Some persons believed that he should have brought an action in the Supreme Court against the proprietors of the Argus, but this course would have been narrowing the question into a personal one, and he did not view the attack in that light ; he was attacked in his public character, as one of a body, and therefore thought it right to bring the matter under the notice of that body. The result was well known. On account of the course he had taken some parties had thought that he was attacking the liberty of the press, but he then, as ever, disclaimed all idea of such a proceeding. ? The liberty of the press and the liberty of the people were iden tical. If they destroyed one the other must decay. Liberty of thought, liberty of speech, and the liberty of the press were the greatest blessings a people could enjoy, but as great as was the blessing, so was the right to use them in a temperate and courteous manner, and when the vast power which a free press shsuld exercise was allowed to degenerate into licentiousness, it degraded its position and de stroyed ita influence. It was a source of great satisfaction to the country, that with very few exceptions the course the Argus and its echo, the Melbourne Punch, took on the occasion he had referred to, had been reprobated by the press — a circumstance that had given the press more power and influence than it had on the day on which that libellous article was written. Mr Frazer concluded his remarks by an allusion to the rapid 'trides of progress which he had witnessed throughout the colony at large, and more particularly in that portion of it which he had the honor and pleasure of representing. He had forgotten to remark that hu regretted extremely that some of the correspondents of the English papers in this country had been unceasing in their endeavors to run down the colony and its institutions. Public men, Mr Frazer said, may betray the trust reposed in them, and miserably defeat the fond hopes entertained of them ; they may become the ecorn of tyrants, and a by-word amongst nations. But let them hope ; let them elevate their minds by a contemplation of the high trust committed to their care ; let them re solve to lay the foundation of the country's pros perity on that rock of virtue which will withstand all attacks fr«m open foes or false friends, and then she, will be able calmly to smile at all ma ligners, whether of native or foreign extraction. The health of Robert M'Donald, Esq., M.P., Mr rrazer s colleague, was drunK with enthu siasm, and responded to in his absence by Mr O'Connor. Mr Curtu proposed the toast of the mining interest. Mr Morgan, in responding, said that tho mining interest was paramount, but that the Royal Commission was not fit to do justice to it. It had come to that district, and stayed one day examining only witnesses belonging to one section of the community — in short, he (Mr Morgan) pronounced the committee to be a humbug. He had suggested to Mr Humffray to go down all the shafts in the place, and see the working', so that he might be able to judge for himself, but he soon found that gentlemen had an antipathy to sub terranean explorations. All the information that could be obtained from a commission com posed as that was would be harmless. A number of other toasts ware proposed, and duly responded to, and it was a late hour ere the company separated. Erratum. — In the description of the Clutha gold-fields, taken from the Bendigo Advertiser, which appeared in our issue of yesterday, the 4 lb loaf should hate been represented as costing Cs. instead of Is. How Members of Parliament are Paid in Fiiance. — Members of the Corps Legislatif are paid in Franco £4 per diem ; but there is a talk of com muting their sessional allownnce into a fixed annual salary of 10,000f. (£400) each, which is more dignified, but cheaper, and therefore not to tlvj tasto of all the members. Every Senator gets three times the amount, and a pretty round sum between 'both your Houses' is thus paid by France for the thinnest ghost of Parliamentary Government. 