THE HOSPITAL. í To Charles D. Cuthbert, Esq., per favor of the Star.) DEAR SIR,-With not a little surprise I pei reived from jour letter in to-day's Sta>\ 11 . ut you have l;een highly incensed nt the very simple and inoffensive letter which I addressed to the committee of the Hospital, in a. legitimate cause, to the best of my judgment, and entirely (n e from personali ties. And 1 beg lo assure yon, ray dear Sir, that I had not tile slightest intention to injure your professional reputation, which I find to <y sorrow I must have inadvert ently done to some extent, to judjie from tlie violent emotions displayed by you. Hail V>ur otherwise so brilliant intellect not been nliscured by passion, you could not have discovered in my letter any censure passed upon thc committee, nor any, what v: ii are pleased 'o t-rm, unmanly insinua tions, w'-ieh I east onie consider as halluci nations of a heated iirnin, phantoms visible only to yourself, like Banquo's ghost in Macbeth. Ha l you kept your head cool y«u could not have failed to notice that I, having no personal stake in the Hospital afftir, was entitled to some credit for the i'isintcrestediiess which you (though differ ently situated) 6o justly claim for yourself. Í am really sorry, for your sake. io have been the innocent cause cf an excitement which made yon forget yours- lt so far as to step down trom that quiet dignity which forms such a prominent feature in your character, and to indulge in invectives which were unjust to tue, and then- fore unworthy of yourself, beinj calcu l:\U-A to lover you in thc estimation of thinking men, or to express the senti ment in more popular language, " To make such a fool of yourself as to take offence w in re none is siven or meant." Trusting Izowevir that the unintentional injury done bas not been so great ns you seemed to imagine in your first excitement, I crave permission to 6ign myself -with the assurance of my undiminished admiration, Dear sir, your most obedient, F. O. KOKN. Ballarat, 14th February. P.S.-I firjd'from the report that the com mittee have endorsed your opinion in con de inning all parts of the building, good and bad, and in opposition to the' views of Messrs Webb, Doane, and Caseili. none of which gentlemen condemns the whole; build ing, bat merely the walls This is no busi ness of mii:e. Ton admit aleo in your letter that the method proposed by me is nothing new, and very simple ¡ that a similar pro position lias l een made before (unknown Ut the puWii1) but lias been condemned as im practicable by vour own ipse dix it Cowar Imperator," bal you do not enlighten the public with your (no doubt good) reasons ! why a simple operation is impracticable in j this instance, which bu* been practical ; enough in many more important cases in : the old country, as you, with your vastly extended knowledge, must be aware of. If ' you would condescend to do so you would ' confer a great benefit on the community by ' thus confirming that confidence in the .wis ! dom and impartiality of the committee which that body at present so deservedly enjoy. Whatever yon have to say I shall not contradict you, as I don't intend to say any more on the subject, leaving it to tbe good sense of the Ballarat men to judge for themselves. 15th February. 