CRICKET MATCH. ZSOW1TA CBEEK CLUB . V. COOKENDLI^] It. is difficult to calculate the actual :ail(j ultimate wjgiilt of any -one action a'whfoh , a single man may perform, njuch less die united action of a number of'^nen bandM; together for a common object. . Whatever may be the opinions pro. and con. entertained in reference to the visit of the All England Eleven to these sunny and southern shores, one result is unmistakeable, namely, it has engendered an interest in, and excited an attention to cricket — the manly, characteristic, and national game of our Fatherland, which bids fair to oudive the other ephemeral "fakements" (whatever may be the meaning of that singularly euphonious colonialism) of the day As far as this neighbourhood is concerned the " visit" has issued in the formation of the two clubs named above, and, after a few weeks' practice, Monday last was appointed to contest the willow. Notwithstanding the' heavy and continuous fall of rain on Saturday and Sunday, which not only rendered the ground unfavourable but was calculated to damp the spirits of the competitors, the match came off at Bowna Creek on the day mentioned. The cricketers were " all there/' and, considering that the majority of the players were novices, you would hardly meet a finer lot of men or a better organised team out of Melbourne. The wickets were pitched at twelve o'clock, when the game commenced. Mr. H- M. Hiley was appointed Captain of the Boivna Creek Club, and Mr. William Tuer Captain of the Cookendina Eleven. (By the way, in ancient times seven used to be considered the mystical number; but, as far as cricket is concerned, eleven appears to claim the mysticism.) Bowna won the toss and placed Hiley and J. G. Brooker at the wickets, Tuer and William Post bowling.; The following is the score :— BOWNA CHEEK CLUB. FXEST IRONres. SECOND IKSIKGS. Hiley, b Tuer 16 lbw ... Brooker, b W. Post 4 b Tuer ... Kiripatrick, run out, b W. Post ... 0 b Tuer ... Jones, bByan ,,. ... ... 8 b Tuer ... Ronald, b.Tuer ... 0 b J. Post Gibson,'b Tuer ... 0 hit wichet Barkly, b Ryan 5 b J. Post Rowan, not out... 1 b.Tuer ... H. Coleman, b Tuer 4 b J. Post W. Coleman, b Tuer 1 not out ... Smith, b Tuer ... 2 b Ryan ... Byes 1 Byes — Wides 42 . No ball 130 ^ First , Innings T . 42 Total COOKENDINA CLUB. PIBBI INNINGS. SECOND. ISJJDTGB. Tuer, b Smith 19 b.Hiley ... ... 26 Wakeford, b Smith ... Ryan, c Brooker W. A. Post, b Brooker J. Post, b Brooker ... Arundell, c Brooker ... E. Post, b Smith W. Post, b Brooker ... Yates, b Smith James Post, not out... Byes 1 not out 0 4 b Brooker ... 9 11 b Smith 0 0 b Brooker ... 1 0 c Jones 1 0 b. Smith 0 5 b. Smith... ... 2 0 b Brooker 0 0 c Kirkpatrick... 8 8 Byes 13. 48 60. First Innings... Total 108 It would be manifestly unfair to attempt . myself not yet thoroughly initiated into the technical pbraseology of the cricketing world. I may venture, however, to say that Kirkpatrick, Hiley, Smith, and Brooker in the Bowna Club; and Tuer, Ryan, and W. Post in the Cockindina team, gave evidence of having carefully studied the game, and promise soon to be efficient and skillful players. In the evening the victory was celebrated by a dinner at Kirkpatrick's White Horse Hotel, and it will not be out of place to say a word or two about the feast, for it was a right royal one. Mine Host of the White Horse has a chef de cusine who is evidently Al. at liis profession, for the appearance of the table prior to the commencement of the gastromic operation would have done credit to any of our metropolitan hostletbo solids and fluids were all in the superlati ve degree of excellence, while hearty good will and good fellowship towards each other added zest and happiness to the social scene. After the cloth was withdrawn a few toasts were given and suitably responded to, and die guests separated at an early hour, all gratified and pleased with the events of the daj\ A return match is, I believe, to come off some time next month, at Cockindina,— [Communicated.] G OU111DEN SJLVIKGB BANE.—By the balancc sheet of 1 the New South Wales Savings Bank, just published,. we observe that the amount to the credit of 139 depositors in the Goulbum branch is £5,521, lte. lOd, giving an average of nearly £40 for each depositor, or, to speak with a httle more accuracy, £39 146., and a _ " 1S . satisfacloiy to notice that with the eiraptaon ofMaidand, Windsor, ana Paramatta, this is the highest average of any of the places at which branches of the Bank have been established. Windsor i^t H^j 4, tbe returns for that town being 5 d \ for J 590 ^P 0^™. or an arerage cf nearly £62 cach—Goulburi Chronicle.. J W K ^ number of couples who within tee last few months have entered the hply state of matnmonv m Wagga Wagga is perfectly refreshing, freely a week elapses without some happy swam tang made supremely bloat. The serriS. oftho ar c ,"? <M«es brought into play, not X? 8 t lc delight of the blushing bride or her affect,onatp lord. The band, howeve? are decidedly worthy of commendation. The performances of a gentleman on the bullock bell, and of several of the musicians on the biscuit- tin, tin-dish, drum, and marrowbones are much admired, and produce quite a stunning effcct.-JF^ Wagga Express. ^A GHOST SM aT.-O n Satnrdav night last a. a girl residing in the femilyof one of our.storewaa gomg to the well to draw aome water, she of a fadland ghostly SFEFL^ 1 1 1 ,^ The P°or girl was so ten*/- h ^ L a Y® at off once into violent ThSV J ?? du ? 1 att *n<knce had to be procured. S iiT^1191 was so severe that the patieut Ze '^f f ? r 601116 houre . aid we understand for a Ume eenous few. were entertained for her. Th» atan was cawed by a young imp of a boy who had dres^l lurnadf up in » pie5 of white aheeW Ho should have been well whipped.-J^ 'W* Cat . D^n»crio N.-After the Big Hitch oSiS v u ^ 0 ' column, had been disposed rim the Yackaiidandnh Police. OoinJ, ,on Monday, MrThomeon . applied i - to - have the defendant .Tvril .TVroll towl?-^ ^ ^ 1**". k® living - threatened L ^tiut. To -tlic truth of objected, admitting, however, hadnieaaced the«W of ZSinuit, but ratter of'tew at «3L 33ns ambulation, very """^Ny oonri^buttte Court not perceiving veiy clearly £ow dWerto theW J22* into the necessary reoogn- 